Sherlock clasped his hands together, his knuckles turning white. “Excellent observation.”
“Let’s be honest,” John said, settling back against the cushions with Rosie. “When it comes to her vocabulary, she’s – well – you know.”
Sherlock frowned in confusion. “I was under the impression things couldn’t be fixed.”
for once in his life. Sure, the entire situation often left him riddled with guilt and confusion in the hours where the two of them did not communicate, but when it was happening, it felt like… like a drug. The comparison was a bit unnerving, but he realized it was true. To find out that it was all a sham, that she had only been doing it for some crazy, still-unknown plan was disappointing, and it left him empty and reaching for something he couldn’t see.
He picked up his gun. It wouldn’t be smart to leave it there for when Rosie would wake up the next morning. With his fingers still twisted with Sherlock’s, John tugged him up the stairs. It was crazy to think that when he had come down only ten minutes ago, he had been convinced a psychopath was in his home. This was a much better turn of events.
Sherlock’s mouth was dry. He was frozen. He needed to get out.
Thanks so much to everyone who's left kudos and subscribed! Hope you liked this chapter. There will be more to come!
For the sixth time in the past half-hour, John rose from the couch and walked to the front window. Reaching up with his left hand, he parted the curtains and looked outside, hoping to see his mad detective ambling up the front walk.
“I’m really okay,” he said. “I’ve had worse.” He sat up straighter in his chair, which only served to jostle his shoulder more. Gritting his teeth together, he glanced up at Molly, whose look told him she didn’t believe him for a second.
to be safe,” said Sherlock. “That’s why I have to go.”
Explanation time:
“John?”
Rosie made a huffy sound and reached for John, drawing everyone’s attention back to her. John softened, and a look of regret crossed his face.
But that never happened. Sherlock stayed by John’s side, his curious eyes always focused on him. Sherlock asked him question after question, and had him assist in collecting things for various experiments. It was easy to forget John was a counselor and Sherlock was a camper. They just… were what they were. Steadily moving up the road to best friends, with something else lurking on the sides.
John gave a choked laugh, smiling. “Sherlock Holmes, actually admitting he needs sleep. Never would have imagined it.”
He leaned back in his chair, drawing a mournful creak from it. The counselor leading the session, Greg Lestrade, fixed his gaze on Sherlock. He was interrupting Harry’s talking time with his rickety chair. In response, he slowly straightened back up, the creaking sound being getting even louder. Greg’s eyes narrowed.
“But have you ever-”
John gritted his teeth.
“But does he still feel the same way?” John asked, feeling some anxiety creep up. This was what he had been trying to gauge all day. Whether or not he still had a chance.
“I know what you mean,” Sherlock replied, relieved he wasn’t being ridiculous.
“If you insist.”
“I thought you’d be up soon after.”
Mycroft hesitated for a fraction of a second. “That’s the problem,” he said. “We don’t know.”
I realize this isn't much of a chapter, but the next one is way better and I'm already like 75% done it, so I'm hoping to have it up within the next week.
“Please don’t leave me,” John whispers. “I love you, you hear me? I love you, so you can’t do this.”
“Do what?” Speaking is hard, should it be this hard so soon after getting shot? He’s been shot before, so he should know, but he can’t make the answer come.
“Yes. It’s all in the car.” He nodded toward Rosie. “Just wanted to bring this one in.”
John sniffed and put his fork down when he realized he’d been gripping it too tightly. “If I wanted to be psychoanalyzed, I’d see my therapist. Oh, wait…”
” Sherlock spat the word as though it tasted bitter, “won’t change a thing.
“It’s only the fourth day, Greg.”
“Yes.” It was no more than a whisper. “Yes. There’s – someone.”
A car drove past them on the street, and Sherlock wished it could take him with it. Everything hurt, and he just wanted it to stop.
“I punched him,” John said bluntly. “That’s not really a good thing.”
He’s been on the losing side for a long time.
Downstairs, Rosie was still fussing tremendously, but she had calmed a bit when she saw Mrs. Hudson. John suspected the car ride had helped too. Mrs. Hudson had insisted on watching over Rosie while Sherlock and John went up to the flat, citing a need for “godmother time.” John was only too happy to hand her over, a fact he felt a little guilty about.
Sherlock’s face crumpled slightly before he nodded. “Sure. Whatever you want.”
“John?”
“Something’s bothering you,” Sherlock said as they walked. He pushed Rosie along in her pushchair as John walked beside them. John hated feeling so useless, being unable to push his daughter himself.  It was supposed to be
Alone in the house, Sherlock took his seat at the table. He couldn’t stop staring at the candles. Did they mean what he thought they meant? The mere possibility made him feel jittery. He didn’t want to think about it too closely. He couldn’t.
An unfamiliar, disgusting feeling crept into Sherlock’s stomach. “Oh.” Guilt. That was it. But why was he guilty?
“You think this is about Mary?” John shook his head. He rose from his chair and walked closer to the sitting room. Sherlock was vulnerable on the floor.
John picked up his mug and smiled at him over the rim. “No reason.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Sherlock said. “The past is the past, and we agreed not to dwell on it, yes?”
"Withdrawal is starting to set in for him,” Greg continued, oblivious to John’s family drama. “His hands shake all the time. If he hasn’t realized he’s got a problem yet, he will soon.”
She blushed at that, still unused to people expressing so much gratitude. It was quite nice, but she didn’t always know what to do with it. One of the many things she was working on with herself. She leaned closer to John so she could whisper in his ear.
By the time Sherlock began declaring John as the ultimate father, John couldn’t see the monitor through the blurriness of his eyes. He blinked once, twice, feeling drops of moisture slip out and slide down into his hair.
” Lestrade said. He gave Sherlock a meaningful look and nodded towards Rosie, who was staring up at him with her usual childlike interest. The reminder made Sherlock’s stomach drop like a rock.
“Stop it.” John couldn’t help but wince at the sudden fierceness in Sherlock’s voice. “You have made mistakes in your past, certainly, but everyone has. There is not a single person on this earth who is completely perfect. You are a better man than you think you are.”
Because John was standing in the doorway, still dressed in his army fatigues.
“Isn’t that what friends do?” John snorted.
Sherlock thought.
“You said that already.”
“And your parents never mentioned her at all?”
he thought.
“I’ll be there right away,” he croaked, clutching his phone. “Tell him I’ll be right there.”
When he was finished blowing out the candle, he sat back and let his side press fully against John’s. They were there. They were at the strange, mysterious moment they had been moving toward since John asked him to stay the day prior. They had to be. Sherlock was just waiting for the confirmation. He looked to John.
Sherlock looked up sharply at that. “I’m not in pain. I’m fine.”
“It’s your brother.”
A faint beeping, and a familiar sterile smell. The third and fourth.
“I thought you didn’t care for children.”
It took every ounce of John’s self-control not to run upstairs and declare his love to Sherlock right then and there. They had waited long enough to be happy together, and he didn’t want to waste another minute.
Rosie. You’re his greatest achievement. He told me so. He’ll be back with you as soon as he can.”
The word slipped out before he could process it, let alone stop it. John’s head shot up, his eyes wide. Even Rosie seemed to understand the weight of the moment, for she stilled and looked at Sherlock.
John’s lips quirked into a self-satisfied smirk. “No one could make you tenser than him. Also, he’s the only one who wouldn’t encourage you to stay. Molly and Greg both think it’s great.”
He still hadn’t admitted there was anything wrong, and John never pushed. John had a feeling Sherlock knew deep down. He was a smart boy, he had to know. But if he didn’t want to confirm it, John wouldn’t force him.
He was so caught up in the idea of winning that he missed the implication. “The Woman, as you always put it.”
“Oh.” Sherlock stopped his search. “That’s… fine, I suppose.”
He must’ve miscalculated. He thought John’s apology at the hospital, coupled with the way he’d acted toward Sherlock just now, meant that things were taking a turn for the better in their relationship. He thought John
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I should’ve – I probably should’ve asked or something.”
“Instead of leaving tomorrow, stay for one more night.”  John worked to keep his fingers from clenching into a fist out of anxiety. His eyes stayed locked with Sherlock’s wide, bright ones.
"What sort of names?”
He was in the process of pulling out his phone to Google it when he heard the front door being unlocked. Hastily putting away Rosie’s food, he picked her up out of her high chair and nestled her against his side. She looked up at him, and he swore her expression was a bit smug.
It was such an intimate moment, far more intimate than anything he’d ever experienced. And the fact that it was with
He tried to ignore that last part. If he even began to let himself think he had actually had a chance with John, then he feared he would truly fall apart. It was as he said to John. They needed to move forward, to stop being bogged down by the past.
“You don’t even like the summer holidays.”
“I’m sorry I took Watson without checking with you first.” Sherlock took his note from that morning off the fridge and crumpled it up. John almost wished he’d left it there. “I didn’t want to wait.”
“I don’t like to. He wasn’t a good man.” John glanced at him, his face blank. “You can probably deduce it.”
Then she seemed unsatisfied with anything her father did. He put on some cartoons and she ran around screaming. He offered her toys and she tossed them aside. Sherlock tried to wrangle her into her pushchair so he could take her for a walk, but she merely kicked him and darted away. John would have found it hilarious if he didn’t want to explode.
“Ah.”
Having seen Sherlock interact with his mother, John could almost picture what it was like for a six-year-old version of him to be bossed around her. The image his mind created made him smile a little. “Please tell me you went and introduced yourself.”
I did that to you, and it is quite possibly the worst thing I have ever done. I don’t understand how you’re here right now. You should’ve been long gone, never to see me again. Christ.” He looked at Sherlock head on, and Sherlock was stupefied. “The cut on your face is finally gone, but I still see it. Every time I look at you. That’s why I don’t. Because then I can pretend it never happened.” He sniffed and looked away. “But it did.”
But he also wanted to make it special. It was what Sherlock deserved. He had never experienced true love, never had anyone make a grand gesture for him. John was determined to be the one to show Sherlock Holmes that he was loved and wanted, and he couldn’t just tell him so while Sherlock was drying off a freshly-washed baby.
"What do people usually assume about you?”
if they answered any of my emails. They’re all imbeciles there, I don’t know why they don’t listen to me.”
“Yes.”
“She’ll learn it eventually.”
“I literally just heard everything John said. Come on, it’ll be good for you. We can talk about… things.”
John had thought that would make Sherlock happy, but he swore he saw something shutter in Sherlock’s eyes.
“What are you doing up?” Sherlock looks surprised to see John standing there, as if John hadn’t moved back in two months ago and doesn’t live there. He still speaks in a low voice for the sake of the baby, and John’s chest aches more. It takes him a moment to formulate a reply.
“First thing to keep in mind,” Greg said, “is that they don’t think they have a problem. Their habits are little hobbies that they can quit at any time. However, if they’re here, that’s not true.”
“I had nothing better to do,” he replied.
John blinked and tore his gaze away from his cell phone, which was sitting on the counter behind Sherlock, charging. He didn’t even remember starting to look at it. “What?”
Molly smiled and said goodbye to Rosie and John before heading to the door. Sherlock continued to stand there, frozen. Was he expected to leave too? He didn’t want to.
“That day. At Barts.”
He was sitting in his chair, and for Lestrade, the logical place to sit would be the armchair across from Sherlock. John’s armchair. Sherlock kept his eyes trained on the book, but he could still sense Lestrade’s hesitation. In the end, the DI sat at the table off to Sherlock’s left.
“Alright,” said Sherlock, finally. “I’ll stay.” He grinned. “But only because I’m tired of cooking for you while you sit around and do nothing. It’s time things were reversed.”
"Wow,” he said, shaking his head. “That’s incredible.”
He expected Sherlock to relax, but he didn’t. Instead, he almost seemed to get more anxious. John couldn’t blame him, really. He didn’t like talking about his childhood either.
After dinner and bath time, John cuddled Rosie in his bed. She seemed to sense his sentimental thoughts and was being extra clingy. He didn’t mind. He didn’t want to let her go either.
Sherlock felt like he was on fire. “Did – did you just call me beautiful?”
he thought.
“It wasn’t bound to last anyway,” he said, trying to sound dismissive. “Even if I hadn’t…. you would’ve found someone to marry and moved out.”
His words felt like they were about something far more serious than a friendship, but he chose not to dwell on that right now. He could only focus on so much, and his fraying friendship was what was most important. It had always been that, even when he was married. He realized that had to mean something, but, again, not the main problem right now.
"Because of you.”
Sherlock couldn’t say anything through the lump in his throat, so he just nodded.
“I was just thinking about how unlucky Rosie is to have gotten Mary and I as parents.” He paused, frowning. “I mean, obviously Mary isn’t really her parent anymore, but she’s still got me, and I don’t know if that’s necessarily a good thing.”
“Your trip to the hospital last month says otherwise.” Mycroft’s expression turned slightly sad, and Sherlock scoffed. For the past few years, Mycroft had touted that sentiment was abhorrent and should be avoided at all costs. And yet, here he was, betraying his own philosophy.
This took Sherlock by surprise. He had never heard John mention his father before, leading him to believe John didn’t like him much. This was the first time he got explicit confirmation about it, and he didn’t quite know how to handle it.
"You’re thinking too loud,” Sherlock said. John blinked and looked around. Sherlock was currently stretched out on a towel on his stomach, a thick book lying open in front of him. He was eyeing John quizzically, as though John’s thoughts had disturbed his reading.
It was amazing how many times Sherlock had surprised him in the course of one day. Even after knowing him for several years, he kept shocking him.
Sherlock started, and John realized he hadn’t noticed him. His worry rose even more. If
“I’m happy, John.”
Sherlock’s eyes were becoming less focused. John could practically see him sinking into the memory. He spoke in a softer voice. “Why’s that?”
John opened his mouth, then shut it. She had a good point. His thoughts were what had been stopping him, his fear that he’d blow up and ruin everything forever, or that he had already ruined it forever and he would just make it worse by trying to fix everything. He doubted those fears would go away even if he did just jump headfirst into it, but perhaps he wouldn’t have time to really consider those fears if he did.
He heard the unspoken second half of the question.
<><><>
“She’s also a woman.”
“Hi, John!” greeted Molly, a bright smile on her face as always. “Hi, Miss Rosie!”
Sherlock drops his gaze to the floor. “I was overwhelmed. I’ve never – I mean, I
” He was shaking. When did he start shaking? “Do you have the first idea how lucky you are?”
After his sudden realization, John had choked out a flimsy excuse about being exhausted and fled upstairs. It had taken every ounce of self-preservation that he had not to look back at Sherlock, because he was certain that if he did he would lose it. He made a beeline for his bedroom and shut the door firmly behind him.
John almost laughed. “Then it’s simple, isn’t it?”
“Now tell me, Ms. Rosie,” he said, fighting to keep a straight face. “Is it still Christmas?”
The ball of light grew in size and intensity every day. By the end of the summer, John was convinced it wouldn’t fit in his chest anymore. He was honestly surprised it hadn’t burst out of him yet, tearing him apart completely.
“Maybe that’s for the best.”
“What would you like to know?”
He knew this already, and while Sherlock deserved to know the truth about who his therapist was, he wasn’t ready for that conversation. He repeated his previous question.
Sherlock’s face remained blank, but John saw something in his eyes. A hint of surprise, a bit of fear. John stood his ground, watching Sherlock.
“Well.” Uncertainty flashes on his face. “What will she think, her father being in a romantic relationship with his flatmate?”
“What’s that?” He leaned to the side so he could get a better look. All of the muscles in Sherlock’s upper body tensed.
“What makes you say that?”
Of course, him leaving seemed like it could ruin a great deal, but it was necessary.
John shrugged, the movement tight and jerky. “It’s not a big deal. I don’t really care what people think.”
<><><>
It was a testament to how close they had become, for John slid out of bed willingly and shoved his feet into his pair of worn trainers. He followed Sherlock out of the cabin and down the path towards the lake. Moonlight seeping through the trees lit their way. For the whole walk, neither boy spoke. Words weren’t necessary.
John took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “I trust you,” he said. “Thanks, Greg.”
It was quiet in the kitchen. John almost felt victorious, because Sherlock didn’t immediately respond. He’d rendered him speechless. It was for the best. People needed to stop thinking the best of him. He had never been anyone’s golden boy, and he didn’t want to be. Golden boys didn’t do the things he’d done.
John lay on his left side, staring at the monitor, with its blinking green light that indicated it was on. The sound quality wasn’t the best, but he could still hear most of what was being said.
He shoved himself up into a sitting position, gritting his teeth as his right shoulder was jostled. As was his habit, he glanced toward the other side of the bed. It was cold and undisturbed.
“That wasn’t a lie,” he said, his back to Lestrade. “I haven’t been spending enough time with her lately. I’ve been failing her.”
Sherlock should have known this. And really, deep down, he did. The evidence was all there, from John being shot to Sherlock’s brief time with Eurus when they were children. However, in his determination to put his forgotten little sister from his mind, back when he thought Mycroft was going to handle it, he had ignored Eurus’ very clear motivations. And now he would pay for it.
like a criminal or an idiot to you? We really must work on your observational skills. I’d hate for this to become a habit.”
Pain. That was the first thing that registered.
Sherlock’s cheeks went pink. He handed the mug to John. “I know,” he said. “It just – felt like I should.”
But he had to. He had to protect him.
“Right, but it’s okay to want something else,” John said. “I won’t be hurt if you do.”
“Molly’s done the shopping for your father,” he told Rosie. “She always buys organic eggs. Why didn’t John go shopping?”
“What?”
"You,” Greg announced, jabbing a finger in John’s direction, “are a miracle worker.”
he was prepared to leave early because he couldn’t spend another
Another chapter a week later??? I know, I'm just as surprised as you guys are. I can't promise the next one will be up as quickly as this one was, but I was feeling extra inspired this week and more than a little sad, and this fic has become a thing that makes me very happy, so I turned to it when I could. I have the next several chapters mapped out too, which helps with the whole motivation thing.
John stared at the cut on Sherlock’s brow. “I think we need to.”
That night was no exception.
After attempting to change Rosie’s diaper with one hand, he finally accepted that he was in way over his head. He dug his phone out of his pocket and called the only person he could deal with at the present moment.
John nodded and retrieved two diaper bags from the sitting room. Sherlock’s chest seized. His last night at the Watsons and Rosie wouldn’t even be there? He felt like he was being deprived of something precious.
Greg nodded sympathetically and continued to work through his suitcase. He wasn’t going to push it. John decided right then and there he quite liked Greg.
His gaze fell on his old chair, the one that sat just across from Sherlock’s. It had been there before he moved in, so it wasn’t like it had truly belonged to him, but it had become his over time. It hadn’t been there before Sherlock was shot, but then Sherlock moved it back. John wondered what it was like for him to have it be unoccupied. To sit across from it and constantly be reminded that John wasn’t there. Did Sherlock even sit in his chair when he was there alone? Or was it too much?
Once they realized they were doing more talking than eating, they retreated to the sitting room. Like so many nights before, they sat on the couch, only this time John sat closer to Sherlock than ever. He had turned his body so he was facing Sherlock, and his knee was touching Sherlock’s thigh. The lights were dim. John’s head was resting on his hand, his elbow propped against the back of the couch.
Mycroft had the decency to look away. “I never said I was good at it,” he answered. John swallowed.
A chuckle escapes John before he can stop it. “She’s not even a year old, Sherlock. It’s going to be a while before she understands. We don’t have to worry about it just now.” He turns his head and kisses Sherlock’s palm. Sherlock’s breath stutters.
“Well,” he said, struggling to compose himself. He blinked away the wetness in his eyes and cleared his throat. “Rosamund needs someone with two available hands to protect her. I suppose it should be me.”
Anger flashed on John’s face. “You’re doing it again, you’re taking on everything by yourself. You told me you wouldn’t do that anymore! We’re supposed to be a team!”
He didn’t expect everything to be fixed the minute he walked through the door. That would be absurd and unrealistic. But he had hoped that since
He picked up his coat from the kitchen and put it on as slowly as possible. He longed to ask John if he could stay. Surely John needed the help. He couldn’t take care of a baby with one arm. Or maybe he could and Sherlock just didn’t understand children well enough to know. What he did know was that he wasn't looking forward to going home to his empty flat.
He winced. “I’m sorry, I didn’t -”
She was the only bright spot in his life. When Mary had been pregnant with her, John had felt some doubts. He didn’t know how he and Mary would be as parents, considering everything that had gone down between them, and he didn’t know if he would be a good father. A former army doctor with a love for danger who suffered from PTSD wasn’t exactly an ideal candidate to raise a child. And there were times, usually at night when he’d lie awake and stare at the ceiling, where he wondered if he even wanted a child. It used to be a dream of his when he was much younger, but he had been a different person then. Someone with fewer scars, with less blood on his hands. Someone who wouldn’t follow a self-diagnosed sociopath without hesitation into danger.
“Unclear.”
As if she understood him, Rosie kicked him right in the stomach. She couldn’t have gotten much force behind it, but Sherlock still grunted.  It took John a second to realize that was right where Sherlock’s gunshot wound was. His stomach dropped at the thought, but Sherlock didn’t seem to think twice about it.
John snickered. “You’re a city boy, aren’t you?”
"You should try anyway.”
“That’s most of the summer.”
Sherlock opened and closed his mouth. There was an excellent chance that the blurriness in his vision was due to tears, but he didn’t want to cry because he was so incredibly…
John lifted his tea to his lips as they began to curl upward. “Fragile? Really?”
He couldn’t tell if it was anger toward Sherlock or himself.
At eleven o’clock the following morning, Sherlock would be pulled away from John.
Sherlock squirmed in his seat. “It’s not… entirely… the worst thing in the world.”
Him knocking Sherlock to the ground. Onto his back.
“It was ours,” he said, surprising himself. Sherlock, who had been checking the inside of his case, looked up.
“What’s going on?” Sherlock pressed. “What’s bothering you?”
His voice was gentle once more. John opened his eyes and stared at the ground. He shifted Rosie in his arm again, realizing he was going to have to put her down soon.
It wasn’t until he had returned to the stove with a spatula and was cooking the eggs that John spoke again, and he nearly missed his words over the hissing of the food. He was so glad he didn’t though.
He was in love with John, but John was married, so he hid his feelings away for the sake of preserving his best friend’s happiness.
Sherlock was out of his bed and down the hall in an instant. Rosie’s room was empty aside from the girl herself, showing that either John hadn’t heard or hadn’t arrived yet. Either way, Sherlock wasted no time in crossing to her crib and picking her up.
Downstairs, about twenty minutes later, he heard the doorbell ring. Curious, he stood and walked to the stop of the stairs.
Here, Mycroft hesitated again. It made John tense. “One to two days, depending on the difficulty of the puzzle.”
John pushed strands of spaghetti around his plate. “Bothering isn’t the word I’d choose.”
“How about this,” Sherlock said. “Tomorrow, I’ll go to the store and pick up some groceries.”
“Listening to people butcher songs is entertaining for you?” He adjusted his hold on Rosie, who was in his lap and growing more and more tired by the moment. Her head rested on his chest, and his large hand stroked her back with a tenderness he once thought he was not capable of.
If it weren’t for you, I’d likely go home tomorrow and get high again. I wouldn’t have this intense desire to change, to be better. This is all you.”
Sherlock frowned, his gaze hardening. “So, you can ask me plenty of personal questions, but I can’t do the same with you?”
"I kept telling myself I had it under control, that I didn’t have a problem. Because I thought I was smarter than that. I truly thought I could stop myself from getting addicted.” He laughed bitterly. “I suppose that’s where I’m actually quite thick. I think I’m above these sort of things.
He often wonders what would’ve happened if he’d just opened his mouth one of those nights and said, “John, I love you.” If he’d laid himself bare for John and showed him just how much he meant to Sherlock. Would John accept it and tell Sherlock he felt the same way? Or would he have moved out the next day?
"Sherlock? Wha’re you doing here?”
He missed Sherlock. That was abundantly clear. And he wouldn’t be able to get him back until they cleared the air between them. That would require actual conversation and harsh realities, but it would be worth it if he got his Sherlock back. At least, that was what he told himself.
“Hush,” she said, a soft smile on her face. “As godmother, it’s my job to help out.”
And yet, it was an exquisite pain. Because as long as he felt it, it meant he was close to John and close to Rosie, and it was almost like what they had before Mary, before The Fall. Before Sherlock ruined any chance he might have had.
John snorted. “Funny. Last time it was six.”
“Almost there,” John said two days after Rosie had woken them up in the middle of the night. Sherlock was just finishing squirting some saline drops into her nose. “She’ll be back to normal either tomorrow or the day after.”
“Just keep an eye on her, will you?” asked John. Sherlock nodded, uncertain of what else to say. John flashed him a warm smile and left the room. With a frown, Sherlock looked down at Rosie.
Both Holmes boys knew Sherlock was far from dimwitted, but that wasn’t the point. It was just another taunt for Sherlock to lob at Mycroft.
– was frankly more terrifying than war, but he’d have to do it if he wanted Sherlock back. “I’ll go tomorrow. Wait, no, Rosie has appointments in the morning, and I said I’d take an emergency shift at the surgery. So, the day after. After my therapist appointment.”
get out of bed,” Sherlock said, fully aware it made him sound like a child. That just made John’s amusement grow.
“Later,” he said, reluctant. “Rosie needs to be taken care of right now.”
“Now I really know you’re in love,” Lestrade said. “I’ve never heard you get this soppy.”
John licked his lower lip, something Sherlock absolutely did not pay close attention to. “Shepherd’s pie.”
She was asleep now, her head pillowed on his chest, his shirt still held firmly in her grasp. He didn’t want to let her go, but he knew he had to. Carefully, he set her back in her cot and unwound her fingers from his shirt. She reached out for something to hold, and he tucked her dog into her arm.
John nodded. “Tomorrow, yeah.” He looked up into Sherlock’s eyes, which were already focused on him. He bit his lip. “I just. I think I need to… God, I –”
The street was just as empty as it had been the last time he looked.
“Funny, they don’t sound very great to me.”
“Yes, well, as good as that apparently was,” he said, “I’d like to move on.”
“Why not?”
“Thank you so much, Molly,” John said. He came over and gave her a one-armed hug. “I continue to be in your debt.”
“I thought he had men here too.”
“Dada?” asked Rosie plaintively. John shook himself out of his stupor and looked at her.
John nodded. He moved forward and put his tea on the coffee table. When he sat back, Sherlock swore he was closer to him than before.
<><><>
He didn’t know why he said it, and the look in John’s eyes changed to something awed and almost wistful. Tearing his gaze away, Sherlock darted to the fridge to get the eggs. The chill from inside soothed his burning cheeks.
“I’m in love with Sherlock.” His eyes jumped to the stairs, certain Sherlock had heard even though he whispered it. But there was no one downstairs except for him. The water was still running. Rosie was still laughing.
Confusion. That was the second.
Molly worried her lower lip with her teeth. John knew she was thinking the same things he was, that Sherlock was most likely in a great deal of danger and might even be dead. Wordlessly, he reached over and took her hand.
“What?” Sherlock snapped when it got to be too much.
” he breathed, “and you chose to
A little boy with curly, inky hair and mesmerizing eyes and a brain too powerful for such a young age… the thought of him being bullied and ostracized made John want to climb into the past and protect him from all the insults and disapproving stares. It made him want to reach out to Sherlock now, sitting hardly a foot from him on the couch.
That was untrue, she knew, but Sherlock was watching them with narrowed eyes and she felt like it was best if she left, so she didn’t argue. Quickly saying her goodbyes, Molly left and walked out to her car. She settled into the front seat and hooked her phone up to the Bluetooth system so she could drive and talk on the phone. As she started the car and drove away, she made a call.
He watched as John started a little and flicked his eyes toward Sherlock before going back to his laptop. Sherlock felt a flare of irritation. “Yeah,” was all John said in reply.
Hi I'm so sorry for the wait and I'm sorry about the way this chapter went and I prooooomissssee the next chapter won't take so long. Seriously. I really love you all thank you so so so so much for sticking with this. <3 <3
you are. I’ve always known.”
John was watching him closely. Sherlock was desperate for this phone call to be over. His knee bounced up and down.
Confident the eggs could handle being left alone for a minute, Sherlock slowly pivoted on his heels and faced John. John was staring right at him, which startled Sherlock. He had expected averted eyes.
John didn’t even bother to hide his fond smile. He’d just had pasta last night, but how could he possibly refuse Sherlock?
Rosie smacked her tiny fist against the tray of her high chair, reminding them that she was quite hungry and still very present. Sherlock brushed a quick kiss over her head (something he hadn’t planned to do, but still let happen) and started preparing her bottle.
Sherlock carefully wiped Rosie’s nose, then picked her up from where she had been lying on the couch. “And not a moment too soon. I don’t like her being sick.”
“Stay one more night.”
“Um,” John said, breaking the silence that was becoming more prominent with each passing moment. “Bathroom’s through there. You can use my shower.”
Sherlock said nothing, just nodded. He returned to watching Rosie, and John wondered if the faint blush on Sherlock’s cheeks was from the wind or something else.
“She left rules behind too. He isn’t allowed to tell us where he is going until he gets there and finds the next puzzle.” Mycroft moved some papers around on his desk and pulled out a map of the UK. John saw there were four black Xs scattered around: One up by Manchester, another by Cardiff, another by Ipswich, and the last one by Southampton.
“–Yeah, I remember, thanks. The point is, you didn’t include me. And if you’ll recall, when you came back, I wasn’t very happy with you.”
But they didn’t do that, and Sherlock was still talking.
John glanced at him, as if checking to see if he was serious. Then he nodded. “Thank you.”
It hit him on the eighth day since Sherlock left that he had fallen into the same routine he had created when Mary died. He would wake up after a night of barely sleeping (or sometimes not sleeping at all) and shuffle to Rosie’s room, where he would get her ready for the day. His energy would last until just past breakfast, and then he would realize he had no clue about what to do with himself that day. He had taken an indefinite leave from the surgery after Mary’s death and hadn’t been back before he was shot. It had been a relief to not have to go into work every day and interact with people, but it would have at least been something to do.
John squirmed under the praise. He gave Sherlock a quick, awkward smile.
“Expecting something?”
Rosie nodded eagerly. “Come see!” She leapt off him and grabbed his hand. He dutifully stood up and followed her out to the sitting room, where there were piles of presents beneath the Christmas tree in the corner. She held her hands out in a “ta da” gesture, and he acted appropriately surprised, as though he hadn’t set them all out the night before.
“Someone needs to keep Rosie safe –”
“I’m still trying to wrap my head around the fact that my husband is actually home,” Sherlock rasped before stumbling across the room and pressing himself to John’s free side. His forehead went to John’s temple, and for a moment the three of them stood huddled together, relishing being with one another once again.
“I don’t think you’re an idiot,” he said quietly.
<><><>
<><><>
Sherlock eyed him for another moment before going upstairs. John could hear him speaking to Rosie as he carried her into the bathroom. He waited until he heard the water running before pulling out his phone and calling Lestrade.
“I’m going to prepare her a bottle,” John said roughly. “Best to give her something now.” He left the room without another word, leaving Sherlock there, confused. Sherlock couldn’t help but feel like moments like those were happening more frequently, and he didn’t know what to make of it.
“I will,” he whispered. “I promise.”
“Got it,” John said with a nod. “So how do you respond to that?”
So really, it was better to keep it to himself, because at least now John is still by his side, still smiling in his direction, still brushing against him every once in a while. That’s all that matters really. Having John there.
Sorry for the delay, had some laptop issues. Hope you enjoy!
When Sherlock and Rosie returned, John was sitting on the couch pretending to watch a Bond film. His eyes flicked from the television to the door, where Sherlock was trying to make a stealthy entrance and failing miserably.
“You make it sound as though I’m broken. Like I need to be fixed.”
“Three months ago, I overdosed. I wasn’t on a case at the time. I just needed the high. I’d gotten into a fight with my parents, I hated the people I went to school with, and I wanted to get away. I gave myself too much and woke up in a hospital with my brother sitting beside me. The first thing he did when I was coherent enough to understand him was give me a pamphlet for this place.” He held out his hands. “And then I was shipped here.”
Something pricked John’s eyes. He blinked them away. “I wanted to do it. I wanted more.”
The covers were abruptly thrown back as Sherlock emerged from underneath them. His hair was mussed, and his cheeks held a red tint, no doubt caused by the heat. Or anger, if the fire in his eyes were anything to go by. The eyes were actually what captivated John the most. They stood out in the semi-darkness, pale, ethereal things. Right now, they were furious. Furious and glassy, the kind of glassy that came from being sick.
“John –”
“Don’t be daft,” said Sherlock, though he sounded incredibly fond. He felt like every pore in his body was filled with sunlight. “It doesn’t suit you.”
Sherlock looked at him, his face unreadable. Then he let go of John’s hand and went into his own room.
“I thought Mrs. Hudson was watching Rosie today,” she said. Everyone had been taking turns minding the little girl while John was in the hospital. Thankfully, he had only been there for three days, so he wasn’t separated from his baby girl for long.
“If I wasn’t at his house, he was at mine. We played in the backyard. Pirates, mostly. I had a hat and a toy sword.”
“John?” Molly’s voice seemed to come from far away. He blinked a few times and realized that she was now crouched in front of him. She’d taken his mug and placed it on the coffee table, and she had a hand on Rosie’s back, as if she was prepared to take her away at a moment’s notice. His breaths came out in rapid pants. Panic attack.
as a flatmate.”
– and informed John and Mary that they were to be parents. And John had looked at Sherlock, a bright smile on his face, and gripped the back of his neck. Sherlock had been smiling too, but then his smile faded. John’s did too, for a reason he couldn’t entirely pinpoint. Suddenly Sherlock’s gaze had been too much, and he looked away.
“I’m sorry if I’ve ruined this,” Sherlock says. “I had a feeling I would.”
They had been
“You look so happy,” she said. “I’m glad it’s all working out.”
“Hello?”
Lestrade set the tea down in front of Sherlock before taking a seat beside him. Sherlock watched the steam from it rise and curl before dissipating into the air. He wished he could do the same.
“I wouldn’t have been able to sleep even if I tried,” said John, moving closer. “You said you would be home by Rosie’s bedtime and you weren’t. Then you wouldn’t answer your phone…”
John shook his head. “I just helped a bit. You did all the hard work yourself.”
Sherlock looked up at him, and John saw something unfamiliar in his eyes. His long fingers tightened around his mug.
“Somehow, I find that hard to believe.”
John smiled into his glass. “Mycroft told me.”
Around four, Lestrade had called and offered to host John and Rosie for dinner. When his phone rang, John nearly dropped the basket of laundry he had been holding to answer it. His hope sputtered out like a candle when he saw the caller ID, and he’d politely – as politely as he could manage – turned down the invitation.
Sherlock watched as the clock on his bedside table slowly ticked its way closer to seven o’clock. It was incredibly mind-numbing and dull, and he would’ve hated doing it if it didn’t help distract him from what was to come in approximately five minutes.
“Um, hi,” a girl with auburn hair and shredded cuticles said. “I’m Harry. I’m here because I’m an alcoholic. Supposedly.”
“You’re amazing,” he said. “You know that?”
His anger was ebbing, leaving behind the familiar pang of self-loathing. His oldest friend. “I meant – I meant to say – he shouldn’t love me. After everything I’ve done to him, he shouldn’t. It’s wrong.”
to buy several bags of dog food. Sherlock tapped his foot as he watched him fumble through his wallet, no doubt struggling to find his card. In two seconds, Sherlock was going to snap.
He’d played it off as a joke, something to make John laugh in such a heart-wrenching time. But John can’t shake the feeling there was something else hidden in those words.
“You know plenty about me.” John shook his head.
“I was going to offer to drive,” said John, “but I don’t think I’m ready to let her go just yet.”
Sherlock must’ve realized this, for he quickly followed it up with, “You said it was only texting.”
“Do you need to get that?” asked John, looking anxious and displeased. Sherlock fumbled with his phone, saw Mycroft was the one calling (
He knew he needed to remind himself that John was straight and not at all interested in him, but he was too giddy to do that at the moment. He was up half the night cataloguing the moment in his Mind Palace, his stomach too fluttery (what an awful, but appropriate word) for him to relax. It needed to be memorized! The feeling of John’s fingers over his, the look in his eyes, the softness of his voice… Sherlock hadn’t been lying when he said he was happy.
The first thing that registered in John’s mind the next morning was how uncomfortable sleeping with a baby monitor under one’s pillow was. As he slowly drifted towards wakefulness, he pried his cramped fingers away from the monitor and pulled it out. It took him a moment to think of how it got to that spot, but when it hit him, his chest seized with an unidentifiable emotion.
“Sherlock,” said John, his hand digging into his knee. “I am so sorry. So very sorry. I shouldn’t have hurt you. You didn’t
“Yeah, yeah,” he said. “Whatever, you git.”
it was ridiculous and a clear sign of his insecurity. Still, the words came out before he could stop them. “Do you regret it?”
“Baker Street,” John said. “With you. That’s what makes me truly happy.”
“I know so.”
After he returned with a bag of his things, John had shown him to the guest room. It was small and barely furnished – just a queen-sized bed, a nightstand, and a set of drawers. The bed didn’t even have sheets or a comforter. It was quite depressing. John resented it.
“Presents are easier to gather,” he said. “They’re objects. They don’t have responsibilities. Daddy is a person who is doing important work. Father Christmas can’t take him away from that work.”
He had clearly meant it as a joke, but it landed heavier than that. Sherlock’s lips parted. John looked startled. Rosie made a cooing noise.
There is something
John softened at that. Sherlock wished his nerves weren’t so glaringly obvious. He didn’t know how he was supposed to act, he didn’t know what John was thinking. It was agonizing and completely unfamiliar to Sherlock. The ground had shifted beneath his feet, somehow, and he was struggling to find his footing.
Sherlock misunderstands. “I won’t be able to live with myself knowing I ruined our friendship. It’s the most important thing to me, John, surely you must know that by now. Nothing has to change.”
"John,” he whispered. “
“I can’t look at you,” said John, “because it hurts too much.”
“With
Sherlock glanced at him before looking away. “There is, I suppose.” He paused, and John knew just how much effort it was taking him to say the next few words. “I could tell you it sometime. If you wanted to hear it.”
Inhale, exhale.
John didn’t respond right away, so Sherlock had to look up to gauge his reaction. All the teasing had disappeared from John’s face, leaving him wide-eyed with his mouth parted. Sherlock felt incredibly self-conscious all of a sudden.
Before he had John, Lestrade was the only person who would stand up for Sherlock. He didn’t always do an excellent job of it, and there were days where Lestrade threatened to sever all ties with him, but compared to everyone else, he was a godsend. Sherlock had respected him from the very first moment they met. He’d been very high at the time, and Lestrade refused to let him in on the case he was working on unless he was sober.
Something in John’s expression both softened and steeled itself, somehow. John reached across the table and placed his hand on top of Sherlock’s.
“Thank you for apologizing.”
Lestrade wasn’t an idiot. Sherlock had always known this. It was why he kept going to him in search of cases and why he tolerated the man’s presence in his life. He knew Lestrade understood exactly what he meant. Lestrade knew just what Sherlock had said that made John flee, made John hide. He knew it without Sherlock having to tell him. For that, Sherlock would be forever grateful.
“So Victor became your best friend?” John prompted when it seemed Sherlock had no interest in continuing. Sherlock nodded.
“Weren’t you?” Sherlock tilted his head to the side. “You said it was just texting.”
“Then, what happened?” Molly asked, confused.
“Hm.” John looked thoughtful. “Yeah, I can see why you would think that makes sense. Doesn’t mean it’s the right thing to do.”
He had already fallen. Hard.
“We’re not supposed to be hiding things, remember?” Sherlock pointed out lightly. John looked up, blowing out a deep breath. The bloody pact. He knew it was a good thing, but opening up didn’t come easily to him.
Sherlock brushed John’s hair back, his eyes shining. “No more apologies for the past,” he said. “Let’s just focus on our future.”
Thank you for all your patience, I hope you enjoy this one!
? You make it sound like it’s so simple, yet I don’t know a single thing about you. How can you tell stuff about me?”
“I believe he’s smarter than her,” said Mycroft. John could detect faint desperation in his voice. “He knows how to take care of himself, and he will not give up until she is dealt with.”
, you seriously can’t accept him for who he is?”
“No,” Sherlock said as he reentered the house. “I gave it to her.”
The soldier in him calls for a plan, some method of attack, but the father in him shouts they have your
<><><>
“No,” John said, shaking his head. “Please don’t say anything. Someday, I hope you’ll understand. And then maybe you’ll decide you never want to see me again. I wouldn’t blame you.”
The memory of the scars on Sherlock’s back made John ill. He didn’t want to consider the possibility that Sherlock could be accumulating new ones.
“Oh,” he said again, and he internally smacked himself. “That’s – rather nice.”
Sherlock swallowed the retort he’d prepared. John was staring at him levelly, and suddenly there was a lump in his throat. Maybe he’d miscalculated that he miscalculated.
Clearly, they had a wonderful time at lunch together, and Molly was unwilling to disturb it. They were in such a good place. She stood up, her book held to her chest.
Sherlock looked from her to John, who was steadfastly not looking at him. So much for things returning to normal between them.
After being alone for so long, Sherlock never thought he could miss a person so much. But he does. He misses John with every fiber of his being. He hates living in 221B without John. The flat feels too big without him sitting in his chair, too quiet without him yelling at Sherlock for leaving fingers in the cabinet. If he could be granted one wish, he would ask for John to come back to live with him. He could take hiding his true feelings as long as John came home to him every night.
Lestrade put the kettle on the stovetop and leaned against the table, arms crossed. His expression was casual and nonjudgmental. Sherlock wished his hands would stop shaking.
“When they’re seven, maybe.”
“But… But Father Christmas can do anything.”
John shook his head. “Unsurprisingly, Mycroft was not forthcoming with any information.” He could hardly keep the bitterness from his tone. “It sounded like Sherlock just needed to speak with her, but it’s probably going to be more complicated than that.” Everything about the Holmes family was more complicated than it should be. It frustrated him to no end.
He recalled the way Sherlock had avoided his gaze last night before leaving the room with Rosie. They hadn’t spoken after that. Sherlock had put Rosie to bed, then disappeared into the guest room. John was too afraid to knock on his door and say good night.
The angle is awkward, as Sherlock is still sitting, but John quickly remedies that by dropping onto Sherlock’s lap. Arms come up to encircle him, keeping him from falling onto the ground.
“He used to get really drunk,” John said, like Sherlock hadn’t spoken. “And when he was drunk like that, Harry and I would hide in my room with the door locked. Mum would try to keep him away.” He sniffed, and Sherlock’s heart clenched. “She didn’t always succeed.”
Sherlock wanted to slam his head into the wall. A textbook case of alcoholism: drinking to drown your sorrows. It was dull. In fact, every person who’d spoken in that godforsaken group session was a walking cliché. One girl started on heroin because her boyfriend dealt it. A boy took his mother’s prescription pills because he was bored. Every word out of their mouths could’ve come from a terrible television movie.
A wry grin appeared on John’s face. “You can’t ‘deduce’ it?”
home, and he wanted to return. He could see it now: Rosie running around the sitting room while Sherlock worked on an experiment in the kitchen and John typed up a blog post in his chair. They’d order takeout for dinner and sit together to eat it and be so happy. Rosie would take his old room upstairs, and John would… where would John go?
He brought his knees to his chest. “I’m going to miss you.” They’d never addressed their impending separation, but now it was getting harder to ignore. John could see Sherlock freeze in the middle of turning a page. He forced himself to keep looking forward.
“My…” He dropped his gaze to Rosie, who had lost interest in the woman and was back to focusing on him. Her chubby hands reached up, clearly in search of his scarf. She whined when she couldn’t find it.
It turned out that it was even harder when said single parent only had one available arm.
“What kind of support groups did she go to?” John didn’t care much about the finer details of this case, but hearing Sherlock’s voice after hours of panic soothed him a great deal.
stay, even after John left him behind. And while John was admittedly alive, Sherlock still had to deal with the emptiness, the loneliness. In that sense, Sherlock was stronger than John could ever hope to be. He was
“How long?” he asked.
Greg held his hands up. “I just saw her talking to you earlier. I swear I didn’t stalk you, or something.”
“Mm?”
Sherlock flushed and ducked his head. John found it utterly endearing. “Possibly. Is it working?”
His cart was half-filled with random food items he was mostly certain John liked. There were some biscuits, eggs, soups, cheeses, and pastas, along with an array of other things. He’d debated with himself for a while in front of the cereals before snatching up one he thought he might’ve seen in Baker Street once and adding it to the mix. Grouped in one corner of the cart were a series of canned foods he considered acceptable, and he’d made sure to grab several foods he knew Rosie liked. He had been there for nearly an hour, stressing over every decision, and he was more than ready to be done.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Losing a child or being kidnapped?”
Molly was giving him a knowing look that rankled him, so he turned away to finish cleaning up the remnants of Rosie’s unfinished lunch. He wiped down her high chair and put all the necessary dishes in the sink. When he faced the sitting room once again, he saw Molly watching him with a dumbstruck expression.
“Her first word,” John marveled. “My little Rosie, talking already.” He pressed a kiss to Rosie’s head. “Where is the time going?”
“Then why did you stop?”
These sessions would give John the chance to see inside the enigma that was Sherlock Holmes. He didn’t know what he would find, but the possibilities were dizzying in how endless and exciting they were.
Sherlock made a noise of indignation that was tinged with pain. “I still was able to –”
John had been fine for a while after Sherlock and Molly left, letting himself relax by holding tightly onto Rosie with his left arm. He was thankful his little girl seemed to understand Daddy really needed her to keep still, because he knew that if she wiggled too much, he wouldn’t be able to stabilize her before she inevitably fell from his grasp. But she, perfect angel that she was (in that moment), stayed still.
“What were you going to say?”
John’s inability to come up with a response was enough of an answer.
), he couldn’t prevent the flood of words bubbling up in him. “The first time he saw me after Mary’s funeral was when Mrs. Hudson threw me in the
"Look, John,” Greg said, leaning forward. “I’d love to spend all my time focusing on this one boy who clearly needs help. But I have other campers to work with.”
“Well,” said Sherlock. “Let’s just say I was particularly motivated.”
“I know that,” Sherlock bit out. “I’ve been telling myself that every day. But is it a crime to enjoy it while I have it?”
“Think about it though.” Lestrade leaned forward, which just made Sherlock want to lean back. He didn’t, though, and he was rather proud of himself for it. “You’re living in close proximity to the person you’re in love with, who just happens to be the same person who, no offense to John, has caused you a lot of anguish recently. And
Actually, no. Seeing the look on John’s face hadn’t been a relief. It had been a mixture of resignation and heartbreak. But heartbreak wasn’t a new concept to him anyway.
“Promise. We’ll be fine. Don’t worry about us.”
“It’s amazing, though.” John picked up his tea again and stared into it. “How you are with her. I know that if anything ever happened to me, she would be in good hands.”
“I have no desire,” said Sherlock slowly, “to be in a romantic relationship with Irene Adler. Leave it alone.”
"Though for the record,” John continues, praying this doesn’t frighten Sherlock. “I couldn’t pick a better person to be her other parent.”
At this, John cracked a small smile, and Sherlock felt a seed of relief in his stomach. “She was lovely,” John said. “Warm, kind. Everything a mother should be. She loved me and Harry fiercely.”
John gave him an exasperated look. “But would he really make the effort to call me if it wasn’t important?”
“What is your father planning? He’s baffling me.”
Thirty-seven minutes to go.
“Thank you for being so well-behaved,” he said once he was finished. He picked her back up and, because he could, kissed her head once more.
“I know you
Lestrade tapped his finger against his cup. “What was it you told him yesterday?”
“Not hungry.”
In the immediate few days after Sherlock left, Rosie had crawled all over the bottom floor in search of him. John didn’t think she would notice his disappearance, but he should have known better than to underestimate his daughter. She knew Sherlock was gone, and she did not like it. She had cried a little, especially around bedtime, when she couldn’t be lulled to sleep by his soothing voice. Even now, she kept looking for him, as if he would appear from behind a door or under the table.
Sherlock thought. Her eyes were bloodshot, and her hands shook. She hadn’t had a drink in a few days, most likely due to her coming to this camp. Before she left, she’d gotten totally smashed. One last hoorah before she was sent to rehab. Sherlock couldn’t blame her. He would’ve done the same thing if Mycroft hadn’t been watching him like a hawk.
“John.”
It took him a moment to realize someone was speaking to him, and even then he only noticed because Rosie was peering over his shoulder. He turned to find an elderly woman smiling kindly at him, a shopping basket clutched in her hands.
“She’s a playful one, isn’t she?” he ventured, his voice sounding quite loud in otherwise silent room. They were the first words spoken by anyone in seventeen minutes.
“It’s okay,” Molly replied dismissively. “I’ve heard worse. What have you done now?”
The soft glow from the solitary lamp they had on lit Sherlock’s face, creating a little halo around his curls. His fingers twisted the fabric of his trousers. “For a time. But then he moved on. And I did too.”
The look Sherlock gave him could only be described as condescending. “You would play a CD?”
Apparently, however, Sherlock does not feel the same way.
Despite the roiling emotions inside of him, Sherlock still managed a scoff. “It was a scratch, not a
Sherlock was wise to stop himself from arguing. “Music has been known to soothe unruly children.”
“What do you think?” Sherlock tried to sound his normal haughty self in an attempt to erase the memory of what had just transpired between them, but his nose was still stuffed, and it just made him sound pathetic. Lestrade nodded and steered him into the bathroom, where he carefully shaved off every strand of hair.
Rosie merely blinked up at him. He huffed out a sigh.
“It was yours too,” Sherlock murmured. “But I understand. I don’t think I could have stayed if you…”
The words John said made sense, logically. It was just that Sherlock couldn’t quite wrap his head around it. Which was rather strange, seeing as just last night, he was just about ready to propose marriage.
John smiled faintly and squeezed his hand. “Thank you,” he whispered, his voice catching.
John smiled his thanks, and Sherlock smiled back. That simple curve of lips erased all the heartache that had preceded it.
he repeats over and over. He even begins to whisper it aloud. He knows, oh how he
“If we both want it enough, yes.”
“My dog,” he replied. He straightened, satisfied with his work. John resisted the urge to smile.
“It’s okay,” said John. “I’m just glad you’re safe now.”
“When he comes back,” he said, “you should try to get better.”
because of it? That didn’t seem fair.
There was a silly fluttering in Sherlock’s stomach. He both loathed and cherished it. “Thank you,” he said quietly. “It is… appreciated.”
“Going somewhere?” he managed, his throat tightening. He tried to recall if Sherlock had mentioned anything about leaving and came up empty. He’d been blindsided.
<><><>
“True,” Mycroft said. “But there is still something you can do to make all of this easier.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes again, but it was halfhearted at best. He slumped into a chair at the kitchen table and watched as Lestrade made the tea. He would get it wrong, Sherlock already knew. Only one person had ever bothered to figure out just how Sherlock liked his tea, and he’d given up his chance to be standing in Lestrade’s position today. Because Sherlock had revealed that he loved him. And he probably hated Sherlock right now.
Sherlock didn’t know what to make of that.
There was so much to process, so much to sort through, but now that the shock of Sherlock’s return was wearing off, he was reminded that it was past two in the morning, and he was bloody exhausted. Everything would have to wait until tomorrow.
“And then you fell for him,” Lestrade said, interrupting Sherlock’s whirlwind thoughts, “and you didn’t care about any of that.”
“Playing house?”
This was only the second time since Mary’s death that Sherlock had been inside the Watson house, and John still obviously blamed him for what happened to her. Of course he would be in pain. The man who caused her death was sitting on the floor playing with her daughter. He was in the spot Mary would have been if she was alive. It must’ve been a slap in the face for John.
Sherlock traced Rosie’s fragile spine. “I could have started in the past few months.”
“Then what for?” Whether he realizes it or not, Sherlock’s body turns ever so slightly so he’s facing more towards John. It gives John a sense of satisfaction, the knowledge that a part of Sherlock is drawn to him.
hadn’t seen something that was
“What’s on your mind?” asked Sherlock. John blinked, thrown by the sudden question.
Sherlock finished cleaning up dinner and walked into the sitting room to find Rosie cross-legged in John’s chair. She had something in her hands, and when he perched on the armrest, he saw it was the photo album John had started putting together once Rosie had been born. Most of the pictures in it were of the little girl, but over the years John added several of him and Sherlock. Some of them were just of Sherlock, which both pleased and annoyed him.
he thought.
“I forgive you.”
Lestrade softened, though he still seemed very irritated. “So you didn’t leave because he’s gay?”
“Ah,” Lestrade said. “He’s there with you now, isn’t he?”
Sherlock stood up and watched as Rosie flew across the room and latched herself to John’s legs. John set aside his bag and scooped her up in his arms, his own face just as wet as hers. His hand splayed across her back as he kissed her head and pressed his face to her hair.
There was a pang in his chest when he answered. “Yes. That was all.”
“Welcome home, John,” Sherlock said as they drew close again. “Merry Christmas.” John sighed and hugged them both tightly.
It took a minute for those words and its implications to fully hit Sherlock. A slight panic gripped his chest at the mere idea.
“She was,” John agreed. His smile faded. “The complete opposite of my father.”
After that, some of the tension left Sherlock’s body. He finished making breakfast for the three of them – a very domestic task that Sherlock had already done numerous times during his stay at the Watson household, yet one that felt extra momentous now. Sherlock found himself focusing on John more than he was his own food, which caused John to give him multiple meaningful looks.
Lestrade sighed, not at all surprised. “Two weeks now. I didn’t want to involve you because of –” He waved a hand around vaguely. Sherlock rolled his eyes and snatched the file from Lestrade’s hands. He flicked it open and scanned the pages and photographs inside. His pulse quickened as he took in all the information, a telltale sign of a thrilling case.
Sherlock turned over to his side, staring into the darkness of the guest room. He knew he probably reacted unfairly to John’s revelation, but, in all fairness, he could’ve reacted even worse than he did. What he’d felt in that moment had been a mix of surprise, disappointment, compassion, and heartbreak.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say. It was a rare occurrence, but it had been known to happen. Most often, it was because of John. He never failed to steal the words from Sherlock’s mouth.
He regretted it a moment later. After cleaning up all the wrapping paper, he curled up in John’s chair, wishing his scent wasn’t so faint.
Something caught his eye. A thin, raised line, stretching from Sherlock’s back toward the front. It didn’t make it very far onto his side, but it was still visible from where John was sitting.
Though, based on how things had been going between them lately, he doubted it.  Still, he wanted to be sure, and asking Sherlock outright seemed like an awful idea.
“Oh.” Sherlock took a sip of his scalding coffee to avoid speaking for a moment. He would need to prepare for his departure sooner than he planned. It might be best to distance himself from John over the next few days. He needed to get used to not seeing him every minute of every day.
“They’re all better?” Greg sounded as hopeful as Molly had been feeling.
“Yes.” He paused. “When I was eleven, he got sick. There was nothing to be done.” He closed his eyes against the memory. “I sat with him when… when…”
“Oh, come on,” John said. “That can’t be all. You adore that place more than anything, and you’ve been away for nearly a month.”
Silence descended on them. Sherlock pressed his hands together, waiting for the familiar twinge in his inner elbow that usually came from thinking about cocaine. Mercifully, it didn’t come.
The night passed slowly. John didn’t sleep at all.
John stared at the sentence for another minute before leaving it as it was. The last time he’d seen Harry was when she’d shot him a venomous glare and slammed the door to her cabin in his face. That was on the first day of camp.
He wasn’t watching a clock, but he was still certain it was far too early for anyone to be returning to the cabin when he heard the door groan open. Steady, familiar footsteps traveled closer and closer until they stopped at the foot of his bed. Somehow, without even looking, Sherlock knew who it was.
John’s eyes snapped to Sherlock. “No,” he said immediately, and Sherlock could tell right away that he was being sincere. “Not at all. I’ve never – I could never regret saying those words to you, Sherlock. If anything, I regret that I didn’t say them sooner.” A slightly tortured look crossed his face. “After you first told me – or didn’t tell me, exactly, but after I figured it out – I should have realized I felt the same.”
Sherlock’s bloody torso flashed in John’s mind. “Oh, right. No, I know about it.  I patched him up when he got home.”
“No no, there’s no point to it, as you said.”
“We’ll be back soon,” John said to Molly, perfectly composed. He gave Rosie a quick kiss on the head. “Be good for Aunt Molly, love.”
“You weren’t successful either.”
that John wondered if he had misjudged everything. The visit to their home on Christmas nearly two years ago hadn’t cleared things up at all, and he never thought to ask Sherlock about it. Which was really quite odd, considering how it was
With those three tiny words, John’s spirits were lifted, and he was able to smile a little back. “I wanted to,” he admitted.
Sherlock crept through the woods, his footsteps sounding thunderous in the quiet darkness. He was supposed to be in his cabin, but he couldn’t stay away. The need to be with John for these final few hours burnt his skin and set him on fire. He hadn’t even entertained the idea that John would want to sleep instead of spend time with him. He prayed that wasn’t the case.
“What?” John somehow looked horrified. “No. No, don’t do that. That’s not necessary. Nothing will get fixed if you do that.”
“How long to do you have to wear that?” He nodded toward the sling, and John looked down at it.
“No. No, I – I can’t. I just can’t.”
“Alright,” he said. “To Baker Street.”
<><><>
John closed his eyes, getting lost in the memory. “The Chief Superintendent called you a weirdo.”
I'm so very sorry for the delay, I don't expect the next chapter to take quite as long. Thank you for sticking around if you have. <3 I hope everyone's safe and healthy!
“You really think so?” Sherlock tilted his head as he studied John. He squirmed a bit under the boy’s careful gaze, though not out of any real discomfort.
oh my God. How’d you know all that?” John moved around the bed so he could sit on the end. Sherlock stiffened and scooted back against the headboard.
But he hears nothing.
Lestrade softened, almost looking sad. “No. It’s not.”
“I know that,” Sherlock said flippantly, even though he was celebrating inside. “It really was only a matter of time before this happened, considering the rate she’s been developing at.”
incident hadn’t even crossed Sherlock’s mind. It had hurt Sherlock, obviously, but John didn’t bring it up, so he thought they would just forget it. He assumed it would be added to the heaping pile of things they never talked about but probably should. It was easier that way.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed even as his throat clogged up. John set the cupcake on the coffee table and sat back down next to him. Even though his eyes were fixed on the flickering flame on top of the dessert, Sherlock could see John flexing his fingers in his peripheral vision.
John stepped closer. “Is he still alive?”
Mycroft handed Sherlock his bag. “We shall see.”
By some miracle, he managed to get all the bags loaded into John’s car without harming Rosie. He got her settled into her car seat, making sure she was perfectly secure. Before he shut the back door though, he hesitated. Rosie tilted her head to the side, an almost perfect imitation of her father.
“I’ll continue to help,” he said. “Provided you want me to.”
But he
Greg raised an eyebrow. Then the other one. “You want to help him?”
Another stretch of silence followed, broken only by Rosie’s satisfied coos as she stacked her blocks only to knock them down right after.
"Sorry.”
And yet, there was another part of him that wondered… what if John had chosen
and wanted to know if he was
After Sherlock left, John sat on the couch and stared at the cupcake he’d rather hoped they would eat together. His shoulder hadn’t hurt for days, yet he felt a persistent ache there that matched the one in his heart.
"Your brother didn’t play with you?”
Sherlock thought she was a liar.
Sherlock sighed. “Like what?”
“I can do ‘periments with you!” she crowed. Sherlock smiled. The chemistry set had been his idea, and clearly it was a good one.
Take, for example, the perfectly beautiful moment that occurred three days after their visit to the park. The little bit of nice weather they had experienced vanished, replaced by thunderstorms. Dark clouds covered the sky as rain fell in sheets. Every so often, a big
“What?”
“I suppose,” he replied with a shrug. “I wasn’t sure how well I’d do. Didn’t really have the best role model.” He froze when he realized what he’d said and hastily shoved a bite of spaghetti into his mouth. Sherlock was watching him closely, a question in his eyes, and he swallowed.
“So she could be anywhere,” Sherlock said flatly. “She could be in London was we speak.”
During his little speech, he’d heard footsteps coming up the stairs. At first he had ignored them in favor of paying attention to his daughter, but now it occurred to him that they were heavier than Mrs. Hudson’s. Still calming Rosie down, he looked up and into John’s eyes. Not on Rosie’s face, but on John’s.
“After everything Sherlock has done for you, after everything you’ve done for
John took a deep breath through his nose. Like most things, she was right. He’d known this from the moment they started talking.
That was the closest he’d ever come to admitting it out loud. It was the alcohol’s doing, he knew, but he still managed to feel a bit proud of himself. He hadn’t felt that in a long time.
“You don’t have to take your sister on alone,” John continued. “You’ve never had to do anything alone because you have me. I’ve let you down too many times. I won’t do it again. I won’t let anything happen to you.”
“Oh,” he says. “Um, sure.” He stands and takes his daughter from Sherlock, ignoring the way their hands brush when they make the careful transfer, or how close he is to him (close enough to feel his breath on John’s cheek).
“What about Penny?” Sherlock asks.
“Not so good at first,” she said. “Sherlock was sad, and John was nervous. But after they came back… Gosh, Greg, you should have seen them.”
The thunderstorm had lessened, which made it easier to put Rosie to sleep. She hadn’t called John “Da” more than a handful of times since the first, but it still sent a jolt of bright happiness through him. He had hoped, of course, that her first word would be something like that, but he’d known better than to assume it would. His own first word had been “no,” funnily enough. His mother used to tell the story of how she tried to put John down for a nap and he’d spoken for the first time ever just to reject it. It still made him smile, even if the thought of his mother made him sad.
“Oh, I do,” Sherlock replied. He smirked when John moved to hit him before remembering he couldn’t. “I worry about her.”
Sherlock hadn’t looked away from him for nearly a minute now. It felt like the longest amount of time they’d held eye contact for in a while. John had forgotten what a heady rush he got from these drawn-out gazes.
it’s not, but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t wish it was.
Sherlock’s lips quirked up. He hesitated, then brought one of his hands up to rest over John’s.
“I love him,” Sherlock said plainly once the waiter left. “Nothing is going to change that. If I want to keep him in my life, I have to learn to live with it. I’d say I’ve done a decent job of it so far.”
Now, he would always wonder what life would be like if he actually had spoken up. Would John have moved back to Baker Street? Would they have gotten the life they shared together back?
“It’s not a bad thing,” he said. “I just – I don’t want to cause you any pain.”
John slowly sank into his seat and started to reach for his wineglass before stopping. “I wanted to thank you,” he said finally. “Remember? This is for everything you’ve –”
“But I asked Father Christmas to bring him home,” she said insistently. “And Father Christmas brought me all this.” She gestured to the presents all around them. “So he’s going to bring Daddy too. He
That only made the lump in his throat grow. “You think so?” he whispered. Molly squeezed his hand.
John never thought he was capable of such happiness.
“It’s no problem at all,” Molly chirped, and Sherlock felt himself relax. “I love spending time with Rosie, you know that.” She paused, and Sherlock thought perhaps she was taking off her coat or something. When she spoke again, he had to lean forward to hear her. “Is everything alright?”
"I was thinking about how we only have a week left here.”
Sherlock had a hard time resisting rolling his eyes. He detested small talk. “Courtesy of my brother. I’m not to be trusted with… with anything, really.”
John turned his gaze to him, and Sherlock nearly lost his breath at the glassy, but overjoyed look in John’s eyes. He smiled, unable to contain it.
Especially when he was speaking to his best friend.
“Aren’t you?”
“I want to help,” he’d said as he gazed at Rosie. She was in his lap, waving her rattle around.
John’s eyes darted over Sherlock’s face, searching. A small smile curved at his lips.
6:56. Getting closer. Sherlock took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He had faced murderers, faked his own death, killed people, and endured the worst kind of tortures a man could inflict. And yet, he still needed to prepare himself for this moment.
“Yes, well,” Sherlock said, “they don’t understand the situation.”
John ripped up some grass and threw it at him. “Not everyone can have nonstop genius thoughts like you.”
“How could we possibly forget you?” John asked. “You’re our baby girl.”
A cacophony of snores could be heard from inside the male counselors’ cabin. Sherlock wrinkled his nose as he pried the door open. The boy closest to the door turned over in his sleep, mumbling about pie. Sherlock rolled his eyes and crept forward.
“I think she wants you,” murmured Sherlock. Without waiting for John to acknowledge him, he shifted and transferred Rosie over to John’s uninjured side. John circled his left arm around her, forming a protective barrier. She nestled against his chest, momentarily content once more.
<><><>
“Fine,” John snaps. “Just forget about it. About all of it.” He walks back to the baby monitor and picks it up. It’s still blessedly silent, though he supposes it doesn’t matter whether or not Penny wakes up. He doubts he’ll be getting much sleep tonight.
He felt paralyzed, and for once his mind wasn’t giving him any solutions. He didn’t know what to do, and it was terrifying. As if she could sense his panic, Rosie began to cry louder, her wails occasionally pierced by a cough.
Sherlock’s jaw worked. “His family moved away just over a year later. I was so against it I begged his parents not to go. Created a whole argument about why them staying would be more beneficial. When they didn’t budge, I offered Victor a spare room in our house. It was my sister’s, but I didn’t realize it.” He looked down at his lap, where his fingers were gripping the seam of his trousers. “He said he couldn’t. He didn’t want to be separated from his parents.”
He stared at John, taking in the way he purposefully kept his gaze forward and the way his shoulders (even the injured one) were tense. He was clenching his left hand, which was never a good sign. Sherlock felt the anger leak from his body and leave behind only exhaustion and heartbreak. As stupid and pointless as it was, he wanted to cry.
But he couldn’t tell his mum he hadn’t seen her at all. She would get worried and tell John he needed to make more of an effort.  Camp had just started. He needed to give her some time. At least, that’s what Greg said.
“Sherlock.” John slid into his path, stopping Sherlock from going any further. “I know you think I’m an idiot, but I’m not so much of one that I can’t tell when you’re hurt.”
Sentiment is a chemical defect found on the losing side. It’s something he’s said many times, something he’s believed for most of his life. He’s not sure if he still feels this way, but he knows that if he does, there’s only one thing that is certain:
Mycroft would call right now), and declined the call.
“You were shot,” she reminded him. “You’re in pain. It’s okay to admit you need something to help you get through.”
<><><>
“Yes, I know,” Sherlock huffed. “But back then it felt like a betrayal. He told me he’d keep in touch, and that he’d come visit.”
Greg sat down on his bed, and John hurried to copy him. “I’ve found that insisting they have a problem doesn’t work. They don’t need you to tell them what their parents have been saying for God knows how long. What they need is someone to talk to, someone who’s willing to listen.”
“No, we don’t,” John said, taking his now-full plate back to the table. Sherlock’s sat on the counter. “Is that Greg? You should go hang out with him.”
The words came without hesitation. “I always have.”
“If something is bothering you, or hurting you, you’ve got to tell me. Okay?”
John’s automatic response was to deflect, but he knew he couldn’t do that. Not if he was to be open and honest with Sherlock like he wanted. It was hard going against his instinct, but he managed to coax the words out.
“What are you doing here?” he asked, possibly a bit blunter than necessary. Molly didn’t seem bothered though; in fact, she seemed delighted.
John slept on beneath him, his breathing soft and steady. Sherlock tilted his head up to see John better, though he moved slowly so he wouldn’t disturb him. John was certainly older than he had been when he and Sherlock first met, but Sherlock could still see the man he met that day at Barts. Nothing could fully erase him from Sherlock’s mind.
For the next five minutes, the only talking that occurred was John telling Sherlock where each food item went. There was still a conversation to be had, and they both knew it, but it was easier to put it off. John focused on the task at hand, getting so caught up in it that he didn’t realize they were done until Sherlock was clearing the empty bags off the table.
He knew he couldn’t avoid thinking about it anymore. These thoughts and feelings were begging to be sorted, and the longer he put it off the more confusing they would become. So that night, after Rosie and Sherlock were tucked away in their rooms, John laid in bed and thought.
Now he
Molly perched herself on the edge of a cozy armchair and waited. She would never ask him to start. It was always on his own time, whenever he could bring himself to speak, if he even could. It was one of the things he appreciated most about her. She was gentler than most therapists.
It wasn’t the biggest gesture a person could do, but he didn’t think Sherlock would want him to hang a giant banner from Big Ben that said “I LOVE YOU, SHERLOCK.” No, a simple dinner for the two of them would do.
Normally, he would save it all until the morning. It was quite late, and the wine had made him tired. However, he knew there was no chance he would be getting any sleep tonight. He packaged the cupcake up and placed it into the fridge before getting started on cleaning everything else. He let his mind wander away from the twisting, anxious thoughts regarding Sherlock and his family. It would do him no good to worry about them right now. Not when he was going to spend every waking moment until Sherlock returned doing just that.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s thumb grazed the back of John’s hand, and a shiver danced through his body, unbidden.
Sherlock frowned. “You don’t have something in mind? A plan?”
Huffing out a sigh, Sherlock rolled his eyes and directed his next words to Rosie. “Your father is mocking me, Rosamund. I do not like it.”
“I think she can go back to her cot now.” Sherlock’s voice startles John from his thoughts, and he looks up like a child caught doing something naughty. The image of him and Sherlock curling up in bed, heads tucked under chins, fingers spread across backs, dissipates within a second.
Sherlock spun around. John stood at the bottom of the stairs, poorly suppressing a yawn. He was still in his pajamas, and his hair was all rumpled from just rolling out of bed.
Sherlock unrolled his napkin and smoothed it over his lap. “Yes. He’s apologized for how he treated me, and I’ve forgiven him. We’ve agreed to be more… forthcoming with our feelings.” He wrinkled his nose and took a sip of water. “It’s all rather sentimental, I suppose.”
“Come back to me,” he said. “Come back home to me and our girl.”
“Here you go,” he said, returning the cup to Rosie and planting a kiss on her head. She cooed and latched onto it happily. As she drank, her eyes traveled around the room, like she was looking for something. John’s heart sank.
So, no, he hadn’t expected Rosie’s first word to be what she would be calling him (or, at least, a portion of it) for the rest of her life, but that didn’t make him any less happy that it had been. He was in a very good mood, and that was what gave him the courage to ask Sherlock to sit with him downstairs before bed.
John is undone. The synapses in his brain explode, his stomach drops to his feet, every cliché falls upon him in that single moment.
! For God’s sake, she entrusted you with her metaphorical heart!”
Sherlock’s response was quick and acidic. “Right, because I’m the dimwitted brother.”
“Yeah,” said John slowly, like Sherlock was being an idiot. “And I’m a doctor. I’d know if this was bad, and it’s not. Babies get colds all the time. It’s because of their immune systems.” John’s lips quirked up in amusement. “Do you not have that stored in your Mind Palace?”
“Really,” The corner of Sherlock’s lips quirked up. “I definitely did it at least six times.”
He sits down in his chair and settles against the cushions. Sherlock raises an eyebrow, but doesn’t say anything. Justifying his actions feels pointless, so he doesn’t. Sherlock probably understands anyway.
“Just be careful with it,” he said. “I’ll check it again in the morning.”
"I do.” John frowned. “Do people not think that?”
When I posted the last chapter, I was nearing the end of my school year. Finals took up a lot of my time, and then I was home for two weeks, but I was fried and couldn't focus on much. Then, mid-May, I went to Greece for a month-long school program. I'm currently studying to be a screenwriter, and this trip was for screenwriters so it was PERFECT. It was THE most amazing experience of my entire life, but I had to put all of my creative energy into my project for the class. Near the end of the program, I made the worst mistake ever and accidentally deleted all the notes I had for this story. Thankfully, I had my immediate plans worked out on my head, but I really need to go back to the drawing board and map some things out. This put a damper on things, which is why this update is coming so long after I've gotten home. There you have it, that's all there is to it. I hope it all made sense, as I'm writing this at almost 3am and I'm quite tired.
But now. Now, John was telling him otherwise. And Sherlock could see, could feel in his bones, that John was telling the truth.
pleased at being picked up and kept kicking her little legs around with such ferocity that John was a little afraid Sherlock would accidentally drop her. “It’s not far.”
He knew exactly what Sherlock was referring to. He’d replayed that moment in his head countless times.
Sherlock turned to him and gathered both of John’s hands in his. “John…”
No, he couldn’t be. He could acknowledge that in those days when it was just the two of them at Baker Street, he had developed some feelings, but they fell apart in the aftermath of Sherlock’s fall. He’d met Mary and pushed aside whatever he had felt for Sherlock. And that was how it had been ever since.
She shook her head in amazement. “I just – I’ve never seen you do housework.”
“You want to know more about me.”
“Look,” Greg said, cutting off John’s unfinished thought. “Somehow, you made an impression on him. He trusts you. This is a huge deal, John.” He smiled. “You wanted the opportunity to help him. It seems to me like you’re off to a good start.”
"I solve them better with it.” Sherlock crossed his arms over his chest, daring Greg to question him again.
“Still.” He poked at his food with his fork. “You’ve been a lifesaver recently. I owe you. Several times over.”
He grunted when the body of his six-year-old daughter jumped on top of him. She pulled herself up on all fours and hovered above him, her mouth stretched into a toothy grin.
“If the next words out of your mouth are ‘and you should be sympathetic,’ I’ll kick you out.”
“Okay, okay,” he said, reentering the sitting room with two steaming mugs in his hands. He set Rosie’s on the coffee table beside her before settling onto the couch. “Go on then.”
~~~~~~
John gritted his teeth together. His fingers itched at his side. Somewhere, deep down, he felt sick.
John was silent for a moment, and Sherlock thought he was going back over the fateful day. Reconsidering his memories. Sherlock let him, didn’t say anything.
“Joining us for bath time?” Sherlock asked, Rosie perched on his hip. Normally John would sit on the toilet while Sherlock bathed Rosie. Not being able to participate was difficult, but he enjoyed watching. Nothing amused him more than seeing Sherlock get covered in bathwater due to Rosie’s excited splashing.
“Yes, of course he would. He’s a prick like that.” Sherlock gazed at him pleadingly. “Ignore it.”
“D-da,” a plaintive, little voice said. John’s eyes widened. Sherlock tore his gaze away from John and looked down.
John is in the process of sitting up when he realizes his room is too quiet.
John nodded. “I do. As many times as you’re able. Though that doesn’t solve what I’ll do at night.” He snorted. “You should just move in.”
John didn’t speak until they were two blocks away from his house. “So. You talked to your brother.”
This man just wouldn’t stop. Sherlock hadn’t expected any of this when he first came over, but he couldn’t say he was against it. Not if it meant they were finally talking.
“What about your mother?”
“I bet Lestrade has.”
As much as Sherlock hated to admit it, Mycroft’s tone unnerved him. He sat down on the edge of the bed. “Go on then.”
John’s stomach dropped. He sank into a chair before his knees could buckle. “Tell me,” he whispered. Louder, he added, “I need to know. I’ve spent the past eleven days wondering and panicking and – just tell me.”
John tore his gaze away from Rosie and nearly let his jaw drop. Sherlock was laden with so many bags that he didn’t know how he managed to get everything, plus Rosie, from the store to the car. Sherlock didn’t pay attention to his shock as he strode into the kitchen, setting all the bags onto the table.
John knew he would regret it the moment he said it. “I can try and help him.”
“I’d rather you tell me.”
From that moment on, John allowed himself to indulge in little touches here and there. When Sherlock was laid up in bed with the shakes, John wiped his curls back from his sweaty for head and let his fingertips linger. When they sat side by side in the mess hall, John pressed their arms together. When Sherlock had fallen out of the canoe, John kept his arm around his shoulders for a while after, claiming it was to keep Sherlock warm. (It wasn’t.)
John was watching them thoughtfully. “On second thought, go ahead.”
Then he heard it. A faint thump, from downstairs. Every single one of John’s nerves jumped to high alert. His muscles tensed. He quieted his breathing.
“It’s clean in here,” Lestrade said after a while. “I’ve never seen it this clean.”
“No one has ever called me beautiful before,” Sherlock said.
“Lunch?” John asked. “Since Molly’s got Rosie?”
Mycroft gave him a smile so faint it was hardly there. “Incredibly so.”
Her eyelids were drooping. He watched as he talked, still walking back and forth.
John seemed to be waiting for Sherlock to continue, but when Sherlock didn’t, he spoke. “How are you feeling about it now?”
“Don’t think like that. Those are dangerous thoughts to have, especially in a mind like yours.” He squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “You want to protect me, and I want to protect you. So, let’s protect each other
He watched as her hair shortened and shifted from red to silver. As her eye color changed and was covered by glasses. As her flirtatious smile curved into a maniacal smirk.
“I miss him,” she whispered, her tiny finger tracing John’s face. “He promised me he wouldn’t be away for a long time.”
“Expecting anyone?” John asked, which was kind of ridiculous considering how it was
If Lestrade was shocked, he hid it well. If anything, he seemed confused. “Wait. You told John you’re gay, and he just left?”
“You have a favorite? My god, things have gotten worse than I thought.”
“Did Father Christmas visit you last night?”
John studied Sherlock for a moment, his head tilting to the side. Sherlock saw the exact moment that soldierly resolve entered his brain, like he’d made up his mind, for John squared his shoulders, stepped up to Sherlock, and kissed his cheek.
“Oi!” John was grinning despite himself. “I’ve gotten better.”
“Yeah,” he said roughly. “Yeah, let’s go.”
“Still not understanding how you lost him.” John didn’t even try to keep the bitterness from his voice. Mycroft glared at him.
Sleep sounded quite nice, but he needed Sherlock to understand. “’m sorry,” he said again. “I don’t care that you’re gay. It doesn’t matter.”
“Yes, it –”
"Three years, though this will be my last. I turned eighteen last April.”
Silence rang down the line as Sherlock processed this. Dread began to creep up his spine, and suddenly all he could imagine was John lying on the floor of his therapist’s office, bleeding out onto the carpet.
“You don’t have to say anything. I wasn’t even going to, but I kinda ruined that for myself.”
John chuckled. “I know, I kind of hate it.”
Sherlock slid his plate out of the way and clasped his hands together. “Then what is?”
If John had noticed that simple, perfect moment between his daughter and his best friend, he didn’t comment on it. He instead took Rosie from Sherlock and slipped away while Sherlock looked at the scene before him.
“Oh.” John shifted on the couch and held his left arm out. “I can hold her.”
“You’re thinking too hard,” Sherlock said. John looked up, caught.
And John needed Sherlock.
“Hmm. And I heard you try reasoning with her. Have you gotten stern?”
“We’re not running,” John said. “That’s the whole reason why he’s staying here. So we can’t run.”
“We’re having dinner,” said John. His tone suggested he was restraining himself. Sherlock couldn’t fathom why.
he thought.
Seemingly getting a bit more confident, John replied, “Well that’s just not fair.”
John quirked an eyebrow up. “Yeah, but she’s barely one. She doesn’t get it.”
“Hopefully together,” John said, his heart warming at the thought. “I’m going to ask to move back into Baker Street with him.”
he thought.
Sherlock blinked, and John realized he’d caught him off-guard. It was kind of amazing, but he also felt a bit bad. Things had been going so well, but now the mood shifted. At the mere mention of the third Holmes sibling, the room somehow got more stifling.
It’s like clockwork: Every night, around 2:30, Penny will wake him up with her shrill cries, and John will get up to calm her down. It had gotten to the point where he woke automatically, before she even uttered a single whimper, which explains his wakefulness now.
“Is this Sherlock Holmes?” a crisp female voice asked. His frown deepened.
“Thank you so much for coming,” he heard John murmur.
Like a birthday candle.
Greg smiled wryly. “You say that now. Just wait until your first group session.”
“You could take more time.” John wiped his eyes. “If you needed it.”
John looked up into Sherlock’s eyes and had the air torn from his lungs. There was so much understanding and compassion in those damn eyes. They were gentle and pained and
Lestrade shook his head as if to say,
The simple admission fell from him easily, and he focused on adjusting his rolled-up shirtsleeves to avoid seeing John’s reaction.
about this that makes him feel utterly content, even if seconds ago he’d been having the worst panic of his life. One might think that Sherlock Holmes with a baby is something that would seem unnatural, but this is perfect.
Like John said, Rosie’s cold began to fade over the next couple of days. He had pulled out the humidifier and plugged it in in her room, and he sent Sherlock to the store for some saline drops to help clear her nose. Sherlock ached to give her proper medicine, because he knew it would help, but John said babies couldn’t take it.
“You don’t have to apologize,” Sherlock says, catching John off-guard. He shakes his head.
“Dinner’s ready,” John called.
“You’ve sent him on a wild goose chase!” John gestured to the map, the black Xs mocking him while also strangely giving him a small amount of comfort. “This was supposed to be a simple mission, one you had complete control over, but she’s playing you!”
“Hey.” John nodded toward Rosie. “Little ears.”
He sank back onto the mattress and stared up at the ceiling. The odds of either of those things happening were incredibly slim, but they would keep him sober. Because if there was even a shred of a chance that Sherlock would need him, he had to be ready. He’d let Sherlock down too many times.
Sherlock’s shoulders drooped. John waited.
Rosie blinked at him. “Da.”
"Yes,
“It might be.” They were still close enough to each other that Sherlock’s breath was hitting John’s face. They hadn’t been this close since the night Sherlock left, when things had been on the precipice of something new. The thought made John’s heart beat faster. Now that Sherlock was home, they could move forward and become something new. John could change it all right now by closing the gap between their mouths.
(See the end of the chapter for
John coughed and shot Sherlock a reproving look that he could practically feel. With a sigh, he snapped the file shut and looked at Lestrade. “Go ahead and ask me to help.”
He was staring so intently at the floor that he didn’t notice how close Sherlock had gotten until his chin was being tilted up and he was looking into Sherlock’s eyes. His breath got caught somewhere in his chest.
“Okay,” said Lestrade, mercifully letting things go. He seemed to sense he’d pushed Sherlock enough. “Just don’t keep it bottled up so much next time, okay? I’m only a phone call away if you need me.”
John had been unable to say no after that, and within twenty-four hours he and Penny had been installed in 221B.
“Merry Christmas, my darlings. Merry Christmas.”
Sherlock hasn’t moved. The faint blush on his cheeks is gone, and his eyes are stuck on the doorway. They widen almost imperceptibly when John reappears. He hadn’t expected him to come back.
“Excuse me?”
“Sherlock is actually my middle name,” he admitted. “My parents thought they were being clever by giving me an archaic name.”
John turned her nightlight on and left the door open a crack before retreating to his own room. For the first time in days, he fell asleep easily.
John smiled and patted the bed beside him. Sherlock crossed the room and sat down, close enough so their knees touched. John immediately linked their hands again, just because he could, and because he needed to remind himself that Sherlock was really there, alive and whole.
Instead he hung up and began to pack.
However, Sherlock was thrown for a loop when John looked up at him and smiled. The smile wasn’t as easy as it could have been, and the weariness in his eyes didn’t go away, but it was genuine. Sherlock no longer knew what to think. After all this time, John Watson was still a mystery to him.
He really hated himself sometimes.
“Are you surprised?” John asked. Sherlock thought about it, then shook his head.
Though, if John had anything to do with it, they wouldn’t be separated for very long.
“Look,” John said. His addled brain made it difficult to properly voice his thoughts. “Whatever Sherlock feels about me is… wrong. It’s all wrong.”
“Feelings she had – has – for
Then it hit him. A tiny cry had reached his ears, the kind of cry that belonged to a seven-month-old girl.
Lestrade sounded surprised. “Did Sherlock not tell you? About how the case ended?”
where the noises are coming from. It might interest her.”
“I’m afraid not.”
Sherlock nodded. “The same rule applies to you. You can’t keep things locked up inside.”
“I’ll take her upstairs,” Sherlock murmured. John nodded, and his eyes flicked down to his sling with a look of pure loathing. Carefully holding her to his body, Sherlock stood from the couch and carried her to the stairs. Just before he disappeared up them, he saw John look away quickly, fixing his gaze resolutely on the telly.
“Thanks,” he said, taking it from her while keeping Rosie secure with one arm. Molly gestured for him to sit, which he did. He settled Rosie onto his lap, brushing another kiss over her head. He was feeling extra affectionate today.
“This is what happened to you when you were dead?”
Sherlock looked at him. “My first what?”
He said it so matter-of-factly. John was amazed.
“Stop being so dramatic and say it.”
Those words struck a chord in Sherlock. He knew over recent years he’d managed to gain a few people he could possibly consider as friends, but having someone openly admit it – and so easily too – was still a rare occurrence. But it was true. He and Lestrade were friends. It made Sherlock happier than he thought it would.
“Thank you.”
John’s fingers curled into fists as he willed himself not to release every ounce of rage bundled up inside him. The need to make Sherlock understand was overwhelming. John could feel it welling up, threatening to swallow him whole. It was terrifying. It was what happened to him in the morgue, when he unleashed his emotions and struck Sherlock repeatedly. He’d hurt someone who – admittedly – did not deserve it. Someone who was – for a time – his best friend and maybe something more. Even now he regretted it. The healing cut on Sherlock’s face was a sharp reminder of what he was capable of when he lost control. It sickened him. The self-loathing had always been there, but he was certain it had reached its peak at that moment.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m afraid you’ve rather slowed my brain down,” Sherlock admitted, feeling a bit foolish. John’s laugh made him feel better.
John’s blood boiled when he saw Mycroft sitting behind his desk, which was littered with maps and files. He also didn’t seem surprised to see John, though there was a hint of resignation in his eyes as he shut the folder he was flicking through and set it aside.
Sherlock’s anger flared up. He was practically seeing red, and he had John’s hand in a viselike grip.  “Don’t you
John gaped at him. “A security risk? What are you talking about?”
John just needed to have faith in him. Sherlock had always returned to him in the past, even when it seemed impossible. There was no reason he wouldn’t do the same now. John had to believe in that. In fact, he clung to it.
“Will you tell me something?” asked John. Sherlock looked at him, a silent question in his eyes. John took a deep breath and tried not to fiddle with his sling. “Who was that friend you had when you were seven?”
“I know, that’s why I took the liberty of getting her tonight.” Sherlock’s eyes sweep over John. “You haven’t been getting much sleep lately. I thought you might want to get through the night without waking up.”
“But I want you to understand,” John said, so softly.
“I will. Thanks, Molly.”
Lestrade scoffed, and John faced him, leaning back against the sink. There was a fight brewing, and he was ready. He craved it, in a sickening way.
“But you’re telling me now.”
John recoiled. He’d always made it a point to make sure Sherlock knew he wasn’t defective in any way. But now that he pointed it out, it was clear to John that he’d ruined that.
"Really? You know Harry?”
That simple sentence sent a tremor through Sherlock’s heart. For the second time that day, he was stunned at the level of trust John put in him, after everything he had done. It was incredible.
He smiled and tapped her nose. “Merry Christmas, love.”
“He’ll be okay,” he said quietly. “He has to be. He made me a promise he would come back.”
Except that was exactly what he was doing. Because Rosie wasn’t his daughter.
“She could know everyone on this earth,” John said, focusing on Rosie, “and you would still be one of her favorite people.”
John inhaled shakily. Sherlock could tell he was debating with himself, uncertain about whether or not he should argue against the compliment or not. He squeezed John’s hand, and John’s shoulders sagged.
The minute he’d shut his bedroom door behind him, Sherlock regretted it. What would have happened if he had stayed? What would John have said? What would he have done? Sherlock had a desperate desire to know, but he couldn’t just walk back out. That would make him look even more pathetic than he already felt. Instead, he laid down on his bed, turned on his side, and stared at the door. He strained his ears for possible sounds of footsteps coming down the hall, but he only caught a door closing. Molly turned up two minutes later, and he pretended to be asleep.
Sherlock shrugged. “‘Freak’ and ‘prick’ are common picks.”
“I’m fine,” he gasped. He rubbed his eyes with his free hand and willed his breathing to go back to normal. Molly knew better than to point out she knew he wasn’t and simply nodded.
John opened his eyes and turned to see Molly in the doorway, a steaming mug in her hand. She held it up, silently asking if he wanted it. A result of him being over frequently was she knew exactly how he took his coffee.
“Shut up,” interrupted John. “Just shut up. I’m so tired of playing this game with you. I just want a straight answer. Yes or no. It’s not hard.”
“Aww,” John said. “I’m sorry.” He didn’t sound very sorry, in Sherlock’s opinion.
he say? No words seemed appropriate. They all felt false and awkward, and John just wanted Sherlock to stop
If John Watson had met Mycroft Holmes on that very same day, they might’ve gotten along. Shared experiences tended to bond people, and at that moment in time, they both had a lot in common.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw John stiffen at his words. When he spoke, however, his voice was light.
“Not fully,” he admitted, his lowered inhibitions pushing him on. “I still like women. But I like men too.”
“Don’t answer.”
“I miss living with you too, Sherlock.”
“Absolutely nothing,” John replied honestly. “But I think I should at least try.”
“I want to say sorry,” Lestrade said, and John could practically picture his remorseful face. “I said I was going to watch out for him, and I didn’t do a great job.”
John leaned back against the couch, cocking an eyebrow. “Okay. Go on.”
“You can’t run from him forever,” she said gently. “Maybe you’re overthinking it. Maybe you just need to jump into it.”
Sherlock wanted to say that he had a solution, that all John needed to do was
“Also,” Sherlock plowed on, making his voice gruff once again. “I don’t know if it’s escaped your notice, but two days ago, he did
John shook his head. “No, Greg, that wasn’t what I meant.”
"It’s beautiful out here,” John said. Sherlock sniffed.
there was something very wrong.
John thinks. He isn’t ready for the fantasy to end. But, would he ever be ready?
It was out of his mouth before he could stop it. “William Sherlock Scott Holmes.” His eyes widened. He’d never told anyone the whole of it.
After getting directions to the cabin, John set out in search of one Sherlock Holmes. The midday sun beat down between high leaves as John strode down the correct path. The camp was located somewhere deep in the English countryside, where everything was peaceful and quiet all the time. It was a far cry from the constant, frenetic movement of London. John wasn’t sure whether he liked it or not.
“Still,” Sherlock insisted. “She isn’t my daughter. I have no right to just take her whenever I see fit.”
Rosie came to a stop in front of him, stopping him from finishing his sentence. She had a fistful of grass in her hand. Reaching up, John gently pried it from her and, with a small, hastily put on smile, rubbed the ends of the grass against her cheek. Rosie squealed with delight and batted the grass away. He then drew the strands down her nose. She clapped her hands together excitedly.
Something cushy hit his knee, and he looked down. Rosie grinned up at him as she raised her stuffed dog into the air before bringing it back down onto his knee. Despite the ache in his chest, he couldn’t help but smile back.
“You really think that?”
“Isn’t that the nice thing to do when someone is recovering from a terrible incident?”
John snorted, though it wasn’t out of any real amusement. “He left early this morning and I’m actually grateful for it because I don’t know what to say to him.”
The man in front of him in line was taking
“Greg. Drop it.”
“Oh?” John echoed, the anxiety growing in his eyes. Sherlock closed his mouth and hastened to reply.
A terrible thought sprang into his mind. Eurus could be in his house. She could’ve gotten tired of messing with Sherlock and decided to take out John for her own entertainment. John’s heartbeat quickened.
“When were you in Serbia?” John tried to think back to a time when Sherlock could have been there long enough to have sustained those injuries. He found an answer the same moment Sherlock confirmed it.
“She was your baby sister,” John said. “Makes sense.”
Sherlock staggered in, and at first glance he seemed perfectly normal. Dark curls mussed, no doubt having had hands run through them countless times over the course of the day. Pale skin, bright eyes, Belstaff wrapped around a thin frame. John felt a smile spread across his face.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how they had gotten to this point. The air between them was now thick with a history Sherlock had never been made privy to and John probably didn’t like reliving. There was an ache in Sherlock’s chest that wanted to know everything about John and where he came from, but he also had a strong desire to keep John from feeling any pain.
John looked up from the letter he was writing to his mum to watch Greg pace the length of their cabin. It was the fourth day of camp, just after group, and Greg had been ranting nonstop for fifteen minutes.
Rosie’s bedtime was two hours ago, and Sherlock wasn’t back.
Sherlock wondered.
(Not that he’d allowed himself to dwell much on that. He wasn’t ready for that emotional mess.)
Stepping out of the black car, Sherlock Holmes squinted as he took in his surroundings. Teenagers milled about on the lawn before him, a vast majority looking just as repulsed as he felt. Most of them were making a last-ditch attempt to convince their parents to take them home, while a small few had already accepted their fate and were dutifully lugging trunks and bags into picturesque cabins.
Molly was reading a book when John and Sherlock returned from lunch. They burst through the door, laughing in ways Molly hadn’t heard in far too long. She slowly turned the page and closed the book, trying to look casual and like she wasn’t at all bursting with happiness at the sight of them.
“I expected you to call sooner,” said Lestrade as soon as he picked up. “Hell, I expected a call last night.”
“I suppose I love my parents,” said Sherlock, flatly. “And I might say I love my brother, but only if under extreme duress and possible threat of life. There’s also Mrs. Hudson, and-”
John stared at him for a moment longer, gauging his sincerity, before nodding.
Sherlock carefully extricated himself from John’s arms, grateful that John didn’t stir, and slipped out of the room. The floorboards creaked beneath his bare feet, a comforting sound that brought a small smile to his lips. It was strange, but he had missed this house almost as much as he did its inhabitants. While it couldn’t hold a candle to Baker Street, it was nice in its own way.
The silence that filled the air now was not nearly as nice.
Today was no exception with the coffee, but something was amiss. Sherlock’s eyes swept over John, seeking an answer. The dark circles under his eyes told Sherlock he hadn’t gotten much sleep, and the tightness in his mouth signaled something was consuming his thoughts. His hair, more rumpled than normal, indicated he had been tugging on it frequently, and he hadn’t even attempted to take care of his stubble.
“I had a good reason,” he said, staring at his hand. He heard Lestrade come closer, and he wordlessly stepped out of the way when Lestrade picked up the kettle and filled it.
“I thought you just meant you didn’t like relationships. Or that you weren’t good at them.”
“She probably needs to be changed,” said John, trying to feel her diaper. This was proving to be quite difficult, because he didn’t have his right arm available to hold onto her when she attempted to run away.
“No, I don’t think so,” he replies. “I just thought she might want to come back down here.”
John was silent, and Sherlock wondered if he had said the wrong thing. He peered over his shoulder, trying to figure it out.
He looked down at Rosie and found her staring up at him, as though transfixed by his voice. It wasn’t the first time he’d caught her looking at him like that, yet he still found it fascinating.
But Sherlock
“Four more days,” John replied, and Sherlock felt like the floor had dropped out from under him.
Sherlock smiled and got into the front seat.
watching John get all soft and – quite frankly – adorable when Rosie beamed up at him, knowing he wasn’t really a part of their world. It was
"Sounds simple enough.”
“She picked up that we were onto her and tried to run away. We chased him, but I was faster and cornered her in an alley. I started talking to her, waiting for her to confess to the murders. I didn’t even see the knife until she jammed it into my side.”
“It isn’t,” Sherlock grumbled. “It didn’t go very far before I punched her.”
The heartbreak was something he’d been living with for a while, but in the span of time when John hadn’t been living with him, it was almost manageable. He could push it down and pretend it didn’t exist, that it didn’t matter. All of that had been ruined the moment he started living with John again.
“I just really appreciate all you’re doing for us,” he said honestly. “It means a great deal to me. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
His gut churned the closer he got, and it took a great deal of effort to stop clenching his hand. His experiences with Harry didn’t make him particularly excited to try his hand at another tortured teenager.
John felt a bit of his hope return, and before he could chicken out, he took Sherlock’s hand and squeezed. Sherlock’s head snapped up.
“If it’s untrue, then why have you barely spoken to me since I arrived? Why are you sitting so far? Why are you focusing so hard on your laptop but not actually absorbing any of it?” He tilted his head. “Why, John?”
It took Sherlock far too long to realize John just implied that he wanted Sherlock to be around Rosie more. By the time he’d worked it out, John was already murmuring softly to Rosie, his attention no longer on Sherlock.
John’s gaze had briefly drifted to Rosie, still playing happily on the carpet. At Sherlock’s question, he turned back, his brows furrowing slightly. “Next?”
"Look, Sherlock,” he said. “You’re already stuck here for seven weeks. Regardless of whether or not you believe you need the help, someone who cares about you obviously does. So maybe you should just give it a go.”
Sherlock was admittedly really okay with that.
“Isn’t it? You said two days ago that you aren’t a good man, and you used the way you’ve been treating Rosamund as an example.” Sherlock glanced at him. “It’s getting rather repetitive.”
John swallowed and didn’t dare look away from Sherlock as he gave a tight nod. Somehow, the movement made him feel lighter.
John pressed his lips together, as if suppressing a smile. Why he would be smiling in that moment, Sherlock didn’t know. “Mucus, Sherlock. It’s a part of getting sick. Again, not a big issue. I’ve got a humidifier we can set up in here for her, and there are some drops we can get for her nose.”
“You need rest,” Sherlock said, and the softness in his voice nearly brought John to tears. “I’ll tell the doctor you woke up for a bit. You can sleep now.”
And probably a bit of betrayal. Which was unfair, but then again, he’d never been good at controlling his emotions.
Mycroft exhaled through his nose. “John –”
Every night, ever since they had brought Rosie home, John and Mary got in the habit of turning on the baby monitors and situating them in two spots. One went in Rosie’s room, on her changing table. The other stayed in their room, on either of their nightstands. Since Mary’s death, the monitor was always on John’s side of the bed.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed. He sent a cursory look over his shoulder to check on Rosie’s progress (getting within the danger zone, but still safe) before responding.
Instead, he ended up with an empty bed and a silent house. He knew he should sleep, but every time he closed his eyes, he saw Sherlock being shot or worse. He saw Sherlock being taken away from him forever.
“True.” John paused. When he spoke again, his voice was sincerer. “I owe you a great deal. I may not have liked everything that led to it, but I do really appreciate what you’ve done for me.”
At Baker Street, silences never used to be a problem. Hours would pass by without John and Sherlock speaking a single word to each other. Whether this was due to Sherlock working in his Mind Palace or John typing out a blog post, both men felt comfortable and secure in the quiet that surrounded them. It was a peaceful sort of quiet, the kind that came from familiarity and contentedness. They never felt the need to fill it with pointless words or excessive noises.  Everything had been perfect just as they were.
“Sherlock?” John prompted when the silence got to be too long. “You’re – you’re still in there, right? Give me a sign.”
“You’ve talked things through, then?”
“How’s the shoulder?” she asked. “Do you need more medication?”
trying. He’s stubborn.”
“Perhaps it is,” she replied. “But do you think prolonging it will make things any easier?”
John this, but he supposed that on the rare occasions when John had made it back when they lived together, the fact that he would eat it without complaint or force must have been an indicator that he was fond of it. But for John to remember it and make it for him now…
<><><>
“Continue,” he prompted.
John froze, feeling the tension between them break. A rush of mortification rose up in him, and he ducked his head.
“But that’s exactly why he is remarkable,” Sherlock said, the words coming out easier than he’d thought they would. “I was just as astounded as you were. The thought that someone like him could be so fascinating… I never would have considered it. He wears jumpers, for God’s sake. And watches
Just that morning, Sherlock Holmes had woken up from a dream where he was married to John Watson.
Sherlock was glad John barely flinched at that. “But that’s just the thing. Every time you and I make a tiny bit of progress, we go days without seeing each other and we end up at the very beginning. Maybe this would help us move forward instead of backward.”
John was feeling pretty confident about it as he got into bed that night, but when he woke up several hours later, shocked out of a dream in which Sherlock bled at his feet, he felt doomed.
The something else was what baffled John even more than Sherlock’s unerring interest in him. John had known from the first moment he met Sherlock that Sherlock was beautiful. With eyes and cheekbones like that, how could anyone think he wasn’t?
Mycroft sighed again. Sherlock wished he wouldn’t. “There’s no use in arguing against it. You’re attending this camp, and that is final.”
“Watson,” he said, trying not to lose his patience. “If you do not eat this admittedly disgusting food, I will not let you watch those mind-numbing cartoons you like so much.” He thought that was how someone was supposed to rationalize with children. Wasn’t it? Rosie’s face didn’t change, so maybe he had his information wrong.
“Not until I know that you and Rosamund are safe.”
“Would that be the worst thing in the world?”
Sherlock sighed, and after a moments deliberation, nodded. John paused, trying to find a way to say it delicately. Though, really, there was no way to bring this particular topic up delicately, but after everything that had happened – everything he’d done – he needed to know more. There was a text thread on his phone that he had not deleted yet, and any time he considered it he found himself hesitating before going through with it. Why, exactly, he wasn’t sure.
“What would you like to eat?” Sherlock asked as he rummaged through John’s cabinets. They were embarrassingly low on food, seeing as John hadn’t been home in days. (And before that, he hadn’t been in the mood for eating much.)
“Did you have a good time, love?” Rosie grinned up at him and waved Sherlock’s scarf around. It looked damp in several places, leading John to believe she’d had it in her mouth.
