“U-Umm…should I have to reveal my secret identity to the rest of the Avengers or not?” He asked, already fearing of showing himself to the rest of the Avengers. Especially towards his biological dad who was working for SHIELD. Nick raised him a brow before saying.
Tony felt like he wanted to struggle Nick right here, right now.
A hiss from Natasha shut the archer and the billionaire up. Bruce chortled.
“I’m sure everyone here knows Spiderman, correct?” he asked the rest of the Avengers only to receive a string of nods and murmurs whereas Tony snorted and said. “Who wouldn’t? The guy was like what? Everywhere! In the newspaper, in the news, Time magazines… So what the deal with this kid?” Tony asked.
“Hmm…must be a tough job being the head or the CEO of a company, especially with someone like this?” Peter joked a little, earning him a chuckle from Clint (though Peter didn’t hear it), since Clint was pretending to be mute.
Tony sighed before saying. “We don’t have a choice Hawkeye.  Plan C is more important right now.” he said.
“You’re right.” Steve said. “It’s might be that he’s a student here.” Natasha nonchalantly established. “It could be.” Tony had frozen and clogged his argument with Clint at the mention of that. “So… You’re saying that our guy could be none other than a kid?” Tony asked.
He thought.
Peter thought of it before looking at Steve with a hopeful look. “Really?” He asked. Steve nodded his head with a smile. Well, maybe it wasn’t that bad. He never had anyone, or a father figure to call them as his dad before. So why not?
They got inside the office as the principal let Natasha sit on one of the chairs. He excused himself to go and get Miss Stacy. Just then there was a knock on his door as he said. “Yes?” He asked once the door slightly ajar. His secretary’s head peaked in, informing “Sir, Mr. Banner’s here to see you.” She said. The principal frowned before saying. “Let’s him in, Tina.” He gestured. Once Bruce stepped inside, Natasha sent a ‘what are you doing here’ glance. Bruce shrugged weakly, sending a calm nod her way.
Sorry about killing May here. But it was necessary. The story will get better on the next chapter.  And sorry about the whole angst part on May, :V
He thought as he pulled out his bow and arrow, aiming one on Spiderman who noticed it and quickly dodged his attack. He kept shooting his target but his mark sidestepped each of his arrows.
The couple went inside and began to look for any evidence they could find.
Oh! And one more thing? I would like to say many, many thank to WookieCookie for being my beta. :) I'm happy for all your hard work on editing this story and for being my Beta. :)
“Yes sir.” JAVRIS voice could be heard from above as the AI began to examine the feed as everyone watched it.
“Tony. We need to talk.” Steve said as he walked towards their bed, placing down the tray on the nightstand table. He turned to face Tony to lay a hand on Tony’s knee to get his attention.
“Hey, big guy.” Tony casually said. “Good morning, Tony, Steve.” Peter heard Bruce say. Peter stared wide eyes at Steve. ‘Steve?! As in the ‘Steve Rogers-Stark?’ Tony Stark’s husband?’ His poor heart couldn’t take any more of these surprises. Steve soon noticed Peter; a smile found its way to his face and Steve was surprised at how genuine it was. “So this is the kid you were talking about.” He beamed. They were doing their act and the plan seemed to be working.
“I wish I could stay longer.” Her words were gentle and genuine when her hand brushed his hair.
“Y-You’re right.” Steve said. Tony looked away as he huffed, affronted. Clint nodded. “Okay, now why don’t we all go back to Peter, alright?”
son with anyone other than Steve, of course. Peter should only look at
Tony nodded. They continued to talk more about the little information the girls had found in their research. When it was almost midnight, Tony and Steve had told the others to head back to their home.
PS: I have also updated the new edited version of chapter one by WookieCookie. :)
“Why don’t we go back to the kitchen and have that steak Steve is making.” Tony said. Peter smiled and followed his father back to the kitchen.
. S.H.I.L.E.D. had assured to assist them look for Peter and bring him back to them. Unfortunately, months passed and they couldn’t find their little Peter. Steve couldn’t get over it. Tony tried his best to be strong for the both of them even though that he was the one who gave birth to him (the pain he felt was tenfold) but failed miserably as he went back to consume alcohol like he used to before the holy matrimony.
When Peter finally calmed down from his laugher, he replied, slowly explaining to Harry about the whole Intern things as both boys talked throughout the whole night.
their Son Peter has the same name as our little Peter? Just a coincidence that they had a son, a child out of the blue? Didn’t you hear what Richard said? He told us Mary; Peter’s mother couldn’t have a baby. She was infertile. Maybe yes, Mary had told her husband that they didn’t want to adopt a child before, because of their job.”
“…so that’s our guy?” Tony asked as they watched Peter heading towards the school. “Yup.” Clint said. “Might as well ask students later between or after school?” Steve probed. “Good idea, cap.” Natasha got out of the car as everyone turned to stare at her. “What are you doing Tasha?” Tony’s brows contorted.
“Son of a bitch!” Tony screamed and started rampaging.
“Shut up Iron Man!” Clint replied. “Guys! Stop it! This is no time for an argument. And Iron Man, stop teasing Hawkeye and get back to work!” Steve commanded. “Gee, Cap, chill down. I’m working on it. So Hawkeye did you finally place the tracking device on Spiderman?” He asked.
Bruce couldn’t help but to be amused at that. “I know. My first time was the same too. You’ll get used to it sooner or later. Later than sooner, I assume.” He smirked. “Maybe?” Peter hesitantly slurred. Just then Bruce heard familiar footsteps while Peter was dumbstruck at the sight. Walking towards them was none other than Tony Stark himself in all his glory (In that AC/DC shirt of his again) and a familiar blond man (Peter was sure he had seen him somewhere before) following not close behind.
Soon they found information about the Parker couple, but not without Tony’s help, Tony had hacked the security camera for a reason so Steve and the others wouldn’t get caught snooping and scavenging around.
Though he did wonder if his father even knew Mr. Reed Richard was Mr. Fantastic himself. But who was he kidding? Tony Stark was working with SHIELD and probably an Avenger himself as well so he doubted Tony didn’t know any of the Avengers.
He sighed as he got out of his and his wife’s bed. Susan was still fast asleep. A smile on his face when he caressed his wife’s face, getting up and deciding to have a morning coffee. He walked out of their bedroom silently and closed the door softly. He slowly walked down the hallway only to pause in his spot when he passed by his teenage son’s bedroom.
) Tony said, which made Steve’s eyebrow twitch in annoyance, but before the couple could begin their lover spat, Bruce interjected them off with a groan and pleaded,
But before Steve left - “Uh, Hank, Brain can you two take my place for a while and continue on with the meeting. Iron Man and I will go and need to talk to Nick Fury with something.” Steve politely directed.
“How’d the thing at the UN go today?” Steve asks Natasha and Rhodey after a while.
“What the…?” he mutters to himself. The space around him is familiar like a ghost, he’s staring at the old Avengers headquarters in the penthouse of the tower, back when Tony and he had formed the new team before the SHRA. The decor is subtly dated--there’s too much leather and track lighting--and the paintings of past teams on the walls that show every iteration of their costumes stop conspicuously a year ago. The wall behind him has been smashed, but the rest of it looks pristine and barely touched, nothing like how it did when the Avengers were here.
The air goes out of the room. Tony could have sworn that the restaurant was playing some sort of jazzy number in the background, but he can’t hear it anymore after the sound of his own heartbeat. “No,” he squeaks.
“Oh.” Tony pauses for a second. “I knew about the pain thing, but I never thought…” he trails off while he sorts out this new information in his head. He remembers the first time they slept together. “That’s what the prostate fixation is all about.”
“Is that all?” King T’Challa asks. Him, Princess Shuri, and Okoye are participating via a secure satellite connection.
In a different circumstance, Tony would want more time to perfect the little buggers he’s about to inject into himself. But this is I-don’t-have-another-choice sort of work, the type of desperate last-ditch effort Tony is too comfortable with. He doesn’t care about the consequences; he just wants to fix it.
“Because you already did.” Nathan nods at the Time GPS. “That’s your invention, right there.”
“It was fine,” Natasha says. “But you know what our conditions were for coming over tonight.”
like you.”
“There’s nothing they could have done.” He closes his eyes, takes a couple of breaths, and starts again. “It’s really not something to worry about. I just figured you should know in case it’s a problem. I don’t want you to think you did anything wrong.”
Tony has a lot of thoughts about that sentiment. “Did you just say you didn’t have a choice?”
still shows enough. Tony knows he should probably make some noise or splash around a little. That would be the honorable, above-board thing to do, at least.
, but he slowly slips his now soft dick out of Steve’s ass and collapses onto the bed next to Steve. “Fuck, that was good.” It takes a couple more breaths before he has the wherewithal to remove the condom. He looks around, trying to find a way to discard it without getting off the bed. Steve takes it out of his hand, deftly ties it, and aims it at a trash bin on the other end of the studio apartment. Because he’s Steve’s, he makes the shot.
With a deep breath he injects the nanobots before throwing the syringe in the workshop’s incinerator and calling for the suit. It envelops him, every piece clicks into place with finality.
“Stop, Tony.”
He doesn’t succeed
.” Tony talks out loud because his brain never stops shouting at him and he needs something to drown it out. “How does this compare to the last time?”
, Tony thinks. He’s sitting on a ton of other questions, in addition to some quips and a few jokes, but he can tell Steve’s touchy about the whole thing. This is honestly more information about Steve’s life and history than Tony’s ever heard coming out of his mouth. If he pushes too hard, he might never hear any of this again.
Steve Rogers.”
“We all wish we did things differently. Everything...it just escalated, and it was going to continue to escalate until something happened--”
“Makes sense,” Steve says, but it’s quiet and half into the pillow.
“As you know, Timely has lost a lot recently. It's not the same without the sheriff or Mr. Banner.” Wong spoke like he had all the time in the world. Tony tried not to think of the half-finished inventions waiting for him back at the workshop. “I’ve reached out to a good friend of mine to help us. He's a doctor."
Tony scowls and counters, “That’s an awful idea.” He rubs the heels of his hands into his eyes, some misguided attempt to make Steve disappear.
When Tony and the other went back to the Tower, they were greeted by group five. Logan and his group handed them a few of the files, video tapes, and documents that the SHEILD kept secret regarding the Parker couple. Tony was thankful for it, he told the rest of the group to get to the main lab on thirty-second floor. Bruce, along with Richard, followed Tony down to lab while Steve waited for the rest of the groups to come back and to inform them that Tony and the others were waiting for them.
PS: I'm all better now! :3 My cold finally disappear but I still have a sore throat. :(
He took out his resentment in a typical way; apprehending lawbreakers, throwing angry punches at them before hovering off once again. He wasn’t being snarky with his comments tonight. He just tried to calm his mind. He didn’t want to come back to Stark Tower with such a foul mood.
Once the blond was sure enough his husband managed to collect himself, Steve released him lightly, letting out a small sigh, knowing the others were watching them closely, preparing to lend a hand should both of the Starks in need for it. Steve was grateful for it, he really did. Tony looked he did too.
Peter cursed under his breath, “I…fine! I’ll join your stupid boy band. You don’t leave me a choice.” Peter huffed. Nick gave the kid a victory smirk.
“We also found out that Mr. and Mrs. Parker lived in a different town house, in Manhattan New York.” Jane nodded at that statement.
“Didn’t Coulson say someone encountered Spiderman and helped him find an antidote was a student from here? I remember I read it on the files.” Natasha said. “It’s better if we double check then so we can ask that person as well if he or she knows Spiderman.” Steve said which Natasha agreed.
Bruce had stayed the night here to make sure and keep an eye on the couple. He watched both Steve and Tony from afar; an understatement expression adorned his face. He could somewhat apprehend what both Tony and Steve were feeling and going through right now. After all, who in their right mind wouldn’t react the same way when you found out your son was being used as nothing but a tool to create another tool?
Tony eyed his husband suspiciously. “By ‘Right away’ you mean as in ‘Now’?” He asked which made Steve smile and nod his head. “Yes.” He simply said. Tony rolled his eyes. “Alright, Cap. I’ll be ready in a second… Just give me a few minute to get dressed before we head our way there.” He claimed as Steve bobbed his head. “All right… I’ll be in the living room if you needed anything.” Steve spoke, going downstairs and sitting in one of the satin armchairs in the living room while he was waiting for Tony.
“Francis, can you and Brain along with Clint and Logan go and search for this tag number, finds out it and to whom it belongs too?” Tony probed.
After dinner, Steve showed Peter his room for the night. The guestroom was right next to Steve and Tony’s bedroom.
There in the center beside Tony and Steve’s costumes was his new Spiderman suit. He stared, gaping at it. Three new Spiderman suits.
Tony sighed in disappointment at that before saying.  'So, what else did you and Bruce find?” He asked, “We’ve found something interesting about their spider experiment. Apparently the spider is not just any ordinary spider, is actually a radioactive Spider.” Richard said. Bruce was giving him the ‘No shit, Sherlock’ looks. “Thought we’re not sure what it can cause to a bitten person since the couple hadn’t tried it on anyone to test it: if being bitten by this radioactive spider could gain a person any mutant ability or if it a threat.” Richard tilted his head.
Peter read Richard Parker's journal and found out that Tony Stark was actually his biological mother who given birth to him. Then he was called for help from his fellow Avengers as he aid them, fighting against robot and Green Goblin? How will Peter handle things from there when he himself got injure from Green Goblin stab?
It was the Avengers’ mission, well, new mission. It was also the reason why they didn’t want the younger members to know about it.
“All right. Lucas, aren’t you going to greet your father?” Mathew asked. Frank saw the boy wave his hand. “It’s okay, Matt.” Frank said. He moved to place a hand on his son’s head and ruffle it, earning him an annoyed groan from the boy. “Dad! Knock it off!” Lucas chided. Frank just chuckled. “Sure thing, buddy.” Frank said before sitting beside his son on the couch.
“JARVIS, can you scan and find out the vehicle’s tag number and printed it right away.” Tony said.
“I…understand. D-Did mom and dad ever tell you who my real parents were? Their names? Their place? Anything?” He pleaded. He might be adopted and unwanted, yet, he was still curious of everything.
Peter thought. “That’s a relief.” He said. Soon, they went inside the elevator. Nick pressed the button to the conference room where he was sure the rest of the Avengers and young Avengers were waiting for them to arrive.
(Well… That went well. Now, where do we go from here? What if the kid is not actually our guy?) Steve’s voice frantic but the sound was cut off by his husband,
Tony didn’t give any reaction to the news. He was more vexed and uneasy seeing his son like this, broken and desperate and gods, if only Peter knew Tony would do anything, everything – he would even tear the world apart for his son – to wash away that awful expression from Peter’s face.
Probably in one of the many small meeting rooms Tony had in his building.
The scene changed into Peter; taking a rest, resting on a couch while listening to whatever it was playing on his music player. Headset on his ears as he tapped his fingers on his knees and- yeah. They could see Tony in the boy. Not just interior but exterior too. Logan grunted, babbling archer was right. The boy really was a mini version of Stark. Gods help them; one Stark was already a pain in the butt.
“Ah no… I just… Uh…fell off from my chair…?” Harry told his friend in a small tone.
Natasha glanced around the hallway. She noted the students were talking among each other before she spotted the principal in a deep conversation with a male student. The moment they were done, she made her way toward him. The headmaster of the school saw her making a beeline towards him.  “Yes? What can I do for you ma’am?” He asked. “Ah, yes. I’m Detectives Romanoff.” She said.  The man’s eyes squinted “What can I do for you, Detective?” He asked. “I’m here to ask about the incident three months ago? I actually work for the CSI-” Here, Natasha showed off her proficiently fake-designated badge, “-and they want me to investigate one of your students that was involved with the incident at Oscorp. If I’m not mistaken, she worked there as her part time job. And I think her name was--” She was interrupted by the man.
Peter watched both Nick and Coulson leave. Nova stayed behind and pulled out his cellphone, snapping a photo of Spiderman who looked weirdly at him. Nova flashed him a grin. Peter just shrugged his shoulder.
Hawkeye raised an eyebrow at him underneath his shade before saying. “Well sorry pal, but you kind of a distraction that cannot be ignored.” He said. “How the heck am ‘I a distraction to you?! I only want to save and help people.” Spiderman confessed. It amused Hawkeye.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I…guess…I don’t know that. They have never said much. So very secretive of your adoption process.”
“Where are you going to, Tony?” Clint asked.
Tony didn’t know why that comment flared something inside him but it felt as if Clint was implying Peter was like his son and dammit. Tony didn’t want anyone as his son. He wanted his Peter, his stolen little Peter that was taken from them fourteen years ago. No one could ever replace his blood-and-flesh son. Not just some random kid, albeit he came to care of this- this Peter. Plus, he didn’t want to worry Steve by strangling Clint. So he settled down with the lamest excuse,
While Peter is away and having fun going out with his friend? Tony and the rest of the Avengers were busy trying to figure out if Peter is anything related to Steve and Tony, only to be shocked to know the true that Peter Parker was their long lost son that they been looking for those years ago.
Steve for his part stared at the ceiling in disbelief.
“Well, Peter already knows how you look like five months ago. It’s better to be safe than sorry.” Natasha huffed. “Fine.” She took the black wig and shade from Tony. At least she didn’t look like a total dork like Clint.
“Sure, Peter. You can call me pops if you like.”
“Shall we get it on? I’m sure Peter here is impatient for a tour.”
Henry Pym found a few recorded videos and handed it to James to examine it, while Richard and he along with Beast and Bruce left to survey the serum and the blood sample labeled as PBRS. James who was testing and checking the video tape began to play it.
“Steve.” Frank replied.
She thought before sighing and getting out of the room. There was no point in agonizing about it.
They watched the doctor do his job, noticing the doctor’s expression turn to concern then to worry, and finally disheartened. Whatever he’d found wasn’t probably a good thing. The doctor looked around hesitantly.
“The least you can do as his parents are to support and be there for him, keep an eye on Peter. Train him to be better if you feel the need to. Or maybe put him in a group like what I and Richard did for Franklin. We put him in a group and make sure his fellow members keep an eye on him so he won’t do anything stupid.” She told them.
And I want to say alot of thank you for WookieCookie again for beta-ing and edited this story for me. :3
“So they think using it on an infant was the better option?!” He hissed
“The kid’s been busy but he’s doing okay. He looks distracted for some reason.” Clint squared his shoulders. “You know why?” Frank asked. Clint shrugged. “Whatever it is, it looks like it bothers the boy a lot. Enough to take his mind off important things.” The assassin narrowed his eyes.
Tony took a deep breath. “I…you see, Steve and I decided to make you your very own room. I think it’s time for me and Steve to move on. Our son will still be in our heart. W-We want you to have this room as your own, Peter.” He said.
He hissed. Steve too was livid at Nick right now, but he didn’t show it and willed to calm himself a bit.
Well, finding out your son was a hero was a big no-no on his last but it was too late to regret that now.
One was painted in his original red-blue and a spider symbol. The other one painted in a shiny red and yellow with a lager spider symbol on the chest, the boots were painted in yellow, then at the back of the suit were appendages spider-arms like made of metal in yellow paint. The third one was a metal spider armor suit that was painted in red and blue.
“Peter? Buddy, what’s wrong?” Tony asked ever so tenderly. Next to him, Steve blinked. He hadn’t known Tony could use a feathery tone. He didn’t even use that tone on Steve. Not even once and now with their son, Tony spoke as if he was talking to the most delicate thing in the world. Peter took a deep breath.
Peter got home looking all wrapped up in happiness as he went upstairs in his bedroom and jumped on his bed. He pulled out his cellphone and dialed a familiar number. He waited for the person on the other side of the phone would pick it up, it took three rings and finally the person picked his call and answered it. “What is it, Peter?” a person’s voice toned.
Bruce kept a serious face at Clint’s name. Natasha threw the man a mischievous grin. Clint felt like he wanted to throttle the shit out of Tony.
“Alright. We’re off. Call us if you need anything alright?” He quirked a grin. Tony returned it.
They scattered into two sub-groups to quicken their work. Natasha knocked on the first house she spotted. A person answered and a woman around the age of forties was standing in front of them, looking confused and skeptical.
PS: Guys, I would also like for you guys to pick to who you guys want Peter to ended up with our paired up with?
Peter groaned.
“That’s up to you kid. Either way it doesn’t matter since now you’re part of the Avengers and you’re not a threat. The Avengers don’t need to know what you look like if you don’t want them too. There are plenty of fellow Avengers who are secretive of their identities; except for me, the head and founder of the Avengers.” He said.
Steve was proud of his husband (even if he thought it was too much. With all the dividing groups and performing things people such as they didn’t usually do). Sure, Steve was the leader of the Avengers and the one who inclined in giving orders to everyone around and his husband might be just his second-in-command but that didn’t mean Tony couldn’t handle or didn’t know how to be a leader to replace Steve when the time called for it. It looked like all the hard work of teaching his husband about leadership had finally paid off.
The next day, the avengers had another meeting as Tony told the other to go and investigate the old house of the Parker house. The people who went there were Natasha, Jane, Susan, Clint, Bruce, Steve and Tony himself since Tony wanted to see what the Parkers were up too in their old days.
“Ah, yes of course, do come in.” The lady said as she let them inside her house and served drinks to her guests.
“Alright, who won the lottery?” He joked. “Very funny, Pete. But we didn’t tell you to come here for nothing.” Tony said as he grabbed and dragged his son towards one of the glass tubes.
“Natasha, Bruce, I want you two to stay a few days here at the tower and make sure everything is safe and sound. You know, keep Jarvis company, while I’m away. He gets lonely without me.” Tony wiggled his brows.
Steve wore an indignant look, deep in his thought while he ignored the way Tony twist and turn. Of course he could never forget about last night. Finding out that Peter Parker was their lost son, he was alive, he was taken by a wrong group of people, and he had been used as a revolting experiment by Richard Parker. He clenched his fist tightly at the thought of it.
It was around six pm when Peter got back to the Tower and went towards the penthouse, pretending he didn’t have the best moment of his life and went towards the kitchen.
“So the kid is like what? A fan of Cap and Tony?” Bruce asked. “Ha! Did you hear it cap?! The kid loves us!” Tony said. “Iron Man… Knock it off... So what if he’s one of our fans? We still need to capture him and ask him a few questions or so. We should be all up early tomorrow to get here and get our target first thing in the morning, okay?” He ordered.
“Yeah…I…sure. Will do that, Cap.” Tony weakly claimed. Steve gave him a smile. The man out of time looked around; making sure no one would come in here. He glimpsed down at his husband, giving Tony his genuine smile, kissing him fully on the lips.
“So does that mean you won’t disown me?” Peter blinked. Tony and Steve gaped as they looked at Peter with a horrified expression at the statement before the boy was hugged
Tony decided to look around and found a small security system and a small desk. He noticed the tapes in some of the drawer, grabbing one to read the label; ‘Progressions’ input’ and other with documentaries. Tony didn’t waste time to pack everything up. When they were done, Tony had ushered back. Their job was done here, time to head home. Soon they made it back to the tower and made a beeline to the lab, putting things they had discovered in one place.
So to not make things matter worst. I'am deleting all of my work. That or someone whose willing to adpot them for me and continue to where the story left off. If anyone willing too, that is. Just pm me.
He cursed inside his head. Now what was he supposed to do? He wasn’t planning on getting caught and he definitely didn’t want his biological parents to know about this. He had only stayed with the Starks nearly two months but he knew they were protective.
Everything was back to normal. Well as normal as they could be. He was still doing his Spiderman’s duty sometimes and meeting up with his fellow Avengers.
Everyone at the tower headed back home after the shock of finding out about Peter Parker’s secret (They knew Peter was not aware of it). He was the biological, long lost son of Tony and Steve they’d been looking for fourteen years. Tony even told Bruce to do a blood test on the blood sample they’d found in the Parker couple’s old house; the one labelled as PBRS to see the result and to their shock and horror?
He whispered in the boy’s ear. “Poor Peter Parker. No mother, no father, no one.” He then stabbed the boy in the hip.
Natasha gave her a small smile before answering.
Clint on the other hand wasn’t allowed to introduce to Peter yet. If Peter was Spider-man, they didn’t want to take the chance of Peter recognizing Clint as his previous attacker.
Steve made a
Few days later, Peter’s morning was interrupted by a call from Bruce, telling him today was the day where he’d meet Tony Stark and that he should be at Stark tower in an hour. Peter wasted no time, getting ready, taking the train instead of cab – because the road looked crowded with cars today and he didn’t want to be stuck in the traffic – and arriving at Stark tower just in time. He saw Bruce waiting for him at the entrance. “Glad you made it. Why don’t we get inside? We’ll start with what you want to take first.” He said.
And sorry if this chapter a little short. :V I'll make it up on the next chapter. :V
“Oh...” Stacy said in a small voice before saying. “I…Peter doesn’t have anything to do with this. He’s not even involved. They might think that since he always gets himself in trouble but really he doesn’t even know that I met with Spiderman. He’s one of my classmates that I felt sorry for and helped since he’s always getting picked. After that we become friends. Really he wasn’t involved with anything at all. He was at home when that whole Lizard thing happened. He told me that he was studying at that time.” She said.
“Come here Peter, I want to show you something.” Tony said, grabbing Peter from the kitchen and away from Steve as they went upstairs.
“They could have adopted him, I guess?” Clint said. “Maybe…but Mary had told Richard it wasn’t a good idea to adopt a child due to their work despite them trying to have a child of their own.” He added. “Wait! What was their job?” Tony asked, getting a little apprehensive as well. “They were specialized researchers.” He arched a brow, and then he paled when he realized something. None of them liked the look that marred Reed’s face. “Oh hell no. Don’t tell me…however, he can’t mean that he…” Richard lessened.
Steve looked seriously at his husband, giving him the look of ‘
“When Clint get back. I’m going to ask him a favor to do for me.” Tony said.
“Agent Romanoff. Yeah, I know. Gwen told me that you two had a little chat a while ago b-but my answers are the same as hers. I wasn’t involved; I was at home at that time with my aunt May. You can ask her if you don’t believe me.” Half of it was a lie, half it though was not. He was really at home because his aunt May believed so. Or yeah, screw logic and all that.
pull it off and back to reality soon, for Peter’s sake. He could only hope both Starks could try to pretend or be strong when they were around Peter. He could guess, heck he did know Peter Parker didn’t have a single grasp about this or whatever his step—or foster father’s scheme was in the past. Perhaps Peter’s aunt hadn’t anything to do with this too, wasn’t related to and kind or form with Richard Parker because if she did? Gods help her, Tony and Steve would make her life a living hell.  Old woman or not.
“What is it? Did you guys find anything?” He asked.
“Yea, no…but take a look at this Tony.” James said as he told Johnny to replay the video again. Bit blurry and static. Tony watched it; there he saw a white van parked at the back of the hospital before three people scrambled out of the back door. They were carrying, well more like strolling something, out of the door, putting it inside the van.
(See the end of the chapter for
And I'm not even off the hook about having a sour throat yet. :V
“You’re right, love.” Tony agreed the two should stay in the bed for a little longer before heading to the kitchen to have breakfast with doctor Banner.
punch. Tony rolled his eyes, agreeing reluctantly. At least he could spare the mutant this.
“Ah? Okay, yeah sure let’s go.” Peter gave up as he entered the car. The team was following the car from behind.
“What’s that?” Tony asked. “I don’t know, but it looked so suspicious.” James said.
“Well, I’m just assuming that he might be.” Bruce said. “The only one way to find out if our guy is nothing but a kid...” Natasha said. “Wait! You think what I’m thinking?” Tony asked as Natasha nodded her head. “It looks like we don’t have a choice but to investigate here tomorrow and see if some of the students look like our target?” She said. “Oh… You guys don’t have to worry about looking for our guy… I know what his bag looks like.” Clint said. Everyone turned to stare at him. “Are you sure?” Steve asked. “Yeah. I remember the color of his bag despite quick and short dispute.” He said.
Peter watched the door to the bathroom. “Might as well take a long bath.” Peter grinned. That night, he had a bubble bath.
Only to regret his action.
“Yeah, yeah. Come on you three.” Francis nagged.
Logan harrumphed to himself, going back towards the main meeting room.
A smile graced his face as he imagined if their little Peter was alive, his room would probably looked like this; messy but in a good way.
“I…yes… But hey! It’s okay. I don’t mind. It’s just that. We’re worried that you guys would react badly if you found out.” Tony enlightened. It made everyone glance at each, clearly worried for their friend.
“So you think that it was still a good idea going upstairs butt naked? What if someone saw you?!” Steve complained, stomping his foot on the floor.
“You see, the serum is called as Therapeutic Serum. It’s s a serum with the enhance ability to heal major type of disease, most of all Cancer and Leukemia. However, the serum has also been tested on animals and we’re proud to announce the serum has worked marvelously. Yet we wanted to tried it on a human being--” Mr. Parker said but only to be cut off as Tony hollered.
Nick looked at the files of Spiderman for the last time before he made a call, requesting for Phil Coulson to come back to his office to talk and discus a few things about Spiderman, followed by a call for the Avengers for an important meeting.
aunt. The problem with this; Tony didn’t want to share
PS: If anyone could guess about where I get the idea of the yellow Spider suit that Peter's received from Tony?
So in the end, Steve and Tony didn’t have any choice but to let Peter join the group, and made sure that he wasn’t alone. Tony was planning to do something about Peter’s Spiderman suit. He had found out when Reed handed him the boy’s suit, it was made of Spandex. Of all the things in the world, Peter was walking in night and day fighting villains in a spandex suit?! Seriously, his son couldn’t be this stupid? Sure, he was proud that his son was a genius, making a web shooter weapon on his own, and had a super healing factor.
he discerned, going onward and was about to tackle Spiderman from behind him when Spiderman saw this and moved away, making Hawkeye hit the wall where Spiderman’s bag was dropped. He snapped and thought of an idea when he noticed he was beside Spiderman’s bag and quickly placed the tracker inside the kid’s bag before getting back on pretending to attack Spiderman who continued to escape his multiple offensives.
Tony placed the wig on Steve’s head and adjusted it, quickly putting on the sunglass as well on Steve before examining Steve’s new appearance. “There! Now no one will recognize you as Steve Rogers-Stark with this disguise!” he said triumphantly. Richard and Bruce looked at Steve, nodding dimly. It was a good thing Tony didn’t put his husband on anything that could turn all attention to him. Vivid outfit and anything obvious would shift public stares on them the moment they entered the building.
Tony had introduced Peter to Pepper. The boy was a bit shy around her at first, stating that it wasn’t every day you could meet a beautiful woman. Pepper laughed at the comment and few days later, those two became the best of friends. Even Pepper pointed out how the boy was similar to Tony.
“Ah! Yes…this is…” Bruce hesitated, not wanting to say ‘Peter’. He didn’t want to bring up old memory of what they had lost. “This is P-Peter Parker, Steven. He’ll be working with Tony soon enough once we get his approval.” Bruce said eyeing both Tony and Steve nervously. Tony put up his bravado despite the hidden longing in his eyes. “A-Ah-I see. Hello P-Peter. I’m Steven Grant Rogers-Stark by the way-” Steve stumbled but was cut off by Tony. “My husband.” He finished. “So here he is, the boy who has stolen the entire spotlight since days ago.” He quipped.
Hawkeye cursed under his breath.
“Hello, Peter Parker I’m Agent-”
“I mean, we did encounter Spiderman before, well except for Richard and his gang, but I think it might be it. Somehow, he was bitten by that Spider and gained him some sort of mutant power?” She guessed.
“No, it’s just as far as I know Richard Parker and his wife had been trying to conceive a child for a long time now. Mary couldn’t have a child. She was barren. I know this because Mary was one of Susan’s friends and she kind of confided to her about this. Like I said, it’s odd this Peter was their kid. Not just that, the boy didn’t uphold his parents’ outer appearances. As far as I know, both Richard and Mary’s side of the family are mostly blondes with blue eyes.” Reed said.
The next morning, the Rogers-Stark couple woke up around six am, feeling the hangover rushed in with a pounding headache. Bruce was already up early as he was now standing on the entrance of Steve and Tony’s shared room, looking at them with a strange expression. “Morning, you two.” He greeted. Tony blinked his eyes slowly before glancing up at Bruce. “Hnn…Bruce? W-Why are you here? Did we have some kind of a wild party and I seem to forget it or something?” He asked while trying to get his head straight. Hangover was one thing Tony hated after paparazzi.
Peter ducked his head, but didn’t mind the affection Steve was giving him. In fact, he liked it. He had always wanted to have a dad since Richard Parker wasn’t around. Okay so maybe he didn’t think of Richard Parker as his dad. He still couldn’t forgive what Richard Parker had done to his life, so he was out of the question as Peter’s father figure-like.
“I mean, no. It’s okay. You were trying to make me felt at home but really. I’m already quiet satisfied with the guest room as my own room. I-If it makes you feel better, we could maybe renovate the guest room into my very own room? I can see this room is very special to you and I can see you really don’t want to give this up to someone like me...so really it’s okay.” Peter answered.
“I’m going inside and ask the principal for an interview with Gwen Stacy. I’ll tell them that I’m a FBI or CSI, trying to investigate the incident that happened in this school three months ago. I’m sure it’s the closest thing I can get to talk to Gwen Stacy if she knows Spiderman.” She said as she didn’t allow Tony to finish. She straightened her back and headed towards the destination.
“Thanks.” He murmured.
Peter’s friends, Gwen, MJ and Harry had called him, asking about his conditions and it pained Peter that he had to lie to them. At least he was honest to them when he said he was adopted by rich parents after his aunt had passed away. Maybe one day, he’d tell them everything. Maybe. He didn’t know. Right now, Peter was bored but on the bright side? He was finally okay and healed. His body was in a good condition again thanks to his healing factor, and the wound on his hip was slowly fading.
Gambit who was playing with his cards looking bored, Johnny Storm also known as the Human Torch was beside Daredevil, thumping with his iPhone.
“It seems that the people live there had caught the couple one time in a rainy day, looking panic, leaving their son with his aunt and uncle before they took off. The next day they found the couple died in a plane crash from the morning news report.” Jenifer explained
Peter jumped into the elevator and went into some alley to put on his Spiderman costume before he spun off somewhere to cool his head a bit.
Nick Fury, head of the S.H.I.L.E.D, sat in his office, reading the files agent Phil Coulson sent to him a while ago. The files were mostly regarding the report incident that occurred three months ago about the whole lizard things, followed by the files of Spiderman encountering and fighting Green Goblin and Doctor Octopus a few weeks later. It caught Nick’s attention as he was more interested in Spiderman than the Lizard, who was a Scientist turned into a mad giant reptile.
Steve was hushed.
But this was their son they were talking about and judging how determined Peter could be, they couldn’t stop Peter from doing his duty.
Peter woke up to the sound of his alarm clock, getting out of bed, preparing himself for school. He stayed up for the whole night, reading Richard Parker’s journals. To his shock, the serum Richard Parker had used on him was similar to the one that was used on Captain America, but less different.
Richard hesitated before saying. “I feared that he might have somehow stolen the child from somewhere and raised it as their own? Or at least that’s how it looks like.” He said. “What are you talking about that they might steal a child from someone—” Tony declared, and then it was all clicked in his head in comprehension.
Clint went mute for a moment, thinking of a way to explain to his group that he had missed on placing said device on their target. In his defense, the guy was swift in avoiding his tracker-arrow. He sighed and decided to just let them know.
“I’m going to call the rest of the Avengers and tell them that we will have another meeting tomorrow. We will have a new mission to do; we have no choice but to abandon plan B and go to plan C.” Tony said which confused Steve.
But then I received this finish and edited version of chapter nine just this morning along with the new edited version of chapter eight, and that she's replied that she was better, already.
“Just get to the point!” Tony forced.
Pepper. I really can’t go tomorrow. Peter needs me. You know it’s been years. We, Steve and I, we had been trying to find our Peter and now that we finally have him back, I can’t….I can’t miss another thing in his life, Pepper. I can’t miss this opportunity to spend time with him even if it means taking him to see his aunt. Please Pepper?” Tony begged, and that was something because a Stark didn’t beg. No matter what.
“WHAT?!” coming from both Steve and Tony could be heard.
Peter was furious. Who the heck this guy thought he was. He was about to tell Nick his final answer when a young voice joined in.
Tony hadn’t realized that someone was at the door until the person voice snapped him out of his thought. “Tony?” It was Steve. Tony blinked his tearful eyes, he wiped them before turned his head to face his husband. “Hey Cap! Do you need anything?” He asked. Steve just gave Tony a sad smile before saying. “Actually… Nick called for a meeting at SHIELD’s headquarters and is expecting us to move there right away.” Steve informed.
“Yeah, sure. We understand. So what am I going to do?” Clint asked. Tony waved a hand at Clint before saying. “You’re coming with me. Steve too, obviously. I need Steve’s support. In the meantime, you will be doing some night out duty. Like err, bait for something, anything-”
Peter sighed and excused himself, telling the remaining Avengers members he wanted to go out or maybe headed home, but the Tower was his home where his father (Tony Stark and his step-dad were living) so he came up with a lie and told them as he left the tower, still in his Spiderman suit when he deiced to just take a stroll on the city for the meantime.
Steve at the moment was busy making breakfast for everyone. Bruce, Natasha and Clint were sitting on the crystal stools while Peter was setting the table, glancing at Tony every so often.
“What?! Dude did you just miss our target again?” Tony asked annoyed that they had yet again missed their target. “Nah, don’t worry... I have placed the device inside Spiderman’s personal bag. You should be able to track him soon enough since I switch the tracker on.” He added.
- were the Young Avengers. Everyone was gathering around. Some of them were at the meeting table, sitting in their respective seat while few settled down in a nearby mini bar, talking among themselves.
“So what do you want from me? The last time I encountered one of you, he tried to shoot me with his arrow.” Peter accused. Nick raised a brow.
It surprised Peter to know some of the Avengers were parents themselves but still had time to be a superhero.
Tony and Steve watched sadly and concerned for their son. Just then the door opened as a doctor came inside, probably to check on May, and was astounded to see them inside the room. “Oh, hello, sorry for the interruption. I didn’t know Mrs Parker has guests today. I’ll just make this quick and check if Mrs Parker is doing okay.” The doctor said, going towards May to perform the procedures.
Tony and Steve tried to deal with the whole order of Peter being their long lost son, Bruce helped out trying to make some sense between the two, Peter on the hand got a call from the trips his aunty May went too.
PS: this chapter had an angst at the end. :V So you'll be warn!
Bruce and Clint squared each of the room, finding a child’s room along the way. The room looked neat even though this house was abandoned. He went inside the room as he examined it. The room had a teddy bed near the window; the bed had a poster of buzz Light-year. Next to the bed stood a door that Bruce could guess was the bathroom. An airplane toy hanging on the roof, a small cabin with lot of toys, the floor was left with scattered toys, drawing books with crayon shattered around it. Bruce could imagine little Peter Parker playing with his toys here when he was little.
Steve finally came back home after a fight with the Green Goblin along with his teammates, minus Tony and Peter. He took off his mask and shield and placed it on the end table. He looked around for a sign of his family, but found none. He sighed. “Jarvis, where are Tony and Peter?” He asked.
“Well? How is it for May Parker??” Tony asked.
“I’ll call or inform you through your mail…” Bruce said which made Peter look in surprise. “Y-You know my Email and cellphone number?” He asked a little shadily. “No, but your school has it I presume.” Peter titled his head before remembering the school did have it in case of emergency. “Oh right. You might want my new number since I kind of busted my old one.” Peter said as he handed the man his new number.
Tony stared at his husband.
Clint just stood there against the wall. He felt left out.
look at Tony.
“Right. So shall we check it out?” Tony asked. Steve hesitated for a moment before he reluctantly agreed, entering the doorway along with his husband. Tony being the most excited among all of them. In the midst was the incubator infant they saw on the video footage, beside it a table trolley with syringes, three empty small jars, and a used glove.
He grabbed and twisted the doorknob and found unlock, which was a surprise.
The next morning, Tony was on the phone, talking with Peter’s headmaster and informing him that Peter would be away for a while. Once he was done, Tony made another call, waiting for Happy to pick it up.
.” Tony gave nothing away. He wanted nothing else but to have Peter as his, as theirs again. There wasn’t anything wrong with that. Steve was too naïve sometimes.
Richard Reed couldn’t believe what his former college partner had done. The horror of finding out one of your college friends had been fallen into madness was just too much, like what happened with Victor Von Doom. However, what Richard Parker did was beyond humanity. It was just wrong in many ways to use an infant as a test subject. A living one at that. He wondered what had driven the man to become so twisted.
“Who the heck are you and what do you want from me?” The kid sounded pissed.
“Bruce, do you think there are any chances Peter would remember that day? The day he was in the lab or when he was being studied, injected with the serum?” Steve asked. Bruce searched Steve’s facial expression before answering in a way that would be easy for Steve to understand.
“Plan C?!” Steve asked.
“—But we’ve never found the right potential host for it. Still a few months later, a baby that was born with an impediment during child birth had reached our ears and we’d decided to use the mentioned infant us our test subject. To our relief, Therapeutic Serum did it wonder on Peter. The result came positive without any problems. Peter came out safe and sound. And for future notice? I’m going to keep and adopt Peter to see if the serum effect would last long or not. Also we have the infant blood sample for future studies as well. The blood sample is labeled as PBRS, stands for ‘PETER BENJAMIN ROGERS-STARK’.”
Gwen was confused. There was a sudden call for her from the office even though she hadn’t done anything lately. Heck, she hadn’t done a single wrong thing at all. Once she arrived, Gwen knocked on the door. “Sir, you call me?” She heard the principal telling her to get in. Inside, the man wasn’t alone. There sitting was a woman with a fiery hair, a strange look on her face. She turned to look at her. “Ah, Miss Stacy, glad that you made it. I like you to meet Agent Romanoff. She works for the CSI and wants to talk to you about the incident occurred three months ago.” He said.
“Hmm… Maybe we could… Get a simple of Spiderman.” Tony said.
Unknown to peter he was heading right under their trap.
’ he asked confusedly. “Lovely. No! What do you want from me anyway?” He asked.
Tony sighed in frustration at he was being interrupted. “Plan B was supposed to be ‘us trying to or make Spiderman to join our group’ not my idea it was Nick Fury’s idea.” Tony shrugged.
Still, they were worried for the boy. He hadn’t spoken much after the death of her Aunty May. It like the boy just shut down himself, like he knew something big and wanted to deal with it himself. The boy didn’t have his own room yet - staying in the previous guestroom - but the Starks were planning to build one for him soon.
“I’ll wait here then.”
“So, Spiderman is a boy with a name—“Green Goblin was about to finish his sentence when Peter stopped him by punching him in the stomach, making Green Goblin cough.
He was scared. He was immobilised. He wanted to scream so he did but the voice that escaped his throat wasn’t of his own. It belonged to an infant. It confused the boy. No, this wasn’t him. This nightmare wasn’t his. He didn’t- this wasn’t his. Not his. Definitely not.
PS: This story is been beta and Edited by WookieCookie who is my grateful editor and I want to say thank you so very much for editing this for me. :)
PS: Does the chapter story pages had any limit or no? Since I'm kind of worry about the whole chapter story pages limit like in the ff. ;/
“Well, the serum gives the injected subject a tremendous healing ability, perhaps to an extreme level where it only takes hours to heal for wounds or diseases that almost take months to heal, if not more. Judging from what I’ve gathered in this serum we’ve found at the Parker’s couple lab, it possibly can heal anything range from cancer, HIV and perhaps to an exceedingly deformed external. It may have the aptitude to replace dead tissues and fractured bones.” Richard explained.
Tony whistled which earned him a glare from his husband who was sitting next to him. “What?” Tony asked innocently. Steve just continued to glare at him. Tony rolled his eyes at Steve’s covetous attitude. “Hey guys! We’ve found our guy!” Clint called. They shifted their attention outside, eyes never leaving the figure of a tall, scarily slender boy who was following Gwen Stacy from behind like a puppy in love.  The boy was about 5’10 feet tall, in a dark t-shirt underneath his darkish hoodie jacket, adorned with black pants and a pair of old worn sneakers. His bag dangled behind him whilst he was on his skateboard.
“How about that one?” Bruce asked as they glanced at the door before they both nodded and opened the door, only to find another set of stairs.
Steve and Tony gave him a grin. He didn’t like it at all. It meant he was going to be paired up or teamed up with someone who he would not get along with.
Inside he could see an office, probably belonged to Mr. Parker. Then on the left side was filled with security TV and stuff. He turned to glance at his fellow teammates. “Hey Steve, you might want to check this out.” He called to which Steve glanced up at him in confusion before obeying his husband.
“Well, yes!” Tony childishly bawled. Clint rolled his eyes. “Cap here keeps making excuses and looking for any holes to prove that this kid isn’t our guy. Of course, we’re talking about Cap here. A man with a giant heart.” Clint berated before continuing. “But I’m totally with Bruce and Tony. The kid is too smart for his own good. And I fought Spider-man. I know how he moves and talks and this Peter is the very epitome of that! Even though Cap still doesn’t agree.”
“Okay you two. Knock it off. We didn’t come here to argue. We’re here because Peter asked us to help him out. Not for this. If you really do care about your son then please do try to get along, for Peter’s sake.” Damn the stupid wig and shade made him less chilling.
Tony, Steve and Richard stared weirdly at Bruce before shrugging their shoulders. Tony began to explain on what they were about to do inside the Oscorp building.
The next day in the morning the Avengers had another ‘Meeting’ with the rest of the members, but this time Ben of Fantastic Four and Henry McCoy, with Dr. Strange were there at Tony’s conference room. Tony was standing at the center, with a glass of wine in his hand, taking a small slip before putting it down at the table, looking up at everyone who in return were staring back at him with that weird stare of theirs.
“Now for our new mission is to investigate all about Mr. and Mrs. Parker, no hard feelings again Reed, but this couple has been bugging me since yesterday the moment you mentioned about them unable to conceive children. I might have a hunch that they might be the people who stole our little Peter.” Tony said but stopped short, looking up to study everyone’s reaction. He could only find calmness and quirk of brows.
“No need to worry about that. I’ll tell Bruce to handle it for you. He’s better at this than I do.” Tony said.
by his fathers.
“Ah, what can I do for you Mr. Banner?” He said as both Natasha and Bruce looked up at him. Bruce snapped and remembered what he aimed to do and said. “I’m here to ask if I can interview some of your honor students for an invitation of intern scholarship, sir.” he hurriedly added. “I was actually told by Mr. Tony Stark to find him a brilliant student to work in his company.” He explained. “I thought that Mr. Stark wasn’t interested in those?” The principal asked.
“We could still do the plan B after we done doing whatever plan C is supposed to be if that’s okay with everyone?” Henry McCoy suggested.
The couple was acting a little strange towards him lately, even before the death of aunt May. They acted like they were…related. It couldn’t be right? Did they find out he was their son? Were they only treating him as one because they saw him as a replacement for the child they had lost?
“Huh? Okay, put them in the bag, Steve. We’ll need those to study.” Tony said.
“And try to avoid getting in trouble.” Steve said with an innocent smile. “I can take care of myself.” Peter whined and pouted at them, his parents just chuckled at him before waving him goodbye.
“You’re the only one stands out from the rest. I mean I did look at the other students and their grades however yours was the only one I deem worth it.” Bruce clarified.
Both Starks were quiet. Eyes never faltered from the screen. From here, everyone would prefer if the two argue rather, better that than this current silent treatment. Johnny was about to say something when the elevator chimed, suggesting someone was about to enter. Bruce instantly pushed (More like punching and kicking) Clint under the table to prevent him from being seen while Tony hurriedly turned off the screen just before the elevator flew open, revealing Peter himself. The boy looked adorably confused.
This was not going well.
Peter was more surprised. This was his first time watching how the Avengers acted around each other. Everyone was being…themselves, with the way Natasha was strangling Clint for accidentally spitting his coffee on her face (After Logan mentioned Captain and Iron Man kissing) and the way Bruce just laughed warmly. His mentor and uncle figure tried to stop Natasha. Nova just there, laughing without a care for the world.
May angled her head, motioning the boy to come closer, kissing the boy’s forehead when he did so. “I love you Peter. Be strong and stay healthy. Remember what your uncle Ben said, with great power, comes great responsibility.” Her fingers kept treading through his hair, again and again until it finally stopped moving, limping to her side. The beeping of the monitor remained flat.
Bruce studied Peter’s expression. “Not really. However, it would be better to know more about the person who is about to work for Mr. Stark. Just for precaution.” Bruce shrugged. “O-kay.” Peter said awkwardly. “Hobbies huh? I don’t really have any exciting hobbies expect for skateboarding, inventing stuff and reading. That’s about it.”
When they went inside, May was lying down on the hospital bed, fast asleep. She looked worse, much worse than the last time Peter had saw her. An IV attached to her left arm, and an oxygen mask strapped to her mouth. Peter marched towards her, grabbed her hand in his and squeezed it gently; a worried expression marred his face.
This made everyone in astonishment at what this little serum could do.
“You know you can call us, me and Tony, dad or pops or whatever you prefer to call us. We won’t mind. In fact we’ll be happy about it.” Steve said as he added. “I know that all of this is just too rushed to you and I know that you’re still trying to get used of us being your new parents. But really Peter, Tony and I will be more happy, proud and glad if you call us like that.”
“So Hawkeye had been keeping a track on you as I had instructed him to do? Funny that he failed to inform me this. Wonder why?” He said to himself.
He could see the Fantastic Four, the Beast from the X-men, Wolverine who was sitting with a bottle of an alcohol in his hand.
He looked up and stared at the window in front of the crib. “It’s been years now. I’m sure that little Peter is probably around fourteen years old by now, if he is still alive somewhere out there” Tony muttered as tears dropped from his eyes by just thinking of it.
They still went on missions. Still, their relationship hadn’t been steady as it was fragile after Peter had gone missing. They talked about it. None of the Avengers brought up topics or mentioned Peter, or on how they wished that Peter was still here, alive.
Tony and the other Avengers were busy trying to figure everything what happened in Peter’s past, or trying to figure it out by finding evidence from the files they’d found at the Parkers’ lab. Even though Tony, Steve and the others had already found out about Peter’s true identity, they were still trying to figure why Richard Parker picked their son. To find out if Peter’s uncle and Aunt were also involved in Richard Parker’s scheme and keeping it from the boy. From
to agree with him. It isn’t safe and don’t think you’re off the hook yet. You, mister, are going to have a long training with either me, or Tony or one of the Avengers. You’ll join us for missions when we think you are ready. Completely ready. So for the meantime-”
When students rushed out from the entrance, Natasha’s sharp eyes went through every face and stance before it landed on Peter’s smaller but lean form. Natasha walked towards him with a sleek grace.
“Yes...”
PS: I would also like to say a big thank you for WookieCookie for beta-ing this story for me and this chapter as well. I'm really thankful for all your help girl. ^^
“Did you inform your guardian regarding this internship?”
“-I’m always right, Stevie darling-”
When Peter was out of earshot, Tony just laughed.
He screamed inside his head.
“Good. We’ll start with your first tryout. Sunday, Bruce here will be helping you around. You’ll need it.” The day was spent with another session of interrogating him (Literally) before Tony explained his tryouts and lessons he’d learn from them, from this place and particularly from himself.
“Can we intimidate the guy if he refuses cooperate?” Logan smirked, hoping he really would have the chance to summon at least
“Uh…um…w-would it be all right i-if I called…you uh…pops? C-Cause I think it’s…kind of cool to call you that?” He said. Steve couldn’t help but to give a genuine smile and chuckle at that as he ruffled the boy’s hair.
“The truth? It would be zero precent, Cap. He was a baby at that time, an infant. A few weeks old if I would presume? It’s impossible for a neonate to retain one’s memory when it happens during their newborn days. And like everyone says, it’s better to forget a horrible past then dwelling on it. What important right now is for you to be strong and make a new memory with Peter even when you didn’t get to see him growing up?” Bruce calmly reasoned.
He raised his hand.
Peter had an interview with Bruce, meanwhile the rest of Avenger are planning a plan to bait him.
“You want the entire super-fucking-heroes to have this meeting just for one kid? A kid. I press and repeat, a kid.” Wolverine harshly took the offered drink from Steve. Ahh, liquor. He still felt annoyed and amused at the same time. All this shit just for a noisy kid Logan knew he could cut, cut chop, chop to pieces within seconds. He wouldn’t do that though. Despite popular belief, he had a heart and murdering kids wasn’t his thing.
Steve listened and thought of it. “Y-You’re right. What more important is that Peter is okay and alive…” He reassured his frantic beating chest. “Richard Parker wouldn’t be around anymore to harm Peter.” Bruce added. “Yes, Richard isn’t alive anymore to continue his sick experiment on Peter. I don’t know what I would do if that happen. If he was alive and here, trying to take Peter away from us again.” Tony seethed.
Peter read the letter with a trembling hold, letting the tears well down to his cheeks. He wiped them with the palm of his hand. He carefully placed the letter back on the table. When he was done crying, he picked the red journal belonged to his mother. He flipped it open as a letter fell from it. He picked up the note and read it, carefully.
“Why do you want me to come along with them?” He asked.
“Whose did this belong to or where did you get it?” Tony questioned, frantic. “This tape came along with the rest of the SHEILD’s documents and others stuff.” James answered while Tony snorted.
“Now what are we going to do?” Tony asked. “Hmm… Maybe I could also do the same with Natasha? Ask the principal for our target to get him some internship or something? I’ll might be able to get some info out of him that way in a nice way?” Bruce said. “Good idea, Bruce Oh and can you put this thing on so that we can know what’s going on in there too while you talk to the kid?” Tony wiggled as he handed him a wireless-ear set, a small camera for them to know what was going inside. Bruce nodded his head before getting out of the car and joined the Black Widow.
After the call, Tony met his brothers in arms, err, battles, whatever, to update them of everything.
Peter and Nova continued to have their own conversation while Brain and Bruce continued to explain their new plan. They put aside the plan for Spiderman for now.
Tony crossed his arms before continued on. “Before we go on our meeting, I would like to apologize to everyone about yesterday for my outburst. I’m not crazy or anything, if you guys were thinking that. But seriously who wouldn’t react like that and go on rampage when you found out that—“ Tony was about to initiate his rants and talk nonsense when Steve groaned loudly. Tony took that as his cue to shut up and just go straight to the point.
(See the end of the chapter for
Frustrated and confused, Peter didn’t notice someone was keeping an eye on him - a man with a bow, arrow slung on the quiver as he hid in the dark. He was keeping an eye on Peter (Yes, he still believed Spiderman was Peter) as ordered by Iron Man and Captain America.
“Hello ma’am, we are the FBI, and we would like to ask you a few questions regarding the Parker’s family? You see one of the colleagues of Mr. Parker was found dead yesterday. His crime and evidence had led us here. Our superior wanted us to investigate if some of the neighborhood might know something.” Natasha informed without a quiver, having used to being deceitful around people.
Steve scowls, but also laughs for some reason, and Tony declares the situation saved. Steve dribbles a little bit of the lube on his fingers before laying the closed bottle on his abs and lifts one leg so far up he can hook his arm around it.
Steve rested a hand on my shoulder and I couldn't believe he was reassuring
, in some strange jostling that’s really fucking perfect because it still means he can lick at the tip like Tony’s a very tasty, melting-too-fast, popsicle. All the while, he never breaks eye contact. The visual is fan-fucking-tastic and a perfect compliment to the combination of hands and wet mouth at work.
“I am.” He’s most certainly
It doesn’t matter. Knowing something happened is worlds away from feeling something happen and Tony can’t stop fucking feeling. Again, his attention is pulled upward to where he imagines Steve making their bed and tidying up their room.
“Obviously it’s a stupid stereotype that is supported by nothing,” Tony rambles in hope it will stop Steve’s ‘concerned face’. “I’ve known a lot of—”
Instead of actually saying anything, Steve lifts his leg—the one Tony’s not reaching over at the moment—into the air. With a twist of his hips his ankle ends up somewhat not far from his head.
Steve cuts Tony off. “It doesn’t have to mean anything Tony. I understand if it makes you uncomfortable. And I understand if you don’t want to see me.” He stands up to leave. It’s only fair that Tony has some time to process this.
Tony looks away and up at the dark sky like he can see the stars that will never shine above Brooklyn. There have been so many stories like this since they beat Thanos and brought back everyone who was snapped away. There have also been challenges, sure, but Tony can never get enough of hearing about experiences like these. Despite the housing shortages and pending dearth of food, everyone is just so fucking happy. The empty spaces Thanos had made aren’t empty anymore.
“And apparently the reason why you’re here, and not, you know, in the future, is because of an invention I created, right?” Tony’s having the strangest sense of deja vu right now. “Because apparently, in the future, we know each other well enough that you’d have access to my tech. Unless you stole it, of course.” Nathan’s doing that same eye-squinting thing Steve used to do when he was listening to you but was also too polite to insert anything to the conversation. That thing that used to either comfort Tony or infuriate him. “Which, if I’m going to believe you’re also the superhero who captured Arnim Zola in the 50’s, doesn’t seem likely.” And then, all at once, Tony connects the familiar cut of Nathan’s jaw to his birth year. “Steve?”
>>Tony, first things first. I’m you.
Tony pulls a loose bow tie out of his pocket, “Just your nimble fingers, please. Could you do me the pleasure of tying this for me?”
Tony’s a skeptic—Steve’s notoriously an awful spy. On the other hand, if Tony leaves now he’ll just be stuck in his room until it’s time to get ready for the mission. “I snore, sometimes,” Tony says. It’s an exaggeration—Pepper has only said he’s snored once and that was when he had a bad cold. But it’s a test question. For some reason the answer matters.
The man fell to his knees, clutching his elbow tight, and no longer cast in the shadow from the sun behind him, I knew exactly who he was.
Rhodey responds, “Not going to answer that.”
“Come back to bed, then,” is what Tony thinks is an appropriate response. Steve listens, turns off the lights, and they both find a spot close to each other but
“Tony—”
Steve stays quiet for a beat long enough that Tony can tell he's really thinking it through, “If you’re sure,” he eventually says, climbs into bed. This time, it takes a little less time to get him under the covers. “Just so you know, I’m glad we’re working together again.”
“Yeah?”
“I can’t do this anymore, Steve. I just…
when Steve starts just laughing. They’re the big, full body, type of laughs. He laughs so hard his eyes squish shut and he slaps the sheets he was just gripping for dear life. “Are you serious?” he asks, his voice at an entirely different register than Tony’s used to.
“Hey,” Tony says behind him. “I thought you went back to your room.”
“Aren’t you worried someone will see me in the morning?” Tony asks, because he is, personally, worried. Too much is riding on tomorrow’s mission to have to deal with the group gossiping about them.
Steve’s fingers graze the top of the waistband of Tony’s swim trunks. Tony, who’s had his eyes closed while he enjoyed the feeling of Steve’s lips on his skin, looks down to see Steve staring up at him. He’s waiting for something, possibly Tony’s permission to continue, but Tony gawks at the image of Steve on one knee long enough that he misses the point. Steve breaks him out of his confusion when his fingers slip between the top of Tony’s shorts and his skin. He also raises an eyebrow as if to say:
“They were what?” Johnny asked with a wide grin on his face. Logan ignored the human-Charizard.
Tony glanced up from the stairs and couldn’t help but to grin at the kid and said. “Well look at you! You look rather dashing, Pete.” Tony proudly claimed. Peter couldn’t help but to return the smile with a blush.
Steve and Tony were in one of the small meeting areas that was part of Tony’s tower, a few floors away from the main meeting room.
Peter just looked at Tony then at Steve before sighing and slumped back down on his bed. “Fine. But what about school?” He asked.
“Not that I’m not happy and proud to be a Rogers-Stark. I don’t want to get too much attention if they found out I’m adopted by the great Tony Stark and Steve Rogers.” Peter said.
Tony frowned. “Well, It’s this or I’m giving you a pink wig.” he calmly countered. Clint frowned at the hat then at Tony before sighing, finally giving in. “I hate you, you know that?” Clint snatched the cap and the shade, putting them on. Natasha smirked at him
“-while keeping Peter safe from harm’s way. Steve and I need to be there for him so we won’t be focusing on anything but our son.”
If anyone guess it right? And yes, that yellow Spider suit was the suit that Spiderman used in the Civil war comic verse. :3
“I’m sure Tony will be happy if you call him that, Peter. In fact he’ll be delighted. We didn’t adopt you because your one of Tony’s students, you know?” Steve said as he added. “Besides, we already see you as the child we always wanted and dreamed of.” Tony heard his husband say it with the most sincere and gentle tone.
The video tape was recorded regarding the couple’s experiment. Mostly just Mr. Parker’s experiment along with his fellow co-workers.
“What are you talking about?! Are you saying that his parents didn’t die in a plane crash by accident? That someone might have—“Steve stopped in the mid-sentence, paling at the thought crossing his mind.
When he got there along with Steve, Peter was somehow adapted the look of fright and worry. It didn’t sit right with Tony.
Clint found the master bedroom, making a short but careful check inside it but the result was disappointing. He’d found nothing. Clint frowned as he went out of the room only to bump into Bruce who also went out of the other room.
His only wish was so Tony and Steve wouldn’t find out the real identity of Spiderman. He also planned to tell them he was their blood-son but still couldn’t find the right time.
“Okay, right, I’m sure none of you want to me gossiping about my sob life.” He rolled his eyes at everyone. They snorted at him in return. “The thing is I wanted to apologize to everyone about yesterday… And Reed? No hard feelings, okay? I didn’t mean to snap out like that yesterday…” Tony said as Reed cut him off.
A hand on his shoulder snapped him from his thought. He glanced at Mathew. “Something’s on your, Frank?” Mathew asked. Frank raised a brow at his lover, shaking his head. “No, just thinking. There’s no need to bother about it.” They were lovers, yes, but they never exchanged fluffy nicknames, no teases or poking at each other for fun. They were not like most pairs yet they were still happy with being just
They spent almost an hour exchanging questions and answers and Bruce noticed how a pink flush made its way to Peter’s cheeks when the name Gwen Stacy entered their conversation. Teenage crush, I presume. He fixed his glasses, letting the boy talk in his own pace. It wasn’t like Bruce was going anywhere and the boy was bright in his own way it made things even more interesting. It was a bonus.
PS: Good news, my brother went off to a 1 week vacation and left his laptop for me to borrow and use it for my story, so it look like I might be able to update each chapter sooner then later, I mostly get a chapter done within two days, depend on if I have free time from school or so. So I hope that everyone is very overjoy by this great new. :)
Tony frowned at that, he didn’t like his kid skipping meal. “Steve, can you-” Tony didn’t get to finish his sentence. Steve was already hurling (very, very gentle) Peter on his feet.
“Okay what I want you three to do inside there is ask the front desk counter to lead you to where the Parker couple’s office was and when they had left there? Go and look for anything you can find that might give any information about their experiment and stuff. After that, come back here, and we can all look at the collected information back at the tower along with the rest of the group, okay?” Tony said with a grin.
PS: You guys can go and re-read the new version of chapter eight. Thought she only change a few of it on chapter eight but, I just wanted to let you guys know. :3
He saw Mr. Parker hold the jar, pricking the needle into it before transferring whatever substance inside it into the syringe.  The man flicked the nozzle twice before heading towards the incubator, opening the postern, reaching his arm to rub the soft spot of the infant before injecting the substance, green liquid poured indignantly into the infant’s system.
“Come on you two! Do it later later when we’re done with this thing!” he said, begging them to just listen. To his relief, they did.
Curiosity drives him to click the notification icon and wait patiently while the icon expands to reveal an Iron Man gauntlet, open wide to reveal a replusor in the center which glows, pulsating in a way that imitates a loading screen.
And intimate, in a way that makes Tony feel safe and warm.
the Supreme Leader whispers into his ear and he’s back in that place, looking up at Steve’s blue eyes looming above him and being surprised to find his smile malicious and twisted.
Steve looked between Tony and the cord plugged into the wall. He picked it up and slowly plugged it into the charging port the hologram had shown him earlier. “Is this ok?” Tony nodded. “Good.”
“But then you were unfrozen and realized that God isn’t real and she wouldn’t give a fuck who you’re attracted to.”
Another beat. Tony’s seen a lot during his time as an Avenger. He still hadn’t been expecting this. “Enough.” He knows the theory and the limitations. “I know it’s never been done before.”
“You could’ve splurged a little, you know,” Tony says as way of greeting Steve after he unlocks the door. It’s a tiny room with one double bed, a dresser, and barely enough floor space to walk entirely around it.
“Ok…” Tony clearly doesn’t believe him. He crosses his arms across his chest and Steve can see in the glass how it stretches the fabric of his shoulders. Steve waits patiently for Tony to decide this subject isn’t worth pursuing and he’d rather be enjoying himself with the rest of the party.
This time Steve manages to get it done. It’s tilted and wider on the left, but it’s there, tied, and he’s still here, inches away from Tony’s lips. “You don’t get it at all,” he tells Tony and dips his head down so that he can close the empty space between them. Tony makes a surprised gasp, but that’s the only sign he wasn’t expecting Steve to kiss him, and a second later he’s an active participant, pushing Steve around and back and against the wall.
Doctor Strange raised his hand towards Tony and read from a book in a language Tony had no knowledge of. They continued for at least fifteen minutes. Tony shifted from foot to foot, more and more aware of the fact that this was probably a joke at his expense. He was seriously considering walking away when Doctor Strange stopped speaking and motioned towards him. “Now is when you say the name of your sheriff in the way you knew him.”
“That means that Steve is--”
“I saw that one…” Steve says, gently, the lines of his forehead especially noticeable. When did Steve get wrinkles? “And don’t worry about it.”
‘As far as he could go’ ended up only being a few miles until he heard the sound of hooves rapidly approaching behind him.
Steve struggles to take his eyes off of Tony’s fingers and their handiwork. “I thought…”
“How long?”
“This plan has a higher chance of success if you aren’t wearing Captain America cosplay.” Steve releases Tony’s wrists and lets him finish unzipping the jacket and unbuckling his utility belt, while keeping watch over Tony’s head. When Steve’s down to just the white sleeveless undershirt he keeps permanently glued to his body and the ill-fitting pants, Tony slips off anything that indicates he was trying to pretend he was a SHIELD agent more than forty years into the future and rolls it all into an odd shaped ball of clothes. “None of what we’re wearing is period appropriate--” he thinks that’s the case at least, he wasn’t really alive to know “--but we’re just going to have to own it. Uh...look like you belong.”
Then, they just...talk. They talk about their favorite pizza places that closed after the snap and Morgan and Steve’s support groups and helpful modifications they could make to the compound. They talk until the pizza box has been moved to the dresser and they’re brushing their teeth with the same travel sized toothbrush they bought from Duane Reade.
The hologram’s face fell. “You can trust me, I promise,” it said, like he knew exactly what Steve was thinking.
Tony takes a couple of deep breaths. “I’m just saying it’s worth waiting until we have more Pym Particles. Then we can go back as a team.”
too close. “I’m not sure that’s relevant,” Tony replied, choosing to downplay the wave of despair that flooded his heart when he thought of Steve.
“And don’t tell me what you think I’m already supposed to know,” Tony says before Steve decides on his next move.
Steve could fill the tower with all the things he wishes Tony knew. “I love you.” He lays his hand gently on Tony’s wet cheek. “That’s what I need you to know.”
Tony’s not sure if that’s true. The serum has certainly extended Steve’s life considerably, already. There is no reason to assume he couldn’t wait it out.
Tony shoves that idea away as soon as he thinks it. The logical progression of that idea is that it’s
The compound is so huge, too large for just Tony and this conversation. He can’t help but bitterly think that the entire team should be here, hearing this. Even if Vision was here...this is Avengers business, above-his-pay grade type of crazy. “Are you saying in the future I invent time travel?”
home, wherever that was and he berated himself for not having anything planned for an emergency like this. Anonymity had made sense before this, when Iron Man had seemed so invincible. Now? Not so much.
Steve shakes his head. “This isn’t the time, or the place.”
“Hey,” Steve says and breaks him of the onslaught of verbiage he’s spewing from his mouth.
Tony starts up platform. He searches himself for a good response, a good last word to get in, but finds he has nothing but, “good luck, Steve.”
“Which ones?” He looks genuinely curious, but not upset, just interested.
“That bad?”
“Yeah, ‘oh.’” Steve stands up in a motion that causes the bed to bounce. “I’m going to take a shower,” he announces, terse.
Tony blinks a couple of times. “But, you’re old.” Way older than the last time Tony had seen him, when they had been punching each other’s heads in.
“No, they’re terrible!” Tony exclaimed and it took him by surprise. He’d never say such a thing about Mae Parker, even if it was true. “Oh no… It can’t be…”
Steve’s choice of restaurant doesn’t track for what Tony would think Steve would do. There are white table cloths and multiple forks and a wine list with bottles that cost more than one hundred dollars that Steve discreetly attempts to hide.
“What’s going on?” Steve asked, far angrier than Tony would have expected.
Tears prickle at the corners of Tony’s eyes. His heart seizes in his chest.
Tony had a few reasons to doubt that was the case. Maybe it was just a product of Nathan’s advanced age, but he seemed perfectly comfortable sitting across the room. The second was, well, worth confirmation. “I read a file on you once. Top secret. You’re important.” Tony sat down again and held Nathan’s gaze. “You’re Nomad.”
“I--Tony Stark--was dating
Tony takes a couple of deep breaths. Steve needs this, and Tony wants Steve to feel better. What happened to Tony during the reign of Hydra isn’t Steve’s fault. He can do this; he can be here for Steve, and then the questions will stop. “I’ll do it, but--”
“Tony,” Steve says as he opens the door wide enough Tony can step though. “What can I do for you?” His voice has a pinched quality, as if he’s trying very hard to sound normal as he speaks. Probably has something to do with his puffy, red eyes.
“Sleep well, Tony,” Steve mumbles. He sounds tired. Tony does one last victory dance over their night together while cataloging the events in his head. The idea that Steve’s into his prostate goes right next to Rhodey’s birthday in the ‘remember for future use’ mental drawer.
“What do I owe the pleasure?” he asks with a smile tight across his face and one hand gripping the back of the chair he was sitting on.
. “How do you feel?”
I looked around me, and saw nothing but an empty field rapidly falling into darkness as the sun finally disappeared. “There isn’t really anywhere to go,” I began after failing to see anywhere to hide Steve while he was on the mend. I tugged down his sweater and rubbed my hand over my shoulder.
Tony blinked, more annoyed than he was minutes ago. Why exactly had Wong invited him over to speak to this doctor, who was not actually a doctor? “What is your name? I’m not sure you told me when I entered.”
Steve breaks, then and there, in the kitchen of the penthouse apartment they share, in the home they’ve be building. “Sure doesn’t feel that way.”
, even if he was confused at everyone who was coming to speak to him. From this far away, Tony could almost sense the beating of his heart and the air moving through his lungs. He wanted nothing more than to run and take Steve firmly into his arms, to
Tony thinks he should correct him.
Hospital monitors tick around him, creating discordant noise that amplifies under its own weight as Tony uses Extremis from far away to combine with the machines keeping Happy alive. He thinks he must be the worst person alive because he can’t even look at Happy as he kills him.
Tony puts on the clothes because he’s a tad chilly now, and he’s regretful about it. Maybe he does it a little too slow. Steve’s already moved on to picking up Tony’s discarded swim shorts and hanging them in the bathroom. Tony has no idea what he’s going to do with the robe.
Tony gulps, clutches onto the fabric of his dress pants, and keeps his eyes focused on something just past Steve’s head. “I don’t know why you’d think that…”
Finding clothes is easier than Tony expects, and he decides to spend the extra hours wandering the streets, taking in everything he can. He lingers over a couple Pontiac GTOs and debates the merits of improving his car collection if they manage to succeed on this Time Heist business. Most of his old ones never made it through the move to the lake house, he reminds himself, and avoids dwelling on the reasons why.
Tony decides against making a joke about Steve’s age. It would just prolong the conversation. “Ok, I’ll leave you to it, then. I’ll be in the workshop, if you need me.”
“I told you I can’t say anything.”
“It is,” Steve replies, very quick, and Tony can tell there’s more he wants to say. There’s a few moments where Tony debates himself about whether to let him continue, whether this conversation is about to get heavier than the two of them are ready to handle. Tony chooses to keep quiet and wait for Steve to fill the silence. “It’s been a while for me, too.” Steve groans, like he’s a tad ashamed for even saying that.
They materialize in the same alley they left. Or at least, it’s almost the same alley; decades of dust and dirt have disappeared from the towering brick beside them and a bright yellow 1968 Ford Shelby is parked a few feet away. Both are good signs that they’ve ended up exactly where they wanted to be.
“Looks like it.” There was a sticky-wet spot on the front of his black turtleneck. “Is that blood?” I asked, and didn’t wait for a response before I began to tug up the wool sweater. “Not trying to feel you up, I promise,” I whispered, trying to deflect my own nerves as I discovered a gash covered in dried blood right above Steve’s belly button.
“Now I do!” Tony says, practically screeches. “I would really like to have those memories.” He’s frantically searching for something in Steve’s eyes. “Or new memories, at least.”
“Wait, no--” Tony begins to say when it becomes clear that they don’t have the sort of space to make that work, “Let me, I just need to…” and he kicks the rest of the blanket out from where it’s tucked under the mattress. The whole process involves moving a lot of limbs and leads to Tony kneeing Steve’s bare thighs a couple of times, but it finishes with both of them comfortable and warm, so Steve doesn’t complain.
“Yeah,” Steve responds. He finally steps back from Tony and wipes something away from his eye. “You’re always welcome.”
Steve looks to the side where there’s a clock on the gym’s wall. In the dark Tony can’t tell what time it is, but Steve can. “Actually, it’s ten and a half hours. I guess I should try and get some sleep before tomorrow.”
“Tony Stark.”
Morgan would normally say something smart or giggle or at least she would smile, but she’s not falling for Tony’s half-hearted attempts at levity. He wants to reach through the screen and tell her it’s all going to be ok. Maybe tomorrow he’ll believe it.
“That’s okay.” Steve’s face falls like it’s not at all okay, and Tony wants to simultaneously prod at that look, feed Steve’s disappointment until the tension of the room breaks the walls, and needs to wipe it away with feather light kisses and gentle endearments.
“Want what?”
Tony can’t remember the last time making out had felt so exciting on its own merits. A strange, surprising, and completely out-of-character thought jumped into his mind: he’d be ok if this was all that happened tonight. This is a fulfilling endeavor.
Tony’s internal monologue reacts very strongly to the situation. “My pleasure.” He pulls what little focus he can wrench away from the moaning man beneath him and puts it to use in maintaining his speed. His abdominal muscles and thighs are feeling the strain, and he’s getting closer to an orgasm than he’d like to be right now.
A big one, the kind that comes right up from the stomach and through the lungs and opens his mouth wide. Steve joins in, both of their bodies shaking with laughter. Tony laughs so hard his abdomen hurts, so hard his cheeks twinge. He’s still gasping for air when he can finally get words out and say, “We just keep falling into the same patterns, don’t we?”
“I can’t live in Avengers Mountain.” As soon as he says it, he knows he should have just said no to everything. Not being in the mountain is an imperfect boundary and one that won’t alleviate the problem. “The work I’m doing with Stark Unlimited is just too important to me,” he half-lies to explain and hopes it’s enough.
Tony looked from him to Wong and back and was dismayed to find neither of them laughing. “I don’t believe in magic,” he grunted and stood up. He had better things to do than to talk about Steve’s death and be the center of some odd joke.
“Nothing,” Steve answers. He’s looking around the room, maybe purposefully avoiding looking at Tony. “Or almost nothing.” Tony follows what he’s seeing instead and discovers there is so little to see in the room. A few photographs, yes, but nothing else besides dark blue sheets to indicate that it was Steve who lived here. “He had to know about Hydra, for example. But I never told him I knew you until you were born, and even then, I never said anything besides that you grew up to be a great man.”
“Tony!” Steve called once he recognized him. “They’re telling me I was dead.” His voice carried across the town, drawing even more people to step outside or look out their windows.
“I’m flattered, I really am.” Tony doesn’t feel flattered. He’s looking at a spot on the ceiling, trying to focus on whether that crack he sees is a sign Avenger’s Mountain has structural deficiencies, and successfully avoids Steve’s eyes. “And a part of me wishes I could fight by your side again.” His eyes move to the floor, and then the walls, momentarily darting to look at Steve’s face. “I’m sorry.”
Steve shakes his head. He’s not going to make it easy for Tony.
“Thanks,” Tony says, already turning around and closing the door. His skin is buzzing. He sits with a huff on the bed and opens the drawer. In the front is a small, half-filled, bottle of water-based lube beside a box of condoms. It looks like there’s only a few missing, and they’re getting awfully close to the expiration date. Tony takes one, puts it with the lube on the top of the nightstand, and places the box back where it belongs.
“I missed you,” Steve says, because it isn’t awkward enough between them.
“Now I see you understand.” Doctor Strange stood up. “Take a little time to think about it. I’ll be here for the week.” He turned away from Tony. “Wong, as always, your tea is delicious.”
A loud crash rang from down the hall. Steve was on his feet immediately and out the door almost as fast. Privacy be damned; Iron Man had almost died, and the crash had sounded
“He’s going to come back,” she responds.
Tony almost says
“Check the nightstand, besides the bed. In the bottom drawer.”
(Steve would say the opposite and he’d be right.)
, or joining him in the shower, but Tony doesn’t just want Steve. He
Steve looks right at Tony, his brow clenched in confusion. “It’ll be different this time.”
He doesn’t, Tony can see, but he must feel it’s time to back down. There’ll be comments later, things Steve and the others will say that Tony will have to reject, over, and over, and Tony doesn’t want to do any of this. “Good.” Tony swallows. He’ll acquiesce to Steve eventually. That very thought hurts--he’s too weak, he’s too scared. “Is there anything else you needed?”
Tony does a little victory dance in his head. Without losing his grip, he walks Steve backwards until Steve’s knees hit his bed and he involuntarily sits. “Good.” Tony feels very powerful in this position, very in control. He’s confident enough to slip the robe off his shoulders like he’s giving a strip tease. Steve’s wide-eyed and complete attention is on him. It’s intoxicating. Tony wants to bottle up this intensity and keep it to himself. He wants Steve to always look at him like this.
When someone is so eager to make you happy, the best response is to meet them halfway and make sure they understand how much they're appreciated. Which is exactly why Tony begins to a litany of barely parsable compliments. “You’re so good, so
Fine. This is fine. Steve can play this game. He grabs the bow tie off of Tony’s hand and steps close enough to be flush with Tony’s chest.  As quick as he can, he wraps the tie around Tony’s neck, leans down so he can see exactly what he is doing, and begins to finagle the cloth.  Tony’s breath is hot and sharp and stinking of alcohol, Steve can even taste it in the air.
Tony laughs, despite telling himself that is probably not the proper answer to Steve’s stoic response. “I guess as the Avengers’ resident time traveler, you should know.” The weird electric tension from earlier has faded into something less sexual but more loaded, and Tony finally sneaks a look at Steve. He expects Steve to seem wired tight, jaw clenched and brow furrowed, but he’s still soft and casual and half sitting on the dresser.
Steve uses a napkin to wipe some sauce from corner of his mouth. “I’m not sure I have that sort of time,” he responds, matter-of-fact, with none of the heaviness of the implication in his voice.
mean.” Steve shrugs. “Also, the five years after that.”
Sam, Barnes, and Natasha join him. “Good idea,” she says. Tony tears himself off the stoop.
Tony cuts him off, his words falling out of his mouth to quick to be legible. “You didn’t do anything.” He tries, tries,
It’s how he’s able to put off answering Steve for so long.
“The old fashioned way,” the man replied. He had a deep voice with an accent that sounded like he came from the East Coast but read more books than he spoke to people. “He told me about all the interesting things that have happened here since the sheriff was killed and the mayor was ousted. I wanted to see this place for myself.”
, with big eyes and disbelief in his voice, and Tony responded with something silly like
“I’m taking that as a positive statement,” Tony mumbles. Steve lays back down again and looks up at him with soft focused eyes. Tony pulls back until the head of his cock is caught on the rim of Steve’s asshole, and then pushes forward in one slow, steady slide. Then he repeats the action. “Fuck Steve, you feel like… a something. I don’t know, but it’s a good thing.” Steve has this lazy smile on his face as his lungs move in tandem with Tony’s thrusts. Tony can’t get enough of watching his chest rise and fall. It’s a truly phenomenal picture.
Tony assumed the ‘good friend’ was the strangely-attired man sitting with them. He had never met him before, but all of Timely had been talking about the new stranger since he entered the town yesterday. After a full twenty-four hours of gossip, Tony felt like he already knew the man. “You look like someone that’s seen the world. How did Wong lure you into this two-horse town?”
“We’re going to need disguises and some identification. And--” He flashes a look at the street signs at the intersection as they quickly cross the street. “--And a ride to Camp Lehigh. You couldn't have gotten us any closer?” His tone of voice holds all the Captain America energy he’s currently repressing.
“Doctor Strange, huh?” Tony avoided the impulse to huff. “What a name. You’ll fit in great in Timely. And what exactly are your skills?”
“Good… that’s good,” Iron Man mumbled, his words sounding like static as the voice modulator began to work completely. He lifted his hand and made a weak ‘thumbs-up’ gesture. “I’m good.”
Tony wants to ask more clarifying questions, more hows and wheres, and definitely a lot of whens, but they’ve already covered the basics. So instead he says, “That’s how you got in. FRIDAY didn’t send up any red flags because you have the same biometrics as Steve Rogers. Due to the fact that you
Steve is just more than he can fit into his life. He’s unwieldy, full of rough edges you’d never see at first glance, but magnetic and brilliant even further underneath that. Tony always wanted all of him and knew it was never in the cards. It had felt like compassion to have his heart broken, to find his limits and to be made to live within them for once.
“I’m not this big.
Multiple responses must go through Natasha’s mind. Tony can see it in the small movement of her eyes as she stares at Tony. She’s lost the natural instinct to hide the mechanizations of her mind from everyone else. She trusts people, and Tony is just now realizing this has been slowly happening since they met. “I just think, if you asked him to stay here, he would.”
“Pretty great, right?” Tony finishes for him. He’s feeling really floaty at the moment.
It must be, because Steve nods in acceptance and looks a little sad to hear it. “That’s ok, I understand.”
Tony takes half a second to feel proud that
Steve shakes his head, not like he disagrees but like he’s trying to dislodge a thought, and pushes himself up so that can sit and move his legs out from under Tony. “I used to wonder a lot if it would be different if we could do it all over again. Right from the beginning.”
“Here,” Steve says and breaks Tony’s internal monologue by shoving some clothes in his face. Ok, so ‘shoving’, is kinda off base. He gently hands Tony a folded t-shirt and athletic shorts, but Tony’s so startled the distinction is irrelevant.
Tony fell into place beside him. They walked in silence towards the town while Tony thought through everything. He decided to voice his biggest fear. “I don’t know how strong this spell is. And I don’t know what that means.”
Tony picks up the short and fluffy robe he left nearby as well as a cold water bottle. He downs the water in a series of gulps and ties the robe tightly around himself. The cold air on his warm skin does nothing to make him more likely to sleep. Nervous energy is vibrating down his body and keeping him bouncing on the ball of his feet. He’s already disappointed in advance because rubbing one out isn’t going to fix this problem.
“I plugged you in, just like I was told by Tony’s hologram, I mean, how Tony
“Hmmm…” Steve’s eyes unfocus like this is the first time he’d been told he’s ultra masculine.
Tony reaches out so that he can trace Steve’s wet lips. “Fantastic birthday present.”
thing, he’ll have to make it possible so that Morgan won’t miss him. Tony falls asleep thinking about the logistics of the next time he’s going to stay over
“Can you pretend to not be something out of a photoshoot for a little while?” Tony asks, feeling very exposed next to all this sweaty skin. They’re already getting looks. Steve doesn’t respond, just lets his silence be the question, and Tony continues, “I'm concerned you’re going to start a public health crisis if enough people see you and swoon.”
Tony says the line in his head a few times and already knows it’s not going to come out of his mouth. “It’s not like that between us.”
things--”
“See you later!” Tony calls to the rest of the group. They’re already walking to their respective vehicles and don’t seem to care that Tony’s entering Steve's building.
Tony refused to look at him. “I can’t. Not anymore.”
Steve’s staring somewhere half a foot above Tony’s shoulder. “Uh, yeah? It was pretty boring during those two years on the run. It’s not like the quinjet has a gym to keep me busy.”
That tension just sits there for a while, quiet and exhausting; Tony’s instinct is to handwave any of that away--he has someone in front of him who needs help, and they’ve just handed him a new toy to play with. But…he can’t just ignore it, can’t just pretend he feels a little put upon to be taking this favor from Steve.
“I’m not promising anything. You can’t promise what’s already true,” Steve says, sweet and earnest, and possibly on the verge of tears. Tony doesn’t know. Tony can’t see him.
“Why are you like this?” Tony asks and shakes his head. “Why are you always
His hands moved swiftly across the transparent, holographic keys as he began to do his own mission report. “Wait…” he muttered, the thoughts not taking hold in sequence with his surprise. “What if…”
surprised, how comfortable those two were together.” He was jealous, but he doesn’t say that. It was a weird emotion then, and it’s weird now.
His fingers covered mine where I was gingerly tracing the edges of the wound. “It’s already healing. I’m going to be fine.” His face was pale and his breathing was shallow, but he was right about the wound. It already was healing. “I just need to rest for a little bit and get my strength up.”
It’s three in the morning when Tony’s eyes begin to droop. It’s been twelve hours--at least--since his last coffee, so it’s understandable. Since he moved back into the compound he’s been keeping the coffee all the way in the kitchen to make it more difficult to drink. It’s the best option next to his doctor’s recommendation that he should just give it up.
There are things he’s doing now he can barely explain to himself. Things that keep him up at night.
Steve looks back at him with a grin. “When I was a kid we lived on the sixth floor. Imagine climbing that everyday, with
“And who exactly was the other guy?” I saw at least one broken arm and the beginnings of bruises all over his face. Whoever they were, they got him good.
are on the floor. “Next time. Now, I want to fuck you.”
“Then why have you been avoiding me? Why can’t we talk right now?” Steve takes a deep breath, clearly aware that his voice is rising. “Ever since that Nazi bastard took--”
. He doesn’t say anything at all.
Tony wraps the cardigan around him and waits, knowing Steve won’t return unless he picks up the phone.
It’s the direction the night has been trending towards since Tony walked up the apartment steps, but it still catches him off guard for a second. “Yeah, definitely.” He leans over Steve—careful to not touch him—and picks up the condom. It rolls easy down Tony’s cock. And just because he knows Steve’s watching, he strokes himself with lube a few times. “Are you sure you can take it? Or would you like something a little...bigger?”
Tony’s slipping into a mental place where logistics matter most, his brain trying to plot out a plan so that they can continue to the main event, so he’s surprised when it’s Steve who asks, “Are you still up for fucking me?”
“Tony…” Steve mutters against his mouth while Tony’s hand slips lower and lower and lower, stopping at the bottom of his t-shirt. He rests his fingers there for a second, enjoying the delicious tension of deciding what’s going to happen next, before slipping his hand under the shirt and up the sturdy muscle of Steve's chest.
“He can only make
>>I’m sorry.
“Tony, I didn’t mean--”
It’s good to care about this work again. For so long his world was the pod and the horror show with Steve’s face. For so long his thoughts were dominated by
Least of all, Steve.
One last time, he checks that his Avengers communicator is properly calibrated to the suit. The nanobots glisten through the glass syringe, constantly catching his vision, and he knows he won't understand this when he wakes up. He didn't last time
The way Tony’s heart pounds at the thought of stepping closer.
It’s entirely irrational. The kissing wasn’t even the thing Tony’s been thinking of when he’d led himself into this badly thought-out plan. The things he had been thinking about were the wide expanse of muscle that was Steve’s chest and the pressure of Steve’s hard-on against his thigh. These things are still there, and Tony is definitely still noticing them, but
“In the groups I run, we talk a lot about taking it ‘one day at a time’. You just got to wake up and live the moment in front of you,” Steve explains and Tony doesn’t have to look at him to see him to know he’s staring nowhere in particular. “Doesn’t matter
Nathan pulls something from his pocket that could be a watch but clearly isn’t. “Because I need an assist, and you’re the smartest man I know.”
“Every time I see you--I can’t put my finger on it, exactly--but it’s like you’re not happy to see me.” Steve squints, as if he can physically see past Tony’s bullshit. “Except, it’s not even that. It’s like you can’t look at me, at all. Did I do something?”
He saw Steve’s head turn towards him out of his peripheral vision. “What did you say?” Steve asked, as if the wind on the dirt had spoken and not Tony.
Steve bites his lip and stifles a silent chuckle before looking away. Tony has a hard time wrenching his attention from where Steve’s eyes were a second ago and it’s with effort he changes posture and looks up again at the sky. The spot over his shoulder—where Steve sits—becomes so magnetized that Tony puts all of his focus in
Steve grits his teeth. Tony had once told him about these Extremis-induced hallucinations while they had been laying in the safety of their bed. Steve had held him close while he listened to the perverted way Tony’s brain found to haunt him. Steve wants to do that now, but he can’t. He’s powerless, at the mercy of time and circumstance and the whim of an infinity gem.
Tony’s no longer looking out the glass at the stars. Steve knows he’s being watched, is being studied. “The joke I made about the SHRA.” He pauses to chew on his lower lip for a second. “You do know it was a joke, right?”
he tells himself.
“About tomorrow,” Tony clarifies and he sits on his hands. “Returning to your old haunting grounds, and all that.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, quiet and to his feet. “I really am.”
Rocket is the first to step away from the group. Without looking back, he’s making a beeline to Quill and Groot. Tony watches him walk away with a sense of finality.
Tony feels like he’s being patronized. “Who the hell are you?”
There was silence in the room. Tony could tell he was being evaluated. Wong spoke up to ease the tension. “My friend has many talents,” he explained. “The one he is referring to is rare and difficult to accomplish, and I have only seen it done once before. It requires the sort of assistance that few are willing to give.” It was pretty clear that this 'talent' had to do with Steve's death.
, you mean,” Tony cuts into say. He’s agitated again, Steve can hear how much he hates the idea of Steve’s death.
There’s a brief second where Tony wouldn’t be surprised if Steve yelled at him for thinking about drinking before such an important mission, but he must get it’s a joke because he smiles instead and says, “Oh that one, Nat and I finished it a few years ago.”
And that takes Tony back to a different time, far more effectively than their pillow fight had. He flops down onto the bed and chances a glance at Steve. “I have a confession.”
“No, no, no, no,” Tony cuts in to say. “This is a bad idea. You shouldn’t be doing this by yourself. We had an entire team before, and even that was chaos.”
Tony’s turned around and almost out the door when he hears Steve behind him call, “Talk to you later!”
Tony thought about walking to Steve’s bedroom door, and the hologram walked out of the room. He followed the video feed that was working as Tony’s eyes as it turned the corner and crossed the (too short) distance between where the two of them lived.
The excitement around the old sheriff’s return generated enough confusion in the town to make it easier for Tony to slip out that night. He carried only what he could manage on his back and on his horse. He didn’t have much of a plan besides leave, and the next train through town wasn’t until Monday.
Tony said nothing. That was his plan--he couldn’t be incriminated if he didn’t say a word.
He’s not going to ask for confirmation that this theory is true. He’s not sure what he wants the answer to be. He does, however, have another question about the night before the Time Heist. “Why did you sleep with me the first time?”
Steve waits, patient, and prompts, “Tony?” when he doesn’t say anything.
It did, and it didn’t look good. With a sigh, Tony sat down heavily on his desk chair. There was one of two possible problems going on here. Either the hologram was improperly copying his actions, or Tony really was failing at being the suave man everyone expected him to be. “Remove the delay,” Tony ordered the hologram. Instantly the hologram was sitting on air, in the same position Tony was. Tony waved, it waved. Tony coughed, it coughed. Tony pulled his shoulder back to straighten his posture, the hologram did the same.
He could have spent weeks upon weeks testing, but Happy and Pepper and the public were growing more and more concerned by his disappearance. This was the best way to stave off their questions. Tony--the real one, the flesh and blood--would be Iron Man, and his hologram would be Tony Stark, the billionaire playboy funder of the Avengers.
“That’s perfect.”
This will have to be enough.
The show of charm does nothing for Steve’s frown, which holds up strong against Tony’s attempt at lightening the mood. “You don’t have to lie for me.”
“You’re exactly who I’m looking for,” is Tony’s immediate response. Another devious smile, another tickle in Steve’s gut.
Steve answers quickly. He’s changed from his swimsuit into a pair of ocean-blue pajama pants. Of course, they’re blue, Tony thinks. Seeing them adds a new concern to Tony’s calculus. Maybe Steve was
“No,” Doctor Strange replied, and shook his head. He turned to Wong to tell him, “Why do people always think that?” Wong only smiled and poured himself more tea.
Steve takes a very big breath and closes his eyes. “Yeah, that’s it. And honestly, it’s not really a big deal. It’s a worthwhile trade. I get punched a lot. I’ll take being able to stay in the fight over an easier sex life.” His words have a practiced quality to them, like Steve’s given himself this speech many times before. He finally turns to look at Tony. Tony doesn’t like the look in his eye. And he definitely doesn’t like the way Steve said ‘sex life’.
“Ha, ha,” Steve laughs again. “I’ll believe it when I see it.”
, on his lips and the world watching from the sidelines.
“Among other things. And they weren’t
“Thanks.” Steve takes the burger from Tony’s hand and stuffs about a quarter of it into his mouth. “I just copied the first guy I saw in the street.” There’s some ketchup on the corner of his mouth. Tony debates about saying something about it, but just grabs a handful of fries from Steve’s plate.
Steve knows the other side of anger now, knows what it’s like to hold Tony in his arms and to feel his skin against his. Tony doesn’t deserve the future he’s hurtling towards; he doesn’t deserve the Skrulls, or Osborn, or losing his memory--
“All of it,” Steve says, the hint of a command in his voice, and he clearly means the boxers Tony’s erection are straining against. They slip down, too, but slower than before. The thought crosses Tony’s mind that he’s walking past a line he can’t uncross. One night of sex could mean anything, but two nights needs an explanation, a label, and a future. He looks down at Steve and knows he doesn’t want to stop, that he doesn’t care about the consequences.
“It’s me,” Steve says. There isn’t a calendar on the wall or a copy of today’s paper, but based by haunted look in Tony’s eyes, he knows where he is and when he is, which means whatever he’s going to tell Tony won’t be believed.
, because—fuck—closure is one hell of a drug.
Steve wraps his hand around the base of Tony’s dick while Tony flails behind him for something to grab onto. Turns out there’s only the door. “Fuck,” he whispers. A minute ago if someone had asked Tony to describe the location of his limbs, he’d probably do a pretty fine job at it. Making out with Steve had been engrossing, but the place where Steve’s hand is holding his cock is now the center of the universe. The rest of him could just not exist and Tony wouldn’t have noticed. There was a time where people used to accuse him of thinking with his dick.
“I’m from
. Steve seems to have a throw-everything-at-the-wall approach to blowjobs because Tony’s getting an appetizer sampler of techniques. This includes licking a long, wet strip along Tony’s shaft, pressing light kisses at the head, bobbing up and down like a Hoover, and even taking Tony’s cock so far down his throat that his nose hits the dark curls at the base. Uh,
“Have to, what, exactly?” Tony smirks as he talks and pushes Steve’s pants down from his hips. Steve’s cock is no longer a hypothetical Tony’s been constructing in his head. It’s real, it’s hard, and it’s quite big. “Do this?” He wraps his fingers around the shaft and revels in how Steve’s breaths leave his lungs with increasing frequency.
Steve grabs him by the shoulder. “Tony...I—” He wants something he’s not sure he can ask for.
Steve nods, presses a button on the Time GPS, and disappears.
--Steve Rogers--I can’t...I don’t even know what to say. And I can’t even remember.” Tony shakes his head. “Steve, look at me,” he pleads. Steve listens. The light of the stars outside are reflected in Tony’s glassy eyes. “You
“Of course,” Steve replies and he means it. It can only be a joke to Tony; it’s just something he’s read about. It’s not something he’s lived.
Natasha’s quiet for more than a beat as she reaches the same conclusion Tony’s made. “You don’t think he’s going to come back, do you?”
“You should see… the other… guy,” Steve panted. I took heart in the fact that his voice was coming in stronger as he spoke.
None of this is Steve fault, Tony repeats. Over and over again.
The problem was Steve wanted to. Over the last week he found that his missed Tony more than he could have ever expected. The suave billionaire was somehow one of his closest friends, and then there was the maybe-sorta-could-be-a-thing between them where somehow Tony Stark was romantically interested in him.
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s a simple yes or no question.” Tony pouts. At first it’s in earnest; he’s surprisingly offended by Steve’s response. But then the crinkles forming around Steve’s eyes break down his defenses and he begins to laugh, too. “Just say, ‘yes Tony, you blew my mind.’ It’s not that hard.”
Tony plows on. “Because you seemed to be really enjoying yourself and then you got quiet and disappeared. Is this about the thing earlier?”
“It’s ok, I’d also assume you were getting laid.” Tony sits down on the bed and feels a spring struggling to break loose of the mattress. His back twitches.
Tony runs.
“Steve, Steve, Steve, honey,
The only person Steve knew who could help was Tony Stark, and the man was notoriously difficult to find at the moment. Steve expected to have to shout for Jarvis when he entered the mansion’s doors, but he was surprised to find the hologram that looked just like Tony waiting for him on the stairs. “Tony?” Steve asked, because time was too precious to be suspicious.
, Tony.”
in his dick.
Steve frowns. Tony had hoped that ‘fine’ sounded less like he was blowing Steve off, but clearly it doesn’t. “Should’ve just gone to that pizza place down by the mansion, the one where--”
“Hiya, Cap,” Iron Man greeted him, already ready to go. “I sounded the signal. Looks like the Masters of Evil again and haven't heard from either Hank and Jan or Thor. I guess we’re on our own until we know more.” His voice was mechanical, filtered through the voice modulator he used to keep his secret identity.
Steve smirks, honest-to-goodness smirks, and props himself up to his knees. “What’re you going to do about it?”
The man didn’t answer.
Against all logic, he feels tired. “Good night, Steve.”
. Internally, Tony’s trying to convince himself he isn’t, and he won’t. He workshops a couple of responses to Steve, but’s interrupted by the notification sound coming from his phone. Steve’s warm and the bed is comfortable, but the message could be from Pepper. It could be about Morgan. That thought causes him to sit up and reach for his pants so that he can slip the phone from his back pocket. “It’s only Rhodey,” he says aloud, relieved that nothing’s wrong at home. “He wants to know why I’m not sleeping at HQ.” Tony can just tell him he doesn’t want to sleep on a cot in the Midtown hotel ballroom the Avengers were using to coordinate their relief efforts, but Rhodey’s just going to follow up with questions about his whereabouts.
Steve nods in agreement. “I don’t want you to put your clothes back on.” He looks down Tony’s body in a way that less sex and more cherishing. “But you’re welcome to any of my clothes.”
“I just need to do a couple more things.” He looks at the shield, laying right next to Tony, and runs his fingers against the grooves in the vibranium surface. “Can you make another?” he asks.
I stood up and watch as the man--or most likely a man with those shoulders--slowly approached, the setting sun lighting him from behind and leaving him as only a dark silhouette. There was something off about his gait and the way he was holding his arm. He appeared to be injured and losing the struggle to stay upright fast.
By this point he's standing at the edge of the hot tub. Tony has to crank his head up to look at him, and the combination of the angle and the light from outside draws attention right to the center of his swimwear.
Tony figuratively pats himself on the back for waiting until Steve has turned around before he takes in the broad expanse of muscle that is his back and thighs. Even Steve’s little ass is perfect. “Shit,” Tony mumbles to himself when the door closes after Steve. He knows now that if he returns to his room he’s going to entertain a simple fantasy where Steve would ask him to jack off in front of him and come across that perfect chest. Even the suggestion of the fantasy is making him hard.
, Tony told himself. “Let me humor you. If I freely give up my ability to lie, you’ll bring Steve back. How?”
--Tony’s space. “But I’d like to talk more about the Avengers.”
“Yeah. She would be.”
Steve grinds his teeth and this further cements Tony’s discomfort with the whole affair. “Tony, I’ll be fine. I have a lot of time to prepare, and we already know what to expect.”
Tony walked closer and closer to him, causing Steve to take small steps backward until the back of his knees bumped into a desk chair. Without any grace, Steve’s butt fell into the chair and he looked up to see a blue face looking down at him, blue like Tony’s eyes. It shouldn’t have worked, and Steve couldn’t feel a thing, but Tony’s transparent form never stopped until it had climbed on top of him. “Everything’s ok, and I
Sure, that admission pulls on Tony’s heartstrings, but it also makes him feel like he’s important and powerful enough to be entrusted with this information. It’s probably that feeling which spurs him to shift closer to Steve, slot his body behind him, and wrap his arm around Steve’s chest.
He takes a walk to the communal kitchen with the excuse of getting a glass of water, but really because he wanted to see if the rest of the team was following Rhodey’s orders. It’s mostly quiet and dark and nothing like yesterday night when he walked through these halls thinking of possibilities and not the new hole in his life. An uncharitable thought jumps into his head as he searches for a cup in the cupboard: if Natasha, Steve, and Scott hadn’t convinced him to join their hairbrained scheme, she’d be here right now.
Steve cuts Rhodey off. “There
There was a slight delay in Tony’s response, as if he, too, needed time to process what was going on. “The one and only.”
“Can we get to the point of the matter?” Tony asked as he poured himself more tea. “It’s always lovely to stop by and visit you--” He looked across the table at Wong, who gave him a subtle smile in return. “--But I’m not sure why I’m here.”
“What I was going to ask was—”
Doctor Strange spoke before Tony placed his cup back on the table. “And there was a time you didn’t believe in sobriety, but look how things change.” Tony was stunned by the mention of his past drinking. For a few seconds he felt betrayed that Wong had said something about it, but the shame he experienced was stronger.
“Of course it was,” Steve says, his eyes still fixated on Tony’s hand, and despite the fact that he thinks he has a pretty good grasp on Steve’s dry sense of humor, Tony can’t tell if he’s being sarcastic.
“I’m not,” Tony lies.
“You, too, Tony.”
Steve’s eyes drift to the ceiling. “Nice…” His chest rises and falls frantically as he grasps at the blanket beneath him.
The last ten hours have disappeared as Tony immersed himself in taking apart the Time GPS, far more comfortable thinking about the How of Steve’s time travel and not the Why. Which is exactly the reason he’s almost finished heating up the water for the French Press when he remembers Steve is supposed to be somewhere in the building. He decides to let the water wait and check to see where exactly Steve decided to lay his head for the night.
“You did good,” Natasha says. She looks exactly as she did the last time Tony saw her, right down to the braided hair. With a hand on her hip, she nods to compound’s ruins. “Left a little bit of a mess, though.”
“What is it with people and their fascination with blood and death?” Doctor Strange scoffed.
Steve pulls himself away from Tony, just enough that his focus moves from Tony’s lips to Tony’s eyes. “That you would be interested in this.”
“Of course,” he says, though actually telling them sounds impossibly hard at the moment. He adds it to his pile of tomorrow’s problems. “And—” he pauses, takes a deep breath, and looks Pepper right in the eye. “We’re going to win.”
He made no other farewell as Tony walked out, almost running through the front door. It was still daylight outside and the sun distracted him for just a second until he heard a commotion just across the road.
Steve didn’t know if he should believe that.
“I’ve seen your sex tape.” The words fall out in one quick breath, like Steve’s ripping off a band-aid.
And with that, Steve efficiently removes himself from the situation.
Steve leans into his hand. Tony likes the warmth of him, the realness of him. After so many years apart, after so many times he day dreamed about anything but comforting Steve, being here feels right, just. “Are you tired?” Steve asks.
Tony’s finger hovers above the y button for a second. Warning bells ring out in his head, he should shut the whole thing down, run away as fast as he can. This has to be a plot of someone like the Mandarin, it’s just too perfect of a set up, but Tony can’t let go of the thought that only, he, himself, would try to weasel into his brain on the promise of upsetting memories.
.” Steve would get on both knees if he thought it would make any difference.
Tony stood up and started pacing. He had to figure this out soon so he could talk to Steve. “Ok, let’s try it again. One, two, three. Record.” Tony stopped where he was standing, mimed knocking on a door and waited a couple of seconds before asking, “How’re you doing?” to thin air. He paused before cutting off the recording with a movement of his hand and then motioned for the hologram to repeat him.
Steve catches Tony’s wrist before he has a chance to eat any of them. “Why’re you the scientist?” Steve asks. “I think I’d make a fine ‘Doctor Stevens’.”
And there it is.
to give Tony satisfaction.
. My eyes and ears still work fine.” Steve’s a tad defensive.
“Anytime.” Steve gets up and turns off the light around the apartment. Before Tony can miss him, he’s tugging the blanket from underneath Tony’s body and covering them both with it.
“You’re right, I need to hop into the shower,” Steve responds. He’s already picking up the boxes and the few half-empty cans of beer. “Thank you for coming over.” Sincerity is dripping in his voice.
Tony gives himself only the amount of time it takes to drop the pizza boxes and cans onto the kitchen counter before he’s in front of Steve and pulling him closer for a kiss. He walks Steve forward until he’s crowding Steve against the kitchen sink, pushing closer against his body and winding his hands through Steve’s hair.
Tony defaults to overconfidence in the face of this confusing revelation. “What’s your review? Did it blow your mind? On a scale of one to earth-shattering, how great does it look like I am in bed?”
Steve tugged at my arm and I stared at him in confusion, unsure of what he was asking for and why he couldn’t just use his words. “Come down here,” he sad, soft, tired, and I reached out to where his hand circled my arm. A thin and invisible barrier separated us, made up of all the apologies we were never going to say.
“What can I do?” Steve asked, kneeling down next to Iron Man and trying again to find anything to release the armor.
“You know what I’m in the mood to do?” he asks when they break for air.
Then he pivoted as if he was going to leave and Tony didn’t hesitate to say, “Wait! I’ve already decided.” He didn’t believe any of this, so there was nothing to lose, and a small voice told him he’d always regret it even if he didn’t try. “I’ll do it.”
He turns to leave but Steve grabs him by the shoulder. “It’s fine. I wasn’t going to sleep. What do you want?”
The Time Gem floats before him. Steve should be surprised, but he mostly feels disappointment to discover they were never destroyed at all. The scenario hints at betrayal, but he doesn’t think too much of it as he reaches out and grabs it close.
The fact that he wants to fuck Steve doesn’t mean he will. If anything, acknowledging it makes it less likely, ruins the mystique and the urge. Acknowledging it means acknowledging all the other things he wants. And as good as fucking Steve would be--and Tony’s sure it would be
Steve opens his mouth a couple times, but closes it soon after. He has a lot of responses to that question. Some are half-truths. Some are down-right lies. All he thinks will distract from what was real; all would save Tony from being burdened the way Steve has been since that time.
“What are you doing?” Steve tenses.
Steve walks to the end of the alley, looks both ways, and says “I can do that.” His hands are on his hips and Tony sees a problem right away. Steve looks
“Hell yeah it is!” If Tony’s loud, well, he’s very excited. “I can’t believe it worked.”
“We could try?” Tony offers and he holds out his hand. “I’m Tony Stark, the genius billionaire playboy philanthropist. You may know me as Iron Man, or have seen me in the 2006 sex tape my publicist is still pretending is a fake.” He purposely goes broad and picks all the things he know Steve doesn’t care about.
Tony stands up and goes through the motions of getting ready for bed. He tugs on some pajamas and brushes his teeth and sets an alarm for the morning. He has the worst kind of jet lag—technically he’s been up for twenty-two hours straight if you include all the time in 2012 and 1970—and the idea of laying in bed sounds very inviting and very terrifying at the same time.
“What the hell are you doing?” Steve whisper-screeches. His eyes are big, surprised, and from this distance, very blue.
“What happens? Is it bad, good? How do we fix it?”
He really, really tries, but Tony can’t suppress the shudder that runs through him.
“I don’t have a lot of experience, but I guess I'd like to bottom,” Steve responds, like he’s as nervous as Tony. “but if it’s a—”
"Blank slate protocol," he tells the suit. "Autopilot activated. Drop me off somewhere nice."
Is there an answer to that Steve will accept? All of Steve’s insistence is crawling on his skin and it feels like fingers wrapped around his arms, holding him down on the floor of the helicarrier. Tony would do anything to make it stop. “You’re right,” Tony says, avoiding the question, because the answer is he’s going to hyperventilate if he has to listen to Steve ask something of him for a few more minutes. Of course it’s Steve’s face he can’t look at, it was Steve’s face that loomed over him, it was Steve’s fast that forcibly tilted his chin just so he could place brunt kiss to Tony’s lips. “Just let me think about it, ok? It’s a big decision. I’d like some time to think it through.”
the only one Steve’s trusted with this information. And even if Steve’s practically bending backwards to not say it, he feels ashamed that he’s like this. Tony doesn’t like this situation, at all. He also has no idea how to fix it. “How did you figure it out? I mean, the prostate thing? Now I’m imagining you in some foxhole in France with your fingers in your ass.” Tony adds the last part in hope that it’s so crass it’ll make Steve laugh.
“I was prepared in case we fucked up and ended up fifty years earlier than we wanted.”
Steve slams his head back onto the pillow. “Tony, if you don’t start fucking me in the next minute, I’m putting my clothes back on.”
Steve frowns, put off by Tony’s curt question, but then his shoulder square. Tony can see another question behind his eyes and now he’s wishing he had made an excuse to leave. “Actually, I was wondering if you’d like to grab dinner with me.”
He pushes forward,
He kept his eyes on the moonlit horizon when Steve approached.
Tony should have expected this. He should have a pre-packaged response. Or at least, he should have talked to Steve about how to handle it. He’ll feel shady if he talks about this with Natasha. “That proves nothing.”
“I know.” Pepper smiles a very sad smile. “You’ll make Natasha proud.” She looks up to the ceiling, clearly hearing something Tony can’t. “I should go tuck her in.”
“You can’t,” Tony said simply. “He’s dead. I saw him die.” He tried not to think about it too much, tried not to remember what it was like to hear Steve’s lifeless body hit the dirt of the Timely’s main road.
Tony rolls his eyes. “You didn’t answer my question. Also, it’s really weird when you try to tell ‘back-in-my-day’ stories.”
Steve must get what he’s thinking because he pouts. “I sleep on these.”
“Wow, Cap, what a lucky catch!” Tony shouted over the din of curious onlookers who were beginning to crowd them as the battle wound down. Hank had captured the last of the Masters of Evil a block away, and over by them, Janet had managed to tie up the Melter and Radioactive Man just fine while they waited for the police to take them.
Tony doesn’t take the bait. “You can stay in your old room. I’m really sure your younger self wouldn’t mind.”
, an unholy alliance of arms, abs, and whatever the name is of the muscle that sits between his shoulder blades.
to care about is the implication that he might be the first person Steve’s had an orgasm with. It’s a very heady responsibility he doesn’t know what to do with or how to live up to.
“I’ll be up before then. You don’t have to worry.”
“How do you feel about robbery?” Tony looks from side to side and tries to remember as much as he can about his family’s finances during this time. Steve’s not even giving him The Look, his disagreement is already implied. Tony feels compelled to clarify, “I think I can still forge my mom’s signature, and come on, is it really stealing if it’s money I’m going to inherit?”
It’s the first night they’ve been able to take a breath. Tony had been in Queens with May and Peter, helping them with their own housing issues, when he got a group text from Steve reading,
“That’s so hot,” Tony says, his natural inclination to fill up all silence with words beginning to take over. “Wow, Steve.” Steve moans like Tony’s words were physically touching him. His eyes fall shut as he begins to move his fingers. His cock is hard and untouched. Tony watches with wide eyes as it bounces with Steve’s movements. “You look incredible. The way you’re touching yourself. I bet it feels so good. I bet you know exactly what you like.” Tony’s remembering how much Steve seemed to like the dirty talk from the last time and keeps going. “I can’t wait to fuck you.” Steve’s fingers change their angle and Tony knows exactly where they’re headed. A long moan escapes his lips when he hits his prostate. “That’s it. That’s what you want.”
“You feel so good, so fucking good.
It wasn’t easy to file that answer away, but there were more important things happening. Steve repeated his earlier question. “Are you ok?” he asked, because Tony had a heart condition and Steve
The idea of Steve looking over his shoulder makes Tony rather jumpy. “Yeah, I guess. But I understand if there is anywhere you’d rather be.”
Steve shivers and says, “You don’t have to...”
Tony’s gaze on his skin is a heavy thing and Steve has to really try to keep his eyes forward. “I’ve seen all these newspaper clippings and videos from back then. And all I can do is place my thoughts on top of the things I know I did but can’t remember. There’s so much dissonance there, so many things I keep thinking ‘why the hell did you do that?’. But I have to trust I was doing what I thought was best.” Tony’s eyes fall to his lap with a sigh. “Even if I wish what I did was different.”
Steve shrugs. “I flail, sometimes.”
Doctor Strange cut in to say, “And it must be given freely,” all the while holding Tony’s gaze.
Steve leaves blissfully quick after Tony acquiesce, too happy from Tony’s answer to really question Tony’s flimsy excuse about a non-existent board meeting.
“Seems like we met them only yesterday. I was so surprised,
Silence settles over the group. They’ve been working since the battle with Thanos ended. Steve and a group are working on building temporary shelters for everyone who came back without a home. Tony’s been coordinating with Wakanda on ways to speed up food production and transportation. Rhodey’s communicating with the US government, and Natasha’s taken over the duties of dealing with the rest of the world. Everyone else has found their niche—Thor, Carol, and the Guardians in space, the rest of the Avengers close to home.
the Supreme Leader says in the back of Tony’s mind.
“I don’t know.” I felt hopelessly lost in this situation. “I hope he’s ok,” I said instead of all the other things passing through my mind. Steve murmured in agreement and I could tell neither of us was worried. It was Thor, after all. The bigger question was just how long we would have to wait for him and whether we should’ve been waiting here at all.  “Do you think you can get up?” I wrapped an arm around his back and tried to provide as much support as I could as he lifted himself up by his good arm.
His first thought is Steve’s old bedroom, the one that’s been gathering dust over the last few months, and that Tony has been pointedly not looking at since he moved back in. The door’s closed, like it’s been, and Tony decides it would be weird to slip his head in and check to see if Steve’s ok. He’s about to return to the promise of coffee when he sees a sliver of light escaping from Natasha’s room down the hall.
him, even if half the town was grumbling about the miracle in front of him.
“Is it a car??” Tony asks, incredulous and happy. “I’ll have to keep it at the compound, though. I don’t have a lot of room at the lakehouse.”
. Tony looks over to make sure he hasn’t already fallen asleep, only to find Steve’s looking at him. “Good night, Tony,” he says, a soft and languid smile on his lips visible in the faint light illuminating from the streetlights through window. This may be the first time Tony has ever seen Steve sleepy before. It’s…unexpected.
He lands heavy on his back against the kitchen tile amongst the ruins of their home and his life.
, Tony thought
“We all agree, then?” Natasha asks the room. Everyone—whether they are in the hotel conference room or participating via hologram or video screen—nods.
“I do,” Tony responds in the smallest voice Steve knows he has. He wraps his arms around himself, and he looks small, too. “I never meant to hurt you. I need you to know that.”
Nick snorted a little bit. “Not likely. No. Yes, he hates working for the government. Though, we are hardly involved with the government. We collect and bring candidates to become heroes, protectors of the earth. The very reason how the Avengers are formed. We brought them in.” Nick Fury said.
stuff.
“-Peter, language!”
“Aww, don’t start to turn gay on my hot ass-ing, charming, bulk, good, golden boy of a husband, Steve-fucking-Rogers-Stark now, Reed! Yeah I know he’s hot as in hot like a famous model--No make that ten million times hotter than a model. He’s freaking Captain America for crying out loud! But your wife would be not happy if you turn all lovely and gay-ish towards our dear-ol’ Captain America. I might also remind you that said hot gay man is also my husband.” Tony snorted
When Peter woke up, he found himself in a white room. He had a guess it was probably the private infirmary in Stark Tower. He groaned, moving his hands to touch his face, panicking when he realized his mask wasn’t on. He sat up, looking for his Spiderman mask only to find it wasn’t anywhere in the room.
Steve and Tony’s son, they couldn’t believe it. It was just as they feared. What was they supposed to do? They were confused; they didn’t know whether to let Peter join the Avengers or force him to leave.
back too. My fear was that all of this would lead to divorce. But I’m glad that,
. Get back to work you two and no more teasing.” He spoke out as both Tony and Hawkeye nodded their
“Are you sure?” Steve asked just to be said. “It color green with a few pins and stickers.” He said. “That’s good.  What kind of stickers and pins were they so it would easier for us to track him down tomorrow morning.” He said. “It was uh…” Clint stopped. Tony snorted. “Oh now you forgot it?”
Just then, the front door hovered open softly as both his parents, Steve and Tony, went inside. Peter paled. They looked solemn.
