Tony's face turned red again.
"Definitely nervous!" JARVIS added in. Tony 'accidentally' dropped his backpack on the front stairs as he started walking up them. "Ow!"
Tony looked confused so he decided to zoom in on it. There was an older man in an army uniform standing on the front lawn. Tony had pulled the images for his hologram from Google Earth at the moment so he didn't have to waste more time and effort on making his own images if the hologram didn't work, so he wasn't sure how old that they were.
"Look at this tiny robot!" Thor said, still holding up JARVIS. "I must have one!"
How was Steve suppose to know? Tony never told him anything issues that he was having.
"How'd you know that?"
"Er... okay..." Tony said as he took the card.
"Steve, I..." He paused in mid-sentence. For some reason his mouth went dry and that nervous feeling was back in his chest.
"Well, if you would've let him finish, his name is JARVIS. He's my robot. I made him when I was five years old. Actually, I think he was the first thing I ever made. I wanted to name him Optimus Prime, but he insisted that he wanted to be called JARVIS so yeah. That's him."
"Honestly, sir, I've been your friend for four-teen years and you still don't care when I get lost."
"Tony!"
"Steve? Wait, our Steve?" She nodded. "Wow, I'm surprised, he's not the person that would upset anyone."
"Are you comfortable with me now or something?" Steve asked him.
"I love you too."
"Steve, he's rich. Didn't you know that? Buying someone a phone to him is like a middle class person buying a candy bar. It doesn't affect his finances." Nat looked at the phone that Steve was still holding onto. "If I were you, I would take him up on that offer."
"What the hell is that?!" Steve shouted, looking up at Tony who was standing in his doorway.
"Hm? Oh." He closed his book and looked up. "Wait, where's Tony? Is he hungover?"
"Oh. That." Tony's face turned red but managed to keep it hidden from Steve as he stood up. "Yeah, you're my friend." He looked down at the palm of his hands to distract himself and to keep from looking at Steve. "Oh, hey, looks like the gloves need some minor adjustments. Looks like I'm getting some small blisters from the heat. I'll talk to you tomorrow." That was the best excuse that Tony could come up with to get out of this awkward for him situation.
"Is that anyway to talk to your father?" Howard answered, not sounding too happy himself.
Steve then pulled him into a tight hug. A part of him wanted to drop everything so he could go with him Tony, but he knew that he couldn't do that. It was going to be a boring week without Tony or JARVIS around that was for damn sure.
Tony let out a dramatic sigh as he was trying to remember what he said, but he had no idea what it could've been. "Okay, smarty pants, want to fill me in on what you're talking about? I'm up against a wall."
"What's the matter?"
"What do you mean?" Steve leaned forward so that he was almost sitting on the edge of his seat.
"The money I made for one of you spilling you had feelings for one another,I made forty bucks today," Nat said as she put the money in her pocket. "The point is, I'm happy that you guys are together. We were all waiting for this to happen."
During the afternoon break that the entire school had, Steve was sitting on the bench just outside the cafe/lunch room where Tony had told him they would meet up at. It's been about fifth teen minutes and Steve was starting to get anxious. He was wondering if maybe Tony had just set him up to go there and not actually show up, because, to be honest, Steve could actually see Tony doing that. But why would he do that? Maybe because he was the new kid? More than likely.
Happy searched for the house key from his mass of different ones from his key ring until he found the right one. In Tony's eyes, watching Uncle Happy put the key into the lock was moving in slow motion as he was starting to get some anxiety built up in his chest. He just wanted to slap the keys out of Happy's hands to tell him to take him back home to Steve where Tony was complete sure that he would take all of his anxiety and fears away. Even though he won't admit he had them in the first place, of course. But Steve knew Tony better than that though, he could tell whenever his boyfriend was having anxiety or felt upset or worried about something, he won't ever call him out on it but he would take care of him.
"I got burned, that's all." Tony held his hand up against his chest.
"Um... okay?" He sat on the couch like he was told to. Normally he wouldn't do what someone told him to, but it was Nat and she could be kinda scary if she really wanted to be, and this time it was clear that she didn't have to have any joking around. "What's going on?" He asked her when she sat down in the chair across from him. "I mean, you really do look pissed off-"
"Oh great..."
"Nothing."
"I don't think your name is 'uh.' I mean, if it is I'm so sorry to hear that-"
Happy patted Tony's shoulder with a bigger smile on his face. "I'm happy for you, Tony. Congrats! Are we keeping this on the down low from your parents?"
"What did he mean by that? That he would buy me a better one?"
He pulled himself off of the floor using the bed as support, he was trying to stand up but was too disoriented and ended up plopping down on his bed instead. What happened was, Tony was trying to think of a way to tell Steve how he felt towards him. He got too nervous about it and started drinking instead to try and forget about it. Clearly that wasn't working out well so far.
"Yeah, I built him when I was five. Kinda late finding out about this, huh?"
"Early?" Steve repeated mostly to himself. "What do you mean early? You have physics class at nine."
"It's time to go!" He had shouted while circling around Steve and Tony to get their attention. "I want to be free!"
"Similar?"
"Tony... You didn't have to get drunk to tell me that..." Tony leaned his aching head against Steve's right shoulder. "I was going to tell you eventually."
Also, sorry about taking so long to update! I've been having some writers block, but since I have the best of this story planned out you can expect more updates quickly.
Happy slowly shook his head with a smile on his face as he started up the car. "I can't believe you still have JARVIS. I remember when you first started building him."
"Not sell it, someone wants to see it. If they like what they see they'll pay for one of their own."
"You. You will build one."
"You don't need air, JARVIS..." Tony said while having a puzzled look on his face. "You are literally a robot." JARVIS fell out of Tony's backpack, landing face first on the wooden floor.
"Weird? I'm not weird, you're weird!" Tony snapped. "Look, nothing is wrong, okay? Just don't worry about it." He held the door of the courtyard opened for Steve which was extremely out of character for him.
Happy was always that cool uncle type person. He had always been Tony's friend, well, that kinda happens when someone almost raises you. Happy was both the Stark's bodyguard along with being Tony's nanny when he was younger up until he was third-teen.
Tony shifted in his seat with his arms folded over his chest while letting out an impatient sigh. "I dunno..." He thought about what if could have been for a bit, looking down at JARVIS. He smirked as he picked him up from his lap, causing JARVIS to let out a scream of surprise. "Is it JARVIS' eyes?"
"Bandages won't take care of it."
- - -
"No, I don't think so."
"Your face is all red..." Tony countered as he felt embarrassed.
Steve shrugged. "I guess so, but I've only known him for over a month or so, so I can't really weigh in..."
"Okay, Doctor Rogers."
"Tony, I'm not pissed. Like I said, I'm just starting to get impatient."
"Most likely." Steve grabbed the assignments. "I'll make sure he gets them."
Steve set the boxes down next to the door of his new room and unlocked it. He was starting to get nervous again when he walked into the room, he didn't see anybody else there. It was a Sunday and Steve did expect his roommate to be there, unless he may have had a morning class or something. Maybe he was at work if he had a job.
From: sgrogers@gmail.com
“Because I didn’t want to owe everyone in the Village a new radio and wifi router,” Tony replies, “And someone get me a fucking medic, STAT, Captain America is down.”
According to his emails, sporadic and staid as they were (apart from that one accidentally sent one, which,
“He’s got a look about him.” Deaf or not, Clint could practically hear Bruce’s worried, wrinkled nose.
“Drilling on the weekends?” Steve suggests.
“Paperwork’s airtight, apparently,” Fury said dryly. “Also, it isn’t as if Stark doesn’t have any interest in the good captain.”
“Are you aware that this means that I want to take you out, preferably somewhere you like but also is suitably expensive (I’ll have JARVIS do a search), and then take you to bed if you’ll let me?”
—she swallowed it back, swallowed it all back. Steadied her voice.
“What, are you embalming him or something?” Tony interrupted.
Bucky looks right back at him. “You’re taking this awfully badly, for a guy who took Duggan royally fucking us over once or twice with barely a blink.”
“How?”
“Stark...”
should feel off.
“Says you.”
“Not interested,” Tony said. “And tell your king he should leave us alone, we’re just a bunch of misfits with no use to anyone.”
“Hah,” Tony says softly, and Steve’s hand just tightens.
“Okay, I got one,” Tony whispered, and even under his breath he sounded hoarse. “What’s the difference between pink and purple?”
“What can I do for you, Mr. Stark?”
“Clean, more or less,” Dr. Cho answered. “He’s running a little low on iron, and could probably stand to sleep some more, once he’s gotten some food into him. But I’m a biologist, not a GP.”
She flushed, her eyes moist at the corners. “Of course I do. He designed it—it’s perfect.”
This is not your jurisdiction.”
Tony was silent. Clint nodded. “That’s what I thought. So. Thanks.” He jerked a finger at the truck in the driveway. “I’m gonna go. Laura and the kids’ll wanna know, and I don’t want to explain it over the phone.”
“Let’s not talk about it. Asgard?”
“On my way, my friend!” Thor says, sweeping down in a low arc down a narrow alleyway.
Tony glances at him, and then at Steve. “I guess I do,” he agrees.
To: sgrogers@gmail.com
Tony just stayed like that, moving his thumb along Steve’s jawline, for inexorable moments. Then he pulled away. Steve almost followed his hand, his eyes half closed.
Tony is about 90% sure that this is a good idea, particularly because JARVIS hasn’t actually protested it yet. Not directly, anyway. And the thing is, JARVIS is able to question him now, fully and unequivocally, and well, that’s a pretty damn big step, and Tony might have helped him get there initially, but JARVIS had been the one to make that last step, that last link in the web of his coding.
The alarm around the property was a silent system, but Steve was willing to bet it hadn’t gone off. He jogged away from the driveway and towards the garage, which was partially hidden from the front door, hoping to find some of Tony’s old gear, or something he could cobble together into a weapon.
Subject: (draft)
“Whoops,” Tony said under his breath. “Cheese it, it’s the bulls.”
Steve thought.
If he wasn’t careful, Steve was going to get very attached. As it was, he doled out an extra strip for her, much to her wordless, sparkling delight.
“Well, not exactly new anymore, but sure.”
“Where do you stay when you’re in New York?”
None of them get through, though JARVIS starts chiming in halfway through Pepper’s code.
“I’ve got my wings in the car—”
Which wasn’t much of an answer, Steve thought, but he let it go for now. He’d seen enough of the building, walking in, to know that there were probably a mass of floors that would be at least innocuous enough to provide good cover for a clandestine government building, which he would probably be allowed to wander through.
Hill had gotten back in the van.
“I guess. We barely talked, though, I don’t know what…oh. Huh.” she drifted off, lost in thought. Steve let her be.
“Maybe,” Steve conceded. It was more than Tony expected to get. He directed several uncharitable thoughts towards Fury.
“Widen the parameters, then,"
“Depends,” Natasha said, tilting her head. Liquid gold cut rivulets down her arms adding to the stains on her cuffs, dripping from her fingers. “Let’s just say he’s more open to negotiation.”
“He was a surgeon before that, Tony!” She shook her head. “Strange said it’ll be fine, and to remember what he said before. Whatever that means.”
“Only vaguely.” Steve stretched, extending arms and legs over the arms of the couch. It was a very comfortable couch, but he was a little too tall to be sleeping on it as much as he did. Oh well.
He went out on a limb. “Morgan?”
And then he’s gone.
. I am
into him, a shockwave of sound and breath that knocked him off his feet. As he hit the far wall of the study, he thought he saw shards of light careening after him like shattering glass, points all twirling towards him, razor sharp—he raised his hands to shield himself—
“I see,” he said, after a moment. “Do you mind if I…?” He made a vague gesture.
“No,” he breathed into the sand. “No, please no.”
“Says you. I remember the Maldives.”
“Welcome to your floor,” Tony said. “It’s got all the amenities, but beyond that, you’re gonna have to work it out on your own. I was going to try and order some stuff in to get you started, but you didn’t give me much warning that you were coming. That said though, there’s a black AmEx with your name on it, for whenever you feel like you’ve decided what you want.”
"Steve Rogers," he replied while shaking his hand.
- - -
"Roommate?" JARVIS' voice picked up, turning to look at Tony. He started to run himself into the door to tell Tony to let him out. Sometimes JARVIS acted like a small puppy rather than a robot.
He swung his feet over the bed to start getting ready, but he thought maybe it would be a good idea to see if Tony was awake yet or not. When walking out of his room, he peered into Tony's room, he didn't want to walk into his room without permission. There he saw Tony sprawled out on the messy floor with the TV lighting up the room with early morning infomercials and a screwdriver laying across his chest. He must have passed out while working last night.
Tony put him back down on his lap. "Y'know, JARVIS, I've been thinking of changing-"
"You got me there."
"That's right!"
"God, Tony, don't do that. You know I hate that sound," he said, leaning back in his seat.
"Um, okay..." Steve said as he took out his flip phone.
"I have my ways, so don't you worry about it." He took a sip of it before taking out his iPhone. "Before I forget, give me your number, Rogers."
"Not at all." Steve went back to reading-or pretending to read- through his text book. "You said some stupid things then passed out."'
JARVIS glanced around the room, when noticing that there was a person there that he had never seen before he got excited. "Company!" He shouted happily as he pushed himself up from the floor. He wheeled himself over to Stane who had knelt down in front of the hyper little robot. "Nice to meet you! I'm JARVIS!" He held out his tiny hand to Stane who chuckled as he gently shook it.
"I'll text you when I get there," Tony told Steve, resting his forehead against his.
"I'm not sure if I understand how to use this phone..." Steve told Tony as they were walking down the hall to their courtyard. He kept swiping his finger across the screen trying to learn the iPhone on his own.
Steve sat back down next to Tony again, he put antibiotic ointment on a large piece of gauze then wrapped it around Tony's palm before unwrapping the bandage roll. For some reason, Tony couldn't help but blush while watching Steve fixing up his burn. Was he having an anxiety attack? Something didn't feel right in Tony's stomach, something that he had never felt before and didn't understand what it was. He just wanted Steve to stop so he could sulk back into his room to try and analyze this feeling.
"Thanks..."
All unfinished fanfics will eventually be ported over to my NEW account: https://archiveofourown.org/users/Ian_Malcolm
Tony swiped his left arm to the side, flicking his wrist . When the Earth hologram landed on the United States, he held his right arm out, pinched his fingers together and zoomed into the state of New York. He kept zooming in until he found Brooklyn.
"No, it's-" Tony paused for a moment, looking down at his hand. "Actually, yes a bit." When Tony saw the little 'I told you so' look on Steve's face he cleared his throat. "But I'm sure that my bandages would've worked just fine too."
"Why aren't you?"
"The truth behind that hurts."
Tony rolled his eyes. "Whatever, Rogers. C'mon."
"So, what are you in for?" Nat asked when she sat down on the bench next to Clint, still holding his hand.
"Because..." Tony stopped, losing his train of thought. "I don't remember what I was gonna say." Neither of them said anything. Steve was waiting for Tony to say something. "Right, I remember. Look, I think I reaaalllly like you, well, not think. I do, and I know you like me too and that's why I got drunk so I could tell you." He started glancing around his bed. "I lost my beer."
"You won't get one if you keep treating JARVIS like that," Tony said in a groggy voice as he was rubbing his eye. "What're you guys doing here?"
Tony groaned as he forced himself to stand up, his whole body ached from laying on that uncomfortable floor, but it was something that he was used to. "Yeah, I'm never there on time," he said with a smirk as he was rubbing his right eye. "I normally drift in at around 9:30 or 10:00."
"Anthony!" Howard hissed. "Be polite!"
"Everything appears to be in working order, sir." JARVIS turned to face him.
"Like... an armored suit?"
Did he really just call me by my last name? Steve thought to himself as Tony walked past him to get to the kitchen. From the fridge he grabbed a Monster Energy Drink, popped the cap off and started to down it in almost one sitting. Steve couldn't believe he almost drank that in one go, he would imagine that drinking it all at once would give a person a heart attack.
"Tony, wanna guess?" Happy asked him as he ignored the tiny enthusiastic JARVIS.
"Right..."
"How long do you think you'll be gone?" Steve asked Tony the following morning as he was adjusting his boyfriend's black blazer.
"JARVIS, look out," Tony grumbled after he almost tripped over his friend. He actually had to lean over JARVIS to open the building door since he was still in the way. As soon as that door opened JARVIS was outside in an instant. "C'mon, Happy's here," he called to him but he was busy talking to other students that were walking around the dorm buildings.
When they walked into the room, the teacher who was sitting behind his front desk, Mr. Richardson had looked up to see Tony walking in on time. That was a sight for sore eyes.
"Oh, right. No, JARVIS, it's okay. That's Steve, he's our new roommate."
"Oh, yeah, I guess I should explain. No, it's not drugs if that's what you're thinking. I mean, I
"Funny. Y'know, he had classes too. But, hey, I wanted to talk to you about something.
"Yeah, yeah, HARVIS."
"I think we are good, thanks JARVIS," Bruce told the tiny robot.
During the, what seemed like forever, walk up to Natasha's dorm room, Tony was trying to get her to spill what she wanted to talk to him about. He went from constantly asking to trying to be extremely annoying to try and get her to talk but nothing was working. Honestly, Natasha had the patience of a saint, even around as someone as annoying as Tony.
"Well, you know, it's weird you calling me since you never wanted anything to do with me."
"So, studying," Tony said to try and break the subject apart. He took his math textbook out of his backpack and set it down in front of him with the homework assignments out. "I should probably-" He paused when he felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. When he took it out he saw that it was a text from Nat; he looked up at her to ask what was going on but she just shook her head before he could say anything.
Tony scoffed. "Well, I mean if his phone can handle that type of thing. I'll probably buy you a better one." Tony's phone started vibrating to tell him that he had a text message. After he read it, he looked up at the group then put his phone back in his back pocket. "Gotta scram. Pepper needs help with her science project. See ya losers later."
Tony looked down at what he was wearing then back up to his father. "I think I look fine. Lets just get this over with so I can sleep for the rest of the week."
"Sure are."
"Let me out!" JARVIS called from the backpack that was slung over Tony's right shoulder. "I command you!"
"Well, it looks like you can finally get stuff done."
"We'll be getting in touch soon, Mister Stark." Stane patted Tony on the shoulder before leaving the living room.
I'm going to be completing every fic I've posted here. Thank you all for the support!
"Exactly!"
Tony put his hands in his blazer's pockets as he walked over to them. "Y'know, I hate taking your time away from talking to your friends, but we really need to get going, buddy."
"I'm telling you the truth, Tony. Would I honestly lie about something like that, even to you? Although, I'm not so sure why someone as humble as Steve would have a crush on an egotistical maniac such as yourself."
"JARVIS, we ready?" Tony asked his best friend once more.
By the end of the school day Steve was exhausted. When he got back into his and Tony's dorm room, he threw his book bag down next to the refrigerator letting out an exhausted sigh. He was finally happy to be done with the school day, he just wanted to kick back and relax. Steve plopped down on the old, beat up couch and closed his eyes to relax, but it wasn't long until he heard a lot banging sound coming from Tony's room followed by him yelling "dammit!" It caused Steve to shoot straight up on the couch, his eyes wide opened from surprise.
"Minor? Let me see that." Steve forcibly grabbed Tony's right hand, causing him to let out a small yelp but tried to play it off as if it was a cough. Steve saw a second degree burn that covered Tony's entire palm of his hand. "This is minor to you? What the hell happened?"
"A piece of advice," Bruce started to tell Steve, "the more you complain about something the more he'll continue to piss you off."
"Leave him alone, Tony," Nat defended again with an eye roll. It was clear she had put up with Tony's shit for a long time. "But give me his number too." She took out her Android. "We'll add him to our group chat."
JARVIS was wheeling himself around the entire hallway, he couldn't stay still at all. It was rare that he left the dorm, and when he did he enjoyed himself.
"Relax." Tony stood up and opened the door to let JARVIS out into the living. He wheeled himself out there quickly to see Steve sitting on the couch, watching TV.
"Because, I want you both to be happy. Is that, like, unbelievable or something?"
Clint laughed at Tony's response since he could clearly tell that he was lying. "What's their name, Tony?" He asked with a smirk on his face.
There was a small shuffling underneath the junk all over his floor. Tony had his face leaning on the palm of his left hand that was sitting on his knee, watching the small robot pulling itself out of the trash on the floor. The robot was only about nine inches tall, had two wheels to get around, two arms, and a head with small glowing blue eyes.
"What took you two so long?" Bruce asked them, which caught the attention of everyone else.
"Thanks, Thor."
"Okay," Tony said to get their attention, "I'm here."
"Fine."
"Not violent, just getting impatient," she said as she folded her arms over her chest.
"Awhile back he was suppose to tell me who his crush was but didn't ever tell me, and when I tried bringing it up again he avoids the conversation. I dunno, man, but maybe that's his issue." Nat looked back up at Steve from her pants when she was pulling out loose pieces of thread. Steve was staring off into space, his face was starting to turn a pink-ish color. "What's wrong? Why are people keeping things from me in this group? I'm suppose to be the one who helps-"
"Fine."
I am also taking this time to say thank you all to the people who've read this story, gave kudos, bookmarked, and subscribed. It means so much to me.
"Uh, sure."
He walked them both up the row to the very back where Tony normally sits. He sat down next to another guy who was wearing glasses, wearing a purple button up shirt and dress pants. Steve sat at the end of the aisle next to Tony.
"You are full of yourself," Thor told Tony as he folded his arms over his chest.
Steve chuckled. "No, he's out of town for the week."
week?" Steve nodded again. "Oh, thank God. I don't have to hear his smartass remarks for a while." Mr. Richardson reached underneath his desk and pulled out a small stack of papers. "Here, these are the assignments for the week. Just give it to him when he gets back, but it's Tony, so he'll have it finished in an hour."
. Fine, I'll be there tomorrow."
"Something as in...?"
"Steve," he said quickly, "Steve Rogers." He held out his hand to Tony who looked confused at the formality.
"Steve Rogers, he's-"
Tony put his hands up defensively. "Damn, sorry."
"But it's helping, right?" He let go of his hand which was kept inside the bowl.
"Tony, look, you're drunk, okay?" Steve said as he tried pushing his roommate away from him.
"You have a flip phone, dude. Nobody has one of those anymore."
That day Tony didn't have any classes so he just stayed at the dorm all day while Steve was out doing his own classes. Tony's burn had just finished healing after a month of receiving it, but that still didn't stop him from working on his project this entire time. Since Steve wasn't around during the day, Tony moved the projected out in the living room/kitchen since it was a much bigger space compared to his bedroom. Tony was standing on the couch with JARVIS keeping still on the coffee table that was in front of said couch. JARVIS was the one who was keeping everything in line, and if there was anything wrong with the programming he would tell Tony right away since the last time he didn't  saying anything Tony had a serious injury to his arm.
"Finally..."
The group of six walked through the cafe, a lot of people were trying to get Tony to stop so they could talk but he walked passed them without saying anything to them. Steve didn't realize how popular his roommate was. He was also hoping that Tony was going to introduce him to his friends since it was an awkward trip with nobody talking. At first, Steve didn't realize this, but the red headed woman and one of the guys were holding hands. Obviously they were a couple.
"Just say what you need to say."
"If I could get through his room alive it'll be a miracle..." Steve mumbled to himself under his breath as he stood in the doorway of Tony's room. There were small pieces of hardware laying all over the floor, and since Steve had no clue what they could've been used for he didn't want to move them around.
Tony smirked. "Steve should be happy that he gets to be with someone as great as myself. I mean, I would be lucky to be dating myself."
"Why are you getting so involved with this?"
Tony shook his head as he leaned back in his desk chair, kicking his feet up on the desk in front of him. "Nah, trust me when I tell you I'm a master at science. I haven't done my homework once, still have over 100%."
"Take as much time as you need, Tony." Stane took a business card out from his pocket and held it out to him. "Just keep me posted on how things are going with it."
"With me?"
"Something, as in that he has a major crush on you." She looked back up Tony to see how he was reacting to this.
"Tony?" Steve called from the other side of the door. "You alright?" He grabbed the doorknob and slowly opened the door, preparing himself in case he was told to not come in. But since he didn't say anything, Steve walked into the room. He saw Tony on the messy floor, as usual, but he was holding his right hand and pressing it to his chest, but since Tony had his back to Steve he couldn't get a good look at what was going on. "You okay?" He repeated.
"If you eat the rest of the chocolate you're the one who has to buy more?"
"I like your robot, Tony," one of the girls told him with a wink. The girls started giggling at them.
Chuckling, Tony picked it up and put it back over his shoulder. "Sorry."
"Uh," Steve stammered.
"C'mon, we'll show you."
"Tony, I've heard you've built a robot."
"Be careful, okay? I love you."
The first night being Tony's roommate was just exactly what Steve was told what it would be like, Tony had been held up in his room most of the night, he only came out once to grab some junk food from on top of the fridge. It was too hard for Steve to find something to cook in his new dorm room since all Tony had to eat was chips, Ramen noodles and other various junk food items. So he ended up going to the local grocery store to get the ingredients to make spaghetti. Even after making it he knocked on Tony's door to ask if he wanted any but all Tony said was that he was busy. Well, what was he going to expect? While he was cooking his dinner he noticed Tony's class schedule was pinned up on the fridge and it turned out that they had the same morning physics class. That would surely be interesting.
"Agreed." Tony pulled a beer can out of his backpack and opened it.
Until JARVIS ruined it.
"Listen, you still have that stupid little robot you built when you were a kid?"
"Class got out, you know that."
"I still have
"Hey," Tony greeted him but the man didn't look up at him, in fact, he didn't even realize that someone was talking to him. "Bruce?" Tony tried again, but still nothing. He started snapping his fingers. "Bruce. Earth to Bruce." He did a high pitched whistle which seem to work.
"How do I tell him that I feel the same?" Tony asked Nat as he was still looking out the window.
Tony clasped his hands together, when he did the center of his gloves glowed a light blue color. He held his right hand's palm up pointing towards the ceiling, that glove still glowed blue. The small circle in the center of the glove that emulated the light started to form a shape. Steve watched in awe, he was trying to guess what the shape was before it finished taking place. Tony decided to start off with something simple; in this case, he made a hologram of the Earth that was small enough to fit in his hand.
"I like JARIVS, I think it's amazing that you build him when you were just five years old. Have you built anything else like him since then?"
Underneath the blazer, Tony was wearing a black AC/DC t-shirt while wearing black jeans and black dress shoes. Tony's father had texted him earlier that morning to remind him that he had to look somewhat presentable, so this was the best that he could do. Well, not really. In Howard's mind, looking presentable meant wearing a full on business suit with a tie and all that fancy stuff. There was no way that Tony was wearing one of those to this, it wasn't worth his time or effort, so he half-assed it. Tony was only a bit nervous about the meeting once because he was going to see his dad again after a few years. He had no idea what he was going to expect.
-  -  -
The bet was whether or not Steve and Tony would get together by the end of the week or not. When Nat opened up their dorm door, they saw Steve and Tony napping with each other on the couch. Tony was resting his head against Steve's chest so he could hear his heart beating while Steve had his arms wrapped around Tony tight while they napped. They were both exhausted from the stress of telling each other how they felt, but now that they were dating they thought that it was time for a nap to reduce their stress. Add Tony's hangover to the equation, it was the best thing for both of them.
Thank you for the 100 kudos, subscriptions, and bookmarks, everyone! It means a lot to me and I hope you're all enjoying the story so far!
"C'mon, guys, I think Steve and Tony want some alone time," Nat told them with a smile on her face then laughed as she walked towards the door with everyone else following behind her. They all said their goodbyes before they left.
"It's okay." He sat down on the couch, putting his hands over his face then let out a sigh.
The drive through the country back roads was peaceful in a sense. It was a nice change than watching the town fly by them, the crops were something that JARVIS was fascinated with. It was actually getting so annoying that Tony stuffed him into his backpack to get him up to shut up. Tony just needed some peace and quiet from his long weekend. He couldn’t wait to get home he was thinking about it nonstop, how it would be to go back in Steve’s arms and snuggle on the couch while watching TV. It was a great thing to look forward to.
"Your courtyard?" Steve questioned as he walked over to Tony and his group. "What do you mean?"
"Do you two mind if Tony and I talk alone?" Stane asked Tony's parents.
"Hey, Steve!" Nat's voice came from behind him in the hallway.
"Not likely, sir. At most, you would have only suffered minor to a slight degree of injuries."
"No!" He interrupted Tony. "I am as perfect as the day I was made." He looked out the windshield then gasped loudly. "We're here!"
She paused for a moment trying to process what Steve just said. "Beg pardon?" Was all that she could finally say to that.
"From what?" Tony knew that it probably wasn't a good thing to ask at this moment, but he couldn't help it. His curiosity was getting the best of him.
"Uh, no. It's almost eight," Steve said as he set his book bag down on the floor next to the fridge.
"C'mon, this way." Nat led them to the small student lounge that was across the hall from their classroom. It was currently empty, so it would be the perfect place for them to sit and talk about Tony.  They sat on one of the couches in the lounge, setting their backpacks down on the floor next to it. "So, what's wrong with Tony?" Nat asked as she wrapped her arms around her legs that where kicked up next to her on the couch.
"Not trying to be." Tony winced, putting his hand on his forehead again. He needed some Motrin. "Be free, JARVIS," Tony said as he opened up the door. JARVIS ran out of the room happily with Tony slowly following behind him. "Argh!" Tony groaned when he saw the pool of sunlight pouring into the living room by the opened curtains. He saw Steve sitting on the couch while reading a textbook, but didn't think anything of it since he honestly couldn't remember a thing from last night besides what Nat told him. "You wanna close those?" He asked his roommate when popping a bottle of Motrin opened.
Tony snapped out of his thoughts when he heard the front door creak open, now he had to deal with drama, as usual. They walked inside and into the living room where Howard and Maria Stark were waiting for him to show up, along with this Obadiah Stane guy. Tony had no idea what to expect, but all he had to do was keep his ego up and not show how anxious he was feeling and he would be just fine. Maybe this won't be so bad, Tony thought to himself after taking his first step into the living room. He saw his parents and an older man who had to be in his late forty's, bald headed, had a grey-ish bread and was wearing a suit.
When JARVIS turned around to see Maria Stark he got excited again. "Mrs. Stark!" He said then wheeled over to her. "Did you need anything?"
? You do realize how much of an asshole he is, right?" Steve's face turned red again. "Like I said, I'm not judging. I just didn't know that was your type. "
"My name's Anthony Stark, but everyone calls me Tony." He ignored Steve's question, reaching down to the cooler next to the couch and took out a beer. "Want one?" He held out another can of beer.
He grabbed the two boxes and the backpack that had his stuff in them and walked up to the building. Someone held the door opened for him, he nodded his thanks and walked down the hallway. Thankfully his room was on the first floor and didn't have to carry the heavy boxes up the stairs. According to the woman who works with the dorms, Steve was going to have a roommate, well, that was going to be fun.
Tony rolled his eyes, sitting back in his seat. "It would be great if I could finish my own sentences, JARVIS. I'm just saying."
"I made a teeny tiny fire."
"Yes, mister Stark. Goodbye, friends!" He waved goodbye to the group of girls before following Tony to Uncle Happy's car.
"Noted."
"Tony? What's wrong with Tony?" Steve asked in almost a panic, his eyes wide, but shut up when Nat hushed him. He didn't realize how loud he was actually speaking until he noticed that other people who were walking down the hallway gave him a puzzled look.
So currently in this chapter a little over two months has passed. I hope you enjoy! Also, I want to take this time to thank everyone for their comments, bookmarks, and kudos!
"How do I explain? Something that a person can fit into and control."
"You sit him down, say you want to talk about something important, and say what you need to say."
"No surprise there."
Steve's eyes went wide. "Then why were you still working on this?"
The door slowly closed behind Steve which he didn't pay any mind to since he assumed that it was the type of door that closed on its own if left opened too long. After he set the boxes back down, someone came up behind him and jumped onto his back, causing Steve to let out a yelp of surprise. He tried fighting off whoever was attacking him, but they leaped over his back and landed on the old, beat up couch. Steve looked shocked and confused at what just happened.
"Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!" JARVIS kept shouting as he was waving his tiny robotic arm in the air to try and get Happy's attention. "I wanna guess! Uncle Happy!"
Tony's phone started ringing in his pocket. When he took it out, he looked at who was calling. It was his father. That was so strange, Tony and his parents ever rarely talked due to the fact that they weren't the best parents in the world. Especially his dad, he always casted him aside and said that he was too busy to hang out with him or even talk to him. It turned Tony bitter towards to his parents since his mother wasn't any better.
Steve stood up from the bench that he was sitting in, flung his book bag over his shoulder and started walked back to his dorm room.
"Money? What money?" Steve had asked them, sitting up with Tony still in his lap.
"Want some?" Tony held out the large can of energy drink to Steve but he politely refused. Tony scoffed. "Wasn't gonna give you some anyway." He put on his red-tinted sunglasses with a smirk.
"I wanted my money," Nat told him.
"Don't be shy about taking anything either, but the rule is, if you eat the last of the chocolate you gotta go out and buy more. Also, don't worry about me getting in your way, apparently I'm always locked up in my room according to my friends. Which honestly I don't think is true, but Nat and Bruce haven't steered me wrong once."
Maria giggled at JARVIS, he was always trying to help around the house. "No thank you, JARVIS. I think I'm good."
“Stark. I see you’ve been keeping secrets.”
The signal ended.
Then they all move into the Stark mansion, and so he can’t just waltz into the house after a mission any more, obviously. He goes down into the basement and he follows procedure–piles everything into their proper places and steps out of the boots and shucks off the gauntlets like he has his shit together. He does this and he does it fast, and if he’s lucky someone else will do his paperwork for him while he’s gone.
“That’s what you’re gonna say right now?” Jim demanded. “Really, Tones?”
Steve hummed. “All right.” He clambered to his feet. “Thank you.”
“And she deserves to have a warm hand to hold.” Tony looked back at her. “Don’t you?”
“No Victor Frankenstein moment for you, sir?”
“Stop apologizing. I should go,” he said aloud.
Tony came up to him and stood very close, before deliberately placing his hand along Steve’s jaw. Steve held very still, and tried to force himself not to flush. He doubted he succeeded.
that’s everywhere now, that was me. I wasn’t right, but it was me.”
Steve closed his eyes tight enough for colors to burst behind is eyelids, and then reopened them. “Yes,” he said. “I will make bacon for breakfast. In 45 minutes. Does that sound reasonable?”
A lot less...coalescing?
“I’ll lead, then,” Pepper said easily. “It’s not like you’re uncoordinated.”
The Bleeding Edge suit grew like flower beds blooming in quick-time, like paint diluting in water. It didn’t look the same as before. Mostly silver and limned with iridescence.
As it was, though, Clint’s non-SHIELD-issued phone went off on a Wednesday morning and Clint barely had a chance to hit ‘Accept’ before the voice down the line said, “Brandt, you wouldn’t happen to be in the greater New York area, would you?”
“Fury would certainly object,” Steve agrees, but his inflection doesn’t change at all. Not even when he says, “I’d stand with you over him.”
Morgan was starting to make noises about starting school, and so Pepper got wrapped up in figuring out the logistics of that while Tony (anonymously) filled in for her SI duties and Rhodes got back in touch with his chain of command, leaving Steve mostly to his own devices again, picking up around the house, and making more breakfasts. Steve didn’t begrudge them the time; he took it upon himself to read up more on the initiative Pepper had set him onto, and on the topic he’d chosen. He had vague memories of civics classes from his teenage years, but he’d been out of school a lot due to illness, so his body of knowledge was probably both spotty and, since then, heavily skewed by the politics he’d become embroiled in while playing Captain America. He took a tablet with him out on the porch most afternoons and tried to plow through what he’d missed, the ins and outs of history that had somehow led to it being dropped from the syllabus entirely.
“No, it’s fine, it’s just different.” Steve cocked his head and studied the faceplate. “Is it...stable?”
“You’re so sure it’s gonna be me,” Steve remarked.
Then there were the dreams, which Tony was pretty sure Steve hadn’t told anyone else about, and there was the way Steve had locked up when they’d gotten into the elevator, like he no longer cared for closed, small spaces.
He skidded to a halt and fell to his knees.
.” This time, he did sit up, despite her disapproving
Bruce was very pale when he finished. Clint was so quiet Tony wasn’t sure whether he was about to be thanked or punched. “That’s what she said?” he said, for the third time, each time progressively more flat. “She had work to do?”
“And ‘labyrinthine’, where the fuck did you pick that up?” Tony asks.
"Good, I need you to bring it over tomorrow evening."
"Tony, we need to talk."
She pointed to her couch. "Sit. We need to talk." Was all she said, and to be honest it was starting to freak him out.
Stane and Tony shook hands. "Nice to meet you, Anthony," he said politely with a small smile on his face.
"Stupid things? Like what?"
"I am sure that the Mechanic is not as bad as you claim," Thor stated. He had an unexpected accent and his voice was so deep that it boomed through the courtyard.
"For God's sake..."
Tony used his left shoulder to push open the door.
Tony shrugged. "Not really, no. Even though I'm always late, probably miss a lot of instruction time and all that jazz, I'm still top student in the class. Trust me, Rogers, science is kinda my thing."
"You think you could build me something similar to JARVIS?"
"It is quite alright, mister Rogers. It is a pleasure to have you here as it seems mister Stark enjoys having you around."
The magic? Steve thought to himself, still giving Tony a confused stare. What was he talking about. With a shrug, Steve stood next to Tony on the couch after taking off his shoes. While standing there next to Tony, Steve could just barely feel his arm brushing against Tony's, causing him to get goosebumps around the area. Along with those goosebumps, he also felt a slight electrical spark type feeling. What was that supposed to mean?
"That's not even true!"
"I don't remember, I guess I was pretty hammered." He looked up at the curtains that still weren't closed. "I'll get it!" He practically stormed passed Steve, stood up on the coffee table to close the curtains since he was too short to reach them. The only thing that mattered was that the sunlight was gone. "What are you staring at?" Tony snapped when he realized that Steve was staring at him.
"I wouldn't call you if I didn't have a reason."
"Because... I'm afraid that you'll hate me..."
"Of course I still have him. I didn't exactly have many friends growing up."
"If you soak your hand in cold water for fifth-teen minutes it should take some of the pain away."
"I'm sorry, Tony," Steve whispered before he grabbed his blue jacket that was sitting on the desk then walking out of the dorm room. Leaving Tony sitting on the bed alone, confused and hurt.
"Because, I didn't wanna waste my time on this just to throw it away. Now watch."
"He's mister Stark's boyfriend!" JARVIS said happily.
"Right, whatever." Tony rolled his eyes. "Hey, look, this is Rogers." He nodded to Steve.
"Suit yourself," Tony said with a shrug when he opened up his own beer can. "What about you? What's your name?"
"No, that's not it."
"No, you're drunk."
"Wait, you all knew?" Tony asked them with a raised eyebrow.
"W-who?"
"Right."
"Yeah."
"Out of town."
"What happened to your hand?" Nat asked Tony as she nodded towards the bandage wrapped around his hand still.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa," Mr. Richardson said to Steve as he was about to pass him. He kicked his feet up on the old desk that was as beat up as his office chair. "You're missing your other half there, Mr. Rogers."
Just as Steve finished wrapping it up, Tony quickly stood up, holding his right hand. "Okay, yeah, thanks," Tony said quickly, keeping his face down so Steve couldn't see that it was all red from him blushing. Steve watched in confusion as he watched Tony walk out of the bathroom and back into his room, slamming his door behind him.
"I gotta go," Tony finally said, even though he didn't want to leave the warm hug. He tangled his fingers through Steve's hair, bringing his lips down to his own. It felt like this moment was going to last forever.
"I'm not..." Steve stopped in mid sentence. He remembered what Bruce had told him in Physics earlier, so he decided to keep his mouth shut about it. "I'm Steve," he told them.
Steve started wandering around the dorm room, he honestly had no idea what he was suppose to do with himself now. He had an hour to kill until physics. To be honest, science wasn't Steve's strong suit and without Tony help he would be failing the class. Tony was the type of "tutor" that would just do the work for somebody else or tell them what to write so it wouldn't be in his own handwriting, Steve didn't want that though. He wanted to actually learn the material, not to cheat his way through the class which caught Tony off guard since all of the people that he helped out liked the east way through things. Especially college classes.
What was his problem? Steve thought but just shrugged it off.
"You're obviously blushing," Nat added in, raising her eyebrows. "What's their name?"
"How about we talk about this in the morning, okay? When you're sober."
"That was my dad," Steve said before Tony moved the hologram all around again. "He... He died not too long ago."
"Who's that?" He asked Steve. He glanced over at his roommate who was just staring at the man in the hologram, his eyes became glossy. That gave Tony the sense to move away from this image. "Okay, let's check out North Korea and see what they're up to."
Tony swung his backpack that was now filled with some clothes and other things that he could use to tinker with in case he got bored while staying with his parents for the week. He grabbed his keys from the counter next to the door before leaving his dorm room and his Steve behind. This was going to be tough.
A lot of stuff is starting to unfold. Uh oh.
"You okay?" Steve questioned, looking up from his phone at to Tony. "You've been acting weird lately."
The point is they had each other now and nothing could break that.
"Hello, JARVIS, I'm Obadiah Stane. It's nice to meet you too."
Every time I write dialogue for JARVIS in this story, I hear it in Clap Traps voice from Borderlands and that makes it adorable.
"Yeah, I know, JARVIS." He waved off his robot by looking up at the window. "I haven't seen you in a while. Where've you been?" A small smile made its way on Tony's face, knowing damn well that JARVIS was trapped underneath all the junk for about a week.
Tony showed Steve around the campus a bit before they started heading to class, well, at least Steve had an idea of where his other classes would be located at.
"Tony, you need to relax," Happy said unexpectedly. "You're nervous."
From Tony's pocket his phone started to vibrate, letting him know that he had a text coming in. He didn't even need to open the text message to know that it was Happy letting him know that he was ready to go.
Steve's eyes went wide. "Hospital? What do you mean by that?"
"What'd I do?" She just glared at him. "What'd Clint do?" She was still glaring at him. "Uh... Okay, what's making you so pissy?" Nat turned around and started walking towards her dorm building, leaving Tony standing there extremely confused. "Y'know, it would be great if you would just tell what's going on instead of just walking off on me," he said after catching up with his friend.
"Cool, right?" Tony asked with a smirk on his face. "Now watch." With the hologram of the Earth still being emulated from his gloves, he clasped his hands together then pulled them apart, holding them out to his sides. The Earth hologram expanded, filling up the entire room. "Pick a place," he told his roommate.
She groaned loudly in frustration. "Why! I mean, you are his roommate, you're not going to be able to avoid these feelings forever."
When they walked up the stairs to the third floor, Nat took out her key chain then unlocked her room. She lived in her room alone so everything was always really cleaned and organized, totally the opposite of Tony.
On the other side of the door, Tony had his back to the door and slowly slide down until he was sitting on the floor. With the pain in his hand and the weird anxiety feeling he had going on in his chest he didn't know what was going on. Maybe it got infected and I'm dying, Tony thought holding up his bandaged hand and looking at it. No, that's stupid, can you get anymore ridiculous, Anthony? He thought again.
After writing this out in my head, I realized it wouldn't have made since unless I made a bit of a time skip.
"He was on duty in Iraq, a bomb hit where he was stationed at and... yeah..."
"JARVIS."
"I have been alerted of an intruder, sir." JARVIS turned one of his arms into a small taser that was actually quite powerful if used on.
"No, thanks, Tony."
Tony groaned when he finally woke up that Saturday afternoon, his face was covered in drool and was basically stuck onto the pillow. He sat up, holding his hand over his head as he had a major headache from his hangover. Well, at least it was Saturday, Tony thought to himself as he swung his feet over his bed. In the corner of his eye he saw the cup of water that Steve had placed there earlier with the ice all melted but it would still be good enough. He chugged the water all down in one go which gave him a slight brain freeze, that certainly didn't help his hangover.
"What would that be?" Tony grabbed the textbook that was still in his hands and threw it across the room. He felt like Steve wasn't paying attention to him but rather more on the textbook and he wanted to have his full attention. "What was that for?"
"Tony? You alright?" He said as he slowly opened the door. He honestly wasn't surprised to see his friend sitting in the middle of his bedroom with his back to the door since that's normally how he was. This time though, Tony wasn't working on anything, there were about four beer bottles laying around him on the floor. "Tony?" Steve said again, trying to get Tony's attention.
The next day, there weren't any morning classes for anyone, but students were still allowed to be on the campus. So that gave the group a reason to go to their courtyard to hang out and to study for their afternoon classes that were going to continue on later that day. Last night, Tony had stayed in his room trying to process his feelings; he was trying to explain to JARVIS what was going on and after processing them, JARVIS had explained that he didn't believe that it was an anxiety attack but something else that he couldn't explain either. Then what was it? Tony stayed up all night trying to figure it out by searching it up on the internet but didn't find any good results that would've explained anything. There was a form that he was reading from that actually explained how he was feeling perfectly, but the reason behind it on the form was because someone had a... crush on someone else. Tony never had a crush before and he didn't have a crush on anyone as far as he could tell. It was probably just something else that he had to figure out for himself, because it was
Turning around again, JARVIS saw Howard Stark and all that excitement seemed to disappear. Every time he saw Howard he couldn't help but become worried that he would try selling him again, it was a nightmare to think that he could've been scrap metal if Tony didn't catch what what happening. JARVIS tried climbing back into Tony's backpack, but he couldn't quite make it. Instead, Tony picked him up and held onto him to make him feel safe from harm.
“If we’re being absolutely, completely accurate and fair,” Pepper said, clipped, “then you already aren’t my husband. Your death certificate says so.”
Steve flinched.
Tony drops his helmet on the coffee table without another word. He doesn’t even notice that he’s been followed until the elevator doors slide shut.
“Mm,” Natasha agrees, “And when you had my back in Rotterdam.”
“What do you need my help for, then?”
On Vormir, he stood staring at the Red Skull for a long, long time.
Tony stares at him. “I don’t get it.”
“Right, where is he?”
“Jesus. Who is it?”
“She does,” Steve countered. “So long as you’re in her life, she does.”
“How are you getting along with SHIELD’s personnel?” Dr. Feranza asked. “Are you making any friends?”
They went to 1970, next. Steve spotted Howard from across the road and the stab of
Steve made a gasping, laughing sound on the upwards loop.
“Draining how? And why do you have a—”
He had a chance to absorb that he was posing as a programmer trying to get into some tech mogul’s good graces while Ethan was going after a terrorist cell’s paper trail, Carter was distracting the real programmer and Benji was doing…Benji things.
—take in the gleaming armour on the floor, the outfit Tony had on, and the utilitarian but still fairly sophisticated interior of the medical bay. Watched as consternation gave way to creeping dread. “How long?” he asked, after a long moment. He sounded hoarse and far off. “Have we won?”
“Har har,” Natasha says dryly.
Steve’s heart stuttered in his chest, kicked. “‘Current’?”
“The living quarters and bottom twenty floors are operational, and I think he wanted to be away from Malibu, anyway, after—well, you were there,” Steve replied. “It’s a pretty good set-up already, what with the gym and the apartment, and there’s a great coffee shop on the ground floor.”
“Hey, Pep. I’m okay, promise. Dr. Cho, tell them I’m okay?”
“I am a little tired,” Steve admitted. It was kind of embarrassing, considering he’d just been asleep less than an hour before. “Can I nap while you run your tests?”
For the anon prompt: "Steve/Tony/Bucky; Steve and Bucky argue on how to woo Tony. Bucky says they should just jump him already whist Steve insists that they should start off by courting him with flowers. Tony may or may not overhear their little argument."
“Yeah. God, you really are a little unreal out of uniform, I gotta say. I could think of you as just the symbol until you started going halvsies and losing the jacket when it suited you,  and then Nat got you onto the UnderArmor thing, and that was—that was just
"You don't study, you idiot," the red head said with a flat tone of voice.
"Violent today, are we?"
"I was wondering when you two were going to get together," Bruce added in.
"How have your friends been?"
"Or not, maybe his grade will finally drop to an A- and his ego will be shot."
Steve walked into Mr. Richardson's physics class on time as usual even after organizing Tony's CD rack, which was a surprise since it was such a disaster. Mr. Richardson was surprised to see only Steve walk into his class without Tony. Since he knew that they were dating he found it strange that Tony wasn't with him as they never seemed to leave each others side.
When Tony put his phone away after that small conversation with Nat, he looked over at Steve to see him have a smile on his face from whatever conversation that he, Bruce, and Thor were having. Seeing that smile gave Tony that same feeling of anxiety in the pit of his stomach again like it did last night. Maybe actually talking to Nat about this later would help him process what he was feeling.
"Welcome to our courtyard," Tony had announced proudly with a smile on his face. "This is where we meet up to study and stuff."
When he handed his phone over to him, Tony dropped it in the water.
Steve rolled his eyes but didn't say anything, he realized that Tony was a person with a big ego and didn't want anyone else but him to be right so he kept his mouth shut.
"Urgh..." He saw that he had a smirk on his face when moving the bowl off of the bathtub. Steve grabbed a washcloth and soaked it with cold water then mixed soap into it until it was lathered in it. "Okay, this may hurt but it'll be sure it won't get infected."
"Really?" Steve nodded. "Not that I'm judging you, but
"Oh, sorry about that, JARVIS," Steve apologized with a small smile on his face.
"What?" Tony touched his cheek with his good hand with his eyes wide. "No. I'm hot, that's all."
"Not at all," Howard said with a smile on his face. As he was about to walk past his son, he grabbed his arm and brought him close to him so he could talk to him without anyone else noticing. "You be on your best behavior," he hissed into Tony's ear before letting him go then leaving the room with Maria by his side.
JARVIS looked up at Happy. "Mister Stark is distressed from leaving Mister Rogers for the week."
"It's just a burn, Rogers relax, okay? It'll go away eventually." Steve rolled his eyes before grabbing Tony's arm and practically started to drag him to the bathroom with him complaining the entire short way. "Dude, I didn't realize how strong you were."
A smile crossed Happy's face. "Who's that?"
"Yeah, but I know what I'm doing." Tony tried leaning in again to kiss him, the stench of alcohol was strong on his breath.
"What the hell is that?!"
"How's everything looking so far?" Tony asked JARVIS as he was slipping on thin, black gloves onto his hands.
"You and Pepper have been friends since first grade."
Before Tony went inside his house, he put JARVIS in his backpack which turned out to not be a good idea. The entire time he was trying to fit JARVIS inside the backpack, the small robot was trying to wiggle his way out so he could see the world around him. In all honesty, Tony didn't want JARVIS out of his sight, which was the exact reason why he had stuffed him into his backpack; he didn't want to but he didn't want to risk his father trying to sell JARVIS off without him knowing. So this was for the best.
"I thought this was what you wanted," Tony slurred into the pillow before slowly lifting his head up. "I thought you wanted me but you're rejecting me?"
Tony groaned, leaning back but almost fell into the tub, luckily he caught himself before it was too late. "Rogers, like I said, it's not a big deal! All I need are bandages..." Once the bowl was filled, Steve set the bowl next to Tony on the tub. "What the hell am I suppose to do with this?"
"I don't think anything can bring his ego down." He turned around and walked up the row to sit in his normal spot next to Bruce who was, as always, reading his book. "I swear, you have a new book everyday," Steve said to him but Bruce didn't realize that someone was there. "Bruce?"
"I... I think you're a nerd," Tony blurted out. Clearly that's not what he wanted to say but that was the first thing that came to mind. "No, that's not it."  Steve chuckled. "Not funny, dude!"
"Nobody! There's nobody, okay?" He plopped down on the ground next to the bench. She scoffed. "What!"
"Can't really remember now."
"You're adorable." Steve pinched his cheek while Tony cast a glare at him. He wouldn't admit that he loved the attention that Steve was giving him. Steve cupped Tony's face in his hands then kissed him again, that had made his face turn into an even brighter red. After slowly pulling away from the kiss, Steve and Tony rested their foreheads against one another's, looking into each others eyes.
The three of them stopped talking when the teacher announced that class was now starting and for everyone to take out a notebook to take notes in. Of course, everyone did what he said but Tony. It was a wonder for Steve that Tony was passing any class at all with that attitude.
"How's the hangover?" Steve asked him as he flipped the page of his history textbook.
Before Tony could even finish admitting how he felt, Steve smashed his lips into his. Both of their faces turned a bright red during the kiss. This was it. This was what they both wanted for a while and now they finally had it.
Tony looked at the palm of his hand, taking note of all the skin that had been pealed off. "Was that suppose to happen?"
“Well, who wouldn’t want to stop fighting, a pretty face like his making big eyes at you,” Tony observes.
“Home, sweet home,” Tony said. He was back in the metal suit—apparently it was warmer than the borrowed winter clothes he had been using on board, and he had a ‘reputation to maintain’. Steve was still somewhat disconcerted by it, this red and gold figure that seemed to have stepped off of the set of
“How does fifty years sound?” she offered, with a small smile. “Give or take a decade.”
“You’re sure you don’t want to wait?” Pepper asked, touching his elbow. “We’d be okay, if you need more time to work this out.”
“Less foolish than any of us thought,” Tony agreed.
“Is he immortal?”
“Well, at least the attorney fees won’t be wasted, then. Ugh, it's probably aliens, the way our lives are going.” Tony looked at his watch. “Hey, so there’s nothing interesting on your floor yet, but I can definitely show you around the rest of the building, at least what’s up and running, which is more than when you were here last time. And Pepper’s coming at six, and she's bringing champagne, so that’ll be fun. Hey! How d’you want to get the rest of your stuff? You’re friends with Hill, right, she's in Fury's pocket but she probably likes you anyway, charmer that you are, maybe she could smuggle it out…JARVIS! What say you?” He started to drift back towards the elevator, commentating and gesticulating wildly.
“Gain mastery of himself,” Steve repeated. “What does that entail?” He scrounges for faint memories. “Self-actualization?”
“What’s the problem, here?” Tony says, spreading his arms wide. “I’ve improved Natasha’s widow’s bite by 500%, Bruce’s nanotech expanding trousers are going into production in twelve hours, and I’m pretty sure I can make antimatter artillery for your quiver, if I can just–”
Bruce grabbed for his pulse again.
Sam shook his head in incredulity. “Man, have you met me? ‘Course I am.” He stepped forward and took the portfolio when Steve held it out. Peeked inside and made a small sound of amazement in his throat. “Do I need a new uniform?”
It comes on so slowly, so gradually—Clint’s always had calluses, after all, always had a few scars on the inside of his arm from when he’d been green with a bow and didn’t know better. That those scars darkened, thickened…well.
“He has the internet now, and a tablet with the safe search turned off,” Tony replied. “Either he’s all set, or he’s doomed.”
She let out a long, slow breath.
“Because you’re
“Wait,” Steve said, standing with her. “Does that mean you
“They must be waiting for something,” Bruce says reasonably.
“That was old when
, Steve thought. Of all the things Tony brought with him, of all the things he could make for himself in the Cradle, he remembered the arc reactor, and his
Tony looks at him, his expression unreadable now.
“Thus, the 260%,” Helen said. “He’s made of more than twice as much
“And I don’t have family to come home to,” Steve murmured.
“Good, because you’re interfering with Steve’s workspace,” Pepper said, going over to the side table and filling a second glass, which she brought over to Steve. He accepted it with a nod, and inhaled deeply over the rim. It still felt wonderful and decadent to partake in something he most associated first with church, the grapes cloying and cheap, and then later with wartime France, where the flavors had been revelatory. He hadn’t had much to drink to, especially not of Potts-quality, in years. Maybe one of the birthday parties they’d thrown in the tower, before Ultron. Now, it was a small everyday indulgence that Pepper offered as a matter of course, the heavy smell of tannins and dark fruit, the lingering bite of oak on the roof of his mouth.
“Femto-particular genetic tags,” she said, with a blank sort of disbelief. “I know you were semi-joking with your original hypothesis, but you might have been more right than you intended. The Stones appear to have preserved and then dispersed you at a subatomic level. We’ve skipped pico-technology and gone right to femto-technology. It makes sense, in a way—if the Stones are capable of reshaping the universe in one way or another, they’d have to be able to do it on the smallest possible scales to achieve the complete, reality-changing results.”
“Maybe,” Clint admits.
“You did a good,” she confirmed. She looked back through the house to the open back door, where Captain Rogers sat on the stoop, looking back at them. She gave him a small wave with her free hand, and then turned back to Strange. “That man,” she said, shaking her head.
Rhodes scoffed. “Great.”
Bucky’s face seemed to go through the same process Tony’s just had, his chin jutting out. “What’s it to you, Stark?”
“You ready?” Steve asked, in the general direction of the case.
Steve could feel his eyes widen, he lunged forward. “No, Tony, wait—”
“I’m not going to—”
“You—I am not a
“Good morning,” he responded, but it was clearly just a reflex. “Where’s Colonel Phillips? Are you…what
“Me, too,” Steve whispered. “But it’s not the whole story.”
“Uh huh. Something tells me Stark might have helped you along to that conclusion.”
“There’s something very wrong with you,” Tony says slowly, still staring at Steve’s mouth, which is very distracting. He continues, “For choosing me, of all people, and then
I didn’t
Dr. Cho shrugged. “Sure, if you’re comfortable with that.”
Everyone stopped.
The molecules of the universe were listening.
Sam shrugs. “Run.”
She’s the first one he sees at ground zero, directing troops in to sort through the wreckage of the warehouse, and he goes to her because she looks utterly calm amidst the chaos, and has the far-seeing expression of a seasoned commanding officer as she watches the movements of the other SHIELD agents.
That postwar history book—there was really a Captain America radio show?? Peggy must have despised it. Of the things I wish she could remember, that’s definitely not one.
“Hey! If there’s any resident asshole in this tower, it’s
“Captain America is a symbol,” Steve replied, staring into the water. “I’m just a guy.”
Tony looked back at Steve. “What else did she say?”
Tony swallowed. “How long before we have to report it?”
“We’re still running down leads,” she reported, interrupting a strange dream Steve had been having about tunnels and pools of ink. “Stopped one troublemaker, but there’s no doubt others. Your universe is harder to get to from some places than others, so we’re trying to concentrate on the likeliest candidates.”
The team’s send-off was much more manageable; Clint clapped Steve on the back, expression inscrutable. “Take care of yourself, Cap,” he said. “Try not to screw up the timeline, we just got it straightened out.”
, haven’t I? I’m all in pieces and dissipated, it’s all a mess. So I’ve gotta just know where all my shit is at, and make it all become a part of me again. Easier said than done.”
"Do I sense sarcasm?"
"What are you doing?"
Tony. You know that."
"It's not like I'm never going to tell him, I'm just gonna wait for the right moment."
Nat was getting everyone off of the subject of what they were talking about earlier so Tony could read the text without anyone bothering him.
Not long after Steve had left that night from having an encounter with the drunken Tony he had passed out from how much alcohol he had consumed that night. Steve had returned to their dorm room about an hour and a half after the whole thing to find Tony sleeping in his bed, to be nice, he put a glass of water on Tony's nightstand to hopefully help with his hangover in the morning. He had went to Thor's dorm room to stay for the while and couldn't help but spill the entire thing to him since he was the only one who was available to talk to. Thor gave him the best advice that he could, mostly just listening to Steve's story without any judgment. None of the people in their group was judgmental, unless someone was being stupid, that's when they would be judgmental. Other than that they were all chill with everyone else's personal lives.
"For God's sake, Anthony. I asked for only one thing from you and that was to dress presentably," Howard said in an extremely stern voice.
"Don't  throw facts at me-Oh! Right!" Tony clasped his hands together as he spun on his heels to look at them. "Guys, this is Rogers, he's my new house pet. Rogers, that's Natasha, her charming boyfriend Clint, and that's Thor. He's an exchange student or whatever. And you already know Bruce."
"That's just how I am."
"Guys, check this out," Nat had told Bruce, Clint, and Thor as they were all standing outside of Tony and Steve's dorm room. She had came over not too long ago to see how things were going with the whole relationship thing, but when she tried knocking on the door nobody had answered, so she had picked the lock and let herself in. Which happened quite often since JARVIS saw her sneaking in and just welcomed her instead of telling Tony or Steve. "I told you it was going to happen. Pay up." She held out her hand to Clint and Thor who slapped twenty dollars in her palm.
"Yeah, yeah, whatever. You have it or not."
"Call me Tony."
He turned to face JARVIS who was spinning around in a circle as he was happy to finally get out of the room. "Why are you so impatient?" He asked as he sat up, kicking the box off to the side of the room so he wouldn't trip over that again. "You could've killed me."
He had to be only a year or two younger than Steve was. He had brown hair and big brown eyes to match and it looked like he was starting to grow a beard. The smirk he was wearing gave Steve the idea that he was always causing mischief. He was wearing a large, red hoodie with a AC/DC shirt underneath it and black jeans.
"I don't like touching people I don't know," Tony said as he stood up. "Okay, look. Your room is right there." He pointed at the closed door that was across the room. "Mine is right here." He jabbed a thumb behind his shoulder to the opened door room that looked extremely messy. "Don't touch anything in my room, because I don't need you going to the hospital because I wasn't here to supervise you."
