“What kind of reward?” Sherlock asks, voice a little hoarse. No doubt he can see John’s arousal written clear across his face.
He puts on his blue dressing gown and wanders to his bedroom feeling off-kilter, and sits on the edge of his bed as if waiting for something, hoping for something (he knows what, but it’s better not to acknowledge it).
As the physical pleasure ebbs away, though, Sherlock is hit with the vast difference between this and his encounter with John. Here he is with a man he met
Encouraged by how wrecked Sherlock’s voice sounds, John lowers his head and nibbles at Sherlock’s inner thigh, licks at the soft skin in the crease where his leg joins his backside.
“Wait, wait, wait…” Patrick says after a brief moment of stunned silence. “Scott. Does that mean you’ve
Sherlock begins rocking his hips slowly, the delicious drag of his cock inside John sending sparks of pleasure throughout his body. Sherlock gasp and sighs behind him, picking up speed only very gradually. Finally he finds his rhythm, fucking John steadily while still holding him close to his chest, his thrusts short but precise.
It’s clearly not what John was expecting he’d say. “What… sort of precautions?” he asks slowly, clearly intrigued, hopeful.
“I like you, Scott,” Robert tells him seriously. “I like that you only ever want to talk about bees and that you’ve never tried to stay the night. I wouldn’t mind if we continued like this, though I don’t imagine I could keep up with you for long. But I’m not in love with you.”
. It’s such an absurd feeling it almost makes him want to laugh, because he’s known forever, he can hardly remember a time when he
“Try to stop thinking,” John murmured as he kissed along Sherlock’ jaw, and then moved to press his lips against Sherlock’s forehead. “Let this beautiful brain relax for a moment. Just focus on what it feels like.” His mouth found Sherlock’s again and he kissed him deeply. “Does it feel good?”
“I thought you and Irene…” he mumbles, and that, finally, gets him a proper reaction. Sherlock’s head shoots up, and the look he gives John shocks him with the steel in it.
Sherlock’s climax is explosive. He screams John’s name and thrashes about violently, nearly dislodging John’s grip on him and producing far more come than should be possible for a fourth orgasm. It seems to go on forever, the vibrations drawing additional ripples of pleasure from Sherlock’s body as John strokes him through it. Before stimulation can give way to pain, though, John lets go of Sherlock’s cock and turns the vibrations off, and Sherlock sags limply into John’s embrace. He’s breathing hard, releasing a soft keening sound on every exhale.
Sherlock wakes in the dark, feeling disoriented for a moment. It was still light when he fell asleep; he has no idea what time it is, evening or morning. He stretches, his muscles protesting – he’s getting too old to sleep on the sofa curled up into a tight ball. He’s covered with a blanked – Mrs Hudson must have come up. Hopefully she brought some food – Sherlock finds he’s ravenous. Is it sex or crying, he wonders idly, that makes you exhausted and hungry? Possibly both.
Sherlock collapses under him, and it takes all the strength John has left not to fall right on top of him. He slumps next to him instead, entirely wrung out and almost dizzy after the force of his climax. He puts his arms around Sherlock, who is shaking, and when John’s mind finally clears enough from the post-orgasmic haze he notices there are tears clinging to Sherlock’s eyelashes.
Sherlock gets his hands on John’s cock, thick and hard. He strokes it once before licking the head, and the sound John makes is almost as good as the taste. A feeling of absolute rightness fills Sherlock as he wraps his lips around John, taking him as deep as he can without causing himself discomfort. He covers the base with his hands and starts bobbing his head, sucking on John’s cock. John groans above him, a sound that goes straight to Sherlock’s balls, and he places his hand lightly on the top of Sherlock’s head.
complaining,” he enunciates clearly. “Far from it. I just wish I was twenty years younger so that I could keep up with you.”
Sherlock kisses John’s belly, nuzzles at the trail of hair running through the middle of it, and then mouths at John’s cock through the cotton of his pants, wetting it thoroughly with saliva as he laps at it, enjoying the heavy, musky smell.
Sherlock  pushes the glass of water he’d prepared and a packet of painkillers towards him. “Here,” he mumbles, which is just embarrassing, really – Sherlock Holmes isn’t supposed to mumble.
After the opening session, however, things get much, much harder. She asks him uncomfortable questions. Makes him talk about things he doesn’t want to talk about, and he gives in because she’s probably already deduced them. She makes him look at himself from an outsider’s perspective, look at himself the way he looks at other people, and he takes the clues in his own behaviour and assembles them into a whole, and the resulting picture is someone completely different than who he’s always taken himself to be.
moving, tilting his hips to drive his cock deeper inside Terry to get more of that wonderful hot-slick-tight friction. Emboldened by Terry’s obvious enjoyment, Sherlock plants his feet on the mattress and lifts his pelvis up just as Terry is sinking down.
Sherlock starts moving, lifting himself up and then grinding down again, slowly at first, trying to find the best angle to hit his prostate, and soon John is fucking up to meet him, gripping his hips tight. Sherlock is only dimly aware of the noises he’s making, loud and unabashed, but he can’t focus on anything else but the feeling of John inside him, fucking him with deep, hard strokes. Sherlock’s cock is leaking and his balls heavy but he doesn’t even care about coming, he just wants John to keep fucking him take his pleasure.
John is kissing him hungrily, tongue plunging deep into Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock is acutely aware of John’s body pressing him into the sofa, the strength of him, the unmistakable hardness nudging Sherlock’s hip. Something at Sherlock’s core releases a wave of warmth, flooding him with desire.
John hummed in response, and Sherlock could almost hear him thinking, trying to understand what Sherlock meant, to figure out how he could make things easier for him. Sherlock’s heart swelled with love and gratitude. He sat up abruptly, disengaging himself from John’s arms so that he could face him.
His eyes find John as soon as he enters Speedy’s and John’s find him equally unerringly. They just look at each other for a long moment and Sherlock doesn’t know what it means. They used to be able to communicate so clearly with just a look, but not anymore. John doesn’t look much different than he did the day before, but there is a subtle air of determination about him now, and Sherlock hopes fervently that it’s a good sign. He steps closer, his heart hammering.
John left him to it, and Sherlock splashed cold water on his face. He’d have to do as John asked and admit to his fears and shortcomings – as ridiculous as they were – and hope that John could understand.
Gradually, Sherlock became aware of where he was: in his bed, naked, cooling sweat on his skin and unmistakable signs of receding arousal. In a rush, he remembered what had happened.
“Okay, so it’s not very good manners, but it’s not like you did it on purpose, and I knew there had to be someone anyway.”
And then Terry begins moving, first in gentle rocks and then increasing his range of motion until he’s lifting himself up fully and sinking back down on Sherlock’s cock with relish. Sherlock can only moan, holding onto Terry’s hips for dear life. Did John feel this incredible, overwhelming level of pleasure when he was---
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock demands, his voice rasping. If John wanted to tell him that they could no longer be friends under the new circumstances, he wouldn’t have come, but if he’s here to
John is evidently very serious about the therapy, which never seemed to be the case before. He has a standing appointment at 12:30 every Wednesday and as far as Sherlock is aware, he’s never missed a single one, not even in favour of a case. Initially, whenever Sherlock saw John soon after a session, John would be miserable and irritable, but that has gradually subsided and the therapy actually seems to have had an effect. Sherlock still remembers how shocked he was the first time he expected John to slam his fist on the table and shout, but he didn’t. It was only when moments like that started occurring more and more that Sherlock realised how
“It would help if you could tell me what to do,” he admits, looking at his hands rather than at John.
She clearly realises how rattled he is and doesn’t push him too hard, but she does ask him to tell her his true name and to be honest with her because she can’t help him otherwise. They don’t talk about anything too serious, she introduces him to how things work at Haus Talblick and what additional therapies and activities he can choose to complement their daily sessions, Sherlock tells her briefly who he is and outlines his drug history without going into details. But he tells her the truth because there’s no point in hiding – it’s simultaneously terrifying and liberating.
He cried out and jerked wildly, accidentally drawing John’s fingers deeper into himself. John murmured to him soothingly, stroking his side like he might do to a spooked horse. Sherlock gasped for air as the intensity receded, but then John found his prostate again. He teased it gently, sending wave after wave of overpowering pleasure through Sherlock’s body.
They had sex in the bath. Sherlock and… another man. Sherlock was in the bath, with that pillow that’s now lying in a puddle on the floor probably cushioning his head, with his legs splayed wide and the faceless, nameless man between them, fucking him, water splashing over the rim with every thrust, Sherlock’s moans echoing off the tiles.
It’s nothing like the forceful way John mashed their mouths together. Florian’s lips are soft and yielding, his tongue dipping inside Sherlock’s mouth like a caress. Sherlock steps closer into Florian’s warmth, pressing their chests together, and Florian wraps him in his arms and
He’s hurt John so much over the years in ways he can never make up for, atone for enough, John has every right to be angry with him and take it out in whatever way he sees fit, but not… not like this. Not like this.
“Fuck, I’m close, don’t stop!” Terry begs, as if Sherlock could possibly have any intention of stopping. “Are you close?”
Hopefully, this way he would be able to take it until John reached his orgasm. It had been quite a long time since the last time John had sex and the anal canal was supposed to be significantly tighter than the vagina, which was what John was used to, so with any luck it wouldn’t take too long. If Sherlock focused on John and tried to take his mind off his own bodily sensations, he should be able to avoid getting overwhelmed to the point of near panic again, which would certainly count as things being wrong (as would pain, he supposed) and he’d have to tell John, but a certain level of unease or discomfort would be acceptable, wouldn’t it? It wouldn’t be
“Do I?” John’s grip on Sherlock’s wrist tightens painfully. “Then why did I just see Wiggins down the street, hm?”
He’s looking at the floor with an incredibly pained expression in his face, and it takes all of Sherlock’s self-control not to reach for him.
Exactly two weeks ago, John had to Sherlock’s astonishment confessed he was in love with him. What followed (after Sherlock had got over his initial disbelief) had been quite simply the best two weeks of Sherlock’s life. Everything that Sherlock never dared to hope for had come true: hours spent kissing on the sofa, John holding him close and stroking his hair, being allowed to touch and smell and
Then, several weeks after the day at the zoo, Molly comes down with a cold the day before they’re due for another of their now habitual outings with Rosie, and Mrs Hudson is unavailable (a date – Sherlock prefers not to think about that or his mind palace might get irrecoverably corrupted). John texts him to let him know that he trusts Sherlock to take care of Rosie on his own, but Sherlock realises that this is an opportunity.
He likes pancakes and mangoes and good coffee. He likes the moment when his violin stops being an instrument and becomes an extension of himself and music starts coursing in his veins instead of blood. He likes it when he and Sophie, a French recovering alcoholic and exceptional pianist, play together in the music room and achieve perfect harmony. He likes the sweaty exhaustion after a boxing session. He likes the large gentle eyes and velvety muzzle of the black gelding called Silberstern that he rides, and he likes sitting in the sun with one of the cats living in the stables, Minka, curled up in his lap. (There are no dogs anywhere on the premises, which Sherlock things is a major oversight.) He likes wearing well-fitting clothes. He likes walking for hours.
John uncaps the bottle clumsily and slicks his fingers, dipping two fingers between Sherlock’s buttocks. Sherlock makes a delightful needy noise as John rubs and teases his hole, moving erratically, clearly undecided which way he wants to thrust. John dips one finger in and circles the rim, drawing a long moan from Sherlock.
John takes a step towards Sherlock, then another, and he’s right in front of him, right in front him and Sherlock feels strung so tight he’s going to snap any moment –
“Are they clean?” John asks, and when Sherlock nods, he takes out the butt plug and reaches for the lube. “Come back here.”
Sherlock has turned out to be unexpectedly responsive in bed, especially when it comes to any kind of anal stimulation. He loves being fucked, loves being fingered while John sucks his cock, loves all kinds of toys. But there’s one thing John suspects Sherlock loves even more.
Sherlock swallows the sudden lump of emotion that has appeared in his throat. “I think I can swat flies on my own now. I just hope I won’t have to.” It would be the hardest thing he’s ever had to do, but he would do it. John hurt him in ways he had no right to, but Sherlock will never let him do so again.
thought it was going too far? If no one had stopped him, how long would John have gone on kicking Sherlock? And the last time… John used oil as a lubricant and prepared him a little, so it wasn’t as bad as it could have been, but the penetration was
But before he can decide to do anything, he hears the crinkle of the condom wrapper opening, and can’t do anything anymore, just lie there and hope that his rapid breathing will pass for arousal and not panic.
They lay down facing each other and John kissed him and kissed him, gentle but heated. His left arm stroked Sherlock’s side and then slipped to his belly and then lower, briefly brushing over Sherlock’s erection, and as he did that Sherlock realised his pants were actually wet from the amount of pre-ejaculate he’d leaked. To get his mind off the wave of shame he felt, he kissed John harder, opening his mouth wide for John’s tongue. John evidently liked that – he moaned deeply and pushed Sherlock on his back, pressing him into the mattress.
Sherlock lets him stew in it for a moment, then adds, “And I’m gay, as surely even someone with your abysmal observation skills must have gathered by now. Irene and I are friends, after a fashion, and friendship is the closest kind of relationship I could ever have with a woman.” He takes a deep breath. “No need to be jealous.”
There’s an awkward moment when they struggle with taking off their hiking boots, which breaks the mood a bit, but otherwise it’s easy. Slightly fumbly and uncertain on Sherlock’s part, but Florian takes his hesitations in stride and Sherlock leans into all of his touches, uncaring if he looks too eager: he’ll take all that he can get. They fall on the bed in a tangle of limbs, sighing and gasping as they rock together, and it feels so much better than Sherlock could ever have expected.
“Yes,” Sherlock said and unzipped John’s trousers so that there could really be no mistaking his meaning. “I want you,” he added, feeling a bit silly even though it was true.
John hand falls out of Sherlock’s hair and it feels enough like a caress for Sherlock to let himself indulge in the illusion of affection for a moment, before he finally looks up at John, bracing himself for what he might see.
He gulps down large glasses of water in the kitchen and goes to the bathroom to relieve himself. He can’t stop himself from ginning stupidly at his reflection in the mirror as he washes his hands – he feels like there’s pure happiness coursing through his veins. He considers making John breakfast in bed – it would be nice and romantic, a proper thank you for the amazing first
“Sherlock.” The way John said his name made Sherlock look at him, and John stoked his hair several times, calming him. “It’ll be okay, I promise. I’ll start with my fingers, get you nice and ready…”
He felt John freeze beside him, but he couldn’t deduce why. There was only the ringing sense of failure and impending doom filling his brain.
“Yeah, I can imagine you did,” John sighs. He seems rather rattled by the news. Sherlock can clearly see his internal battle, trying to decide whether he should ask for more details. John has always been… weird about the idea of Sherlock and love, Sherlock and sex (but then again, Sherlock used to be weird about it, too), and recent events obviously haven’t improved matters. John clears his throat awkwardly. “And now? Is… is someone being kind to you now?” he asks, even though he doesn’t seem to particularly want to hear the answer.
“Yes,” Sherlock says before John has even managed to complete the thought. “Please spare me your moralistic drivel.”
“Hey, hey,” John said gently, pulling Sherlock into his arms, and only then did Sherlock notice he’d started shaking violently. Sherlock let himself be pulled against John’s chest, resting his head on his shoulder. He didn’t deserve this, but he needed the comfort desperately. “It’s okay, you’re okay. I’m not angry. I’m just trying to understand what happened. Can you tell me?”
“Can I ask why?” John says. It’s not even the most pressing matter on his mind, but there are so many questions swirling around in his head and he has to choose one. “I mean, why didn’t you just… I’m sure you could have your pick of all the gay men in London.”
“I’m fine, and I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to intrude, I was just…” he trails off, not sure how to continue. What can he say?
“I’ll give you what you need soon,” John promises. “You’re gorgeous, you know? I can’t wait to be inside you. But get yourself nice and ready first. Go on.”
John had told Sherlock quite emphatically that they never had to do anything Sherlock didn’t want to and Sherlock felt absolutely certain John would never pressure him into anything, but some of the behaviour John had displayed since they got together made it quite clear that what John meant by that was they would either have penetrative sex with Sherlock on the bottom, or not have sex at all. He didn’t seem to consider the option of doing anything else at all. It was subconscious, Sherlock was sure, but true: although John had managed to overcome his hang-ups about his attraction to men enough to admit his feelings for Sherlock and enter into a romantic relationship with him, he now felt a need to establish himself as “the man”in the relationship. He wasn’t aware he was doing it, and if someone asked him which one of them was “the girl”, John would no doubt point out in no uncertain terms that they were both men and then quite possibly punch the person in the face. But subconsciously, he had quite evidently decided that Sherlock should be the girl: if they were kissing lying down, he made sure Sherlock would be underneath him, if standing, Sherlock would be the one pressed against the wall, if sitting, Sherlock would be in his lap. Additionally, in the last two weeks John’s preference for beer over wine and action movies and sport matches over anything else on the telly had increased exponentially, he suddenly seemed to develop an interest in cars and lose any ability to tell colours apart, he ogled women as if it life depended on it and generally engaged in any kind of stereotypically male behaviour he could think of. Sherlock didn’t really mind: he was sure John would get over his macho phase soon enough, as he got over his internalized prejudices and realised that his masculinity was in fact still intact. And the fact that Sherlock had no sexual experience also meant he hadn’t developed any preferences: he would happily play any role John wanted him to.
than anything they’ve done so far and Sherlock isn’t sure if it’s appropriate to ask for it. But on the other hand, what other options does he have? Sit at home moping because he doesn’t have anyone to give him what he needs? Unacceptable. Jack is a great source of comfort, but the conversation with John unsettled him, and he needs more than that.
Sherlock’s libido is as strange and full of contradictions as the man himself. It lies dormant most of the time, just another facet of his transport that Sherlock barely notices. John has learned not to take it personally that even though the status of their relationship has changed, he often has to make do with wanks in the shower, only imagining Sherlock’s plush lips wrapped around his cock. Not that Sherlock isn’t uncharacteristically giving when it comes to sex – he’s made it abundantly clear in the beginnings of their relationship that he’d gladly pleasure John in any way John may think of even when his own interest is lacking, but John has found he prefers his own hand to an unenthusiastic partner. Still, he doesn’t mind – because every now and then, Sherlock can be persuaded into a round of gentle but intense, affirming love-making that puts to rest any doubts John may have about Sherlock’s love and desire for him.
“Spread your legs,” John instructs him, almost light-headed from the effect his ministrations are having on Sherlock. “Like that, that’s enough. Now lift.”
to trust John again, but hearing John say all this, hearing the man he’d given his heart to say that he used Sherlock as a punching bag to take out his frustrations, his inability to accept himself… maybe there’s nothing to salvage. His earlier determination to fix things between them suddenly seems stupidly naive. He thinks John’s probably hoping for him to say something, but he can’t. What is there to say? “It’s okay, John, let’s be friends again”? He thought he could do that, but he can’t, at least not now. He takes a sip of his tea. It’s oversteeped.
, not against John. If they were having sex and John decided he wanted it rougher than Sherlock was comfortable with, would Sherlock actually do anything to stop him?
“Yes, Sherlock,” he says, his eyes boring into Sherlock’s. “Everything. I… loved Mary, and in a way I’ll always miss her, but that—that doesn’t change how I feel about you. I meant everything, and I won’t ever say something I don’t.”
John’s fingertips ghost over Sherlock’s temple, and that’s the moment: Sherlock’s hands take hold of John’s shirt to pull him down, but before he has the time to actually do that he’s already on his back and John’s on top of him, kissing him with a desperate hunger.
“John,” he breathes, and kisses John. He’s just had an orgasm but he can already feel himself getting hard again, just at the thought of finally, finally getting to take that last step with John.
“Thanks,” John says as he takes his mug from Sherlock, his fingertips brushing over Sherlock’s knuckles, leaving a trail of warmth behind them.
He hears Sherlock shout as John’s cock spurts inside him, and then Sherlock is coming too, his muscles fluttering and clenching around John, milking the last drops of John’s release out of him.
“Please, John, you know I – I’d do anything for you, but please don’t ask me to… I don’t know if you’re doing this out of loneliness or - or pity or… but it’s not what you really want, you’d regret it and it would – I couldn’t bear it.” He struggles to speak, his chest is contracting painfully and he can’t seem to take a full breath, and a distant part of his brain wonders if he’s actually having a panic attack over this.
“Hnnng,” Sherlock says in response, unable to form words. All of his focus is concentrated thrusting and not coming on the spot.
“There’s more than one reason,” he said after taking a thoughtful sip of his tea. “Mostly, it’s… embarrassing.”
“Thank you,” he manages to get out. “I appreciate it, truly.” He wants to say that John is the best friend Sherlock could ever hope for anyway, that Sherlock did some horrible things to John too, but he doesn't because he doesn’t think it would help. John needs him to accept that promise, not to dismiss is it as unnecessary. And… well. It’s true he’d rather not have John take out his anger on him in the future. Still, the thought of John wanting to be better for Sherlock is decidedly odd, when by all rights it should be – and always has been – Sherlock trying to be better for John.
it, but still Sherlock frozen in place, unable to push in, here in this position where he would have so much more leverage, so much more ability to cause Terry pain.
, whom he loved more than he’d ever thought possible and who, against all probability, loved him back. But once again, he found that what he felt was not based on logic.
The thought is overwhelming and terrifying and his mind shies away from it, but he forces himself to think it, to look at it full on without covering his eyes with his fingers. Sherlock is in love with him.
Patrick leans in and kisses him again, this time soft and chaste in a way that somehow manages to feel more friendly than sexual.
” Sherlock cries out, and it takes all the self-control he can muster not to thrust up. As if reading his mind, John uses one hand to keep Sherlock’s hips still and wraps the other around the base of Sherlock’s erection.  Sherlock had doubts if John would be interested in doing this, and he’s so, so glad he was wrong because it feels
“I know, sorry!” John speaks quickly, lifting a hand in a placating gesture. “I didn’t mean… sorry.” He drops his gaze, runs a hand over his face. “This isn’t a good start.”
He collapsed on top of John, his mind completely blank, his body heavy and boneless. It took a while before the fog in his head cleared enough to register John stoking his hair and murmuring endearments.
” Sherlock cries out as Terry’s inner walls squeeze around him, impossibly hot and tight. “Oh, ohhh.”
Florian watches Sherlock carefully and Sherlock ducks his head, simultaneously wanting to hide and desperate not to be left alone. Florian shifts a little and opens his arms.
Sherlock can’t speak. He can’t hardly breathe. He sits there, motionless, and it feels like every single cell of his body is screaming in agony.
“Good,” John says and smiles at Sherlock in a way that ignites Sherlock’s nerve endings with self-satisfaction – his response has pleased John, and Sherlock wants to please John more than anything. “Now, where were we.”
“Come on, then” John breathed against Sherlock’s mouth, and then took Sherlock’s mouth in his, leading him to Sherlock’s bedroom.
“I’m always brilliant,” Sherlock counters as John mouths at his neck, but his voiced is filled with desire instead of the usual hauteur.
best interest, then where does that leave them? Where do they go from here? Is there any future left for them at all?
“I… er,” he says haltingly. “Right. I should…” he trails off, and moves to walk towards the bathroom.
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock,” John says in a strained whisper as Sherlock flicks the kettle on. He’s standing in the entrance to the kitchen, his eyes fixed on the counter just a few inches from where Sherlock is currently standing. Sherlock shivers – he can vividly remember how the edge of the counter felt pressing into the top of his thighs.
Sherlock tucks him in gently and does his fly up,  a cold feeling of shame settling over him as he gets up and looks for a blanket. John may have initiated, but he was intoxicated and clearly not himself. Sherlock had taken advantage of his drunk and grieving friend, who had expressed his complete lack of interest in him too many times to count, in the most disgusting way, and even John’s unparalleled capacity for forgiveness might not be enough for this kind of breach of trust.
“I’ve been meaning to go see the Falls,” Sherlock says. He hesitates slightly, then gathers his courage. “I could use a guide.”
Sherlock continues to think about his need for John’s touch even after John has left. It’s even stronger now than it used to. He’s wanted John’s touch for as long as he can remember, before he was even able to put a name to his feelings, but now it’s a visceral need: he wants John’s hands to heal the wounds John’s hands have inflicted.
“It’s okay to be nervous,” John whispered to him. “I am, too. But you’re doing so well, Sherlock. You’re incredible.”
“John,” Sherlock moans and his hands travel down John’s back to settle over John’s arse and push his pelvis closer to Sherlock’s as Sherlock thrust up harder, needing him closer, needing more. “John, please—!”
to tell them, even, but the words don’t come. “I want…”He’s able to ask for things in bed – where he wants to be touched, how he wants to be fucked, what he wants to do to the others – but this? How can he say that he wants to be made love to, that he’s come here to beg for affection? He realises suddenly that unless he does something right now to stop it he’s going to start crying, right here on Patrick and Sam’s sofa.
An ice brick lodges itself in Sherlock’s stomach. Why on earth did he think meeting her would be a good idea?
John collapses next to Sherlock, who feels empty in more ways than one when John’s cock slips out of him, and he’s indescribably grateful when John stays close to him and he can steal a little of his warmth.
“I know. I want it. I want you,” Sherlock says firmly, and means it more than he thought possible, more than could ever have imagined wanting someone who isn’t John.
I love your mouth, God you’re amazing.” John’s hands tighten in Sherlock’s hair, not nearly enough to hurt but enough to make Sherlock still.
“That’s one word for it.” It’s a hateful word, one that involves associations Sherlock would rather do without.
And then he remembers the exact place he needs, a health resort in Switzerland he came across during his time away because one of Moriarty’s operatives was hiding there. He immediately likes the idea of leaving the country, of going far away from here, from his life… from John.
“Wow,” John says as his breathing slowly evens out. “That was—wow. Do you…. Um, I mean, should I--?”
, but kissing John – yes). John groans deep in his throat as he bites down on Sherlock’s lower lip and Sherlock feels himself stiffen further.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No need.” The last thing he needs is for them to accidentally bump into each other as they cook. He tries not to look at John and concentrate instead on not burning anything. He can feel the nervous energy radiating from John.
“No, it’s not - It just struck me as something you might like. A story about a pirate? You do like ballet, don’t you?”
“What I did to you in the – in that mortuary… that was unforgivable, Sherlock. You never did anything to deserve something like that, and you never deserved to be blamed for Mary’s death. I’m sorry.”
There’s just one thing left now. Sherlock said at the beginning that he didn’t want penetration, and Robert has given him no indication that he minds at all, but Sherlock made up his mind very early on, once he was knew what Robert was like in bed: he wants it to happen with Robert because he could hardly find anyone better suited – calm, patient and caring.
Saying goodbye is impossible, no standard phrase applicable to their situations. They hold each other’s gaze and just nod instead, both desperately clinging to their composure. Then John faces about and leaves. The cup of tea Sherlock made for him is untouched.
“I don’t need a safeword if we’re not—“ Sherlock starts, but John stops him by placing a finger on his lips.
He doesn’t say what he needs, which makes Sherlock want to give it to him even more. He pushes at John’s shoulders, reversing their positions. Oral sex might be a little unimaginative, considering it’s what they did the last time, but Sherlock’s options are limited, and he isn’t prepared for anything else.
Sherlock jumps up automatically, trying not to get his hopes up and failing. If John has come here even though it’s not his turn, then maybe…
,” he groans as he buries himself in John’s body. He folds himself around John, pressing his chest against John’s back, hugging John to him. “John, John.”
“You’ve said,” Sherlock says, aiming for matter-of-fact and achieving it perhaps a bit too well. “You don’t have to keep repeating it. I know you mean it.” It’s the only saving grace in this mess.
“Thanks,” he murmurs and changes the topic quickly.  “Rosie clearly has the makings of a scientist. I was thinking she could get her own microscope when she’s a bit older.”
“Okay,” John says, always so easily accepting. “What would that involve, then? Bondage? The—the riding crop?”
Sherlock nods again. “Hold me,” he says softly. And so John does – he holds Sherlock’s close, stroking his back and murmuring endearments and praise to his ear until Sherlock’s shivers subside. Only then does John reach for the flannel and cleans them both up as much as his current lack of energy allows. The water bottle seems almost too heavy for Sherlock to hold when John hands it to him, but he drinks deeply – his throat must be parched.
be happy, knowing? Could John be happy if Sherlock did fall in love with someone else, or would that just inspire… more unjustified rage?
He’s quite shocked at himself afterwards, but in an unexpectedly good way. Still, he begins avoiding the gym after that when he knows the banker will be there. It would be exceedingly humiliating to be caught with an erection. Not to mention that the banker is clearly straight and has a wife and two kids at home, and anyway, Sherlock despises bankers.
Sherlock shakes his head, but he doesn’t intend to lie to them. “No. It’s someone I’ve known for a while, actually.”
“Sorry,” John murmurs, even though it’s unclear what exactly he’s apologising for. Sherlock strokes Jack’s head. “I shouldn’t have made you talk about it.”
He collapses on top of Sherlock who doesn’t seem to mind, wrapping his arms around John as the aftershocks die down.
“No, keep still,” John says, laying a hand on Sherlock’s hips. “Can you do that for me?” Sherlock stills obediently, but John can tell what an effort it is, and he plans to make up for it. “Very good.”
“On your knees,” John growls. He has never been more aroused in his life, and he doubts it’s possible for human penises to get any harder than his is right now. Because Sherlock liked having John’s tongue inside of him so much that one orgasm wasn’t enough to quench his thirst for release.
and the very concrete experience of having a hot, half-naked man in his bedroom. Desire surges in him, different from the simple need to touch he’s felt until now, and he kisses Florian hungrily.
Robert thought of it. Sherlock feels an absurd need to thank him for being so considerate, but he stops himself just in time. That would be embarrassing.
That’s what it’s really about – discovering facets of himself that he never knew existed. Or he did know, but failed to interpret them correctly. But when he sits in Dr Schneider’s office and talks – or doesn’t talk, which is often the case – he can see them clearly. He is an intensely emotional person who craves human connection but believes himself unworthy of it. He hides behind a mask of coldness because he’s afraid of getting hurt. He would do anything, sacrifice anything for John Watson without a single thought to his own happiness, health or safety. He does drugs not to alleviate boredom but to numb pain. This is the person Dr Schneider sees, and he has a hard time reconciling that with who he’s always believed himself to be.
“But you were,” Patrick points out. “You just gave us a nickname, that’s all. Everything was true.” He doesn’t seem to doubt his words at all, and Sherlock knows that he’s right – assuming a different name allowed him to really be himself, embrace his vulnerability and his desires.
“Sherlock,” he said softly, touching Sherlock’s face again. “Why did you feel you needed to calm down? Was I – was I hurting you?” he asked barely above a whisper.
“Intense, was it?” John asks, brushing sweat-damp curls from Sherlock’s face. It must have been, coming so hard twice in, what, fifteen minutes?
“So naturally, I was curious as to what finally changed your mind. I thought there were only two possible reasons: either you needed my expertise for a case, or you’ve finally stopped being afraid of me because you’ve stopped being afraid of sex.”
John is on his way home from the surgery and decides to stop by Baker Street. It’s to pick up the stuffed bee Rosie forgot at Mrs Hudson’s the last time she was there, mainly, but it’s also been a few days since he’s last seen Sherlock, and the Stamfords have taken Rosie with them to the zoo, so…
“Yes, John,” Sherlock said, lifting his head from John’s chest to look up at him. It felt like a huge weight had lifted from his chest: he’d laid himself bare for John, and John had accepted him.
“John, I need… I need to go harder, please, can I?” Sherlock begs, sounding half out of his mind with want.
“Go on, then,” John prompts him. “Show me what you can do. Don’t take more than you find comfortable, though.”
“John,” Sherlock says, barely audible, and he sounds utterly wrung out. John makes a mental note to use the vibrating butt plug more often.
“Forever, then,” Sherlock says simply and surges up to claim John’s mouth. They kiss hungrily, John’s fingers tangled in Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock pours all his love into the kiss, hoping John can understand everything Sherlock will never be able to put into words.
Sherlock looks at him properly then, because that doesn’t make any sense. It meant everything to Sherlock, of course, but John isn’t supposed to know that, he isn’t supposed to
like this, and John can’t help himself anymore: he toes off his shoes and places one foot on Sherlock’s chair, between his spread legs. Sherlock’s eyes fly open at this, unfocused, but he only needs a second to realise what John’s after. He shifts, bringing the hard outline of his cock in contact with the sole of John’s foot, and groans.
Sherlock has a good time and it seems that John does, too, even though ballet isn’t usually his entertainment of choice. The performance, while not the best Sherlock has ever seen, is enjoyable, and sitting close to John makes up for the fact that there is essentially no leg room. They giggle over smoked salmon and champagne during the interval and John seems happy, his face open and relaxed, his eyes on Sherlock warm and attentive. It makes Sherlock slightly flustered, but he figures that maybe this is simply what John is like now, when he has let go of grief and guilt and anger. When he’s allowing himself to be happy again. Sherlock wishes he could stay like that forever.
Ah. Probably just a part of John’s self-improvement project, then, trying to be more appreciative of his friends. But still, better test his hypothesis to be sure. “And where and when will this
“Yes, but today especially,” John says, forcibly pulling himself away to be able to look at Sherlock’s face. “I think you deserve a reward, don’t you?”
Sherlock collapses back on the pillow as soon as he has drunk his fill, looking half asleep already. John settles next to him, cuddling close the way they like it.
John kissed the top of his head. He was clearly still upset, but he wasn’t rejecting Sherlock, and that was the main thing. Sherlock would do all he could to deserve it.
He closes his eyes against the onslaught of images, against the mess of roiling emotions in his belly. Then, driven by some sort of irresistible masochistic curiosity, he walks to Sherlock’s bedroom.
It’s a lovely kiss – slow and deep, not so obviously driven by nothing more than sexual need. Sherlock wishes they could do just this for the rest of the night, but that’s a ridiculous, sentimental notion. He lets the kiss calm his jangled nerves a little but tears himself away as soon as he can bring himself to. This is for John. He turns to lie on his front, placing a pillow under his hips, and spreads his legs. John’s for the taking.
He drops two tea bags into mugs and pours hot water over them. He wants to retreat to the relative safety of the living room, but he forces himself not to. This is where it happened, so this is where they will discuss it.
“Lie still,” John tells him as he positions himself between Sherlock legs. “Come for me.” And before Sherlock’s dazed brain can process what’s going on, John swallows him to the hilt. Sherlock feels his cock hit the back of John’s throat and he all but screams, pleasure reaching an impossible height as John pushes two fingers where Sherlock is filled with John’s come. Sherlock’s back arches as John hollows his cheeks, sucking hard,  and crooks his fingers just
His improved mood continues the next morning, which is good, because the time has finally come for his brunch with The Woman, and that is certainly something he’d rather do while he’s feeling confident. He finds Irene sitting in the restaurant where they agreed to meet, already sipping a mimosa and looking as flawless as ever. Time seems to have barely touched her.
“Of course I have to,” John breathes into Sherlock’s mouth. “D’you think I can just ignore it when this beautiful cock gets so nice and hard for me? No bloody way.”
? He was more than entitled to shout at Sherlock. Sherlock rested his forehead on his knees, curling himself up as tight as possible.
“Sherlock, love.” Very gently, John manoeuvres them to lie back down, slipping out of Sherlock’s limp body in the process.  Sherlock is drenched in cooling sweat, his face flushed and wet with tears and his breathing fast and shallow. It isn’t the first time this has happened, and it really isn’t surprising that Sherlock had pushed his body a little too far, but the sight rattles John enough to shake him out of his post-orgasmic lassitude.
– it’s John inside of him, it’s as close as they can be, and that knowledge is satisfying enough in itself. Sherlock focuses on that, and tries not to think about what (or rather, whom) John might be thinking about, whose name might be on his lips if his sighs took the shape of words.
” Sherlock can only yelp as his muscles tense and his penis spurts hot wetness within his boxer briefs.
Sherlock opened his mouth, but he couldn’t. How could he possibly explain to John that he was clearly too much of a freak to have sex with him? He felt tears prickle behind his eyes and made hid his face in the crook of John’s neck instead. He was utterly pathetic. “I’m sorry,” he whispered again.
Sherlock swallows and nods and then John’s arms are around him, hugging him, finally, completely. It’s a moment that’s long overdue but it feels so right, it feels like that everything in Sherlock that’s been tense for weeks, months,
“I like this,” Sherlock said quietly, wiggling his hips a little to make his point. “Are you… is it… good for you?” he asked awkwardly.
It’s the first time either of them has acknowledged that they are not, in fact, just polite acquaintances. Sherlock swallows. Is he sure? He looks at Jack, dozing next to him on the sofa, and gathers his courage.
“I do want it,” he said. His voice sounded weak, but he couldn’t seem to find the strength for anything more. “I’ve never wanted anyone the way I want you, John. But I just
John glanced at him and then chuckled, some of the tension seeping out of him. Sherlock gave him a wry smile.
He ends up on all fours on the floor, breathing raggedly. He retches, certain he’s going to be sick, but nothing comes up. Everything hurts. There are tiny droplets of blood welling up on the back of his hand where his teeth have broken skin. He didn’t notice. He can feel John’s ejaculate slowly trickling out of him – at least he hopes it’s just John’s ejaculate. He should clean up.
“Maybe you just need more time,” he suggests, surprised at how gentle his voice comes out, repeating the mantra he’s lived by the last few months.
“What, already?” John says when they come up for air and his thigh brushes against Sherlock’s renewed erection.
Sherlock stomach roils with a wave of nausea, and any thoughts of a quick wank he might have had are gone.
“I think it would be best if you left now,” Sherlock says, his eyes tightly shut as though he couldn’t bear to catch even the merest glimpse of John.
“I said I’m fine!” Sherlock interrupts him, flinching away from John’s touch and curling into an even tighter ball.
“Tea?” Sherlock offers out of desperate need to do something, anything, to make this situation seem more normal. He doesn’t wait for John’s answer before he moves to the kitchen and starts filling the kettle. He hates everything about this.
on a regular basis, albeit in a completely superficial way. Maybe it would make not being wanted by John hurt less, give him more confidence to stand up for himself. Although he may not even have to do that – maybe John’s determined to cut ties with him completely. But in that case, maybe it would be even more welcome to have… someone. It’s a thing to consider, at any rate.
days when it comes to John, not anymore, but there are days that are all right. Tolerable. But this clearly isn’t one of them: John is already pissed off, his morning shift at the surgery was obviously exhausting, he had at least three separate arguments and now he’s miffed that he has to stand in for Molly instead of going home to Rosie and that he’ll have to pay the nanny for extra hours. (Somehow, John has never found it odd that the woman he’s hired to look after Rosie while he’s at work is always available when John needs her to be and charges barely a third of the average hourly rate. He believes her story that she’s a well-off old lady with no family of her own who just wants to spend time around children. Or perhaps he doesn’t, perhaps he’s aware that Sherlock pays the rest of her fees, perhaps he agrees with Sherlock’s assessment that it’s the least he can do to make up for the part he played in making Rosie motherless.) He hasn’t slept well and he’s already had several drinks – Sherlock can’t tell how many, he’s found he’s unable to judge John’s alcohol intake accurately since his tolerance seems to have increased considerably since the stag night – but it’s certainly more than what would be considered socially acceptable at this early hour. All in all, not a good day.
At first it looks like that John’s going to protest, but then he seems to think about Sherlock’s words and realise he’s got a point.
He’s sitting at the kitchen table watching the back of John’s chair when John wakes. He groans in pain as he shifts, then swears under his breath, moving gingerly, trying to locate the sources of all his pains and aches.
It’s not funny at all, but Sherlock chuckles anyway and raises an eyebrow, mostly to hide how touched it makes him.
He went back to kissing John’s mouth as he wrapped his fingers around his generous girth, stroking lightly. It was wonderful to be touching John so intimately – he felt incredibly privileged to be allowed to do this, to hold such a vulnerable part of John’s body in his hands and know John wanted him to.
Sherlock’s first instinct is to go and confront John right now. Bang on his door and demand answers. The truth, at last. But he doesn’t do that. Instead he goes home and sits by the fire with Jack, and thinks.
“It’s okay,” John whispered as he ran his hands up Sherlock’s thighs and back and pulled him close. “We don’t do anything you don’t want, I promise. I love you.” He stroked soothingly up and down Sherlock’s back, not straying lower just yet.  Sherlock exhaled shakily and wrapped his arms around John, pulling him as close to his chest as possible. As long as he could hold on to John, he would be fine.
“What? No, I mean Midsomer, as in Midsomer Murders, the TV show? You’ve never heard of Midsomer Murders?
“We arranged this meeting several weeks in advance. I don’t see how it can possible come as a surprise.”
“Hey,” John says softly, ever the caring friend even when he must be utterly disgusted. “You all right?”
“I’m not a virgin,” Sherlock interrupts him, annoyed. He shifts a little to sit up as well, trying to reduce the distance between himself and John.
John’s mouth attaches itself to Sherlock’s uncovered nipple before he can answer, and he moans in pleasure. He’d forgotten how good his body can feel. He wants more of it, wants everything, wants John.
While it was true that Sherlock’s own touch was bound to feel far less intense than John’s, Sherlock didn’t think he’d be able to essentially have John watch him masturbate. He shook his head, embarrassed.
John kicks off his shoes at the side of the bed and so Sherlock does the same, unsure of what is expected of him now. He’s ridiculous, he thinks as he climbs onto the bed after John. He’s had John’s cock inside him countless times, in his mouth and in his arse, in this very bed, it’s ridiculous that he should feel so… uncertain now. But it was different then, when he knew (or thought he knew, maybe, possibly, if he’s luckier than he deserves) that his only task was to get John off quickly and efficiently, while making himself as inconspicuous as possible. He has no idea what to do now – he can’t fathom what a man who says he loves him might want from him.
“Yes, yes, yes,” John chants in time with his thrusts as he continues to push into him, blessedly harder now, or maybe it just feels that way as Sherlock’s muscles clench wildly around John as his orgasm overtakes him, and then he can
He lets Rosie play while he gets her lunch ready. He cooked everything last night, so he only needs to heat it up now: home-made oven-baked chicken nuggets, boiled potatoes and baby carrots. Rosie is currently going through a phase where she refuses to eat anything she can’t hold in her hand, so Sherlock does his best to comply with her wishes. He finds it an interesting challenge to try to prepare meals she’ll enjoy eating.
Florian smiles. “Okay, hang on.” He extricates himself from Sherlock’s arms and bends down from the bed to rummage through his own trousers, giving Sherlock an unimpeded view of his… well, arse. They’re in bed about to have sex, he thinks he should probably call it an arse.
John keeps the smooth, even rhythm for some time, but eventually he starts picking up speed. He shifts a little and the minute change of angle means his next thrust sends a sharp spike of pleasure through Sherlock, like a firework exploding deep in his core. He tries to keep quiet, his teeth digging into the soft flesh of his lower lip hard enough to draw blood, but the sensation is too intense and a distasteful whine gets past his lips anyway. Fortunately, John seems too far gone to be distracted by a brief noise. His thrust become harder and faster, eliciting a series of moans and curses from him, that Sherlock already recognises as characteristic of John’s approach to orgasm. Two more times John brushes Sherlock’s prostate, but Sherlock’s is ready for it now and manages not to make any more noise.
“Sherlock… why did you never try to defend yourself?” he asks, sounding miserable. “Did you really think I was entitled?”
There’s Sherlock’s pale blue shirt lying on the floor by the bed, the way it would have fallen when someone pushed it off his shoulders. The bed is unmade. God, did they do it here too? Did Sherlock not gather enough
“No,” Sherlock says, but he doesn’t mean it the way he would have in the past, when he would have bristled at being called something as pedestrian as
Sherlock can almost physically feel all his hopes crashing down. Today is clearly a bad day. There aren’t any
“I told you to stop apologising. Your self-recrimination doesn’t help anyone,” Sherlock says stiffly. “Just… do what you said you’d do. Get better. Treat me better,” he adds. It sounds unnatural and artificial to say a thing like that, but Sherlock feels like it needs to be said – for his own sake more than for John’s, perhaps.
Sherlock nods dumbly as he tries to catch his breath, his confusion mounting. First rage, then kissing and groping and now John’s going to cook?
Sherlock shouted, and only when John immediately pulled out did he realise that what he’d shouted was “no”.
“I like to be close to you. Whatever we do, I think I’d prefer to be face to face. And… touch you. I want to be able to touch you everywhere.” He felt his cheeks redden and he turned his head to hide his face against John’s chest.
If Sherlock’s lack of expertise is showing, John doesn’t seem to mind as he moans and writhes in pleasure. He places on the top of Sherlock’s head, and for some reason that simple gesture feels much more erotic than having John’s cock in his mouth, and Sherlock can’t entirely stifle a moan when a fresh wave of heat pools between his legs.
Sherlock’s food moves higher up John’s leg, tickling the sensitive skin of his inner thigh. “Please.”
He kisses down John’s chest as he unbuttons his shirt, and when he spreads it open he can’t resist the temptation to kiss John’s right nipple, tongue lapping at the little hard nub. Clearly John’s nipples are sensitive, because he moans, his hips jerking, and so Sherlock licks harder, sucks a little, and massages John’s other nipple with his fingers, while his other hand deftly opens John’s trousers.
,” Sherlock whines, squirming. John can see Sherlock’s cock over his shoulder, flushed dark against the pale skin of his abdomen, and perhaps he’s simply too aroused for coherent sentences.
Despite how tempting John looked, Sherlock knew he’d just keep worrying about his breath if he didn’t brush his teeth now and that really wouldn’t help him to behave like a functional human being capable of having sex. He slipped to the bathroom and brushed his teeth quickly, and then wet a flannel and wiped down under his arms and between his legs – better safe than sorry.
And then one afternoon they’re kissing enthusiastically on the sofa with Sherlock lying on top of John, and they have gone as far as removing each other’s shirts. Sherlock is enjoying kissing John’s neck while John’s hands roam his back and his level of arousal is significant but not uncomfortably high, which is why it comes as a surprise when John moves his hands to Sherlock’s buttocks and
“Stop,” Sherlock says quietly but firmly, and John obeys immediately. His chest heaves as he looks up at Sherlock, his stormy blue eyes swimming in tears. “You don’t get to decide that, and you don’t get to use me as your personal source of punishment. Don’t you see? That’s precisely what I did, and look how well it worked out.” He steps a little closer, close enough that John has to tilt his head back to look at him. “I’ve forgiven you. That doesn’t mean I think what you did to me wasn’t terrible, or that it’s okay, or that we can pretend it never happened. It just means that I see the sincerity of your regret and I don’t want us to live the rest of our lives weighed down by resentment and guilt. I forgive you; now you need to forgive yourself.”
“I needed to see how I would react to that level of intimacy, to be sure if I could… do that, be like that, in an acceptable way, with someone who was… personally invested.” He grimaces. “I’m afraid the results were conclusive. A resounding no.”
“Back with me?” John asks. Sherlock makes a nondescript sound in response, but that’s enough. “You’ve done incredibly well tonight, do you know? You’re a marvel.”
“What?” Sherlock glances at him in surprise briefly before looking back down. “Of course not. Didn’t you hear when I said he was gentle?”
It’s a disconcerting and not at all pleasant experience, to be subject to this kind of scrutiny, to be laid bare without being able to hide. He deduces what she deduces about him, that she can tell he’s here under an assumed identity, that he came here on an impulse preceded by a… traumatic event that caused his cravings to flare up, that he’s in pain both physically and psychologically, that he’s lost and deeply unhappy and doesn’t know what to do to stop himself from drowning in an endless spiral of misery. He looks at himself through her eyes and sees a broken man grasping at straws.
He pushes John back into his chair and falls on his knees in front of him. He doesn’t look at John’s face as he pushes his legs wide apart and positions himself between them – he only looks at the tented crotch of John’s jeans. He unbuckles John’s belt and opens his trousers, listening to the harsh sounds of John’s breathing, and then places his hand awkwardly inside the vee of the zip, against the bulge in John’s pants. He can feel John hot and hard underneath his palm as he grinds down, eliciting a grunt from John’s lips.
He looks towards a fireplace and indeed, there is a white envelope propped against the Persian slipper, with
Sherlock opens his mouth automatically to point out that Irene’s insistence is absurd and not helpful in any way, that John could never feel anything but friendship for Sherlock and pretending otherwise is unkind if not downright cruel, but then he hears John’s voice in his head, and the world stops:
He doesn’t know how long it lasts, seconds or hours of monotonous pounding, but eventually John thrusts in harder than ever, burying himself deep with a strangled groan.
“There’s no case,” Sherlock says before John can even open his mouth to say hello, and John falters in his tracks.
John reaches for him, not sure what he’s about to do, but Sherlock visibly flinches, so John lets his hand fall.
He cuts himself off mid-sob when he hears a noise downstairs, the front door opening and closing, and for a second he’s frozen in terror thinking it could be John coming back. But no, it’s just Mrs Hudson returning from the shops. He hears her retreat to her flat, and exhales in relief. For the first time in as long as he can remember, he wants John as far from him as possible. The feeling is so incongruent with what he’s used to that he can’t quite wrap his mind around it, and it makes him cry all the harder. It feels like something inside him has shattered beyond repair.
Sherlock feels almost like he’s coming too, an intense feeling of satisfaction filling him as he watches and feels John’s orgasm. He’s like a live wire, every twitch of John’s cock inside him sending a jolt of electricity through every nerve of Sherlock’s body.
He chooses fitted jeans that flatter his arse and thighs and a tight short-sleeved t-shirt and Molly shows him how to apply eyeliner. (Sherlock is a bit surprised she knows how to do that at all, he’s never seen her wear much of anything besides unfortunate lipstick, but then, he’s never given that much thought to what she gets up to outside of the lab. Maybe he should change that.) He walks her to the train station afterwards and there, standing on the platform, he decides there’s no reason why he shouldn’t hug her.
His therapist, Dr Schneider, turns out to be no idiot at all. She’s a woman in her late fifties with short-cropped grey hair and piercing eyes. Sherlock deduces she got her PhD in London, that she has a considerably younger female partner, two cats, enjoys gardening and knitting… and that she can read him just as easily as he can read her, deducing him right back.
didn’t want to wait any longer. Well… almost no doubt. He did want it, but in the privacy of his own mind he could admit that he was also slightly… terrified.
After he gets back to the flat he’ll take Jack for a nice long walk, and then he thinks he’ll take time to indulge with his new toy. Tomorrow morning he’ll go with Mrs Hudson to the shops – it’s tedious and annoying and exhausting, but she appreciates it so much and will bake anything he wants afterwards, so it’s worth it. And in the afternoon, he’ll meet John for their first joint therapy session, the first step on the long journey they’re about to take together, terrifying and empowering at the same time. This, too, will be hard but worth it. He’s certain of it.
It’s a bit of a shame that there doesn’t seem to be much he could do for Robert, whose kindness has definitely meant the most to him. He tries at least to make their encounters as good for Robert as possible. He’s always been a quick learner, and he’s fairly confident in his skills by now. He knows what Robert likes and how to give it to him in the most effective way, and being able to bring him to intense orgasms is incredibly satisfying. He gets more comfortable with bottoming every time he does it, and soon learns how to make the most of what it offers, to explosive results for both of them.
because it seemed to create a sort of connection between them, but now it’s obviously only because John’s checking the size of Sherlock’s pupils. John grabs Sherlock’s right wrist and pulls up his sleeve, examining the crook of Sherlock’s elbow for fresh puncture marks. Sherlock wonders if John is more observant that Sherlock gives him credit for, if he’s suspicious because he noticed Sherlock feels guilty.
John makes a terrible noise that sounds halfway between laughter and a sob. He shakes his head. “The thing is that it was never really about her death. I told myself I blamed you for that because it seemed like a justifiable reason to be angry, but the real reason… the real reason was that I didn’t mourn her enough and I didn’t love her enough and all the time I was with her I regretted not being here with you instead.”
Sherlock thinks of John’s brutal thrusts and the splitting pain and he can’t imagine wanting to do that to someone. He knows that wasn’t normal, he
“Thank you, John,” he says thickly. He can feel tears prickle behind his eyes, and turns away from John again and starts rummaging through a drawer, looking for a grater. “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.”
“I said turn around!” John repeats, and Sherlock obeys. What else is there to do? He could leave, push John away and stop this, but he’s not going to do that any more than he would have hit John back. His limbs move uncooperatively but he turns his back to John and his hard gaze, and then he pushes his trousers down and hoists his dressing gown up, saving John the trouble.
…” John wouldn’t stop if his muscles cramped now, not when Sherlock descends back into incoherent noises of pleasure and his body goes taut, ready to snap, and John gives the last few licks and thrusts everything he has, mashing his face between Sherlock’s buttocks, wordlessly trying to encourage him to let go – until Sherlock does.
but he’d let himself utterly lose control and he’d been humping John like a dog, completely forgetting that that wasn’t what he was here for and, he realised with horror as he cast his mind back, letting out a staccato of loud moans that sounded like a broken squeaky toy. No wonder John had stopped.
John sets to work, repeating the long broad lick once before focusing on Sherlock’s anus. He laps at it gently at first, soft little licks designed to tease, to drive Sherlock wild – and they do. John can tell he’s fighting the urge to squirm, trying not to rut against the pillow under his hips or press against John’s mouth, but to keep still as John instructed him to. Pleased by his obedience, John rewards him by making his strokes firmer. He circles the rim and pushes against the muscle, licking and probing and sucking but not pushing in, not yet.
“Of course I do. You’re sorry but you’re not gay, only ever thought of me as a friend, blah blah blah. Trust me,
“Hey, Scott, are you all right?” Patrick asks him as soon as Sherlock steps inside their unbearably domestic living room. He really must look awful, if they both immediately ask him how he is.
“You keep looking at my mouth,” he blurted out one day after several subtle and fruitless attempts to steer the conversation in a direction that would give him a clue whether Robert would be receptive to his advances. He cringed internally at his own directness, but at least it would be out of the way.
“Need—to come—like this,” he pants and rides John harder, slapping his hips down with all the force he can muster. John doesn’t have enough leverage for more than very minute thrusts, but he moves his hands to Sherlock’s luscious arse and begins lifting him up and pulling him down, bearing some of his weight.
Sherlock shakes his head. “But we have to talk about it, don’t we? We can never get past this unless we talk about it.”
“Oh yes,” John promises. He’s not nearly as sensitive to anal stimulation as Sherlock his, but he still finds the intimacy of having Sherlock inside him is incredibly arousing.
anal sex can be enjoyable for both parties and Terry has clearly had pleasurable experiences, but he can’t help the images of vicious pounding that flash in his mind.
The intensity of the feeling surprises him – to what extent he still wants to be there for John, help him, do everything in his power to make John’s life easier, better. Is that wrong? Should he not feel like that anymore? He trusts himself to put an end to things if necessary, he won’t let himself be mistreated anymore, but he still wants John’s happiness more than anything. He still wants John to touch him – with kindness. With love.
If Sherlock can’t predict John’s behaviour as well as he thought, and if he can’t trust himself to stop John when he goes too far, even when stopping him would be in
Sherlock laughs, preening at the admiration for John. “I don’t think that suggestion would go over well. And anyway… I don’t like to share.” He knows he would never be able to do what Sam and Patrick do. He wants John for himself, to build the kind of intimacy where no one else can be admitted.
“Search the flat then! I’ll piss into a cup if you want.” Sherlock’s voice rises despite himself. “I’ve done every single humiliating thing you wanted me to do without complaint, I really think you could trust me by now!”
“Hands off,” John warns him when Sherlock tries to bring John’s foot closer, and Sherlock obeys, digging his fingers into the arms of his chair as his hips thrust upwards.
“Fuck,” John breathes as he comes back down from one of the most intense orgasms of his life. His arms ache and his arse is sore, but it was certainly worth it. “That was – Sherlock?”
Sherlock brings the box to the bed, and in it John finds a thick, curved dildo and a sleek black butt plug. John finds the thought of Sherlock using either of them on himself intensely erotic, even before he notices that there is a remote for the butt plug.
On Sherlock’s birthday it seemed that John softened towards him a little, but the effect was short-lived. They still see each other regularly, which is better than nothing, but it’s clear now that John only comes over when it’s his turn for Sherlock-sitting. Sherlock is no longer under 24-hour supervision like he was at the beginning, when could be glad he was allowed to use the loo unaccompanied, but someone still stops by to check on him every day to make sure he’s been a good little boy while left to his own devices. And that’s the only time John shows any interest in him – when he’s
“Everything’s taken care of,” Sherlock assures him, in case John was worried about that. John quickly takes off his shirt and lies down next to Sherlock, burying his fingers in Sherlock’s hair as he leans in  to kiss him.
The habit to keep quiet is strong, though, so Sherlock presses his lips to John’s in order to muffle his moan when John’s thumb flicks over the tip of Sherlock’s cock. It’s nothing like when Sherlock does this himself – his masturbatory sessions are always brief and to the point, but John’s clearly intent on driving Sherlock to ecstasy, and just that knowledge is almost enough to make Sherlock come.
John let his hand drop from Sherlock’s hair, and both of his hands found their way underneath Sherlock’s dressing gown, up and up his thighs until they reached his cotton-clad buttocks and pulled his hips forward, fingers splaying possessively.  Sherlock couldn’t help but moan into John’s mouth as he met the hard denim-covered bulge again and again and again as John guided his pelvis forward. And then John’s hips were moving too, thrusting up to meet Sherlock and send sparks of liquid desire through Sherlock’s body. They were rutting together like animals but it felt so good so good so good, Sherlock had to stop kissing John in order to breathe as his hips drove forward of their own accord now, faster and faster and—
hit him, would Sherlock really be strong enough to end things there and then? He believes he would, but there’s no guarantee. Is there even a way for them to be together
“Yes, yes, please!” he cries out as John repeats the motion, sending further sparks of ecstasy down every nerve in Sherlock’s body. Needing more, Sherlock lifts his other leg too, crossing his ankles behind John’s back, trying to draw John even deeper into himself, and it works –
“Do you want to check between my toes too?” he asks haughtily to mask any pangs of conscience he might be feeling.
When Robert begins moving, it’s not fucking. It’s not thrusting or taking, it’s just minute rocks of his hips that must be barely perceptible from the outside, but inside –
“All right?” John asks quietly, still out of breath, as he moves his hand to Sherlock’s hair again. “What would you--?”
He sucked at John’s nipple, delighted by the moan that tore itself from John’s throat, and he let his hand trail down John’s chest to the smooth muscles of his stomach and the dusting of coarse hair that disappeared under the waistband of his pants.
He almost does it. He’s ready to do it, but then, somehow, moving almost without his own conscious input, he flushes it down the toilet instead.
After that, however, he’s surprised to find himself thinking about sex rather often. Not the sex he had (or more precisely, perhaps, the sex was had with him, since it didn’t feel like something that he had any active role in), but in general. What it would be like under normal circumstances. Not with John, of course, that would never happen, but just someone who maybe liked him a little. Or at least someone who wasn’t angry with him at the time and found him passably attractive. He might be inexperienced, but even he knows that sex shouldn’t be about one partner getting off while the other struggles not to scream in pain, and he’s starting to feel he might like to find out what the real thing is like. It’s strange to find himself curious about it when he hasn’t been for most of his life. He always considered sex as something that other people did but that didn’t concern him in the slightest. He felt some curiosity in his teens, but he couldn’t imagine letting himself be so vulnerable in front of someone. But now, this concern somehow no longer seems so relevant – there’s little to be alarmed about when the worst has already happened. He never cared that he’d never had sex, but it turns out he does care that he’s only had the most terrible kind of sex he can imagine.
“Oh shush, of course it’s appropriate. Let me fetch it.” Patrick hurries to the bedroom and returns with an elegant, deep plum box.
Sherlock after it’s over and their friendship will be ruined, except it already is, Sherlock has already done that.
John’s head hangs even lower. “You never deserved any of that. You… you did so much for me, I didn’t want to see it but I do now, you were willing to give up your life for me, several times, and instead of thanking you I… did things to you I wouldn’t do to my worst enemy.” He exhales shakily, swallows. “I’m not asking for your forgiveness, but I… I want you to know I’ve never regretted anything more in my life.”
“We were happy to be of service,” Patrick smirks cheekily and he turns his head to give Sherlock a sloppy kiss. He’s cheerful and relaxed, but Sherlock still senses something he isn’t saying.
for some reason John has yet to discover, awful that he made assumptions about Sherlock’s private life in a way that clearly hurt him, awful that his best friend preferred to pay a stranger for sex rather than – rather than…
Sherlock nods minutely in acknowledgement, but doesn’t look up, and John desperately tries to come up with something else to say, something more to do, and fails.
Sherlock hands John his cup of tea. He doesn’t know what to say, so he says nothing. John takes the mug and looks at it intently as if looking for answers, or inspiration.
Sherlock’s desperate need to come, and suddenly it’s too much for John, and he bucks up as hard as his limited range of motion allows him, bringing Sherlock’s hips down to meet him, and his orgasm explodes at the base of his spine.
“Hmm, I think so too, it would be great fun.” Sherlock glances at the clock. John will be here soon. “But now, I think it’s time for lunch, don’t you? I’m afraid your father insists on regular meal times; when you’re older you should fight him on it, it’s ridiculous.”
John looks up at him then, taking a deep breath. He holds Sherlock’s gaze, even though it seems to take a supreme amount of effort.
John closes the door and turns off the overhead light, leaving only the bedside lamp on. He likes to see Sherlock, but Sherlock prefers the lighting to be more intimate, and isn’t going to deny him this. He sets the bottle and flannel on the bedside table, never taking his eyes off Sherlock, making his desire obvious.
It’s clear, however, that John’s not thinking of the first time he was here but the last. As they enter the flat his eyes move immediately towards the kitchen and he appears to be fighting back nausea.
“I love you,” he murmured into John’s neck and then, trying to pull himself together and get on with things, he reached down John’s pants.
Sherlock swallows around a lump in his throat. It’s… unexpectedly touching to hear John say that. The urge to touch him is stronger than ever, but he resists.
His objective was to provide John with a satisfactory sexual encounter. It didn’t have to be the best sex of John’s life just yet – Sherlock knew he simply couldn’t manage much more than staying still and letting John do all the work, but he had to manage at least
It’s Sherlock’s turn now to clean them up, and he does so gently but not nearly as thoroughly as John did before, too tired to care. They curl up in each other’s arms, and Sherlock could hardly imagine anything better than this – happy and sated, John’s warm body close to his as they drift off to sleep.
“Oh,” John says almost conversationally, like they’re talking about a topic that’s totally normal for them and everything’s fine. “So he was… like her, then?” he asks, and his gaze lingers on Sherlock’s wrists, his neck, checking for bruises.
“Want one?” Terry asks, offering Sherlock a half-full box of cigarettes. Sherlock hesitates – he shouldn’t, he told himself he’d stop smoking too, but this is a clear invitation for him not to leave just yet. He takes a cigarette and gratefully slides back in bed next to Terry, leaning against the headboard.
Sherlock wanted to be kissing John but found that he couldn’t because he was too mesmerised by the sight of John’s cock sliding through his fist to tear his gaze away. John was so hard and hot and he was actually thrusting up minutely as if he couldn’t help it and he was sighing and moaning and Sherlock was doing that, he was giving John pleasure, he was going to
” he begs, and John doesn’t waste any more time. He adds some more lube on his hand and then plunges two fingers in at once, knowing Sherlock can take it.
John had made it quite clear, of course, that he would give Sherlock all the time he needed, but enough of their make-out sessions had led to John all but rutting against Sherlock to leave no doubt in Sherlock’s mind that he didn’t want to keep him waiting, that
, but it’s clearly not to be. So he just… waits, and hopes he’ll be able to settle into a sort of normalcy at some point.
“Come here,” Robert murmurs with a sad kind of smile as he opens his arms and pulls Sherlock to his broad chest. It almost surprises Sherlock that they’re both still naked, that a few moments ago they were having frantic sex. That experience seems somehow completely removed from the raw intimacy of this moment. Sherlock relaxes against Robert and tries to enjoy the comfort the embrace gives him. Tears prickle in the corners of his eyes, but he feels somehow lighter.
“Thank you, Molly,” he says quietly, watching the elephants with single-minded attention. “You’re a good friend.”
When he doesn’t wake, John covers him with a blanket and lets him sleep. He could certainly use some time to get his thoughts in order.
“I’ve never kissed anyone with a beard,” Sherlock said, meeting Robert’s gaze with determination. “I wonder what it’s like.”
John doesn’t. A tear runs down the side of his nose, unimpeded. He lifts a hand and reaches to touch Sherlock’s shoulder and Sherlock flinches involuntarily, his whole body jerking away from John. John withdraws his hand immediately as if Sherlock were made of fire, and with a sudden rush of disappointment Sherlock realises that despite his body’s unconscious reaction, what he wants more than anything is for John to touch him. A kind, comforting, affectionate touch from John. What would it be like, if he hadn’t flinched? John’s hand, coming to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder. The weight of it, warmth seeping through the fabric of Sherlock’s shirt. And then -- John pulling him closer, wrapping his arms around him, holding Sherlock close to his chest.
“But I think,” John says, dragging his thumb across Sherlock’s lips, “that what I want now is your mouth. It’s so very talented.” Sherlock’s mouth waters at the words, his need to be filled diminishing in view of John’s wishes. “And if you’re good, which I know you will be, I’ll fuck you after.”
“What did you do to yourself?” John asks before attaching his lips to Sherlock’s pulse point, sucking gently, then harder.
“Sherlock,” John exhales when they break apart, barely a whisper. His eyes are huge and sad. “You can’t seriously still want this.”
“You’ve made it clear on numerous occasions that you aren’t interested in men generally and me particularly,” he points out, trying to find a semblance of sense.
John shook his head. “I should have noticed. But, Sherlock, you should have told me. Do you have any idea how frightening it was when you suddenly went unresponsive on me?”
here? He didn’t even text in advance, and it’s Saturday afternoon, what right does he have to show up unannounced? And for what? It’s not like he can ask them for what he wants, even if he were able to put it into words. He could have asked Robert, maybe, but not them. There are rules to what they do, and he’s sure this would be breaking some of them. Patrick and Sam have made it very clear that they want an occasional sex partner, not anything resembling a polyamorous relationship. And that’s fine, it’s not like Sherlock wants that, but he’s certain that the sort of tenderness and intimacy he craves right now is something they reserve for each other, and asking for it would be crossing a boundary he’s not supposed to cross.
John comes in just as Sherlock is trying to stop Rosie from mashing potatoes all over herself like some sort of facial mask.
“You know what I’ve been wondering,” John whispers against Sherlock’s lips as Sherlock’s erection quickly fills again in his grip.  “What did you do about this before we got together?”
“Good night, then,” John whispers and kisses Sherlock’s forehead so gently it sends a shiver down Sherlock’s spine. He gets up, discards the condom and gathers his clothes.
“Oh, you know, fresh mountain air and all that. It does wonders for the constitution. By the way, I see that Lestrade finally made his move.” Sherlock deflects, trying to shift the attention away from himself. It was his idea to meet her here, but he realises now he doesn’t particularly want – or know how – to talk to her. They don’t usually do this kind of thing.
Patrick glances at him, then shrugs. “We were happy to do it and we’ll be happy to do it again if you need us to, Scott,” he says, looking Sherlock firmly in the eye. “But I think you’re wasting your time with us. Don’t get me wrong, we adore you and we’ll be devastated once you get fed up with us, but it’s obvious to me that you need something that we can’t give you. You want more than this, you want…”
“I really thought she was there to stay, you know?” Maggie continues. “Poor girl. So few people are willing to take an older dog, it breaks my heart. I get it, of course I do – you get attached and before you know it they’re gone. Not everyone’s ready for that, I get it. But those poor darlings! You could tell how happy Abby was when she realised she was going home with her new family! They seemed like a really nice couple too, I reckon she can have a good few years with them… but you’re not listening to me at all, Scotty, are you?” Before Sherlock can react, her eyes twinkle and she grins at him. “Is there a young man on your mind?”
“There’s good boy,” John praises him as he positions himself between Sherlock’s legs. He teases Sherlock’s rim with the head of his cock, pushing only the tip in as Sherlock’s breathing gets impossibly shallower, and then he grips Sherlock’s hips to keep them still and rams in.
, but that’s just a question of terminology). He’s a self-hating, lonely man with no concept of self-worth who’s so desperate for any scraps of attention from the man he loves and is pathologically dependent on that he lets himself be abused.
). He writes a note for Mrs Hudson, then, after a long moment of consideration and several drafts, a short letter to John. Then he puts on his coat, takes his case and leaves without looking back.
John sags against him and Sherlock wraps his arms around him more firmly, unwilling to let him move away. He’s heavy, but his weight feels grounding and comforting.
He stretches, enjoying the lassitude in his muscles. Patrick gives him a sleepy smile. His arm is thrown over Sherlock’s chest, the tips of his fingers stroking Sam’s shoulder.
“I think I’ve been promised a kiss,” John said, smirking at him. There seemed to be self-assurance and sexual confidence radiating from him, but when he bent down to kiss Sherlock it was soft and gentle and full of reassurance.
, the firm grip on his hips, the painful push inside him. And all of a sudden he finds himself crying, huge, wracking sobs shaking his body, tears flowing freely down his face. He wishes John had hit him instead, punched him, kicked him. Killed him. It would be strangely fitting, he thinks, to die at John’s hand, and better than this. Better than having his feelings and his deepest wishes used as a way to punish him.
“Take me to bed, John,” Sherlock says, and John nods solemnly. He takes Sherlock’s hand and leads him to the bedroom – it should feel odd, for John to go first when it’s Sherlock’s bedroom, but it doesn’t, it feels absolutely right. Sherlock wants to let himself be led by John in this – to let John… take care of him.
Sherlock stills. That… is not what he expected. He turns to face John, finding him looking at him. John seems sincere. Sherlock is unexpectedly moved – John came to offer Sherlock support, even though it must be incredibly uncomfortable for him. And maybe it’s just John feeling sorry for his poor, stupid friend, but he’s here. Sherlock will take it – it’s what he does. He takes what he can get.
And then – after years of pining, weeks of waiting, days of torturous anticipation – they’re there. Standing in the living room and looking at each other, a little awkwardly, finally alone and in peace. The impatience of the last few days seems to fall away, replaced instead with thrumming tension.
And it’s not even how it happened, he knows it’s not. Sherlock told him he’d specifically asked for someone who would be gentle with him. It’s only John’s dirty, twisted mind that supplied animalistic fucking instead.
“John,” he says, because the only thing he knows for certain is that if he doesn’t say anything now he’ll never have another chance.
John meets Sherlock’s eyes with a serious gaze and for the first time since Sherlock came back it feels like before, like they’re communicating without words – Sherlock sharing how discovering his sexuality has helped him recover, and John listening to him and acknowledging it. They’ll have to say it in words at some point, but it feels so good to know that this private, intimate channel of communication seems to be opening to them once again.
at the start of John’s spiral into anger and drinking and violence, and Sherlock cannot help feeling guilty about that. On the other hand… that didn’t give John the right to treat Sherlock the way he did, he knows that now.
John stares at him. “What, Greg and Molly?” He blinks, then frowns. “Actually, I can sort of see that.” No signs that he wants Molly for himself. Good. “Did either of them say anything to you?”
, on the other hand, the person Sherlock loves more than anything in this world and who called Sherlock his best friend not so long ago… Was he lying when he said that? He must have been, otherwise he wouldn’t have treated Sherlock like trash.
of miscommunication and pain, when we’ve finally reached a point where we’re both able to admit what we feel for each other, we should finally just try to be happy? I think we’ve earned the right.”
“You’re wrong,” he says dully.  Irene leans back in her chair as if the shock of Sherlock’s statement threw her backwards.
He lies there for some time, just listening to the rhythm of Robert’s breathing, before he extricates himself from the embrace and begins to put his clothes back on. When they first started sleeping together, Sherlock thought that leaving while Robert was asleep would be terribly rude, but there was really no knowing whether Robert’s post-sex nap would last fifteen minutes or three hours and it could get really boring, so eventually he stopped worrying about it and just left when he felt like it. He feels strangely out of place when he gets back to his cottage, moving from room to room without purpose. He steps under the shower and stands there until the water runs cold. He makes tea on autopilot and doesn’t drink it. Eventually he takes his violin and plays until it gets too dark to see the sheet musing and then he plays from memory without turning on the lights until the early hours, not noticing the pain in his arms and fingers. He sleeps without dreams.
A second finger joined the first, stretching him further, pushing in deeper. John was talking to him in soothing whispers but Sherlock found he couldn’t make out the words anymore, he was too focused on breathing normally and keeping his muscles relaxed. And then John’s fingers curled and pressed and heat exploded inside Sherlock, intense pleasure spiking through him like an electric shock.
Sherlock shouts, nearly lifting himself off the bed in an attempt to impale himself further on John’s fingers, the ring of muscle greedily drawing them in. “More!”
Before John knows it, Sherlock switches their positions. He spreads his legs wide and places a pillow under his hips, looking debauched with his cock leaking and his hole glistening with lube, lisp swollen and red from kisses.
John starts moving slowly, and gradually Sherlock gets used to the feeling. It’s not exactly pleasurable, but it’s
“You don’t want to do it, do you,” John said, and the tone of his voice cut into Sherlock’s heart like a knife. “You only went along with it for my sake.”
In the bathroom, he turns on all the taps to cover any noise he might make as he takes himself in hand. He’s harder than he can ever remember being, and it only takes five fast, tight strokes before he’s coming, swallowing John’s name.
Finally, John’s hips move in a rapid succession of sharp, powerful stabs until he buries himself deep inside Sherlock and comes, unabashedly vocal in his release.
“I don’t want penetration,” Sherlock blurts out before he has time to think about his rather clinical word choice, needing, suddenly, to make that absolutely clear.
“Yes,” Sherlock says as clearly as he can. They haven’t even properly started yet and Sherlock already feels an overwhelming need to deposit himself at John’s feet. “I’ll tell you.”
“Scott, what are you doing here?” he asks, clearly having spotted Sherlock through the window. “Are you all right?”
Robert chuckles wryly. “No, you’re right, there hasn’t been anyone. But it’s not – there’s no dramatic or tragic reason. I just don’t really care for romance. The books are just books,” he says before Sherlock can even open his mouth to mention the romance novels. “I enjoy reading them, but I also like a good murder mystery and that doesn’t mean I dream of living in Midsomer.”
a considerate lover, and of course he wouldn’t want to leave his partner unsatisfied, even if… well. Even if he found the act off-putting.
“You like this, though,” John says after a while. “When I stroke your hair. I thought you'd find it too sentimental, but you like it. Don’t you?”
For a second, Sherlock feels the usual frustration he feels whenever he understands how obvious his love for John is to everyone around him, before he realises that Patrick and Sam aren’t supposed to know about John’s existence because they’re not supposed to know who Sherlock is. Unless Sherlock slipped again and called out John’s name during orgasm, but even if that had happened, he wouldn’t have called him
if Sherlock had decided to abstain from sex instead? That thought annoys Sherlock even more, because John has absolutely
“Yeah. I don’t think you’ll be ready to introduce him to your ex-lovers in less than two weeks’ time, will you, so this year’s out.”
“Like what you see, you gorgeous thing?” Florian smirks when he catches Sherlock looking and crawls back to Sherlock, a small foil sachet of lubricant in his hand. Sherlock flushes hotly and nods.
He can still appreciate men who don’t fit his particular idea of perfection, however.  He likes a kind smile, a broad chest, a toned bicep. He notices attractive men and handsome men and beautiful men and men who aren’t any of those things but still capture his attention. He looks.
John is quiet for a long time after Sherlock finishes speaking, staring somewhere over Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock feels a rising wave of panic. He probably shouldn’t have said that. What he
“And for what it’s worth, we’re not opposed to foursomes, just so you know,” Sam says, wiggling his eyebrows. “Watson seemed pretty hot in some of the pictures.”
Sherlock always feels things so much more than John expects him to. How many times has John accidentally hurt him simply because he didn’t think Sherlock
He shrugs one shoulder. “I’m fine,” he forces the words out. “You didn’t break me, if that’s what you’re asking,” he specifies, perhaps a bit too harshly. “I just needed… some time for myself, as they say.”
with a stranger is too much. And so he excuses himself and returns to his hotel in the dead of night, running an assessment of the
“Mary… she was here when you were dead, and she… she saved me, in a way, and I was so grateful to her and at the time it seemed like that was enough. But then you came back and I realised that it wasn’t, that I was just fooling myself, except I was hurt and angry with you for leaving and I just… I wanted to have a life separate from you even though what I
“Just a second, love,” John soothes him, stroking Sherlock’s thigh as he lubes himself up. Sherlock’s eyes are fixed on the hand moving up and down John’s cock. John puts on a bit of a show, stroking himself at a leisurely pace, knowing it will dive Sherlock wild. Sherlock watches him, panting helplessly and obviously dying to plunge is own fingers into himself to finish what John so cruelly didn’t. But he doesn’t, because he knows he can only touch himself when John tells him to.
“Okay, love,” John said, holding Sherlock tighter. “Whatever you need. I’ll always ask you before I do something, does that sound good? And you’ll tell me if there’s anything you don’t like, or anything you’d like to change, all right?”
John nods, clearly understanding that avoidance won’t help. He looks at his tea a while longer and then sets the mug on the table when the hand holding it starts shaking.
It was past three in the morning and they were curled up in each other’s arms, having kissed and talked so much their mouths hurt, when John said, “We should probably go to bed.”
Sherlock’s movements get frantic and his voice louder, the thrusts of his hips so powerful that John has trouble keeping his foot in place.
John tugged at the band of Sherlock’s pants in a request for permission and Sherlock lifted his hips off the mattress, barely knowing what he was doing as John’s tongue circled his nipple. His entire body felt like it was on fire.
No, Sherlock wants to say, John has had absolutely no effect on the organ pumping blood through Sherlock’s body (although John’s
“And this is a microscope,” Sherlock explains patiently, letting Rosie touch it. “It’s used to look at things that are really, really tiny. There can be an entire world hidden in a drop of water, would you believe that? Maybe when you’re a little older, we can ask Daddy if I could get you one, too.”
“I’ll just…” Sherlock gestures vaguely towards the bathroom, grateful for having a pretext to disappear.
The hairdresser’s name tag says he’s called Florian, and he’s obviously gay. If the way he dresses didn’t give him away, it would be more than clear from the way his gaze sweeps over Sherlock with evident appreciation as he says, “Mr Siegerson, please come in and make yourself comfortable.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says firmly. He thinks it might give John a heart attack if Sherlock told him he has regular threesomes with a married couple, but he’s not going to pretend to be celibate. He has sex now. He likes it. Deal with it, John.
Sherlock expects, and a shiver runs down his spine. In his mind’s eye he can already see the moment when John will say now and Sherlock will come like a burst dam.
“I need a drink,” John announced and stalked off to the kitchen. He was back within moments with a bottle of whisky and a tumbler, and his hands shook as he poured himself a sloppy glass.
“John,” he says carefully, “I understand what you’re saying, but I… I want you to know that I feel safe with you nevertheless. You’ve made tremendous progress since you started the therapy, don’t think I haven’t noticed. You now react with anger to only 36 percent of the situations that you would have before, and when you do get angry, it takes you significantly longer to get there and the intensity is lower. I don’t believe there’s anything in you that deserves to be called a monster, but if there was, I have complete faith that you now have the ability to reign it in. And… I believe you won’t hurt me because I’m... asking you not to. I don’t want you to.  Should I change my mind about this, I’ll let you know in explicit terms. Unless I do that, you should assume I don’t… consent, even if I don’t do anything to stop you.”
He kissed him, and Sherlock used all his remaining strength to kiss back, hoping to show John without words that he was thankful too, for John’s patience and care and understanding. That John loved him so much would never cease to amaze him.
“You won’t,” Terry says, cupping Sherlock’s face with unexpected gentleness. “We don’t have to do that if you don’t want to, but you won’t hurt me.” He leans in closer, bringing his lips all the way to Sherlock’s ear, and he whispers breathily, “I’m wearing a butt plug.”
a thing that friends do together, and in the end it’s not so bad and Sherlock ends up rather enjoying himself. It’s like preparing for an undercover mission – Scott Siegerson, out-and-proud gay man on the pull, confident and experienced and comfortable in his own body. Definitely not someone who’s vaguely terrified at the prospect of going to a club with the express purpose of finding a partner for casual sex.
There’s excitement buzzing in his veins but he realises he’s getting ahead of himself. They’ve got to be two for this. He needs to talk to John. Maybe it will turn out that Irene was wrong after all. Or she was right, but John’s feelings have changed since then. In any case, Sherlock needs to know. And in the end, if John says no, it might be just what Sherlock needs to finally break away from him completely and find someone else.
But of course, in Sherlock’s fantasies John was never drunk, and it was always Sherlock whom he wanted.
“Maybe.” The downward turn of John’s mouth was heart-breaking. “But you were uncomfortable, and I shouldn’t have let that happen.”
He finds a rhythm soon, he alternates tongue-fucking with gentle sucking and licking – both inside and out – and brief breaks when he nuzzles Sherlock’s buttocks, fondles his arse and balls. Soon there is a hint of voice in Sherlock’s breathing, every exhale almost a moan, and then nothing but a moan, not loud but brimming with need all the same.
John fumbled with the tube cap for a moment and Sherlock hugged a pillow to himself and tried not to feel too exposed. This was for John.
Except there’s no guarantee he hasn’t lost him already, is there? In fact, it’s likely that he has. He thought, after his birthday when John stood in the living room and cried and let Sherlock hug him and then they went out for cake, that maybe things would turn out okay after all, despite everything he had done wrong. That John would forgive him and they would, somehow, patch up their broken friendship. But it’s looking increasingly less likely that John is interested in doing that at all.
“Sherlock, just one thing,” John murmurs, his breath hot on Sherlock’s skin. “Please, just one thing. Don’t do anything just because you think I want it. You deserve to get as much out of this as me. I want to give it to you. Please, will you… will you tell me if there’s anything you want, or don’t want. It matters to me. Can you do that?”
“I just want to finish reading this article,” John lies. “You keep touching yourself, I know how much you need it.”
“You’re right,” he says quietly, swallowing his harsh words, forcing himself not to raise his voice. No point in provoking John. He swallows. “Let me get changed then I’ll make some… toast.”
Well. Sherlock is intrigued, but it’s probably for the best if John never voices whatever is on his mind. It’s likely to be something to do with Sherlock’s feelings, and the less they speak about those the better. If they never mention them again, maybe John will forget Sherlock ever voiced them in the first place, and eventually it will become okay again for Sherlock to occasionally indulge in some minor, friendly touches, to compliment John without feeling like he’s exposing his heart to the elements. Until then, it’s enough that John’s here, wanting to be Sherlock’s friend.
to be known and understood. And if Patrick knows someone who might be a good fit for Sherlock when the time comes, why should he protest? He’d certainly trust Patrick’s judgment more than the algorithms of a mobile app.
“Oh, Sherlock,” John said gently and spooned up behind himself, putting an arm around Sherlock’s waist. “You’re gorgeous, love. You don’t need to hide from me.” He peppered kisses the back of Sherlock’s neck and stroked his stomach, and as he shifted Sherlock felt his erection press against his arse. What was he doing? John wanted to fuck him, and instead of letting him do that Sherlock was panicking about his looks. Preposterous. He took a calming breath and turned in John’s embrace to face him.
She seems to catch sight of him from the corner of her eye and jumps, raising a nitrile-gloved hand to her chest.
“I’m sorry,” John said after taking a swig of his drink. “For shouting, and for being such a piss-poor boyfriend.”
Sherlock lets the touch of John’s hand guide him back down on the sofa because it actually feels like his knees might give out. God, he’s even more pathetic than he thought. He covers his face with his hands and tries to deepen his breaths.
,” Sam repeats with a little more emphasis. “We don’t kick friends out just because they showed up unannounced. We just want to know what the matter is because sorry, but you don’t look fine to me.”
John stilled but made sure to keep some distance between his groin and Sherlock’s arse, so Sherlock pushed back determinedly.
Sherlock has never imagined that life could be like this. He is John’s boyfriend (they haven’t discussed the terminology, but they have expressed a mutual desire to be in a committed relationship, so boyfriends is effectively what they are), and it turns out that being John’s boyfriend is the only thing that’s better than being the only consulting detective in the world. It’s marvellous. John takes every opportunity to spend time with Sherlock and looks at him with open, undisguised affection, and Sherlock no longer needs to hide how he feels, they touch each other and hug and hold hands and cuddle and kiss and kiss and kiss and kiss, and Sherlock has never experienced a high that felt half so good.
It’s as if a brick of ice had suddenly appeared in Sherlock’s stomach. “Wh-what?” he stammers, sitting up straight, but there can be no misunderstanding. He’s never mentioned John to Robert or anyone else in the village – not consciously. There’s only one possible explanation.
He’s utterly gorgeous like this, drenched in sweat and fucking himself on John’s cock with abandon. John places his hands on Sherlock’s hips as Sherlock starts moving up and down, and he feels Sherlock’s entire body quiver with exertion. Feeling a sudden need to hug him, John sits up, careful not to disengage them, and wraps his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
“Do I look like someone people confide their romantic aspirations to? But they obviously like each other, and I think they could be good together.”
Sherlock looks at him from under his lashes, breathing hard. John wants to fuck him right now, bend him over the sofa and take him, but he knows he needs to keep himself in check in order to keep up with Sherlock.
Sherlock doesn’t know what he should do in case of option three. Perhaps the fact that no penetration was involved would be a mitigating factor?
Sherlock hesitates for a moment, considers lying. He could tell John that it’s okay, that he doesn’t need anything, but his chances to get off like that are slim, and John is bound to be a considerate lover – he’d notice Sherlock’s discomfort and blame himself for it. Unacceptable.
“Me too,” says Patrick. “You deserve it so much, Scott. But if it doesn’t, just say the word and I’ll put you in touch with my graphic designer, you’d love him, he’s dreamy.”
John smiles at him. It may be brief and a little bit sad, but it’s a smile, and Sherlock’s heart leaps like it always does and will never stop doing.
John says nothing, perhaps surmising that Sherlock came without direct stimulation again, or perhaps just grateful that he doesn’t have to touch him. He keeps stroking Sherlock’s hair, though, and Sherlock is so out of sorts that he takes the liberty of leaning into the touch a little, and then pressing a kiss to the inside of John’s wrist.
Sherlock’s smile falters only when he feels a question rising in his throat, forcing its way past its lips. It’s a question he hasn’t dared to repeat after he was rejected on the first attempt, but now, perhaps, the time is right.
John briefly covered his face with his hands. “Yeah,” he mumbled, and then looked at Sherlock. “I’m sorry. We don’t have to do that, not ever, and certainly not before you feel completely ready.”
“No,” he says, and the atmosphere seems to change subtly. Sherlock swallows, suddenly unsure. What does John mean by this?
He had thought about his apprehension extensively, and he thought that he knew where it stemmed from. The main root of the problem was that, up until now, his sexuality had been an entirely private thing and the only kind of sexual behaviour he had ever engaged in was (mostly quite perfunctory) masturbation. As such, Sherlock had grown accustomed to sexual release occurring in utter privacy, and to let someone take part in it now, after so long, felt like—it felt almost like he was about to let someone watch him as he emptied his bowels (and it didn’t help that, after he’d made this comparison in his head, he realised that in the activities they were most likely to engage in, traces of faecal matter couldn’t be entirely ruled out). He felt ridiculously embarrassed just thinking about it – how could he let John see the no doubt contorted, scrunched-up facial expressions, hear the ridiculous noises he would make? He would be panting and writhing and moaning and reacting without conscious thought and John would witness it – the thought was mortifying. He’d had sexual fantasies about John before, but those were blurry and really quite abstract – he’d never given much thought to the logistics of it before now.
“I want to make you feel good,” Sherlock rasped and, remembering what John had done to him the first night and how it had felt, he tentatively circled a finger around John’s nipple.
This time Sherlock doesn’t feel nervous at all when he approaches Patrick and Sam’s house, even though they have no idea that the reason for his visit is to tell them he can’t keep seeing them. He decided to do it in person because they have meant too much to him to just let them know via text, and he wants to see them one last time.
him to stay the night and then run into his flatmate in the morning. To show the flatmate that Terry has a sex life too, to try and make him jealous, or perhaps just to make Terry feel better.
tell me you understand now that it’s not true. There’s nothing you did or could ever have done that would give me any right to treat you the way I did.”
The only real drawback was that, as much as Sherlock liked being held by John, this way he could only hug John’s arm to him, and it was simply not enough. He needed to have John in his arms too, he needed to kiss him. He was going to turn around and let John rut against his thigh instead and –
John keeps a rhythm of slow, deep thrusts that are, to him, almost unbearable in their intensity. He pulls out almost all the way, only to push back as far as he can, drawing deep, almost continuous moans from Sherlock. Gradually, Sherlock’s voice gets louder, his fingers dig into John’s back harder, and John knows he only needs to hold out for a little while before he gives Sherlock his third orgasm of the night and then he can finally,
“Thank you, Sherlock,” John said quietly, and he shifted, moving them so their faces would be level and he could look Sherlock in the eye… when Sherlock managed to get his eyes to open. “Thank you so much for letting me experience this with you. You have no idea how much it means to me that you trust me enough to do this. I love you.”
, and he’s using it to give him pleasure, to make him beg for more and meet his thrusts with vigour. It’s heady, almost more arousing than the actual feeling of Terry’s passage squeezing and rubbing him, the knowledge that he’s the one doing this, making someone feel good. John couldn’t have felt anything remotely like this. His cock feels fuller than ever as he thrusts harder, making Terry moan louder. He feels on the brink of orgasm but he does his best to hold on, wanting to let Terry come first – it just seems right that way.
He gulps. He thinks of the letter he wrote to Sherlock after Mary died, all the terrible things he said in it. He takes the envelope with a shaking hand and puts it in his coat pocket. He’ll read it when he’s alone.
“Go on, then,” John says when Sherlock looks at him for guidance, indicating Sherlock’s tented trousers, and hides himself behind his paper.
“Yes,” Sherlock managed. The position they were in gave him more control on how much of his body came into contact with John, and it seemed like he’d be able to find the right balance between his need for closeness and the necessity to keep the sensations from getting too overwhelming. He was intensely aroused and his skin was tingling, but it felt good.
John always notices it before Sherlock does. Sherlock will be distracted and irritable all day, uncomfortable in his own skin but unconsciously sensual: licking his lips, touching his neck, stroking his thighs. He’ll think he’s just bored, not realising it’s his libido waking up and requesting what Sherlock has been denying his body in the last few weeks. John will know what it is, though: he knows the signs, and he’ll spend most of the day trying to stifle his own growing arousal, waiting until Sherlock is ready. Sherlock won’t realise what’s going on until he catches himself doing something blatantly obvious, like humping the sofa. Or, like now, sitting in his chair with his legs spread wide and rubbing his crotch absently while he scrolls down on his phone.
He does manage to give John a powerful orgasm, and things seem all right after that. The next time they have sex John doesn’t attempt to touch him, and Sherlock retains enough control of his body not to embarrass them both again.
, Sherlock thinks, but John sits there quietly and waits for his response, and Sherlock knows, somehow, that he’ll wait however long it takes. He takes a shaky breath and lifts his head.
Sherlock is in love with him, and Sherlock apparently thinks so little of himself that he just takes whatever John gives him and never complains, never asks for anything.
Sherlock moans, and he’s so hot like this, still in his suit but with his face reddened and his hair a mess, rutting against John’s foot like a bitch in heat.  And that’s just the beginning, John knows: Sherlock needs orgasm after orgasm when he gets like this, and John’s the one who gets to give them to him.
Part Two of this story, where Sherlock and John learn to navigate their budding relationship, will be posted as a separate work, so be sure to subscribe to me and not just this fic if you don't want to miss updates.
In the end, he brushes his teeth and then cleans himself very, very thoroughly – there is no doubt in his mind about how he would like their third time to go. It’s rather unexpected – his own preparatory attempts at penetration were always more practical than erotic and he never felt any special desire for this particular act, but last night as he held John’s cock in his hand… well, it turns out he does want John inside him, and rather badly. Less because of the physical sensations and more because he
He takes a deep breath to calm down, and, without really thinking, goes to the bathroom to switch of the light that’s been left on. And there, he discovers what is clearly the scene of the crime. The tub his half full of used bathwater with remnants of foam floating on the surface, and a substantial amount has evidently been splashed on the floor and perfunctorily mopped up with a sodden bathmat.
taken anything not sanctioned by the NHS, and that’s all. He doesn’t want to talk about anything of import, (not Mary, not Rosie, not how he’s feeling or what he’s doing with his life), he doesn’t want to join Sherlock on cases and he listens to Sherlock talking about the ones he solved on his own with only half an ear. He’s morose at best angry the rest of the time, and usually comes to Baker Street via a pub, as if he couldn’t bear to look at Sherlock sober.
It’s not true: Sherlock isn’t okay. If he were, he wouldn't be lying in a stranger’s arms, lapping up every bit of kindness thrown his way. But even the meaningless words are soothing when spoken in Florian’s gentle tone of voice and coupled with his fingers carding through Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock lets himself find comfort in it.
“Sherlock,” John says with so much urgency that Sherlock turns his head to look at him as if obeying an invisible force. John’s eyes are intense and fierce. “I promise you – I will
“Can I ask you a question?” Sherlock asks a moment later as he strokes gently through the thick hair on Robert’s chest
to do anything at all when he knows he could be in bed with John instead. (If there weren’t lives at stake, he’d send both Lestrade and the client to hell).
“Yes.” Robert hesitates for a moment, his hand returning to Sherlock’s hair.  “So… you’re really planning to go back to him?”
“Just – touch me, please,” John says in obvious relief, as if he thought Sherlock was just going to let him suffer. “I’m not going to last long.”
But no – that’s not true. He knows it’s not true. He’s not the same man he was a few month ago. The fact that he’s sitting here, examining his feelings from every angle, is proof of that. He still wants John, yes, but now he has conditions – he wants a John who will love him and care for him and let Sherlock love him back, who will never take out his anger on him and use Sherlock as his personal punching bag. He won’t accept John’s love if it comes with a side of abuse, not anymore.
It doesn’t hurt, exactly, but the stretch and discomfort is sudden and significant enough to make Sherlock gasp, even though he meant to stay quiet. John lets out a grunt at the exact same moment, though, so hopefully he doesn’t notice. Logically, Sherlock knows that John can’t be very deep inside him yet, but he already feels so
Then he’s lying on his back with Terry astride his hips, holding Sherlock’s cock steady with one hand as he positions himself and sinks down on it in one long, smooth movement.
Sherlock responds enthusiastically, sucking John’s tongue into his mouth like it’s his life source, stroking everywhere he can reach.
“Dinner?” he offers, aiming for a light, cheerful tone, and is pleased to note he achieves it, more or less.
But that was three weeks ago. Sherlock has had ample time to read up in detail on the various forms sex between two men could take, practice his gag reflex, habituate his anus to having foreign bodies inserted into it, get tested, convince John to give him a blood sample for “an experiment” and have that tested too, purchase five brands of personal lubricant and eleven different condom types, change his bedsheets several times, increase his level of personal hygiene and even consider various pubic hair grooming options. In all this time, John has not only made no move to step things up, but even terminated snogging sessions when things got too heated. It’s begun to worry Sherlock a little, especially considering the fact that before Mary, it wasn’t uncommon for John to have sex with his girlfriend du jour on the first date.
“I’d rather stay like this, if that’s okay,” he says, spreading his legs wider. He knows there are positions that would give him more control, but he doesn’t want control. He needs
“Right,” John says, and then again, “Oh! Right.” as he reaches the wrong conclusion. It’s dark enough and the dressing gown is loose enough for John not to notice that Sherlock is still hard. It’s better this way – the desire to feel John’s hand on him is strong, but he couldn’t bear to let John touch him and know that he must be suppressing disgust. Better let John believe Sherlock came untouched.
He tries to take Ella’s advice to heart and to give himself time to figure out how he feels and what he wants. It feels like
“So you’ve said,” Sherlock says, affecting nonchalance, but John knows that compliments to his looks flatter him almost as much as compliments to his intelligence. And then: “You are, too.”
They stare at him, the excited, slightly leering expressions disappearing off their faces. Sherlock shuffles his feet awkwardly.
the house). He isn’t going to use it, he knows that, but he can’t stop thinking about how easy it would be and that, he has to admit, is a new low. He hasn’t used anything stronger than nicotine and caffeine since that day in Culverton Smith’s hospital, almost three months ago. He put himself through the wringer of withdrawal, made all the worse by the terrible physical condition he was in at the time, and he came out at the other end, weak and exhausted but determined to stay clean. Yet, he didn’t get rid of this last remnant of his secret stash. He’s always found it helpful to know that he had
Florian meets his eyes in the mirror with a flicker of surprise. Sherlock holds his gaze, ridiculously nervous, and sees a faint blush rise in his own cheeks. Florian smiles brilliantly.
“Irene?” John repeats. His voice is strained and he avoids Sherlock’s eyes, but he’s obviously trying to keep himself in check. “She’s back in London, then?” he asks, feigning polite interest and failing miserably. His left hand flexes.
“Is this okay? Can I do this?” John asked as he kept his fingers in a loose fist around Sherlock’s cock, not moving until Sherlock agreed to it.
After the slapping of skin against skin has stopped along with Sherlock’s muffled moans, it’s quiet. There’s only the sound of John’s heavy breathing and the rustle of clothing as he pulls out, tucks himself in. Then words, just a few, Sherlock hears them but can’t interpret them, is unable to match sound to meaning. He wants to stand up, pull up his trousers and put it all behind him, but he’s frozen in place, unable to move, unable to think. It’s only when he realises he’s alone that he gives a full-body shudder and sinks down to his knees, his legs no longer able to support him.
“Just getting you a glass of water,” Sherlock whispers, slipping back under the covers. “I missed you too.” He pulls John closer to him and John’s mouth finds his, kissing him sleepily.
John come within him, twitching and spurting, and it sends new wave of pleasure through him, drawing his climax out as he screams himself hoarse and his cock gushes in John’s hand, again and again and again.
it will be fine – they’ve often had fairly vigorous sex and Robert has never been anything but careful and attentive, he’d never do anything to hurt Sherlock.  Still, he’s scared, and when things get heated and they’re naked and Robert’s huge, erect penis is right there, it’s easier to just not say anything and do something else instead. But he doesn’t think he’ll ever stop being scared – he’s as ready as he’ll ever be. He’ll just have to work through it.
“Yeah, so good, don’t stop! Harder!” Terry moans as he begins impaling himself on Sherlock with even more force and one of his hands flies to his cock. Sherlock does his best to obey but he’s losing his rhythm, his thrusts turning erratic as hot pressure builds deep in his belly. Terry’s cries grow in pitch until suddenly they stop and he freezes in a wordless climax, his muscles squeezing around Sherlock in rhythmic waves and that’s as much as Sherlock can take. He thrusts in one more time and comes, crying out helplessly as his orgasm shudders through him, his cock spurting wetly inside the warm body under him.
He doesn’t tell Dr Schneider about his awakening libido even though he has a nagging feeling it would be somehow relevant. It would be absolutely mortifying to talk about it, for one, and he doesn’t want her to ruin it for him. It feels good, even though he doesn’t know yet what he’s going to do about it. It feels good to think he might be able to overwrite his one terrible experience with other, better ones, if he decides to do so.
, while you’re telling yourself you just want whatever’s best for me, what you really want is for me to do something that hurts you so that you can stoically bear it and feel like you’re evening the scales. Trust me, I know the feeling.”
Sherlock freezes. He can physically feel his erection flagging. In his focus on avoiding anyone who’d only be interested in putting their penis in
“You are,” John says fiercely, intensity blazing in his eyes. “You are, Sherlock, so much. You deserve to be. You deserve – all the love and care in the world and I’ll keep giving it to you for as long as you let me.”
“You really are the best and wisest human being I’ve ever known,” John says softly, with so much sincerity in his voice that Sherlock just can’t bear it anymore. He steps forward and does what he should have done almost seven years ago on a cold January night: he takes John’s head in his hands and kisses him.
“Oh,” John says, obviously at a loss for what to say. Sherlock hates the awkwardness and tension, but they’ll just have to bear it and face reality, otherwise they might as well say goodbye forever. “That’s… good. I’m glad you’ve had someone to help.” He frowns at his knees for a moment and then looks up at Sherlock, earnest and determined. “Sherlock… thank you for being so nice to me, I know I don’t deserve that and I really appreciate it. And if you… if you can give me another chance to be your friend I promise I won’t let it go to waste this time.”
“Shh,” John whispered to him. “It’s okay, I’ve got you.” He kissed Sherlock’s eyelids lightly and pulled him into a loose hug. Carefully, he arranged them into the position they started in, John on his back with Sherlock partly on top of him, and Sherlock felt immediately better simply because this way he was in John’s arms and he could hear and feel John’s heartbeat.
He hesitated several seconds further, he wondered how he should exit the bathroom. Naked? Underwear? Towel around the hips? Surely it would be a waste of time to get dressed. In the end, he opted for the clean pair of pants he’d laid out and his favourite blue dressing gown. Probably more modest than necessary, but there was nothing for it: he was, quite literally, a blushing virgin, and there was no need to make himself feel exposed for longer than he had to
“It can wait,” he repeats. Besides, he’s fairly sure it’s just Irene’s reply. He changed her ring tone after the fiasco in January, but he feels no inclination to read her text in front of John.
“So pretty,” John whispers, pleased by the shiver that runs through Sherlock when John’s breath hits his heated skin. Inspired, John breathes a hot puff of breath directly against Sherlock’s entrance, and he’s rewarded by a desperate sound that tears itself from Sherlock’s throat.
“Not submissive,” Sherlock clarifies, but not before John’s mind has had time to flash an image of Sherlock slapping a faceless man’s back with a riding crop. “Darian specialises in… gentleness.”
They start texting more or less regularly after that. It’s nothing of import, mostly about Rosie, always with John initiating and always painfully polite, but it’s something. Baby steps. Sherlock continues to spend time with Rosie, a few hours here and there, mostly with Molly and sometimes with Mrs Hudson, and he loves every minute of it. He never imagined he’d be any good with children and he certainly never wanted any of his own, but he likes spending time with Rosie. Perhaps it’s just because she’s John daughter, but Sherlock has known ever since the day she was born that he would do anything for her.
John shakes his head. “No, you – you didn’t do anything wrong. That was, uh, good. Thank you.” He stands up, pulls Sherlock to his feet and wraps his arms around him. Sherlock immediately rests his cheek on the top of John’s head – he’ll never get tired of how good this feels.
“Now, John, please,” he begs, and John complies. He reaches for a condom – Sherlock can barely breathe as he watches him roll it on – and then John locks eyes with him in a silent, final request for confirmation. Sherlock nods, and there’s gentle but insistent pressure at the entrance to his body and John pushes in. Sherlock can only gasp as his body accepts,
“Good,” John says with a small smile. “Thank you.” He touches Sherlock’s face tenderly, as if the day’s worth of facial hair isn’t the slightest problem. Sherlock wants to kiss him.
Sherlock hesitated.  “I—I don’t know,” he said, feeling stupid. “Anything. I haven’t exactly had the opportunity to form preferences.”
To make matters worse, there haven’t even been that many cases to give Sherlock something else to focus on. At first, he was effectively on house arrest imposed by his well-meaning friends, and too weak to run around the city anyway. But even as his strength returned, his enthusiasm for the work… hasn’t. It’s probably only due to the fact that there doesn’t seem to be anything interesting going on in the world and nobody has contacted him with anything more than a four for ages. It just doesn’t seem worth the trouble – not when there’s no chance of having John by his side. A part of Sherlock wants to tell John to stop bothering to come if it’s just a chore to him, but the rest of him covets every second he can spend in John’s company, whatever the circumstances.
Sherlock turned the words around in his mind, trying to pinpoint what they meant, what they meant to John. As Sherlock had already established, John wanted to fuck him, but also take care of him, and Sherlock hadn’t really let him do that, had he? And—did one of them have to make love to the other, or could it be mutual? Because that was exactly what Sherlock wanted to do, he realised with a sudden blinding clarity, that was exactly the right term for it: he wanted to make love to John. Not by fucking him (not unless John decided he wanted that, and that didn’t seem likely at the moment) but by using his body to give John pleasure, in any way that John liked.
“Hey,” John says softly, lifting Sherlock’s chin. “It’s fine. Whatever it is that you like, it’s fine. I’ve tried all kinds of things, it’s unlikely that you can shock me. Just tell me.”
It’s the second time they’ve held hands – if you count the time years ago when they were handcuffed together, and Sherlock does, of course he does. But it’s the first time it’s like this, with their fingers laced together, John’s thumb moving soothingly over Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock never wants to let go.
And then his hand dipped lower, brushing the dark curls and then landing on Sherlock’s length lightly, wrapping around it.
“I thought you must’ve fallen asleep in there,” he remarked lightly, looked up and stilled suddenly, as if in surprise. Sherlock didn’t think he looked any different than usual, but something about his features had clearly caught John’s attention.
He felt like he was gaping open when he left the bathroom, naked and slick with lube, to join John in the bedroom. John had drawn the curtains, making the room pleasantly dim, which Sherlock was incredibly thankful for. He was sitting on the bed in just his boxers and his erection didn’t seem to have flagged at all as he’d waited – had thinking about what Sherlock was doing really been turning him on so much? Sherlock felt himself flush.
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed, finally looking up at John, grateful that John had found such a neat way to phrase it.
That can’t happen. He can never hurt Sherlock again, not ever, not under any circumstances, but especially not in a context that’s meant to be loving.
“You’re allowed to ask questions, you know, if you want,” Sherlock says mildly, because it’s evident John is swallowing every question his shocked brain sends to his tongue.
And the revelation of John’s bisexuality… the feelings it has produced are so different from what he thinks they would have been if he’d found about it Before. Before, he probably would have allowed himself a little hope that perhaps he might have a slim chance. Now, it makes him almost nauseous. He has sympathy for John, he does, he can imagine how hard it must have been for him to live his life without being true to who he was. But the truth is that this is what led John to doing what he did to him, and it
Sherlock’s entire body stilled. John still wanted to be with him? Breath left Sherlock’s lungs in a rush of relief, immediately followed by a wave of near panic because there was no point, Sherlock would just fail one more time and it would be all the more crushing.
“I may be a virgin, John, but I know how it works,” Sherlock interrupted him, because if he had to listen to John describe what he was going to do to him, he would probably go crazy.
Afterwards, he washes the evidence down the sink, tucks himself in, washes his hands and face, and drains the bathtub and mops the floor to give himself something to do, to stop himself from crumbling on the floor like the piece of shit that he is.
Sherlock blinks. Out of all the things John could have said, Sherlock really didn’t expect this. “Hurt me?” he repeats stupidly.
her knowing, and he’s certainly not going to share any details, but at the same time, it’s a weight off his shoulders that there’s one person with whom he doesn’t have to pretend and obfuscate the reasons for his distance from John, and her support warms him unexpectedly.
“This feels perfect, love, but I don’t want to come like this,” he said breathlessly, and Sherlock let go of him as if burnt. As he remembered that John’s cock was not supposed to fit in his hand but somewhere else entirely, the calm he’d felt dissipated, and he glanced towards his bedside table where the array of lubes and condoms was displayed. John followed his gaze.
Sherlock can barely breathe. He feels frozen to the spot but thawing at the same time, warmth spreading throughout his body. It’s a struggle to speak, still, but for a different reason now.
Sherlock sits at the kitchen table and thinks about the small plastic sachet of crystalline white powder that he keeps carefully taped to the underside of the outside sill of his bedroom window (very convenient hiding place: none of his “minders” would ever think to check there, and as an added benefit, it means he isn’t actually lying when he says there are no drugs
Sherlock hums in response and begins rocking his hips gently. He was soft when he first sank down, but with every slow circle of his hips he’s getting harder, and despite how close to orgasm John feels, he immediately decides he
He was so nervous he didn’t get half as hard as he usually would have, but that was a good thing: the less aroused he was, the less likely it was he would get overstimulated. And John didn’t seem to have the same problem, which was all that mattered.
He starts looking at men in new ways, admiring the breadth of their shoulders, the line of their jaw, the curve of their buttocks. One day while he’s boxing in the gym he catches himself looking at the only other man currently present, a muscular Zurich banker with a gambling problem lifting weights a few meters from him, and he realises he’s getting aroused. He runs back to his room in a panic and once there, without actively deciding to do it, he locks himself in the bathroom (a wholly unnecessary precaution, since he doesn’t share the room with anyone), pushes down his shorts and begins touching himself. He strokes himself furiously, thinking of the banker’s sweaty back, his flexing muscles, his soft grunts of exertion. For the first time in his life he masturbates while consciously thinking of another person and his resulting orgasm is explosive, shaking him to the core as he comes all over himself.
, he fits perfectly in the negative space of Sherlock’s body, two puzzle pieces that have been apart for far too long. They stay like that for long moments, just holding each other, breathing together. It feels good. It feels safe.
. We’ll have to talk about this but I need you to know that even if we never have sex I’ll still love you and want to be with you. Just tell me honestly what’s going on and we’ll figure it out. Can you do that?”
second time they shared last night. On the other hand… it’s still rather early and Sherlock doesn’t feel hungry at all – not for food, anyway. When he joins John back in bed again, he would much rather if there weren’t any trays or hot liquids in the way.
“Will you go get ready, then?” he breathed against Sherlock’s lips. “If you’re still sure you’d rather do it yourself.”
Nothing happens that day, or the next. John goes to the surgery and Sherlock dissects a venomous frog and in the evening they watch telly and everything is absolutely normal. But then, on the third day, John comes home from the morning shift with his shoulders tense and brow furrowed, he puts sugar in his tea, and the amount of swear words in his casual speech increases by 5 – 10 %. Sherlock knows those signs: they mean that that evening, John will use up all the hot water by first having an overly long bath and then masturbating in the shower.
“There is a difference between valuing someone’s happiness above your own, and disregarding your own completely,” Dr Schneider tells him. “The fact that you love someone doesn’t mean your own life and well-being become meaningless in comparison.”
He made an elementary mistake – theorised before he had data. Worse than that, even – he just assumed, and ignored everything that contradicted his assumption. He believed, to the core of his being, that John could never feel anything beyond friendship for him and so he missed everything that indicated otherwise. He saw, but didn’t observe. He should be ashamed of himself.
Sherlock lets his shoulders slump as some of the tension leaves his body. John isn’t angry. Things will probably be awkward between them for some time, but then they’ll be all right, won’t they? Sherlock could never forgive himself otherwise.
“On your knees,” Sherlock says shakily, and as John shifts his position, Sherlock lubes himself up clumsily, his hands shaking with anticipation.
John or anyone else for their overbearing involvement in his life, he could have got clean on his own without their “help” that mostly amounts to nothing but an excessive invasion of privacy. He wants to tell John that his words sound rather self-righteous coming from someone whose drinking is evidently getting out of hand. But he doesn’t. One misstep and John will walk out of the flat and never come back, not even on forced visits motivated largely by guilt. He’ll take the criticism and degradation if it delays the moment when John inevitably leaves for good. He’ll even take another beating, if he has to. It’s not like he deserves anything better, anyway. He feels his cheeks heat and he doesn’t know if it’s anger or embarrassment.
He relaxes more fully against the pillows. He’ll have to get up soon and go home to Jack, but there’s still time to enjoy the afterglow and the company. “You know, I might take you up on that offer.”
“Good,” John said. He cupped Sherlock’s cheek, stroking the soft skin under Sherlock’s eye. “Is there anything else I need to know?”
Having decided on a course of action, he felt much better. In the morning, he explained to John that the day before things had been a bit too drawn out for him as he was used to getting off quickly, that he needed less stimulation to avoid getting overwhelmed and that it would help him if he could prepare himself. John seemed a bit puzzled by his requests, but he agreed readily and was mostly intent on making sure Sherlock was certain he didn’t want to wait before trying again.
He isn’t sure if that’s what John wants – maybe he has no intention of continuing things. But if he does, then Sherlock needs to be ready.  He spends some time doing research on his laptop, and then sets out to buy the necessary supplies.
Once the door falls shut behind them and they drop their backpacks on the floor, it’s really not that difficult. They come together easily, drawn into each other’s arms by an ancient, irresistible pull, kissing and stroking. Sherlock forgets everything else and lets himself be driven entirely by the need to touch and be touched, relinquishing control to his transport.
They kiss sleepily for a while – a really very short while if you ask John’s spent body – but soon Sherlock is rocking against him again, rubbing his rapidly stiffening cock against John’s thigh.
John scoots up next to him, kissing his damp brow and pushing him to his side so that he can press himself close to Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock shrugs. The truth is that  he’s now less certain than ever if there’s anything between him and John at all.
John doesn’t give him a good-night kiss that night, which is of course entirely deserved. Sherlock stays in the same position for hours, come drying on his skin into a shameful crust.
” Terry shouts, making it clear to Sherlock that he’s been successful, and that knowledge narrows his focus down further, intent on pleasuring Terry to the best of his ability. “Oooh, fuck, hnnng! Right there, right there, keep going! Fffffuuuuuuck, oh fuck, more!”
John breathes heavily, and Sherlock… does nothing. He just is, there in the kitchen, looking at John but not really seeing him.
John pressed two fingers inside him, not teasing, just checking he was adequately stretched and adding more lube. Sherlock bit his lip to stifle a whimper. He was ready for John, wet and spread wide open, ready to be taken. He just needed it over.
? A sharp feeling rises in his chest, and he clenches his fists against it before he remembers what Sherlock said before.
He has no idea what to do with the knowledge that apparently John didn’t love Mary as much as Sherlock thought he did. Sherlock liked Mary, truly, and considered her his friend in her own right (even though, in hindsight, he thinks that a friend probably shouldn’t have shot him in the chest), but he’s well aware that most of his appreciation came from the fact that he believed that she made John happy, that she was what John wanted. And now it turns out that none of that was true.
He tries to be kinder to people, too. He’s more careful about what effect his deductions would have on people and keeps them to himself when they’d only cause pain. He helps Maggie come up with new ways to attract more customers to her shop, helps her friend’s grandson with his chemistry paper (he doesn’t think his patience has ever been tested more). He offers to walk the dog of an elderly couple who can no longer keep up with it (okay – that one is pretty self-serving, he adores the dog). He tries to stop hiding his softer side.
” Sherlock wailed into the crook of John’s neck, moving without conscious thought now, his cock pushing erratically against John’s thigh. He felt ready to burst, utterly desperate to come, the pleasure was nearing its peak and he needed just a little more, just a little more,
, he can spend his day wearing whatever he chooses and eating or not eating according to his whim. He never
.” John’s thrusts turn faster, Sherlock grinds down harder, and then John groans and stills, his release spilling inside Sherlock.
John’s face goes soft. “Of course,” he says, a little incredulous. “Anytime. Molly has her on Tuesday afternoon, you could join them, if you want? I think they were planning to go to the zoo.”
Surely that wasn’t wrong, he bristles when Dr Schneider first makes him put it into words, to care more about John’s happiness than his own. People always criticised him for being selfish, and now he’s
before they have any time for each other. And while Sherlock didn’t mind the waiting before, it is now absolute
He fidgeted a little as he waited, trying not worry needlessly. It would be all right. John would guide him. He could trust John.
The way he says his makes it sound like nothing matters, and John feels awful, awful that Sherlock is so
“All right,” Sherlock says. They smile at each other tentatively again. It should be hateful, this sort of cautious, reserved interaction, but instead Sherlock is just relieved,
He isn’t even sure anymore if that’s what John is to him. His feelings are so muddled now, he’s angry and hurt and betrayed but he doesn’t really love John any less; the only thing he’s certain about is that he’s not ready to see him right now. The idea of completely cutting John out of his life is unthinkable, but he’s not at all sure he would be able to stand up to him if John hit him again. He’s painfully homesick, but he can’t go home until he’s certain what to do about John. His sobriety is tangled up with his relationship to John, his happiness depends on John’s, his work holds no appeal anymore if he can’t share it with John. He has to extricate himself somehow from this all-encompassing web of
being happy, back before the fall, when he and John lived together and solved cases and chased criminals and ate takeaway and laughed and there was never an ounce of cruelty in John’s eyes when he looked him, but that’s in the past, ruined forever, and he can’t
“What else would you want?” John asked quietly, his fingers stroking through Sherlock’s hair. “And I mean for yourself now. What would make you comfortable, what would you enjoy?”
“Stop apologising, it’s fine,” Sherlock tells them. He needed the persona of Scott to protect himself in the beginning, but he doesn’t need it any more. “It’s me who should apologise, really, I should’ve been honest with you.”
No, no. Don’t think about that. Don’t think about John. He’s with Terry now. Terry, who’s obviously loving this, bouncing on Sherlock’s cock with his head thrown back, his chest flushed and his hard, swollen cock leaking pearly fluid, wholly unashamed in his pleasure.
He doesn’t know what to say, but Terry doesn’t particularly seem to want to talk, so that’s all right. They smoke in silence, tapping off ash into a chipped cup, and it’s not a cuddle but it’s not bad. Their upper arms touch as they sit next to each other, Sherlock feels pleasantly tired and Terry seems relaxed and satisfied next to him, which is a nice confidence boost.
John stands up carefully, stretching his back, then turns, and sees Sherlock in the kitchen.  Sherlock looks at the table. He’d meant to watch John, try to gauge his reaction, but he can’t, he just can’t.
The afternoon is perfect. Rosie doesn’t remember him, naturally, and she’s a bit shy at first, but she gets over it quickly. She seems like a happy, well-adjusted child and not at all affected by anything that happened around her in the first months of her life, and Sherlock is grateful for that. She looks a lot like John.
“You’re so gorgeous,” John whispered to him as he stroked Sherlock hip and belly soothingly. “Just tell me how you like it.”
It was an utterly humiliating sound, but John didn’t seem to think so. He groaned and pulled Sherlock’s head down so that he could kiss his mouth, hot and wet and insistent, and Sherlock tangled his fingers in John’s hair and kissed back with all his might – at least this way he couldn’t make such ridiculous noises.
“I know. I hope he is. The John Watson I fell in love with would be.” He sighs. “I just want to try and fix it,” he says, and suddenly he feels it so strongly he nearly gasps. He needs to try. He can’t do it alone, if John doesn’t meet him halfway then all is lost, but Sherlock will be damned if he goes without a fight. “We have a lot to talk about. We never really did that, not about anything that mattered.”
He stretches himself as efficiently as he can manage, using copious amounts of lube. By the time he thinks he’s sufficiently loose, he’s broken out in a sweat, and he berates himself for not having bought a women’s antiperspirant. There’s nothing he can do about that now, so he just washes his hands, throws a dressing gown over his shoulders, and exits the bathroom through the door to the hallway.
“That’s not a particularly wise thing to say to a complete stranger you’ve brought to your home,” Sherlock points out as Terry pulls him to his bedroom, kicking the door shut behind them.
“You love me,” John repeats in a disturbingly calm, steely tone of voice, and his lips turn into a lethal smile that makes Sherlock’s blood run cold. “You
“Sherlock?” John asks in confusion when Sherlock freezes in his arms, and then, probably thanks to the no doubt beetroot red shade of Sherlock’s face, he catches on. “Did you just—?”
They stay close together as the last tendrils of climax ebb away, and then John reaches for something that Sherlock’s oxytocin-addled brain doesn’t immediately recognise as John’s pants, and he wipes at their stomachs, where the evidence of their release has become one and the same.
Sherlock buys him a drink. They talk a bit, dance a bit, and the alcohol and endorphins from the dancing strip away Sherlock’s nerves and before he knows it they’re kissing and grinding against each other, the other man’s fingers tangling in Sherlock’s short hair, Sherlock’s hands on his buttocks, and it’s a bit overwhelming in how quickly it happened but it’s also exactly what Sherlock wanted. No useless dilly-dallying, but straight to the point.
Heat rises in Sherlock’s cheeks. He can imagine few things more embarrassing than John cleaning up after Sherlock’s sexual encounter with another man, after Sherlock told him he was in love with him. (If that term can even be reasonably applied to what was essentially an assisted wank. For a lot of people it would probably not even count as sex. Sherlock will count it, though, seeing as he’s unlikely to ever do anything that would meet the criteria better. And it was, all things considered, probably the best orgasm of his life – his self-inflicted ones are hardly any competition, since he never really takes time with himself.) Well. He’ll just have to grit his teeth and bear it, like all the rest of it.
Sherlock takes a sip of his tea, not really listening to what Maggie, the sixty-something owner of the only grocery store/post office/coffee shop in the village, is telling him. Abby is a labrador Sherlock got to know at the nearby animal rescue centre where both he and Maggie volunteer, who just found a new home despite being old and blind in one eye. And Sherlock is happy for her too, she’s the sweetest, friendliest dog he’s ever met and deserves to spend her last years in a loving home, but he has other things on his mind right now.
“Good night,” Sherlock says after him quietly. He shifts into the space John has just vacated, and curls in on himself, alone.
Sherlock repeats pleadingly, and John takes pity on him – and on himself. He spreads Sherlock’s cheeks with his hands, finally revealing his prize: Sherlock’s tight pink hole, clean and inviting.
“I’m glad,” Sherlock says, and once again he’s surprised how true it is. Maybe he can admit to himself now, after everything that’s happened, that he likes to see people happy – perhaps all the more because he himself isn’t. “I’m sure you’ll be disgustingly saccharine together, but you deserve to be happy. You both do.”
“Irene thinks that you were in love with me,” Sherlock says, the words leaving him in a rush, sounding completely implausible, yet full of hope. “Back then. I want to know if she’s right. The truth, John.”
John isn’t going to last very long, not with the noises Sherlock’s making, but he doesn’t have to. Sherlock lets out a series of escalating moans that can only mean one thing, and the knowledge that he’s about to give Sherlock his second orgasm in such a short time would be enough to push John over the edge even if he hadn’t been holding himself off for ages. The pleasure that has been pooling at the bottom of his stomach brims and spills, knocking the wind out of him with its intensity.
John stops at the door, hesitating. He turns and looks back at Sherlock, still sitting motionless at the kitchen table.
“There’s nothing I’m more ashamed of than the I treated you after you came back. I was angry with you because it was easier than being angry with myself and I blamed you for things that were my fault.”
Sherlock freezes. The world around him seems to fall away, the ambient noises blending into a monotonous hum. John is looking at him intently and Sherlock’s heart doubles its pace even though his brain cannot understand what John means.
John takes Sherlock apart mercilessly: he hollows his cheeks and sucks hard while moving his fingers in and out of Sherlock and a relentless pace, and Sherlock’s incoherent, moaning and panting, writhing in helpless pleasure. John crooks his fingers, knowing exactly where to aim for, and rubs at Sherlock’s prostate.
“So you’re not… I haven’t accidentally been leading you on?” Sherlock asks, ashamed that he never thought of this until today. He’d deduced when he first met Robert that he was solitary by nature and wasn’t looking for a permanent partner, but he gets things wrong sometimes, and he should have been more careful when the thing at stake was someone’s heart. It’s hard to imagine someone could fall in love with him, but he shouldn’t risk it anyway, no matter how improbable it is.
They take a funicular that takes them about two thirds up to the falls to breath-taking views of rushing water as well as the valley and the mountain range on the opposite side, and then they hike higher through the forest where fresh green leaves have barely sprouted. Florian chatters throughout, the sort of constant stream of words that Sherlock usually despises, but he doesn’t really mind today. He’s glad he doesn’t have to contribute much to the conversation – it’s never been his forte, and even less now when he barely knows who he is. He enjoys Florian’s easy smiles, his occasional touches – a hand on Sherlock’s back or elbow as they cross over treacherous terrain, unnecessary but so welcome.
Dr Schneider is not as disapproving as Sherlock expected her to be when he finally admits it to her, but she warns him that he’s “emotionally vulnerable” and that she wouldn’t recommend starting a new relationship so early in his sobriety. In this case, though, Sherlock doesn’t care at all what she thinks or believes. It makes him feel
Sherlock lifts his head at that, turning his face towards John, seeking his lips. John kisses him hungrily, plunging his tongue deep into Sherlock’s mouth, swallowing the little sounds Sherlock makes. Sherlock kisses back like a man possessed, his left arm twisted back at an awkward angle as buries his fingers in John’s hair, trying to bring his head impossibly closer. John could go on kissing him for years if he didn’t have a more exotic destination in store for his mouth.
And why did John do it? Sherlock can’t fathom his reasoning or motivations at all. Anger and violent behaviour are well in line with John’s MO, but this? John often does things he regrets afterwards, but this is bound to leave behind not just remorse for hurting a friend but also disgust for engaging in a sexual act with a man. Why would he do something so out of character just to punish Sherlock? Will he be able to even just look at Sherlock after this?
Sherlock doesn’t know how it happens. One moment he’s trying to help John get up from his chair and get him to bed, and the next they’re kissing. Their mouths mash together clumsily, and Sherlock’s mind goes entirely blank. John tastes of whiskey and beer but also of John,
John kisses him thoroughly, moving with a little more purpose now but still careful not to cross the line between pleasure and pain. He needn’t have worried, though: soon, Sherlock’s heels dig into his thighs, urging him on.
Sherlock tends to stay quiet in those situations - it’s bad enough that even complete strangers can see what he wants, he doesn’t need to make it any worse for himself. As they walk along the paths in Regent’s Park, he looks at the people they pass and wonders how many of them think that, how many of them think that and don’t care, how many are disgusted, how many think Sherlock, John and Rosie make a nice little family.
“So… who is it?” Sam asks, and before Sherlock can even begin to answer, Patrick blurts out, “Is it Dr Watson?” before clamping his hand over his mouth.
“Why didn’t you just hit me?” he asks, and he realises suddenly that he’s fighting back tears. He cannot bear to look at John. “Why did you have to… why not just hit me?”
“Did he hurt you?” he asks carefully. The low simmer of anger that bubbles up at the thought is almost welcome, clear and simple among the confusion of the rest of his emotions.
John notices the extra tube of lubricant Sherlock had placed on the bedside table in case his preparations in the bathroom weren’t enough, and uses it to slick himself, and then he’s stroking Sherlock’s sides soothingly and positioning himself between Sherlock’s legs and Sherlock can feel the blunt tip of John’s cock against his entrance and he must relax and
“It’s not that I don’t want you, I promise. You’re gorgeous and I’m… incredibly attracted to you,” John says sincerely, and Sherlock feels himself blush. He doesn’t know if he’ll ever get used to this kind of flattery. “But I’m just… so afraid I’ll hurt you.”
An intense wave of love for John washed over Sherlock and he pressed closer, slotting his thigh between John’s legs, and the way John moaned into his mouth at the sensation sent a wonderful thrill through him.
Slowly, they undress each other, never moving further away from each other than absolutely necessary, barely breaking the kiss. John’s hands roam over Sherlock’s body, his broad shoulders, his narrow hips, the flat panes of his chest, and a flush of arousal colours his cheeks, miraculous. Sherlock lets himself touch John in ways he never dared to before, with reverent affection, and John sighs his name in reply. It’s so very different from anything Sherlock has known before.
“There’s a first time for everything,” he says, feeling his cheeks heat – he just had a vaguely sex-related thought it front of a friend, and that’s such a novel thing he isn’t quite sure how to deal with it.
“And I… I’m… I hate not really knowing what to do,” he admitted, looking at his and John’s entwined fingers. “I’m worried I won’t be… good enough.” He felt so childish in his need for reassurance, but it was the truth, and he owed John that.
Sherlock stands up abruptly to put some distance between himself and John, even as every single nerve in his body seems to be screaming at him not to, to stay put when what he’s wanted for so long is finally on offer. It’s one of the hardest things he’s ever done – it feels like his entire chest is constricting in an attempt to prevent his heart from shattering along the deeply engraved cracks. Tea sloshes out of the mug as he places it on the table – his hands are shaking.
He’s lying in bed with his head on Robert’s broad chest, heavy with the kind of sated exhaustion he’s come to associate with a particularly good shag. He’d definitely going to feel his thighs tomorrow after the workout they got as he rode Robert hard and fast, his body sinking down on Robert’s length with practiced ease now. Robert’s playing idly with his hair, which Sherlock loves, and he’s happy to just lie there for now, lulled by endorphins and lassitude. It takes him an embarrassingly long time to realise that something’s not quite right: Robert should have long nodded off by now, especially after such a vigorous performance. Sherlock looks at him and finds him staring into the middle distance, a frown creasing his brow.
“It’s okay, I get it,” John said, correctly interpreting Sherlock’s hesitation. “I’ll be thinking about it, though,” he added with a cheeky grin as he sat up to let Sherlock get on the sofa. The idea made Sherlock flustered, and he kissed John to hide it, slipping his hand inside his open trousers to give his cock a quick, firm rub.
Despite his generally self-effacing demeanour, Robert has turned out to be confident in bed, and rightly so. He’s a skilled and generous lover, patient with Sherlock’s inexperience and happy to indulge his curiosity. His post-sex hugs are amazing, even if he tends to fall asleep during them. As Sherlock predicted, he finds having a stable partner much more satisfying. He gets more comfortable and confident with each encounter and he finds great satisfaction in learning Robert’s body and being able to give him pleasure. He feels quite secure now about his skills in manual and oral stimulation, and he’s managed overcome his hesitance about topping too. It helps that Robert is big and strong – it seems less likely that Sherlock could hurt him, and gradually he learns to relax and enjoy the moment without any bad memories getting in the way.
When John’s breathing and heartrate have gone down a little, he reaches for the wet flannel and cleans off the worst of the drying come, lube and sweat. There’s not much point to it, really, since they’re bound to get filthy again in no time, but he likes to make sure Sherlock is taken care of in every way.
for. I love kissing you, you’re so good at it.” Sherlock’s skin tingles with the praise, and a helpless whimper escapes him when John’s hand moves to rub Sherlock’s left nipple.
“Sherlock,” he says, gently but firmly. “I love you just as you are, you know that. I love you when you just want to cuddle and I love you when you want to fuck like rabbits, and neither of it is a hardship to me. I don’t want you to change.”
, in fact, live without John and that it doesn’t have to be bad life, and that’s as good as it will ever get.
could see him as anything more than someone who’s sexual desires happen to mesh well with theirs, someone to get off with when they want a bit of variety.
That evening as he’s getting ready for bed, he receives a text from John, the first in many, many months.
, fuck!” John’s hips thrust up in reaction and his hand tightens in Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock stills, letting him thrust into his mouth. It’s lucky that Sherlock had trained himself to control his gag reflex years ago, Sherlock thinks distantly as John fucks his mouth with rising speed, letting out a broken stream of curses. It doesn’t take very long at all before John’s movement lose rhythm, and then he thrusts in hard and deep and stills.
Robert pulls out of him carefully, still rock hard. Of course he is – holding himself up on his forearms while barely moving couldn’t have been doing much for him, no matter how intense it felt to Sherlock. He disposes of the condom and ignores his erection in favour of checking on Sherlock, wiping beads of sweat from his forehead.
“Trouble is you develop a sort of Pavlovian reaction to random city names,” Sam says. “Pretty inconvenient when planning business trips.”
, find his own footing, and only then can he go home and maybe find a way to repair their friendship, if it’s repairable… or end it for good if it’s not.
Sherlock supposes there can’t be much difference between fellatio performed by a man and by a woman. He only needs to avoid giving John a stubble rash, he thinks as he frees John from his pants and touches him cautiously.
John watches him silently for a while, marvelling at how quickly Sherlock has gone from prim and composed to flushed and wanton. His lips are parted and simply begging to be kissed, releasing soft sighs and hums of pleasure that grow steadily more intense.
John fumbles a little with his belt as Sherlock’s heated gaze sweeps over him hungrily, unabashed in his appreciation of John’s body. Lust courses through John’s veins with renewed force.
Florian tears the sachet open with his teeth and squirts lube on his fingers. He takes them both in his hand then it’s all just delicious slick friction, and Sherlock moans into Florian’s mouth as they kiss messily and heat pools in his stomach. It takes an embarrassingly short time before he’s coming with a strangled cry, clinging to Florian’s shoulders.
He believes him, and the feeling is so disarming he has to pull John closer again, hide his face in his shoulder.
Sherlock feels slightly disoriented when he pulls out and Terry collapses on the mattress with a satisfied sigh. He breathes deeply, trying to regain his composure, before he gets up on unsteady legs to dispose of the condom.
“John… thank you, but you don’t have to do that. I don’t need a reward for… it’s not a chore for me to spend time with Rosie, I like doing it.”
He does roll off the top of Sherlock but doesn’t leave the bed, only rummages in the bedside table to find the wet wipes Sherlock has bought precisely for that purpose.  John cleans Sherlock gently, but even those light touches feel incredibly good to Sherlock, like his skin has become hypersensitised, his nerve endings attuned precisely to John’s touch. He can already feel the first stirrings of new arousal deep within him.
“I intend to go back. There’s no ‘to him’. He’s not waiting for me. But I have my life, and it’s worth living even if he’s not in it.” It’s what he’s been trying so hard to convince himself of all this time, and he hopes that he finally believes it.
“It’s all right, love, I’m here.” He slides back under the covers, pulling Sherlock close. Sherlock latches onto him, letting out a dry sob. “I’m so sorry, darling, I’m back now and won’t leave again, I promise. Here, I brought you some water. You’ll drink a bit, won’t you?”
should be doing that, shouldn’t he? Not just lie there like a useless lump. He should have devised some sort of foreplay, instead wasting time on his stupid worries.
Sherlock wakes in pale early morning light with John’s arm thrown around his waist, John’s breath tickling his neck. His bladder is full, his throat parched and he’s a little too warm, but he doesn’t do anything about it for long moments, relishing the fact that he’s in bed with John Watson, waking up after a night of passion. Just a few weeks ago, this would have been a painful fantasy, and now it’s true. This is his life now.
that they can manage that now. Baby steps. “How’s the therapy going?” he asks, hoping that he isn’t overstepping a line.
On the other hand, for how long is it actually possible to maintain a one-sided attachment? Wouldn’t the lack of reciprocation eventually wear it down? And maybe then Sherlock would be able to begin a relationship with someone else, someone better suited to give him what he needs…
“No, no, love.” John reaches for him, lifting Sherlock’s head gently and looking into his eyes. “I am
“Hey,” Terry says softly, making Sherlock look away from his arse and to his face. His eyes are almost black with arousal but soft at the same time. “It’s okay. You’re doing great. Making me feel so good. Just relax.”
Back in the day, John would ditch therapy in favour of a case in a heartbeat. It means so much that now he takes it seriously enough not to do that.
“I forgive you,” Sherlock says quietly, and as the words leave his mouth he realises they have been true for a long time now, probably since the moment he saw John limp out of his sister’s girlfriend’s house.
“Thank you. I try,” Sherlock murmurs, feeling the subtle flush that can only be caused by John’s praise creep up his neck. He didn’t know he could still feel that. He tries to come up with something more to say. “It’s amazing how quickly she’s learning. I’m sorry I missed so much of her progress.”
Some indeterminable amount of time later, Mrs Hudson comes up. She finds him still sitting there, not having moved a muscle, and for once she doesn’t say anything, doesn’t ask questions, just pulls his head to her chest and holds him.
“Can you try to wrap one leg around my back?” John asks him when the need to breathe forces them to stop kissing. Sherlock does as instructed, changing the angle of penetration, and when John moves again, hot, molten pleasure explodes deep within Sherlock’s core.
John straddles Sherlock’s thighs, gently guiding Sherlock’s head to look up at him. He brings their mouths together, and change in height difference makes everything somehow rawer, and all of Sherlock’s senses are high-jacked by
Sherlock is asleep within minutes, puffing hot breath on John’s chest. John knows he should do something to clean them up a bit, but he really doesn’t want to move, and he figures that at this point it really doesn’t matter that they’re covered in dried sweat and come. He presses a kiss to the top of Sherlock’s head and finally lets himself relax and drift off, too.
exception of you has managed to notice that I. Am. Gay. I have no idea why you’re so fixated on Irene Adler but I can give you her number if you think that might help.”
It’s less than ten minutes before he hears John’s hesitant steps, and then John’s standing in the doorway, looking at Sherlock with an intensity that makes it hard to breathe.
“He’s not,” Sherlock defends John immediately, but then feels forced to amend. “He didn’t use to be. He’s been through so much. I hurt him a lot, too.”
get overwhelming, so… not too much?” It was incredibly vague, but he didn’t know how to phrase it more specifically. “I think I’d like to be the one doing most of the touching… for now.”
He cups Sherlock’s cheek and leans in to kiss him, softly. It’s unlike every kiss they’ve ever shared, and something shatters inside Sherlock.
It’s hard to believe John ever worried he could hurt Sherlock in this context. Sherlock has never imagined what sex with John might be like in too much detail – before they got together, it would have been akin to masochism – but the blurry images that nevertheless slipped into his mind were always almost sappily romantic – Sherlock in John’s arms, being held close, words of love whispered into his ear. The real thing, however, is even better. John touches him like Sherlock is precious, and Sherlock’s skin tingles under every caress as John undresses him. There’s love in John’s every touch, every kiss, every word breathed against Sherlock’s skin – Sherlock can hardly breathe with the intensity of the emotion it arouses in him.
yeah, like that,” John grunts, as Sherlock fills him even deeper than before. “Don’t hold yourself back.”
John laughs, but then seems to hesitate and sits up straighter. He looks at Sherlock with unexpected seriousness.
, he forced himself to think the words—Sherlock wasn’t going to ruin it for John by his misgivings or off-putting noises or by coming far too early in the proceedings in a totally inappropriate manner.
John smiled at him. “I’m sure you do. But I need you to know that I’ll be careful. If you need to stop or go slower or anything at all, tell me and we’ll do just that, okay?”
“Is someone home?” Sherlock whispers against Terry’s lips. He’s not particularly interested in someone walking in on them – these are uncharted waters as it is. Terry shakes his head.
Sherlock shrugs, feigning nonchalance, and begins gathering up his sheet music. He doesn’t look at John. “Friends with benefits. Whatever you want to call it.”
—keep doing that.” Sherlock has no intention of disobeying – he fondles John’s sac gently, then presses two fingers behind it, against John’s perineum.
None of the things he’s done for John ever felt like a sacrifice. Faking his death and spending two years alone without a moment of peace, hunting and hunted, didn’t feel like a sacrifice. Planning John’s wedding even though it shattered his heart to pieces didn’t feel like a sacrifice, and nor did committing murder and willingly going to his death for it, or ruining his health and nearly letting himself be murdered. They were not sacrifices, they were simply things that needed to be done to ensure the only desirable outcome: John’s continued safety and happiness.
“Where’s Rosie?” he asks, trying to establish a safe topic as soon as possible, to act like everything's normal.
“What about you, love?” John asked, nibbling lazily at Sherlock’s earlobe. “What can I do for you?” He stroked down the side of Sherlock’s body, stopping at the waistband of his pyjama bottoms. “Can I touch you?”
He pulls John closer, and the hard length of John’s cock presses against his thigh. John shifts against him, grinding his pelvis into Sherlock’s leg. He moans into Sherlock’s mouth as he ruts against him, and the feeling of the hard evidence of John’s desire is intoxicating and utterly irresistible. Sherlock feels himself thickening against John’s hip, feels an answering need to seek friction in the warmth of John’s body, but the last remnants of clear thought kick in before his hips can start acting on their own volition.
“Don’t,” Sherlock interrupts him curtly, almost burning himself as he carelessly grabs the pot of boiling pasta as some sort of shield.
here. This is not a transaction. Nothing you don’t like even enters the picture. So, let’s see if I’ve got this right: you need me to take control because it gives you something to focus on, right? But you don’t want any of the other BDSM stuff.”
“Oh no, love, it’s perfect, you’re perfect,” John reassured him immediately, brushing Sherlock’s hair from his forehead. “Don’t worry. Just use some lube.”
