Sherlock felt the bruises on his body ache as John squeezed him. He hated this, everything about it. He huffed out a shaky breath, tilting his head up to look at John. "You...you are coming back to me John Watson," he ordered firmly. "You are not...going to stay in that place, you are coming home to us all, do you understand me?" he asked, sitting up and straddling John's lap and taking his tear streaked face in his hands.
Katherine thought a little, "Uhhhhhhhhhhhh....Oh! No, white cake, chocolate fwosting, and strawberry stuff in the middle!" she said, grinning at the idea. Sherlock was about to say that he really didn't need a cake, but he didn't want to take away from Katherine's excitement.
Sherlock whined again, dry heaving into the toilet. He coughed a few times, shivering a little. "I... froze up. When he came in... the doctor," he said, swallowing. It was as if he were afraid of Alphas all over again, but then everyone he'd encountered the last couple years pretty much always tried to kill him. "C-can get in bed, at least," he muttered, trying to stand up some, finally managing and helping John.
Sherlock blinked a few times, turning his head to look at John. "Get back here," he said, remembering. "Um... please, and... if you want. I –" He let out a breath. "I was just in my head. Spent the better part of two years there, just habit. I wasn't thinking about
John made a noise of acknowledgement, sighing softly at Sherlock's fingers in his hair. "Sleep well, love," he murmured, resting his cheek atop Sherlock's head and running his hand down his back until he felt his body go limp. He smiled, closing his own eyes, half-resting while Sherlock slept.
"I'm going to need your email," Sherlock murmured. "And you'll have to send the first letter… I won't know where to send it to otherwise," he said.
Sherlock returned the kiss, smiling a little. "I love you. Always," he breathed, shifting a little. He was laying on his right side, but he didn't want to face away from John. They switched sides of the bed so they could spoon when they slept, but he wanted to see John. "We need to move... swap," he murmured.
John held Kat close, kissing the top of her head. "Well he must have decided to give you your present early," he said softly, nuzzling into her hair and rubbing her belly. "You know I love you, sweetheart, right? No matter what, no matter how much time I spend with Hamish or your daddy, I will always love you just as much as I always have," he murmured, tilting her head up so that their eyes could meet.
Sherlock flinched a little, curling up and holding still. Sherlock fidgeted slightly. "I'm going to puke on you," he said, pulling out of John's arms again to throw up again, flushing the toilet when nothing else came out. He tugged at his shirt, too warm. "You... just had surgery," he said, leaning against the cool porcelain with a sigh.
Katherine ran over and climbed onto one of the chairs by the window, looking outside at the slush outside after casting a wave at Hank. She sighed, slumping back at the seat and swinging her boot clad feet a little. "I miss the snow." she said with a small pout, wishing it had lasted. She leaned forward on the table, resting her elbows on the surface.
Four days later and John was as good as dead on his feet. He had just put Kat to bed, for the last time for a year and a half. Tomorrow was the day when he was getting on a plane, flying back out to the one place he had sworn to never return to. He had less than twelve hours left with Sherlock, and the thought made him nearly sick, and it almost brought him to his knees. He walked slowly down the stairs and into the living room, finding Sherlock on the couch and moving to sit beside him. He wanted to apologise, to cry, but nothing came out. He was numb, he was shocked. Where had their week gone?
Katherine wrapped her arms around her Papa's neck, holding onto himself. "But why going away?" she asked. "Where going? Going 'way like Daddy did a'fore?" she asked in a small voice, remembering how sad Papa was before Daddy came to the flat. She sniffed, looking down.
Sherlock hummed, squeezing John's hand in return. "I love you too," he murmured. "Always," he said quietly. He ran his fingers through John's hair. "Sleep. I just need to run a quick test – two... three hours tops," he said quietly.
Sherlock winced a little as John eased him off his lap. He looked up at his hand, reaching up and pulling himself up, standing up unsteadily. "Erm...maybe a bath. Don't really...want to stand somewhere wet." he murmured.
"Stomach feeling better?" John inquired, standing from the bed and pouring more tea into the mug before dumping a pill into his palm and handing it over to Sherlock. "I'd like to try and get something sustainable in you today, if you'll let me."
John reached for the soap, slowly starting to rub it over Sherlock's chest and abdomen, down his legs and then back up to his shoulders.
"Let's put your hair up in a ponytail, and then we can go eat, alright?" John whispered, ducking into the bathroom to grab the brush and a hair tie. He came back out, asking Kat to stand still before gently combing through her snarls and putting it up with the tie. Sherlock would have done better, but it looked alright. He went into the kitchen, grabbing his wallet and keys and writing Sherlock a quick note before he helped Kat into her coat and boots, pulled on his own, and then led her downstairs.
John tried to swat Sherlock's hands away when he went to check his bandages, but as usual, it was no use. He rolled out of bed, moving a bit unsteadily over to the other one, pausing on his way to lean up and give Sherlock a long, slow kiss. "Of course I will," he agreed, sitting down on the edge of the bed, his feet dangling a little off of the floor.
It had been more or less a fruitless night when it came to cases, Lestrade hardly having anything for him other than a handful of cold cases. They took Sherlock less than twenty minutes.
"Jesus," John panted, bracing himself up with one hand and lining himself up with the other. He didn't waste any time, sinking slowly into Sherlock, who was slicker than he had ever been. "I've got you, love," John promised, which seemed to be all he could say. He moaned a little as he sunk in all the way, resting there for a moment before he pulled back and quickly snapped his hips, starting a brutal rhythm that was probably going to leave both of them bruised, but right now he didn't care.
"It'll be perfect," John whispered, closing his eyes and combing through Sherlock's hair. He sighed, hugging Sherlock to him. "I called Harry this morning. I need to call Mum here in a bit," he said quietly.
John was on his feet, walking to the bathroom and opening the door when he heard the toilet flush. He rested his hand on Sherlock's forehead, looking for a temperature but there wasn't one. "Come here," he said gently, tugging Sherlock after him when he was done brushing his teeth. He led him into the bedroom, sat him on the bed, and slowly worked off his shirt. "I'm going to check your shoulder, just to see if it's warm," he explained, gently resting his palm over the bandage.
"You're not done yet," John murmured, biting at the pulse point on Sherlock's neck as he lined up with the Omega's entrance, pushing against it just a little. "Are you alright with this?" he managed to ask, forcing himself to wait for Sherlock's consent.
John had changed in the bathroom, and by the time he had returned to toss his clothes in the hamper, Sherlock had been asleep. Smiling softly to himself, he made his way out into the living room and curled up on the couch, falling into a light sleep.
The notes of the song started to leave off, drawing almost to a close with one quiet one still going. That was going to be the end, because what music would there be after the auction?
"I didn't forget a damn thing. And Sherlock's an adult; you have no decisions over him, nor does anyone else, seeing as he still has a functioning brain and isn't in a vegetative state."
He looked up when he heard the nurse say John's name and carefully stood, packing up Katherine's backpack. He let out a breath, then lifted her as well, wincing at the tug in his side. "How is he?" he whispered to the nurse, ignoring his pain for now.
A week passed, and Sherlock felt like he was going mad. He heard nothing, and still spent most of his time in the flat. Lestrade finally showed up, though, and made him come along to a crime scene. It was intriguing, he supposed, and even caught his attention some.
John sat down beside the Omega on the couch, opening the kit and placing it on the coffee table before his fingers slowly peeled the bandage off of his side. He hummed quietly to himself, reaching for some peroxide and tipping a bit of the liquid onto a square of gauze, which he used to dab at the small incision.
John winced, looking down at his hands. "I know, sweetheart. Can I tell you something?" he asked, glancing up at her and meeting eyes that had become nearly identical to Sherlock's as Katherine got older. "I thought your daddy died. But he didn't; he just lied to me for a really long time, and I don't know why. I wish I did, Katty, and I'm sorry for this."
Greg shook his head, burping the small pup in his arms as he'd finished feeding her a handful of minutes before. "Not a word, she's been in your chair, all but guarding Hamish." he said, nodding towards the swing that Hamish was sleeping in. "Changed him and gave him a bottle before putting him back in there," he said, casting a glance towards Mycrof, who nodded once. He stood, grabbing the bag with Elizabeth's things. "Well we should probably go, Lizbeth needs a bath, and you two probably want some time alone. Feel better John, Sherlock...take care of him."
John bit his lip, leaning forward to run his hand slowly and gently through Sherlock's wild curls. "You cut your hair," he noted in a whisper, pulling his hand back and taking Sherlock's bandaged hand in his, looking over the white bandage. "They did this wrong," he muttered, unwrapping it and doing it correctly.
"I don't have any qualms about going home," John replied, resting his hand on Sherlock's thigh to keep him there. "Do you want to?" he asked, tilting his head with a bit of concern at Sherlock.
Occasionally John would stir, and Sherlock would murmur quietly to him, mostly just little things, periodic elements in order and other useless information, keeping his voice low and calm until John settled again.
They never taught soldiers how to survive torture sessions, how to prepare yourself and gather your wits again after being electrocuted. He wished, then, that they would have, because he wasn't an idiot, like Sherlock so often teased him to be.
Sherlock nodded. "I know," he said, following John into the kitchen and then opened up the hall closet that had the washer and dryer, tossing in the rag. Sherlock walked over and pulled out some tea (with caffeine, thank god) and mugs. He held out his arms for Katherine since John would soon be holding boiling water.
He swayed a little, looking out the back door at the snow outside. He hummed, walking over to the door, seeing the woods around, his hand going against the glass, which felt... so good. "John..." he breathed softly, a small voice telling him not to, but it was just the heat driving him, and he felt too warm. He pulled the door open, sighing at the icy blast of air as he stood in the doorway, taking a couple steps outside, eyes half open.
Sherlock found it surprisingly easy to do just that, his eyes blinking open at the tip of John's tongue touching his jaw. He sighed, finding his reaction to the attention curious.
Sherlock leant into the touch, a soft whine coming from him, feeling as vulnerable as he had before, but only without the fear he'd had.
Sherlock leant into John's hand, blinking a few times. "W-wanted to... distract you," he murmured. "Guess she did too," he murmured, tensing up again as another contraction came, sooner this time, Sherlock could tell, though as it turned out, only by about thirty seconds. He let out a breath, taking in another slowly, like he'd read.
"God, yeah, you think?" John teased, kissing the corner of Sherlock's mouth. "I miss talking to you," he said quietly, running his fingers lightly over Sherlock's chest. "I mean, I love the kids, obviously, but I miss just having you around. I miss waking up with you and just lying in bed until we felt like getting up." He sighed lightly, nuzzling against their mark on the back of Sherlock's neck.
"Now don't throw a fit on me," he murmured, returning to the kitchen with the medicine and loading up the syringe. "Your daddy needs to sleep, okay? And I'll give you something to eat right after, I promise." He kissed her cheek and quickly gave her the medicine, bouncing her as he reached for the bottle and put the teat between her lips.
John was jogging towards the entrance to Bart's when his phone rang. "You had better have a damned good excuse, Sherlock," he said. "I'm coming inside, and if you're not there I will hunt you down."
"Yes, fine. I'll eat. And I'll take out your stitches, too." John pressed a kiss to Sherlock's forehead, his eyes already slipping closed. "I love you," he murmured, on the verge of falling asleep.
"Not for the rest of our lives, we can't," John murmured, his voice dropping into a seductive purr. "God, I love your hair." He ran his nose through the heavy, silky curls, wrapping his fingers through a few stray strands at the back of his head.
John ran his fingers over Sherlock's side, rubbing slow circles with the pads of his fingers. "I won't miss. And every one of them is going to hold his face. He's going to die a thousand times over in that desert, if that's what it takes," he said quietly, already feeling the anger coming on, the emotions that he had repressed since Sherlock's "death." They were good, though. They would get him through this.
Sherlock looked up when he heard John approach, and he took the pill and water, swallowing both quickly and setting the empty glass on the table. He was surprised to find he had a small bit of an appetite, which was unusual for him.
The therapist looked at John steadily, writing something else down, her clipboard tilted up a bit more so John couldn’t read it. He sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I’m sorry…I’m just getting impatient with it all. I keep waiting for things to feel normal again. I’ve been back for nearly five bloody months…but nothing feels like it should.” He shook his head, looking up when he heard the timer indicating his session was over.
John glanced down the hall after his daughter, then looked back over at Sherlock. He walked over, easing into the spot Katherine had left and resting his head on Sherlock's chest. "You're alright, love," he promised in a hushed tone, splaying his hand across Sherlock's torso. "I've got you."
Sherlock nodded quietly, looking at John. He sighed. He wanted sleep, too, is what he wanted. He finished the sandwich, then leant on his hand again. He started to doze again, lightly. He managed to grab a couple more hours before rousing again, though he stayed where he was.
John ducked his head, knowing then that she already knew something bad had happened in Afghanistan, though probably not the particulars. He sighed, taking a long drink of his tea and not meeting his mother's gaze.
Sherlock settled back into the sofa, sinking into it slightly, Katherine still tucked in his arm. She cooed a little, waving her fists in the air as she woke up, demanding at the ceiling it seemed, that she be picked up. She fussed lightly when this didn't happen right away, which caused Sherlock to stir.
Sherlock moved his lips back up to John's cheek, his lips lightly ghosting over one of John's shut eyes.
"As long as it needs to, and it depends on how much I give you," Sherlock murmured, setting Katherine down in her cot and winding up her mobile. Sherlock had thrown out the pastel creatures it had come with and special ordered plush toys of different microbes. The colours were more engaging anyway.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, nodding once. "Mhm," he hummed quietly, closing his eyes when the fingers moved through his hair again. "There almost four years then... couldn't tell... time there," he said, eyes still shut.
Sherlock blinked a few times, shaking his head a small bit. Did that happen? He looked over to John holding a fussy Katherine.
John's heart inflated and slowly started breaking as he read Sherlock's emails, recognising the symptoms immediately. He didn't blame Mycroft for thinking about wanting to take the kids away, especially if Sherlock was a volatile as he was claiming to be. He quickly clicked the reply button and typed out a response as best as he could.
John just barely managed to hold back a snarl at the picture, holding Sherlock tighter against him to the point where his grip was probably bruising. "I'm going to kill him. I am. It's just a question of when and how."
"At most thirteen days," Sherlock corrected. The doctor had said as much. If she doesn't come by then, then they were going to induce, because she would be too big otherwise. He sighed, taking the steps slowly with John as they went outside.
John reached up, cupping Sherlock's cheek and stroking his thumb over his cheekbone. "I guess I can understand why you didn't tell me," he murmured, looking up at him.
things. He woke up slowly and then quite rapidly, the sound of bombs and the threat of a nightmare pushing him into consciousness. He groaned, rolling onto his front and burying his face in the pillow to hide from the sunlight.
He left the flat, and his phone, everything when he went to go find it, taking only the money he'd pulled out of his account. He didn't want to deal with them all right now, and it was better if he just disappeared.
John took the small bottle from Sherlock, turning it over and reading the name of the drug – one that he had never heard of before. He nodded. "Alright. I'll go make some tea and toast. I don't want to take anything without having something in my stomach."
Katherine sniffed, shrugging again. She looked up at John and then nodded a little. "But...Papa's always here," she said quietly, glancing down the hall towards their room. "Does Daddy go 'way too?" she asked quietly. Sometimes he went to work for a couple days and Katherine was always nervous that he wouldn't come back. "How'd baby get in Daddy's tummy?" she asked in what seemed to be an afterthought.
Sherlock settled next to John, hearing the tags clink together as he shifted. He looked down, giving a half shrug. "I want you to do whatever you as a doctor, talking about another patient, would want them to do," he said carefully.
that he was allowed to live another year when all of his friends were dead. He made a small sound, pushing to his feet and pacing a small ways away, hopping up onto the back of a bench and balancing on it.
Sherlock swallowed, stepping up and wrapping his arms around John's middle, resting his head on his shoulder. "I'll come with you," he said. "And you don't think for one second about saying goodbye, John," he said. "Because I'm going to see you again." Goodbye always seemed to put some kind of permanence on things, and Sherlock didn't want that... not this time.
He pushed open the door slowly, walking over and setting the mugs down on the nightstand closest to Sherlock. "Come on, let's get you sitting up," he said quietly, smiling down at Katherine as he helped Sherlock sit up, placing pillows under his back to support him before he handed off his tea. "Katty and I can run down and get you some pain medicine later," he said, taking her hand and walking over to the other side of the bed to sit down with her.
"It's okay," John finally breathed, backing up and sitting down on the chair again, pulling Sherlock onto his lap. "It's alright. It wasn't your fault, love. It wasn't." He stroked his hand over Sherlock's back, combing his hand through his hair.
Sherlock nodded, pleased that John had had something to drink at least. "Most food poisoning breaks after a few more hours," he said. "This part anyway, you'll probably still feel like hell for a day or so. But I'm sure you know that, Doctor," he murmured quietly, wiping down John's face again with the fresh cloth.
John beamed. "No, no one's as smart as your daddy," he agreed, kissing Sherlock's cheek. He watched Katherine closely, noticing her eyelids sagging, her head nodding a little as she fought to stay awake. It was only a few more minutes before she finally – dear god,
"I know he might find out. If something happens.... Nothing's going to happen, so it'll be fine." John said firmly, running his hand through his hair. "He's going to need the help; I can tell you that. He was moody last time, but this time... his hormones are all over the place. Kat's a strong girl, but I don't want him to have to care for her all the time. And he's going to need someone there when he..." John bit his lip, overwhelmed again that he wouldn't be there for the birth of his second child. "Fifteen months," he said quietly.
"Alright, dear," Maria said, setting her pen down from where she had been scribbling information. "Just a few questions for you. Well, it's mostly just information intake." She smiled kindly, folding her hands. "What's your daily food intake, calorie count, would you assume? Are you taking blood thinners or have you in the past? Are you on any medications? How much do you exercise daily?"
"John, listen to me, it will get better, but you have to trust me... I'm your friend. And you have to wait."
Sherlock set to work on the ropes holding John, setting down the gun to pick up Moran's knife, cutting at them.
Sherlock groaned – still pacing – his back hurting from standing now. He huffed; he couldn't win. "What about them?" he asked. "That's more of a religious practice isn't it? And even then, there really is only one logical choice," he said, as if that was obvious. "Harry and Clara, and by proxy your mother. What, did you think Mycroft and Lestrade a good choice?" he asked, shaking his head a little, irritated this early in the morning. He sighed. "He'd see to it she or them never want for anything, and they would see to it that she's cared for properly," he stated.
John drew his fingers out, nudging Sherlock gently. "Permission granted," he said, watching Sherlock crawl onto the bed, resting on his elbows and knees. He wished he could take his time, make Sherlock shake apart and beg, but he didn't really have that kind of time. Sherlock needed to get out of the position he was in.
Sherlock nodded a little, eating slowly still. "Hand written, electronic, anything really will suffice," he said. "I know you'll be busy... but as long as you do try, that's what matters," he murmured quietly, trying for a small smile again.
Sherlock smirked. "You're at the top of the list currently; can't think of anyone that would boot you from the top two spots," he murmured, pulling out his phone. "A little after five," he replied. "Dinner should be here soon I should think, once it's been looked over," he said quietly, stroking Katherine's cheek again.
Today is a more special Sunday. I'm (Khansfringe) is flying out to meet Constellationqueen today! We've been writing for more than a year long distance and now we're finally meeting up. :)
"Oh, but our games have been fun, haven't they? Unfortunately, though, playtime's over, Sherlock. Daddy's had enough nowwwww."
John's fever broke around seven, and he woke up not too long after, blinking his eyes against the light in the room. "God, I feel like shit," he groaned, reaching for the glass of water and draining it. He flopped back onto the bed, not caring that he was laying the wrong way, and curled up onto his side.
John paused his daily walk down the hall to turn to an orderly. "Thanks," he murmured, taking the letter and walking back to his room. He sat down heavily on his bed, rubbing his leg as he looked at the envelope. When he saw who it was from, he ripped it open.
Sherlock nodded a little, turning his attention back to Katherine. He felt John's arm wrap around him, and he sighed softly, smiling a little.
that he could do to make Sherlock happy and calm. He ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair, trying to put some order back into it while he slept.
Sherlock looked down for a moment, thinking. "I was taking a break anyway... other side effects I didn't want," he said. He met John's gaze again.
Sherlock's breathing picked up a little as John started to move in and out of him, hooking his ankles behind John's knees to hold him in place. He moaned, his head tilting back into the bed more as he rolled his hips in time to John's motion.
Sherlock hummed, relaxing a small bit as John pushed up into him slightly more. Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath, his hips sliding forward a bit as John brushed up against what could only be his prostate, which again... felt so different. During a heat he only wanted that one spot reached – this though... "J-John.... that’s just t-teasing... god…" he breathed.
Sherlock moaned a little in anticipation, seeing John grab the lubricant, adjusting his hips just as John slid a finger up into him, a second following quickly. He whimpered, feeling it build so much faster this time, John barely getting the third finger in before he was just about to come.
Katherine had heard Papa yell, edging down the steps and poking her head into the living room, sniffling a little. She toed into the room and nudged John a little on the shoulder to get his attention.
He chuckled, looking up at the question. "Daddy's hurt, sweetie. He needs to rest for a few days, just lie down and eat and drink and sleep. He hasn't been taking very good care of himself while he's been gone." He ate a few more bites before standing up to get something to drink. "Want more milk?" he offered.
"I couldn't let you go," John whispered, kissing up Sherlock's neck to his jaw. "Even when I thought you were dead, I couldn't let go of the bond. I just... you were mine, you
Sherlock blinked a few times when he realized that he was being held, having zoned out, retreating into his head for a moment without realizing. He looked up at John, squeezing his fingers lightly. He wished he only felt cold, he wanted this to be enough to make him feel better. He swallowed thickly, "I...I can't do this John," he whispered quietly, hating himself for saying it. He could of course, but at the moment...he didn't know how he would be able to. It didn't feel like he could do it.
"Red, hm?" John asked, walking over to examine the scarves. "Dark red or bright red?" he enquired, holding them up for Kat's inspection. He personally liked the dark red one best, but this was Kat's present, not his.
"You can come back to my place until you're healthy again and then you can decide, okay?" John offered, moving over to the corner of the room where one of the nurses had discretely dropped off a pair of track pants and a long-sleeved shirt. "Will you let me help you?"
"Just breathe, John, okay?" Sherlock said as they walked, painfully slow, towards where they had to go. "You just keep breathing, and don't stop for anything. Okay? You promise," he said.
Sherlock hummed, leaning into John as he nodded. "I hope that you don't have to go out enough for him to die a thousand times. Hopefully only a few...none would be better." He sighed, backing John up into his chair and having him sit before climbing up into his lap. "I love you, and I will wait for you, and you'll come back to all three of us," he said quietly.
And when they met Sherlock’s gaze the barricade he kept on that part of his memories was torn down, and he remembered the first time he saw those eyes.
John chuckled, leading Kat back out onto the street. "Of course you can come. This is your present to him, remember?" he asked, ruffling her hair as they started to walk home.
Sherlock smiled, letting out a breath and nodding a little. "’m alright... you're fine... both fine," he murmured, his eyes sliding shut again. He smiled a little, dozing off once more.
"The pills help?" Sherlock asked quietly, sitting at the foot of the bed, not sure how angry John was still.
"They're necessary, love," John murmured, kissing Sherlock's temple. "I don't like it either, but I don't want her to get sick." He wrapped his arm around Sherlock's waist, tempted to pull him into his lap. He sighed heavily, resting his head against Sherlock's and closing his eyes for a moment. "I should go start lunch. What would you like?" he asked quietly.
John walked after Sherlock slowly, taking his time because he wanted time to slow down with him. He thought that the slower he walked, the slower the clock would move, and the longer he would have with his love, his mate, with Sherlock. Of course, he knew that the thought was whimsical at best. He stripped down to his pants as soon as he entered the bedroom, tossing his clothes aside and crawling into bed. Sherlock was there already, and John pulled him close, cradling his Omega's head against his chest. "It's alright, love," he whispered into his hair. "You can cry. I've got you."
In a second Mycroft was in front of him, his hands holding onto both of Sherlock’s upper arms. He instantly jerked back, trying to pull away, “Let go!” he said, heart pounding in his chest.
Sherlock let out a breath, squeezing John's hand gently before moving it to rest on their daughter. "You won't let yourself hurt her, John. Trust yourself more alright? A little more than a year ago I figured I would probably kill an infant if left alone with it for more than an hour. We'll be fine, and so will she," he said, pressing a kiss to John's forehead.
They'd picked a school, one that Katherine was absolutely smitten with, and Sherlock liked it as well. Good bathrooms too, from what he saw when he was sick once more. The days...god, the days. They just disappeared and he was sitting on the sofa, sorting through each moment in his mind palace when he felt the sofa move. He blinked his eyes a few times, not quite withdrawing all the way, only doing so enough to lean over and rest his head on John's shoulder. "I wish you could hide in here with me...I'd show you everything...every last detail that I've kept safe," he said quietly. "You know I made cupboard for the solar system? Just because you mentioned me not knowing about it."
"You're alright," John soothed, his voice steady again, though he himself was nowhere near. They laid in silence for quite a few moments, just breathing in each other's scents. "I'm going to have to call Mum tomorrow. Harry too," he whispered. "We'll all have to make a trip over there so that they can see me before I leave, and then the rest of the week is yours."
Sherlock sighed a little. "Feel a bit out of my depth with them; with you, it's easy. You know how to take care of yourself, so there's not much I can screw up," he said. "Little pink... screaming things, I... I wouldn't know how to..." he shook his head a little.
John raised his eyebrows, staring at Sherlock over his sandwich. "You had a head. In the fridge. Why the bloody
John made a small sound of trepidation mixed with relief. He needed sleep, but he was fearful of what could happen. "How long does it last?" he asked, hoping for somewhere right around eight hours. He walked into the bedroom ahead of Sherlock, fixing up Katherine's cot and then straightening the covers on the bed.
"You know what this means, right?" John asked quietly, rolling his head to the side to give Sherlock more access to his neck. "Together always," he hummed, his chest rumbling with pleasure. "No matter what."
Sherlock looked after the Alpha, able to smell him on the bedding that was wrapped around him, and he couldn't help the relaxed feeling he got from it. Quite the opposite of the almost fearful feeling he got from the Alphas at the auction house.
Sherlock sighed, nodding a bit. "No coffee for me I guess," he mumbled, sighing a little, leaning up and nibbling at John's jaw gently before pressing a few kisses there. His stomach churned once more, and he nuzzled closer to John, trying to ignore it.
of thought to what I would have wanted? Every day out... there, I thought about you, thought about what you would do or say to every decision I made. I got
"Like you could!" Sherlock snapped, ruffling his hair agitatedly. He huffed a sigh, looking over at John. Finally he sighed, walking over and perching on the bed. "I'm fine," he said curtly, blinking a few times, his head fuzzy.
Sherlock curled close to John, sighing contentedly. "It's a good thing that Katherine suggested it. Good to get you out, get you some air," he murmured quietly. He sighed softly once more, nodding. "Yes, we'll get him some, and tomorrow I can bring down the crib. I want him out of that small little bassinet, it's just not safe." He nuzzled against John's chest, "Not a caged animal, not anymore. Give you a good walk around," he said with a small smile.
"Almost eleven," Sherlock murmured quietly. He looked at John, leaning forward to cup his face, checking his pupil dilation. He let out a breath. "Some kind of psychotropic drug. Mild, induces paranoia at first, though when regularly taken it seems to draw from one's subconscious," he said quietly.
Sherlock nodded, standing up and wrapping his arms around John again. "Mm love you too," he murmured quietly, letting out a breath before pulling a bit away, his hand on the doorknob. He pulled it open and stepped out into the hallway, looking at the staircase. He waited for John – his family's home after all.
"See to it he keeps it in this time, otherwise he's not allowed to go home early," she said softly, patting Sherlock's shoulder. "I expect you in for a check-up when things smooth over," she said, leaving again.
Sherlock jumped a little, moving his hand from his stomach and flushing the toilet. He stood up, pulling the door open. "Yes," he said, reaching over across the room to wash his hands. "I'm fine," he said.
John didn't want to get up, because getting up meant getting ready to go to his mum's. It meant saying goodbye, even if it was only for a short while. He let go of a breath, hearing the water start up, and slid out of bed, walking quietly into the bathroom and climbing in after Sherlock. He reached for the shampoo without saying anything, squirting some into his palm and reaching up to slowly work it through Sherlock's hair. He took his time, massaging the shampoo against Sherlock's scalp, watching his eyes dip closed and listening to the soft hum he made. Leaning up on his tiptoes, he kissed Sherlock's nose, then backed away so that he could rinse.
John smiled softly, taking that as a compliment. "I'm just attuned to you and your habits," he breathed, holding Sherlock closer, one arm banded across his chest and the other settled over his massive waistline. He nuzzled sleepily against the juncture of Sherlock's neck, humming quietly to himself.
"What are you doing to them?" John demanded, pulling against the arms and hands restraining him. "Leave them alone!" The auburn-haired man ignored him, yelling something in Arabic over his shoulder. John watched Amelia struggle and Adam go slack, the young man obviously suffering from his injuries. A solid form moved along the edge of John's vision, and he turned, his eyes widening at the muscular man walking towards the remaining members of his team. "Amelia..." John said, turning his head back toward his second in command. He knew that she had seen the axe, same as he had, and she lifted her eyes to find his.
Sherlock looked down at himself, then over to the clock, realising how late in the day it was. How had he not noticed? He sighed.
"Three of them," Sherlock said, snatching up John's apple from the counter and dropping it onto his lap, ignoring the comment about his smell. "All took the same poison, all where they had no right being for their schedules, none of them with any indication of suicidal tendencies," he said, sitting in his chair, fingers steepled under his chin.
"You're mine," John groaned, punctuated with a roll of his hips that pressed against Sherlock's prostate.
Sherlock nodded a little, walking over to a hanging basket and plucking out an apple and banana. He opened a drawer and set about to slicing them both after grabbing a knife, pulling out a plate to set them on. He kept glancing at John though, watching him carefully, considering him quietly.
Sherlock closed his violin case, stroking it a little with a couple fingers before he stood. "I'll just get my slippers," he mumbled, moving down into the bedroom. He came back and pulled on his coat, which was a perfect fit to him now. He pocketed the phone, seeing the charger to it in the box still. He felt a thin plastic card in his pocket, and knew what it was: his trust fund.
John sighed, letting out a soft groan. "How? How do you always get it right?" He looked over at Sherlock, shoving his shoulder gently. "Yes, alright? I've got a thing for eyeliner. Not all the time, but on the rare occasion..." he trailed off, biting his cheek.
Sherlock met John’s eyes for a moment when his head was tilted up, then sighed, lying back and carefully rolling onto his right side.
Sherlock nodded a little, taking the plate and lifting the bowl off of it, holding it in his hands, which were usually always cold.
John growled against Sherlock's lips, rolling them over and pinning him against the mattress. "I am coming back," he said, pulling back. "And you are not going to die if I do. I don't give a damned about anything else. If I die, I want to be cremated, and I want you to watch after our damned kids."
Sherlock sighed, rolling his eyes as he let himself inside and hung up his coat, tossing his leftovers in the fridge as well.
Sherlock hummed, leaning up into the kiss, his hands moving up under John's shirt and tugging it off as well. He unwound his legs from John more, pulling John down closer to him. His breathing was hitching slightly, and he let out a huff that was half a sob. "K-Katherine?" he asked breathlessly, wondering if the timing was okay for this.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something to John, but he had already turned away, walking towards security.
John shrugged, turning his head to kiss Sherlock fully. "But you love it," he whispered with a grin, settling down and nuzzling against Sherlock again. A few minutes passed, and his knot receded, allowing him to gently pull out of Sherlock. "I suppose you're going to go run off with your phone, hmm?" he teased, poking Sherlock's ribs.
Sherlock shook his head, though she couldn't see it. "I don't plan on it," he murmured softly, picking up the group of presents and carrying them downstairs, walking into the living room and setting them down, settling himself onto the corner of the sofa and curling up there. He didn't dare put a toe out of line while he was here; sure, Mindy said she wasn't going to be mad at him, but still...
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I have told you already, or has the blood loss and malnutrition made you lose your grasp on English? It will heal the bites that have been neglected and left to fester on you, as well as help your body replenish the blood you lost,” he said. “These are good things, which as a doctor you should both appreciate and understand." The man looked at him, stunned.
Sherlock thought, and thought, finally getting a message from Mycroft, an address where John's phone gave off a signal last, though it appeared to be off now. He knew where that was near, and he knew where they'd be.
John sobbed, closing his eyes and shaking. "Wait for what?!" he demanded, his voice ripping and cracking so tremendously that it didn't sound like it belonged to him. "He's dead, Molly. He killed himself because... because he was in pain, and I was too selfish to see it."
Sherlock let out a breath, nodding. "I know. We both are," he said, his hold on the gun relaxing a small bit. "And as for you not being tired… I don't really care a whole lot; you're going to rest," he muttered quietly, as small smile in the corner of his mouth.
"This came in the mail for you today," Mycroft said, handing the official British Army envelope over to Sherlock. "Apparently you were listed as his first contact, as he didn't have any contact information for his family."
Twenty minutes, later, Hamish started to fuss, waking up. John picked him up and started bouncing him, bringing him into the bedroom for a change before he started really crying. "There you go, big boy," John said, picking Hamish up and smiling at him once he was clean again. "Shall we go visit Daddy before you fall asleep again?" he asked, already heading back towards the kitchen.
Sherlock let out a shaking breath, sucking it in sharply when John pressed against him and then into him slowly. He moaned, eyes closing as John sank into him. He wet his lips, pulling his eyes open and looking at John as he pulled out, then back in quickly, ripping the breath from Sherlock. "I...god...
John furrowed his brows as he set the plates on the table. "Tossed them in the bin last week. You're not allowed to have caffeine, love." He walked over, taking the glasses of milk and putting them on the table. "Officially in the second trimester; you have to start being more observant of what you're consuming."
Sherlock dropped the empty bottle in the trash and started burping Hamish, bouncing gently when he was done just so he didn't have to stand still. He looked down at his hand when John took it, then looked up at John. "Are you sure?" he asked quietly. Didn't John want to be here for his mother? She was stable, which was good, and her colour wasn't bad either.
John felt just a pang of guilt as he inserted the medicine quickly and she swallowed it, fussing at the horrible taste. She quieted down when Sherlock started feeding her, though, and John gave a small sigh of relief. She could get better now. He walked over to the sofa, lying down on it and pillowing his head on his arms, just watching Sherlock with their daughter.
The nurse walked out into the waiting room, spotting Sherlock and the young pup sitting together almost immediately. "John Watson," she called, tactfully not wanting to draw attention to Sherlock.
"Yes, I'll go get you some," John said with a smile once he could breathe. He pressed a kiss to Sherlock's forehead, rolling from the bed. He snatched up his coat off of the back of the chair, shrugging it on. "I'll be back in a bit," he promised with a smile, leaving the room and closing the door quietly behind him.
John sucked in a sharp hissing breath when he was led inside, his body immediately working itself into wracking shivers. "F-fucking h-he-ell," he stammered, standing under the water, unable to do much with how tight his muscles were. He threw up again, nearly falling over from it.
Sherlock hiccupped a little, sitting up and pulling John close again. "I don't want to. You shouldn’t get dressed, run down the street stark naked, then they'll call you mad and you can't go back. They won't give a gun to a madman," he said, trying to scent John's neck, but the water had washed most of it away, much to his distress. He climbed out of the tub, reaching over quickly for John's dressing robe, smelling that. "It's going to disappear again..." he said.
. He hadn't read any of them, but he was keeping them all so that he could either burn them or show Katherine some day when she was old enough. He hadn't decided yet.
"Do you ever get sick of it?" Amelia asked suddenly from the driver's seat. John looked over at her, raising his eyebrows. "Get sick of what?" he asked, reaching for his canteen and taking a sip.
Katherine leant back against him. "They should!" she said, kicking one foot stubbornly on the floor. She hiccupped a little, drinking water again to rinse out the horrible taste.
Sherlock was perfectly still, letting out a breath. "I'll be okay, I'm calling him now.... I'll see you soon," he said quietly. "Love you…" Sherlock hung up, quickly typing up a message on his phone.
John moved Sherlock gently and slowly, turning him so that they were facing each other and Sherlock's legs were around his hips, preventing him from curling up into a ball. He connected their lips, focusing Sherlock's breathing by supplying and taking his own breaths for a while. He moved Sherlock's hands to his shoulders, then gently found some of the pressure points Sherlock was searching for. He pressed a few softly, massaged some others, and pressed hard against still others, easing Sherlock down from where he was.
Sherlock smiled softly, watching Katherine as he rested some more. He wanted to give John a boy, and wondered what he'd look like. "What if...it's a girl?" he asked softly, "Assuming there even is an it," he added quietly.
John seemed to consider this, looking at Sherlock steadily. “Is this something you’re not wanting to initiate?”
Sherlock made his way up the steps of the flat, looking around it a little and sighing. It wouldn't smell like John after a week, he'd wager. And then it would, for all intents and purposes, be
going to be nice to her?" he asked, looking up at John. "Ye of little faith," he muttered, scratching at his arm where he'd ripped off his patch. He knew the skin was likely red there now.
John jumped awake, running into the bathroom and throwing up the small amount of food in his stomach. His left hand was shaking severely, and he pressed it to the floor in an effort to stop it.
Sherlock continued to sleep soundly, the only noise in the room coming from the steadily humming machines and the occasional noise of Sherlock's drip administering more morphine on a schedule.
Sherlock jerked a little at the pressure, realising a moment later that he was shaking... interesting. He swallowed, a small cry escaping him as John seemed to press harder. "S-stop... stop it..." he whined, weakly trying to wriggle out of the pinned grasp. His head held felt light and he blinked rapidly, breath hitching slightly.
Sherlock sighed, blinking his eyes open. "You are... yes, but I wasn't complaining," he said with a small smile. "Why don't we... I don't know… go shopping then. Get your mind off it, and then we come back, and I can think?" he asked.
“John, this is Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock, this is John Watson. We’re old mates from school,” Mike introduced. Sherlock lifted his gaze, already knowing it was John but not giving Mike an indication that they knew each other.
"That's a good thing," John murmured, nuzzling against Sherlock's cheek. He fully agreed with how perfect Katherine was, how wonderful and sweet and observant and so much like... well, mostly Sherlock. He sighed a little, resting his chin on Sherlock's shoulder. "I'm glad she looks like you and not me. You're prettier," he grinned, kissing Sherlock's neck.
John followed Harry into the house, tugging Sherlock along with him. "I'm glad you found someone. I can't imagine what it was like... twice..." John trailed off, shaking his head. "I'm sorry I wasn't there," he murmured, reaching up to set his hand on Harry's arm. He squeezed Sherlock's hand at the same time, looking back at him with a small smile.
"Stop the car," Sherlock said, his voice flat. It was too much, but at the same time, what else should he have expected? He'd warned himself against sentiment from the beginning, and especially with John. And he fell too easily into the snare of it. He shouldn't have, this was the result, and Sherlock felt cracked in two.
"You left me," he murmured to no one, walking across the roofline and standing just shy of the ledge, looking down at the street. He choked on a sob, raking a hand through his hair. "Sherlock, what have you done?"
John wasn't sure how long he cried, how long he held onto Sherlock, but he was aware that it must have been a long time, finally letting go of everything that had happened. In that hotel, in that cave…
John woke up crying softly. Stupid dreams. He rested his forehead on Sherlock's neck, matching his breathing with his mate's in hopes of keeping him asleep longer. He wanted to wipe off his cheeks, but he didn't want to move and disturb Sherlock, so he left it alone. It could wait for now.
Sherlock huffed a sigh, eyes boring a hole in the floor. "I know, and it's maddening," he complained. "I don't like not knowing, I don't like being on
"I know you can't take a second-hand statement and that you're going to have to question him, but..." John made a frustrated noise, glancing through the crack to see the Omega still asleep. "They hurt him bad, Inspector."
Sherlock was in the same position as when he had first laid down, the music still playing on the radio. He blinked his eyes open when he heard John's voice, roused easier from his mind this time, not hiding there, but rather organising. He turned his head, looking at John.
"He's going to kill you!" John sobbed, grabbing at Sherlock's dressing gown, his grip not as tight as he wanted it to be. "Sherlock please, please, I can't live without you." He was crying now, sobbing heavily against Sherlock's shoulder.
She had watched John fall apart, had seen him crumble into someone who wasn't her son, staying strong only for Katherine. "I've never seen him like that, and I don't mean that in a good way." She stepped forward, tilting Sherlock's chin to the side and tapping his bondmark. "This isn't for nothing. He's not like that around other people. You can't see it, but I've known him his whole life. You are literally the only person in the world that he loves with his whole heart, and your daughter is a very close second." She cupped his neck with her hand, which was so much smaller and more frail than his. "But I'm not going to be mad at you, love. I can see that you had selfless reasons."
"Well had I not come along you would have been guessing what I liked as well as my size and it would have ended in me coming along for the exchanges," Sherlock said.
Harry stood up and brought Hamish over, and Sherlock set down Katherine, taking the fussing, slightly bigger infant into his arms. He felt something in his chest loosen as he nuzzled against his son's cheek, taking in his scent, a small sob bubbling up in his chest as he smiled a little. "Hamish...oh baby, I'm so sorry," he said, touching the small, round cheeks. His small fingers closed around one of Sherlock's, and the infants fussing stopped instantly. "Oh...so now he settles, you know I've had a hell of a time with that one...he missed you," Harry said with a small smile. Sherlock looked up at her, and Mindy. "Thank you...for taking care of them...when I couldn't." he said.
Sherlock sighed, nuzzling into John's neck a little, still mumbling quietly. "Mon John..." he sighed, falling asleep, a soft snore escaping him.
"I suppose he'll disappear for a little bit... Moriarty," Sherlock murmured quietly, taking a bottle out of his pocket and dry swallowing two pills. "He waited a year last time. He's patient." He sighed, looking out the window, knowing that they were being watched, though it was a comfort, he supposed. He'd felt safe when he was younger, knowing Mycroft was looking out for him, and the same kind of comfort returned. Though he wasn't falling off garden walls any longer, and Mycroft almost never spoke to him. Still, it was his way of caring, he supposed. And they kept that secret. "Means we can relax for a while."
Sherlock tilted John's chin up so he could meet his gaze. "Don't apologise, I did it to myself," he said. "That's why... I got rid of the alcohol. I knew, from your letters... it couldn't be here. Because I don't want that for us, and if you sit there numbing yourself, it's just going to be harder for me not to," he said quietly, his front falling slightly. "It's barely been a month since my last one... and it's so... hard," he murmured, closing his eyes.
Sherlock – skin. "I love you, and you're mine. You're mine. Always," he murmured, tracing his fingers along Sherlock's cheekbone before settling it on his chest.
Sherlock woke up to a cold spot on the bed. He blinked his eyes open, still feeling a bit warm and flushed. He didn't have that hollow feeling in his centre, though.
With a heavy sigh and the hopes the Sherlock calmed down so that he would get better, John made his way back to the waiting room, filling out paperwork and finally resting in a chair against the far wall.
He shook his head. "No.... Never. Never again. I promise," he said softly, reaching up tentatively and touching one of Katherine's soft curls.
John waved his hand dismissively. "I'm fine. Don't worry about me," he said, looking up intently at Sherlock. "I can take care of myself if anything comes up. You have enough to worry about." He smiled kindly at him.
Sherlock shouted when he felt the pain in his neck, his eyes snapping open and letting go of what he was holding onto. He fell out of the bed, sitting bolt upright, his heart pounding out of his chest when he looked around the hospital room, as if not recognising where he was.
Sherlock bounced Katherine gently, scooting closer to John and leaning against him as the cab continued to go along to Mindy's house. Katherine soon got distracted by the snow flying outside, pressing her hands and face against the glass. Sherlock smiled at her, then looked at John.
"Stretch out your side so that I can do this easier," John murmured, setting his hand lightly on Sherlock's ribcage.
"Hey, baby," John said, smiling at Katherine. "I know you wanted to go to supper with Daddy, but is lunch okay instead? We can still have cake, but Daddy isn't feeling good and he wants to be home tonight."
Sherlock quickly complied, sitting back on the bed and almost losing his breath at the quickness that John was stripping him down. He shivered and gasped a little as John's mouth moved down his body, and then up his length. "C-Christ..." he breathed, pushing himself back on the bed. He reached back over his head, fumbling blindly in the drawer.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, pulling his sleeves down and looking up at John. "I'm living the only way I know how to," he said.
"Well, there's an Omega that works in the morgue at Bart's, a good friend of mine. She's got a lab down there that she hardly ever uses. I could call her, ask if you could use it while I'm at school?" John formed it into a question, letting Sherlock decide his course of action. "It's fine if you stay home, too, I just thought it might be nice for you to, I don't know, partake in something enjoyable." He shrugged, glancing out of the window and then back down at Sherlock.
Sherlock turned his head a little, shivering as John's hand moved down his spine, skin feeling cooler in contrast to Sherlock's. "Possible yes... suppose. Doesn't... feel entirely like one," he mumbled. He shifted a little, turning his head to look at John. He was caught by John's scent again, swallowing thickly. "I... my scent... different?" he asked drowsily.
Sherlock looked at John, "That was weeks ago," he defended, "And I spelled it once, I didn't think she'd recall it," he said, looking at Katty, "So proud that you did though dear," he said with a smirk. Katherine smiled, shoveling up the last of her food and going upstairs to dress herself. Sherlock let out a breath, pulling out his phone to send an email he'd saved, sending them to the schools in question. He looked at John, "I know it's rushed today but...I want you there, helping to make the decision," he said softly.
"It's tea, John, I'm sure she can manage," Sherlock murmured gently, looking down at Katherine, whose head had rolled to the side, having fallen asleep. He brushed a few curls out of her face, watching her with a look of contentment.
"Shh, Sherlock, shh," John murmured, not understanding the French that was being spoken, but recognising the distress in his tone. "It's alright, love, it really is," he promised, stroking his hair and rocking him slowly. "I understand, Sherlock, I do. It's alright, love." He pressed kisses over Sherlock's face, letting him expel the obviously pent-up tears and emotion.
John nodded slowly, turning back to the door just as it was pulled open by his mother. "Hey, Mum," he said quietly, walking forward into her outstretched arms. "It's alright," he said quietly into her shoulder, nuzzling against her and rubbing her back.
Sherlock thought of the fire escape that led from John's bedroom window, and darted towards it down the hall. He ran into the room, slamming the door shut and locking it as he scrambled for the window, heart racing in his chest.
for the first time in his life, it had gone away and it was.... indescribable. He lay there boneless, John atop him; neither of them would be able to move for a bit. He swallowed, still trying to catch his breath, eyes still closed.
Sherlock took another sip of the broth, taking a small glance at John. "And you're setting a wonderful example right now for eating," he stated, no longer looking at John. He drank a bit more broth down, setting it aside to settle in his stomach.
Sherlock let out a breath; he'd almost forgotten they decided on his last name. He swallowed, taking her small hand in his and shaking it. "Sherlock Holmes," he said quietly, the smallest of smiles tugging at the corner of his mouth.
"Alright," John murmured, holding onto Sherlock and letting his scent calm him for the moment. "Do me a favour?" He tilted his head up, meeting Sherlock's gaze. "Stay off of that compound for a while, at least," he asked, running his fingers along the Omega's spine. "I want the flat to start smelling like you again."
"Mmm... J.. John?" he breathed drowsily, his eyes trying to pull shut again. "Mmm John..." he mumbled under his breath.
"I was getting there, love," John murmured. "I didn't want her body to fall while I was focusing on her head." He turned to smile at Sherlock and then flinched. "Hey, can you take her for a moment?" he asked, handing her over and then moving off to the bathroom.
"I can't... she'll see me. How else would you have gotten here?” He sighed, running his hands through his hair. He looked over at Katherine, letting out a breath. He didn't want anyone taking her. He just got her back. "I'm fine," he said, looking at John. "Don't move, we don't want you here any longer than you need to be, you know how I feel about these places," he said with a small smile.
John nearly started sobbing again, but thankfully he was fresh out of tears. He pulled Sherlock back into his arms, holding him close, his hands gripping the suit jacket and holding fiercely to it. "I love you," he whispered, nuzzling against Sherlock's neck and inhaling his scent, glad that he didn't have to memorise it.
Sherlock followed John to the circular booth and slid into it, picking up a menu and glancing over it. He reached up and gingerly touched the mark on the side of his neck. He hadn't had bandages on them for a few days now, mostly healed over though still a little bruised. He smiled softly, his stomach feeling slightly out of sorts, though he ignored that, just like he ignored the constant throb of pain in his shoulder. He just needed the edge off, and the rest he could deal with.
Sherlock blinked again, slowly pushing himself up off the ground, grabbing John's hand to help pull him up. His hand lingered there for a moment before he let go.
, and Sherlock hung up before he could say it. He let the phone fall from his ear, calming his breaths so that he wouldn't damage his ribs further. When he was finally in control – though by no means calm – he picked up his phone again.
Sherlock blinked when John pulled away, looking up at him. He couldn't help the dazed smile that pulled at his face. "Perhaps..." he said almost teasingly. He let out a soft breath, one hand reaching up and tracing John's face as if committing it to memory, which was ridiculous of course, as he already had done so.
John walked over to his bedroom, pausing in the doorway for a moment to just watch Sherlock sleep. Shaking his head at himself, he turned around and walked into the kitchen, putting Sherlock's spring rolls in the fridge. He washed his hands and then slowly made his way back to the bedroom, walking over to the dresser to strip down and pull on his pyjamas.
Katherine's face was buried in Sherlock's neck, she obviously knew something was wrong, not knowing that what she was looking for was his scent. Pups could smell that, though they weren't consciously aware of it most of the time. "Shh...shh, I've got you." he said, holding them both tightly as he sat down, shaking a little himself, from relief.
She misses you. You said no details spared so...she is a bit different with you gone. She cried a little that first night, but we both did so it was okay. She's a bit quieter though now...and I know that's my fault, I was gone for so long. But still, we're both fine, the pup is fine. We love you.
Sherlock nodded a small bit, his arms wrapping shakily around John. "Please..." he said again. In the back of his mind, quietly, he knew John would take care of him, and be able to get anything for after; John didn't want to leave Sherlock behind... he wouldn't want to leave behind pups as well. Sherlock nodded again, whimpering a little as he pressed himself closer to John, loving the Alpha’s arms around him.
Cornflower blue eyes opened, light almost gone from them, rolling about in their sockets. They never focused, not once, though the way they moved it seemed almost as if they were searching for something.
Sherlock wrapped the towel shakily around himself, drying off some as he slowly was pulled back into their – when did he start thinking of it as that? – bed.
Sherlock tugged John's right arm down as soon as he stood to make him sit again. "No, I told you, it's your flat. And besides, you've been injured, I'll not have you going up the stairs," he said quietly. He looked at the bed. "The sofa is well enough for me, I sleep out there most nights anyway thinking," he said with a shrug. If John was so opposed to the idea of sharing with him, he didn't mind the sofa.
John nodded, reaching under his seat and pulling out his Osprey vest. "Pull her over. Someone radio in and tell them where we are and that we're proceeding by foot now. Tell them that radio silence is necessary, and to expect no word until sundown."
"About fifteen months," John murmured, leaning down to kiss her forehead. "It'll be alright, though. Daddy's going to be here, and Gran Gran's going to be coming over more often, and I'm sure Gran Hudson will be coming up with whole bunches of treats for you," he said, smiling a little and poking the tip of her nose. "I'll be back before you know it," he whispered, glancing up at Sherlock when he said it.
Sherlock's breath was even, cataloguing each touch in his mind palace, in a room he'd made during the day for John, not having devoted one to a person yet, if he didn’t count the entire room he had for his family. Still, that was three people to a room and yet... John had his own.
"He hasn't spoken about it since it happened I take it... doubt he would have told the people in the auction house much about his feelings," Mycroft said quietly.
Sherlock nodded once, "People like us...people who go places like that, see those things, do...what we had to do..." he let out a breath. "There is one of two outcomes. Either part of us stays there, or we carry a part of it with us," he said softly. "You've left John; you'll just always have a bit of sand in your blood,” he said. "Just as I have that place...with me always. That, and every place I went during my...absence," he murmured. He held out his hand and Hamish giggled a little, slapping his hand before gripping onto it with both hands.
John had his computer on his lap when he saw that Sherlock's computer was turned on. He immediately pressed the call button, adjusting the screen so that the camera was pointed at him better, so that Sherlock would have no doubt that it was him. He had barely blinked before his mate's face was taking up his screen. John beamed, a happy sob falling from him. "Sherlock, oh, god," he whispered, taking in everything and worrying over the stress lines around his eyes. "Oh, love..."
Sherlock was just putting a diaper on Hamish and pulling on a clean body suit on him when Katherine all but slammed into him. That woke him up a little. He blinked a few times, looking down at Katherine and giving her a sleepy smile. "Thank you Katty girl," he said, ruffling her bed head, curls as frazzled and poofed up as his probably were. "Let me finish dressing your brother." Katherine nodded, letting go of Sherlock and launching herself at their bed.
Sherlock blinked slowly, shrugging a small bit. "S'okay... can't feel it right now, not anything," he said. "S'good... not thinking, peaceful for once," he mumbled quietly.
John sighed, wrapping his arm around both Sherlock and Katherine to keep them close. "No front lines," John repeated, though he knew that things could happen. "And you're keeping that promise," he said, nuzzling into Kat's hair.
"Well it's obviously not contagious. If you had got it from the hospital then I would have had it as well," Sherlock said with a shrug. It was that simple. "Just bad duck... like you said," he murmured, looking down at John's hand on his stomach. He let out a breath. "That's something... that's going to be something we can hold..." he said quietly, trying to picture that, though it was difficult.
"You got him to go, the other day. To their grave; even I couldn't. Thank you, John," he said, looking down at Katherine again.
John laughed a little, leaning up to kiss Sherlock chastely before he led him from the flat and down the stairs onto the pavement. He raised his hand for a cab, holding the door for Sherlock before he slid in after him. He pulled his phone out, sending a text to Harry asking if they could come over later, then settled in against Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded lightly, "Won't hear any argument from me." he murmured with a small smile, humming softly. He shivered a little, sniffling some as he nuzzled against John's chest. "I hope I'm not the only one sore." he murmured, "Because...shite..."
John leant back, finishing his stew and setting the bowl in the sink. He filled a glass with water and set it in front of Sherlock. "When you finish those, come back to bed," he instructed, kissing Sherlock's forehead before he left the room.
Sherlock let out a breath, lowering the violin after a moment, though his eyes were still closed, the last bits of John's part of the song echoing in his head.
Sherlock was proven right, then... heat inducer. Only not working right because of the compound still in his body. Still, it left him feeling off, different, and not in a way he would have liked.
Sherlock sighed at the question. "I'm fine. I'm not the one sitting in a hospital bed," he said, looking down. "Well obviously I am, but it's
"Easy," John murmured, nuzzling along Sherlock's neck and kissing the reddened skin. "I've got you, I promise," he said, moving his hands back down to Sherlock's trousers and peeling them off, exposing an obviously interested erection underneath just his pants now. He massaged his fingers up Sherlock's rapidly heating sides, the heat setting in at a nearly alarming rate, but he knew it was medically safe, or he wouldn't have been able to get it. "I've got you," he repeated, sucking at a spot on Sherlock's neck.
John sighed, feeling like he had just let his mate down, and dropped his hand back to his lap. "I'm sorry," he whispered, apologising for too many things at once. "I shouldn't be scolding you. I know... I know that your hormones are off and that you're going through a lot." He looked over at Sherlock, meeting his eyes and holding them. "But I need you to promise me--promise me and mean it--that no matter how horrible you feel, no matter how messed up your hormones are making you, you will put a smile on your face and take care of Katherine, and that you'll eat, so that the baby grows properly."
Sherlock sighed, that was to be expected he supposed. He looked down at Katherine as she looked up at John, brows furrowed. "Whas'a there pissed?" she asked quietly, confused. "Want Papa to go...what's a there pissed?"
It was almost April, and Sherlock could practically smell spring coming up. He blinked a few times, the thought slamming into him. He paused, looking at John. "You're birthday... it's soon," he said. "Isn't it?" he asked, head still not working right, he tried to recall the date John told him.
John made a slightly exasperated noise in the back of his throat, reaching out to wrap his arm around Sherlock, pulling him back until they were pressed together again.
Sherlock hummed, methodically pulling on the pyjamas and sinking down into the bed. The mess thankfully had stayed on them, and the blankets were fine, so he crawled underneath them and settled there, sprawled out across most of the bed, his head on John's pillow purposefully to scent it. He had no intention of falling asleep like that, and yet that is exactly what he did, snoring softly by the time John came back into the room.
John couldn't stop shaking or crying, his arms wrapping tightly around Sherlock's waist, his head resting heavily on his shoulder. Sherlock's scent made him feel secure, but it did nothing to help him calm down. "I know. And you're worth it. The pain and the nightmares." He held Sherlock tighter, potentially too tight, but he couldn't have stopped if he had wanted to. "I just wish they would go away," he whispered, hiding his face in the crook of Sherlock's neck.
But of all the scents that surrounded the world, Sherlock had only really ever found one that really lured him, and as he sought its source he thought to the last time he had experienced it, and it was perhaps the worst night of his existence. Regent’s Park, 1882; he shook his head, no…not thinking about that now.
Sherlock felt... something he didn't want to in that instant and forced it down, holding John tighter and focusing on him.
. He leant back for a moment, undoing the ties on his hospital gown and discarding it before descending on Sherlock again, nipping and biting his way down his neck to his collarbone.
"Just wait... you'll see," Sherlock murmured. He didn't eat from his plate, rather just took a bit of breadstick and shredded it while they sat, John still eating.
Sherlock felt his stomach drop, and he swallowed, his arms wrapping instantly around John. He held him in a vice-like grip, as if it would somehow keep him there.
John laughed. "Yeah, you caught me. I used to stop by the cafe every day with Mike before I started getting really busy." Mentioning Mike reminded him that he had to pay him back, sooner now than he had thought.
Sherlock sighed, dragging out the pyjamas John had bought for him and moving towards the bathroom. "Just focus on what I've pointed out in the book," he said with a glance at John. "I... can take these off myself," he said, nodding at his bandages before disappearing into the bathroom.
John bit his trembling lower lip, not knowing how to tell Sherlock that it wasn’t just his his mum, or Katherine, or Hamish, or even Sherlock himself that he was upset about. He let out a sob, and it was the pain that he still carried from Afghanistan, old wounds that had been brought up by his old tags, and new wounds that seemed to never want to heal. It was an ache that in six days, he and Sherlock would both have graves to visit and chocolate to eat. It was worry that the danger in their lives would never end. That they would always be trying to protect their children and themselves from mad men who wanted them dead.
He swallowed. "I wasn't doubting her..." he said. "I'll miss her," he said quietly. "I know I will, because I did everyday before, and I didn't know I'd see her again," he murmured, his arms wrapping around John's middle. He was being silly, he knew he was, this was stupid. He swallowed, letting out a breath and scenting John's neck again.
"Oh, love, no," John whispered, holding Sherlock closer. "Don't torture yourself, please. Everything is going to be fine. You're going to have a healthy pup and we're going to spoil it senseless, alright?" He nuzzled against Sherlock's hair, rubbing his back when he felt him shiver.
Sherlock blinked, looking over at John. "Of course," he said. "Just thinking I suppose, and I'm tired. Long day," he murmured.
"I'll just slip off to the morgue if it's too much," Sherlock said. "Maybe there'll be another corpse for me to 'pick at,' as you said," he murmured with a small smile.
So when his house keeper knocked on the door a week after the raid he sighed from his perch on his armchair, his legs hanging over the side as his fingers were steepled under his chin. Another client, how thrilling.
Sherlock nodded, waiting until John left with Hamish before dumping out the rest of his food. He didn't have an appetite, that much had been true. He let out a breath, then started to clean the kitchen. Once he was done, he made his way down the hall to the bedroom, smiling at a grinning Hamish, who squealed upon seeing him.
Katherine blinked a couple times, nodding. She sniffed and sat up, looking towards Hamish's crib, seeing him laying there in the dim light, sleeping and not crying. She settled back on the bed and looked back up at her Papa. "Mhm...don'want nightmares though," she said quietly, clearing her throat a little.
"A moment ago it was trash and nothing more. I know how to handle evidence, anyway. Tested out of a forensics class," he said, glancing at John. "Graduated technically, I'm sure the little piece of paper is in the mail stack somewhere," he said. "As for the case, I'll see that Lestrade gets it," he said with a shrug.
"Anyway,” the DI continued, “we have a few people lined up; we'd appreciate it if you could tell us something about them, Sherlock, if you're able," he said.
Sherlock couldn't even summon up a response to that, a moan coming from him as John's pace quickened. He gasped, feeling John's knot start to swell and he came right then, leaning back into John and almost crying out, biting down on his lip as his mind drew a beautiful white blank and there was nothing but John in that moment... no background thoughts or memories or worries. He let out a breath, panting.
Finally, Lucian backed off, letting John suck down a lungful of air. "What are you talking about?" John demanded, glaring up at Lucian, who simply chuckled, pressing closer to John, carding his fingers through John's hair.
John made a pained sound, pulling back but still holding Sherlock's hand. "I know, baby, I'm sorry," he murmured, wishing he could make it better. "What should I do? Is there anything...?" he asked, reaching up with his free hand to comb through Sherlock's hair. He let go of Sherlock's hand, trailing his fingers down the Omega's stomach and ghosting them over his hard length. "Would this help, or no?"
He sighed, finally deciding to take them about an hour after they were left. He swallowed them dry, curling up next to John and trying to sleep, not succeeding.
Sherlock swallowed, looking at John again, his fingers reaching up to gently trace over the scar on John's shoulder. He sighed, realising John was almost as stubborn as he was, maybe more at times. He shut his eyes again, trying to ignore the cramps, and the slight nausea that came with them.
John gave a huff of breath in response, not trusting himself with words. He would either start crying again, or--god forbid--start yelling, and neither would be good things to do at all, let alone in front of Kat. So he stood up instead, taking his plate and dumping the food. He set the dishes in the bottom of the sink and walked from the room, ruffling Kat's hair as he left. He walked into the bedroom, sinking down onto the mattress, and just stared at his hands for a few moments. His body started moving before he really knew what he was doing, grabbing a pad of paper and a pen from his nightstand and starting to make a list of everything he would need.
John grinned, leaning up to kiss Sherlock's forehead. "No, not the worst," he agreed, his lips brushing over Sherlock's skin. "You should rest, love," he murmured, pulling back to brush their noses together. "I'm not leaving, don't worry. Just going to go ask for some painkillers and then I'll sleep too."
"Clara heard about it from someone she works with, and she told Harry, who said they couldn't afford it, and she, in turn, told me," John explained, slowing down as he lost track of exactly where the road was through the snow, but he managed to stay on it. "Keep your eyes open, I want you to get the full effect," he said, just as they rounded a corner and the log and stone cabin appeared out of a grove of trees.
Sherlock didn't so much as blink when John explained what he was reading, though his mind was already racing to analyse it.
He wanted to ask to hold John's hand, but didn't see that as being received well. He let out a breath, pulling off his coat and draping it over John, enveloping him in his scent. "Please look at me?" he asked softly, "I don't want you to be afraid to look at me, just like you told me at the very beginning...when you took me from that place. Remember?"
John had his foot on the wall above his head, and he was leaning into it to stretch the muscle when Sherlock came into the room. "Quite the Daddy's boy, aren't you, Misha?" he asked kindly, smiling at the infant and then over at his mate before switching to the other leg, setting that foot on the wall above his head. He cringed a little, this leg always worse than the other.
Sherlock grabbed his phone form the living room, calling John's work and explaining simply that he had food poisoning, and that his patients would be better served if he wasn't vomiting on them. He hung up the phone and walked back into the bedroom, climbing back into bed with a small smile. "There, handled," he said.
nice to meet them, odd as it was. He did like it, and John's mother intrigued him. She knew things, and was very perceptive.
Sherlock smiled a bit, snuggling up to John to keep him warm since he himself was still running hot. "Okay," he murmured, "but only when you're ready..." he yawned, starting to doze off himself as well. He thought briefly about what John said, about figuring out what they wanted, but Sherlock was at a loss of finding out why, and fell asleep before he could think on it too long.
"Bart's hospital," John instructed the cabbie, holding Sherlock against him with an arm across his shoulders.
Sherlock blinked his eyes open when he heard John say that. With a little bit of trouble he rolled over, laying on top of John in the water and pressing his lips to John's chest, and then up his neck before resting his head on his shoulder.
Sherlock stayed quiet, knowing John was busy, and really he was quite used to sitting about with just his thoughts, never being as comfortable as he was now, so he was content.
Sherlock nodded, rubbing his arm a little. "Alright," he said, feeling his bandages again under the fabric of the sweater. Home... was that what it was now? Odd concept, foreign now.
"Let's go out to the living room, keep an eye on her in her swing while we wait, alright?" he said, leading John out into the living room. "You haven't held me in ages anyway," he murmured.
Sherlock shrugged a little. "Not really her place to," he murmured, looking down at the grin on John's face. "What's so funny?" he asked – had he said something? Perhaps he should say it again if it made John smile.
Sherlock closed his eyes when the hand neared him, feeling it move though his hair. His brows furrowed a little and he wet his lips.
"I understand, love," John whispered, combing through Sherlock's hair and trailing his fingers down his neck.
John shrugged. "Not much to do for now. Should go to your favourite place in the world, though. They'll check your vitals and record them, make sure everything's on track, give an estimated due date and put you on record for having pups, which will basically just guarantee that they'll have a bed waiting around your due date so that we can get in." He chuckled softly to himself, tracing around
Katherine settled onto John’s lap, leaning up to kiss his cheek again. "Had some toast," she said quietly. She looked up, "Gonna be best Christmas ever...ah asked Santa for Papa to come home," she said quietly.
John sobbed. "The letter... said that... because I didn't finish my term, and they're short on doctors, that I'm required..." He couldn't finish the sentence, too distraught to speak.
John shivered again, shaking his head before he got sick again. Honestly, what was he even throwing up anymore? "Give it another hour or until my temperature goes up. Whichever comes first," he said, flushing the toilet and banding his arm across it so that he could rest his head on something.
It wasn't until a few hours later that John woke up. At first he wasn't sure what had brought him back to consciousness, and then he heard the whimpers from the bedroom. He jumped to his feet, trotting down the hall and pushing past the door to find Sherlock obviously wrapped up in a nightmare.
"Now... that little girl is turning three in two days. And her father needs to be there. You weren't being selfish John, Sherlock knew that, everyone does. But if you do this John Watson... then you really are being selfish. Because it isn't just about you... it's about her."
his mind taking a second longer to process this, still a bit slower than normal. He let out a breath, looking at John. "K-Katherine?" he asked quickly, eyes scared.
John smiled, resting his hand over Sherlock's bump. "Yeah, probably. I'm assuming that's a trait taken after me," he teased, nudging Sherlock's thigh with his knee. "You're taller, but you're not made up of much." He chuckled to himself, poking Sherlock’s ribs, which didn't have any space between them anymore since he had been eating.
children. He had to know they were safe, then he could focus on other things. But until he saw them, he couldn't talk himself down.
Sherlock hummed a little when he was helped into the cab and John left, resting his head against the glass window, looking out tiredly. He glanced over when John got back in, checking for a moment that it was actually him. He swallowed when the cab started to move again, his eyes slowly pulling shut as they were moving.
John turned, smiling up at Sherlock and reaching up to squeeze one of his hands for a moment. "Yes, we are. God, it's been over a year." He sighed, closing his eyes for a moment, just cherishing the fact that he never had to go back to Afghanistan and that he was finally out of the hospital and heading home.
John shook his head adamantly, chuckling softly. "I'm really not a huge fan," he said, knowing he had always wanted to change his middle name. "I'd rather call him James. That's the English version of Hamish." He leaned his head over against Sherlock's, closing his eyes. He didn't understand how he could be tired after sleeping for nearly twenty-four hours, but there it was. But damned if he wanted to sleep.
John kept staring at the kitchen door, his hands in his pockets. "He needs this, Harry. He needs to talk to someone, and he isn't talking to me, because it's probably
John shook his head, though he knew she couldn't see. "No," he said quietly, looking back towards the hallway. "No, they're sleeping. I... I need to talk to you, because I can't talk to Sherlock about it." He swallowed, resting his forehead on his knee.
Katherine was watching Hamish bounced on John’s stomach, a squeal coming from him. “Hamish is funny,” she said, letting out a breath. “When’s he stop being a baby?” she asked, looking at Sherlock.
John closed his eyes, nodding. "Alright," he whispered, rocking Sherlock gently in his arms. "Come on," he said after another short pause, "let's go to the living room. I want to wait another hour before we leave." He gently eased Sherlock from his lap and stood up, holding out his hand to his mate. Sherlock thought he was being moved far too soon, but he stood up off of the bed and took John's hand, standing close to him.
"Sherlock, please, you have to trust me." John moved so that he was crouching in front of the boy, reaching out to cup his cheek gently. "I'm not going to let anything happen to you, alright? And I will never, ever let you anywhere near an auction house again."
Sherlock dressed himself up and ran his fingers through his hair, looking back at John. "H-how do I look?" he asked.
He moved up the stairs slowly, letting himself into the flat and hanging up his coat. After a glance at his violin case he retrieved the test from it and walked slowly to their bedroom, lingering in the doorway of it as he looked down at John. He cleared his throat softly, biting his lip as he stepped inside and held out the box.
"I'll go with you," Sherlock said again. "And whenever you go again," he murmured quietly. He wanted to be there for John. There were few instances in which he felt he could.
Sherlock sighed, leaning against John and wrapping an arm around his waist. "I love you too... and you're building the damn thing," he murmured as Katherine came back out. She looked almost on the boarder of yawning, but managed to shove it back down, looking at the biscuits on the plate.
Sherlock half shrugged again. "I don't know, there are other things we could be doing were it not for the holes in me right now... but, another time maybe," he said with a small smile, determined to get John to do so as well. "And well... I could always just throw on some eyeliner later," he said.
Sherlock hummed in agreement. "Yeah, feel a bit better," he said with a nod. He looked over at John. "Not quite what you were expecting coming home though, I'm sure. You ever wish you were back there?" he asked softly, knowing he was just causing trouble for John. At least there you knew more about your enemy, and you had everyone around you working for the same thing.
For what seemed like the first time in a long time, Sherlock didn't wake up feeling nauseous. He pulled his eyes open, hearing a nurse in the room, scribbling away again. He let out a breath, feeling small fingers wrap around his wrist and pick it up. He blinked, turning to look at her.
After a few minutes, they got out, Sherlock handing the driver his card to run really quick, and then he led John out of the cab.
Sherlock winced a little, looking at it. "You're forty," he said, wiping the towel down his back. "You're hot, and I mean that in a not good way," he said quietly, wetting down his towel again. "Do you want to go to the hospital?" he asked. "John, tell me what to do."
"Yes well our last meeting was... not the best," he murmured. He'd been shot, and had killed a man. He swallowed, letting out a breath. "Why can't you just leave it alone?" he asked softly, walking across the living room, further from the hallway and John.
John laughed, tickling Katherine's sides. She squealed again, bouncing up and down and grabbing his nose. "We definitely need to work on your manners, you spoiled little thing," he teased, poking her nose with the tip of his finger.
"Why wouldn't she?" John asked, as if the question was ridiculous, which it was. "You're her father, of course she'll like you. One nice thing about kids is that they aren't born with negative opinions. They love what makes them happy and dislike what upsets them. And you won't upset her." He squeezed Sherlock's hand tightly, tipping back another swallow of beer.
"It pertains to my kicking his arse later," John said, taking the watch from Sherlock and rolling it over in his hands. "What do you think it means, this?" He held up the watch a little. "Study it but... for what? To what end?"
Sherlock swallowed, looking at her and the ease at which she curled up with John. Sherlock could smell her, still a mixture of both of them and her own scent as well, but it was more John now. He glanced up at John, not able to hold his gaze for long before looking down again, ashamed still.
John obediently stood up, toeing off his shoes and crawling under the thin blanket, lying down beside Sherlock with his head on his shoulder and his arm lightly wrapped over his swollen-but-deflating belly.
Sherlock stood up and steadied her, only having to take one step to scoop her up. "Well done!" he said. "Aren't you clever?" he praised, and Katherine giggled, her fingers closing on Sherlock's hair.
John grinned, helping Sherlock to take of his jumper. He let Sherlock toss it aside, much more focused on the Omega in front of him. Lifting Sherlock up by his thighs, he scooted him back onto the middle of the bed, pushing his shoulders down and crawling up after him. He kissed slowly down his chest, his hands working at the button and zip of his trousers, massaging his hardening cock through them.
"Take him into the other room. Get him ready," the auburn-haired man instructed, wiping off his hands as if he was the one who had just done the killing. One of the men holding John jerked on his arm, pulling him away and through a doorway.
Sherlock smiled softly down at Katherine, moving his eyes up to meet John's. "I think...we should, see about calling someone," he said, knowing John would know he meant a therapist. He looked down at Katherine pointedly, then back up to John. They all needed one really, at this rate.
Sherlock looked up at John. "My scent hasn't started to change has it?" he asked, wondering if that had happened yet.
"Getting there," he said. "Better enough to come home." he said, walking into the living room where a small cry drew his attention and pulled at his heart strings.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand again. "Love, if you're not going to relax even a little and just breathe, I'm turning around and we can spend the next week at home." He came to a stop at a red light, looking over at Sherlock with raised eyebrows. "You are alright."
John growled, fisting his hand in Sherlock's hair and pushing his head down until his forehead was resting on the mattress. He thrust into him harder, his knot filling rapidly at Sherlock's desperate begging and the fluttering of his muscles around John's length. "Fuck," John swore, wrapping his hand around Sherlock's cock as he thrust into him entirely, burying his knot before it swelled up completely, Sherlock's feverish body clenching around him as he came.
"Then just ignore it for now," John suggested, taking the watch back and setting it on his nightstand. "Come to bed. You'll think of it, I promise." He reached forward, all of his anger forgotten, and took Sherlock's hands in his. "Just come to bed, love. No need to fret about it right now. You can do that in the morning."
"But I won't be here for a while, and I want you to talk to Daddy, okay?" John asked, stroking his thumb over her cheek. "Daddy won't be going anywhere," he promised. "I'll tell him that he needs to stay home with you, alright?" He had to laugh at Kat's question about the baby. "It's a bit like magic, sweetie. It just grows there. That's just where babies come from."
Sherlock nodded, the hand on his face shaking. He reached up with his right hand and covered John's, steadying it slightly. "’m real," he confirmed with another nod.
Mycroft met John's eyes, staring as if studying him, which of course he was. "That was a very good answer, John," he replied after a couple minutes. "Perhaps, then, we wait for now. I think it best that I leave, see to it that that matter of business is taken care of," he said, talking about the auction house. "We'll need to place the Omegas there into proper Omega houses or hospitals if they need it and such. And I think it better that I am not here when he wakes up; I can't be certain he's still not bitter towards me," he said, looking almost fondly at Sherlock. "History and all that," he said, looking back at John.
Sherlock looked over at John, leaning towards him a little as the cab started towards Bart's. "You know I... I've actually only been in the A&E and the Morgue of the hospital. I haven't been anywhere else in there, other than my rooms, but it's not as if I remember going there, I'm usually unconscious," Sherlock noted quietly.
He gasped, coughing a little as the alley seemed to shift and he was laying on the cold ground, his vision going a blurry around the edges.
They hadn't been careful, Sherlock's heat had snuck up on them, and he'd been so preoccupied with the case he'd forgotten about emergency contraception. And then he'd been shot, and had been on all that medication... god, what if he just ended up losing it? What if he was going to lose it anyway after everything that had been done to him? After what he'd done to himself? Then how would John feel about him?
Sherlock hummed, smiling against John's lips before nuzzling his neck a little. They were there for several more minutes before he heard the beginnings of crying from the living room. Sherlock sighed. "Time for a change I guess," he murmured, sitting up and pulling on his dressing gown. "I think I've worked up a bit of an appetite," he murmured, smiling at John before walking down the hall to tend to Katherine.
Sherlock looked at John, swallowing thickly. He nodded once, lying down as well. He curled into a small ball, how he normally slept, glancing up at John occasionally. It had been three days since he'd taken the compound, perhaps he just needed more time.
Sherlock glanced up at John, blinking a few times. "You... you didn't have to... th-thank you," he said, not sure what to do with that. What it even meant. He supposed that he could leave, but he could have done that anyway.
John dipped his head in acknowledgement, running his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "You're welcome. And I'm twenty-two." He studied Sherlock's gaze, pleased to see a spark of interest at the mention of the lab.
John wasn't surprised when he found himself getting lost in the melody. Sherlock was amazing with that instrument, better than John had ever been with his stupid clarinet that his mother had made him play in school. He sighed lightly, his eyes closing after a while, letting the song lift him up and down with its tune, only looking up when Sherlock paused his playing.
I left the hospital early today. We haven't gotten any new patients because of the lock-down, so I'm sitting in my room right now, armed to the teeth.
John reached out and brushed softly at Sherlock's hair, his own growling stomach reminding himself that he hadn't eaten in over two days now.
John growled, biting down on Sherlock's neck to hold him down while his fingers quickly worked at taking of Sherlock's bottoms and pants. He tossed them to the side, quickly taking off his own before moving his way down Sherlock's body, marking him with scratches and bites, bruising him, marking him. Claiming him. "You're mine," he said, managing it without sobbing. "You're all mine."
"She's due back in a week or so, but by that point I'll want her to myself, trust me. Feel like she's been gone for ages," Harry said. "Soon though, I hope. Her schedule is really unpredictable," Harry said with a small nod.
John threw the plates harder, faster, until he ran out of people to think about and all he saw was himself. He collapsed to his knees, not really registering the pain of it, and broke down, heavy sobs raking through him. He bent forward at the waist, one arm banded around his stomach, pounding his shaking left hand onto the floor and squeezing his eyes shut. "They're all gone," he sobbed, his voice building into a scream. "They all bloody died!"
"You are to say nothing," John said, turning and pointing his finger at the consulting detective. "To anyone," he added, just as a safety precaution.
Sherlock huffed, looking up and glaring at John. "That's the point!" he snapped. "You're the only thing that I give a damn about! And I'm not going to run you off the road too!" His breathing was a bit irregular, and his gaze softened slightly but he still tried to pull away.
"I promise." he said. "She's one of the most important people in my life, I would die for her...I did die for her,” he said quietly, rolling onto his side and curling up. "I wouldn't just give up on her, ignore her when she doesn't have anyone else. You could have a bit more faith in me...I don't mind starving myself, but I wouldn't starve our pup...not when you want him so much."
John raised his eyebrows at the second present, not expecting two. He took it, smiling over at Katty as she ripped open another present, this one containing dolls and furniture for her house. Opening up his own package, he tipped out a camera box, beaming over at Sherlock. "Thank you, love. Really. It'll be nice to actually have a proper one."
It was the first time he'd seen himself in what felt like forever. He had a bruise on his right cheek, and his hair was much longer than he liked it to be. He was thin too, and that was by his standards.
John had the creamer in hand and was heading towards the eggs when he felt something prick his neck, like a bug bite. But when he reached up to feel what it was, he was met with what was obviously a needle. He pulled it out, stumbling sideways a little into one of the freezers.
“Slip of the tongue,” Sherlock said quickly. “Just understand that the world is perhaps not as narrow in it’s populace than you previously understood it to be.”
Sherlock leant his head up to try and steal up John's lips again, but he'd already moved them. He didn't move for a moment, but couldn't stop his fingers from trying to weave into John's hair, a smirk on his face, almost wondering what John was going to do about it, and finding curiously enough... he almost wanted him to.
"What do you want, Mycroft?" John asked, lifting his chin defiantly and continuing to gently comb his fingers through Sherlock's hair.
John made a disgusted face, but somehow managed to continue eating. "Sherlock, that's gross. The fridge is not a good place to keep body parts of any kind. They should stay at Bart's."
"What? Don't like me talking?" he mumbled so as not to disturb her hand. She cooed, hitting her hand against his lips again and spreading out her fingers. "You're as ridiculous as your daddy, little one," he said with a smile, and then he lost her interest and she was off staring at something else.
"I don't know about years." Sherlock said, standing up and carrying Kat into the kitchen. "She should be getting her first teeth in about five months or so," he said. "So maybe a little over a year," he murmured, sitting down at the table. He stabbed up a bit of pasta and chicken, popping it into his mouth one handed, still bouncing Katherine gently with his left arm.
Sherlock let out a breath, knowing Katherine was due for four shots in about a month. He set John's hand down on Katherine's chest, because he couldn't stand to hold her down as Maria started. Katherine screamed, her small face pinched in displeasure as she flailed her fists. Sherlock tensed up, wanting to scoop her up right then and there. Maria finished quickly enough, putting a fresh diaper on the infant.
John sighed, tucking the tan shirt into the camouflage trousers and then walking over to Sherlock, taking his hand that was on his shoulder and kissing his knuckles. "Decided to go visit his grave, too," he murmured, lowering his eyes for a moment before looking back up into Sherlock's, their fingers still laced together.
Sherlock took up a fork, and stabbed up some pasta, looking at his glass. "Actually, Angelo can I get some water?" he asked after the restaurant owner, to which the man nodded.
"You're allowed to ask questions, Sherlock," John told him. "Be yourself around me, please." He finished wrapping the Omega's wrist but continued to hold his hand, staring down at his knuckles.
They turned the corner and there was the hospital. John leapt out as soon as the car had stopped, lifting Sherlock up into his arms despite him being heavier, and all but ran inside, yelling for help as soon as they were in the lobby.
John gave a small smile, holding tighter to Katty's hand. He knew she only got this quiet when she was really worried or upset, and she hadn't been like this for a while. "I'm not going anywhere, baby," he promised, opening his eyes for a moment to look up at her. "I promise you, I'm not going anywhere. Papa will always be here to annoy you and make you eat your vegetables," he teased as best as he could.
"Katherine, swallow your food, you'll choke," he said with a soft smile, looking at her. She nodded, swallowing her food and looking at John.
, the killer got rid of it, he might not have been as careful, could have left prints. He slipped up once, what's to stop him from doing it aga- aha!" Sherlock said, climbing into his fifth skip, pulling out a bright pink rolling case with his leather-gloved hands. He grinned, hopping out and hailing a cab. "Home. Need to go through this, and then think," he said.
Katty sniffled a little, smoothing down John's hair carefully. Her face was pinched in nervousness and she pressed close to Sherlock. He winced a little, as she was on his right side, but said nothing. He started to stroke John's hair carefully too. "We really need to stop going to hospital, John; they're going to just keep a room on hand for us eventually," he murmured gently. He leant over and pressed a small kiss to Katherine's head, not liking how quiet she was being.
Sherlock was walking back to his flat when the wind brought the scent to his attention. It made him stop where he stood, nearly to Baker Street, and he lifted his head. That wasn’t right though, he wanted to say impossible, but he never used that word, not with the life he’d lived. He took off after it.
John reached into his pocket for the painkillers, tipping one of the white pills onto his palm. He poured tea into one of the mugs as well, smiling happily when he noticed that it was iced tea. How Mrs Hudson always knew, he wasn't sure, but he was glad for it.
, but still. But you don't need to hear all this. I want to hear about you, where haven you two been? I see you once, and then... nothing," she said.
"I'm alright, Misha," John murmured, taking his son's dry hand and waving it a little. When Sherlock came back in, John handed Hamish off to him, scooting down the bed so that he could lie down. "Should be doing this anyway," he said quietly.
Sherlock didn't sleep the whole night again, his face buried in John's pillow, though by the next morning it hardly smelled like him anymore. He didn't get out of bed for most of the day, either, no alarm making him, no one to tell him to eat. He heard his phone go off a few times, but it wasn’t his email alert noise, and he knew John couldn't text from where he was.
They went to Sherlock's parents grave... the next day going to John's friend’s after a breakfast of chocolate and coffee. Before Sherlock could even think about how much had happened in the last year they were a few days shy of Katherine's first birthday, and John's of course.
"John?" he asked, stepping inside. He tapped on the curtain. "Can I join you?" he asked quietly. "Are you alright?"
"John... you should… you should be resting..." Sherlock said quietly, picking up on John's agitation and... anger.
John sighed lightly at the sight of Sherlock asleep, but he smiled. He gently picked up his head and shifted into the bed, setting Sherlock's head on his chest. "I love you," he whispered, wrapping his arm around him and slowly drifting off to sleep.
Sherlock smiled, setting John's bag of belongings into the seat next to her and hanging the bag with his and Katherine's clothes on the handle. "Let's go then," he said, holding an arm out for John.
"Just calm down, Sherlock, we'll find them," John said, slowly pushing himself out of the tub and putting his bathrobe on. "When was the last time you used -- oh, hell, they're not still at the cabin, are they?" he asked, his eyes a little wide as he glanced down at Sherlock.
"There you go, sweetie," John murmured, stroking her hair and running a finger down her cheek. He let her finish the bottle and then burped her, walking back out into the living room to sit in his chair and hold her, Katherine shoving her fingers into her mouth as her head rested on John's shoulder.
Sherlock shivered when John's hands didn't move, stealing his warmth. He hummed when John kissed him though, accepting the apology. "Get into a snow fight with me... I won't miss," he said, looking over his shoulder at Katherine, who was pyramiding the biscuits on the plate. His eyes widened. "That won't do," he said, detangling himself and walking over to Katherine.
"Always." John squeezed back, leaning over to kiss him. "I love you, you know. Forever and ever, and probably beyond that, too."
John shook his head, standing up and walking over to the corner of the room to turn on the radio, twisting it to a classical station. "It's not just moving," John insisted, stepping up to Sherlock and pulling him gently off of the bed, cradling him against his chest. "It's expression. Like you with your violin."
Sherlock hummed as he was pushed back gently, he sighed softly as John eased off his shirt. He stepped back and sat on the bed, looking at the needle. He blinked, flicking his gaze up to John. "I trust you, yes," he said quietly, swallowing thickly. "A-always," he murmured.
"I'll look at your side when we get back," John said, reaching out for the boy's hand, unable to hold off any longer. "Right after you take some painkillers."
Sherlock let out a breath, nodding once and staying quiet. John needed to sleep, possibly more than he did.
Sherlock looked up at John, watching him move over to the bench. He waited a minute, then got up from the swing, walking over towards John and sitting on the bench. "I know," he said, looking over at John. "I know why you don't want to John, but understand that... I want to because... because you were here another year. And it was time that I got to have you back," he said. The year mark would be coming up soon. Of Sherlock's being sober. Of John coming home. Of them becoming bondmates. So many things he wanted to be special.
John shook his head. "Not since her first text, telling me that they were going away for a couple of weeks. I'm assuming they're having a grand time," he said with a wink, reaching over and running the back of his fingers down Katty's cheek. "Unusual amount of snow this year," he commented, staring at the accumulated inches. "I don't really mind, because Katty loves it, but if we get any more, they'll probably shut down the transport systems."
John looked down at the bottle carefully, before pulling out a couple capsules and swallowing them, draining the entire glass of water. “Mm…thanks,” he hummed, looking at the man, who had sat next to the bed, his eyes still glued on him. He shifted a little in the bed, not sure what the man was looking at.
Sherlock heard the shower turned on, and rolled onto his back, looking at the ceiling. He looked towards the bathroom door again, then rolled over, trying to fall back asleep, but all he could do was focus on the sound of the water pouring in the next room.
Sherlock huffed a breath, and then nodded. Not happy in the slightest, but then he wouldn't be either way; Katherine was sick. "Alright... fine then just... can't you give her something to make her more comfortable?" he asked, walking over to cup her head, and pressed a small kiss to her warm forehead.
Sherlock let out a breath. "Perhaps... but can we still go out tomorrow? Do something at least; you can maybe… show me the lab. We can do something else, too, maybe," he said, not sure what it was people did really.
Sherlock woke up a couple hours later – needing to use the toilet again – pushing himself up sleepily and padding down the hall. He ruffled his hair a little, turning to look in the mirror when he was done, looking at his stomach. He sighed, walking into the bedroom to pull on his dressing robe. He didn't really bother with clothes half the time these days unless he had to. He yawned, shuffling out into the kitchen to find something to eat.
"S'fine," Sherlock murmured quietly, leaning his head on top of John's. He didn't want the rest of their time together to be so miserable. John made it seem like he thought he wasn't coming back, and that wasn't something he needed to be thinking about. Not at all. Because if John thought he was going to die then he might get careless, might not fight. Then he really wouldn’t come back.
John blinked slowly at Sherlock, on the verge of asking him how he was feeling when he noticed where his eyes had fallen. John glanced down at his shoulder, wincing in memory of the pain that one stupid bullet had caused him. He placed his hand over it, covering it up, before looking back up at Sherlock, all the words he wanted to say dying on his tongue.
Sherlock blinked a few times, sitting bolt upright in the cab, his flushed face worried, eyes wide. He looked at the driver, and then to John. "J-John did... did you ever get those... suppressants?" he asked quietly, worried. What if he hadn't? Sherlock's heart sped up at the thought.
"God, I love you too," John whispered, running his hand down Sherlock's stomach. He nuzzled lovingly against his shoulder, kissing his skin. "Rest, now, love. You need it."
John rested his hand on Sherlock's knee, stroking up to his thigh. "It's all instinct," he assured him quietly. "And I'll be there to help, remember. You're not on your own through this, not ever."
"I think Lestrade's pregnant," he said, dropping the previous subject, though it was still nagging at him. He was going to get an ulcer from worrying so much.
Sherlock stayed sitting on the bed, listening to John bustle about the kitchen. It was odd, hearing someone around the flat again.
Sherlock hummed. "Yes... I am," he said with a small grin. "Alright... we'll strip the bed first, then shower, then do you mind doing the bed up again while I check the call?" he asked, kissing John gently. He ran his thumb over John’s cheek, smiling at him.
It was awkward, especially going down the stairs, but they eventually half-stumbled out onto the pavement, making their way over to the ambulance.
"Yes, love," John whispered once Sherlock had fallen asleep. "Of course I'm yours." He stroked his fingers through Sherlock's hair, rubbing his hand down his back. He got a little warm after a few hours, shifting a bit to reposition Sherlock in an attempt at cooling down.
Sherlock sighed; good, home. He wanted to go home. Though he'd be going home in pyjamas, because that's what he'd come in.
John sighed, knowing that he needed the sleep, but he was tired of these stupid night terrors and nightmares. He rested his forehead at the nape of Sherlock's neck, pressing his mate closer to him. "I know you're here," he said quietly, feeling Sherlock's heartbeat below the palm of his hand. He closed his eyes after a moment, just breathing in Sherlock's scent and letting it relax him. "Wake me up when Mum drops off the kids," he mumbled before drifting off to sleep.
“How long have you been here?” Sherlock asked, looking at the blond, his slight form. He was wearing nothing but a pair of trousers, even his feet were bare. He knew how long he'd been there of course, clear from the sight of him.
realise that that's what Mrs. H, Harry, and Mum are for, right?" John teased. "I'm sure Harry's going to want in on decorations. Mum's going to be planning everything, probably in coordination with Mycroft. All we're going to have to do is watch the kids and try on our tuxes, and then when the ceremony starts, I'm sure Mum will watch the munchkins, too."
It was almost a full two hours later when they pulled John out of surgery. The surgeon had him sent off to a room, asking another of the nurses to go and fetch his family.
"It's Detective Inspector Lestrade," she explained. "Please, tell him what you told me. I asked him to come down but he won't without you telling him."
"I would complement you on your deduction, but sadly I'm almost certain Anderson could figure that one out," Sherlock said, not at all as an insult to John, but rather at the obviousness of Sherlock's reaction to the messages. "He's just being useless is all," he said.
"Look, love, you can have caffeine again," he teased, setting Sherlock's mug closer to him on the counter.
"I know," John whispered, his voice long past broken. He clung to Sherlock, unable and unwilling to let him go. "I'll kill him if he comes near you or our children. And it won't be a quick death," he said blankly, hating the part of himself that could say that without blinking or flinching and mean it wholeheartedly. "He's not touching you," he whispered, his voice firm.
"It's beautiful Katty girl, thank you," he said, hugging her as he looked at John. He stood up then, setting Katherine down as he walked over to his coat, pulling out his old magnifying glass and carrying it back to the sofa.
"Oh! Sorry," she said softly. "Just thought I'd take this out for you," she said in a small whisper, gently pulling out his IV and placing a plaster over it. "There'll be a small bit of paper work to be done, and then you two can go," she said softly before leaving.
Sherlock froze on the bed with a sigh, holding still as John looked at his incision. "It's fine," he murmured quietly. He winced, hissing a little as John cleaned it.
vain really, but there were certain things he was particular about, and stretch marks were not something he wanted either.
John shook his head minutely. "White daisies and baby's breath, with red and gold carnations," he told her with a small smile, and he watched with a close eye as she made up the bouquet, writing a small card without signing his name and then paying for the flowers. "Thanks," he said, leaving the flowers with her to be delivered.
John took Sherlock's hand and pulled himself to his feet, most of his pain driven down to a dull ache. He followed Sherlock from the room, his hand still closed around the Omega's.
Sherlock swallowed, taking the pill and swallowing it down with more tea. He nodded a little. "Um, yeah, a bit," he said.
Sherlock watched John move up the steps carrying a limp Katherine and eventually worked himself up off of the sofa. He picked up the small bag, pulling out the bottle of pills, reading the label before shaking two in his hand. He swallowed them dry, slowly hobbling down the hall. By the time he got to the room he could hear John's steps following him. He turned, looking down at the filthy trousers he was still wearing.
Katherine beamed, nuzzling gently back close to John. "Papa thinks a few more months Katty, but I'm going to talk to Papa's doctor, see if we can't get him home earlier on house arrest." Sherlock said.
"I won't." Katherine whispered, a giggle rising out of her. She raced up the steps and hung up her coat on her hook, hearing a noise in the bathroom. She blinked, then looked down the hall towards the bathroom, "Daddy?" she called.
P.S. Tell Katty that I loved her drawings, and that I look forward to all of her others. She's getting better.
John sighed a little at the fresh blood seeping from Sherlock's wound and the crusted blood that covered the stitches. He would have sworn, but, well, Katherine was in the room. He reached down for the med kit at the foot of the bed, popping it open and bringing out some gauze and more rubbing alcohol and gently started cleaning the wound.
Sherlock shut his eyes, too tired to contribute much to the kiss. "A crying, demanding little pink thing isn't going to give much cause to relax," he mumbled, leaning drowsily against John.
There was a long pause on the other line as Harry tried to string together what her brother just told her. "Shit," she said, "I...John that's not...that's not fair. They sent you home. You're home now," she said. "I mean that's...that's great about Sherlock, really but...I thought, that your shoulder...that you couldn't go back?" she said, stunned.
Sherlock never made it to NSY, but rather just to the cafe downstairs. He sank into a booth and wove his fingers up into his hair. He let out a shaky breath, looking up at the ceiling and wondering what John was thinking. He'd known... how had he known? John didn't deduce things like that – it just wasn't something he did. But then perhaps he'd just picked up the uncanny ability from his mother.
John looked at Sherlock in horror, his stomach rolling at the thought of Sherlock being branded. "Oh. My god," he whispered, not really knowing what else to say, just lifting his fingers to comb through Sherlock's hair. "I'm so sorry, baby," he whispered, leaning down to kiss him gently.
Sherlock leant back into John, closing his eyes as more tears escaped them. He let out a breath. "I want... you here," he said, realising how stupid he must sound, talking to a rock. Even if his parents were alive, his father probably wouldn't want to be around; his mother though... she'd wanted grandchildren someday, she would have stayed.
He was nearly done when he smelled it, and the scent threw him. Human, obviously. But it was different somehow.
To say that Sherlock didn’t find John a distraction was an understatement; however, for the first time, Sherlock discovered it to be the kind of distraction he found welcome. He was keenly aware of the tethering the moment he had fed from John that first time. Amazingly enough, even as they fell into a routine, he felt it more and more and he was sure that was from John. Humans had less keen senses after all for the most part. It wasn’t reasonable to expect John to feel it in the way he had.
"No," John said firmly, climbing into bed and situating Katherine on the outside, so that she could get out easily if she had to. "You’re sleeping in here and that's that. Lay down." There was no room in his tone for argument, and he wasn't past hitting Sherlock if he disagreed with him on this. He was tired and concerned and stressed, and by god, Sherlock had better listen to him.
"Right..." he sighed, looking at the watch. "Do you want me to give that to him? And tell him what about it?" Sherlock stirred in his arms and John nuzzled against him, murmuring nothing to him to ease him back to sleep.
"Substantially less than the rest of them though," Sherlock mumbled. He rolled over to face John, looking at him. "I'm sorry for all this," he said quietly. "You getting hurt, just... all the trouble," he said. "And now a bomb, which I'm sure doesn't have anything to do with me, but you got hurt and..." He shook his head.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, then padded out into the kitchen, rationalising it as finally eating something after a case, but part of it being near John's scent again. It made him feel almost small again, like before he had built up the walled fortress he currently resided in.
Sherlock sighed. He figured they would probably keep John for observation overnight, so he settled into the chair. He jumped at every noise, always feeling like someone was just outside the door, though a couple times there actually was, but it was just a nurse coming to check John's vitals.
Sherlock settled onto John naturally, feeling like he was sliding into place. He sighed, resting his head on John's chest, "Mm...much better indeed," he murmured softly. "This will go away, this problem...then everything is okay," he murmured, taking a breath. "I'll have your scent, you'll have all of ours," he murmured, nuzzling close to John. "And you'll be so much safer now...hospital." he reminded himself, comforted by the knowledge.
"Calm yourself, young Dr Watson. I assure you, I mean him no harm. As for that detestable place, it will be in ruin by this evening as I have had say in it," the man said, his gaze moving back over to the bed.
Sherlock half wondered why it was that John was even still there, but he didn't ask, oddly finding having an Alpha around comforting.
John let out a breath, eternally grateful that Harry wasn't crying. He walked over to the couch and sat down, leaning back against the cushions. "Where's Clara?" he asked, smiling a little at Kat, who was still hugging Harry.
I don't want the details...well I do, but I don't think I could stand them. I just know what I see on the news, and I pray...I pray John, that it's not you. I don't even know who I'm praying to...but I just hope someone hears it I guess. You've reduced me to someone who's bordering on desperate spiritualism. Me. I miss Katty, I miss you. Perhaps I should have gone along but then I wouldn't have my email, my phone doesn't work out there.
John felt his knot receding and pulled out slowly, placing a multitude of soft kisses to the back of Sherlock's neck. "Come on, let's go get cleaned up," he murmured, pushing up from the bed and holding his hand out to Sherlock.
John nodded slowly, turning his head to kiss Sherlock's palm. "Alright," he murmured, knowing what bad place Sherlock was referring to, even if he hadn't been here for it. "I'm sorry," he whispered, taking Sherlock's hand and leading him into the bedroom.
John smiled, though it was wavering and thin. He took the tags from Sherlock's hand and slipped them back over Sherlock's head, settling them over his shirt on his chest. "No," he whispered, holding his palm over the tags. "Keep them. Stephen would get a kick out of it anyway." He squeezed Sherlock's hand back, then let it go, limping a little as he walked back to the closet and took out his boots. He tucked in the bottoms of the trousers and laced the boots up over the top of them. "Alright," he said, straightening and walking back over to Sherlock, "ready when you are."
"Besides, I'd have thought the way most did it was to take a bondmate first, and I don't really see such a thing happening to me so..." Sherlock swallowed, trying not to think about his oncoming heat. "As for when...
"Here, switch sides with me for a minute," John suggested, letting Sherlock move back before he lowered himself onto Sherlock's side of the bed, facing him this time. "I want to hold you this way," he murmured, settling his hand on the Omega's hip and then sliding it over his back, nuzzling against his neck and then his hair as he scooted closer until they were nearly pressed together.
"It looks wonderful Katty," he said, glancing over at John with another smile. He carefully undid the ribbon and tore the paper off of the box. He lifted the lid of the gift box and let out a breath. Inside was a magnifying glass much like the old one that he had, which was worn and scratched a little on the lens. This one though was engraved with his initials. He smiled, pressing a kiss to Katherine's cheek.
John made a noncommittal noise, pushing up onto his elbows. "I could probably handle soup," he said, smiling slightly and reaching out to brush through Sherlock's hair. "Not going to burn it this time, are you?" he teased, leaning over and kissing the mark on the back of his neck, having to push down his shirt a little to reach it.
Sherlock swallowed, watching carefully as Katherine settled on the bed next to John, eyeing the bandage on his neck nervously.
"Presumed dead, not actually so. Nothing to deduce," Sherlock said, not mentioning what happened in the lab, not sure where that had come from. He tucked that away, running his left hand over his bandaged up right one.
John flinched when Sherlock landed hard on his side. "Damn it, Sherlock," he murmured, reaching down to gently pull him up into a sitting position. "Molly! Can you get someone down here, please?" He waited, knowing Molly was still around, and eventually she trotted into the room, pausing on the other side of the threshold.
Sherlock hummed, snaking his arms carefully around John, minding his injuries. He nodded a little, pressing a small kiss by John's ear. "I know..." he said, pulling away a minute later. He smiled softly, pushing away the thoughts of
"Heyheyhey," John whispered quickly, sitting Sherlock up and forcing him to let go. He moved behind Sherlock, pressing against him so that they were still close, and then forced his head between his knees. "Breathe, love, breathe. I don't care if you start screaming. Anything his better than this," he whispered, nuzzling the back of his neck and kissing over their mark. His own chest was tight, but Sherlock came first--Sherlock always came first.
John jerked his head to the side, pulling at the ties that bound him to the chair. He took in Sherlock standing in the doorway, so close, yet so far. He wasn't sure if he was happy to see him or not, knowing that Moriarty was somewhere nearby.
"Damn right you're going to see us; we'll want to see all of you." she said. "Christ...are you sure that you shouldn't tell him? He might find out..." she said, shaking her head. "We'll help him, well mum will definitely," she said quietly. "For how long this time Johnny?"
as a real thing. As a real thing with a name, that was going to be theirs. He smiled a little. "I like it... s'nice," he said, looking up at John and tracing John's chest a little with his fingers. He sighed, relaxing a bit more. "Know what would be really nice as well?" he asked quietly, looking up at John.
Second year of school, they spent nearly an entire three weeks on it. His eyes widened, John walked into the kitchen, stopping in the doorway and looking at his bondmate. "Sherlock?" He swallowed, finding it difficult to get the question out. "Sherlock, are you... are you pregnant?"
Lucian looked over at him, quirking an eyebrow and immediately pacing over to him, his eyes encompassing his full predatory Alpha nature. "You have no idea, do you?" he whispered, stopping just in front of John and grabbing his chin, tilting his head up. John could fully appreciate the man's height at this angle. "No idea what you got yourself into, that first time you served in Afghanistan. No idea, how huge that last mission was that nearly ended your life. You really don't know anything. Just as clueless as I had hoped." He immediately lunged down, connecting their lips in a sloppy kiss that John fought to disconnect.
John wrapped his arm around Sherlock's waist, nuzzling against the back of his neck. "You're alright, love," he murmured, kissing his heated skin. "We can have pups when I get back, if you want to," he whispered, nipping at the skin behind Sherlock's ear. "Just as soon as I bond with you."
as to think that I don't care and am just going to let you walk out of that door by yourself?" John was barely keeping from yelling, and he pressed harder on Sherlock's shoulders. "After saving you from that... that horrible place, after going to Afghanistan and having to leave you, after coming back here to find out that you... I'm not letting you leave without me."
"Good," John said, though it came out as more of a whimper. he slowly crawled backwards on the bed, lying down on his back and pulling Sherlock on top of him. It was the same way they had fallen asleep before he had left last time, and he had made it home then. He would make it home this time as well. "I love you," he whispered again, because he couldn't say it enough. "I belong to you," he said, tracing the chain around Sherlock's neck that held his dog tags. "Don't ever forget that, and I won't either."
Sherlock smiled, cuddling close to John as they watched Katherine. She was pleased as punch by the Rubik’s cube in Sherlock's sock. Perhaps John thought he was being funny, knowing full well the damned cubes were something Sherlock had trouble with. Katherine wanted to play with it though, liking the colours, so he obliged, and she took it to the table, sitting it on her lap as she ate.
A small noise almost like a cry came from Sherlock when he felt John knot, unable to stand it anymore as he finally came. His body clenched around John, his fingers digging into his back slightly as he cried out.
Sherlock blinked a few times, looking at the small ultrasound photo. He swallowed, glancing up at the doctor, and then to John. Sherlock felt something in his chest tighten a bit seeing John's face, how much he
"Shh, shh," John soothed, wincing and suppressing a groan as he kneeled down beside Sherlock. "Hold out your arm," he instructed, and he was glad when Sherlock instantly obeyed. He injected him quickly, the medication having to be given intravenous because he would throw up anything else. "You're going into heat. Stupid flu seems to be tumble-weeding a lot of things, hm?" he murmured, resting his forehead against Sherlock's shoulder and setting a hand over the incision on his stomach.
Sherlock looked down, nodding a little. "I know I'm yours," he said quietly, letting out a breath. "And I don't want to go anywhere; I want it to be just us, and not have to worry about this," he said softly.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, holding him tightly and rocking him slowly. He didn't realise he had joined Sherlock in crying until he sniffed, and he quickly reached up to wipe the tears away, nuzzling against Sherlock's hair and kissing the top of his head. "It's alright," he whispered, cupping the back of Sherlock's head to hold him close. "You're doing well, love; everything's alright."
John stood behind him, ever the vigilant and annoyingly protective Alpha. "Little more than a year. She probably won't walk until she's nearly two," he said, looking out over the park, wishing that it was filled with laughing kids. "Christ, and then school. I don't think I'm going to want to let her go to school," he murmured, resting his hands on Sherlock's shoulders.
John arched an eyebrow, tilting his head with curiosity. Another military man. "How long did he serve and when was he discharged?" he asked, wanting to know as much about him as possible. Strategically, he knew that the best way to take down the enemy was from the inside, and that meant knowing them.
Katherine was sitting on her knees in between her Papa's legs, leaning against his chest and looking at Sherlock. She sniffled a little, looking at Sherlock steadily. She shrugged a fraction, hiding her face in John's chest for a moment. Why was something this big left to her? She huffed a sigh, looking at Sherlock and holding out her hand. "Katherine Nicole Holmes," she said quietly, with her manners like Papa liked her to.
Sherlock blinked. "Of course," he said, furrowing his brows a little. "Of course I'm alright, and that's good, about the job," he said with a small smile. "Should get out of your chair," he murmured, standing up and walking into the kitchen. He pulled out a couple cans of soup and started opening them, dumping them into a pot. "Got some bread in? Should be fine for tonight," he said absentmindedly as he busied himself, needing to
Screw doctor's orders, he wasn't staying in bed. He hobbled down the hall as quick as he could and found John in his chair. He felt his heart break again and he walked over to him. "John?" he asked softly, wondering what had happened in the dream, no doubt something different than Afghanistan. Sherlock had given him much more to have nightmares about. "John, it's okay. I'm here... and you're here," he said quietly, standing by him, waiting for any indication of an invitation to curl up with him.
In theory it was a perfect plan, Victor had sufficiently broken Sherlock down, made him dependent on the drug, a bond would have been the topping point that made Sherlock stay with him, loyal if not loving. "B-but... can't double bond. I still had you, even in that horrible place," he said quietly, touching the mark on his neck, which was partially someone else's now, though not as deep as John's had been. "You... s-saved me," he said quietly. "Again."
Sherlock grinned, getting up and following John out. He wrapped an arm around John's and held it close to himself, looking at all the people passing by them as John hailed a cab. He slid inside with a small sigh, leaning up against John when he did the same. "Mycroft didn't even come this time... did he? I know he always comes when I'm unconscious, but I can tell. He stayed away this time," he said softly.
John looked back at the screen. "I'm so sorry, Sherlock," he whispered. "I need to go. I love you so much. Tell Katty bye for me."
John noticed the change in Sherlock's temperature, not surprisingly more in tune with him now. "Shh, love," he murmured, unwrapping Sherlock from the sheet so that he wouldn't be so warm. "Rest a little longer," he whispered in his ear, stroking his fingers soothingly down his back.
Sherlock swallowed, pushing those thoughts away for now. "Mm love you," he murmured, starting to doze off again as he slowly calmed.
Sherlock let out a breath when John got up, padding down to the kitchen to get John more water and to refresh the cloth. He moved back into the bedroom, waiting for him. "When you're ready... I want you to drink this. You have to rehydrate."
Sherlock looked down at his knee when he felt John's hand on it, glancing over at John as he pulled his hand away, not looking at him. A small smile tugged at the corner of his mouth before he looked back out the window.
John hummed. "I'll call Dr. Chase, see if he can stop by before Easter instead of after, then, so that we can stay as long as we like," he said, glancing over at Katherine where she was sleeping heavily in John's chair. "Or, at least, until she needs to be back in school." He sighed, looking up at the ceiling again. "And you and I are going to take a weekend here soon, as soon as I can move around properly. Mum can take the kids and you and I are going to disappear for a while."
Katherine sighed laboriously and slid out of the wheel chair, dragging her bag with her and taking John's hand. Sherlock picked up the other bag and carried both out, leading the two of them out to hail a cab. He ushered the two of them in and settled in the seat, squeezing John's hand. "Finally going home," he said with a sigh. He hated hospitals, especially when it was John in them for anything other than work.
They sat quietly on the sofa for a while longer, Katherine sprawled out on their laps, still snoozing. John was watching Hamish chew on one of his fists.
"Mmm," Katherine whined sleepily as she was woken up, rolling a bit in John's arms and burying her face in the crook of his elbow. She sighed, then lifted her head, blinking dazedly, sleep in her eyes. "Mm...Papa?" she asked, yawning a little. "But was..." another yawn, "reading 'bout Bilbo..." she said, stretching.
Sherlock blinked, coming back a little to the flat when he heard John speak. He lowered the instrument and the bow to his side, looking down sheepishly.
Sebastian watched Sherlock, surprised that he had turned up. But then, Jim had said that he would, and Jim was rarely wrong.
Eventually everything thinned out and they were surrounded by snow covered fields and small buildings. He looked over at John fondly, watching him watch the road. "Did we bring everything we need?" he asked quietly after they'd been driving for a while. "The... erm, inducers and such?" he asked quietly, feeling a little nervous about taking those as well. The last time he had... that hadn't been a fond memory.
John woke with a start, throwing off the covers and stumbling out of bed before he really even registered what time it was. Sherlock was gone, Sherlock had left, and he needed to follow. He changed clothes in record time, not even caring what he pulled on, and then he was down stairs and out the door, hailing a cab and demanding to be brought to Bart's – the only place he could think that Sherlock would be. Katty was with Mrs Hudson, so he didn't worry about her. She was fine, they were fine. But Sherlock...
Sherlock groaned as John nudged him to his feet. He climbed out of the tub, sitting on the edge drowsily.
Sherlock looked at the cup and the small bowl of soup and wrinkled his nose a little. He didn't feel like eating, his stomach feeling… well not bad, but off. He pushed himself up a little, leaning back against the headboard.
Sherlock moaned, nodding again, hoping that by agreeing with John he might be rewarded with something,
Katherine sniffled a little, slipping her thumb into her mouth as she stayed curled up on her Papa's lap, hair sticking to her forehead.
Sherlock shook his head. "I don't...it doesn't feel fake," he said, straightening up more and walking along with John. He rubbed his hand over his stomach again, feeling the kicks, feeling her shift. "John, she's moving..." he said, trembling a little, scared now.
John hadn't meant to start crying, but he soon found himself wiping at his eyes, smearing his tears across his cheeks to evaporate later. "Oh, god, I'm sorry," he gasped out shakily, smiling through the screen at Sherlock. "I just miss you so much."
John paused as soon as he saw that Sherlock was asleep. He closed his eyes for a moment, gathering himself, before his kissing Katherine's forehead and disentangled himself from her, crawling out of bed slowly and quietly. He grabbed his gun and his shoulder holster, as well as two knives, before slipping from the room. He only left a short note in the kitchen, telling Sherlock that he would be back soon, and asking him to please stay home, and then he was gone, shoulder holster in place and the safety off on his gun. He didn't know if he was being watched by the man with the auburn hair, but he hoped so, because that was who he was volunteering to talk to as he walked out of the flat and onto the pavement, catching a cab, which he only took for a short distance before getting out to walk, making him harder to follow.
Sherlock looked John over, using a cane, intermittent tremor in his left hand, his leg wasn't injured though, shoulder... left one. Limp psychosomatic then. He looked down, realising that the way John was looking at him, the others didn't look at him like that. They took that as how he was, but John saw him before that. And Mycroft knew him before the accident. They both knew he could have done better, only Mycroft doesn't expect it like John seemed to.
"Mmkay," Sherlock mumbled. "Mmkay..." he repeated, wetting his lips as he started to slip again, eyes pulling shut.
John smiled, nosing under Sherlock's jaw and slowly starting to move inside of him. He pulled out halfway and sunk back in, moaning and pressing his lips to Sherlock's pulse. He repeated his movements, looking up at Sherlock before he sped up, his fingers twining in Sherlock's hair, guiding their lips together.
Sherlock hummed a little, shifting a small bit after John pulled out. He swallowed, blinking his eyes open. "Should... should both eat. Drink something... read 'bout it... after I presented," he murmured; they hadn't even eaten today.
Sherlock shrugged a little. "Just an observation, nothing more," he murmured, though a small smile tugged at his face.
John forced himself to stay in control of his emotions, not wanting to break down in front of Sherlock. "A week," he murmured, his voice so low that he could hardly hear. "No matter how I do on the test tomorrow, I'm being shipped out in a week."
Sherlock nodded silently, still poking at his food a bit. "Best just to give up the endeavour altogether, I think," he said quietly, picking up his roll and nibbling on it, hoping to encourage John to do so as well.
Jim sighed dramatically, stepping forward the last couple of metres and yanking Sherlock forward. "Very touching, Johnny, but Sherlock's
"Come here," John murmured, rolling on top of Sherlock and pinning him to the mattress. "I love it when you beg for me. I love the sounds you make," he said, his voice low and rumbling, mirroring what Sherlock's usually sounded like. He rubbed their hips together, his eyes fluttering as their cocks brushed together. "I'm going to drive you crazy," he promised in a whisper, nipping at Sherlock's earlobe before slowly making his way down, brushing his lips and teeth over his mate's milky skin, sucking bruises whenever he thought to.
Sherlock hummed at the gentle tug, leaning into the kiss and twining his arms around John, ducking down to scent his neck. He sighed, leaning against him for a moment, perfectly content. "Where?" he asked, his heart starting to speed up more. Wouldn't be long now...
"Hey, Katty girl, it's alright. Papa just has what you had last night. One of those things that go around really fast," he said quietly. She sniffed a little, looking at the door.
Sherlock rolled over slowly, not wanting to jostle John. "It's okay... couldn't help it," he said quietly, looking at him. "It's fine, though, now... it's all fine," he said, suddenly recalling exactly where he'd put John's gun.
John chuckled a little, linking his arm with Sherlock's and leaning on him a little. He hadn't been out of bed in four days, and it had worn on his muscles, had made them weaker. It would take a couple days to get back up to strength. He walked with Sherlock through the corridors to the lobby, then stopped him and told Katherine she should get down. "Come on, Katty, you can hold my other hand," he offered.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, lost in thought. "He's busy, the auctions were only a portion of his business. Perhaps not even his, if he helped in the trafficking then perhaps he got a cut. With more and more of the houses being shut down that could be putting a dent into his business, and is looking for areas to branch out into more," he said.
"No, I think it's best if we just surprise her with it," John replied, feeling his knot recede, but he didn't slip out of Sherlock because of the position they were in. "Yeah, we can go shower," he murmured, easing Sherlock off his lap and then slowly standing, holding his hand for Sherlock to take.
Sherlock's jaw was tense as he looked through the glass, the few handlers and Alphas behind the one-way mirror seeming to be looking at him, though he knew he wasn't visible.
Sherlock looked up at him, then shrugged. "You're the one dead on your feet," he countered. "I wore those jeans for months, and it wasn't as if they were washed that thoroughly either," he said with another shrug. "We can go if you like," he said quietly.
" he whined, his voice small and shaking as he flinched a little, cramping once more. His head was fuzzy, and he couldn't think save to cling onto his Alpha as if he might disappear.
Sherlock's arm moved a little, feeling the suddenly empty space next to him that was cooling. He shifted a little, stirring slightly. "Mmm."
John made a low, possessive noise in his chest, rolling his tongue over Sherlock's nipple and grazing his teeth across it. He nipped the sensitive skin before sucking it between his lips. He braced his weight with one hand, sliding his other down Sherlock's side, hooking behind his thigh and hitching it up higher. He pressed open-mouthed kisses across Sherlock's chest, giving equal attention to his other nipple and then moving his lips down, grazing his teeth over Sherlock's ribs.
Sherlock yelped a little, but the sound was cut off as his air was. His eyes were wide and he struggled as much as he could, pinned beneath John. John had never pinned him like this, not like
"’What happened at Lauriston Gardens? I must have blacked out. 22 Northumberland St, please come.’ Those words exactly," Sherlock said. "Thank you," he tacked on.
Sherlock whined, that wasn't fair...they had to see it though, when he got there, got a gun in his hand, they had to see he wasn't fit for duty. "I love you too John...always, my John." he said. "My John...and they're never taking you away, just don't you dare say that like you're saying goodbye," he said, biting back a sob.
Sherlock then tore what remained of the man’s bloodied shirt from his torso, wiping down his side, now free from any wound, nor sign that it had been there. His eyes moved up the slight frame, and started to read the man. Slightly under weight, not eating, his eyes had had bags beneath them, though those would likely disappear once the blood worked its way through the man’s system.
Sherlock looked back towards the window. "Been working on a case, NSY has it all wrong of course. Been a few days, something else is going to happen, or it's going to happen again," he said.
As soon as John showed up at the hospital, he was pushed towards the operation observatory room, his instructor standing behind him as John assessed the scene and quickly scribbled down what he would have done if he were the surgeon.
Mindy shook her head, smiling softly as Kat spun the bracelet. "You don't thank me," she said softly, cupping Sherlock's cheek and patting it gently. "That bottle is a home remedy, and not many people know about it, so don't go telling people about it."
"Here, come on, sit up. Take this and then I want to get a little broth in you before you go to sleep again."
"It's November," John said plainly, as if that explained everything. He narrowed his eyes, leaning up and setting his hand on Sherlock's forehead. "You're running a fever. Probably from infection." John switched over to caretaker mode, leaning over to kiss Sherlock's cheek. "We'll be home in a bit, and then I want you to put your pyjama bottoms on and crawl into bed, alright?"
"There he finally understands. But oh, what do I want with you? Why not kill you? Is that what you want to know?" Lucian grinned, leaning down and pulling John's head aside so that he could trail his lips down the side of his neck. "Because you are going to be my new chew toy," he purred, pressing his thigh between John's legs.
He looked at Sherlock, brows furrowed slightly. The man was rather pale, his dark curls and bright icy eyes setting off stark contrast to his pallor. Something around the ring of his iris’ caught his attention, an almost silver looking glint. He hadn’t seen it on someone before, but then it must have just been some odd genetic trait. What else could it be?
"Now Katty, Papa's coming to the park with us, but he can't run around and play just yet alright? Maybe this summer, hmm?" he asked, making sure she understood. Katherine nodded.
"You're here though... so that’s good," Sherlock said, pressing an open mouthed kiss to one of John's small pink nipples. He nuzzled his head against John's chest with a contented sigh before he heard a noise from John's stomach. He titled his head up, looking at John. "Think we should try eating something a little later, hmm?" he suggested softly.
"There's nothing to understand, or talk about," Sherlock said simply. "I'm sure this is just some overreaction. I've gone through what I'm sure many would rightly classify as a trauma, can't expect me not to act irrationally. At any rate, you'll find out sometime next week after your test tomorrow is graded. You'll pass of course, and then they'll make their decision based on your performance this week," he said.
It didn't take too long to cross London, and soon enough they were outside the flat. Sherlock saw the large box and smiled a little, heaving it off of the ground. "Get the door? I have something for you," he said.
He looked up when Dr Maria slipped back into the room, seeing Sherlock lying there with red-rimmed eyes. She smiled softly, bringing over the IV stand and expertly inserting a new IV into John's other hand.
Sherlock was curled around his belly, which was how he slept now, on his left side, curled protectively around the bump. Well... bit more than a bump now. He slept for a couple hours, before his face pinched a little in worry, a dream.
"Is it?" he said with a smile. "I might never have deduced so much, thank you, Katherine," he said, helping her out of her coat and scarf.
John eased his fingers through Sherlock's hair for a few moments, smiling to himself as Sherlock nuzzled against him. He finally drifted off to sleep, settling down into a heavier one than last time. He clung tightly to Sherlock even as he slept, reminding his subconscious self that Sherlock was here and they were both safe.
Sherlock plastered a smile on his face, holding a now pouting Katherine. He forced himself to lift his hand and give an almost non-existent wave to his mate as he looked at them again. Before he disappeared. He stood there for a while, holding Katherine and bouncing her gently. They watched as the plane took off, carrying him far away from them both. Katherine, who seemed to pick up on the gravity of what it meant for John to go away started crying softly, saying she wanted Papa back already. It broke Sherlock's heart and he cradled her close to him as he carried her back to a cab, rocking her all the way home, murmuring how he wanted Papa back too, but that he would write and they could skype and that Papa was going to come back soon. He had to believe this...
John rested his forehead against Sherlock's, feeling his knot recede and pulling slowly out of him, almost collapsing onto his back beside him.
Sherlock swallowed and then nodded, following along with John. He sighed, looking around the street again, starting to feel a little anxious.
Katherine wailed again, drinking down the water and spitting into the toilet. "T-took medicine!" she whined, coughing a little and staying curled up on John's lap.
Sherlock hummed, settling down on John's lap and leaning back against his knees. He sighed softly, only slightly self-conscious about the bulge in his stomach, which was practically at John's eye level now. He nodded a little, lifting himself up on his knees a bit, ready. More than ready,
Sherlock sighed a little, sitting back against his bed now that it was sitting up. He looked down at John's hand, resting where Sherlock's had been moments ago, as he continued to wolf down his chips.
The driver sensed the urgency and got Sherlock there in record time, and he climbed out of the cab, almost forgetting the bag.
He slid off his chair and onto the rug, setting Katherine down on her stomach. She fussed a little, trying to lift her head and adjust herself slightly. "No, apparently tummy time is important, so you'll just have to get used to it," he said. Katherine turned her head slowly, John's foot grabbing her attention. Sherlock looked up at John. "I read it strengthens their neck and back muscles," he murmured, rubbing Kat's back a little.
Sherlock nodded, standing up and shaking her hand quickly. "Thank you," he said, shifting a little on his feet and licking his lips. He hesitated a moment, glancing at the ultrasound machine again before starting for the door, pulling it open and stepping out into the hall with John in tow.
John chuckled softly at Sherlock's antics, grabbing his fork and stabbing a piece of the chicken, biting into it and chewing it slowly. "Don't like pineapple, huh?" he teased gently, mocking stealing one before he twisted his fork and stabbed another piece of chicken instead.
Katherine's face scrunched up against the light and she rolled onto her side, curling up next to John's hip and mumbled something incoherently. She blinked her eyes open after a minute, rubbing at one of them and looking up at him, brows furrowed. "S'today already?" she asked quietly, sitting and stretching sleepily. She clambered up onto his lap, straightening her nightie before snuggling close to him, sniffing a bit, her nose still stuffed, cold coming on slowly so far, as she coughed occasionally. "How 'bout jus'stay in bed today?" she asked. "Don'want Papa to go."
John’s dog tags were jostled while he changed tops, and he pulled them out of the collar of the jumper, sitting down on the bed to study them. Wincing slightly, he pulled a stack of papers from the trousers he had just taken off, looking at Sherlock's letters and finally settling on the list of names and birthdays. He wrote down the members of his team, which he hadn't yet got a chance to do, and just stared at the list.
"Don't know about you, but my legs don't really feel like working much after that," Sherlock mumbled, rolling onto his left side to face John. Still, he made himself sit up more on John's side of the bed, scooting over carefully to the edge of the bed.
That was the plan, and all in all John considered it a good one. He would get to do what he wanted to do, after giving a couple years of his life. It all seemed to move so fast though, schooling, training, and then before he knew it he was having a farewell party thrown for him, promises of going out for pints when he got back, claps on the shoulder, toasts to him and his health.
Sherlock was dragged back from the numbers and calculations in his head, looking up at John. "Of course," he said. "Yes."
Sherlock thought about that, picking up the glass just to shake up the waitress a little and then moving it towards John. He ordered a chicken plate and waited for John to order food as well, because he
Sherlock gasped, crying out a small bit as John slammed into him. His eyes rolled back in his head and he reached down with one hand to try and stroke himself, needing the friction. "Please...John I can't...reach," he said, moving his arm to weave around John's arm to try and take himself in hand.
John smirked, lifting his hips up in slow, long movements, keeping his hand on Sherlock's hip to steady him. "No time," he said simply, pushing his movements a little faster. "Christ, you're gorgeous," he murmured, gazing up at Sherlock with an openly unguarded expression.
"She's like me..." Sherlock murmured. "Only, she's able to read and deduce one of the few things I can't. Emotions. I can predict what someone might do, but knowing if someone is angry with me or what they are thinking... it's harder," he said.
Sherlock hummed, nodding a little as he huffed out a small breath. His shoulder ached a little at the pinning, but it was barely anything, and it... god, it almost felt good. He shifted a little under John, lifting his hips a bit to lean up into him. "Yes..." Sherlock breathed.
John pushed his way into the bedroom, smiling softly at Sherlock, taking in his adorably rumpled hair and slightly flushed skin. He lobbed the bottle toward him, making sure it would hit the mattress if Sherlock decided he didn't want to catch it.
Sherlock flinched, looking down in shame. He swallowed. "I... I didn't choose it," he said quietly. "For a couple months, John, I... I wasn't me. Nearly went mad, I… I pursued one of the targets that had information on one of Moriarty’s associates and ended up shot in the leg, and in a river. He was killed of course but... anyway. Managed to get to shore but I blacked out," he said quietly.
"John! Been a minute; how've you been?" Mike asked with a smile, gaze moving over to Sherlock. "No way... is that the same Omega that you got at the auction... looks a right sight better doesn't he?" he asked with a smile.
Sherlock swallowed, setting aside the bowl and taking up the plate with toast, tearing it into small pieces. "When is it that you are leaving?" he asked steadily.
Sherlock let out a breath, nodding. "Guess it's habit now," he said quietly. "That's all I ever did, fret. Worry, I'm surprised my hair didn't grow out grey like Lestrade's when I stopped colouring it," he said with a light laugh.
"You knew you'd be going and would have been fine going if not for leaving me but... it's fine. I'm not going anywhere, so... so please don't be so worried?" Sherlock asked.
John shrugged, combing his fingers idly through Sherlock's errant curls, letting himself get lost in their texture for a moment. "Whatever you see that you like. There's a large store that I know of, and I used to shop there until I started fancying jumpers." He smiled kindly at the Omega. "Anyway, they've got a large selection, a little bit of everything. We can get you some shoes and two or three outfits to start."
Sherlock smoothed down Katherine’s amazingly soft curls with a small sigh. "I know John, I know," he said, looking up at him. "That's why I think it's something else doing it; you wouldn't regress this much otherwise. And it's not even regression, like you said, they’re worse than they ever were. Something has to be triggering it, something not you," he said. "You wouldn't be getting worse on your own with so much good in your life," he said softly, rocking Katherine more.
Sherlock watched John as he stood with Katherine, turning his attention down to Hamish when he started fussing. Sherlock went about changing him quickly on the bench, pulling out a changing pad and a fresh nappy. He then reached into the bag and pulled out a pre-made formula bottle, pulling the seal off it and shaking it up. "It's not warm, but we're roughing it for now, yes?" he murmured, feeding the hungry pup. Hamish grabbed onto the bottle greedily with both hands holding it practically by himself; it was smaller than the bottles at home so he could manage it.
John was quiet for a while, his hand still pressed against Sherlock's chest. "What happened?" he asked softly, his lips brushing against Sherlock's neck when he spoke.
John didn't want them to leave. He wanted to keep holding Katty, he wanted to hold Hamish again. He wanted to hold Sherlock, injuries be damned, but he knew he couldn't do any of those things. "I think visiting hours start at eight. But you should probably give Mum and Harry some time," he said softly, reaching out for his hand. "I love you," he whispered, lifting his hand to press a kiss to the back of his knuckles. "Goodnight, Katty girl. I'll see you tomorrow, alright?" he said, turning to his daughter with a smile.
Katherine nodded, looking at the bow-tied clad man with a fez in her hand. "Yes." she said, "He helps." she said quietly, sitting down in front of her doll house and setting him inside. "Keeps everybody safe," she said, adjusting some of the furniture inside the house. John nodded, tucking his knees up to his chest and wrapping his arms around them, resting his chin on top so that he could watch Katherine.
John smiled softly at Sherlock, brushing his knuckles across his cheek fondly. "Why don't you try to get some rest? I'm not going anywhere, I promise." He drew his hand away and sat back in his chair, still holding onto Sherlock's hand. "I'll wake you if anything important is going on, otherwise I'll let you sleep."
"That's not what people usually say," Sherlock murmured, not offering more on the subject. “Had we met under other circumstances, namely you not saving my life by buying me and then taking me to hospital... well then I'm quite sure you would not say the same. Few do." He hesitated. "None, in fact."
John smiled, turning to kiss Sherlock's neck. "Good," he whispered, running his thumb over the back of Sherlock's hand. "I'm glad you do. I want to take you out to dinner at some point. And Mrs Hudson hasn't seen you yet." He sighed, thinking about the rest of his family as well. "Harry's going to be pissed at you," he said quietly.
"Mmm... dunno, need more data," Sherlock mumbled lazily, his head resting heavily on John's shoulder as he fell asleep again.
John looked up as the car slowed, clenching his teeth when his head spun. Christ, he had better tolerance than this. He thanked the driver when they pulled to a stop and then got out, fumbling with the key for a few seconds before he finally got it.
Sherlock didn't so much as voice this, nor show it. It was hard enough for John as it was. He let out a breath, tired, but nowhere near being able to sleep.
John walked over to Sherlock, wrapping his arms around his middle and untucking his shirt, sticking his cold hands against his back. He wondered if his present was a bit much, but really, he knew that the little cottage was something he had wanted for a long time, and he wanted to share it with Sherlock. There was another present that was "to Daddy," a combined effort (Katty had picked it out; John had paid) of John and Katherine to get Sherlock a new bow for his violin. He bit his lip, nuzzling against Sherlock's shoulder and holding him close.
John was led to a room straightaway, Mycroft already there, watching as they worked on John, getting him something in his IV to counteract the drugs in his system. "We're on this John...my people were already on their way when you called, which is why they got there so much quicker," he said, looking tired almost. He looked at his phone, letting out a breath. "Sherlock will be fine; I'm leaving here to go check on their progress. He'll be sent here for recovery and I'm sure you'll stay," he said with a nod. "You've every right after all..." he said, looking up at him. "I was harsh with you before, but know that I was only looking for his best interests. I worry about him... constantly. And now you, apparently. You'll both be under surveillance. When you leave, the flat will be watched. You won't see us... and pay us no mind. Our only hope of catching him is if he gets close again, and we
He left out the bit where he himself might be about to be attacked; he wanted John to be the priority, and Sherlock knew Mycroft. He would go to Sherlock first.
"I did not tell him you were alive, John. Perhaps you should realise that my brother is damaged, most likely irreparably so. A little more than a week of what normal could be with you in between everything that has happened to him cannot hope to fix him. He built something somewhat stable... and now, what foundation he had seems gone," Mycroft said, turning to look at the hospital room door.
John hummed quietly, glancing over when he heard something plastic on the floor, seeing the bucket and nodding up at Sherlock. "Thanks, love," he whispered, closing his eyes again. He reached out for his hand, squeezing it gently. "You can sleep again if you'd like. Don't have to do anything more for me."
Sherlock looked the knives. "You were just out of practise," he said quietly, walking over and instantly wrapping his arms around John's middle, resting his head on John's shoulder and taking a deep breath. "You throw and shoot straight if you ever have to...pretend each one of them his him and don't miss," he said quietly, nuzzling at John's jaw.
"Um, just getting water for a pill," Sherlock said. It had been more than four hours. He grabbed a glass, and moved to the sink to fill it. "Oh and um... morning," he murmured. He supposed that was something people did in the morning – greet each other.
John brushed his lips up Sherlock's length, the touch the barest of teases as he pressed Sherlock's hips into the mattress, keeping him from moving. He bit sharply at Sherlock's hip, almost enough to break skin, and in an instant, he swallowed his length down.
He carried them into the living room, seeing John with the instructions out for a doll house. "Father Christmas can take the credit for this violin that she asked for," he said, remembering how much he'd smiled when he heard her ask Santa for a violin so she could play with her Daddy. She'd fallen in love with the instrument when Sherlock finally started playing again. "But I am getting her first
Sherlock looked up at John, his breathing a bit off already. "Did you sleep at all?" he asked, peppering John's chest with small kisses, making his way up.
John closed his eyes, laying his torso on the edge of the bed and hugging Sherlock's arm to his chest. "I'm so sorry, love. I'm so sorry." He wasn't going to cry, he wasn't. That's not what Sherlock needed right now. He rested his hand on Sherlock's chest, nuzzling against his palm and kissing his wrist. "I'll talk to the doctor about the pain, but the best way to fix it is mentally. Just try to forget about it."
Sherlock shook his head. "No, that's yours, I made it for you," he said quietly. He glanced up at John, sighing a little. "No I haven't eaten anything. I'm not hungry, and I'm on a case now anyway," he said quietly. "Transport can wait, I'm thinking."
Sherlock nodded a little. "Very perceptive," he murmured. "And I doubt anyone could hide anything from you for very long," he added quietly, rubbing his elbow a little against John's. He figured a change of subject was probably best, small talk. He could do that. "I'm sure it was interesting with any boyfriends or girlfriends he brought home," he said.
Sherlock was gulping for air, his breaths coming in short, frantic bursts. He'd held in everything for most of the week, not showing a single thing, not letting any of it out and now it was no longer threatening the walls of the damn he'd built around the motion, but it was spilling over, the cracks that had been forming growing larger. Now he couldn't hold it back, and he couldn't breathe, his head going light after a minute, hyperventilating between the tears, still clutching tightly at John.
Sherlock stayed laying on the bed, making himself focus on the pain in his side. One because he deserved it, two because it distracted him from the wrenching pain in his chest. He heard the door open and turned his head towards it, expecting to see John. Instead he saw one small eye not unlike his own and a bunch of dark curls hanging by the sliver of face he could see.
