John winced at the malice of Sherlock's words.
The nurse he'd ordered to keep everyone out met his gaze let out an exhale of relief. Smiling, she ran out of the room to get his mate. Omegas did better when near their alphas when delivering.
“God, you’re lips are lovely.”
"I'm trying now. I'm trying to start a life with you. All I'm asking is that you try too."
“Knew it was dangerous.”
Moriarty stepped away from John, unruffled his fine suit and looked up at Sherlock, “Westwood. Do you know what happens if you don't leave me alone, Sherlock? To you?”
“So stay with us as we bring you all the explosive action from a jam-packed day of top class tennis, keeping you updated with developments from across the courts all morning, afternoon, and into the evening.”
“Should I be?” John asked, taking the opportunity to run his fingers through Sherlock’s curls.
"On the lips."
Cold water and shock had been enough to force back the arousal. It was bad enough that the doctor could not have failed to miss his resulting condition, he didn't need him also thinking he had rushed in here to finish himself off, so to speak. He wasn't that... virginal.
“Tell your delightful agent that I already know everything, and not to think she’ll get anything past my
Again the doctor didn't respond.
He snapped awake, hands flying to his neck as he yanked himself upright and sucked in a deep breath. There was nothing there, no mark, no puncture, no pain even, just smooth, unbroken skin, and a hazy memory of what had happened.
There were words being said, and he knew he should be listening, should be understanding them, but it didn't seem to matter, because even he knew that what was being said wasn't nearly as important as the fact something was being said in the first place.
“And if I get it wrong,” he had asked. “What then? He could destroy me.”
The fingers moved, just slightly, flexing, bending and then-
He breathed deeply.
Where had it gone?
Four days. Three days. Two days. Yesterday.
“Happy birthday to him for that. Of course, the wins here will moved him up the rankings as well. World number eight, that’s not a bad birthday present.”
"Fat."
The doctor's giggle was adorable. "Good to know."
No, it couldn't be. He had to be mistaken. And yet everything and more brought him back to the same conclusion. He was holding in his hands, an example of the work of one of the most famous, illustrious, sought after violin makers that had ever existed. This violin, hidden away in a spare room in the Scottish Highlands, was the most exquisite instrument he had ever come into contact with. And it was worth thousands. Hundreds of thousands, in fact. Depending upon its age and condition, possibly even a million.
He was being left alone. There was only one way out of the room - the window was obviously too small to get through - but he was being left alone.
“Watson manages to get to the lob, but Holmes is there with what in the end is a simple put away. He’s now just one point away from taking the set, but we’re back on Watson’s serve.”
He cleared his throat, shooting the doctor a raised eyebrow as if to say, you, really?
Relaxed and light of step, John returned to the hotel and pondered what exactly to do next. Sherlock was still out, but having some alone time was not a bad thing.
"Kiss me."
He won; 6-4, 6-2, 6-4.
The hug was as large and encompassing as the greeting was loud and warm. Sherlock wasn't sure what threw him more, seeing the doctor willingly physically embracing this man, or the fact they knew each other in the first place.
It's the big quarter final match; Sherlock Holmes v John Watson.
The movement stopped.
There was the beginning of a smile as the doctor conceded the game. "They're mine," he said. "He hated them. Called them an affront to music and taste, but he still knew all the words to A Modern Major-General."
“What about dinner?”
Lowering the letter, Sherlock reached for the envelope. Three old photographs was not what he had been expecting, but the doctor was right about one thing, they were the final needed pieces of evidence.
The violin was beautiful.
And he ached.
He ran the towel once more over his face before dropping it onto his chair. Grabbing the spare towel, he made his way to his end of the court and swapped the towel with the ball boy for some balls.
"Yes."
“It’s Zhi Zhu’s turn to serve, while over at the Arthur Ashe Stadium the second set is about to go to a tie break between Dominika Cibulková and Svetlana Kuznetsova, with the unseeded Cibulková having taken the first set seven games to five. It could be all over there shortly.”
had been an argument he was not keen on repeating, even if it had led to the ridiculous bet and the even more ridiculously sight of long, gorgeous legs over his shoulders as he had vigorously shown his lover that there was life in him yet. Of course, that had only proved Sherlock right, but by god it had been a glorious shag, even if Sherlock had dragged him to the warm-up courts at some ridiculous time the next morning when he could have been taking advantage of the large, empty bed instead.
“Holmes forehand, and what a finish that is from Holmes.”
“Watson, this is you five minute call.”
The doctor's gaze flickered briefly. "I would hope so."
"The Norrmalmstorg Bank Robbery."
. And-"
"I get to choose whether we-"
It didn’t take long to find Greg afterwards, but he was a little surprised to discover it was actually Greg waiting for him and not one of the security guards.
He had, however, availed himself of the newspaper the doctor had been reading, minus the sports pages which had been used as kindling for the fire. The date matched what he assumed to be correct and according to the receipt he found on the floor under the table, the paper had been bought at 07:27 hours that morning from a service station near Stirling. While the confirmation of Stirling offered no real information - they were in the Highlands, Stirling was pretty much the gateway - the time suggested that the doctor had driven almost nonstop through the night. There was no knowing, though, how far, in both time and distant, they now were from Stirling.
At no point had he ever thought that a blunt, “Oh, good, you’re awake,” from his already conscious male partner would instantly have the day shooting high up his list of best birthdays ever. And the day had only just begun.
The doctor shook his head as his words faded out. "I'll just put the kettle on."
"No."
Four days. That was all it had taken. Four days.
look. The Mark IV was similar to the Mark III, but where the Mark III could be translated roughly as
Harry was dead then. Probably. At bare minimum he was long gone, but the most likely possibility was that he was dead. Sentiment. The doctor had described himself as a widower when he had moved to their village - although the true gender of his partner had obviously not been known. Mrs Fenchurch, for one, would not have been nearly as sympathetic towards the young doctor had she known that his lost love was a man not a woman.
By the gods John wanted to take him.
The second kiss was hotter and deeper, John’s hand sliding to Sherlock’s nape to keep him as close as possible. It was a surprise then when Sherlock caught his hand and gently started to pull away.
His words, I must confess, shook me to my core. Not because of the admittance of his interests, that - along with his intelligence and quest for knowledge - had held steady in all incarnations so far, but because of the vitriol with which he spoke.
The doctor's hair was still a little damp, parts sticking up more than usual. It was an odd detail to notice, but it was what it was.
"And then you'll let me go?"
Considering the pros and cons, he stepped out and pulled the door to behind him, before carefully making his way down step by step.
The doctor shot him an unamused look as the wooden tower wobbled for a brief moment, his hand stilling from where it was attempting to extract the wooden block. There was silence for a moment, then the tower started to resettle and the doctor breathed out. A moment later and he resumed his painfully slow easing out of the block, until it slipped out and with a flourish he added it to the top of the tower.
"Hmmm?" the doctor said.
read the first.
He ran his fingers across the gothic books. Harry's books.
My reaction was considerably less controlled and I can only assume my initial reaction to his words to have been one of a complete lack of composure.
"What do you know about systematic desensitisation?" the doctor asked.
He felt the doctor's surprise, then it was all heat, warmth and sensation. The gentle kisses of earlier were quickly forgotten for full on opened mouthed exploration that had him delving deeper in for more. He had a vague awareness of the smile he was kissing and the hands now both under his shirt, but they were secondary to the feeling of the mouth and body against his, the eagerness of the tongue that met his like for like. His awareness of himself was fading in favour of the sensations he was freely clinging to and sinking into. And he wanted more.
A bit of manoeuvring, they settled with him in front, caged in by the doctor's legs on either side of him. It was nice. The fire was warm in front of him, the doctor solid behind him.
; in his calculations; in his decision making in regards to the violin. He had considered it, thought about it, factored it in.
"Not so much," the doctor admitted as he slipped the records back into their sleeves. "He didn't so much mind slow dancing, but anything faster, I think, made him feel clumsy. Two left feet, so to speak."
had just done, hit him with force.
“You are unbelievable,” he said softly with a laugh and small shake of the head.
He had never wanted to be another person as much as he did then.
them. I know about your brother, but I don't believe I ever met him."
Irene’s gaze never wavered. “You are one in a million, John Watson.”
He rolled his eyes. "My brother. Constantly. 'You need to learn to wait, Sherlock.' 'Waiting is good, Sherlock'. 'No, I get to go first because I'm older and bigger and smarter, Sherlock.',
“Dinner, tonight,” Sherlock said, eyes fixed on his mobile screen as his thumbs danced over the buttons. “I trust that’s good with you.” Sherlock looked up suddenly with a slight frown as if it had only just occurred to him that it might not be alright with John.
To this end, I had hoped to spend a little more time than I had on previous occasions to thoroughly get to know the man Sherlock currently was. Sharing rooms would only aid in this. Unfortunately, I had failed to take into full consideration the man that he was, and as such the final decision was taken rather dramatically from my hands.
He could imagine Harry scribbling away, barely glancing up when John brought him a hot drink, only reacting when John slid into bed beside him, pressing cold toes to his calves.
He narrowed his eyes. "You're not concerned?"
“And the fact he’s become a new father?”
"Thought I'd get something to read for a bit." He motioned to the kitchen table where he had left all his books scattered.
Board Game: Mahjong – Mahjong is a tile-based game which was developed in China in the Qing dynasty. Similar to the card game rummy, Mahjong is a game of skill, strategy, and calculation and involves a degree of chance. It is commonly played by four players, but there are two player versions of the game. Mahjong is particularly popular in Hong Kong, where it is also cited as one of the reasons for Hong Kongers being the longest-lived people in the world. It strikes me as a part of Hong Kong culture Mycroft would embrace while he is there; tea and Mahjong.
"How-?" he frowned.
His brain clicked and suddenly the deductions rushed in quicker than he could consciously process, but they all pointed to the same thing with an obviousness that he couldn't believe he had previously missed; the wide eclectic taste in records and books, the alterations and missing pictures from the bedroom, the sheer number of two player games. The fact he was here in the first place.
A Stradivarius violin.
It was yet another example of mouth before brain, but that didn't stop it from being an important question.
Sherlock’s silence was frightfully telling.
But not yet. It wasn't going to happen quite yet.
"'Gentlemen', I informed them. 'I have no interest in taking forward what I know to any higher group or authority. Your existence is nothing to me provided you stay on the right side of the law. This individual, however, must be stopped. As our legal system is not equipped to deal with such a person, I can only strongly insist that this is sorted within your own community and as quickly as possible.'
He jerked, his thoughts flying everywhere as his surroundings came flooding back.
“Exactly. And that’s the difference between this Watson and the Watson of pre-Wimbledon. This Watson knows what it takes to win. He’s believing in himself again. He’s not rolling over. He’s not shrugging his shoulders and saying ‘oh well’. He’s not going down without a fight. Wimbledon proved that he has what it takes to beat the best. Now he believes it.”
It was done.
Still wrapped in his blue dressing gown, Sherlock had a copy of the New York Times spread before him, a partly drunk mug of coffee the only part of the breakfast he had so far helped himself to.
John raised an eyebrow. “Could make time for it now?”
Remember the game plan, Watson, he said to himself as he eyed his opponent across the blue of the Grandstand’s court. Keep him moving, challenge the backhand, and mix it up a bit.
Pressing his palm against the cold stone, he stared at the rough texture. This place had seen death, he somehow knew, but also life. Caledonians and Picts, Romans and Saxons, Vikings and Normans. One group displacing the last then being displaced themselves, but all through that something else, someone else.
“On the bed,” he said. “On your back.”
"That's it, just breath. Beautiful. So fucking beautiful."
“Zhi Zhu’s turn to serve. He knows he’s got to do well on these serves if he has any chance of coming back in this tie-break. He readies himself in that tight, curled style he has, and serves. Watson belts it back, down the line, and though Zhi Zhu got to it he could only get the ball into the net.”
They hadn't even been anything special, just hired thugs, humans tasked with hurting a forty-nine year old artistic academic for reasons they were never made privy to. And hurt him they had. By the time John found him it was already too late. The internal damage was too great, even for his healing abilities, and his hands, Harry’s beautiful artist hands, had been shattered and twisted beyond recognition. Even so, he might have tried, would have poured every ounce of healing power into his lover had it not been for the blood loss.
“Another ace there for Holmes as he holds to love.”
“Djokovic’s just taken the second set.”
He nodded and stepped out the house.
It shouldn’t-
"So where are we going then?"
A Stradivarius.
Then with a blink, Sherlock was on his feet, the vulnerability buried beneath action and hands cupped John’s face just a moment before lips met his. Sherlock’s lips were softer than usual, his mouth tasting minty fresh, and John couldn’t help but slide his hands round Sherlock’s waist, one over the gown, the other slipping in between the folds. The warmth of Sherlock’s skin, the movement of his body was all familiar, but no less welcoming, and he was willing to simply sink into it.
Wrong. Wrong. All so very wrong.
“Probably,” Sherlock conceded, “but it’s not that interesting. You already know the outline. We met, she seduced me, I stuck my hand up her dress. Usual story.”
"Yes," the doctor said with all certainty. "Of course," as if it was a given.
Throwing the covers completely off, he was relieved to realise he was still fully dressed, albeit missing his socks and boots. The air was surprisingly cool on his newly bared skin as he swung his legs over the side of the bed. His plan was to be up on his feet when the unknown person appeared, but a sudden bout of dizziness and faint nausea had him clenching tightly to the mattress edge even as a tap came on the door.
"So yes," he said with a lick of the lips and a tilt of the head, "amongst other things, I want to suck your cock."
Who was this man?
John snorted, but wasn’t going to complain now that Sherlock was putting his full effort into the seduction, quick kisses followed by longer, lingering ones, a quick tug on John’s ear lobe with his teeth.
It was what he was he had concluded he was willing to endure to acquire such a beautiful instrument.
love with me.”
Obvious.
"Dubhloch?" he asked cautiously as he buckled his seatbelt.
His thumb rubbed against Sherlock's hand. "But it wasn't supposed to be perfect. It was what it was. Nothing more, nothing less. Understand?"
He pulled his feet up under him on the chair and sipped at his drink. The warmth from the fire was nice. Relaxing.
“The sun is shining, the crowd are taking their seats and the players are on court going through the last of their warmup rituals. Watson won the toss and has opted to serve first.
Which meant going back out there. Maybe he had mistaken the doctor's meaning. Just because the other man said he wanted him didn’t necessarily mean he meant sexually.
Frowning, Sherlock did so, until with a small chuckle the doctor dismissed that too.
Sherlock Holmes was an arse.
That bastard.
The next kiss was surprisingly gentle, but prolonged, parting for air but never fully separating. The first press of the doctor's hand to his crotch startled him, light though it was.
Picking it up, Sherlock stared at the picture.
"Bits," Sherlock said. "A lot of it is still hazy, but I remember that you came for me. I remember you being there. And I remember it not being your fault."
“His mobile,” he said blandly, as if she should have realised that his partner wasn’t likely to be standing near him making breathless, decidedly feminine, high pitched sex sounds.
He put his mug down and consciously straightened his shoulders.
It sounded so simple.
“I’m supposed to be nice to you.”
I did now have my explanation as to why this Sherlock had not been compelled to forget the whole encounter. All debts between us discharged, indeed.
He could imagine the life that had once been shared, and now here he was, encroaching on someone else's space, in someone else's room, in someone else's bed, and he was
John blinked. “Hold on, you’re checking to see what clothes you’ve worn out to dinner in the past?”
I laughed, at least somewhat out of relief.
It could have been an hour, or two, or more, when the faster tempo of Motown and disco gave way to tired feet and noticeable hunger.
The doctor said nothing, just unlocked the doors and helped him stow his bag and brushwood.
For a moment the doctor didn't react, then he raised his eyebrows. "Prove it?" he said, a questioning tilt to his head.
The doctor said nothing.
"Harry didn't like to dance," he said, more of a statement than a question.
“Watson is a very strong position now, a double break up in this tie-break, but what can Zhi Zhu do to respond? Oh, and that was a lovely shot from the younger player. Watson barely got a racket to it.”
Music - Glen Miller - "Moonlight Serenade", "In the Mood" and "At Last" - because Watson is as smooth as.
"The gentlemen in question did not share with me their real names, but with word and business card confirmed from whence they had come.
If I had a word for it, I would call it providence that the first time we should meet in this life, Sherlock Holmes was experimenting on blood.
Sherlock hid a small smile as he turned back to the shelves. He wondered how long it would take the doctor to realise that the question had been asked in German and that he had responded in kind. The doctor was a man of surprises it seemed.
Twenty minutes in and he considered how much of a mistake this might have been. The going was slow at best, hazardous to his wellbeing at the least, and probably no easier than had he decided to go up the hill front. It was no tame, ordered forest of the likes he was used to. This was wild, tangled woodland.
Further movement. Steps around boxes and books, the opening of the wardrobe, cloth against cloth, pause, a puff of breath, further rustling, then the pleased exhalation of success.
"About you in specific?" he responded. "Beyond reasonable doubt, within the third month of you rooming here. Of the existence of your people in general, it has been a few years since I became aware of their actuality."
“Good point there from Holmes.”
Yes, Sherlock suddenly thought, that would probably be a good idea considering what was coming.
Four days ago he had used this bridge as a diversion, leaving the road for the river to hide his path in an attempt at escape.
The sun was sinking by the time he returned to the cottage. The door was locked but the spare keys weren't on the inside mat. Sherlock must have taken them with him. Yes, that was the sort of thing he would do.
Pursing his lips, John grabbed his drink before sinking into his chair.
"A fair amount," the doctor said. "It's all part of it. It's very... enjoyable, and I'm rather good at it." His smile was bordering on cheeky. It was a good look on him.
“True,” John said. “True, but, uh, next time could you do me a favour and just tell him to come and talk to me instead.”
It was nice.
He twisted his head round in surprise as he heard the familiar female voice.
“Ohio,” John said with a laugh.
The weight and warmth against him moved away and he was partially aware of the doctor rising to his feet, of the sound of running water, then the coolness of the glass as it was pressed gently into his hand.
"Why, the way your eyes dilated when you watched me prick my finger."
The words startled them both into silence. The doctor looked away at that, lips pressed tightly together, and then he started to laugh. It was more of a giggle at first, but then it was definitely a laugh, a full, contagious, body laugh. And then there were tears. Which again seemed to catch them both equally by surprise. And then the doctor was sinking to the floor, the sofa and armchairs apparently too far away. And he was still laughing.
He raised an eyebrow. "Just dance?"
"Of course," the doctor said, his face pulling into a frown. "You told me to."
The doctor looked a touch amused. "Properly? Alright."
"I confess I am unsure how best to broach this," I said. "Yet I must. So I will do it in the most direct manner, as befitting your expressed preference. Holmes, I am not entirely human."
The records lined up in the cupboard were much the same. Well-known pop from the sixties like The Beatles and the Beach Boys joined the classical likes of Bach, Paganini and Mendelssohn. Gaelic music stood next to Vera Lynn and Glen Miller. Jazz and swing slid into Motown. Although all clearly sorted by genre and then date, the tastes were surprisingly varied, and the rhyme and reason were harder to determine.
“Just a sec.”
Opening the door, he noted the closed door opposite before stepped out onto the staircase and making his way down at a steady pace he hoped would seem neither hesitant nor fearful.
“Watson discards one ball, but accepts the next one. Now, what can he do here to stop Zhi Zhu getting his fourth consecutive point and going a break up in this second set? Watson steadies himself and then serves. It’s good. Zhi Zhu returns, Watson forehand, Zhi Zhu forehand, Watson returns, Zhi Zhu reaches it, Watson with the half volley, Zhi Zhu gets it, Watson again, Zhi Zhu … and oh, excellent reflexes there from Watson at the net. He can’t have seen that one coming and yet he somehow managed to get his racket to it and he saves the break point.”
was worth the whole thing alone.
"'Since you are the only one currently aware or interested,' the second gentleman said slowly, 'what is to stop us from ending your existence rather than this individual’s?'
people he had come across.
“It’s your birthday.”
The hotel suite was unoccupied when John returned, but that was hardly a surprise. The match winner had considerably more interviews and press conferences to go through than the loser. They had also agreed it would not be worth one of them waiting around just so they could travel back together. So, knowing he was going to be alone for a while longer, John took his time in ditching his dirty clothes and tidying away the rest of his things. For a brief moment he was tempted to see if Sherlock had hidden any additional birthday surprises, but decided there was no way that Sherlock wouldn’t notice that he had been looking.
"You don't come in here much," he said, touching his finger to a thin layer of dust.
His current options, therefore, involved either getting into that room somehow, or taking his exploration outside. Curiously, he found himself unable to accurately predict the doctor’s reaction to either option. It was true that the doctor had been unexpectedly mild and open so far, but that still needed to be held against the fact the doctor had abducted him in the first place.
Momentarily unsure, he hesitated until cool fingers pressed expertly against his wrist directly over his radial artery.
“Fuck, yeah,” he breathed. “And if you ask why I might find it important that my partner’s mind isn’t being played with by a frankly detestable individual, then I’ll punch you in the face and call you an idiot.”
Finishing one piece of music, he shuffled the pages and moved onto the next.
Returning the violin to under his chin, he paused before then raising the bow. The notes were hesitant at first, but grew bolder with a subsequent down-bow.
"I'm happy to say that it is hale, healthy, and very, very responsive."
He didn't respond, just looked up warily as the door was pushed open.
I exclaimed at this, horrified to discover what situation my friend had put himself in, while I myself had been on another continent. It occurred to me that I could well have lost my Sherlock before even finding him, a thought that filled me with horror.
“It’s just coming up, but Zhi Zhu is about to serve to open this tie-break. Good return by Watson, Zhi Zhu forehand, Watson backhand down the line, Zhi Zhu forehand, Watson return, Zhi Zhu and it just bounces in.”
The boy was too far away now for him to feel, an obvious emptiness where the link had been.
He left the art in favour of seeing what else there was. Beneath a battered pipe and a Persian slipper that smelt of tobacco, he found a stack of books.
Oh, and John's birthday, of course.
The door opened again.
"There's no bow," he said, not bothering with a greeting or even with looking up from where he was on the floor. Even to his own ears his voice sounded a touch hollow.
It was the second time he had taken refuge in here this week. He was going to get a reputation.
See you for Part and Day 2.
After finding something to eat and checking the news, he grabbed his laptop to log onto his blog. Between the match tomorrow and his birthday, he figured that now was as good a time to tackle some of the comments and well-wishers.
Turning, he spotted both the box and the cupboard. Inside the first he found a curious array of board games, some that he recognised from his own childhood, some that he didn't; Jenga, Uno, Scattergories, Rummikub, Othello, Cathedral, Escape from Atlantis.
"Gods help me, I do."
, the text said before linking to a YouTube video.
Key in lock, the doctor paused in surprise, turning back to look at him.
Sherlock pushed that thought aside, uneasy as it was, and went back to considering the matter at hand, namely that regardless of how inconceivable it might have been a few days earlier, he was now likely to become willingly sexually intimate with the man sat opposite.
There was laughter, a few steps of a waltz and then an answer of sorts.
The doctor had busied himself around the room, first with the cooking, then with the clearing and tidying. Logs were added to the fire, a puzzle book picked up and later put down, a novel plucked from the shelves. The hours ticked by in relative quiet, until Sherlock made his excuses.
The doctor was laughing, then they were twisting around each other, then swinging each other round.
It was... much... so much... too much... not too much... not enough...
That might be nice too. With the doctor. But only with him. Touching and being touched. The doctor probably knew how to do things, things that would be nice. He could do that.
Biting into his banana, John chewed absently. In any other situation he would have been delighted to be a set up. He was delighted, but there was something else there was well.
"Your friend," Sherlock continued, "Adair, he's a Mackenzie."
He retook his own seat in silence, watching the doctor with some interest, until the need to ask the most obvious question overtook him.
He would have to keep it, hide it, take it with him, if need be, when he left.
I have, over the years, seen many sights and heard many things, but Sherlock's ability to surprise me somehow never ceases.
"Ah, yeah, no," the doctor said, straightening himself. "My middle name. John H. Watson. Not something I really use down south. What?" He trailed off.
The small smile undercut the seriousness of the words.
The doctor watched him for a moment longer before strapping himself in and carefully pulling back round onto the gravel road. He drove slowly, humming to himself as the stones crunched under the tires. There was no sense of urgency, nor was there one of anger. As limited as Sherlock was in understanding human emotions, the doctor continued to perplex him.
Annnnd that's the six parts. Next week is an interlude from Lestrade's POV, but this is the end of the first arc of the story. I hope you've enjoyed. And thank you for all the support, kudos and comments. :)
“And Holmes gets the break.”
Lifting his head, he looked round the cottage with new eyes, finally really seeing what was there and what was not. There was no television, no VCR, no CD player or tape deck, and the kitchen lacked modern conveniences like a microwave, toaster or electric kettle. He had put it down to the cottage being retro in style, but it wasn't retro, it simply had not been updated in over 20 years. Not since Harry had stopped updating it.
It was a joke. It had to be a joke. Ah, there is was, the slight twitch to Sherlock’s lips that confirmed he was jesting.
"Then there’s me. Practically a stranger. Someone who has for some reason picked you out of a crowd, someone who somehow
It wasn’t the most coherent of questions, John had to admit, so maybe he deserved the briefly raised eyebrow as the only response as Sherlock’s fingers continued to fly over the keys of his mobile.
John dropped into the vacant seat and reached for the toast.
The doctor's jaw twitched, but otherwise he didn't move.
Somehow that only made him grin more.
Even with this, Turing was far from a household name, and being a mathematician and computer scientist, his work was in fields that Sherlock had little interest in. It is no accident on my part as to why John might have heard of Turing but Sherlock has not.
And it would be glorious.
"I wasn't sure you would remember me," the man said, turning away to bend over the tray. A moment later a tall glass of cold water was offered to him. "Here, this should help, but sip, don't gulp. It won't do any good if you bring it all up again."
Inexplicably the doctor's grin only grew. "I'll have to take your word for it," the doctor said. "Although I do recall that he was somewhat overweight. Your mother had hoped he would grow out of it. What's he done now?"
Perhaps the most famous song in Gilbert and Sullivan’s operas, and from the 1879 comic opera "The Pirates of Penzance". As a mathematician and as a music lover, so much of the song would have irritated Harry no end, with its repetitive but catchy tune, and almost nonsensical – and certainly grammatically dubious - lyrics. First the maths references:
In the end he settled on the couch and switched on the television to catch up on the Nadal-Verdasco match, the winner of which would play Sherlock in the semi-final.
He could imagine the growing pile of dirty laundry, both of theirs mixed together, until one of them - probably John - took an armful and did something about it.
A life of hiding a relationship, then a life of hiding the loss of it, had created a desperate, lonely man who had somehow come to the conclusion that one week with a virtual stranger was better than nothing.
That was... good.
“Holmes gets the last word with that forehand and he takes the set. It’s now one set a piece and everything to play for.”
"Not yet," the doctor said. Then he was stepping back, breaking the contact. "If you're happy with it, I'll draft a second copy. Then we will both sign each of them and keep a copy apiece. But not until later."
It was like an epiphany. Seemingly random pieces suddenly slotted together into such a vivid picture that he wondered how the hell he might have missed it in the first place. As it was, it was all he could do not to gasp out loud. That would not have done, as even with as simple a mind as the doctor possessed, even he could not have missed such an obvious expression.
“That’s incredibly thoughtful of you,” John said.  “Very thoughtful. You’re not doing is out of some sort of misplaced sense of guilt though, are you?”
It took all his will power not to reach for his cock, which by this point was throbbing with jealously. Christ, Sherlock hadn’t even touched him there yet and he was already ready to go off.
Rather than force him back into the cold, unwelcoming room, the doctor had let him sleep in his own makeshift bed, on the sofa, wrapped in his blanket.
And now he was lost. Leaps of thought had been made and he was obviously failing to go with it.
Anticipation, the doctor had said earlier, and holding to that the doctor moved slowly, drawing the fabric carefully up and over his erection, then down and under his bum, until he pulled his legs up to get them over his feet. Then the fabric was tossed away and the doctor was
"Sorry I wasn't here, but I hope you didn't mind me going out. I passed a shop so got you a paper, but more than that, here, it's for your room."
Wasn’t that a scary thought? Because Sherlock being right meant that he did actually deserve to be in the top ten; that he should expect to reach the second week of a Grand Slam, to get to quarter finals of tournaments and possibly even further; that he should expect more than he thought he was due.
"Your mother's side?"
“It’s Watson’s turn to serve now. He bounces the ball, waiting for the crowd to settle, then launches into it. Zhi Zhu with the return, Watson powers it back, Zhi Zhu returns, Watson crosscourt, Zhi Zhu crosscourt, Watson down the line, Zhi Zhu, Watson deep, Zhi Zhu gets to it, but it’s another easy put away for Watson at the net.”
He nodded, dropping his head again. "Do it," he said, not quite able to mask all his anxiety beneath the bravado.
"Why would you- What would you- I don't- You want-"
The doctor shifted slightly, body turning so their legs brushed.
“Hmmm, you’re trying to kill me, right?”
“Watson, you’re up.”
Heat growing and moving and pooling, building around his body, building to something, building to-
"Oh," Sherlock drawled slowly, "I'm sure this is exactly what it looks like. Not exactly the legally mandated locked cabinet, is it,
Was desperate for more.
“Sorry,” he whispered and tried to urge his body to relax. It was easier said than done.
Taking a deep breath, he plunged into the forest.
"Question or address?" he asked teasingly.
"No, I don't. What
"Why should I?"
"I’ll let you take care of him, Professor, I promise, just—let me find out what he’s up to first. I don’t know the extent of it, and he could be behind all sorts of things. If you let him know you're onto him, he may cut all of those ties. He clearly doesn't like getting his hands dirty, so there can't be a lot of evidence out there to say he's behind some things, but there's a reason my brother put me on this case. Please, just…let me find that evidence."
“We’re breaking into the kitchens right before breakfast?”
That did it. John came in his pants. He didn't count how many times he muttered Sherlock's name as he did, but he guessed it was upwards of ten.
John beamed even brighter than the bees had shone.
“I could use an
He nearly dropped his fork. “You did?”
The look Sherlock gave John in that moment was completely foreign. Instead of a mask of indifference, John was startled to see every negative human emotion cross deep in his eyes, namely fear, concern, and enraged sadness. Most of all, there was a question there, a childish request for permission. John nodded very slightly as if to say, “I trust you. Whatever you’re planning on doing, I trust you.”
Harry laughed and mimicked his serious demeanor. “‘I’m so sorry, Professor. He flew right into the path of a Bludger. That broom’s too quick for his own good.’” Everyone joined her at the memory, recalling how John had sent the Ravenclaw captain to the hospital wing sobbing, and how he’d made off with nothing more than a stern look from the headmistress.
John groaned and watched as Greg fruitlessly tried to calm the two girls. Eventually, he’d had enough.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Of course not.”
“Oh. Nothing.” Sherlock turned quickly away, his cheeks similarly pink.
He nearly spit out his tea, but didn't answer.
John burst into fresh giggles. Sherlock chuckled.
"Misplaced charisma."
John shrugged. "I suppose they actually care about it."
"Oh, we're not worried about
They both smiled.
Molly raised an eyebrow and shrugged. "Maybe not on purpose."
The words coming from anyone else would have been going too far.
Sherlock sighed in frustration for about the seventieth time. "Could we please get this over with?"
Sherlock pressed their lips together. “So, do you think we could….”
“To what?” John managed, though his head was still swimming and his eyes couldn’t focus under the burlap.
“Probably not.”
“He—he did, did he?”
"John--oh,
"You're on the third floor too, right? Victor's roommate?"
“You could ask Sherlock,” she suggested.
“Not very.”
John raised his eyebrows in surprise. “I hadn’t really thought of you having cousins.”
(And some things he might wish to know, actually.)
John burst out laughing again. This time, Sherlock ground down his hips and shut him up. Their lips met, and they engaged in a funny little sensual wriggle. John was lying on top of his good hand, and he was constantly aware of the splint on his other, if only because Sherlock's biceps flexed over and over around his face as he instinctively tried to pull his hands apart.
stumbly, giggly tango later, the music slowed and John slumped against Sherlock, catching his breath from their previous fit of laughter.
Sherlock took John's waist again, this time only slightly touching, holding him at a respectful distance.
"Ready?"
“Where are you headed, anyway? I’ve got a rugby match tonight. I’d love for you guys to come.”
"Are you going to eat?"
His eyes were older now, wiser, but still full of life--sparks of mischief and intelligence were permanently etched into them despite their solemnity. John wanted to paint those eyes, which was odd, because he'd never felt the desire to paint anything in his life, but he knew it would be fruitless, because even the most masterful artist would never be able to capture the thing that made them Sherlock's.
"Gladly."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "This from the man who forced me to stay over because of the storm last week."
would be the problem."
“You’ve spent your whole life being intimidated by her.”
Sherlock sneered. “Of course I do. Living with this lot, I attract bullies like flies to a picnic.”
“Do you
“Are you asleep?” A small lisp cropped up as Sherlock drifted off.
“How about…I’ll just, um...” Sherlock stammered, lifting a hand from where it lingered at John’s waist and reaching between them awkwardly, but still not touching himself or John.
"For suggesting this. For making me get off the sofa."
Have a great week, and don't be afraid to comment or send me an ask on Tumblr; I'm still
“I don’t know how to do this sort of thing. This…relationship thing.”
“Your brother is such a prat.”
It was a long while before either of them spoke. "My dad died last night. Mum was there, said it was peaceful."
"Not until six. Of course, the real worry is--"
ever kissed anyone?"
“I’m oddly okay with that as long as it means I get to keep my extremities intact.”
John shook his head, staring. “You’re a strange man, Sherlock Holmes.”
They sighed in what could only be…
“Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock shouted when he opened the door. She scurried around the corner in her dressing gown. Upon spotting the two of them sharing Sherlock’s coat, she took a step back in wonder and smiled.
Sherlock wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. “Oh.” Then he joined John in his giggling.
Sherlock leaned to murmur directly into John's ear, "Well, I'm not going to do it with sweets."
"It matters very little to me."
“Not just watch Muggles, John, though that is part of it. I’d also like to spend a great deal of time studying some of the non-magical specimen which inhabit the park.”
"Still, I'm...I'm sorry."
John shook his head and grinned. "Of course. I've just never seen you is shorts before."
“Promise?”
John, however, was the picture of how a man should look in a formal setting. His tie and jacket were pristine, his hair tidy with each strand in place, his shoes practically mirrors. Sherlock had to physically restrain himself by gripping the edge of the table they occupied. He wanted to tear that jacket from John's shoulders, wanted his tie to hang loose around his neck after being thoroughly snogged right in front of every prim old benefactor in attendance. He wanted sex hair, goddammit!
“Right. Your hands may look beautiful all scarred and stained, but I don’t think I can pull it off quite as well.” John smiled. “And I need sleep. It’s late, let’s go.”
Sherlock ran his finger along the fastenings of John's splint and huffed. The doctor had told him to wear the splint for one week, and to check back in soon. Now they were lying in bed with their discarded trousers next to the door.
It would turn out to be lucky that they shimmied into their pants when they did. Teddy Lupin came into the room and stepped back for a moment.
John sighed, but smiled fondly. "Because you're the only one who
Sherlock didn't reply, just raised his eyebrows expectantly, still holding out John's jumper.
"They're two," John pointed out. "If they've any incredible deductive skills a few years down the road, then you can demand some credit."
Anyway, have a good two weeks. I PROMISE I'll be back again.
Sherlock felt like his head might explode at any moment. “Am I?”
Sherlock was cut off by the wind howling around them. When it ceased, he continued. "Just because they're predicting it, doesn't mean it'll actually be that bad."
“You boys should get upstairs and get dressed,” Mr. Holmes finally said. “Everyone will start getting here soon.”
Sherlock looked startled. "It's only ten o'clock."
“It looks like even the school wants us to shag.”
Sherlock glanced over at John once more, then drew his legs up to his chest. The position made him look juvenile, and John once again found himself trying not to laugh at the sight of it.
“This is how you sit at your house?” John asked skeptically.
Mr. Holmes just smiled and shook his head.
“Then why won’t they help me?”
But John couldn’t help laughing. “Really? I can’t believe it.”
John raised an eyebrow. “
. With the team.”
“You’re a nutter.”
"Of course, Sherlock."
John’s laugh came out more as a contented sigh. “Then I suppose I can’t be too far behind.” Sherlock’s circles became more and more slack until they disappeared entirely. His breathing became heavy and lazily puffed at the hair onJohn’s crown.
"What?"
John laughed, then stopped suddenly in wonder. “How often do you—?”
"Remember that time you kissed me on the playground?"
“Sherlock, I…don’t even know what to say to that.”
Frantic footsteps sped by on the main road. They didn't take their eyes off each other for a solid minute, John with his chest heaving, Sherlock with a finger to his lips.
"Alright. Just curious."
"Jesus--Sherlock, come on." He dragged Sherlock to the bathroom and forced him to sit on the edge of the tub. Studying Sherlock's feet, he turned the taps. "Doesn't look too bad, just some first-degree burns. Here," he said, and promptly shoved Sherlock's feet under the cold spray.
It's really hard to keep it weekly with chapters pre-written, but I'm not gonna dig myself back into the hole I just got out of. So enjoy this small token.
“You’re a warlock.”
"They're not all mean. But none of them want to be my friend, either."
"I'm thinking the museum. Or the park, if you want."
“Yes.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Harry cackled. Sherlock lifted his little fist and punched her in the stomach. Mycroft snorted, torn between pride in the strength of the swing, embarrassment that Sherlock had taken it, and disgust in his brother’s behaviour.
"I'm sure you'll teach me." He leaned forward and pressed his lips to Sherlock's cheek. "I'll be an expert by the time I'm twenty."
"Everyone certainly is enjoying themselves," John remarked.
"I don't...think so. It didn't feel wrong."
"Can't we call Mycroft?"
"Of course," John replied smugly.
"No. If we went on another date, perhaps. They do say the third date’s the time for that," John joked.
start crying?"
“Fair point. But…I don’t know. Maybe he’ll ask you.”
John groaned himself awake, stretching his arms above his head with a yawn before turning over and snuggling into the solid body next to him. He didn't immediately realize that a foreign body in his bed wasn't normal, but when the fact registered, his eyes snapped open and he jumped to his feet. “Sherlock!”
Sherlock noticed John more and more in the hall, and even ran into him in the bathroom once, an entirely frustrating experience as they were both going in for a shower. Whenever John saw him, he would nod and smile, something Sherlock was sure he'd seen every single person on campus do, not to mention something that annoyed him to no end. But it was somehow different when he saw John do it, like they were partaking in a private joke.
John leaned down and kissed Sherlock's forehead. "You've got me fooled, I think."
“Excuse you, Sherlock, for using such language at the table!” Wendy interjected, her attention latching onto Sherlock’s flub, relishing in the fact that he was far from a perfect child. “Shame on you, Violet, for letting your boys speak in such a way in front of guests. Or at all, for that matter!”
“How far are you?” They began making their way to the nearest bus stop.
“Of course. Posh event? Sure. Waiter? Perhaps. But I would never want to wear a tux to a wedding.”
Sherlock didn't think he'd ever been so cold in his life. His fingers shook as he typed, his dressing gown was not nearly thick enough, and it didn't seem to matter how many pairs of socks he wore, because his toes were still chilled far beyond the realm of comfort.
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock nodded and followed John into the sitting room.
John chuckled. "Since when do you condone appropriate behaviour at your brother's events?"
"Will you ask Harry to come? Do you think she will?"
“No one’s going to be coming around here, it’s after midnight. Now let’s go home.” Sherlock looked him in the eyes, and John imagined he saw a little more moisture there than was typical. “Please.”
“Unless it’s…something else.”
“Sorry. Sorry!” he’d said. It was the first time John had heard him sound so flustered. Once Sherlock had reached his wand and tapped the correct brick to open the wall back up, they'd both tumbled out, red-faced and swearing.
"Right. Well." It took a moment for Professor Carthage to reclaim his bearings. "As Mr. Holmes has so kindly offered, there is a boggart inside this trunk. Now, I know you've all been practicing that incantation," he continued pointedly, at which point many students shifted uncomfortably and Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Let's practice again, shall we?
” in Sherlock’s direction.
"Is there something we can do about that?"
John stared. “A what?”
want to do?”
When John woke the next morning, Sherlock was busy collecting data on his potions, his brand new protective eyewear on top of his head.
Sherlock huffed, irritated that John had turned his secret into a short novella. "Right. Now get on with it." He was strung up with anticipation, both looking forward to and bracing himself for whatever John would do.
, are you? That's just....Oh, hey, Sherlock."
So when after leaving Molly's birthday party, Sherlock sunk too his knees as soon as the front door was shut, John wasn't about to object.
He found Lestrade alone at the end of the Gryffindor table. “Hey, Greg.”
"Must you really be so blatant with your sexual encounters?" Mycroft would ask, exasperated.
The golden-haired boy held out a hand and as all of the blood rushed south from Sherlock's head at just the simple contraction of deltoids he realized the answer to that question.
"Please, John, I'm fine." Sherlock somehow managed to roll his eyes and get across his usual mischief in the same moment.
Nothing happened. Sherlock shoved his wand back into his pocket with such force that the fabric ripped. “See? I told you.”
“Good evening, Mrs. Holmes. I sure am.”
“No, don’t be. Harry and I weren’t really old enough to remember them. We were sent to live with our great uncle. Funny guy, but he was a drunk. Dunno how Aunt Edith put up with him.”
"Right." John lifted the phone from the bedside table. "I'm calling Mycroft."
"Yes. Quite the event. Lestrade went home in stitches."
"Alright, but, how are you going to...'positively reinforce' me, or whatever you just said?"
“You weren’t even a year old.”
He collapsed against him, chest heaving and heart pounding.
John hesitated. “Look, I’ve got a favor to ask you,” he said.
It was when she began snapping photos and cackling that Sherlock realized she knew just how ridiculous the outfits were, and stormed up the stairs without another word, dragging John along behind him.
"What the hell were you thinking, Sherlock?" he demanded, just as dangerous as before.
“Clearly,” Sherlock snorted.
“I just need you to get McGonagall on board with this case.”
“I doubt that. You’re the most powerful wizard I know.”
“Well, perhaps if his parents had sent him to a different school—”
"Why should I care?" Sherlock was clearly near tears, but so far he'd managed to hold onto them. He leapt up from the sofa and threw his arms about in a great display of stabbing irony. "It's not as if he would want me to care. He wouldn't want
” John turned away from Moran and started to walk away before he did something rash.
They'd been on rocky terrain for weeks, since John had begun spending more time with his dying father. He should have known it was only a matter of time before the tinderbox exploded into the largest fight they'd had to date.
"Mhmmm." John let go of Sherlock's arms just long enough to reach over to the table and retrieve the tie he'd left there two days before. He felt all the air leave Sherlock's lungs when he saw what John was doing.
He laid Sherlock gingerly on the grass, and once it was clear that he was still breathing, turned to see everyone joining him in landing. A few yards away, he saw Greg shouting at Moran. “What were you thinking? You could’ve killed someone!”
That was what Sherlock hadn’t anticipated. It was…intoxicating. Better than drugs, for sure.
“Well, all the better to watch me, then.”
"Yeah?"
Sherlock rested his face in his hands before remembering how cold they were and jerking back.
came first. That was one of the first things he had learnt about Sherlock.
The doctor nodded. "Today is Friday, right? Let's say that by this time next Friday you will have made up your mind. Then whatever your decision, next Saturday morning, you will be on your way out of here, back to Cambridge, plenty of time before your lectures resume on the Monday."
to do it with. Never really thought he was really truly like
He pulled the door open. "No." And shut it firmly behind him.
“This is what we mean when we say he’s playing with confidence. He knew what he needed to do in order to win the point, and he not only believed that he could pull it off but he trusted his ability to do so, and he’s been rewarded for it.”
John rolled his eyes. “Git,” he said affectionately.
"Seven days?" he asked.
"The family history fascinated Daddy, so they gave us old family names."
"Is there- wait, no, I'm sure I put- yes definitely- there's one here somewhere."
“Right time, right place. It’s not that hard and it doesn’t even need to be him. One of the other players could have slipped it in. Or a ball boy. Or one of the stewards. No, getting it in is easy. He could have had it sent here, or passed on officially, but he decided to do it the sneaky way. This is a message. He wants me know that nowhere is safe, not from him. That and the fact he hasn’t forgotten. He thinks he owes me, for Toronto, for all the other things. He’s reminding me that regardless of how high I get, he will always be able to make me fall.”
"Okay?"
But the man had asked and was looking at him expectedly.
Other journals were solely artistic. Sketchbooks of all size and use littered the room; some bulging with additional pages, some barely used. Nature, landscapes, pencil, and colours. A beautiful reproduction in pencil of a human skull. Then people, figures, abstract body parts.
"I didn't think you would come willingly."
"He's pretty good to dance too as well," the doctor offered.
Fermat’s Last Theorem
He caught Sherlock’s sharp gaze, the mercurial eyes flicking over him as if trying to judge whether there was a gap between the words and how he really felt.
"I didn't fully take into account just how touch sensitive you are."
Oh fuck.
At the question, Sherlock barely glanced up from where he was lounging on the sofa, back to the door, notebook in hand.
Sherlock looked at him, really looked at him. Had it been anyone else he might have considered them to be at least partially lying, but there was no deception in the doctor's face, no fallacy in his posture. Lies or no, the doctor honestly believed what he was saying.
There would be penetration, because that was what sex was, wasn't it. Even he knew that.
John ran his finger over the Baker Street key, the shape that had become so familiar to him in such a relatively short period of time.
“I think it’s got to be Watson. Not something I thought I’d say three months ago, but that just shows how quickly things can change.”
"You knew I'm sexually inclined towards men."
“Anyone would think you had underestimated him.”
As I spoke those last words, I gently rested my hand over his, having moved towards him during my speech. I could feel the tremor that still gripped his frame even as I sought to reassure him. For a moment there was no reaction and I feared I had made some misstep in my entire treatment of him, but then his hand turned beneath mine, his fingers repositioning until our hands cradled each other, our fingers entwined.
He jerked slightly, the voice coming from much closer and the opposite direction from where he had been expecting. He had thought the doctor to likely be on the sofa, stretched out, staring at the fire. Or perhaps in his armchair, wrapped within a blanket. Or even maybe a statuesque figure by the record player, unmoving since setting the LP to play.
Diving in, he slammed the door behind him, breathing deeply as he locked both the driver and passenger doors. It was a stupid sense of false security, but it was something, and it gave him time. Time for what, exactly? He had many skills, but hot-wiring a year old jeep was not one of them. And disappearing into the gorse and heather on foot was definitely not an option.
The arms loosened immediately, letting him move, essentially letting him leave. Everything within him cried out to stay, to go back to putting his safety and wellbeing into someone else’s arms, to just
He stared at it, his thoughts awhirl until they settled on the one overriding fact that had started his mental maelstrom.
At the bottom, he stopped to find that the new day had brought unexpected changes in the form of a new selection of cardboard boxes that had previously not been there. Dressed and obviously breakfasted, the doctor was standing by one of the opened boxes, frowning as he studied the books he had obviously just removed from it. Other books lay scattered on the desk and there were gaps on the shelves beside him. He had evidently been up for a while.
“Oh?”
Sherlock frowned. "Why?" Draw two.
“You’re not the only person who knows the location of the properties, and we both know Greg likes me more than you.”
“There is little satisfaction to be found in beating an opponent not at peak physical health.”
Reaching forward, he caught a belt loop in his finger and tugged his partner towards him until Sherlock was stood between his legs, looking down with hooded eyes.
John prided himself on being many things, but one thing he wasn’t was an idiot. At least not when came to situations like this. It wasn’t hard to see that there was something off with Sherlock’s game. It wasn’t that it wasn’t good – it was. It wasn’t that he wasn’t trying – he was. It was just… something. Something wasn’t quite right.
“It’s a bit of a clash this one. They might not have played each other at this level before, but if anyone knows the other player’s weaknesses you would think these two might considering the frankly astonishing doubles showing they had in Toronto. Holmes doesn’t exactly have a reputation of playing nice with others, but with Watson, well they’ve found something. In the last two months they’ve been training together, practicing together, playing doubles together. They’ve even been spotted eating out together. They’ve certainly proved they can work together. Now they get to go head-to-head and it could be rather explosive.”
By biological rights, he had not felt so alive in years, and yet it came with such a heavy price. The blood link meant he could feel Sherlock moving farther and farther away from him, the action only heightening the siren call; life, blood, love.
“Excellent,” John said. “I’ll add it to the list.”
"I think," he said, finally managing to find the air and energy to speak with, "that as birthday shags go, that's going to take some bloody beating."
Sherlock raised a pointed eyebrow as he waited.
“Where did you find this?” Sherlock voice was suddenly very low and very still.
“Yeah, well those moments happen in a match. You hit a few bad balls, you lose a little concentration, and suddenly you’re points down and immediately under pressure.”
“What movement there from Holmes. Pure class. He didn’t let Watson settle for a moment, and then just when Watson was pushed wide and deep, Holmes brought in the perfect drop shot, and Watson, well, he had no chance of getting to it.”
Stupid, stupid, stupid.
It was Sherlock, but it was Sherlock as he had never seen him before. This wasn’t the larger than life, pseudo-arrogant, confident Sherlock he knew. This Sherlock was… broken.
When I searched through violin forums for favourite violinists and pieces, Rabin’s name was one that was often mentioned.  He played and recorded all of Paganini’s Caprices for solo violin, a tie-in here as Canon!Holmes was a Paganini fanboy. In "The Adventure of the Cardboard Box", Watson reports how, over a bottle of claret, Holmes told “anecdote after anecdote” about the extraordinary violin virtuoso, Paganini. The significant thing about Paganini’s Caprices is that they are études – usually short pieces of music, considerably difficult to play and designed to provide practice material for perfecting a particular musical skill. Reason, I believe, that Canon!Holmes was particularly drawn to them.
"Ahh, I needed that. Thank you."
He twirled his mobile in his hand. It was a nervous habit more than anything, his last connection with the wider world before he went out there and became the centre of attention for ten thousand spectators and countless television, radio and web viewers.
He gave a rueful smile as he grabbed another of his own drinks bottle. His tactics were working, but then again, so were Sherlock’s. The question was, what more did Sherlock have to throw at him? And was there anything he could do to counter it?
“Fine,” he said. “I’ll talk to her. Tomorrow though, not tonight.”
By the time Sherlock switched his ministrations to his second foot, John wasn’t sure he was going to survive the evening. Closing his eyes, he arched into a full length stretch, sinking into the sensations now racing around his body.
"Come on, there's no way you still lack an appetite after that. I'll warm up your dinner for you."
So altered was he from his usual state that I was momentarily lost for words, but before I could exclaim to ask him of the matter, he turned to fix me with a look of such anguish that I can cease to do it justice on the page. Indeed, it is a look I have not seen on his face since, and for the life of me, never wish to see again.
helping. The pain in his head was starting to ease and the glass gave him something to grip onto, but that still left him with questions. The most pressing of which was-
“That’s good, John. Perfect. Parfait. Se détendre. Bien.”
The doctor shrugged. "Because you wanted to. Because you needed to try."
"Wouldn't have picked you for a Proclaimers fan," the doctor said with a wide smile.
"Would you like a drink? I'm making one."
Sherlock’s answering smile was almost uncharacteristically soft, but then their lips were meeting and everything else was forgotten. The kiss was gentle and unhurried, tongues brushing and stroking, matched by the hand Sherlock now traced around his upper body. Fingers trailing up his arm, palm pressing against his side, thumb circling his nipple.
Sherlock found more scars, on the chest, on the hip, small, thin, almost invisible, but perceptively there against his lips. He traced the muscles, the shape of the doctor’s pecks, the strength in his arms. Then there was the penis, swollen and upright in arousal, of good size and girth within the upper tiers of average, but so obviously
More notes:
“Home,” John said. “I’ve always considered it less of a place and more of the person you share it with. In which case, you’re bloody well stuck with me now.”
“Originally, Central Park was designed by the landscape architect and writer Frederick Law Olmstead, and the architect Calvert Vaux, who incidentally just so happened to be English.”
Climbing in the passenger seat, Sherlock couldn't help but feel a sense of dread as he buckled his seat belt. For a brief moment he wanted to flee, to jump down and run off into the growing gloom. A prehistoric part of his mind was screaming for him to escape, that he was nothing more than prey trapped in a maze, being toyed with by a much more advanced predator.
Despite everything, there were weaknesses to Sherlock’s game. While his first serve was fast, accurate and technically brilliant, he relied too heavily on it, leaving him with a weaker than expected second serve. Known for his killer forehand and his inch perfect baseline play, errors tended to creep in when he was pulled into the net. And for a player who deduced his opponent and then played on his opponent’s weaknesses, he could be at least momentarily thrown by the unexpected.
A challenge then. Deduce what Sherlock had said during his press conference. Well he was never one to back away from a challenge.
"I'm going to want to take a shower," the doctor... John... said as he rinsed the last plate and went to cover the remains of the meal. "Freshen up a bit. Do you want one as well?"
"What? What? What do you want?"
Oh God no. He had quite vivid memories of the few times Clara and Sherlock had come into contact with each other. The first time, when Clara had barged into his hotel room to find Sherlock sitting comfortably on the bed using his laptop, was particularly haunting. He still hadn’t quite lived that one down. In some ways Clara and Sherlock were far too much alike – blunt for one, demanding for another – and he had a feeling he would end up ganged up on and horribly embarrassed.
The landscape created its own prison.
“Uh. Right. Yes. Happy birthday. Now get up, we have a schedule to keep.”
He stared at the man, at the slight pinkness of his lips that was the only sign that anything had happened.
His coffee had lost some of its heat, but he was no stranger to cool or cold coffee so swallowed it down without thought. It was just over two hours to sunset, an hour to the deadline he was obviously not going to meet.
He resisted ending with too much of a flourish, preferring to let the final question and the notes slowly fade away into the stillness.
“Now this is the Sherlock Holmes we’ve come to expect. He might have lost the first set and then needed a tie-break to take the second, but here in the third, he’s come out and he’s throwing everything at Watson. Fast balls, drop balls, slices, volleys, even the odd lob. He’s dragging Watson back and forth across that court like some sort of rag doll, refusing to allow Watson to settle into any sort of rhythm or play his own game at all.”
“Please know that this isn’t something I’m purposefully keeping from you,” Sherlock said. “I would tell you, but it’s not only my story to tell.”
If there was one thing he had missed this week, it was his violin, and here, here was the most exquisite example he could have ever imagined. And it belonged to a dead man.
“Holmes knew exactly where that serve was going, and he knew exactly what he was going to do with it, and he executed that with his famous precision, inch perfect on the baseline.”
Sherlock took a step closer, his expression a mixture of remembrance and confusion.
The doctor had a different type of strength, one that was... pleasant to look at.
He hadn’t been surprised to find himself on the receiving end of what he had teasingly labelled as the Sherlock Holmes patented
He took the stairs two at a time.
"Did I know what?"
“On your back,” he said, because at times like this watching Sherlock’s expressions made everything that much better.
"You're not angry," he said after a moment.
He froze half way through typing the word
There was no comment when Sherlock exited the bathroom only after emptying the hot water tank. The steaks, though, were excellent, although the chips took longer than expected, probably due to the old oven.
And there was the catch.
“Alright, fine. Don’t tell me then. Of course I could always get the truth out of her.”
The slight flush to his cheeks said otherwise, but other than a knowing wink as he took another bite, John decided to go easy on his partner.
“London and Baker Street is where I presume we will be mainly based for obvious reasons, although I know it is not the largest of places. I am also open to procuring properties in other locations should you have a preference.”
He looked at the coffee table where at least a dozen notebooks lay scattered.
Up and over, he tossed the clothing to the floor and stepped back.
You don't keep a ring and call yourself a widower if your partner just left you. Sentiment. You do move to a new area, though, start a new life, remove pictures from the wall if you find the memories associated with them too painful to contend with.
a copy," Sherlock said after another long moment. "There was a fire. I was told it was unlikely there were any other copies still in existence."
He flopped down into his chair, glancing across and up at the scoreboard to his left with a certain amount of satisfaction. Two sets up in the third round of the US Open. Not something he had envisioned just a few months ago. Sod that, not something he had really envisioned just a week ago.
They both looked at the screen as Sherlock executed a beautiful forehand that had no chance of being returned. That was it. That was the end of the match.
Jealousy was an emotion he was no stranger to. He hated the effortlessness with which his brother held his superior intelligence. He ignored those around him who revelled in their easy friendships and human connections. And now he found himself desperately envious of the stranger who had shared this cottage, his time, his life with the man downstairs. The stranger who had owned this instrument. The dead genius who had been so markedly loved and so painfully mourned.
, that was Sherlock,” he said as the noise came again, high pitched, breathless and frighteningly familiar.
He was barely in the bathroom when he heard the door of the hotel room shut. He stuck his head out into the bedroom and then ventured into the main room just to check, but Sherlock was definitely gone.
He finally turned at the sound of the now familiar voice.
"Rest assured, Mr Holmes, I plan on being plenty more smug before this day is out. But not yet," he added, a small lick to his lips, "because the night is young, and anticipation is everything."
He wanted to scream. To beat his chest. To declare to the world that this was not fucking fair.
I confess my first instinct was to make comment on how out of the ordinary such an occurrence must be for him, but felt it best to steer away from personal based humour with him in such a vulnerable state. I did however, feel that a certain lightening of the mood could only help, so reached for a phrase he himself had used several times in my direction.
“John.”
Or more to the point, the doctor wanted this, so that was what he was going to get.
Board Game: Connect Four
A standard greeting, Sherlock thought, acknowledging it with a nod.
Oh god, if this was what being buggered meant then he would never think of it in a derogatory way again. For this he would give up a lot if that meant he could keep having it.
"This area was hardly what you might call peaceful before that, anyway," the doctor continued, brushing off his previous tone. "Before the British and the Clans, before a Saxon King tried to unite the southern kingdoms against the Vikings, before even the Romans came with their army, this was the land of the Caledonians and the Picts. Rival groups that lived, fought, and died side by side on this very ground."
Then the music references:
“John, there’s something... I should say. I-I’ve meant to say it. I’ve wanted to say it. I’ve just never-”
Not since Harry, Sherlock finished silently. This Adair had clearly known Harry then, known what their relationship had been, and had not been bothered by it.
He felt the doctor's breath against his skin and then their mouths met again.
Would the upstairs room give him further answers?
Arse. Haughty, arrogant, brilliant, gorgeous arse.
John turned his head away, because despite the words, he wasn't. For better or for worse, that boy was gone. And he was gone because of John’s selfishness, because the loneliness and the pain and the grief had become too much. He should have waited, had intended on waiting, for the boy to become a man, for time and life to shape him into a more fully form person, but in the end it had become too much.
"But I would very much like to do it to you, though."
It was his first time seeing the doctor topless, without a shirt, without a terrible jumper. He had already deduced exactly what he was going to see, but the reality was somehow more. Defined but not overly defined. Broad shoulders, toned arms, a light dusting of mid to light brown hair. A few faded scars, thin and pale.
So this was it. He had checked through his match gear twice and read through Sherlock’s notes. He was as ready as he’d ever be. He just had to relax and make sure he harnessed all the nervous energy into something positive.
Wrapping a blanket around his shoulders, he padded over to the wardrobe. So far he had ignored the clothes that hung in there, unwilling to don anything that might have belonged to his predecessor, but with the chill, the call of the heavy wool tartan dressing gown was too much to ignore. To his surprise it fell low enough to brush his calves, unlikely, therefore, to have belonged to either the doctor or his dead lover. It was, however, warm and somehow comforting, not too far removed from something he might have bought for himself should the need have arisen.
He edged forward in his chair, trying to decide how to respond. God knows that Sherlock was uneasy, his shoulders artificially square, his posture stiff. He should have a red warning sticker fixed to him when he was like this; warning, fragile, handle with care.
One for the doctor, two or three times for him, he licked at his lips.
Sherlock’s mouth shut with a click, his brow furrowed as if seeking to solve a puzzle.
Something shifted in the doctor's expression at those words. It was almost as if something had hardened across the eyes. That was... unexpected.
And then they would have sex, proper sex, his mind unhelpfully supplied.
It was funny to think that just six and a half days ago he had lain in the upstairs bed debating the likelihood of the doctor actually letting him go, letting him live, with or without the sex. Now the question seemed almost silly.
Grabbing the doctor's coat, he barely considered what he was doing before he pressed their lips together. He felt the doctor's surprise, but then it was over and he stumbled back, eyes wide as he tried to process what he had done.
The doctor drew them up smoothly beside the cottage.
Looking away, he took a moment to take in everything he had previously glossed over. There was a barrage of previously ignored information already stored in his brain and he opened his mouth before he even really knew where to begin.
"Do you know who wrote it?"
Bwahahahahahaha!
She offered a smile that was neither confirmation nor denial.
"Public record," the doctor said, a hint of a smile. "Not that difficult to find out."
“Some of it,” Sherlock said, not showing any surprise in the least by the sudden interruption to his solitude or the lack of greeting.
"You want to tell me what that was really all about?"
“And a second break for Holmes. Watson’s not happy with himself as the ball was call out. No point in contesting it. He knew it was out from the moment he hit it.”
There was a pause and then the arms tightened around him and Sherlock's head pressed between his shoulder blades and they joined together in laughter.
His eyes fell, his gaze catching on the small piece of metal pressed into the bench, previously obscured by their bodies.
He should have thought his realisation would not go fully unnoticed.
Holmes had spent the summer months in a state of activity, as buoyed by the pleasant weather as the rash of crime that came with it. While his reputation was far from the heights he would later enjoy, he had a steady stream of visitors, and between cases, there was a bustling, living city to become ever increasingly acquainted with.
“Watson lines up to serve. Holmes returns. Watson forehand. Holmes backhand. Watson with the slice. Holmes backhand slice. Watson forehand which clips the net but goes over leaving Holmes unable to return it.”
The doctor hummed slightly, sitting back as he cradled his mug. "Ah, yes, I can see why you would think that."
“Plenty of time for that later,” Sherlock said.
His books were also still on the table, but had been tidied and neatly stacked. Their mugs from the night before had been washed and left to dry on the draining board. The doctor's pyjamas were neatly folded in a bag near the doctor's armchair. Other than that there was little sign of change, which made it hard to estimate how long the doctor had actually gone for.
The doctor's hands caught him easily but did nothing to stop the kiss, their lips meeting and parting and suddenly it was all heat and wetness and tongues and teeth and the doctor's hands were moving, and his own were moving, and there was clothing where there could have be something else, and it was good, so good, and this was happening, actually happening and he couldn't stop it, didn't want to stop it, and then his fingers found skin and they were tugging at fabric, and-
"You okay?"
“Very good play. He might have been looking to go a break down, but he kept his head, dominated the play, and pinned Watson down at the back of the court.”
“I’m sure Watson will be delighted for Holmes, but there’s still a long way to go of course.”
The doctor said nothing.
, but even more than that.
“He’s talked quite a lot in interviews about the importance of confidence out there.”
Seven days bought him time. Even a day would surely put him in a better position to escape or to defend himself than he was in right now. A lot can be planned within seven days. Considering everything, was he really going to get a better deal than that?
“Sleep, John.”
"You knew my habits well enough to drug me and my timetable enough to pick the most opportune time."
From previous experiences, Sherlock had always taken reasonably well the eventual revelation of my true age and identity, as he also had my sexual preferences. The reveal of all often inevitably came close together, and although the moment was often fraught with the possibility of fear or rejection, it had always worked out pleasingly well in the end.
"Something wrong?"
The Norrmalmstorg Bank Robbery
Just another match. Nothing but that.
. Oh, I
“There’s no need to lie,” Sherlock said with a huff. “Obviously they are not the most ideal-”
The fact that they were going to be playing each other on his birthday was neither here nor there. In fact, there was no guarantee that Sherlock even knew it was his birthday. While it was very easy to find out each of their birthdays, neither of them had mentioned this upcoming one and, oh sod it, he thought. They might have promised to work on their communication following the events in Toronto, but it seemed they still had some way to go.
For once Sherlock stopped, his mouth shutting with a click, his eyes darting about as if searching for something that he had missed.
“So, what do I wear tonight?” John asked. “Smart? Casual? Something in the middle?”
, his gaze was wider than that, but he was looking at
The day was overcast, the cloud cover heavy, which blocked out any sight of the sun. It also did little for his mood. It did not take much time to realise that he missed the presence of the other man.
The words slipped out before he knew what they would be.
The gun.
Games mentioned in order: Mahjong, Coppit, Uno, Jenga, Escape from Atlantis
Turning back to the room, Sherlock stared at the hundreds of untold stories unfurling in front of him. It was difficult to even know where to start, his brain bombarding him with data from every surface.
Initial observations had showed the doctor to be proficient with a knife and a more than adequate cook.
It transpired that the doctor had liberated more than just clothing from his uni room. A selection of his course books had been brought also, complete with some of his notes and journals. Non course books were also among the assortment, including the two books on forensic science he had just taken from the library.
"Amazing," the doctor declared. "That never ceases to- well- amazing."
~ 4 ~
“Amazingly, for the first time this tournament, Holmes finds himself a break down. He’s not playing badly, but against the Wimbledon Champion he’s finding that that just might not be good enough. The question is, how is he going to respond?”
It was as if the air had been punched from his lungs. He was going back.
“We’ve time,” came the broken response, prompting scrabbling fingers and discarded clothing. “There’s always time.”
He gave a lazy ‘I’ve been shagged’ smile back and twisted his head to place a kiss against Sherlock’s leg.
Then his thought train was broken by the doctor chuckling and motioning in his direction. "Sherlock, Adair MacKenzie, an old... friend. Adair, Sherlock."
On the bonnie, bonnie, banks o’ Loch Lomond.
"John," the doctor said after a moment. "John Watson."
John closed his eyes in acknowledgement. He had been alarmed the first time Harry had appeared to him. He hadn't been sure if it was the onset manifestation of a new ability he hadn't been aware of, or a symptom of the madness growing within him.
With the passing centuries, the acceptance for who we were and what we did as men together had varied considerably. At best it was something barely remarked upon, at worst we were forced to conceal that as much as we did everything else. For the most part though, it passed with little more than a glance or comment by our acquaintances, and, by and large, even by society as general.
“196km per hour, according to the board. That could well be his fastest serve of the match.”
The rain eased, then stopped completely.
"I slung a towel on the radiator over there. Should be a little warm by now. You should change out of those wet things sooner rather than later. There's a bag of your stuff by the sofa there. I just grabbed a selection of your things, so apologies if they don't match. There are more clothes in the wardrobe upstairs though. You're welcome to help yourself."
He stared at the other man, at the lines around his eyes, his mouth, at how familiar they had become but at the same time somehow strange, as if they weren't right, that they shouldn't be there. He had the sudden urge to touch them, to feel them, to smooth them away. And then more. To do more.
Picking the new ones out of the box, he sorted them by genre as best he could. The likes of Queen and the Bee Gees went into one pile, classical music into another, the
“And what’s that?”
"Starve yersel nae mair, Hamish. Something to live for ye hae."
One thing was certain, John thought as he bit into the omelette aux truffes and closed his eyes in delight, the food was indeed exquisite. By the time he opened his eyes again he found Sherlock staring at him, head tipped slightly to one side.
"So, what happens now?"
soundtrack into one of its own.
He was pale and skinny, he decided, but not all together unattractive. But this was the first time anyone else would see him naked with an eye to sexual intercourse, so some effort was required.
Crouching, he looked critically at the interior drawers and cubbies, eyes narrowing as he studied them, before reaching for the central section. Carefully he drew it out, noting the weight, until finally it fully left the table. Turning it, he found the secret compartment, easing open the latching and reaching in for the content.
Roofs gone, walls tumbling, ivy grew across the stones and in the halls. He walked slowly, hand running across the uneven structure, pushing aside plants as he went.
Central Park, it turned out was both nearby and very pleasant, and it turned out that Sherlock knew rather a lot about it.
And it was so nice.
"Yet here I am," John said. "I never could understand your particular attachment to this place, you know. It's just so... sad."
Was he panicking? Why was he panicking?
He spoke until he ran out of words and the doctor ran out of questions. The smile never went though and it warmed him to have such an expression aimed in his direction.
The fact that the instrument felt right in his hands - in a way that transcended verbal communication - just strengthened his resolve. It had to be his.
The doctor.
“Whose notebook you got there?” John asked.
He licked his lips.
It sounded as if the doctor truly was going to let him go at the end of this.
"Perplexed by the seeming impossibility of this, one night I followed the gentleman in question and bore witness to his remarkable escapades. What I saw startled me to my core, shaking the very foundations of what I thought I knew. Feats of unusual strength he showed, followed by the easy attainment of a young lady merely by words, then, down an otherwise deserted alleyway, a physical transformation of his facial features and the appearance of what I can only describe as fangs. As he went to bite the young lady's neck, the sound of a police whistle startled us both and the next I knew, the gentleman in question had fled, scaling a seven foot wall with uncommon ease.
It was then that I decided I should hang up my travelling bag in the hopes I might instead come upon the Sherlock who was to be my next companion. My instincts told me he was in London, so to London I went, and there I stayed, biding my time, waiting for our paths to cross. Months passed until the day came whence I gave serious consideration to availing myself of more modern means in an attempt to find him myself.
Retreating footsteps and then quiet again.
"But you
The pause was longer than usual, the corners of Sherlock’s lips tilting upwards before he made a point of returning his attention to the television. “Of course it does,” he replied mildly.
Sherlock collapsed onto the second armchair considering his options. It was obvious that the doctor had no idea what the instrument was. If he did it was inconceivable that it would have remained buried under years of dust and clutter. Harry must not have known either, ignorant about things outside of his twin pursuits and casual interests. Which raised the question of how much he should say.
“They’re called underlings, darling,” she said after he’d managed to slip in the question after she had pummelled him with a rather detailed update on his near future commitments. “No, not the clients,” she corrected, “my staff. Yes, there is more than just me. Of course you don’t know them, my number one client naturally gets the personal touch, and don’t you deny that you love it. I know you, Mr Watson.”
“There’s a reservation booked for nine at a quiet out-of-the-way place if you want it. Sherlock’s got the details and you’ve got plenty of time. Otherwise you can fend for yourself.”
“I’m not talking,” he said, keeping his voice soft even as he frowned.
Locking the jeep, the doctor grabbed the bags he had taken from the vehicle and made his way to the cottage. For once the door was locked, the doctor fishing a set of keys out of his pocket.
“While I may lack experience in these sorts of matters in regards to a romantic partner, if you require something… precise… in regards to your birthday celebration it would be prudent to inform me as I do not wish to impose or disappoint you in any-”
He gasped, he swore, he almost fell over forwards, he jerked his head around just to confirm what he thought had happened, and then....
"John."
Twenty to twenty-five minutes to go.
Dumping his bags, Sherlock flung himself down on the sofa beside John. “Far from an easy match, but then it was the Wimbledon Champion, and you don’t win a Grand Slam by being an easy opponent.”
"And you?" Sherlock asked. "Watson's not a highland name, is it?"
He looked away, stalling what Sherlock had been going to say next.
Tomorrow was the last day. The last full day at least. The day after tomorrow he would walk away, with or without the violin, and he would likely never see the doctor again.
He still held his own mug, although he hadn't refilled it.
There was another pause and for a moment Sherlock considered that perhaps he had gone too far, that this was something that-
He slowly took the book.
place. He had no desire to be reminded once again of the dead man who had had so much - a Stradivarius, really? - even if part of him wanted to know more about the history of the place.
The doctor chuckled. "Yeah, sorry about that. Ran the tank down on the way up here because I knew you'd try to escape. Always keep some spare though. You never know what might happen out here and it's not as if you can simply call for help. Topped up while I was in town. Anyway, I promised you could leave at the end of this, didn't I? Well now it's all filled up for you and ready to go."
Voice trailing off, Sherlock looked away then after a moment took a deep breath and looked back.
The cottage was welcomingly warm. The doctor had taken the time to add new wood to the open fire before venturing out after him. He had also thrown a towel over the drying rack to warm while they were out. It was all annoyingly thoughtful.
Never end.
“And why can’t you get it?” he asked.
“A birthday kiss?” he added.
As he looked round, took in the mess and clutter that comes from so much in such a small space, Sherlock considered the truth that up until then had been not fully formed in his mind: the doctor was lonely.
Given everything, it might have been better had the instrument not have been in such good condition, if the neck had been cracked, or the strings frayed, or the sound hollow and empty, but it was perfect.
Not his favourite. Did he have anything as mundane as a favourite? Other people had favourites. Favourite songs. Favourite bands.
"Me?" he mouthed.
The weird thing was that the doctor actually appeared to be telling the truth. Mostly.
Breathe, Watson, breathe.
“Hello and welcome to quarter finals day here at the US Open. We’re coming live to you from a sunny Arthur Ashe Stadium where shortly the first of the men’s quarter final matches will be getting underway. Recent Wimbledon Champion and current British number two, John Watson will be looking to add the world number three, Sherlock Holmes’ name to his growing list of defeated top players. After comfortably seeing off Chinese wonder-kid, Zhi Zhu, in the last round, Watson faces a much tougher challenge in Holmes, who is also, to add further complications into the mix, his training and newly formed doubles partner. Can Watson carry on his remarkable recent form in Grand Slam competitions? Can Britain triumph over old rivals France? Can Watson beat Holmes? You’ll just have to stay with us to find out.”
"Kettle is on the stove if you would like a hot drink, although it may need reheating. Tea bags, sugar, and mugs are on the side. Or there is coffee if you would prefer. Milk is in the fridge."
He looked at the doctor who was watching him with an expression torn between amusement and affront.
“Break point saved, Watson lines himself up to serve again, it’s good, but Zhi Zhu’s return can only find the net.”
John pressed his lips together at the reminder that there had been other people that Sherlock had talked to. Before him. He wasn’t jealous, he was just… no, okay, he was jealous, at least a little bit, but everyone has a past. Even the woman in front of him did. Not everyone was invited into Sherlock Holmes’ personal space though.
After all, just look at him. A year ago at this time he had already crashed out of the Open in the first round, had spent the day of his birthday being tossed around a court by a mere child on the Challenger Tour, and the evening of his birthday drowning his sorrows in a bar not even caring enough to try chatting up one of the vaguely attractive female patrons.
man. You say stop, I will stop. You say wait, we wait until you're happy. We try something and you don't like it, we don't do it. All I ask is that you're willing to at least try. Alright?"
Smiling, John returned to his seat, flopped down and grabbed his drink. One set in the bag, two more to go.
"Drink okay?" His own drink retrieved, the doctor sank once more into the second chair, cradling the mug.
The hug from Sherlock was good and warm but he wondered silently what could've been so bad in the dream he had to provoke such a reaction from the usually unaffected detective.
Prepping the needle and ensuring the dose was at least 7%, maybe more, he didn't care.
His phone buzzed, The consulting detective instantly reached for it, first checking the date and then the cause of the buzz.
Before going any further, Sherlock reached into his coat, producing a burgundy velvet box and smoothly sliding onto one knee in front of the man who had his heart.
"Phone Lestrade, get him over here and come downstairs!" Sherlock spoke fast, never drawing breath before he turned and ran back down to the kitchen.
At around 7pm the men headed home and as they got out of the cab John suggested getting takeaway to eat,
He was going to be ok.
"I...i..." Sherlock trailed off, spinning on his heels once, locating his phone and snatching it up. Then turning back and running as fast as he could down the stairs and out of the flat.
"Chinese, thanks, John."
John felt the rush of calm almost instantly, it felt so good to finally say what had been on his mind for months, slowing gnawing away at his sanity.
Surging through his veins leaving a wide empty hole. One that couldn't be filled, helped, or solved.
The cab pulled up to Barts and Sherlock quickly rushed inside and called after John to hurry up.
"So you're dying to make a point" he pressed again.
"What did you do?" John questioned with a frown, crouching down to examine it.
"What sort was it?" John asked, fixing eye contact with Sherlock.
This chapter contains one reference to rape with no detail about it.
Before John could start speaking Sherlock was already in full flow again,
John spoke up, writing notes fast "And, what was her name sorry?"
Sherlock's head snapped up and met the eyes of his best friend.
He turned to the side on the small sofa, interlocking his legs with Sherlock's and moved his hands up to place one on the man's jaw and one on the back of his neck, using the position to his advantage he pulled the consulting detective to his lips.
Setting it down on the table he then made his way into the bathroom, fetching the first-aid kit they kept in the medical cupboard.
"Why did yo-" John was cut off,
Sherlock began kissing down John's neck and with each kiss he would squeeze the doctor's hand.
He needed to calm the situation. Fast.
And apparently John would rather be sure because not 2 minutes later he was sitting on the sofa with a bleeding hand and a regretful genius next to him with a matching cut.
"Your tongue tastes weird."
"Take things slowly, in fact, Sherlock, will you go on a date with me?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"The 27-" the detective trailed off again.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Thai food or Chinese, Sherlock?" He asked, searching phone numbers on his laptop so he could place an order.
"Sherlock. In the dream you had.."
Grabbing his shirt, John pulled Sherlock to the floor, still kissing.
John got up to pour himself another cup of tea and as he tuned back towards the table he caught his hip on the corner of it, sending shooting pains right down to his leg, as he glanced up quickly he could see Sherlock wince in pain.
"However, and I hope you understand John that I am-"
Sherlock logged into John's blog, read each post, checked his drafts and unfinished documents in his files and tried to complete them and make sense of his thousands of pages of writing, he really did write like he was running out of time, Sherlock thought to himself.
Sherlock stumbled to his feet and padded through to his bedroom, opening the bottom drawer and taking out his hidden stash.
John retuned the favour, grateful that the cut wasn't too deep and was fairly easy to deal with.
Minutes and days and weeks whittled past like nothing, sometimes Sherlock would find himself on his floor in 221b, other times he would find himself curled up at John's grave.
"One of us cuts into our palm, and if the other gets the injury then we'll know." The detective spoke as he retrieved bandages and gauze.
"Am I safe?" John chuckled as he walked in, peering round for any sign of Sherlock, to find him curled in his chair.
He writes and writes and explains everything he knew, everything he wished for.
Knowing soon enough that the truth about the two boys being soulmates would come out soon enough.
"I never had the courage to speak here before, always thought you'd judge me for being a bumbling mess, I suppose.
Smithson confessed to raping her and then beating her with a headstone until she died, I mean... how do you even pick up a headstone?"
God help John, he loves Sherlock, he really does.
"John, DNA is short for Deoxyribonucleic acid"
Sherlock's lips parted to let out a groan and John took the moment to slide his tongue into the detectives mouth.
"John..." Sherlock sniggered compulsively, he never thought he'd be the soppy one, seeing as he's usually such an ignorant, unpleasant arsehole. "Will yo-... Will you marry me?" He spoke so quietly it was a wonder John had heard, and clearly he had going by the many emotions currently spreading their way over John's face.
Sherlock looked incredible in his black suit and dark purple shirt, which had two buttons undone and the rest seemed to be straining against his body.
Disappeared like a cloud of dust.
Sherlock finally finished and breathed out loudly, he looked incredibly pleased with himself.
John was taken aback, he didn't often get told by the detective that he loved him. "I love you too" John replied with a small smile. Looking up at the consulting detective.
And so he carried on, never telling Sherlock that they were soulmates or even bothering about the scrapes and burns and grazes that appeared on him.
He took a breath, walked to his arm chair and sat down, then gestured to John to move to his own chair.
"Lestrade promised us it was a good one and if Scotland Yard couldn't solve it, well, not that they ever can. No, if they couldn't solve it then this is perfect! A challenge at last after hours without a case!"
Because it felt so real, too real.
The two men were standing in the kitchen, Sherlock was going through the evidence, laying out the facts and rambling through the DNA evidence.
John sat across from Sherlock at the table in Angello's, he smiled when the cheery man came and put a candle on the table for the romance.
The consulting detective didn't speak for a whole 12 hours until he asked Molly for a cup of tea.
"Thanks, Sherlock, I really felt the crying need to know that" John replied, glancing at his detective and smiling at him. Sherlock, to his surprise, edged a bit closer and smiled back.
'I'm worried about you'
BORING.
There was so much the pair hadn't done, so much to say but not enough time.
JOHN:
In one swift movement he found himself encased in Mycroft's arms, with no strength to protest, to even care, he sank into them, screaming and crying into the material of his brother's expensive suit.
"Sherlock, I mean, I'm not dissing your idea or anything but I've been entertaining the possibility for ages now and I've had pretty solid proof that our injuries match"
By the time John was downstairs, he had phoned Lestrade and, to his surprise, the DI was already in his living room, Sherlock must have called him before John did.
Sherlock sighed and let John go through to the kitchen, hopefully fixing them something light as he wasn't really that hungry.
"I love you too, Sherlock. I always will" John replied, stroking the detective's hand as he did so.
Sherlock stole a look at John whilst he was looking and rather whimsically thought he was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen, and he couldn't wait any longer. He grabbed John's hand and pulled him to the closest bare wall, pushing him hard against it and catching the sides of his jacket with his hands, pulling the smaller man up as he smashed his lips down onto John's.
"Hello"
Finally breaking apart the duo stayed on the floor for a while smiling and trying to catch their breath back.
Greg left not long after, mumbling something about needing a pint and a long kip.
His best friend, John Hamish Watson, is dead.
Curiosity overtook him and the detective scrolled down to the penultimate post.
Humans with their insipid emotions, bleating out sympathies and 'I'm sorry for your loss' with dipped eyes that in no way were ever going to bring John back so what was the point? What was the point in anything?
"JOHN?" The detective bellowed from the hallway.
And when no reply came he sent two more,
With that, John grabbed Sherlock's shirt, pulling him so he too was kneeling on the floor, gradually moved closer until they could feel their breath on each other's skin, their lips meeting seconds later, fitting together like pieces of a puzzle.
"So, soulmates?" John chuckled loudly, it all seemed a bit too unbelievable, all part of one huge plot that would come untangling itself in front of him any second and leaving terror and heartbreak in its wake.
Sherlock and his blogger bundled into the cab and Sherlock directed the cabbie to take them to Barts. They needed the DNA if they were going to get anywhere with the cold case.
"Please don't, Sherlock."
After leaving the restaurant the happy duo walked along, glancing at the stunning night sky.
"Giles, you're looking for a man of about 5'8, brown hair and brown eyes, sloping forehead and glassy eyes, from the files I could see that he was a previous suspect but was ruled out when it came to questioning"
"You startled me, my brain went into overdrive and I didn't know what to do. I had to get away to calm down. I'm sorry John, if I worried you..." Sherlock trailed off, his voice ending near silent.
Sherlock stood and shuffled his coat on, stepping out of the flat with his wobbly cane, walking steadily to his destination which he reached in no time at all.
It felt good to finally ask.
Still, Sherlock examined the evidence and took DNA samples from each piece.
"M-me?" John stammered, his cheeks positively glowing.
He wanted a way out. Just a way to escape his mind for a few hours, nothing more.
It was going to be a long day.
Who was Sherlock even kidding? He loved John Watson unconditionally. He'd proved it so many times, leaving for 2 years just to protect him, untangling Moriarty's complex web just to keep the man he loved safe.
Three weeks.
His lips grew into a smile,
"Why not? I thought you knew 243 different types of tobacco ash?" John asked, growing more concerned about the man in front of him.
Dated as the 28th October 2017.
"John! JOHN!" Came the terrified screams from the consulting detective lying next to him, arms thrashing over the bed. He was having a nightmare.
SHERLOCK:
"My leg is bleeding" Sherlock replied, and John suddenly understood that his detective didn't reply because he was too busy looking at his leg.
"Maybe you just caught it without realising, Sherlock, I'm sure you'll be fine"
"Nope, there must be other ways you can do this. Sherlock, I mean it! Stop licking the door!" John struggled to his feet and flung himself at the detective, wrestling him to the floor.
He turned to music to cope, venting out his upset and emotion through his violin, notes flowing out into the street, making themselves heard, known about.
He kissed him tentatively at first, small pecks on his lips and at the side of his mouth, soon making an effort to deepen it and smiling slightly when Sherlock kissed back, parting his lips to let John in.
Sherlock turned away and let a single tear fall from his cheek.
Oh god. John thought.
"John, at least if I die from this it adds the element of the wow-factor!" The detective added.
Loosening my embrace on John a little, I cupped his chin with my hand and pulled him into a kiss.
And that is the exact reason he was now sprawled on his flatmate's bed while said flatmate poked his tongue where no tongue had gone before.
"Hmm do you want breakfast?" John asked with a slow smile, getting the detective to eat was hard enough on most days, seeing as he refused to eat during cases there was barely any other time to fit in meals.
"Um... it was.... " the detective trailed off and began to turn over on the chair, he was stopped when John placed a hand on the detective's thigh.
John leaned forward,
John couldn't help admiring the detective's enthusiasm.
"In the nightmare you had, what happened?" He questioned whilst still wrapped in Sherlock's protective embrace.
"I love you, I never told you and it was too late.
Two weeks later the case hit the news, detailing how the decades old case had finally been solved and by no other than the great Sherlock Holmes. The news channels also covered the trial and Smithson was sent down for a minimum of 30 years.
Some six, emotional months later, Sherlock was struck with the realisation.
"Yes." Again the sound was a little muffled due to obvious reasons.
"Goodbye, John."
"Yes."
"My tobacco analysis has long since been replaced" Sherlock answered, fixing eye contact with the doctor once again.
I'm getting married! "B-but Sherlock, this is the exact ring I wanted! How could you possibly know?" He spluttered out.
"Yes, Yes I will Mr Sherlock Holmes." Sliding his new engagement ring onto his finger and throwing his arms round Sherlock, almost knocking him to the ground.
"Sherlock? What's wrong?" John asked as he sunk to his knees in front of the sulking detective.
Date day.
"A 49 year old man with no health problems died three days ago, and the only reason was a toxin found in his body that is commonly found in wardrobes..."
The computer pinged to notify that the update had been posted.
"Sherlock, why are you licking the wardrobe?" John looked at him with a sigh,
They both knew it was going to be a harder case to solve without the body to hand.
SHERLOCK:
3 days later.
And if Sherlock would ever admit to his.
And that place, would happen to be the wardrobe door.
Dated as the 3rd November 2067.
And with that, John called the takeaway palace, placed his order and left to collect it.
With a trembling hand he uploads the post.
"So..." he spoke softly, so quietly that John barley heard him.
Greg looked up, "Frankie Miles" he replied with a small smile.
Sherlock Holmes.
SHERLOCK:
"Yes." The reply was sharp and to the point.
'Look at the injuries we get', you'd say."
"It was sickening to listen to, really it was.
"I... Love... You" Sherlock spoke breathlessly, smiling down at John and pulling him into an embrace.
"Sherlock?" He asked when he pulled away.
John winced in pain, wishing the detective was more careful.
God knows Sherlock would be sleeping for near 24 hours tonight now that the case was over.
Sherlock laughed with the Doctor. This was definitely the start of something beautiful.
Limb torn from limb. Nails bitten to stumps of what was, what could've been and what never will be.
"What case?" The doctor asked.
"So.. the way you're finding this toxin is essentially killing yourself, and then you'll have the proof?" The doctor questioned.
"Sherlock?" John called from the living room where he sat at the desk, typing rapidly away on his computer,
The next day was warm and the sun shone bright through the wispy layer of clouds.
Sherlock stood up, grabbed a piece of paper from his desk and wrote in big bold letters "NO CLIENTS TODAY" and placed it just under the door knocker and in plain sight. No one was going to interrupt their day. Not today.
John already knew what DNA was short for, he let Sherlock tell him for the sake of the detectives sanity in the long cab ride.
His hair was tamed beautifully in fluffy curls with a few tucked behind his ears.
Sherlock Holmes and Doctor John Hamish Watson, till death do them part.
Only a matter of time.
And here I am, saying it fifty years on, I'm old and grey.
John had been admiring the view when Sherlock smashed into his room, excited about something.
The funeral was monotonous, platitudinous and was just so very dull.
He was undone.
Sherlock finished abruptly.
Texting on his phone and just happened to step in front of a speeding cab.
The kiss carried on, slow and sweet and shortly after he pulled away, smiling up at the detective, hoping for a hint of clarification; even the tiniest nod would suffice.
Sherlock stood quickly, his blue silk dressing gown billowing behind him as he reached into the drawer below the kettle and pulled out a knife.
John sat up hurriedly, gently waking Sherlock up. "John! Oh my god are you ok?" He quickly spoke, tears in his eyes. "Sherlock I'm fine, I'm right here" John replied. Sherlock pulled John into his arms, wrapping them protectively around the man he loved.
“Hm? Oh, it’s for a case. Don’t worry about it.”
John’s cheeks went red. “Come on, you git.”
Sherlock ignored him. When John finished his plate, Sherlock took it and handed it to the nearest elf. “Ready?”
His predictions could not have been more spot-on, though, and as the match ended and the team celebrated, Sherlock strode over to John at the edge of the mob.
“You think this is funny?”
“Aren’t you?” John replied, raising an eyebrow.
“Monkey bars,” Sherlock mumbled, just indistinct enough to pique John’s interest.
“How’re things, Sherlock?” Mary asked.
"Let's hope he can get over the embarrassment of his partner's roommate walking in on him about to reach orgasm," Sherlock muttered, sending John into a fresh fit of mirth. He resisted saying something else to make John laugh. It was a nice laugh.
Hours later, after a stern but ultimately pointless talking-to from the Headmistress, John found himself in a chair next to Mycroft Holmes, of all people. Both boys were completely silent, Mycroft eyeing John just as suspiciously as he had in the carriage at the beginning of the year, if not more so.
By the time the clock in the hall chimed seven o’clock, John decided it was time to head back up to Sherlock’s and see what progress he had made with rebuilding his experiment. Also, he figured dinner couldn’t be far off, and wanted a word with him before going down to face his family.
“No, I just…I’ve never heard it so—it was nice. It was…good.”
This was Sherlock. Sherlock, gasping, groaning, practically shouting incoherent strings of profanities peppered with John’s name. Sherlock staring at him with pupils blown wide and curls somehow sticking up on end, even though John couldn’t remember ever carding his fingers through them. Sherlock ghosting fingers along John’s ribs while his other hand worked to bring them off together.
“But John,” Sherlock whined.
"Good shag, was it?" John said, and he and Sherlock collapsed into giggles. It was the first time in his life that Sherlock could have said he almost fell over from laughing so hard.
I will be consistent.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “John, it’s only six.”
John shrugged guiltily, already realizing the very wrong implication of what he'd said.
“You did just give me a tour of your entire house.”
"We wouldn't have zoos without zookeepers. Or at the very least, they would be much less enjoyable."
She continued with the rest of the story, how Sherlock had tried to put out a salamander’s fire with just one small bucket of water, but John had to admit that he was losing interest. It probably had something to do with Sherlock invading his space, pressing his thigh against John’s. By the time the story of the picnic salamanders had ended and the page was turned, Sherlock’s chin rested casually on John’s shoulder, and his arms had looped themselves around John’s waist discreetly.
“Who?”
“Oh my god, Sherlock, we’re going to be late! And we…well, we…” John, in his panicked state, struggled for the right words, because although he knew nothing serious had happened the night before, it felt oddly like something had.
John sighed and humoured him further. “What are we doing, exactly?”
"So, what have you got so far?" John asked as he licked away a stray bit of chocolate and gave Sherlock his ice cream.
“Are you?”
"I went after him. I am still going after him. Nothing he's doing at the moment is any concern of mine, yet I am
"Mycroft!" John said in greeting, panic making him overly friendly. He hopped up, but then hovered with nowhere to actually go.
"Would you like to take a trip to the coat closet to be sure?"
John's eyes flicked over Sherlock's shoulder to the bedside table. "You know what?" John swung his leg over both of Sherlock's and used the bounce of the mattress to straddle him without leaning on his injury. He leaned down and kissed him again, but this time he used the added leverage to trap both Sherlock's wrists above his head with his good hand. "I'm gonna show you that it doesn't matter," he muttered against Sherlock's cheek.
he liked the zoo, but he did. He loved the zoo. One of his favorite things about John was that he didn't always have to say that he liked doing something; he would just notice. And John would take him to the zoo.
John had chosen absolutely the wrong moment to take a sip. He choked into his cup as the door closed behind her and he realized her implication.
?" Sherlock mumbled all this without opening his eyes, but stroked John's cheek gently.
“Relaxing.”
As John remained at the mirror, cataloging this year's new lines, Sherlock brushed past him to hang a towel on the hook. Immediately after, he turned and pecked John on the cheek. "Are you alright?"
“What on earth am I going to do with all of these?”
Sherlock almost shrugged, but he was suddenly distracted by the tongue tracing the shell of his ear. Instead he managed, “If it bothers you that much if they know, then we probably shouldn’t.” He recalled with fondness that first time he’d experimented with pleasuring himself, how at breakfast the next morning Mycroft refused to look him directly in the eye. He’d deduced that the same reason Mycroft had been uncomfortable was the same reason that he’d been able to heckle Mycroft’s singing voice all his life. As illustrious as the mansion was, the brothers were not blessed with the luxury of soundproof walls.
"Yes?"
John laughed. There were still tears clinging to his eyelashes. "Told you so."
John glared. "I'm sorry if my concern for your safety is inconvenient to you."
"Chocolates are a great idea," John interjected, just wanting to be rid of the responsibility of gift-buying.
“Of course. No Quidditch match tomorrow.”
"Victor told me you were coming, Sherlock. I have to say, I was stunned. But then he told me John asked you, and, well..." He winked.
“Yeah, probably not.” John smiled and took his hand as they mounted the spiral staircase up to the stargazing platform.
“Jesus.”
"You know, Batman. Comic book? Brooding, billionaire...forget it."
“Who said I didn’t want it to happen again?”
He handed John a jumper. "Put this on, there's a chill tonight."
John studied the flecks of green and silver for what seemed like the millionth time, but was still just as mesmerizing as the first, when, in the hall at school, he'd been overcome with the urge to kiss Sherlock for the first time as his boyfriend, and he'd pulled away to see wonder and innocence and pure, unadulterated joy in those ridiculous eyes of his.
“What? Why?”
Sherlock was taken aback. “Yes.”
"What have I done?"
John glared at him, lying across the sofa with his hands pressed together under his chin. "Did you even hear me? I said my dad is
, and if Sherlock's attentiveness was anything to go by, his top two films were likely to become a top three.
Sherlock hesitated. "My dealer."
With a nod, Sherlock stood to return to the Ravenclaw table.
“You know, John, I love you.”
"You smell like flowers."
John blinked in amazement.
“After you.”
“But I
“Alright, then,” she sighed, and carefully lifted Sherlock into her arms, kneeling awkwardly to the side so that Sherlock could still reach John.
John ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls. He touched the band on his left ring finger to remind himself that there was nothing wrong with another year, especially if he got to spend it with Sherlock.
sweatshirt, actually--he'd been looking for that. "For the record, I've had a long day, too. Maybe in the morning," he suggested. Sherlock made an affirmative noise. John felt his breathing slowing, his shivers subsiding as he drifted off.
John gazed fondly down at Sherlock’s furrowed brow. He smoothed it by stroking Sherlock’s hair.
“And so…there’s room for disappointment.”
"Hello, Mycroft," John said into the receiver.
“Potions?”
“They’re new to me.”
"Yeah, but not like that. And I don't anymore. I'm grown-up, you can start calling me by my full name, thank you."
“What are you doing all the way down here? I thought you were in the library.”
"Sherlock?" he said tightly after a few moments.
“No you won’t,” Sherlock replied calmly, his head popping out from around the corner.
John looked slowly from the bottle to Sherlock, eyes slightly wider than usual, his face the picture of panic.
"Of course you can. You don't count."
“Everything alright? Bad score on an exam?”
John's friend, it turned out, was in one of Sherlock's classes, and had announced an invitation to them all that Sherlock had promptly dismissed and forgotten about. But when he and John stepped through the door, Mike greeted them both jovially.
"Let's go."
John glared at Sherlock, lounging in his chair, his stupid dressing gown draped over his stupid shoulders. He stormed from the room.
Sherlock rested his chin on the top of John's head. "Thank you."
John began the trek up to Gryffindor tower from the dungeons, wishing he could take Sherlock with him. But even without school rules getting in his way, there was Moran, who he still didn’t trust completely.
He was pulled from his reverie by the sound of his own name, being spoken by Sherlock.
“I was—I was just—”
"No, it's not that, I just..."
for socially acceptable reasons to shag me?"
"You suppo--? For God's sake." Sherlock broke away to march up to the spare bedroom, John shouting after him the whole way.
“Bugger society. This is nice.”
If anyone had told Sherlock a week ago that he would be showering with his boyfriend just before a family dinner which was supposed to revolve around said boyfriend and his birthday, he wouldn’t have wanted to believe it, because it would have been too good to be true, not to mention he would surely ruin it with his ridiculous self-indulgence and lack of control around John.
Sherlock liked to consider himself the master of confusing others with the truth. But Molly and John were saying things that shocked him to his core. John thought he was rude? Why were they even friends, then? And Molly was
Sherlock: 14
"I like to think you help make me more tolerable."
“John, there’s something I have to tell you. I’ve been working on a…case…for Mycroft.” He paused. “There’s something going on at Hogwarts, something not so good.”
“John, you have no right to—now, you hold on a moment. You do
Sherlock cocked his head and squinted his eyes, but soon exited to the sitting room without another word on the subject.
“Mmm,” Sherlock replied vaguely.
"At least he's not hacking into the CCTV."
"Sherlock." He lunged forward, taking in the purple-and-yellow blotches and gashes all over his face. He stroked his jaw gently. "What happened to you, Honeybee?"
“I daresay about half as important as you are to me.”
"No."
“I was just thinking of how cute you are, idiot.”
John nodded.
It was when Sherlock began to press himself into John’s space that his fingers would wander toward Sherlock’s curls, tracing the sinews of his neck gently before carding through his hair, drawing his fingernails slowly along Sherlock’s scalp.
John sat in the armchair and watched them play. He couldn't help but wonder: if these were just a friend's children, what would Sherlock be like with kids of his own? John thought he knew the answer, but also knew that it was out of the question at this point in their lives; they were too caught up in casework, and neither of them were likely to be willing to give up the thrill of the chase anytime soon. John didn't think they would ever be ready for kids of their own. Maybe Uncle Sherlock was the best they would get.
Greg approached from the direction of the counter. "Problem?" he said in his best Met trainee manner.
“Shut up, Harry.” The juxtaposition of Sherlock’s lisp with his bold stance finally drew a laugh from his brother.
Sherlock stared at him. “It is not my fault that you are incapable of retaining even the simplest information regarding poisons. If you wish to continue without me, by all means,
“Excuse me, why don’t
Greg shook his head. “Be careful.”
“I’m sorry, John. I’ll get us out of this mess, I promise.”
He went by Angelo's--what a mistake
John raised an eyebrow at him.
“Great. That’s settled, then. Now, what were we—”
“I can’t see how it should be. You’re always my escape plan.”
"I'm fine," he barked. Let's just get this thing cleaned up, yeah?"
Sherlock: 32
"Oh, God,
“Well, yes. Yesterday was Saturday. As far as we can tell, tomorrow is Monday.”
“What?”
"Put the hood up, Sherlock."
By the time Lestrade's team arrived, Sherlock and John were gone, the suspect safely cuffed to a lamppost on the corner with a note.
Sherlock: 17
“Dad’s rather good at healing charms,” Sherlock said to John, holding out an arm with no trace that it had ever been anything but completely healthy. John looked over at him and smiled.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Getting this off your face.”
"Oh."
"Oi, watch your language, Watson, there are children present." John whipped around. Sebastian Wilkes stood a few feet away, smirking at Sherlock.
Those were the nights that John would lie in bed, staring at the ceiling, not even making the slightest attempt to get back to sleep. There was very little that didn't cross his mind during those hours of darkness, and he tried again and again to convince himself that he dwelled equally on each subject. There was no conscious decision, no premeditated plan to do so, but John found himself desperately willing it to be so. There was nothing he could do about the way his guard dropped as he unwittingly drifted off, though, and the next morning always held the vague memory of a dream that he for some reason didn't quite want to forget.
John looked down. After the longest moment he'd ever endured, he said, "Look, Sherlock. I don't even know what to think. For a while now, I've started to..."
“I don’t suppose I have a better plan.” He grinned.
“John…”
“John.”
Sherlock smirked. "That's exactly what happened."
John’s arms snaked around Sherlock’s waist and he burrowed his head against his chest. He felt him shiver.
Sherlock didn’t mind. If he did, he would’ve magicked them ages ago. It was nice to be able to eavesdrop on Mycroft whenever he wished, and he could care less what sounds Mycroft heard from his bedroom. But John wasn’t likely to feel the same way.
As it turned out, greeting Sherlock’s extended family as they arrived was just as much a Christmas tradition as presents or pudding, though not quite as pleasurable. John stood next to Sherlock in his nicest jeans and his brand new jumper and tried not to succumb to the impulse to hide as relatives entered the foyer.
"But we're not a couple."
“What?”
"Yeah, Fitzgerald says you hung up on him," John chirped.
“Yes, but those insufferable Beauxbatons brats will be here as well.”
It was a few seconds before Sherlock realized Wilkes actually required an answer this time. “I just…saw,” Sherlock said simply.
"Yes, but how did
some ridiculous Third Date plan.”
"It seemed reasonable, considering the dormitory was vacant."
Sherlock turned to him, his brow furrowed. “Why not?”
“Well…Harry and I were very young. It was, you know, right after Voldemort was killed.”
“Of course.” Sherlock swallowed nervously. “Do you really like spending time with me?”
“Whatever you’ve got. Longbottom said he’d send me an owl tomorrow.”
"You think so?"
“I suppose. But then, I married Violet, didn’t I? I suppose that makes me mad as well.”
Tortellini and some sort of stew were revealed, and Sherlock, locking eyes with John pointedly, reached for the pasta, his smirk worse than ever, for there was rarely anything at all resembling Italian food in the Great Hall at mealtimes.
“Why are you such a child?” Sherlock laughed. “You’re two years old!” Propelled by his newfound confidence in his own self-control, he leapt up and began to tickle John, whose surprising sensitivity around the armpits left him squirming and laughing higher and higher in pitch, until Sherlock noticed his friend shrinking.
“Sherlock, what’s with the camera?”
“Kreacher, this is John Watson. He’s…a friend.”
“Sherlock what—”
John left the office staring at the ground. He was startled when he rounded the corner and suddenly Sherlock’s lips were on his. “So? What’ve you got?”
His own mother smiled. “Be careful.”
“No, that’s not—well, yeah, thanks for that, I suppose. But I meant thanks for, you know…doing what you did for Sherlock. All these years, and I still can’t stand up to that bloody woman. Some Gryffindor I am.”
He sighed, pulled on his pyjamas, and crawled beneath the covers. Perhaps he’d ask Sherlock about Moriarty again in the morning.
“I do experiments. Invent my own potions, discover the effect that poisons of all kinds have on people and how they affect their surroundings. Find antidotes which have yet to be found.”
Just so you know, I have not been able to edit this. Let me know if there's something seriously wrong with it. Otherwise, see you next week!
When John got the call from his mother, he didn't know what to say. The questions she asked drove little spikes through his chest.
“Um…” John hesitated. “The astronomy tower.”
Harry approached, her hair recently freed from an updo that hadn't lasted long. "Hello, John. Sherlock. Lovely evening."
Sherlock nodded and drew his wand once more.
John laughed. "At least there are people to watch here, though."
“As if that was ever an option,” Sherlock scoffed.
The next morning, when everyone trudged sleepily down the stairs for Mrs. Watson's flapjacks, no one noticed that Sherlock's pyjama trousers were too big and too long for him. Although the string was tied tight around his waist, his feet slipped all over the linoleum in the kitchen. Still, no one paid the slightest interest to why.
"What did you have in mind?"
Sherlock smirked and carefully did as he was told. To John’s relief, nothing happened to go wrong.
And now he was feigning casual disinterest.
“Of course.”
“Right, Watson. Just go run to your little friends and plot the next major
“No!” Sherlock said. “No, I’ll…I’ll back off.”
John watched him sink to the floor. He sat down as well before saying, "I guess I'll sit here and talk with you 'til they're done."
Sherlock shook his head. “There’s no such thing as me being ‘a little’ aroused.”
"Call Lestrade, please," John grunted.
“I’m sure she’ll understand,” Sherlock whispered, swinging his legs around to stand and take a step toward John.
John shook his head.
John threw his head back. "Sherlock," he breathed, his heart pounding against Sherlock's back. "My God, Sherlock."
“I said ‘I’m sorry,’ there’s nothing else I can do at the moment,” John muttered, kneeling in front of Sherlock again and studying the cut.
"But everyone's so
"Want to...what?"
"Why did you go?" Sherlock asked, and he sounded like the confused little boy who'd kissed John on the playground so long ago.
John smiled.
“But there’s not always a case going on,” John pointed out. “There’re times you lock yourself away for a few hours with nobody asking for help at all.”
He shook his head to clear it. He thought of Sherlock’s eyes when he’d thought John wasn’t what he said he was, and then how they had changed when he saw the bomb, and finally the way they had looked before the final standoff, when it was as though he had been asking for permission to carry out his improvised plan: an apology, regret and worry—those expressive eyes, so manipulative, so guarded, yet so revealing of the mind behind them.
“S’okay!” John insisted.
“You can’t be allowed to continue. You just can’t. I would try to convince you, but everything I have to say has already crossed your mind!” Moriarty continued.
“Why not right now?”
Merry Christmas Eve, darlings! Hope Santa brings you something you'll enjoy. (I also hope Santa leaves me lots of comments under this here fic-mas tree...)
"Have you seen John?"
That was how he found himself in Defense Against the Dark Arts amidst a shuffling group of fellow Ravenclaws, who faced a large trunk which had been dragged in by their professor.
Sherlock nodded. "One of the knights was killed in a staged joust. Of course, everyone thinks it was an accident, but it's not."
“Piss off, Anderson,” he replied, passing him by without a glance.
of December. Sherlock didn’t hesitate to remind him that ringing in the New Year with a raucous celebration was pointless, because it meant absolutely nothing, and nothing would change when it came. John didn’t argue. He knew it was true. All it meant to him that the year was ending was that they were that much closer to going back to Hogwarts and not being able to have lie-ins like the one they had that morning.
"Maybe we'll see each other around sometime."
They fell back into silence.
"Exactly. They're too young to be...dating."
Aaaaand this note got really long, but in my defense, this is the first big project I've finished. I have so many half-finished AUs and WIPs that this is really something unbelievable. Thanks for sharing that with me.
"They called
“I don’t want to risk being insensitive in the future. I’m not really known for my people skills, and although you seem to like me, I’d rather not have that changing because of my big mouth.”
Sherlock was afraid of that. He didn’t even reply, just returned to his friend on the sofa.
"Piss off, Buttercup."
An idea occurred to John as he watched her make her way over to it. "My god, I hope she doesn't try to spike it."
He felt John's cheek press against him as it lifted, his smile widening. "It does, doesn't it?"
“Fuck you, Sebastian Wilkes,” John muttered as he approached the portrait of the Fat Lady.
He sighed. "I'm--I'm fine. Bad dream."
John blinked. “Alright, then.”
John shook his head. "Alright. Let's get this over with."
John was startled almost beyond speech by the request. “Les-Lestrade?” he stuttered. “But…why?”
"Don't act like that's some outlandish dream, Captain Sherlock."
“We could use some tea.” Sherlock marched up the stairs, dragging John along as well.
Sherlock: 5
“Now, hold on. Let me get my kit, would you? Jesus.”
“No. I’ve got better things to think about.”
Sherlock sighed a long-suffering sigh. “In the future I would be extremely grateful if you would refrain from forwarding pictures of cats with beakers, regardless of the superimposed jokes included.”
Sherlock shrugged, still mouthing at John's throat. "I just am."
John let him, clearly afraid to do otherwise. Sherlock smiled at the thought, an actual, genuine smile.
“A few moments after it is ingested, the truth flake will compel a person to speak the truth. Many believe it is most effective when used in a 99, but that is widely debated among—”
Opening gifts with the Holmes family proved to be quite a comical affair. Both Mycroft and Mummy Holmes were adamant about taking turns, and so a certain pattern played itself out with each round of gifts. Sherlock liked to tear open his presents violently, but only when Mycroft was poised and ready to open one of his, forcing him to wait until Sherlock had finished.
Holmes take care of it!" as Sherlock stood at the corner with his hands at his sides and his brow furrowed.
"Hmm." He nodded.
“But now you do.”
“He’s nice company.”
Sherlock's eyes lit up. "A dog?"
, was his reply, because he just didn’t know whether he should even tell Sherlock where he was, plus Sarah had shot him a look and he took that as the signal for his phone to be put away for the afternoon.
"Sherlock, there's n-no p-point." John tried to hang onto his arm as he crawled out from under the blankets and opened the door.
"Don't!" Sherlock shouted suddenly, and then John just looked puzzled.
The next two days saw John more and more frantic as the owl he’d been expecting was later and later to its destination. He’d ordered Sherlock’s gift, as well as one for Mr. and Mrs. Holmes and one for Mycroft, a week ago. It had been due to arrive on the morning of the 23
"Because I withheld sex."
“So a tour of my house qualifies as a date?”
John glared at his pout for a minute, then helped him out of the swing. “Okay. But you can’t fall.”
“Ready to eat?” Sherlock’s father said with a sort of relieved sigh.
John grinned and nodded.
“Well, hello.”
"John is gonna love it," Victor said, straightening the crown atop Sherlock's head. He'd been a valuable resource in finding a costume--it turned out his scavenging skills were nothing to be scoffed at. The outfit he'd found was a touch too roomy in places, however, and at the moment he was busy fastening bits of fabric in the most flattering way possible.
“Come on, Sherlock, can’t we just call it a night?” John whined. It was nearing midnight, and they were still in the freezing dungeons. Sherlock had been fruitlessly quizzing John for a solid four hours, pacing back and forth, squeezing every drop of knowledge of poisons from him and then, when the result was unsatisfactory, throwing his hands up in frustration before starting all over without so much as a word’s warning.
and so I wrote her
John laughed. "At least you're honest. That's more than you can say about most."
It felt that way to Sherlock and John, at least, after about a million drinks. Greg had to agree; watching Sherlock and John completely plastered had to be the highlight of the night. The next place on the list was just around the corner, but in the time it took them to walk there, they got into two playful shouting matches and what felt like the beginnings of foreplay before Greg had to break it up.
" John sang in response.
Sherlock sighed. “I’ll just leave.”
"Thanks, Greg."
“Oh, um—”
“John,” Greg began.
John managed to take a breath before Sherlock’s hands were on him, divesting him of the outer, explosive clothing. “Alright?” he said, breathless, and when John didn’t answer, more urgently: “Are you alright?”
Sherlock began leading him down the street once more. “You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
He was starting to hyperventilate when he found his father talking to some other parents outside a toilet. “Dad,” he said breathlessly.
John shrugged.
"Fine, erm..." Sherlock thought about everything he had ever deduced about Sarah. Her musical preferences, her family life, even her grandfather's fondness for pipe tobacco. He couldn't recall ever having noticed any particular sweets she favored, except that he remembered her going on about coconut one night when John was supposed to be spending time with him and she'd showed up to his house unannounced. In that instant, he spotted a box of coconut-flavored chocolates and picked it up. "Doesn't she like coconut?"
"None?"
"You decided the most efficient way to slice a cucumber would be to slice
Sherlock glared. “I’d like to see you try.”
The rest of his mind was occupied by the sensation of dry-humping his boyfriend hands-free. It was like being seven years younger in a parallel dimension. Sherlock rutted against him with the head of his cock peeking over the waistband of his underwear and his shirt rucked up around his ribs, so that their bare stomachs were in constant contact, and their chests heaved in time with their movements and each other.
“Of course not.” As he sat, Molly continued, “John, this is Sherlock. He’s new.”
“Bet you the second’s even better.”
"One--one month," John stammered when Sherlock rested the arch of his foot right over his crotch.
He took an irritated swig of cocoa and returned to the essay he was working on. It wasn't due for another two days, but he had run out of things to do in his hall. If it hadn't been for the cold, and his unwillingness to venture out in it, he wouldn't be writing the damn thing. He would likely instead be at dinner with John, whom he had turned down in favor of staying warm, holed up in his room.
“That’s not a bad word, stupid!” John shot at his sister, quick to defend his smallest friend.
“Nonsense. If you wait just a few moments, I’ll have Dad take care of it.”
“Fine. That’s—that’s good. Right.”
“Oh. I suppose I’m obliged to urge you to be safe?” Sherlock yelled back.
“Seriously!”
"Play what?"
John let out all of his breath in a rush, but didn't answer for a few moments. "Yes, I think so."
Sherlock’s head shot up. “Of course not.”
Sherlock nodded.
Great, his mind was even warping his memories.
home, Sherlock. It would have been under-dramatic for me to let you."
“Fairly regularly. Mycroft hates it, he’s been trying to catch me in the act for years.”
“Hmm?”
“It’s like you’re
“Absolutely not. Your parents are wandering the house.”
“Where will we sit?”
"Spin the bottle!"
“Oh, come on Sherlock. We can’t all be mad enough to ignore sleep.”
"Yeah?" John said, still turned toward the sink.
Sherlock didn't just have a way with toddlers. He was equally as great at dealing with teenage clients and month-old infants when he came into contact with them. He had even developed a lovely dynamic with little Archie, after having first met him for the wedding. When John's cousins came up from Devon every year or so, Sherlock would spend hours reading with Archie while John caught up with his mother. The last time they'd visited, Archie had bypassed John altogether and held out his arms for Sherlock.
John stared. “This is your big plan for rest? Getting really bloody uncomfortable at the top of the astronomy tower?”
John considered it. "Not that bad. Kinda wet."
John took advantage of his silence. "Sherlock, what would you have done if that had been me? How would you have felt?"
know, then.”
“Dammit, Sherlock, I’m going to bed,” John said, pinching the bridge of his nose before gathering up his things. “Thanks for the help,” he added, his sarcasm extracting a strange look from Holmes.
John rolled his eyes, but did so anyway, brushing dust from them. Sherlock donned his own ears and took John's hand for the first time since leaving the flat.
“Now, concentrate. And go.”
John jumped in to save him. "I would at least expect you to be rational."
"Oh, he's just had a fright. See it all the time with spouses. No worries."
“Oh. Sherlock and I were just having a wash, and—well, we forgot towels.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes as soon as the boy had turned away.
“But I want to see where you live.”
Sherlock didn't answer.
"Are you going back up to the castle? If you see Clara, could you tell her I found that book she was looking for? We're going for a new strategy on the Quidditch pitch." She smiled. "You boys don't know what you're in for."
Sherlock shrugged. “I never cared.”
of me. Trust me, this is something I know from experience, remember? I spent years trying to keep a girlfriend, and you know how that turned out." He moved back in to keep snogging, but Sherlock wasn't having it.
Sherlock: 8
“You saw?” Wilkes said skeptically.
“Sher—” He cut himself off with a groan when Sherlock reached in between them to palm his erection, and he had to force himself not to melt into a puddle at the other boy’s feet. He hadn’t realized how long he’d been waiting for this. He’d been so patient without even knowing, but now that it was actually happening there was no going back. His own hand found the bulge at the front of Sherlock’s trousers and squeezed lightly in return.
John: 8
“Twenty fit girls, one right after the other? Nah, can’t see the appeal in that
Of course, none other than Sebastian Wilkes decided to turn up at that moment. He greeted John jovially. “John! How are you?”
He showed her the message, and she burst out laughing. “He really isn’t very observant, is he?”
The room fell silent as John slowly pushed open the blue door.
John decided to give the detective time to answer instead of pestering him further.
"Come with me" Sherlock ordered, grabbing John's hand and slowly leading him into the bedroom, closing the door with a light thud.
"And what case would that be?" John asked, hearing an audible groan from the other side of the room almost immediately.
Sherlock paused for breath.
And John wished he would care because the injuries Sherlock kept getting also appeared on him. John had long since accepted that Sherlock was his soulmate but the detective seemed completely clueless.
Ever since the start, he supposes. He only realised it after Sherlock fell to his death, however.
"Are you forgetting I'm a world famous detective with amazing deduction skills John?" The cheeky detective replied, ecstatic at the answer John had given him.
"Of course I have, John. And your next question is most likely about me knowing that the both of us are soulmates.
Once finished he led John into the living room and down onto the sofa, gripping onto John's shirt as he did so and as they sat down he pressed his lips on John's.
Thankfully, everything was genuine.
Sherlock calculated back in his head, how long had it been?
John kissed back almost immediately, moving his hand up to Sherlock's hair and running his fingers through the curly mess.
John slowly lowered himself on the sofa so he was laying down and Sherlock was on top, he ran his fingers through Sherlock's gorgeous curls and slid his hand down to cup his cheek.
Boring.
"I love you too, Sherlock Holmes."
"Nightmare" Sherlock corrected.
But today was a day for them.
John had heard it from outside 221b, even before he entered the flat he knew something was wrong. From what he could make out he could hear the sound of pans being flung around and gunshots.
"I couldn't identify it John." Sherlock sounded more defeated than he ever had.
"I wasn't going to say that, John. I was going to say that I am adamant that we test the theory."
JOHN:
The consulting detective made his way quickly back up the creaky steps of his flat in Baker Street, he entered the kitchen; gathered the dishes and began washing up, he wanted to be finished as quick as possible so he and John could spend all day together without having to do any chores.
"Well it's a cold case but I've picked it up! A woman killed in 1991, but the case was never solved, John, this is perfect!" The detective babbled on.
"Nothing, John, I didn't cause it"
The room fell to silence soon after. It was generally non-awkward but the air tingled with unanswered questions and thoughts about what's going to happen next and if John would ever proclaim his love.
JOHN:
JOHN:
Since he was young, John had always found injuries on his body and felt the pain from them without actually having caused them. He didn't understand why it was happening until his sister told him about soulmates.
"You left me and I can't do it anymore, I can't survive without you here, my conductor of light." Sherlock finished with a shaky breath.
Love.
So, Sherlock was either bored or upset and John was eager to find out which it was today.
It was time to tell his flatmate about soulmates.
Sherlock quickly hustled John into the lab where Molly was ready and waiting for the crime solving duo with a bag full of evidence from the time of the crime.
John stiffened at Sherlock's words.
In short- it was not the death that Sherlock Holmes ever thought, ever considered John Watson would receive.
And yet Sherlock felt like every single vein had been torn apart, flushed away along with every single tear he had ever shed. His voice hoarse from screaming and his ears ringing from gunshots.
John had always assumed that Sherlock either didn't know about soulmates or resigned not to care. Lovely.
I've never been the best at speeches John but I thought it was about time, I figured I owed you that much." Sherlock continued,
'I won't do it again'
Sherlock coughed and hummed.
His other free hand went to the detectives chest, tracing the buttons and creases.
Walking away into the dark of the night. Headed for 221B.
Who was brilliant and amazing and so incredibly clever it still made John stagger.
That was until Sherlock came rushing up the stairs and into the flat one day.
He could never fully understand how someone could gather so many injuries and concluded that they must be careless.
He pulled back, giggling softly.
Sherlock looked terrified.
Maybe today, however, he might succumb to eating seeing as the men both agreed they'd take a break from cases today, sure enough they would resume the next day.
"I found a new type of ash" Sherlock simply spoke, his voice shook as he said it and John knew there was more to come.
Oh my god. The doctor thought to himself.
It was mundane. It was normal. Ordinary. Uninteresting. Uneventful.
Sherlock paused his kissing to take a breath and began to undo John's shirt as he did so, locking lips again as soon as he was shirtless and soon after John had stripped Sherlock of his purple shirt also.
"Hmm we could" The detective replied with a small smile, stepping back so that John could lead them.
"Yes" The Consulting detective answered.
John ran his hands and gripped Sherlock's hair, at the same moment Sherlock let out another groan.
"Married to your work, yeah, Sherlock. I know" John cut in, Sherlock paused for a second before correcting him.
"Please never leave me John. I love you"
When he got shot in Afghanistan he quickly realised that his soulmate would feel the pain and see the injury and silently apologised to the poor soul.
'I stop wasting time on tears, I live another fifty years, it's not enough." Sherlock taps into the entry space of John's long since updated blog.
I remember once, you stood here and asked me for one more miracle, you asked me to stop this, to stop being dead.
Greg let himself out of the flat and the two flat mates didn't hear anything from the DI for three hours.
And then Sherlock came back and there was anger and outpouring of deceit and betrayal and John Watson was hurt.
In all honesty all John wanted to do was rent a flat.
"I said, STOP!" The man raised his voice and at the same time crushed his lips down onto the detectives beneath him.
"Can I kiss you?" He asked Sherlock "I'd very much like to" he added with a smile.
"Before you say anything else John there's some stuff I need to say."
Boring.
"In the Kitchen, Sherlock. What's wrong?" John replied quickly, adding a mug and teabag near the kettle.
He died. In the nightmare he had, John had died and it had broken him.
And in one stupidly beautiful moment John realised that it was love.
"Is that all you need?" The DI asked, seemingly wanting the meeting to be over.
The case ends and questions are left unanswered.
"We should take this back to the flat, don't you think?" John spoke up sweetly.
"Not yet, stay here a little longer, please." Sherlock silenced John by pressing their lips together and holding his face between his hands.
"John, my stomach feels all fluttery."
The detective and John had been in a relationship for just over a year now, he was ready to promise the doctor the rest of his life.
She was found dead in the cemetery and her boyfriend at the time was the main suspect. DNA evidence proved he wasn't the culprit though." Lestrade said with speed, hoping to evict Sherlock from his office as soon as humanly possible.
"You got shot whilst on a rooftop John, you fell."
Wednesday 22nd November 2017.
The broken man moved back into his living room, sitting on the floor and getting ready to switch off.
'I'll be home in the next ten minutes, I want you to do it again. SH'
His hands stung from fingernails digging in to bloodied skin in clenched fists that were far too tight.
Shaking breaths turned into sobs that drowned out the sound of a forgotten needle falling back onto its dish.
He briefly remembered catching his leg on a sharp part of the metal from the cab's door.
John heard the door slam downstairs and let out a sigh.
He was in love with Sherlock Holmes.
The pounding pain that crashed through his heart like lightening, striking all the corners of him. Leaving him unable to move, think, breathe.
He finished and went back to running his tongue up and down the door.
"Sherlock, you okay?" He asked with some  concern.
Sherlock sat up quickly and reached for the medical kit, taking the gauze and pressing it into John's palm and then wrapping a bandage tightly around it, snaking it over his wrist.
BORing.
And then he had met Sherlock Holmes, a consulting detective and soon they were flat mates and running round the streets of London solving cases.
Wouldn't he?
"It's for a case, John!" The reply came quickly and was a little muffled seeing as Sherlock was still preoccupied by the wardrobe.
"He must've licked the wardrobe or something- people have strange kinks."
"Yes, John?"
John took a deep breath.
Sherlock wrote about what could've been if he'd had the courage to say the words.
Raw. Tragic. Unending.
Heading up the stairs to the flat he purposely stepped loudly, making his footsteps sound like that you'd hear from an elephant.
Love.
Hope you like it though!
The kiss was slow and steady, soon quickening in pace.
Thank you! X
John walked ahead and waited for Sherlock to catch up, then reached for his hand and interlocked their hands together.
Thinking he had done wrong John began to pull his hand away but after making eye contact with Sherlock again he could tell that Sherlock wanted his hand there.
For some reason Sherlock was feeling restless and decided to tell John a whole host of pointless facts.
Thank you for sticking it through until the end! I'm sorry that this took a little longer but I'm not home at the moment, I'm actually on holiday but I still wanted to update it!
Sherlock tells the story to the world, the story of John Watson.
John, without a word, swooped down and left a fleeting kiss on Sherlock's mouth, and then was gone.
Could you do that? For me? John? Just stop this. Stop being dead.
"John! I've got it, I've been up all night looking at the DNA and I think we have a match!"
"With what Sherlock?" The Doctor asked again.
And then at last he got a reply, his phone chimed twice and he swiped to the right on his screen to display the message,
