It didn’t sound as odd as the flashes Steve remembered from his own dreams, though Tony remembering his dreams at all was certainly strange. They hadn’t been arguing last night, so it couldn’t have been a holdover from whatever they might have gone to bed angry about. No, it just sounded like a run-of-the-mill nightmare, but he doubted Tony wanted to hear his husband invalidate his nightmares. He brushed Tony’s hair back from his forehead and kissed him there.
“Right,” Tony agreed. “Nobody likes to be cheated on, and no matter what Twitter says, there’s never a time when cheating is okay. But that’s a topic for another episode. We’ll be right back after this break to talk about the best ways to have a conversation about moving and long-distance relationships with your partner.”
Now, he couldn’t be sure, but he was pretty sure they hadn’t had a black and white light earlier that morning.
Tony smiles at him and nudges Steve’s side with his elbow, laughing again when Steve makes a fake wounded sound and clutches his side. “I know. Thank you.”
Tony arrives a few hours before their scheduled meeting time, although Steve can’t tell if that’s because that’s the way the flights worked out or because Tony
“I—well played.” Tony glares at him; Steve gives him a lopsided smile. “Still. He’s not something we have to worry about anymore. And, uh, and Carol’s back now too. Decided she was gonna take a break from saving the universe or whatever so she’s back on Earth, turns out she’s friends with Nick Fury, so that was weird. I didn’t know the man had friends.”
mostly because it was a romantic advice show run by men, whereas the organization viewed that as the rightful purview of women. More recently though, they’d run a denouncement campaign because one of the show’s fans had uncovered that neither Tony nor Steve were straight. Pierce had just laughed it off when he’d first found out Focus on the Family were threatening to boycott them, but with money thrown into the equation, things might be different now.
Steve knows better than to ask what her current mission is. He knows it’s personal, knows it has something to do with her past, and knows that she won’t tell him even if he asked.
Rhodey snorts and Carol makes a sound that could plausibly be called a cough. “He is but if you think that would ever make him do a thing for that boy—”
“I know what happened between us,” Tony snapped back. “I was there too. I was just as heartbroken as you were over our breakup.”
Steve glows at the praise. Maybe it’s silly, but it’s nice to be reminded that even in this oversized, clumsy body out of time, he’s still able to do some good. “Happy to help,” he says honestly.
“You wanna watch a bad sci-fi movie?” he asks, hoping to wipe that look from Tony’s face. “I won’t even complain when you make fun of the science.”
Okay, so it definitely has something to do with a special event then. And it’s probably something that Howard and Maria forgot that they shouldn’t have. Seeing as how Tony isn’t married and doesn’t have a kid, he’d be willing to bet it’s
Dawn was just beginning to break across the sky when Steve woke the first time. He was lying on his side, Tony tucked up against him with one leg thrown over Steve’s, still sound asleep. Steve smiled fondly at him and craned his neck to look out the window. It was fairly overcast, though he was sure the clouds would roll away completely by the time the sun came up. It never rained in Westview, after all.
Tony opens his mouth to reply, but before he can get a single word out, his stomach growls loudly. Steve glances down at his watch. Huh. It’s a couple hours after they normally grab lunch. Actually… that gives him an idea.
Natasha runs ahead of Tony to join him. “Hey, I told him we’re talking birthday gifts, but that’ll only buy us a few minutes, so talk fast,” she says.
of those people are you, so do you think you can take all those fancy terms you’re learning from your textbook and fuck off for a second?”
“You know my dad’s never told me he loves me. He’s never even told he likes me. So it’s a little hard for me to believe that he paid off all my customers because he wanted me to succeed and not because he didn’t want the Stark name attached to a failure. Now, I’m striking out on my own and I’m hoping I’ll succeed in this town when literally none of the rest of my family is making any money and I want…” He trails off, biting his lip.
“Believe me, I was as surprised as you are. But they are bestsellers apparently at the Elmdale Craft Fair.”
Tony scrambles away from him, nearly falling off the couch in his haste. Immediately, Steve pulls his hand back. He doesn’t know what Tony is thinking, but it isn’t good. The way Tony is
Looking back on it, Steve honestly doesn’t know how he got through the evening. Luis is out for the night at a conference in Elm Grove, small favors really. He’s pretty sure he manages to cook dinner and he’s also pretty sure that they watch a sci-fi movie after dinner, but he couldn’t have said what it was about. Dummy had, of course, come with Tony. The cat spends most of the evening wandering around the living area,
Steve: But grand gestures don’t have to be a wrong move when you’re just asking someone out. They can be a wrong move at any time if you don’t know what you’re doing. Let’s say, for an entirely hypothetical example—
Tony turned to Steve, opening his mouth, only for Steve to cut him off by saying, “I didn’t realize I’d told you Sam and Bucky were in town.”
“No, and frankly I didn’t want to either. But I could read the writing on the wall. New York had people nervous. Sokovia had people
It both surprises Steve and doesn’t surprise him at all. Tony really isn’t an early riser and Steve had gotten to the story very early this morning, too worried about Tony to sleep. But if things had gone the way he thinks they did last night, it’s not shocking at all to find Tony here. This store is their baby, but he thinks Tony in particular finds being here soothing, a calming oasis from the rest of the town.
By the end of the day, Steve’s exhausted in that good way that means he’s done a lot of good work today. He’s bent over Luis’s Table of Stuff (as Steve secretly calls it), checking on his appointments for tomorrow, when he hears Tony quietly whisper, “Oh my god, he’s a Dorito.”
It was only because Steve was already looking at Tony that he saw the minute tightening of Tony’s expression, but it was there for barely an instant before he smoothly followed up Steve’s brushing off with a jab to Steve’s side. It was the only reason he realized Tony was trying to make it
with finding him. Jarvis says he wasn’t always like that. He was obsessed with the search for a few years after the war, but then he settled down once Aunt Peggy and Uncle Grant got married, only for that old obsession to come roaring back after Tony had been born. If Tony didn’t know any better, he’d say that his dad thought Captain America was Tony’s soulmate, but that’s impossible. Captain America couldn’t have possibly met Tony when he was a baby because Captain America is dead. The most Howard could possibly hope for is to bring his body home.
“I’m getting there,” Tony says, looking up at him with oddly shiny eyes. “She disappeared. No one knew what happened to her, but her friend’s daughter used to say that she was keeping the universe safe. Turns out she was
“It’s alright, darling. I’m right here. This—” He lets go with one hand to gesture at the theater. Steve immediately misses him. “This is just an interpretation, and not a very good one at that. It’s like
Sometimes, he still feels self-conscious about his size. Spending most of his life looking and feeling one way only to change in only seconds had been disorienting, and he hadn’t had much of a chance to get used to his size before he’d been thrown into the war and then frozen in the ice. Tony’s always good to talk to though when he needs someone to remind him that this is okay, that he isn’t taking up too much room just by existing. Somehow, he always manages to get to the heart of Steve’s insecurities and allay them.
By the time Luis stops chatting, it’s late evening, the waffles have gone cold, and Steve has definitely lost his window for calling Tony about the business license. He grimaces at the cold waffles and resigns himself to thoughts of dinner at the café, just as soon as he gets all the paperwork done. Most of it absolutely had to get done today and he was counting on using the afternoon to finish it all, and maybe get ahead on tomorrow’s workload, but it looks like he’ll be working late into the evening instead.
“I don’t like them,” he grumbles, slowly climbing out of his snowbank. Even so, he concentrates hard on making a set of clothes appear, the same colors as his scales. They pop into existence, covering him from view. He scowls at the constricting feeling, but reminds himself that he has to have clothes on if he wants Steve to look at him, which he does. He always wants Steve to be looking at him, just like he always wants to look at Steve.
“You missed dinner tonight,” he says quietly, taking care not to startle Tony. Tony just huffs and rolls over onto his stomach so he doesn’t have to look at him. Jarvis sighs and sits down next to him, running a soothing hand down Tony’s back. “Ana made stroganoff, just for you. You know how much your father hates stroganoff.”
Steve pulled off of him as soon as he had his breath back. He rolled the condom off of Tony’s cock, dropped it into the wastebasket, and then jerked Tony off. It didn’t take more than a few strokes before Tony cried out and came, his come mingling with Steve’s on his chest. It was a filthy, tempting sight, and Steve nearly leaned down to lick it off of Tony’s chest before he remembered that he wasn’t doing that tonight. It was all about taking the edge off, not about the usual two or three rounds that they went.
“It’s a very famous Jewish parable,” Ana says, equally softly. “Passed down over the centuries. My mother used to tell it to me to help me sleep. I liked hearing about the people with spoons on their elbows.”
When he woke back up, the first thing he noticed was that Tony had moved away. Not very far, though, just far enough that his now-awake husband could take all of him in at a glance instead of only being able to focus on what part of him. And that was exactly what Tony was doing, eyes tracing over his face like he was trying to memorize every inch of him. Steve knew the look, he’d given it to Tony himself often enough.
though that’s something he only admits to himself in the dead of night when no one else can hear him. He made his choice. Now he has to live with it.
—warm draped over his chest. It took him a moment to realize what it was. There were dreams lingering in the corners of his mind, nightmares of people turning to dust before his eyes, of aliens pouring through a portal in the sky, and always that oppressive grief that he couldn’t shake away, no matter how hard he tried. But there were softer, sweeter dreams too, dreams that felt so real, he thought he could reach out and touch them—a fresh-faced young man holding his hand out and cheerfully saying, “Hi! I’m Tony,” an older woman who reminded him of himself smiling warmly at him as she kissed his forehead, someone hugging him in all the chaos of people reappearing.
“Right,” Tony says, snuggling closer to him. Jarvis smiles at the sweet sight he makes and cards his fingers through Tony’s soft curls. “And I got Cap Bear and Bucky Bear too.”
His silence must have caught Tony’s attention because the laughter suddenly dies away. Something warm grabs onto his hands in his lap, and when Steve looks down, he realizes that it’s Tony’s own hands. Tony squeezes them, smiling up at Steve warmly.
Tony sighs, tilting his head back against the couch to stare at the ceiling. “Thor and Bruce arrived today.”
” Tony shrieks from the backroom. A moment later, he shoves back through the curtain. Steve sighs. Great, now he has to deal with this on top of trying to figure out what had Tony so upset only a few minutes earlier, and knowing Thor, it’ll be all over the town by lunch that Stark Apothecary is going under, even though it’s not true at all.
“Good,” Tony says around a mouthful of chicken. “Not the same as the old team, of course, but I’m working on whipping them into shape. Ororo’s got the most amount of experience working on a team, which is surprising cause you’d think the SHIELD agents would, but then, she grew up with her abilities. There’s this guy—absolutely brilliant though he kind of terrifies me—he takes in kids like her and trains them. She’s been with him since she was five.”
Wanda smiled at him, warm if still a little too strained. “No, thank you,” she said, laying her own hand over his. “I’m sure he’ll show up soon.”
Well, the least he can give is an answer about the amendments, right? He sends a text to Tony telling him that he loves the idea of the mentoring program and then sits down on his bed with the copy of the Accords on his tablet and his notebook, pencil poised to write. He’s going to get through the Accords in one go if it kills him.
“Well, considering it’s my sister’s graduation and Howard, despite knowing that it’s my birthday, decided to go to her graduation instead, I think popping a couple pills and going to bed early sounds like a great night.”
“Or—I can?” Tony offers. “I’ve got a degree in Mechanical Engineering. How hard can a light fixture be?”
“I know you would have,” Tony says gently, reaching across the table to squeeze Steve’s hand. “You said you thought Zola was lying. I believe that.”
Tony tilts his head to the side. “If you’d like, I can see what can be done about putting a stop to it. This could be the shortest run in Broadway history.”
knew that it would be so easy to let himself fall for Tony again if he started staying the night and waking up wrapped in Tony’s arms. It wasn’t anything that Tony did.
“I did,” Steve says slowly. He needs to be careful about what he says here. He doesn’t want to sound like he’s attacking Tony or the Accords. “I—what is the Superhero Registration Act?”
“It’s a private box, no one’s even going to notice you’re there,” Bucky replies. “Besides, I think you’ll like the ending.”
Dinner is some sort of rice and yogurt-marinated chicken dish with a fruit salsa piled on top, plus the salad that Steve had prepared. They make light conversation as they eat. Steve asks after SI and how the preparations for Pepper and Happy’s wedding are going. The last time he’d seen Pepper, she and Happy had just gotten engaged. It’s a little shocking to realize that the wedding is now only a month away. Tony eagerly tells him all about the wedding and then asks about how the team is doing, careful not to ask where they are right now, a gesture that Steve appreciates. Steve thinks he sounds a little lonely and remembers that question he’s been asking himself for almost a year:
Oh Tony. Steve sighed, more tired than he’d been in a long time. He should have seen it. He’d thought he should be expecting a grand gesture if Tony wanted to get back together, but he should have expected that Tony would try subtlety after all those years apart. If someone had called into their show and told them that they were doing the same thing Tony was, he would have known they were trying to get back together with their partner. But he’d been willfully blind, too hurt by everything that had happened fifteen years ago to see what Tony was trying to do.
“Yep,” Steve crosses to the closet and pulls out the ropes he’d specially ordered for this session. He has another set that he uses when he’s Domming, but for this—for his art—he’d wanted something special. He eyes Tony critically and sets aside the blue ropes. They’re pretty, and would probably look great with Tony’s skin color, but not flashy enough, he thinks. The red, though, and the sparkly gold, those will do perfectly.
Is he just imagining the wistful look on Tony’s face or is that something that Tony actually wants to do? “Yeah.”
Steve took a lot longer to get back than he was expecting, a couple of hours at least. By that time, Tony had decided the rain wasn’t coming back so he’d uncovered everything, wiped it all down, called the insurance company,
He pulls away, tucking his head against the curve of Tony’s neck. “Thank you,” he breathes. He doesn’t know how Tony always knows when Steve is feeling self-conscious about his body, but he somehow does and he always comes up with something that’ll help.
He brushes Tony’s hair away from his forehead and leans down to kiss his red nose. Tony’s face scrunches up, but he slowly blinks his eyes open.
“Mr. Rogers?” a high-pitched voice said from outside. It was definitely one of those kids. “Are you passing out candy this year?”
“No, you’re not,” Bucky said, gentler than he’d sounded for the entire conversation. “You haven’t been fine in fifteen years. And I get it. What Tony did back then was really, really shitty, but what you’re doing now is just as bad. And if you’re not careful, you’ll ruin the best show you’ve ever had, on top of whatever you’ve got with Tony.”
Rhodey inhales slowly. He’s not entirely surprised to find out that Tony’s attracted to men—that boy wouldn’t know the definition of subtle if it bit him on the ass—but this isn’t the time to talk about that. Time enough to reassure Tony that this doesn’t change anything later, not right now.
Tony sighs frustratedly. He should have expected this. “No, seriously,” he insists, pushing up his own sleeve. “Look, you’re on my wrist right here. When would I have had the time to do that? I didn’t even know you were still alive before tonight.”
“Yeah.” Steve held out his hand. Tony took it, and Steve pulled him away from the wall. “Come on. First round’s on me.”
He picks up the rock, turning it in his hands. The sunlight catches the sparkles in the rock, lighting them up in shades of red and gold. They’re his favorite colors, but he doesn’t understand. This is the sort of thing that would be a courting gift, but he didn’t see anyone when he was returning to his nest, and anyway, the only person who would be courting him isn’t interested in him.
“Yes,” Nat agrees slowly, but her eyes are narrowed. Steve looks back to the TV, hoping that he seems casual enough that she’ll drop the issue.
Maria glares at him. “Don’t let Tony hear you say that,” she snaps. “He’s worked hard. He deserves this success without worrying that you’re just here because of what happened with Stark Resilient.”
“No,” Steve admits, grimacing. Tony’s brow creases. “It didn’t even occur to me that you wouldn’t be able to pass all of it.”
Tony had been a little stiff up until that point but it’s like Steve’s words unlock something in him and he melts, arms coming up to wrap around Steve’s neck as he sags into Steve’s grip. “This is nice,” he mumbles, words muffled by the fabric of Steve’s shirt. “Little uncomfortable, pretty sure the gearshift is digging into my hip, but … thank you.”
He finds Tony on the roof that night, long after the boy should have been in bed, not that Jarvis can blame him for still being awake. The Starks have been fighting for most of the day after Howard’s announcement at breakfast. But it’s been hours since Howard and Maria’s shouting turned to furious whispers turned to stony silence as Maria stalked away to sleep in one of the guest rooms, so for Tony to still be out here on the roof, he must still be upset.
It was green this time. The world was tinged in it, a not quite emerald colour bathing everything in Steve's line of sight. He almost didn't recognize where he was in that moment, the surroundings from a long time ago. The only reason he remembered was because he stepped through the door and saw his father yelling at his mouth. He had no recognition of this, his father dying when he was too young to remember him, but Sarah Rogers was standing in front of the table, in between Joseph and a little boy that looked a lot like when he was younger hiding under the table.
it onto his own body. He's not sure how it works, but the Iron Man red is forming along his forearm and Tony is staring at him with this look of surprise and devastation in those amber eyes of his. Steve's not quite sure why. Sure, Tony had told him that he didn't want to resent what had happened between them all those years ago, but that didn't mean their relationship had been restored to what it was. Steve had told Tony he trusted him without pause when asked in what felt like forever ago, but was really only a couple of hours. Because Steve did, without question, even after everything that had happened in Siberia. Even after Tony came back from space and slammed the arc reactor into his palm,
Steve had managed to get a flight back to New York, get on without being detected, even without the beard. Sure, the baseball cap and glasses he had once sported while on the run with Natasha way back when had helped make it easier, but he was still able to board with minimal problems. Clint, Scott, Sam, Wanda, and Natasha had all said their goodbyes in the apartment they had rented that week, not wanting to risk being arrested in case this didn't go well for Steve.
"That's not what Bucky said," Sam joked, giving Steve a smile. Steve found himself scoffing and shaking his head.
She ran a soothing hand through his hair, the green in her eyes matching that of the landscape. It's where he got those speckles in his eyes, the ones Zemo was so excited to point out before everything with Tony and Bucky had happened.
The crowd around him goes crazy. Steve can see Tony trying to rush down to him as he feels himself start to choke on the air he's not getting. So, he really doesn't notice when one of the agents around him gets in front of him, whispers
, did he hope that Tony forgave him. "It's not really going to matter that much anyway. I'll see him at the trial, probably, but I doubt he'll speak to me."
It took longer than it should have to pry his eyes open to take in the ruined land that the Compound had once been in. Bucky was still by him, though he had retreated a step back and was blinking to keep the tears at bay. Tony, Thor, and Sam were still right there, looking at Steve with varying degrees of sadness. Steve opened his mouth to speak, but his throat was dry. And instead of the pain making its way through his veins, it was replaced by a cold. It was invading him, making him want to shiver. The taste of ash and blood was just as bad as that of metal and salt water.
to keep Bucky safe restricting any other thought, but he had stalled, gave Tony time to send a repulsor at Steve to knock him off. It hadn't happened, and Steve slammed the shield down into the arc reactor.
He took a huge breath, as big as he could with his seemingly shrinking lung capacity, smiled that relieved smile he had all those years ago, after Tony had been caught by the Hulk and woken up by his roar. Gave Tony that same look, before whispering, "We won."
"Oh, so that's how it's gonna be?" Sam replied, playful smile on his face. Steve smiled, glad for the banter as he gazed around at the scenery. It was a little fuzzy around the edges and Steve really didn't want to think about what that meant. The Washington Monument was just how he remembered it, even after everything that happened with Spider-Man. Those couple of months after the team had split up had been the hardest, hoping that Tony would call and keeping an ear to the ground for anything that sounded like Avengers' business.
He didn't. Not after what he did. And he couldn't believe that he had tried to ask Tony to work with even when he was malnourished and starving and tired and basically dead back when Thanos had left only half of Earth's (and the Universe's) population to pick up the pieces of his attack. He hadn't even formally apologized to the man for the events with Zemo.
But still, the look of devastation didn't leave the brown irises of Tony's eyes as the Infinity Stones found their places on the knuckles of the stolen gauntlet. Steve felt his veins flare on fire, but it was cold, so cold, like he was going under again. The pain settled, sparking nerve endings and Steve could feel the serum trying to fix it, trying to do its job and keep him in peak human condition. His whole body went taunt with the feeling, he could feel his arm muscles straining with the power, clenching painfully and knew that his body was dying, starting from the knuckles and spreading outward.
At the sound of his voice, Steve pulled away. Bucky was looking at him with confusion mixed in with concern, but Steve didn't have an answer to any question that Bucky probably had. How was he supposed to explain to whatever Bucky this was that the future had been awful to him? That in whatever timeline that Steve had left, he had been tortured and made into a weapon?
Steve ignored them, glanced around with his eyebrows furrowed, felt the familiar hair rising sensation of someone watching him a little too closely. He couldn't pick anyone in the crowd that looked particularly dangerous, but he was still on edge as he turned to look at the three on top of the stairs.
every time Katniss and Peeta did something cute, Bruce winced when the genetically modified mutts were on screen, Nat criticized every single person's fighting form (except Katniss'), Tony looked like he was barely watching, distracted by some equation in his head that would probably be some fantastic invention. And Steve stared. Because that's all he really could do.
"You're a good man, Sam," Steve told him, glancing back over to him. The idea sparked in his brain when he glanced over at his friend and saw the light in his eyes and the goodness that was in his posture and body language.
"Cap!?" Was called from the other room, Tony's familiar voice seizing Steve's heart. With the mug in hand, he made his way out of the kitchen, scooping up the popcorn he was probably meant to refill from the counter on his way by. The New York skyline was bathed in purple as he walked into the open living room, spotting the familiar layout of the Tower circa 2012. After the Battle for New York, when the team had started bonding and instated movie nights.
Steve couldn't help the involuntary groan at those words or the thoughts that they brought to his mind. Tony loosening him up until he begged for it before sinking in all the way, connecting them in such a close way, then fucking him loose. Fucking him until all he could do was moan and say Tony's name and bare down to help Tony get off because he'll be so far gone that everything will feel good.
. It didn't help and he found himself cupping Tony's face to pull him closer, moaning into Tony's mouth as he felt the man's clever hands move down his body, flicking at his nipples but not pausing.
The smack came as a shock. Sarah collapsed as Steve stood there, not sure what to do. He only knew the gist of the yelling match was about how Joseph not getting any work and how someone hated the Irish and something about Joseph's father.
." Steve couldn't help himself. He took the step towards Bucky and threw his arms around him, all the longing for this attitude from the man hitting Steve like a train. As much as he was grateful to have Bucky back in the future, this time period was the last time he had truly had his best friend. "Okay, Big Guy, why are you acting so weird?"
"Steve?" A voice asked, and Steve hadn't realized his eyes were sliding shut. He tried to open them to see who was talking to him. "Come on, Steve, you have to stay alive."
He's on the gurney, Tony keeping step with the ambulance people as they load Steve into the back. He mumbles another apology as Tony climbs in beside him and grabs onto Steve's hand. When had they undone the handcuffs?
"It's me, Peggy," Steve told her gently, taking a step forward. "I'm a little late for that dance, I think."
Steve turned to the T.V, staring at the screen. "I'm just ready to watch the movie." And if he spent the movie staring at Tony, that was nobody's business but his.
"I'm so sorry, Buck," Steve felt his shoulders raise to his ears with tension. "I'm so sorry for everything, this is all my fault."
"Was it worth it?" Tony asks, cutting through the silence that had fell between them again. Steve doesn't answer, but knows it anyway. Can feel the way it digs into his chest, a punch to his heart. Knows the way it grabs onto his spine and holds it. It burns his throat, makes him feel like he's having an asthma attack again, even if he knows he can't have those anymore. And when Tony scoffs, shakes his head, and stands to leave, Steve can't force it down anymore.
"Stop talking like that, Steve," Tony demanded, his hands grappling across Steve's uniform. Steve could still feel how shaky his hands were as they tried to look for the straps to take the suit off easier. "You're going to make it. You're going to keep doing your therapy circles, you're going to keep training the new members of the team, you're going to keep being a pain in my ass that I pretend I'm not fond of, you're going to come to Morgan's birthday party and get her art supplies that I'm going to get her in trouble for drawing on the walls and then have you come over and immortalize the drawings with your stupid, fantastic art! Steve, you can't die,
"Around somewhere." Steve knows that even if he told them not to follow him, they're either in a country close by to help he get out of a bind, if they aren't in America already. He hopes they don't come until it's safe for them to do so. "Rhodes?"
It's a good thing this was only a vision brought on by the stone. Steve didn't deserve Tony. He never would.
This time, when he opened his eyes, Steve's world was bathed in crimson. It reminded him of Wanda's powers, the red swirls of magic that danced and swirled through her fingers and found himself taking a moment to take in the sky and the way the sun bared down on him in rays more red than usual.
Tony had known this was coming, had been telling them for ages. It was Steve's fault that he didn't listen. The world need Tony Stark. The world didn't need Steve Rogers -- hadn't needed Steve Rogers ever really. He had been a fluke, that one lucky soldier to be chosen for Project: Rebirth and have it work. The mantle of Captain America could be past along -- was being past along to someone who deserved it, would be the man the world needed as the hero.
"Cap?" Sam asked, his voice barely a whisper. Or Steve just couldn't hear anything. And he didn't try to speak again, just nodded his head minutely. On the edge of his vision, he could see the people he had just fought with bowing their heads.
She wrapped her arms around his shoulders, and he squeezed her in the hug, having missed her even if she had died only a couple of hours ago.
After a few long moments of the two of them just clutching each other, Sarah moved his head back and cupped his cheeks, rubbing her hands through the dirt and blood and whispered, "Oh, Steve."
Sarah cupped his face, the blood still on her's, and wiped his tears away with her thumbs, "Because, and you listen close, Steven..." Steve watched himself sniffle, a minuscule nod barely seen before Sarah continued, "... you always stand up."
"Sam," he rasped, moving the arm with the shield on it. It sent a flash of pain through him, which surprised him, but then he remembered that Thanos had cut that arm open and he had been using the straps to hold it together. However, the pain was muted and he knew it wouldn't be long now before his body shut down. He needed to pass the mantle on now. "I think-" he wheezed, tried to inhale and felt the shallow breath barely enter, "-I think this is yours."
"I hope you don't mind," Steve said once the two of them had stopped shaking hands, "but I'd like to steal your wife for a dance."
The street was not as busy as it would have been today, the architecture different, and it took a moment for Steve to realize that he was back in the 1940s. But, he himself wasn't back to the body he had been used to in that time, the small sickly one. Instead, he was post-Project: Rebirth, though he was wearing a plaid and a pair of slacks, feeling the hole in the side of his shoe as he turned. The world was tinged blue, something that Steve only started to notice when he truly look, had to get himself to focus, but it was hard. It hurt his head more than it should have.
They stare at each other for a long time. Tony behind his sunglasses, though his hand is tapping on his knee from where he's sitting, his mind obviously still thinking. He was never the one to ever sit still. Even when he was asleep beside Steve, he would wiggle and toss, his mind never able to shut off. The only way Steve had been able to get him to stop was to wrap him up in his arms and put a leg around Tony's. And as much as the silence is damning, a show of what their relationship is like nowadays, Steve's still relieved and happy to see Tony's okay and safe.
When he was half-way up the steps, he understood why he felt so on edge. On the back of the SHIELD agent in front of him, a small red laser blinked on and moved around, lining up the shot. Steve turned his head, saw the shine of the scope in the window of the building across the street and found himself swearing under his breath. With a growl, he shoved himself into the back of them in front of him, the man falling with a yell just as the gunshot sounded and the bullet planted itself in his flesh, somewhere near his neck.
"Now come on," Bucky motioned to the bar they were standing in front of, a small smile playing on his lips, "Stark's in there waiting for that dance."
He stood, walked to the windows to take in New York. It seemed to be pretty well fixed from the Battle, the streets still alive at this time of night. The purple was starting to pulsate, like it did in the other visions, and Steve could feel that it was starting to get harder to breathe. A hand on his elbow made him turn to Natasha, who smiled gently at him.
"Steve, baby, what's wrong?" Tony's panicked voice broke through the ringing in his ears and Steve squeezed his eyes shut as he felt Tony's hands on his back, massaging at his muscles. He shook his head, hoping that Tony would get it, that he didn't want to be touched, that he didn't deserve Tony touching him. Pepper deserved it. Pepper had been there for Tony through it all, since before he even announced that he was Iron Man. What right did Steve have to his heart? What right did Steve have to even be his friend anymore?
Steve watched Joseph falter at his mother's nerve, before he was fleeing out the door. He glared at Joseph's back until he couldn't see him anymore, glad that he was dead. If this is what he would have acted like if he was still alive, good riddance.
again, go on that adventure with Bilbo before finally falling into a peaceful sleep. On that wasn't plagued with ice or aliens or the heartbroken expression of acceptance when Tony had thought Steve was going to slam the shield down on his neck. He wanted
It was peaceful. Even with the sky already pulsing a muted yellow, Natasha not in sight, it was nice. Steve gave Sam a look, picking up his pace to pass the man, before he was saying over his shoulder, "Race ya!"
Steve shook his head, couldn't stop shaking his head. Bucky was taken apart, piece by piece, and put back together because he didn't search for him back in 1945. Sam was a war criminal because he had decided that following Steve was a good idea. Nat was dead because Steve had assigned her to Vormir with Clint. Tony had almost died in space, the dark expanse of nothingness, because Steve had said
Not even the uncomfortable feeling of his hands in handcuffs trapped under his torso is registering now.
Peggy looked over to Daniel, the two of them having a silent conversation. Steve had seen Nat and Clint do it all the time on the field, had also seen Tony and Pepper do it during points when she would visit the Tower. Steve didn't want to think about that he and Bucky used to be able to do it too, during the War. He also didn't think about the fact that it had been a long time since he knew somebody like that. Though, Natasha and him had been able to do it in certain situations.
Steve tried to shake the memories that rushed to the foreground of his mind. Tony, laying on the cold cement ground in Siberia, mask ripped away and face bloody, the expression one of distasteful acceptance. He had been ready to die. He had seen Steve over him, shield poised to slam down, and he had barely done a thing to stop it. And he could have. Steve hadn't realized it then, the adrenaline, the
name in the two years after Siberia. During all the visits where his Bucky was half there, poking fun and straining to make it seem normal between them. It was odd that Bucky seemed to always know who Steve was smitten on. And even with the ideals that they had grown up with (and the fact that it had been illegal), Bucky seemed to not care that Steve was attracted to men.
Tony took a step forward as Steve turned back to the purple skyline. It was glowing brighter now, the violet blocking almost everything out. "Really, because you're looking pretty pale there." He felt Tony touch his elbow and closed his eyes, focusing on that warmth as the back of his eyelids glowed purple due to the light.
Peggy choked on her tears, moving out of her husband's arms and into Steve's. He squeezed her, just taking in the feel of her body and let the love that he had missed out on wash over his person. Peggy's tears were staining his shirt, but Steve could really care less as he clutched her close to him. When she finally pushed him away gently, wiping her eyes, she turned to her husband, "Steve, this is Daniel Sousa. My husband."
"No," he says quietly as Tony reaches the door to leave. He knows Tony heard it, sees the way the man stops with his hand on the door handle. Tony doesn't look back, doesn't acknowledge what he said. He opens the door and Steve watches his back until the door swings shut behind him.
Steve sunk to his knees, staring at Sarah, who was suddenly in front of him and wrapping her small arms around Steve. He clutched back, felt the tears start to stream down his face, burrowing that into her shoulder like his doppelganger had. The sent that was distinctly
"Ah, finally, we can start!" Tony smiled, brown eyes alight with something close to happiness. Then, he made grabby hands at the mug in Steve's hands. Steve moved forward, setting it down on the low coffee table near Tony, the popcorn being passed to Thor and Bruce, before settling in between Nat and Tony. "Who's ready for the Hunger Games! I hope you're ready for this, Katniss."
Steve felt a hand on his knee and turned his head to look at Natasha. Everything changed in that moment. The landscape turned barren, the world glowing an eerie colour of orange that Steve knew he would see in another one of these scenes. He was standing in a small layer of water, though he couldn't feel any of the coolness that should be seeping into his uniform's boots. The scaled armor that Tony had built during the five years after the snap to now was back on his body instead of the sweatpants shirt combo of movie night, ash, dirt, and blood clinging to what felt like his soul.
He looked around the street, recognized he was still around the time period he had went into the ice in, nodded towards a silent Nat watching him, before moving towards the house that he was in front of. The pathway was well kept, the flowers in front of meticulously taken care of. He knew almost instantly who's house it was as he made his way up the steps onto the small deck, hearing the record player through the screen door.
"Yeah, I'm just thinking," Steve told him truthfully, the idea now fully formed as the world brightened into yellow before his eyes. Steve was back on the battlefield again, the world getting darker around the edges and it took a minute for his eyes to focus and find Sam. His body ached. And not in the good way it would've after the run he had envisioned with Sam. It was like the ache was in his bones, infused in his blood. He wondered if this is what it would have been like for him if he had never signed up for Project: Rebirth but had still fought in the war. Would he had even survived long enough to feel like this? Someone shaking his shoulder snapped him out of his thoughts. Right. He had to do this now or it wouldn't get done.
“I had no clue if you were going to say yes. I know you are cautious which is a good idea considering what happened to you but oh god I was afraid you’d say no and we’d have to convince you. I’d never want you to go back to Hydra.” She said, in what seemed to be within one breath. She sat up and looked at him again. “Could my friends come over?” He nodded. She stood up and motioned towards them to come over. She saw Bucky tense as he watched five more people come closer. “It’s okay.” She said. “They’re only here to help you.” Bucky stood up as well. He looked at Steve and frowned.
“I am.” She replied. “Honestly. I just needed a break, a minute with myself. Especially after explaining everything.” He nodded. They group nodded. They understood they all lost someone at on point or another. Tony pulled her aside.
If I keep adding these Bonus Chapters I'm going to run out of chapters to post but here we go anyway.
“This is outdated now. I was taught how to hack when I was young and this was something I was taught.” She said. “I
“Calm down Stark.” It was Natasha. “It’s an easy job. We just need to stop the man from leaving. It’ll be easy. You’re just here to get a feel for what a job is and how to do one.” She said. He nodded.
“So you really are…” Pepper muttered. Tony raised an eyebrow at her. “Hello Mister Stark, will that be all?” She said. Showing him that it was really her. He smiled at her.
“Come in Tony!” Obadiah said, sounding as happy as always. Tony opened the door and sat down. As soon as the door closed Obadiah’s smile faded. Tony was wear a tiny mic that no one could see but everything Obadiah said could be hear. “What the hell do you want, you useless piece of-”
“Tony!” He yelled. Tony looked surprised. Steve was shocked. How could someone get in? Tony wanted to know how he got inside too.
“Well, the suit she took only contained enough Pym Particles for her to get there and not back. Which was why it wasn’t used.” Hank said.
“What do you want to be called?” She asked, looking up at him. “You’re real name, a name you know now?” Bucky thought for a moment.
“Isn’t it obvious? I was painting.” She said. “FRIDAY can confirm for me.” They all looked up at the ceiling, which was stupid because she wasn’t in the ceiling.
“Tony.” He said at last, and finished untying Steve. “I haven’t heard it in awhile, so excuse me for forgetting.” Tony said sticking his tongue out like a child. Steve’s eyes widen.
“Jesus, kid!” He exclaimed. “You’re hand is freezing!” She chuckled nervously. She hadn’t realized that she had given him her robotic hand.
“Steve?” He called from the waves. He was too nervous to think of anything else. Steve face lit up when he saw Tony.
“Tony? Is everything alright?” Obie asked from the living room. Tony made his way out and leaned on the doorway, his eyes fixated on the floor.
“How can we warn you if he wants you back like, right away?” Bruce asked. Tony thought for a moment.
“Pep, listen, I'm just a little busy, I promise I’ll meet up with you soon. For lunch or something, ‘kay?” Tony tried.
“He cut the breaks of Howard and Maria's car. It was not an accident.” Tony said looking The Captain dead in the eye.
Morgan sat on the couch and started to drink her hot chocolate. She wasn’t sleeping and remembered that time with Natasha. She missed her Natasha so much. Her eyes filled with tears knowing that she wasn’t going to see her again either way. If she went back without changing the past she knew that Natasha wouldn’t be there and if she
considering he had waited so long in between taking pills. He almost considered not taking the pills, but took them anyway, and laid back down on the bed. He took JARVIS out of his ear and stared at him. He tilted his head to the left, and noticed something that he hadn’t noticed before. When he held it at a certain angle it created a familiar symbol. Though he couldn’t place it. The symbol was only visible at a specific angle, and no one would know. Hell, Tony didn’t even know, and he was the one who built it. It was then that he placed it. He quickly pulled the S.I. cloth out of his shoe, and held them up together. They matched.
“Tony!” Steve called and ran into the water. He got about waste deep before he realized Tony wasn’t coming closer. “What’s wrong?” He called. Tony scrunched up his face as he looked down.
“Excuse me but-” Before she could finish, Steve jumped over the desk and ran towards the stairs. The elevator could, and probably would, be stopped if Steve tried to go in there, but there was no way they could stop the stairs from going up. The group stopped the security guards from getting to him.
“He killed my parents, then proceeded to kill my only other family when I asked for something that was mine. If he ever finds out I'm here two of my best friends wollt share the same fate.” Tony said. He was careful to keep no emotion in his voice. There was a short silence but one that was there.
“I'm alright Pep.” Steve heard Tony say. He then proceeded to see Tony and breaks a robot. Then Tony turned to Steve. “Thank you Steve, I'll explain Monday.” Tony said and gave Steve a hug. Steve hugged him back. “Tell the others I'm all right. I'll see you Monday.” Tony said as he was whisked away to answer some questions from the police officers and firefighters. Steve nodded dumbfoundead even though Tony couldn't see him.
“Of course, Sir. For you, that would take only 12 hours 45 minutes and 56 seconds.” JARVIS replied. Tony smiled and looked expectantly at Bucky.
“Cap gave the shield to the right person.” She replied before walking off to the elevator. She breathed a sigh of relief. That was close, Morgan knew if they found out they would tell Pepper and block her out until Pepper gave them the Okay to let her back in. She just wanted to know what the damn thing does. The door opened and she smiled at the bots who immediately crowded around her. She liked this, she understood why her dad liked this. Morgan checked the seats and saw the suit from before. It was red and white and she figured she’d get in the mood. She put on the suit with the helmet and finished the wiring. It wasn't hard she just had to put a few more wires back into place. She smiled at and turned the keys in ignition. She couldn't even describe the feeling of happiness when the van shuttered to life. It had worked. She had gotten it to work. She rushed to the back and let out a breath that she didn’t even realize she was holding when she saw the back was also working. It worked. She had done it. Actually done it. Her father would be so proud of her if he could see her now. How she ached to show him what she had done. Well she would settle for showing Pepper and the rest of the Avengers. Maybe even Carol would come and see it next time she was back on earth. (Morgan really liked Carol.) She looked down at the suit and noticed button on the gloves. She tilted her head to the side. What on earth were those for. It didn’t make sense the suit was just an old biker suit. Right? But what if it was more?! Morgan couldn’t resist. She really wanted to know what would happen if she pressed the button. So she did. She pressed both buttons on the hands at the same time.
“We were really worried about you, you know.” She said refilling the water glass. “The only reason why Steve isn’t here right now is because he hasn’t left the room in awhile it took both Bucky and Thor to get him out after I agreed to stay behind so he could eat.” Nat said. Tony groaned.
Tony sat up and wiped his face with his shirt sleeve. It smelt like Steve. It made Tony want to cry again. He missed Steve. He missed them all.
“What? I live alone in a tower, not in the 1940s.” He said. It earned him a few laughs and he was oddly proud of himself. They were barely halfway through an episode when there was a knock at the downstairs door.
“Yeah, you want to see?” Morgan asked. Tony nodded. She turned the phone wide and put her back to the Avengers and held the phone out so they could all see Pepper.
“First of all, Mom owns the company that makes the newest tech” She said holding up one finger. “And second of all I really want this!” She cried and flopped backwards. Steve nodded with a snort.
“I'll drive you. Bucky, I'll pay you back tomorrow.” Steve said. But he noted in the two walked out of the diner.
“I was wondering, since I’m almost 18 now, and I have wanted this since I was little, I was hoping you could take me to see the fireworks?” Tony said. Obie’s face hardened almost immediately, and Tony knew he had made a mistake asking. Obie stood to his full height, towering almost an entire foot above Tony. Tony was short for his age but Obie was also tall, which didn’t make for a good combination. Tony tensed, waiting for the blow that was bound to come. He was struck with Obie’s hand which such force that it sent him to the floor, and was promptly followed by a kick to his gut. Tony wheezed trying to get air back into his lungs.
“Who did that to you?” Steve asked, running his fingers across the stitches on his neck lightly. It sent shivers down Tony's spine.
“Well then be the best at it and you’ll be put on the map, besides, if I even touch water I’ll go back to be a Merman and there is water everywhere on land.” Tony murmured. Bruce hit his arm. “Be my watchguard alright?” Tony asked, as he hosited himself higher up the boat. Bruce rolled his eyes but nodded. Tony’s tail was not helping. His arms would’ve given out if this was his first time. Which it wasn’t. He peeked through the railings to see what seemed to be a party. “Whoa.” Tony whispered. People were dancing and playing music. It was great. He was completely mesmerized by this. But not the party, but at the man in the center of it. He was beautiful. Tony wanted nothing more than to talk to him. “Bruce!” He whisper yelled.
“What was that about?” Tony asked not looking up and also not bitter that he could hear what she whispered into the phone.
They didn't treat him any different, which was good because if they had he would've taken up Pepper offer to move. It was 50/50 split between Rhodey saying he should stay and Pepper saying he should move. But highschool sucked. And so did Tony’s life. He was sitting in class, he had transferred into Steve and Bucky’s english class instead of a free. It was an interesting class and Tony liked being in a class where he could be with his friends. And his crush. Cough cough Steve.  He had long accepted that he really liked Steve. There was a knock at the door. Every teenager wanted it to be for them, just to get out of class and of course it was never them. Tony didn’t even look up. The teacher answered it, and has a quiet conversation while everyone else tried to listen in.
“No!” Steve exclaims, horrified that that’s probably exactly how it sounds to Tony. How does everything he say always manages to sound smarmy and rude? “I just—we
,” Tony corrects immediately. “I leased it. I don’t have the money—” He stops, face flushing red in embarrassment.
Steve gets a text from Tony as he’s getting ready to go into work one morning about a week before they plan on opening the store. He glances over it and frowns as he reads it again:
“He’s as oblivious as a bag of rocks,” Natasha says. “At least when it comes to himself. Sorry, I thought it might be a date when he said it was just supposed to be the three of us. But then I saw your face and I knew.”
make you laugh. Sam and I were rolling in the aisles. Nearly got ourselves kicked out before the usher realized who he was talking to.”
“Thank you,” Tony says softly, smiling at him in that way that makes Steve’s breath catch. “But Natasha already offered her place.”
“We’ll just have to find a better one,” he says quietly. He shifts back into his salamander form and scampers off into the brush.
Tony, on the other hand, would have been perfectly happy to let their house become a pigsty, but unlike with the bickering about Tony’s taste in music, picking up the house could, and had, become a full blown argument that ended with one of them sleeping on the couch. And since Steve could go toe to toe with Tony when it came to being stubborn, and Tony didn’t have as much invested in what their house looked like, he was willing to go along with cleaning as long as their house didn’t turn into a glorified museum. There was cleaning and then there was obsession, and Tony refused to veer into obsession territory.
“Then I was serious when I made it.” His voice lowered to a mutter that Steve suspected he wasn’t supposed to hear, “Just didn’t expect you to actually say yes.”
He doesn’t know how Tony knew he was going to ask how he planned on getting the USB back, but he does know that he’s not going to like the answer if Tony’s telling him not to ask. They come from different worlds. Steve grew up with people who didn’t have a lot of money, and that made times tough, but he always knew that he had people who loved him, people who would do just about anything he asked if it was in their ability because they cared so much about him. Tony grew up somewhere where power was the biggest currency around, and whoever had the most money had the most power. Once upon a time, that was the Starks. But that hasn’t been the case for a long time. These days, Justin has more money than Tony does and that means Tony has to find other ways to leverage enough power to get the USB back.
They'd get this mess straighted out, and then he'd let Steve entice him into a proper dinner outside of the lab.
At the top of the stairs, she produced a tiny, flat clutch purse from inside her jacket, and pulled out a key. The door was dark-stained with an opaquely frosted window in the upper half; he boxed her in as she unlocked it, covering her back, fitting his fingers around her ribcage, and circling his hips lewdly against her skirt. His dick stirred, starting to search out what was underneath. “Appetizers,” he murmured into the back of her neck, tantalizing his lips with the flutter of goosebumps over her skin and feeling his own prickle up in a hot shiver of sympathetic response.
He went stock-still, thighs buttressed and knees locked. His quivering abs pushed against her fingers with every quick, shallow breath, and his cock was rock hard, straining upward, the head probably an inch out of reach from bumping her hand.
Caught out, Steve stifled a twitch. Did he know? Could he have guessed? No, no, he didn't. He was just teasing with Tony, whose support and sponsorship of the superhero team was public, and a matter of pride for the city.
He wanted to reciprocate, but it had been so many years of suppressing his feelings for Steve, all the things he'd never known how to say, and never fathomed would be welcome. He wanted to proclaim his feelings in return, but their current straits, this double-edged sword of duty and duress -- it was nothing like everything he'd ever longed for, and that gulf would render any declaration a half-truth, at most.
Tony's hands hadn't changed position; they were still outstretched atop Steve's knees, outwardly motionless. But every few breaths, involuntary muscle contractions would have a fingertip or two pressing a little harder, or sliding a fraction of an inch up or down Steve's leg.
Generally speaking, Steve was also immensely sure-handed, but he had his clumsy moments, his fool fumbles. His enhanced reflexes just gave him a better chance at recovering, say, for example, catching something before it could hit the floor.
Steve nudged him lightly with his hip as they broke away. "Course. Anything for my favorite guys." His smile fell away, the twin parallel lines of worry-wrinkle appearing between his brows. Tony had seen his gaze take in the entire space as he entered, but now Steve looked and across the room toward DUM-E. "Hey, DUM-E," he called out, just loud enough to carry. "I hear you've had a rough couple of days."
The water was perfectly hot, and the air was perfectly steamed, and their hair was plastered to their skulls, and Tony had just started working some lather through the dark strands that fanned from the scarred center line of his chest, and Steve's dick was starting to fill out just from touching his his tongue to the roof of his mouth to begin the sentence.
Settling onto one of the barstools, he immediately felt the unpleasant dig in two blunt points against his buttbones. The seats and backs of these were made of the same flat, burnished sheet metal as the bar and tabletops. He was beginning to see where the place got its name, and it wasn’t anything to do with the dishes the food was served on. Steve wasn’t one to need to be coddled, but if he was going to bother with furniture, he preferred it more forgiving than hunkering down on a hardpacked forest floor.
He tracked it for a while, waiting for each microscopic movement, the way they hit off and on with his heartbeats, the way his cock would sometimes pulse in response, and Tony would stutter through another convulsive swallow. He felt close with Tony, felt them silently sharing something. They were connected, but the points were too far between, and too abstract, and he craved more contact. He held his breath and let his left hand settle over Tony's right, heel laying over Tony's knuckles, and fingers fanned out toward his wrist. He felt the moment Tony reassumed conscious control of that hand, felt the tension even out across the back of it, and the pressure of all five fingertips equalize against his leg, but Tony didn't protest or try to pull away. Slowly, Steve spread out his hand, his thumb, third, and fourth fingers curling down to close around Tony's wrist, spanning it easily, with his thumb laid across Tony's pulse point.
The interaction before him was like seeing the Tony he'd already come to know, but in an aspect he'd never met before. Like turning the page when he knew exactly what had to happen next in the story, but not how it had been written.
God, the sight of him, wrecked like a wild man with matted hair and swollen lips, his face soaked and his naked torso gleaming with sweat, arresting Steve's eyes with his dark-dilated gaze, and
Fabric shimmering from deep crimson to nearly black in the play of light, her dress fit tight to the waist, then flared out to below the knee, an hourglass made of two divergent Vs with barely a curve in sight.
at this, gorgeously concentrated in his efforts, his carved-out cheekbones hollowed to create the perfect, filthy-slick suction and slide, keeping Steve wet and messy and zinging with random-fire spark points.
Just for Steve, the cavern of Tony's mouth making a private bathing pool for his cock, overflowing with waves that flowed down to soak his balls, and further to lap around his rim.
He remembered just in time, just before he misspoke: his wife’s name was Janet, their arrangement was open, and Starla didn’t know any of that about Roger anyway.
No... He had done better -- he had to have. And even if he was still wrong, Tony was a creator, a builder, and that also meant being a re-builder, a fixer, ferreting out flaws, finding and setting things right. If he'd somehow broken the faith and trust of his (big) little bot, he could only hope it wasn't too late to repair and restore his self-worth.
"Ah, a significant space, then. You will want liveliness, but not to overwhelm with something too ornate, nor bore with undue subtlety or an excess of repetition. Perhaps we can build a motif in bold, large blocks." He clapped his hands once, looking hopeful. "It will be a custom design? Mr. Steve can help choose the basic pattern and colors, and then I will have it completed in some weeks."
Steve had tried thrusting into his mouth exactly once, only to have Tony tap his thigh, and, with a half-shake of his head, but without pulling off, murmur around his dick, "
always do this, reel me in till I don't know which way is up, and suddenly I'm along for some wild ride..." It was rhetorical, of course. Good-natured grumbling.
"Hm? Ah, yeah, whatcha got?" Tony glanced over. The bot had turned around to face forward and had left the charging station, at least, but was still quiescent, parked a few feet in front of it with his claw-head resting nearly on the floor.
Two fingers pressed into him, scissored and stretched, and then three. Steve's were thick enough that with the trio spearing him open, he took a couple of clearly unintended brushes to his prostate. Each time, he swallowed a moan, his body shuddered with a quick twitch, and his dick filled a little fatter, hiked up a little higher. Each time, Steve paused in his ministrations, the brief cessation like an unspoken question, and Tony's lack of protest an equally nonverbal answer, sufficient for Steve to resume.
“Nice to get out of those. I feel so much freer,” she said, her gaze roving over him in a way that seemed both suggestive and a suggestion. He acceded to the hint, taking his sweet time about removing his suit jacket, knowing the movement showed off some of his best features: without ending up oversized and baggy, there was no way his shirts could be cut generously enough to avoid a pucker at the middle buttons when he opened up his chest, and his sleeves always rounded out snugly across his biceps.
Tony gave himself a new sculpt from the neck up, whitening his hair to silver that matched the armor (why had he ever worn gold; silver was so much more elegant), and carving his face with a classic pattern of crags and crow's feet. Only the appearance, of course. He was planning on actually aging exactly never.
He turned, taking them through the door where he'd first entered, into an area about twice the size of the lobby, but having a similar ambiance. Visible further back through yet another doorway was a room that made the industrial nature of the building more apparent -- a substantially larger, bare-walled space with exposed ductwork. The high ceilings, which Steve estimated at 20', allowed for the huge, thread-strung wooden frames that stood around the perimeter, bordering multiple large pieces of machinery. Amidst all of this, giant spools were wound with yarn of every vivid, pastel, and neutral tone imaginable, some of them attached and passing over, under, and through the various equipment, onto and off of massive rollers and miniature bobbins. With the many sets of strands each coming in from one angle and exiting at another, the whole works, to Steve's eye, resembled squared-off spiderwebs in marching formations.
--violence and gentleness and arousal too long deferred, sex and death rolling over and over each other, grappling for position in an oil and water clinch.
Would Tony have gone to so much trouble for a one-night stand, a casual physical arrangement? Was he so calculating to have known the only way he'd have Steve was to lull him to believe that they were laying a foundation for something sturdy, longer-lived?
to you also, Mister Stark," he said, with a slight emphasis on the foreign phrase that sounded like he could be making a correction without quite pointing it out.
Every fixture and surface was white, transparent, or silvered; every edge and corner sharp enough to cut.
This one seemed equal parts predator and self-parody, but the fact was, she’d advanced on him like an occupying army, dripping with wealth, and self-assured like she owned everything around her, including him. Steve didn’t like feeling owned.
Jellybeanforest, I love your fics, and I hope you enjoy your gift. I have to admit, I did not successfully complete the writing of this story to the full extent that I plotted it, in time to post it fully realized for this deadline. These chapters are an abridged version that functions as a stand-alone remix, but there is an additional opening and an additional closing chapter that bookend these, adding a lot of content and a few more twists.
“Here.” He set her shoulders against the chair frame and folded back down, ducking his head into the brackish, steamy tent under her skirt. Palms on her silk-covered thighs, he dove in from this side, getting his mouth around her parts. She was wet and swollen for him, slick, hot, and nasty with her drippings.
The good news on that front is that the opening chapter is entirely written, and the closing chapter is outlined and should be completed within (hopefully) another week or so. When that last chapter is finished, I am going to post the fic in its entirety, still gifted to you. Feel free to enjoy the fic now as posted, or to skip this version if you would prefer to wait and read it as fully envisioned, without being spoiled by reading the middle chapters first.
It hadn't been long enough for the water to steam up the room, but the air felt thickened, inflexible to Tony anyway, like he should be reluctant to breathe; like every pull of his lungs was disturbing some precarious balance of pressure, and the whole space was about to implode.
"He promises he will keep it safe, Captain," JARVIS translated, reinforcing with words the already markedly distinct bot-y language.
For a Stark who hadn't found the ways and means to preserve himself, an ignominious erasure was all he deserved, Tony deemed. He could imagine no possible commonality with that pathetic, lost counterpart. But where there was himself, there was always a Steve, and his own amenability to the "arrangement" the new arrival had had with his Stark was a stroke of good fortune. Whatever the nature of the relationship that had been, back in his home universe, this Steve would inevitably realize himself to be in superior hands, now.
Steve, whose shuddering, heaving body was mass and pressure all along Tony's front, his pulse beating thick and hard under Tony's arm, his throat working in hard muffled grunts that were all he could get out through Tony's locked-in hold. Tony mouthed at his ear, bit at the side of his neck, greedy for the sharp, visceral salt-and-sweat taste of him, and for the intoxicating, high-voltage current of having Steve under his control, both the portion Steve had granted him, and what he had co-opted by force.
Glancing toward the door, she hesitated, then sighed, her face softening as she moved toward him instead. She slid his tie back around to the front, unsnarling the ends and performing some complicated origami that resulted in a knot much more ornate than his usual Windsor. She snugged it up to his neck and smoothed down his collar, then laid her hands over his shoulders.
Unbelievable. There seemed to be no end, absolutely no limit, to her presumption. Steve had always admired confident women, but there were lines between confident, overly aggressive, and outright disrespectful, and in his book, she had crossed all of them. He shifted on his stool. The hot thrum of anger was beginning to steam him up, making him long for action, to cut loose and pound some pavement, or a punching bag.
Steve panted and swallowed back his own rising arousal, tasting it in the air. He wrestled down his urges; he could hold it, hold back, till... the end of the episode, the turn of the hour. Or whenever Tony said; really, this wasn't his show, at all, anymore. It was Tony's show, now, and Tony would tell him when they were done.
Steve already had his pants on, so Tony didn't have to take a gander at the dick that'd been inside him, or Steve's ass, as Steve gathered the bedding and tucked the bundle under his arm. Must've thought of the same thing Tony had.
DUM-E made a decidely dejected sound in response, continuing to "hug" the shield like a security blanket.
He'd sunk to a new depth, he thought, as Steve's hand slid suckingly free, leaving him vacant and fluttering. There was uneven movement behind him and a few muted sounds, and then Steve was gripping his hip, Steve's leg tucking up behind his bent one, and Steve's cock, thick and slick and blunt, nudging at his yielding hole.
They'd been silent since the search for survivors was called off. Now they spoke with rusty copper lips and soot-dry tongues.
"No, you're right, though. Tony's right, DUM-E. It's definitely better to do one thing the best you can, then a whole lot of things half-assed."
"Yeah." Clint finally had the decency to look abashed, his gaze flicking back and forth between the two of them. "We all thought you were-- it was-- a sure thing."
"I know you wouldn't, DUM-E. Null set. Statistical impossibility. Negative infinity. You could never be a bad guy. You're too good. That's... that's the whole point, really."
Tony snorted. “Come on, Steve, you can say the word,” he taunted, but there wasn’t any bite to it. “No, not for the sex. For what you said earlier. I know I was getting caught up in my head about the rumors, so thanks for calming me down.”
Steve doesn’t even hesitate. Maybe it’s weird for business partners/friends to cuddle like this, but Tony’s never been held the way he wants even once in his life. If this is all that Steve can give him, he wants to. He rolls onto his side, tucking up behind Tony. It’s surprisingly easy. Every time he’s done this with… other people, it’s been hard trying to get situated and figuring out a position that works. But with Tony… it’s like they slot into place, like they’re two puzzle pieces.
“Wow, Tony Stark admitting he can’t jury-rig a solution from his lab. Hell must have frozen over,” Steve comments, grinning when Tony turns to scowl at him.
“You can’t blame yourself, Steve. Emotions were running high, we’d just found out we weren’t the only kids on the block with powers, you made a decision based on the information you had.”
His strength gave out on him and he collapsed, managing to roll to the side at the last minute. Tony cuddled up beside him, sticky and warm. Steve panted, trying to get his breath back as he came down from his peak.
Her face doesn’t so much as twitch but there’s still something amused lurking about her expression as she declares to Tony, “I like him.” She turns back to Steve. “I like you.”
To his credit, Tony doesn’t seem nearly as phased by the bed as Steve was. He looks at it for a moment, clicks his tongue, and announces, “Worse things have happened. I think we’re going to get through this.”
“Because you took a job offer on the other side of the country without talking to me about it! We’d been dating for three years! You’re supposed to talk about that kind of thing instead of making unilateral decisions!”
how much power he has,” Luis had told him), but it’s the other descriptor that Luis had used to describe Stark: “He’s just—he’s pretty, you get me?” And when Steve looks at him with his immaculate beard and fluffy hair and brown eyes that catch the light in exactly the right way to make them sparkle, that’s exactly what makes him realize that this is Tony Stark and not one of the other few denizens of Schitt’s Creek: he’s very,
“No, there isn’t. But that isn’t the only Stone on Earth. Dr. Strange, the Sorcerer Supreme, claims he’s the steward of another one. And Thor and Bruce are bringing the Tesseract back here, so that’s three all on Earth.”
“Take it anyway,” Steve urges him. “I’ve spelled it for clarity and peace of mind. Seems like you might need those.”
“How about we don’t?” Steve says, pulling away from their hug much too soon. Tony grumbles wordlessly.
Something flashed red in the corner of his vision. He twisted to look at it, but it was gone by the time he fully turned. It was weird, though—looked like some kind of smoke, though he’d never heard of smoke colored red except in a magic show maybe.
“So what are you trying to do about it?” Steve asks, because if he knows anything about Tony Stark, it’s that he always has a plan.
He raises his arm, aims, and fires. There’s a high-pitched whine as the gauntlet warms up, and Tony has to fight to stop himself from covering his ears because
Despite himself, Steve feels a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth at Tony’s unique brand of irreverent humor. “I’d come in,” he says, “if you would move out of the doorway.”
“No, my parents. Anyway, resentment is corrosive so I just wanted to get this off my chest. And I feel better for it, so hey! Win-win, right?”
“Oh,” Tony breathes. “You know, Steve, I’ve been called many things. Sentimental isn’t one of them. But this—this—” He looks like he’s blinking back tears as he hugs the frame close. He looks up at Steve and manages another one of those sweet smiles. It hits Steve that he’s never seen Tony smile like that at anyone else. “Thank you. I—this means a lot.”
He turns back to his breakfast, only to realize that the enchantment keeping the spoon stirring was way too high and now there’s egg splattered all across the kitchen.
Steve chuckled. “Best act of the night. I’m glad Dottie got over her dislike enough to give them the award.”
It was harder than usual though. It was odd. Tony wasn’t normally late to their meetings. He was, in fact, one of the most professional people Steve had ever met, though he had an undeserved reputation for being extremely unprofessional that he’d gotten after quitting his first job post-college. Steve hated that reputation. He knew how hard Tony worked. It wasn’t fair that Hammer had managed to ruin his reputation so thoroughly over an unavoidable car accident. Anyway, Tony had never been late to a meeting before, not once in the five years they’d been working together. For him to be late that morning was extremely unusual.
Tony rather likes winter, which is probably an odd thing for the Fire Spirit to say, but it’s true. Winter is when people actually
The door is locked when he gets to the store and he fishes his keys out of his pocket to unlock the door. There’s music playing over the speakers when he steps inside, something classical but he’s pretty sure he recognizes it as being a cover of some old rock song. At first glance, Tony doesn’t even seem to be in the store, though Steve knows he wouldn’t take a day off this close to the launch.
died. If Steve hadn’t been close enough to grab his hand so they could share the Gauntlet’s power between them, if the rest of their army hadn’t realized what they were doing and grabbed onto them as well, things might have been very different.
He glares at her. “He doesn’t.” He didn’t tell Tony about his parents’ murder. There’s no way Tony could love him after something like that. Maybe at one time, Tony could have loved him, but that was before Ultron, before Bucky, before Siberia, and he doesn’t appreciate Natasha giving him false hope like this.
Steve chuckled. “I maybe wouldn’t go that far. But you’re right, it was much better than I was expecting. I’m glad Dottie got over her dislike enough to give them the award.”
“The frame.” Luis gestures at it with the plate he’s holding, only noticing at the last second that it’s about to drop the food on everything Steve’s working on. He quickly sets it down on the desk. “Oh shit. Forgot I was holding this. Made you some waffles.”
He never forgets what his mama told him the last time she gave him a hug on move-in day right before she left. She’d leaned in close, eyeing his new roommate behind him. Rhodey knows what she’d seen; it’s the same thing he’d seen when he first met Tony a few hours earlier: a boy just barely into his teens looking a little lost and a little lonely because he’d had to move himself in since his father wouldn’t allow anyone to come with him.
Tony sighs, putting his hands down on the counter. “There was a mob out for her head and Steve over here was causing problems in Germany; I didn’t exactly have a lot of time to explain it to her. I thought Vision would be able to explain it, but apparently he was too concerned about sparing her feelings to tell her what was really happening.”
“Oh no, they’re true,” Pierce said immediately. Steve’s heart sank. “Yeah, I’ve been getting a lot of pressure from some of our focus groups about the way you two run your show. They’re concerned about what some of the children who listen to you might be thinking.”
Just as he’d hoped, Tony smiles. It’s a little more reluctant than he’d like, but it’s still a smile. He decides he’ll count it as a win.
Steve glanced toward Tony’s office again, but Tony had long since disappeared inside. With another sigh, he headed toward his own office. He’d gotten busy over the weekend making sure his apartment was clean for when Sam and Bucky arrived for their annual visit for Steve’s birthday and then meeting Tony at the bar near his apartment last night, so he hadn’t done the research for the guest on their show that he normally did. He wanted to make sure he was prepared. He’d only made the mistake once of showing up
The next day, he heads back to the store. Tony is alone in there this time, other than that monster of a cat, no sister in sight, which makes him breathe a sigh of relief. For all his years in New York, he’s never met anyone with succubus blood before, but he’d done a little bit of research last night. It’s entirely possible that Janet had been telling the truth yesterday. If her ancestor is far enough back in the family tree and if she really didn’t get any formal schooling, it’s possible that she really doesn’t have any control over her abilities. She sees someone she’s interested in and she wants them to be interested in her too and her powers respond to that. It’s simply biology.
probably would have been cancelled after only a few years. Tony liked to tease them every once in a while by tossing them bones, usually in the form of him tweeting selfies of him and Steve whenever they came across each other in public. Steve didn’t encourage it at all, though the occasional fan fiction that Bucky sent him made him chuckle (usually the college AUs—if only their fans knew how their
“Thanks for telling us,” he said hastily, before Tony could do anything drastic (like throttle Pierce). “We’ll get out of your hair.”
“Sorry for the misunderstanding,” he says, handing the ID back to Tony. “I’m really stressed about this project. It’s been impossible to find a decent model.”
Tony calls over his shoulder, “Don’t be so hard on yourself. Give yourself twelve percent of the credit.”
“Come on, buddy, I’ll even tell you a bedtime story while I work on your coding, huh? How does that sound?”
He went up to Tony after the meeting was over, giving him a small smile. “Hey, you doing okay?” he asked.
“You know who else drinks black coffee?” Tony snips, pulling multicolored ribbons out of a box. Supposedly, they’re doused in a potion that’ll attract butterflies, but Steve was on that vendor trip and he doesn’t think he saw a single butterfly at the farm. “People without taste.”
They both turn toward the door at the same time. The knock comes again, followed by someone saying, “Mr. Stark? Mr. Rogers? Are you in there?”
Clint’s eyes narrow and Steve tries not to fidget under the cybernetic enhancements. When he went into the ice nearly three hundred years ago, mankind didn’t even
The shirt slips from Tony’s shoulders, falling to the ground to reveal the top half of a silk romper, the same bright red as the lipstick Tony likes to wear when he’s sucking Steve’s cock and edged in gold lace. A small row of gemstone buttons—Steve would be willing to bet they’re made from actual rubies because Tony does not compromise on the cost of his lingerie—splits the romper in half, leading down past the elastic band cinching tight around Tony’s waist and into his pants.
“Good night, Steve,” Tony interrupted. “I’ll see you at work.” He turned off the lamp and laid back down on his side, facing away from Steve.
Ana eventually softens, looking back over at Tony as he makes a noise in his sleep. “Oh, very well,” she says. “He
getting hurt. But I take that back now. I really hope you’re right that Tony isn’t interested in getting back together cause really, Stevie, that was just low.”
And he knows that the UN isn’t like SHIELD, isn’t a single government easily capable of corruption—capable, yes, but it’s harder, he thinks, when there are so many more countries to keep track of. But in the heat of the moment, with SHIELD on his mind and then Peggy’s text distracting him, he had only been able to refuse to sign. He remembers Nat at the funeral, how they’d still been able to be cordial despite being on opposing sides of the Accords, and he wonders if it could have been like that with Tony, if they could have entirely avoided a fight if it hadn’t been for Bucky. By the time he got to the airport, he hadn’t even been fighting about the Accords, it had all been about getting to those supersoldiers, though now, looking back on it, he wonders if Tony had thought that Steve had been willing to go to blows over the Accords. He thinks, if he’d been in Tony’s shoes, that might have been exactly what he thought, and he sees suddenly where everything had gone so wrong—when he had let Sam talk him into keeping things from Tony, when he had let Tony think the fight at the airport was about the Accords instead of the supersoldiers.
Tony was the one who eventually managed to extract them, saying, “Betty, it’s really been a delight talking to you, but Steve’s running late to pick up his friends from the airport. He’s just too polite to say so.”
“She was a fully-grown adult, albeit one who was angry and brainwashed by Hydra. But even you can’t deny that her abilities have incredible destructive power. She’s a little Hermione gone rogue.” At Steve’s confused look, Tony adds, “You know, because she’s got the magic powers and she’s really powerful and—you know what, never mind, it was a bad analogy. Point is, she put Vision through several floors of the Compound and that’s when she was only a
“Tony, are you just doing this because of what I said?” he asked, not sure how setting a new boundary would lead to Tony interpreting it as needing to be less commanding, but sometimes Tony’s brain worked in strange ways. Unbidden, his thumbs rubbed the soft skin of Tony’s hips where his shirt had ridden up.
Steve shrugs. “I remember Prague from the war. Wasn’t here very often but I really liked the architecture. Thought it might be nice to lay low here for a little while. And it helps that we’re close enough to Sokovia that Wanda can visit. You? I googled this conference, doesn’t seem like it’s up your alley.”
He keeps talking soothingly as U shuts down, the red light blinking on the side of his chassis slowing and finally stopping before Tony finishes his story. When he looks back up, Steve is watching him with an odd look in his eyes, one that Tony isn’t sure how to interpret.
Steve was adamant that, since they both had the day off and had decided to treat it as a bit of a staycation, they took the time to clean the house. He didn’t enjoy living in a messy house and now that they had two pets, it was a lot harder to keep the house picked up than it used to be. Steve felt like he was vacuuming almost every single day to keep up with the sheer amount of fur that Dummy shed.
He finishes up getting ready and grabs his bag, giving Luis a friendly wave as he heads out the door. Luis’s place is only a few blocks away from the apothecary so he walks. No point in driving when his car’s so old even Clint can’t do anything to fix it. Not for the first time, he wishes he’d brought his motorcycle with him, but he’d gotten out of New York in such a hurry, he’d barely stopped to grab his bags, let alone the motorcycle he’d known wouldn’t have fit all of his things.
By the end of the day, the store looks like a miniature tornado blew through it (it did actually, sometime in the early afternoon, when a kid opened one of the Storms in a Bottle) but they made way more than their stretch goal for the day and Steve is as happy as a clam.
“But then everyone followed you to help you take down Hydra’s soldiers. Tony and I thought that we were still fighting about the Accords. I realized differently during the fight; that’s why I changed sides, even knowing it meant breaking the Accords and going on the run. But I don’t think Tony knew until he talked with Sam at the Raft.”
Steve lets that sink in before smiling softly and bumping shoulders with Tony. “That’s really sweet of you.”
Tony rescues the robot—affectionately named Dummy, of course—and hands it back to her. “A real one, huh?” He knows so many: stories his mother told him or ones from Ana and Jarvis or that he’d heard from Aunt Peggy or Rhodey or Steve. He decides on one he thinks he remembers Ana sharing with him once. “There once was a great rabbi, who had a dream one night.”
“This.” The Captain said and tossed up a pencil. Tony, thinking fast, aimed and fired. The pencil exploded and everyone stared in awe at. Expect for the girls and The Captain. “How long did that take you make?” Tony shrugged.
“You’re smart. Your gun isn't any gun i’ve seen and I've seen a hell of a lot of guns.” The Captain said. “What does that button on your neck do?” He asked. Tony pressed it and a metal gauntlet was around both of his hands.
Tony had just finished the prototype Obie asked him to work on when the elevator dinged. He smiled knowing that if he finished, Obie would be happy, and it would be the perfect time to ask to see the fireworks. Obie walked in with a smile on his face.
“Tony.” Steve started. “Is it your birthday?” He asked. Tony stiffened at stared at his device, which was still in Pepper’s hands.
“Ms. Romanov you wound me.” He said. Natasha held a hint of a smile. Morgan caught it. “But yeah, if I was the one to crack it, why didn’t you tell them to call me? Why didn’t they call me?” Morgan panicked. Natasha and Tony were gone, two of the most important people to her were dead and now they were standing right in front of her. How could she lie to them. Natasha tough her russian and Tony was her father. They both gave everything so she could have a future.
She missed aunt Tasha so much. She missed her dad she just missed her family. She let out a gasp when she felt someone’s hands around her. Natasha was hugging her. She leaned into the touch and took a shaky breath. It was like she was five again and had everyone back.
“I know. I know. It’s just that I lost one Stark and I shouldn’t have to lose another. It isn’t fair.” He said.
“Also, there are lots of venders, and Tony’s never been. We could show him the real fireworks experience.” Natasha said with a small smirk. Tony smiled at the idea. There was nothing he wanted more right now, then to finally see the fireworks in person. Clint groaned, but it was of no use, they were off. Pepper handed back JARVIS, and smiled.
“Alright, good. Well, I gotting to get back to work. I’ll talk to you soon. Okay?” She said. Tony nodded.
“Are you familiar with the fireworks that will be set off tomorrow?” Tony asked. He could do this. He could
“I only heard the story once. It was from my dad himself. Tasha would never tell me anything about it.” Morgan said. Steve stayed silent. “He made it seem like you were the good guy. That your team was right and he was wrong.” She said.
“Tony over here has a weak ass heart. if he gets too nervous or overwhelmed with information, a heart attack is likely he's had one before.” Rhodey said.
“I’m sorry I ran. JARVIS told me that I should...so I did.” He said quietly. Natasha raised an eyebrow. Tony tapped his earpiece.
Someone shoved a piece of cloth with the Stark Industries logo on it towards him. Tony smiled and clutched it; a way to remember this adventure.
“This whole thing! I’m doing this for them! That’s the reason I am here! I’m not going to let them get killed now! Not after I did all that work to find you!” Tony yelled at him. Steve was quiet.
He explained the entire story to Pepper from the beginning, up until she’d walked in on Tony making coffee just a little while ago.. It wasn’t all that long, and Steve shorten it for her sake.
“Why not call us home? Surely you have a way to.” Natasha said. She was interrogating her. Morgan had seen Natasha interrogate once. Tony was mad. Natasha had babysat her before the whole time travel thing and trouble followed.
“Alright.” He said, finally. “I’m getting older, Morgan and I may not be around for another birthday so I’m going to tell you this.” Morgan shook her head.
“Yes that will be all Ms. Potts” He replied. Morgan smiled and Rhodey took the phone from her. Morgan figured it was because she was choking up.
“The messy look, makes you look cute.” Steve said. Tony could’ve sworn his face was redder than a crab. “Dinner is ready, I've come to take you down.” Steve sighed. “I have to explain to my brother why you are here and he is less likely to get mad if you’re there.”
“Who did this?” He asked. Tony saw the fire in his eyes and smiled sadly. Steve cared so much, the entire group did. He basically broke. He placed his head in Steve's chest and cried. Not like a very sad cry, more of a happy cry. He was so happy these people cared about him so much. Steve pet his hair and shushed him. “It's alright.” He said. Tony smiled and pulled away. He was smiling.
“Alright go wash your hands, because they city is not a clean place and it’s your first time outside, so wash up and I’ll order pizza.” Steve said. “Do you have any allergies?”
Tony cried. He hadn’t done that in front of Obie since he was little. But he didn’t care, he was too upset. He thought he was cared for. He was wrong. He should’ve know. Obie was picking the flowers out of his hair as he cried on the bed.
“Something happened and I gotta go home but it's like two miles.” Tony said obviously distracted. Everyone was concerned more than ever now.
“Hey, so good news bad news and more bad news.” She heard Peter say. She paused and just started off into the wall. Great. That was just great, more issues and she hadn’t heard from her brother in the weeks leading up to the time travel incident and
Happy drove Morgan to compound, when Tony died he protected the kid with fire, he was always there for her, ever since she asked for that cheeseburger. He had said that her father had liked cheeseburgers and although she knew he was gone, she still didn’t like the fact that he had used past tense. But Happy, he had other work to do besides looking out for her but he was by her side whenever he could be. They parted ways with a little more than a goodbye. They had been chatting in the car. But her eyes lit up when she saw who was in the compound.
“Guys, this is Tony. Tony this is Sam, Bucky, Clint and Bruce. You already met Natasha.” Steve pointed to the two guys on the couch first, then the guy on the floor and finally the guy on the chair. There was no way Tony would be able to remember all those names, let alone remember which name was whose. Hell, he forgot his own name just a little while ago. But he nodded anyway and waved. Sam (he thinks) nodded at him and Bucky (he thinks but, again still wasn’t sure) nodded and gave him a small wave. Tony’s face lit up when he saw it. Bucky’s arm - It was metal. Obviously a prosthetic, but still cool nonetheless. He rushed over with speed Steve didn’t know he could achieve considering how slowly he walked. He looked at Bucky’s arm his eyes full of amazement, and poked at it once or twice. When Bucky didn’t feel it, he frowned.
He knelt down next to the emergency fire escape door, and started to pick the lock. In nearly no time at all, it flung open. He closed it behind him and started up the stairs. If he had done this two years ago, he wouldn’t even have been able to make it up to the 5th floor; His scrawny body would’ve prevented him from making it up the stairs, but he had a growth spurt recently and he could do this.
“Yeah dude, it's all right. We were worried about you. As long as you are good.” Clint said. And may Tony happy that they cared about him even though I've only known him for a week or two.
“ твой любимый цвет - фиолетовый, но ты сказал мне никому не говорить. Вы любите команду больше, чем готовы признать не только их, но и себя, и не хотите, чтобы кто-то пострадал Вы научили меня русскому языку, когда я был ребенком. И-и я скучаю по моей тетушке Таше, и я просто хочу ее вернуть, но ты ушел, исследуя звезды, и мне жаль, что я здесь. Я не хотел навязывать.” (
“I don't care. I just can't tell it. I'm not entirely sure if I understand what happened.” Tony said.
“She’s going to what?!” Steve exclaimed louder this time. Bruce kinda froze as everyone else started to pay attention. He thanked every deity that ever existed that Pepper wasn’t in the room.
“No! I will never let you use me or my brain again. Ever!” Tony yelled and walked off towards the elevator. Obadiah cracked his neck.
“Okay?” She said, mildly confused. She handed the phone to Tony who shrugged and held it up for the Avengers to see.
“I… Don’t want to say.” She replied after a pause. “I don’t want to alter the future.” The words barely exited their mouth before her phone rang. She picked it out of the pocket of the suit. It was Pepper, her mom. She sort of paled. "I get surprisingly good service here, considering it's the past. Hello?" She said as she answered.
“O-Obie.” Tony pleaded making sure to add desperation in his voice. He was faking, but no one in the room knew that. “J-just let me go. I’ll sign the paper and leave p-please don’t shoot.” He begged. Obadiah growled and tossed Tony off to the side and he landed on his stomach. Which was not good for his wound. Steve’s eyes widened and almost shot his gun, but Obadiah still had his gun aimed at him and he knew Tony would kill him if he died. It was a standoff. Neither one of them moved. A gun shot rang out in the small office. Steve’s eyes went wide and he stiffened. It wasn’t his gun that went off.
“Sorry, I give you 10 minutes, anyway, how was it?” Rhodey asked. Tony shrugged even the Rhodey couldn't see it.
“Who's Ty?” Bucky asked, cracking his knuckles. He wanted to protect Tony as much as pepper and Rhodey did. It made Tony smile brighten a bit more. Pepper and Rhodey looks to Tony.
Steve was driving. Of course he was. He wanted to get there as quick as he could. Scott and Hope’s weekend could wait. This was Morgan he was talking about.
“Of course, anything for you, sir.” Jarvis said following Tony. Tony smiled at the ‘sir’ as a kid it made him feel older and more important. He liked hearing Jarvis calling him that.
“O-okay.” Tony muttered. Steve offered him his arm. Tony rolled his eyes and interlocked their arms. “You dork.” He giggled.
“I don’t think that I would’ve let a 15 year old go back in time.” Steve said eyeing her carefully. She chuckled softly.
“I can’t believe you’ve never watched Star Trek.” Tony complained to Clint almost four hours later. He had somehow ended up on the couch between Sam and Steve. He was small and found he fit comfortably with his legs crossed.
It took him a little while, but he made it to the 49th floor and smiled to himself. He walked out of the stairwell and onto the floor where he pressed the button for the elevator. The 50th floor would be the easiest to get to from the elevator. He got on and smirked, this would be a piece of cake, he was in the clear and now, all he had to do was get into the office and take pictures of everything. Obadiah Stane would be out of business for good and Steve would be a hero. He thought about the way everyone would look at him, see him as a hero, and his business would be put on the map as the best artist gallery in the state, maybe even the country! He and his friends would be set for life. Steve was distracted by his fantasies and never saw the wrench coming, until it connected with the back of his head.
“Come on. You need to sleep.” Steve said. Tony stood up and cocked his head to the right. “You can sleep on the pull out bed on the couch in my room.” Steve said and motioned for Tony to stand up, then walked him to his room.
“They should be.” FRIDAY replied after a moment of silence. “They shut down after boss…” FRIDAY didn’t finish her sentence and Morgan nodded. She simply walked over and poked the nearest one who she assumed was DUM-E. It moved and she jumped back with a small cry. It turned to look (?) at her before running around her in a circle. She smiled and laughed at it’s behavior, it was like a puppy. DUM-E quickly woke up his ‘brother’s’ and they all poked at her.
hung over in the morning. Steve helped him to bed and for the first time in a while, Tony had a good night sleep.
“I’ll be back I swear!” Tony yelled as he was pulled out of the castle. It took everybody a full two minutes before Steve went after them. Everyone else just looked at each other and waited for Steve. He came back with his head lowered.
“I told you didn’t I? She’s got her heart set on it and there’s no stopping her!” Bruce exclaimed. There was silence. That much was true. Even if they did get the van working there was no telling how much she already did or if she would even come back with them if they were to try and stop her. “She said she would nudge our past selves in the right directions and if they didn’t fix it that was that.” He said.
“Future decision stuff. Space and all.” She muttered. “It’s not a big deal they shouldn’t be calling while I’m in the past.” Tony nodded.
“Well that is literally fantastic!” He exclaimed. Everyone looked towards him now. Wondering what was so great. “But why didn’t mom or Howard call?”
“What do you mean?”  Tony asked. He wasn't about to reveal anything, he didn't know what Bucky knew.
“that's all right, neither does Bruce, you can sit on the bleachers with him and Natasha, she'll tell you when to cheer.” Steve said. Tony smiled.
“Yeah, Howard stayed by the door and Maria sat next to you for two days.” She replied. There was a silence .
“Look, I am smarter than you’ll ever be, and you don’t have the need to remember your name when you’re doing important work like mine!” Tony said, crossing his arms.
“Which supplies us with an issue because the Particles are in his house so we need a distraction to get him out. But before that we need to break into his company.” She said. “We need to grab a key card from his daughter Hope. She is the assistant to the new CEO of his company. We also need to grab her phone.”
Morgan walked down to the common room as she was fiddling with a device she was making. She didn’t even notice the Avengers staring at her until Clint cleared his throat.
Morgan didn’t expect to be this long. The ride, of course, was long, and even the driver was reluctant to drive her all the way out here alone. But say soon as he saw the amount of cash she was willing to pay him, he just drove. It was super early but she didn’t want to worry the Avengers too much. Maybe she’d be able to get there and back without them knowing. But sadly by the time the driver stopped, it was almost 5 in the morning. She knew Steve got up anywhere between five and six thirty for his run and wouldn’t be back until at least seven. Then everyone else would be up. If she drove back
Tony struggled desperately against the chains that Obadiah had put him in. His protests were muffled by the gag tied around his mouth, as the chains dug into his wrists, causing them bleed. Tony wasn’t nearly as strong as Obadiah,
“You’re arm is really cool, but I could make you a better one.” Tony stated plainly before anyone had anytime to react to what had just happened. His tone made it seem like he was bragging but really he was just trying to be nice. He tapped a button on his ear piece. “JARVIS, how long would it take for me to build him a better arm?” Tony asked. To everyone but Steve and Natasha, Tony seemed insane.
“Jan said they were going to a private beach near Miami.” Pepper said before grabbing a piece of paper and wrote down the information. “Here’s the address.”  Steve grabbed it and nodded.
“I’m sure.” He said. Tony looked around, down the road and into the forest. “Man, it really is the middle of nowhere.”
“A little help please?” Tony asked. Steve turned to him, and all the anger melted away and into concern. Steve rushed over and got the chains off of him. He pulled the smaller boy into his lap, wrapping his arms around him, and Tony immediately leaned into his hug and clutched Steve’s shirt. Tears threatened to spill.
“That is Thor, Clint and Natasha.” Bruce said pointing to one side of the table. “Thor and Clint are on the football team.” Tony nodded taking in all the information. “That's Bucky and Steve. Bucky is the co-captain of the football team and Steve is the Captain.” Bucky had a metal arm and Steve was insanely hot. “There is an empty seat next to Steve, you can sit there.” Tony Kirsten his head. Why did he have to be sat next to the hot one, that was just unfair. First he is trying to stay alive by going to high school and now he has to sit next to the hot guy. Steve, Bucky and Clint were all in a heated discussion of which college had the best football team, when Tony heard something that caught his attention. Rhodey's school.
“Just... Pay my part with that... Or the whole meal, I don't care. I - I gotta- gotta go.” Tony said. Never moving his gaze from the table. “I just gotta…” he pinched the bridge of his nose. “Oh God I don't have a car.” He muttered.
build it. I don’t believe it’s fair to make you pay for something like a prosthetic, all limbs are needed from what I’ve seen in today’s world, so a working one and one with nerve sensors shouldn’t be such a difficult task, or expensive in any way.” Tony said. All eyes were on him again, with shocked expressions. He slowly walked over to Steve.
High school sucked. Of course it sucked and Tony was glad he skipped it. Well, almost skipped it. As a child Tony was smart enough to skip the entirety of it. But now someone was after him. his family had been so careful as to keep him out of the media but now that was over and someone was trying to kill Tony. The worst part was no one had any idea who it could be. It was actually his mother's idea to send him back to high school. ‘maybe he could learn to be more social was her logic. What she didn't understand was the new kid never had friends, but her mind was made up. No one but his parents Rhodey and Pepper we're allowed to know his location. Rhodey swore on his life to protect Tony and Pepper promise to make sure he actually went to school every morning Tony packed his things and moved into a small suburban house his parents had bought him to live in for the time being. That was one of the only things he could consider a good thing about this whole situation. he wouldn't have to see how it every day of his life. Howard 100% completely sucked and Tony was happy to leave him behind.
“Name your price, I’ll match it.” Tony said. The Captain opened his mouth before he could speak the doors burst open again. A redhead that had the same imposing feel to her as Pepper did came in. Those two girl could be best friends. She reminded him of why he was here. So one else got hurt. So people would be safe.
“Morgan! Hey, I told you I was always this cool!” He exclaimed. Clint from the past just nodded and smiled proudly, til Natasa hit him in the back of the head.
“2013 and I already proved that I am, in fact, from the future.” She said. Rhodey nodded. “How are you guys doing with the van?” She asked.
“Is this-?” Steve cut himself off and Tony nodded, knowing what the rest of the question was. “But how?” Steve asked. Tony shook his head and looked up at the sky.
“Sir, are you alright?” JARVIS asked, the one embedded into the building not the mobile one. Tony shook his head.
“Rhodey, I have been told you did well!” Tony said. Rhodey rolled his eyes and pulled up Tony into a half hug.
“Tony calm down before you give yourself another heart attack. And yes you can do this, you finished college and your only 16. High school is a step down.” She said.
“You know, the fireworks are loud. I’m just warning you.” Steve said, a concerned look in his eyes. Tony nodded.
“I’ve been thinking, and talking to Bruce.” Clint said. Tony looked up confused. “You should go back. For the time being I am king and I want you to try and form an alliance with the humans.” Clint said with a smile.
Rhodey and Pepper arrived at the house in around 15 minutes. Pepper banged on the door. Hard. He didn't answer.
Another early chapter, ish. I have to travel all day tomorrow which means no time to post so here I am. Rip. Anywho here y'all go.
“Jarvis? Would you mind coming with me? I’m going to talk to Obie about taking over the company.” Tony asked as he finished putting on his shoes.
“Well, I could but I don’t know what made up the back. I can remember the wiring and the van part but I didn’t build the inside of it.” She explained.
“Ironman is down! I repeat Ironman is down!” Someone yelled through the comms. Every gun man was dead and the world froze. Steve was the first the react.
“I’m sorry Captain Rogers but unlike boss she didn’t use the holograms or speak to me. I do not know what she did exactly. She also took the last quantumsuit.” FRIDAY replied. They stood in silence again.
“Turn it down?!” She yelled at Tony. He nodded and did so. Tony, being Tony, listened in but tried not to be obvious.
“Are you sure about that kid? You don’t know what could be in there!” The driver yelled from his car. She nodded.
“Hey, it’s all good Pepper. He’s probably got the music on too high. I have a spare key.” Rhodey said and unlocked the door. They both walked into the eerily quiet house. Both of them knew that Tony wasn’t here. That didn't stop them from looking though.
“Yes, Morgan?” FRIDAY asked. It took a some re-coding and a lot of begging but FRIDAY finally called Morgan by her name instead of ‘Boss.’
Early Chapter because I'm going away and will have time to write but wifi is bad so probably I won't be able to post. Hence why I'm posting today :)
"Hello, Uncle James, and Uncle…" she hesitated. Uncle sam was patriotic and he was Captain America. After ten years she still hasn't found a good substitute.
“I'm Bruce Banner we are starting a new project today so you haven't missed anything yet.” Bruce stated. “If you slept in class you wouldn't have missed anything, this class is such a waste of time.”Bruce muttered. Tony snorted as he sat down.
“Look, I don’t know if you’ve seen the news lately but I’ve been on it with the Avengers.” She said. He snorted.
“No, I’m just surprised. You must not get many visitors up here.” Steve said. Tony shook his head. “Should we go?” Tony shook his head again.
“Sir, your heart rate is getting too high.” JARVIS informed him, but Tony couldn’t do anything about that. He tried his best to breath deeper, but it only came out ragged and harsh.
Of course the press went crazy over Anthony Stark being found. But Tony didn’t care, he had a family, not just by blood. He had his new family of friends now, too.
“One second, I have to do something. Don’t you dare leave.” Tony said, pointing his finger at Steve and ran off towards his room. He went into the bathroom, took his  daily pills and grabbed the mobile JARVIS, good thing he finished it yesterday. He came back and found Steve standing in the same place as before. Together, they went down in the elevator and back the ground floor.
“Don’t you dared touch them! They’re innocent, and they don’t deserve to be used in such a way! You asshole!” Tony said.
“Y-yeah… yeah, of-of course.” He said. He found some cables he hadn’t used, grabbed a chair from the kitchen, and tied his torse to the chair. He looked inside the bag the man had, and took his camera away. There was also a sketchbook inside, along some papers, amongst them the floor plans of the building. The papers were articles that made Obie seem like a monster, Tony frowned at them, then shoved everything inside the bag along with the camera. He decided that he should hide the bag, and knew the best place too. He walked into the elevator and opened a compartment inside of it one that only he knew of. He used it often to hide things from Obie. He placed the panel back on and smiled. He had a plan.
“The killer, was Obie. He wanted you dead.” She said carefully. The phone slipped out of Tony’s hand and hit the floor. His facial expression didn’t change. His mouth was left agape. Life seemed to go in slow motion. The man that saved him so many times from his father, the man that helped his childhood be bearable. This man made him feel worth when no one else did. He tried to kill Tony. And for what? Tony didn’t know. He probably should’ve stayed on the line. But his world was spinning and he couldn’t understand anything. His friends were saying something, or at least trying to. But he could understand them. He was so afraid. Everything he knew was a lie. Everything was wrong. Tony’s chest erupted in pain. He clutched his chest and he knew what was happening. Another heart attack, was all he could think about as the world faded to black around him. He was passing out from the pain.
After a nice conversation on how bad high school was and the two of them almost blowing up the entire lab, Tony had a place to sit at lunch at a new friend. Tony didn't speak to anyone else until lunch. Not that he didn't want to but yeah because you didn't want to. he walked through the cafeteria trying to find Bruce. What he didn't expect to see was a group of insanely different people sitting with him. One of which was super hot. He was so not ready for so many people, maybe he could sneak out and eat lunch alone outside and maybe call Pepper or Rhodey. But he was too late. Bruce saw him and ran over to where Tony stood.
“Correction, he’s awake. But we need to get him medical attention. And fast.” Steve said. He lowered his voice. “Tony, I need you stay awake.” He muttered as he scooped Tony’s small form, into his arms. Careful not to make him bleed more.
Morgan sat at the window seat of her room and held her phone tightly and took a breath. That was it, she was actually going to do this. Her hands were actually shaking as she pressed the call button. The phone shook ever so slightly as she raised it to her ear.
Tony sat in his room and cried for the 18th time in the past week. He had been gone a week. He probably broke Steve’s heart, he not only lied but left him. He was the worst living being alive. He loathed himself. Clint came into the room.
“Sir, you are lonely.” JARVIS said. Tony snorted. “It’s in human nature to want human contact.” Tony simply nodded, knowing that JARVIS would understand the action.
“If you go up there by yourself, he’s just going to pull a gun on you. Your rather threatening.” She replied. “I can see at least three weapons on him, let alone the ones he has concealed. You hide a lot of things with a hat and jacket.”
“Cool.” Morgan said. “I wanted to give him this anyway.” She pulled out a small wrapped object. Clint raised an eyebrow.
“He’s afraid of people.” Natasha finished. “When I found him downstairs I heard him talking to his A.I. He said that the outside world was scary, he wanted to go home, and as he said that, his voice cracked. He was about to cry. When I told him it was okay, he said real men don’t cry. He was obviously taught to not show any signs of emotions.” She said. The group nodded.
“I can’t lose both of them.” Pepper muttered. Steve softened. She lost her husband and she couldn’t bare to lose her daughter too. Her phone buzzed again and with a sigh she checked it. Steve backed off and went back to looking at the van. He had to say he was proud of her. The art of the van was great. He heard something clater and noticed Pepper now standing. Her phone on the floor, her skin paler than usual. He rushed over to her.
“With that, we’ll be able to get him out, then we’ll get into his house and take the particles from his secret lab, he’ll know it’s gone but it’s a small price to pay. After that, I’ll be home free. I’ll get out of your hair and none of you will remember me.” They looked down. Sort of sheepish. “What?” She asked.
“Bruce he’s wonderful! He is so nice and so-o-o-o hot!” Tony exclaimed swimming in a little flip. “I cannot wait to spend another day with him!”
“Hey.” Someone said. Steve wasn’t sure who. She didn’t seem surprised to see them. Her body tensed for a second, like she was expecting them to be there
“Thank you JARVIS.” Tony said very quietly, but it was enough for everyone to look at them both. Tony tensed up and moved to hide behind Steve. The girl on the couch raised an eyebrow at them.
“Turn around!” He ordered his driver. “Now!” The driver took a massive u-turn, and started to drive back to the city. Unfortunately for Obadiah, they were already an hour out.
“I’m okay.” He said, knowing that no one else could hear JARVIS. He felt better now that he knew that Pepper was a friend, but still she looked like she could work for Obie. She had this imposing energy. It frighten Tony a bit. Steve turned and notice the two and half cups of coffee. Tony hadn’t had time to finish pouring the cups of coffee before his mini panic attack.
“No one will hurt him. I know he can fight his own battles they won't make him fight them alone.” Steve said it rubbing Tony's arms. Pepper and Rhodey hadn't seen Tony smile so bright since his father said he didn't do terrible in college. She was happy that he took part in making him smile like that.
“Morgan who? And why are you covered in paint?” Bruce Banner asked. Bruce Banner. Not Hulk Banner or Professor Hulk or whatever he called himself now. Bruce Banner.
“You said you spoke to him on the phone. Right? We can probably track him.” Rhodey said. Pepper's face lit up and she wiped the tears from her face.
“Rhodey, what If he- I couldn’t handle if… Rhodey I don't now what to do.” Pepper cried. Rhodey thought for a second.
“Oh! Right my nail polish can detect poison or something that will harm me in the food I eat. When you hang out with the Avengers, you need to be cautious.” She said. Steve frowned.
“He help a whole lot. I wouldn’t have been able to do anything without him, thank you Tony.” She said and then, it was time to tackle the next issue.
“You know who about Barnes.” She said. His face went pale. “I know you’ve been digging.” She said. “And I know you’ve found some things.”
“Maria and Howard are very busy with the case and asked me to tell you. Maria is ecstatic that you are safe and Howard is happy you can go back to focusing on the company.” She said.
“Jarvis-” His voice broke. He took a breath and swallowed. “Jarvis is dead.” He said. Pepper covered her mouth.
After a while, they set up their blankets in the best spot they could find, and all sat down. Clint had brought food and drinks, and was more than happy to sit down after dragging the cooler all around the park. Tony’s hand tighten around the piece of fabric. There were way too many people and
“You never did answer me.” Steve said a few weeks later as they sat under a tree during their free. It became a thing, they'd meet there and just be in each other's company.
“Okay, I’ll try my best.” That narrowed it down to talking about technology, science, Star Trek, Star Wars, both romcoms and sitcoms. Great selection, Tony. He figured he had been in the bathroom too long for just washing his hands, and walked out, placing a small smile on his face as he greeted everyone again. He was outside, just think of happy things, he could do now that Obie was out of the picture.
“Your heart rate has gone down to a safe level, sir. You are in the clear, for now.”  JARVIS said. Tony nodded.
“I adored you! But didn’t get a lot of time with you before you left.” Morgan said. “I just miss you so much.” She said. Natasha hugged her again.
The finale was Tony’s favorite part. All the colors and shapes booming together showing such a beautiful display of everything. Tony loved it. It was chaos afterwards though. everyone trying to leave all at once. It was amidst that chaos Tony realized that he had dropped his cloth, and tugged on Steve’s arm.
Steve paced around. Morgan was in trouble right under his nose and he had no idea. He promised himself that he wouldn’t lose another Stark and here he was. Again. He was helpless and useless when she needed him. He had no clue how quantum physics works. Get Scott was the only thing he could think of.
“I'm going.” He said with a tone that told Pepper he'd be going no matter what they said. She sighed.
“N-N-No.” Tony said. “Just let me watch them, I’ll-I’ll go home straight after. I just need to see them!” Tony exclaimed. “Plus the people who took me here are - they’re really nice.” Obie scoffed.
“You can do that!?” She exclaimed. She shook her head. “No time come on!” She yelled as she pulled him to the lab. She set up Tony's laptop. “Okay, do your thing.” She said. Rhodey rolled his eyes. He knew how important this was, he had just never seen Pepper so frantic. She was always so calm and orderly is was strange to see her like this. Not that it was bad just interesting. Tony had that effect on people.
“I can’t believe I didn’t catch that the button was visible.” Pepper said sitting down in a chair with her head in her hands.
“The fireworks? You mean the ones the Starks set off? Yes, I am.” Steven said, clearly not following.
Tony hesiated, he didn't want to be much more of a problem. After all, he was already blackmailing these people into taking him to the fireworks show, the least he could do was try not to be too much of a problem. But in the end, he nodded. Steve climbed into the car, and Tony was right behind him. He helped Tony buckle up and they started off. Tony did not let go of Steve’s arm the entire half hour ride. Steve found he didn’t mind.
“Yes, very well actually. Like very well. I actually had to refrain from hugging some of you because I haven’t seen you in forever. But not that hard since there were weapons pointed at me.” She said. “In fact Steve was there when I activated the machine.”
have to fix on this side of the portal.” She said. “They fix up their side and everything is good to go there but…” She trailed off.
“Anthony Edward Stark.” He said in loud clear voice. He watched as every jaw dropped expect for Widow's who just tapped her screen.
“Do we have a deal?” The Captain asked, standing and holding out his hand to Tony. He sharply inhaled and took his hand and shook it. “I have a feeling this will work out well.” Tony nodded. This was his life now, wasn’t it? The girl picked up the phone.
“Like… Tony here. I had gotten to 50th floor when he knocked me out with a wrench.” Steve said, deadpan. A few of the people in room seemed to get angry, including Natasha. Tony shrunk down and almost turned to leave.
“Bye.” She said and hung up. She placed her head in between her knees. There was a knock on her door and a second later Steve opened the door.
“Damn right you should be sorry that desk is nice.” Obadiah yelled at him. Tony took step closer and Steve burst through the door aiming his gun at Obadiah. Only if things could be that easy. Obadiah pulled out his own gun and held it to Tony’s head. “I will kill you both before you even knew the gun went off!” He yelled. Steve knew painicing wouldn’t make this situation any better.
“No we are all just, surprised, that's all.” Steve said, tripping over his words. “How could you build something that complicated so fast?” Tony shrugged.
Tony’s life was assumed to be perfect, but it was anything but. He had abusive parents and his sanctuary was only with his butler Jarvis and his uncle Obie. He only had two friends, Rhodey who stuck with all through college and Pepper, his assistant who was the only who could handle him. His father was rich out of his mind and instead of doing something good with his money, he continued to use for his own personal gain. Then it happened. The crash. A car crash that killed both of his parents. They might’ve been terrible parents but they were still his parents. It took a few years to get over it but by the time he did get over it Obie was doing a great job at the company. But it was Tony’s and he would make his parents proud for once by improving the company.
“Yes, so there is a way to get more Pym Particles which is good but it’s bad because Hank has been trying to keep his Particles out of the reach of a Stark which is what you are.” Peter said.
He jerked away from him with a force that surprised both of them, and then, Tony ran. He had no clue where he was or where he was going, just that he needed to get away. Then, Tony saw him, Obie. He ran straight to him, the only way he could think of to be safe.
"Since, I fell asleep without taking a shower, and then proceeded to sleep through my alarm resulting in me feeling disgusting when I woke up." She replied. She thought of a cover story while in the shower. Steve rolled his eyes at her. She walked over to the kitchen that was conjoined with the common room. She pulled out waffles and started to microwave them.
“We have a car over there. We’ll take you home and then we’ll make you better.” Morgan said, pulling lightly on him leading him to the car. She left a stunned group of Avengers in her wake. Natasha followed unaffected slightly laughing at her teammates.
“No.” He said, exasperated. “I meant with nerve sensors, and please not a poisonous metal this time.”
“It’s true my dear. Okay so here goes. You’re father was a great man, he saved us all and from my stories from a few years ago you know that we didn’t always get along.” He said. She nodded.
“Same.” He replied. They hung up. Tony pressed his phone to his forehead. “That’s why i’m doing this.” He muttered softly. Tony turned and walk to Steve. “What’s up? Something wrong?”
“Okay.” He said as he pulled up to the beach. The two had taken a plane to Florida the drove down to Miami. The house was big and the two looked at each other before rolling their eyes and getting out of the car. They stayed quiet as they walked up to the front door of the large house and ringing the doorbell. Hank answered.
Morgan blew a bubble of her gum as she typed furiously. Her fingers danced against the keyboard faster than Bruce or even Tony. They all stared at her in amazement for a moment before they all went to their own jobs. She stopped typing suddenly and just looked at the screen.
“Now you’re going to think I’m insane, but I promise you I’m not.” She said. “I’m from the future.” He gave her a look. She snorted. “I know, I sound insane but listen to me, in the future you’re my uncle.” He gave her another look. “I know what Hydra did to you and you have every right to run from me but I swear on my life and on my family's graves, I want to help you.” He moved his hand away from the gun.
“Hey, you know my name, I believe it's time I know yours.” Steven said. Tony froze for a minute. He didn’t remember. He hadn’t heard it in forever. He started to untie Steven. “Your name?” He asked again. Tony huffed.
the scene when they arrived was a large amount of lights and Tony was out of the car first. Steve followed and watched him embrace an older woman and older man.
“I’m going on a business trip this weekend and I won’t be around, but I will drive you to school on monday.” She said. Morgan nodded and her mom got but before she left she turned to face her daughter.
“Well apparently we have to keep you safe and if we figure out time travel along the way that would give me major points.” Tony almost seemed to be bragging.
It was going to be a huge job and of course it was going to take a little while to prepare for it. Get someone in close. Steve had never lost a man yet and he was not about to start now. He was careful with his planning. Steve had also been right that he was spending a lot of time with Bruce. He was surprised at how smart Bruce was and the rest of the team was starting to warm up to him. It was nice to be able to call people besides Pepper and Rhodey friends. Steve hung around the lab more and more. Which was a problem because Tony was noticing how hot he was more and more. But he could not get distracted and even if he wasn’t plotting to kill his uncle, he was sure that Steve was straight or not interested in Tony. He was working on a new weapon that may be the key to taking down Obadiah. Bruce was helping and proving to be very useful. Then his phone rang. It was Pepper. Pepper. He was so screwed. If he didn't pick up she’d go nuts or worse over to his house. If he did pick up, Obadiah would be able to hear every little thing they said.
“I want a man dead. I don’t care the cost. Money is no object for me. Name your price I just want this man dead.” Tony spat. The Captain thought for a moment.
"Well, you see I was trying to fix up a… well a time machine I guess and I didn't know what it was and I sort of activated it." She said.
Tony and Steve stood in the lobby area of S.I., waiting for Howard and Maria. These were his parents, and he had never thought he would see them again. Steve placed a hand on his shoulder and smiled.
Steve glanced at Pepper, she was wearing all black. In the week leading up to Tony’s death day Pepper and Morgan tended to wear black. It was almost a tradition at this point. On the fifth day, however, the two would leave without a trace. Everyone knew where they went. Their first house, the one by the lake where Tony created time travel. They came back he next day acting like nothing happened. No one questioned it, it was their way of grieving. But in just a few days the two of them were supposed to go, but Morgan wasn’t there. Morgan was alone in the past. Although Steve expected Pepper to act differently, more depressed probably, but she seemed- more open. She was a bit more physical than normal as well, not to say that she hated to be touched but she was reaching out more. Usually she was more closed off around this time, only Morgan could make her smile. But this was different, she was open, and seemingly happier. Peter walked over to Steve after noticing him staring at Pepper.
“Right away, sir. This is Steven Grant Rogers, he owns a small art gallery in Brooklyn. He has no arrests and no run ins with the law. This would be a first time offence.” JARVIS replied. The man’s - Steven’s - eyes widened.
“Those are DUM-E, Butterfingers and U” She replied. Morgan face lit up. These were them! The robots that her father built and everyone always talked about. She tilted her head to the side.
“Well, I’m not sure, but Tony seemed to be the one to figure it out last I heard… when I was five.” She said.
Morgan sat at her window of her new room. She was clean and paint free. She had stole Tony’s old AC/DC shirt and Natasha’s shorts. She stared out the window in thought. Nothing had happened yet. No Ultron, No Sam, No Bucky, No Civil War, No Thanos and No funeral. Everything was good and happy. No one was dead. Everyone was Happy. In her time they were happy too but here, everyone was happy. Everyone was alive. Maybe she could help them. Change the future. She pulled her phone out and dialed Bruce’s number.
“I’m telling you Buck, I think I love this one.” Steve said, slumping down in the chair next to his brother.
“Okay.” Steve said. “Natasha and Bucky, you two will be on the ground to intercept. Thor and Clint I want you two in high positions. Tony help civilians out of the fire, if it comes to that. Everyone got it?” It was a chorus of ‘yes Captain’. Tony didn't miss how, when he turned around Steve was watching him. Tony blushed and looked down. Bucky snickered. Steve hit him in back of the head, which in turn made Tony blush even more. This was not going to work. He could not focus like this.
“Steve?” Tony said, relief and confusion mixing together with the slightest bit of hurt to fill his voice.
“As stated before, my little ‘mission’ went off course. I did not take into account every obstacle that I might have encountered while trying to find the evidence.”
"What?!" She yelled startling DUM-E. "Sorry, DUM-E. I just can't believe it's 6 am already." She was covered in dust and dirt (and something else but she didn't really want to talk about it.) and people would know if she should up dirty and tired. So she just went up to her room and took a shower. It was 7 before she went downstairs to the common room where most of the Avengers hung out in their free time.
“Tony, I know you know what’s going on and I need to talk to you about it.” Bucky said narrowing his eyes at Tony. Tony looked surprised.
“You know him?” He asked quietly. They both nodded. “Widow.” Steve said and gestured with his head to the two. With that he walked off carefully with Tony in his arms. Natasha walked up to them.
Tony felt a hell of a lot better after last night. Steve helped him, he had to remember to thank Morgan for that. Without her he probably would’ve drank himself into oblivion. He even called Pepper that night and told her that he would
“No, not at all. It’s a shame you guys didn’t get together but hey works out for me.” She said. He laughed again. Steve ruffled her hair.
“Tony, I will love you no matter what. I don't care what you are!” Steve yelled. Slowly Tony swam closer and Steve saw what he was hiding.
“JARVIS is really good at handling things like this.” He told her. His voice was quiet, but full of confidence as he walked out. He went back to the bedroom to look at the new clothes.
“Nat?” Tony asked. His voice was horse and his throat, and by default his mouth, was dry. God what he’d give for a glass of water. She perked up and looked at him with an almost shocked expression that most definitely didn’t belong on her face.
“Where were Tony and I?” Natasha asked. “We heard everyone else and yet we didn’t see nor hear us, and if Tony were there we’d definitely heard him.”
“I-I didn’t mean to go through your guys’s stuff, I just - well, I thought that if I just made the pot alone, that you might think that I made it only for myself. Which I didn’t! It -It
“What did I do wrong? I mean, it was going fine and then they all seemed to do a full 180. And now I'm here… alone… again.” Tony said.
“No! Two minutes and I can go, I’m sure is fine.” Tony said. “He wouldn’t let you leave if he wasn’t.”
“You did great. You’re getting better at these things.” Obie said taking the weapon from Tony. Tony nodded.
“I think that’s how Obie said my parents died.” Tony said as if it were a normal thing. “Car crash.” Steve softened.
“It was... Interesting. I didn't get most of it, though.” Tony admitted. It was like lunch but more natural and fun- or it was until Pepper called. Tony rolled his eyes and stood up.
“I thought you didn’t have a crush.” She said innocently. He pushed her shoulder as she giggled. “But yes. You should.” It saddened her a little. That she wouldn’t be there to see what they’re relationship became, but it was either their lives
“Where do you thinks she is?” Clint asked. Bucky and Sam were now off calling Bruce and Rhodey for good measures and picking them up.
“Goodbye, Platypus.” Tony said through clenched teeth. He hung up without another word. Not even waiting for a response. There was silence for a moment.
“I’m saying, I’m going to try and prevent Ultron and Civil war. Therefore you’ll all be there when Thanos comes and you can save the world the first time.” She said.
Holy Chipotle! We're almost done here! I'm planning like one maybe two more chapter plus an epilogue
“My gallery and house. My friends and I live upstairs.” Steve said walking towards the door, but stopped when Tony did not follow.
Morgan bounced down the stairs to the lab. Tony was telling her about the devices that he was making. He even asked her for help, well not exactly help. Just asking her to come down and test things out, see if he should do anything else to help the mission go smoothly. She didn’t even make it down the stairs fully before she heard voices.
“Yeah, not when my dad is always on my tail and won’t let me use it that much.” Tony huffed. “Besides the ability to summon fish is awesome.” Bruce scoffed.
“Then tell me...why are you here, truthfully or I will destroy your camera and burn it along with your sketchbook and your papers.” Tony said, giving him a warning shake of his wrench. Steven seemed to panic, which made Tony relax a bit. He had him.
“Nothing it’s just Pepper’s acting… different.” He said before realizing that it sounded bad. “Not bad actually good, but I was wondering why.”
“Is- Is this some practical Joke? Or like punishment for- for blow up the van?” She asked, barely realizing she was shaking. “Because if it is. That’s just cruel!”
“Are? As in plural?” Clint asked. Tony smirked back in reply. Morgan shook her head fondly and sighed. Handing Steve hers. He looked at her questioningly. She simply gave him a dorky smile.
“I’m guessing the damn thing blew up?” She asked. There was no response. She rubbed her head. “Look, I’m sorry, I know this happened last time but I didn’t think that pressing the buttons would make it blow up!” She cried.
“Today in this world it is July 4th.” Morgan said. “Happy Birthday. And although it isn’t there, I thought to give you a present myself.”
“I know.” She said quietly. “I am prepared for that Doctor Banner. It’s just they’re so happy here, the only time I’ve seen them this happy is never. I’ve never seen all of them this happy and together. I’ve gotta do it.” She said.
“Look, kid. Even if you could build that. I doubt I’d have the money to pay for it.” Tony frowned at that statement, of course he
“Well, the same I think. You once threatened to break a man’s fingers. You were babysitting me and he was poparazzi and I screamed for you and trouble ensued. My dad was pissed at you for a week but he got over it.” She said.
of SHIELD. is Hydra. That’s not true. I know for a fact that Nick Fury and Maria Hill aren’t and of course all of you.” She said. “But after that, I have no clue after that. We’re not exactly one with SHIELD.”
“All units to the compound. We have a job and the payment is… interesting.” She said. Tony squirmed being called payment. It reminded him of when he was kidnapped as a child.
“You sound like Bruce.” He muttered. Tony had no idea how to respond to that. The Captain lowered his gun and walked back to his seat. Tony sat down as well, keeping his hands on a pistol strapped to his thigh. “So, what do you want?” The Captain asked.
“Dad’s hurt we need to go.” Clint said sternly. No one moved to stop the two. Tony pulled out of Clint’s hold.
Tony had no clue about who he was. He was also discouraged from ever wanting to leave again. He could handle the boy having the rest of the day off.
The hospital kept him overnight just to be sure but he was released a little late and had Rhodey take him in because Pepper had class. He wore a black collared, long sleeve shirt as to cover his brace and neck. Rhodey had written a fake doctor's note to let Tony where his sunglasses inside during school. All in all it worked pretty well, until lunch. Tony quietly eat his sandwich pretending he didn't notice everyone staring at him.
“Is she alright?” Janet asked. This family was also a little protective over her. Not as much as the Avengers but still protective. They enjoyed her intellect and liked having her around. Morgan had that ability. She could grow on anybody.
“Sir, it would seem logical. I have no record of anyone like her anywhere. She did also just appear. Time travel seems to be the best explanation out of everything.” JARVIS said.
“I'm happy to see you adjusting so quickly, no one can resist the Tony stark charm, I guess.” Rhodey said
"You obviously weren't doing your english essay judging by the fact that you’re covered in paint. So what were you doing?” Bucky asked. She shrugged. Although on the inside she was panicking.
“Boss we got everyone is down. Barton was out for a few minutes and we-” She noticed Tony. The Captain raised an eyebrow.
“I'm going to kill that asshole.” Rhodey said. “you guys stay here and if things get worse call an ambulance. Tony, call Pepper or so help me.” Rhodey said as he walked off. Tony pulled out his phone as his friends surrounded him to try and calm him down.
“Good morning, Sir. Happy 18th birthday.” JARVIS said into his ear. Tony smiled and sat up, stretching.
“Again? I got you that for the past 6 years! Wouldn’t you want something else this year? Like the newest tech?” He asked. She shook her head.
“Okay.” He said. She lit up and he thought it looked good on her. That a smile belonged on her face, that she was born with one. She laughed and slumped back into her chair and let out a breath.
“Ty?!” Pepper exclaimed. “that's a complete violation of the restraining order. I swear those things are useless.” pepper said. Steve put a hand on Tony's arm. He flinched for a second but it only took another second for Tony to lean into the touch. Steve gave Tony a smile and Tony smiled back.
He exhales slowly, taking Tony in. Tony looks a little more rested than he did the last time Steve saw him, the shadows under his eyes not so deep and dark. He still looks tired though and he’s still moving rather gingerly like the injuries he sustained in Siberia are bothering him even almost two months later. Not for the first time, there’s a pang of guilt in Steve’s heart. But just like with his letter, he’s still not sure how to apologize in any sort of meaningful way.
Steve glances over at the other bed again, where Sam is laying on his side and snoring lightly, and makes a decision. He gets back up out of bed, throws on a coat, and leaves the bedroom. He makes his way silently out of the safehouse to the front porch, where Clint is standing guard, having drawn the short straw for the first watch.
Tony doesn’t quite answer the question. “Guess Ross knew you better than I did, because I never thought I had to tell you about the Accords during one of the early stages. I thought, after all those times listening to you rant about American troops going into countries without sovereign permission, you’d think of us as the same. Guess I underestimated how much you wanted to help people.”
As though they had never been there, all thoughts of Geraldine disappeared from his mind. “Oh, that’s wonderful! Do you think we should make them a casserole?”
Steve nods thoughtfully, turning his notebook with his notes on the Accords over in his hands. He doesn’t know if he agrees with her that this is accountability, but maybe even just the illusion of it is what people need to feel safe.
“Bucky’s awake,” Steve blurts out as soon as he opens the door to see Tony standing on the front step.
She smiles tightly. “Not back then I didn’t. I don’t regret what Clint did, but if he’s stopped to think for a minute instead of acting on his instincts, he would have known to shoot instead.”
“I’d say so,” Steve agrees. Then, because he never can resist needling Tony, “I’d like to point out though that we’d be a lot richer if we hadn’t gone with the friends and family discount.”
“Maybe,” Tony agreed doubtfully. Didn’t television programs run at night? But just as he thought it, he blinked.
“Mmm, yes you do,” Tony murmurs. Steve wonders if Tony’s thinking about the same thing he is: that time he pinned Tony to the walls of their shared bunk and—well, now’s not the time to be thinking about that.
Tony is quiet, staring silently down at the tablet long enough that it goes dark, before abruptly saying, “I’m sorry.”
“No, he’s not a Commie,” Tony said. “He said he wasn’t Russian. His wife is Sokovian though. One of those small Eastern European countries, he said.”
He’s not sure what to do with that. “Sure,” he murmurs, wiping some of the extra cream off on his khakis. “So, fashion coach?”
He walked away before either of them could respond or protest that they had plans, though Steve doubted that either of them did. He knew how exhausted he got at the end of a show, and he suspected that Tony was much the same way. The two exchanged looks, Steve’s irritated and Tony’s sardonic, before shrugging and following Pierce down the hallway. It wasn’t like either of them could say no, not without risking their job.
He wants to insist on knowing what happened to the Sentinels—he’s seen what can happen when Tony hides things from him—but he knows what will happen if he pushes the issue. They’ll argue, again, and he’s so very tired of arguing with Tony. And after everything that happened in Siberia, he doesn’t think he gets to judge Tony for keeping secrets.
Tony was still asleep when Steve slipped out of bed. He gathered up his clothes and dressed as quietly as possible, not wanting to wake Tony. After five years of their game, he was more than practiced at moving around Tony’s room in the dark, and he avoided the furniture with ease. Still, he knew what a light sleeper Tony was. There was always about a fifty-fifty chance between Tony staying asleep while Steve dressed or—
She doesn’t even startle at his approach, sneaky spy that she is. She just leans her head against his shoulder. “Like is the wrong word,” she says eventually. “I didn’t like the Accords. I still don’t like them. But the Accords were going to happen either with us or to us. There was no escaping them, no Tony mocking them into submission, no funny quips that would make the UN drop the whole thing. And I thought the idea of accountability was a good one.”
“She’s a regular Wicked Witch of the West,” Tony agreed. “You really think she’d notice if we weren’t there?”
“Oh,” Steve murmurs. That’s right; Tony had mentioned new team members during their last meeting. He just hadn’t thought it would be so soon.
But this is Tony’s choice. He’d be well within his right to let Howard drown in his mistake, gods know the man has never done a thing for him, but he cares too much to let that happen. Steve wouldn’t like him so much if he didn’t.
“I’m fine,” Tony assured him. He smiled wryly. “I think I just woke up on the wrong side of the bed.”
“Steve, no, the lights are turned off, look at me, I’m dying here,” he said desperately, hanging onto Steve’s arm.
Steve hums. “Well, the best part is, we never have to talk about it again because we’re officially open. Congratulations, Tony.”
But he couldn’t do that. He knew what would happen if he let himself go back to Tony’s arms. If he stayed the night, it would lead to breakfast in the morning and that would lead to dinners together after work and
For anyone concerned about the unhealthy relationship tag, don't worry. Steve and Tony aren't in great places mentally at the beginning of this story, but I do promise a happy ending by the end of the fic
He’s currently scrolling through the census data, trying to see if there’s anyone else he can cross when Uncle Grant sits down next to him. Tony likes Uncle Grant, who always has a kind word for him and sometimes calls him Shellhead when he thinks Tony isn’t listening and sends sparks up and down his arms whenever they hug. He doesn’t have a crush on Uncle Grant (first of all,
“I bet they’re in Europe,” he grouses, idly playing with the toy Pepper has on her desk. Pepper insists it’s not a toy, but it spins and Tony can’t stop fiddling with it, so he thinks it counts as a toy.
across the space where it should have had the month. “Wow, you weren’t kidding. Wonder what happened.”
“I know, but our version of help looks a lot like destruction. Look at what happened with Ultron. Or with SHIELD. Fuck, for that matter, look at what happened with Johannesburg. And it wasn’t like Wanda was an Avenger at that point. She let the Hulk loose on a city full of civilians, and I know that she regrets it, I know she’s reformed, but it still happened and she never even saw a trial.”
“I don’t know yet,” he says honestly. “There’s a lot in the Accords that I don’t agree with, that I can’t, in good conscience, sign. I wish I could. I want us all to be able to stop hiding. But I can’t compromise my values.”
He sighs, leaning back in his chair. How does he tell Tony that it’s no longer that simple? When he and Tony had first started talking about the amendments, he’d thought it would be, but his team has shown him otherwise. Sam still isn’t comfortable with the Accords, even with the recent changes; he’s made that abundantly clear over the times that he and Steve have discussed them. Natasha has been setting missions for herself—missions that Steve suspects she wouldn’t be able to complete if she were limited by the Accords. And Steve—well, Steve won’t return without the other three. They left as a team, they’ll come back as a team. But he tries anyway, in halting words that don’t do his complicated feelings justice, to explain the complexities that have arisen in the weeks since the amendments passing.
“Come in, sit down,” Pierce said, ushering them into the chairs across the desk. Pierce himself took a seat on the corner of his desk. He did things like that sometimes, said he felt it made him look approachable and friendly. Steve thought it made him look like a college liberal arts professor who always showed up to class on low-quality drugs and wanted everyone to call them by their first name.
He realizes that the moment Natasha steps out of her car right behind Tony. No, what he has is a birthday celebration and that’s the important part, that this is all for Tony. Still, though, he has to remind himself not to be upset because it’s his own fault he didn’t tell Tony this was a date. He thinks he should be allowed to be upset, right? Wasn’t it obvious he was asking Tony out?
It took Tony a moment to realize what he was talking about. Circus? What circus? There hadn’t been a circus in Westview in—
He shot up from under his desk where he’d been packing up his things to go home, nearly slamming his head on the underside of his desk. Tony was standing in the doorway, fidgeting nervously though he was trying to appear confident with the smirk on his face that Steve remembered from their college days. Tony had pulled it out every time he’d wanted to do something with Steve that he wasn’t sure Steve would like: “Hey, Steve, we should go rock climbing,” “Hey, Steve, we should sneak into this bar. Yeah I know we’re underage and the bouncer is notoriously difficult to get past, but I want to do it anyway,” “Hey, Steve, I want you to fist me.”
, his lungs expanding against his now-broad chest easily, instead of coughing every time he takes a breath. He turns to Tony and has to look down because he’s easily six inches taller than him now instead of nearly a foot shorter. And Tony—
“No,” Tony agreed. “We’ve both—” Steve rolled his hips against Tony’s, making him gasp. “We’ve both been so busy. Darling,
“It was an emergency,” he tells her, even though he knows she’s too young to really understand. “You know I try to make my trips as short as I can, but sometimes I gotta stick around longer than I want. But I’ll always come back to you, Maguna. Don’t think I could ever just leave you behind.”
