Doom's question made Tony hesitate. He had not expected Doom to see him in the bedroom, and it made his prearranged guard waver a little. But Tony soon composed himself. He said, steaming his voice.
"You're welcome. Your good neighbor Spider-Man is always at your service." Peter grinned.
"Do it." Steve said.
He called over the rock, "Iron Man, you all right?"
Tony felt as if Jarvis had winked at him and smiled. But the housekeeper's professionalism soon restored his deadpan expression.
Through the computer on the desk, Tony gained access to Bain's mainframe system, which was exactly what Bain said. The intelligence of their system is indeed very high, ahead of the systems now used by Stark Enterprises, which Tony had not expected. Artificial intelligence systems were not Bain’s forte. How did they suddenly become one of the best? It's not as simple as that. But indications have emerged that Bain had nothing to do with the theft of Stark's armor design. They were set up. The one who stole and killed at Stark armor base has extremely high levels of technology, not below but even above my current level. His or her technology was able to sneak into Bain Tower without anyone knowing. Instead, it was my stealth armor that was caught prematurely exposed due to lack of power. Tony felt a little depressed at the thought.
"Tony, when did you start wearing pajamas?"
"I don't need Jarvis to tell me. I knew what he was going to say. ‘Don't remember what Anthony Stark did. Remember what Anthony Stark tried to do’"
Chapter 31
"He even said this?!"
Steve's speech landed, the crowd below was in an uproar, many with horrified looks, and reporters began asking questions.
Oh, I failed again! Angrily, Tony pushed the chart on the table and threw the eraser at the blackboard, which was filled with a pile of formulas. Why does it fail again and again? What went wrong? Reluctantly, he pulled the swivel chair up to the main frame and continued typing.
"Hmm... It seems so, when you say it."
"And... It is... About 30 minutes ago, Tony was standing in the middle of this room, banging fork, yelling for everyone to look at him, and then... Then..." Steve laughed aloud. "He... He kissed me hard for about 30 seconds."
Tony jumped through 20 messages from various investors, thinking that in the future he should build an A.I. to automatically handle all the boring business matters.
"Actually, I have a confession to make." Kris said. “I'm an exchange student from Imperial College London, but I'm really a village girl. I grew up on a small farm in Yorkshire Dales, one of four brothers and sisters. One big brother, one little brother, and the youngest sister is only seven years old. If I hadn't been lucky enough to get a job as a model, my family's financial situation would have been difficult to support my tuition."
"I'm not."
While they were talking, Electro had connected to nearby power lines, recharging himself once again. Electric lights hit them one by one. They dodged confusedly. All repulsors Tony fired back were absorbed by Electro. Tony had to stop.
To be continued...
"This is Anthony Stark, this is Peter Parker, they're my friends from university." Kris said. "This is my brother Sebastian."
He pushed the door open gently, and went into the ward. Placing the bouquet on the table, he looked at the bed. The woman in the bed was lying curled up on her side, her face half covered by a quilt, apparently asleep.
As release and exhaustion came over Tony, he concentrated on not falling asleep.
"On behalf of the Avengers, I would like to make the following statement in response to recent questions raised in the UK media about the rescue operation in the Yorkshire Dales..."Steve said.
"Not yet." Steve said, "But we can ask someone."
"5,4,3,2,1,0... Do it!"
Before getting into the car, he turned to Spiderman and said, "Thanks for today, Spiderman, I owe you one. I'll make your spider armor on priority 5 stars."
"Then you can pretend that you are dreaming." Tony's voice was soft and deep.
"Ahem..." He coughed up the water choking into his nostril. "You... Ahem..."
"Because I want to be able to play everywhere. We're locked up on this stupid island. I want to have some fun."
"You deserve it, told you, not to poke into their private affairs." Said Tasha coldly.
"You're a decade younger. What's going on? Pym's new invention, Time Stone, or the Magic of Scarlet Witch?"
Finally, Tony collapsed on the mat, aching all over.
“What's the matter, Tony? Not satisfied with your present?"
"I have always been a failed father." Eric looked down at Central Park. In Central Park, Wanda was crying in the arms of Quicksilver. Wanda had lost Vision. Quicksilver's wife, Crystal, had walked into the Time Vortex.
Well done, well done, Tony smiled pompously, no one died, no one was seriously hurt, and I did... And so on... Hang on... Oxygen... Spark... Air flow...
"What is missing? Although it is still raining, the mudslide has passed through..."
"That's wonderful!" Steve said happily. "I think we should go back, celebrate with a party."
Tony, Tony, are you going to kill everyone?
Tony's Longest Day 07
Tony made no rebuttal this time.
Tony did not struggle, because another voice within him, the voice that belonged to Tony, had been longing for the kiss, for him to appear, for him to stop his leaving, for him to obey his desire to stay with him at all costs. So, he put his arm around Steve's shoulder, opened his lips, allowed his tongue to run through every crack between his lips and teeth, allowed himself to be washed over and over again by that trembling longing, and then all his defenses crumbled, and all he could think about was this blond man. Tony's eyes misted as Steve released him.
"I'm sure you have two hard fists." Peter chimed in at the right time.
"They... Hm... They are back in New York."
"Oh, I forgive you."
"It was created by you. I should say."
"And now?"
The habitual criminals on Christmas Eve are also busy with the holiday and rarely want to cause trouble. So, Christmas Eve, as the name says, will probably be passed safely. It is a joyous occasion at Avengers Mansion.
"Moreover, a peacekeeping operation in other countries' territory is politically sensitive. Even if we do it with all the official procedures in place, there is still a risk of local dissatisfaction and negative media coverage. These were just some of the stories that have been reported in local newspapers."
"Buzz off, iron trash!"
Tony spent most of the next few days in labs, Doctor Octopus's lab and Avenger's lab. Many nights he fell asleep in the laboratory. Again, and again, Jarvis took the cold food from the laboratory door.
And then there was a fire. How could a small fire be Iron Man? Without even thinking, I put on armor to be a hero, and played the role to save beauty. I put the unconscious Kris in the attic of the building opposite, without paying close attention to the environment, which was filled with tanks of oxygen, helium, and nitrogen. I covered the fire with an electric magnetic field, separated the oxygen. The fire went out, but the air was filled with electrical sparks. The sparks flew across the way. When I hurried over, although I used the shield to withstand most of the explosion, Kris was still hit by the falling object. I took her to the hospital. Unclear if she's alive or dead, now.
"If there is a chance, I will certainly invite you." Tony said.
The next day, Steve walked out of school despondent and alone.
“My name is Annn... Oh, I mean, my middle name is so long, I have to think about it... James Buchanan Barnes?"
The agents of the Zodiac. This is the second time in recent cases that they have been involved. It doesn't seem simple. But Tony still couldn’t find the key clue to all this. He continued to shut his eyes and pretend to be unconscious.
In fact, from the moment you walked into my life again, I was no longer sad.
"Told you, I can take care of myself." Said Tony, taking off his helmet.
"I kept thinking when you would come, till now. Iron Man, you have become dull." Said Doctor Octopus.
"He's gone." Tasha said. "He has important matters to attend to. Let's continue our meeting. Where were we..."
The door of the castle stood wide open, and Tony walked all the way without meeting any guards. But he was fully aware that the place was full of pitfalls. Although it looked like a medieval castle, it was actually filled with modern and futuristic technology. Although most people would call this "mystical magic," Tony didn't believe in magic, and he saw these as the technology of the future. Tony also knew that the owner of the castle, Dr. Doom, was watching his every move. Tony was not going to hide his whereabouts. He knew that with Doom's technology, any attempt to hide himself would be in vain, so he just walked in. He tried to detect Doom's position in the castle, but all of his probing devices failed.
"That’s fine." Kris tried to hide her disappointment. "I think the weather is to blame. Let's go back to New York right after the New Year."
Tony, are you drunk again? Or do you never wake up? Only this time Tony didn't close his own eyes. He wondered if it just happened because he didn't close his eyes. As Steve pressed his lips to him, Tony felt he had been waiting for this moment for a hundred or a thousand years. There was so much enthusiasm longing in the waiting time. So, he put his hands around Steve's back, put his body nearly to him, so close... He could feel the heat from his skin, could use his own chest to draw the outline of his muscles. So, he opened his mouth as much as possible without breathing; He lifted his own tongue, allowed his to pass, allowed it to slide his teeth over and over again; He chased every tingling shudder that each time brought. Tony still didn't close his own eyes. He was afraid to close his eyes, even for a moment, everything would disappear, he would disappear, this Steve would disappear.
"That's why I said you were stupid, and Doom saw a future far beyond you. You might be able to stop this crisis by going back, but what about the next one, and the one after that? I hate to say it, but this planet has to have Tony Stark."
"Well, I didn't use force, but I used a little captain's authority."
Tony didn't answer Peter's question right away. Instead, he said,
"We made so much noise, can't you find us? I admire you so much for your so-called well-trained agent skills." Spiderman just wanted to worship. I'm never going to team up with this unreliable guy again.
"We... He and I were more complicated than friends."
This was an impulse that made Tony fear afterwards.
Hitting him at that time was the biggest mistake I ever made, which cost me my best friend once again."
"Tony, you're tired. Sleep for a while. Leave the rest to me." Steve's gentle, steady voice rang in his ear. The comfort, the familiarity of being in his arms, made Tony want to just go to sleep, just let himself go to sleep, leave all his troubles, all his worries, all his responsibilities to Steve, just be a human being protected by him. But he couldn't. Because he was not just Tony, he was not just a 19-year-old kid looking up at Captain America, he was Iron Man, he was his equal, so he had to protect the world, and he had to protect the man in front of him.
"I got back to university that day, immediately called the police. They found the real Cooper in the basement of the chemical warehouse. He had been in the Spymaster's captivity for a long time. He was frightened, a little dehydrated and malnourished, but his life was not in danger. The Spymaster didn’t take his life, mainly in order to extract information from him to make his disguise more secure."
"How to predict? As far as I know, scientists are not prophets of God." Tony said.
"I habbe be feorr fram Midgard for fela months, butan how cunnan mine froend's geþohtas be hydan fram me? Se nuances cunnan be secgan to me. I wille lufige to hyran. Jarvis, folgap se win!(Although I have been away from Midgard for several months, how can my friend's thoughts be hidden from me? The nuances can be said to me. I would like to hear its details. Jarvis, serve the wine!)"
"This is the parish church. It should be easy to find. This is the school... I am studying here. This is Hull's Grocery, and next to it is Rawls's Laundry... You just turn left here, and then right, and then two more blocks... Well, you won't get lost with this map." He smoothed out the map with his hands, folded it in four, and put it in the brown-haired boy's shirt pocket, carefully buttoning the pocket up. Then he remembered something important.
"I want to kiss you all the time, but let's get back to work. Let me see how many super criminals we still need to catch." Tony shrugged when he saw the figures. "Wow, surprises! It looks like we'll all be busy till dawn tomorrow."
"I don't know if I should be glad to avoid her science class. Because of this situation, she won't be able to recognize me and ask questions about where I've been for the last 10 years."
Steve had wanted to lift his hand to wipe the tears from Tony's eyes, and dropped it. There was sadness in Steve's eyes. Steve's blue ocean of sadness. Tony had erased it, and now it was reappearing.
"Tony, Dr. Octopus is coming. Do you mix the antidote?" Steve asked anxiously.
"Tony..."
"You are childish and weak, and nothing like what you will be in ten years. The Tony Stark I knew wouldn't give up so easily, and surrender to fate."
Steve stretched out his hand to pull him up. Tony waved his hand away.
"Go!"
"That's why you let me pick the number? Because this earth is made by me."
Tony 19
It's late November. There's an extraordinary tornado in Colorado, which is not in the hurricane belt. Seriously? Tony immediately put on his armor, rushed out.
New York City, Manhattan, 1932.
"You were so awesome, didn't give up on the brothers." Benjamin Brennan, the President of the Rush Fraternity, came up and hugged Tony.
After an unknown amount of time, the pain did not appear. He has gone numb from the waist down. Again, he listened. There was no sound outside. He tentatively pushed open the closet door and crawled out...
Spider-man changed into Hawkeye's clothes. "Well, you can turn around now."
"He may not get what he wants when he goes to the future. Don't forget, I am a 'future man’ trapped in the future. I don’t have a familiar person in this era, except Jarvis."
Peter got on another skateboard, slid under the Quinjet, side by side with Tony. Watching Tony skillfully handle the delicate parts inside, listening to him as he tells him every trick in it, suddenly, Peter found that mechanical engineering is also an interesting subject.
This time, Steve didn't defend with the shield, but rolled out of the way.
"What's the matter? If you don't eat it, it will melt."
"Jarvis just told me that the Avengers are on missions, except for you and me."
"You know who I mean, Tony."
Vision is always the last one that appears at parties. These gatherings contain too much human emotion, which he will never experience again after his rebirth. Vision had erased the feelings of Wanda, but Wanda could not erase her own. So, she is always waiting for the emergence of Vision. Don't know why, today she suddenly got tired. She was never stupid looking toward the door again. Maybe because of the words of Tasha, maybe 19-year-old Tony who impressed her enthusiasm, to remind her what love is, what two people love each other is. So, she enjoyed the evening, so she provoked Flamenco. She was the hot red gypsy girl again, the red focal point. She talked about love while she was dancing with Tony.
“What?”
"I'm sorry we're late. Jane has changed clothes several times."
"Then I shall disappoint you. I had chosen the best course of action available to me under those circumstances. I'm sorry it didn't meet your expectations."
‘You're looking into my life and messing with my mind! ’
When they got back to the mansion, it was already morning. Tony flew into Steve's room through the open window. Pressing button on the chest, the armor retracted the pack. Take off the armor, he is just Tony Stark. Exhausted. Tony leaned on Steve's shoulder, listened to his gabbling.
It was as if Clint had heard Tasha say so much for the first time. He had always found her cold. Maybe her enthusiasm is buried under her cold exterior.
"But I lied. I still want to kiss you all the time." With that, Tony leaned in, and began the next long kiss.
"Tony......" Steve raised his hand to grab him, but the Iron Man was gone in an instant. He raised his hand into a fist and hit the table.
"You're welcome." Hawkeye glanced at him. "I don't want to know who you are, as long as you don't hold me back."
"I drank a lot. You told me not to drink, but the more you said it, the less I wanted to listen to it. I kept saying to myself, I'm not him, I want to prove to you, to all of you, that I'm not him. I can control myself. I know when to stop.
"Steve." Tony raved in his dream.
"How are we going to get back? You broke my motorcycle."
Hawkeye swam ashore from the Colorado River, dragging Spider-man, who had been knocked unconscious. He gave him CPR, then half-opened his mask to give him artificial respiration. The guy coughed up water and woke up slowly.
"Ah, ah, dead, dead, level 131... You've come at a bad time. Ever since I've had that dump thing in my heart, I've been like a prisoner, spending hours every day recharging my implant, doing nothing but playing video games."
"You can climb tall buildings like you typically do, and I added an adsorption device to the spider's legs. There is also a spider-silk spray that you can use to reverberate. Of course, silk is 100 times more abundant than you would normally have, and 10 times more flexible and load-bearing. The four legs in the middle of the spider are embedded in the armor and you can call them out when needed. They add a 360-degree camera so you can always see what's going on around you. You can also release the tiny camera robots and remotely control them to fly at distances of up to 100 meters. They're like your spider sensing... I would try to keep the armor function consistent with your normal movement and combat habits. Detailed instructions are in the computer system."
"Met at the meeting. Pepper, Happy, Bethany... There were many more I couldn't name. I couldn't have been in his will. I didn't know why I was going to that damned meeting to know about a life that didn't belong to me. Do you want to know the contents of his will?”
"People have the right to know the truth, don't they?”
"Look, if I disappear, it's going to get their attention. We have to do this without being noticed. You, go into Dr. Octopus's lab. I'll contact you through your watch. You help me find the ingredients I need."
"Forget the ribbons and the roses. I can't wait to open my present. We can leave gift wrapping until next year."
Wearing a red mask, Tony was not too far away from Steve.
"I understand..."
"I think I should just stick to my old ways, study the ninja's footprints and trace them to your cave."
"Which one of you is related to Kris DeGann?"
"In fact, you don't have to say a bunch of things like that. I am all ready to accept the challenge. I don't think high technology is bad, but we can't just rely on machines to solve all of the problems. Perceptual intuition, survival instinct, cognitive content, these basic abilities of human beings are not completely imitated by machines. In extreme special cases, these basic abilities are the key to our success. And as an Avenger, you will often encounter this kind of situation.
"Tony, you'll catch a cold."
Tony knew it was a sign that a girl was craving a kiss. He never wanted to disappoint a girl, especially the one he would throb with. So, Tony leaned down, and gave Kris a gentle kiss on her pale lips.
Steve was happy again. He was lying on the carpet in the toy shop, still holding the shield in his arms. Bucky laid beside him.
‘All right, all right, save the blonde angel, save the planet, he has to go to school, I get it. What's the sacrifice of a few brain cells in my genius brain, uh? ’
"The permanent staff are out on duty. Besides, this is a business for Stark Enterprises. It's a private matter. It's not for them to meddle in."
"Yes, the only people who know it are almost the Avengers core, the ex-Force Works members and Tony's old inner circle, James, Pepper, Happy..."
Just then Hawkeye went up to the girl with the golden mask.
"I thought you didn't like boxing lessons."
"Childish... Mmmm..."
Peter ducked and released Dani. The frightened Dani dashed out of the fold and disappeared from sight. Peter and Seth followed it out of the sheepfold.
"Quick, we don't have much time. I'll watch for you at the door."
"Boys and girls, I know you love each other very much, but can you say the eternal love words quickly? You've heard the words of Cyclops. They won't last long. Again, this is not a parting, well, I hope not... Please hurry, thank you for your cooperation."
“Are you going to avoid me now?" Steve smiled gently.
"It's terrible. Stark's stuff has a high failure rate. What to do? I can't fly! We're dying!" Spider-Man grabs Clint. The autopilot failed, making it even more difficult for him to control the joystick.
Three voices came from Mr. Leonard, asking why he stood him up. Tony adds on the memo: Reply to Mr. Leonard, explaining that the reason for the breach was "fire." 3 stars.
"It's so easy to team up with you." Said Spider-Man admiringly.
"Steve, this is not a funny joke." Tony used the negative word, but he was already smiling.
"Tell me about it." The man said in a muffled voice, burying his head between her breasts.
"Not much. I'm not a good party organizer. I don't know how to go around talking, how to heat up the atmosphere."
"Boxing and Scouting, I see, old man." Tony got up and disguised his voice as normal.
"Don't smash the electronic lock with your shield. It will trigger an alarm." Tony hurriedly prevented Steve from further action.
"I might as well shave it off. I don't want to look like an Uncle."
Chapter 02
"If we can access communication devices, we should be able to use their network to contact the outside Avengers." Tony said.
"What do you conclude?" Tony continued.
"I guess I'm a little redundant with my mask on."
"You have done a lot. If you had not appealed to the Avengers in time, what would have happened would not have been separation, but death. While there is life, there is always hope. What about the blizzard in New York? They urgently called you back to help."
"When I was a kid, I lived in a really, really big house, and at night, in the dead of night, there would often be a strange noise coming from downstairs, whoo, whoo, buzz, buzz... Some things like this. Like crying, or like a song."
Tony's body was naked under the blanket, but there were remnants of the previous passion memories, unconscious responses to the familiar touch. As they do this thing more and more, it takes on a will of its own. It doesn't follow Tony's logic, it doesn't have Tony's thoughts, it doesn't hesitate, it doesn't want all the answers. It just falls into joy, not asking about the past, not caring about the future.
"Well, your money and my money are not the same thing."
"Wuu......" A series of broken moans.
"Make sure you don't disrupt the timeline."
"Go back and do what? It's raining, you have to rush home to collect the clothes, or suddenly remember to leave the stove on before going out." Another corner of the road collapsed under the rays.
"My infrared thermal energy is becoming less and less effective at defusing his attacks. Just like he really has unlimited energy reserves, but I don't. Wait a minute... I think I've found something... Are you getting colder and colder?"
"I'll be cold."
"You still defend him when you know he's used to you?!"
"It's kind of boring, like a retirement home. Would you like some dessert?" Hellcat handed over the plate.
Tony played the message on a loop. In the quiet night, Steve's voice covered the sound of rain outside. With magnetism and magic, the sound penetrated Tony's every cell and thrilled Tony's blood. Tony closed his eyes slowly. His body remembered his rough caresses, his heavy and light kisses, the tingling of his breath, the heat and the leaping glow of the tingling. Tony reached out and touched himself, from his lip to his ear, from his neck to his Adam's apple, and then his chest, ribs, abdomen, navel... downwards. This was the way he had kissed him, the way his kiss had landed on him and aroused his desire. At that time, he tended to go around the core of his desire, to the inside of his thigh where he nibbled gently at the skin. Each bite made Tony shiver, shivering to the rhythm of his gnawing. He raised his legs, straightened his toes, and gathered round his broad back. At that time, he would often stop, come to his ear, and say to him with a kind of gentle. The deep voice can crush all his willpower. "If you want, beg me, Tony.”
"Master Krats is in the basement laboratory."
"Actually, we didn't really hook up, not wholly hooked up, I mean he and me...... not I didn't want to, just..."
"The path of scientific discovery is always going to cost a lot of money, so when someone comes in with a lot of money, I don't usually turn it down. At first, I thought it would be the old stuff in Zodiac, making weapons, developing drugs, breaking security systems, you know, low-end crime. But they gave me something far beyond my wildest expectations."
To be continued...
"Mr. Stark, Mayday, Mayday. There's been an invasion of New York's secret armor base, and you must hurry... Ah..." Gunshots, Zimmer 's screams were heard in the background. The phone was cut off.
"Ha-ha, you're still a kid." Clint turned his head to see Spider-Man wearing his big size clothes. It was a bit funny to be himself.
"Thank you." Seth grunted unwillingly.
Avengers Mansion, New York City.
"Nobody dares bother me after you beat them. It's just that no one wants to get close to me. I can only be alone all day. If he teaches you, maybe he can teach me... Can you ask him?"
"I thought of that, Kang and his lackeys knew it. But it's not Kang's way to hire killers."
"I knew it. Here you are. "Peter gives Tony a hamburger and a cup of coffee. They are still hot. Peter saw Tony coming, ran to buy them immediately. But Tony didn't notice that. He never knew he was hungry until he had something in his mouth.
Tasha whispered to Steve, "Cap, your public speech made Nick Fury mad. He's yelling at the phone screen."
"Blizzards in 32 states, actually. It was brought under control before the New Year. I didn't really do much, I just did some calculations." Tony answered as vaguely as possible.
The last message came from Zimmer at 4:32 a.m. this morning. Zimmer... Tony searched his memory for this man. Remembered! At the announcement of That-Tony's will, there seemed to be a white-haired uncle with that name. He was the top security officer at Stark Enterprises, one of the people who knew Tony's true identity. Tony played the message:
"I can't swim." He said honestly.
"Steve, remind me to fix it when we get back. It made such a loud take-off after the last crash in the Grand Canyon, our neighbors are going to complain." Said Tony, fiddling with a row of buttons.
"Fine."
"See you later, Tony."
"I'm sorry... Captain." Tony felt as if calling Captain America "Old Man" was not a good idea. He quickly changed the title.
"While you were destroying his old connections, you were making new ones. His trust and attachment to you. You saved him, you stayed with him, you made him feel safe, you helped him build the strength to overcome his fear. So you have to re-enter his life and walk him through those early steps."
"The source is unknown and scientists are still working on it. At present, natural disasters such as earthquakes, volcanic eruptions and tornadoes can be identified."
"Listen to me, Hulk." Said Tony. “I don't know how much you understand. '
"Pretty much." Steve smiled awkwardly.
"Master Rogers, something has happened. Manhattan became an iceberg! Young Master Antony, you are here too. I thought you were back on campus."
"It wasn't his fault. He didn't start the fire. He was one man, and he had to save so many people. Is everybody okay? Oh, Tony, your arm."
"Superhero Daily."
"What can you learn from Cap's Scouting class? This is my survival experience of wandering the world for many years. Instead of learning from him learning from him, it is better to let the elder brother take you.
"There's no next date, and it's not a date."
"About 70 percent or so. There are some variables in the process."
"Two in the east, I see, Zzzzz..."
“Tony!”
He saw the blonde girl still standing on the side of the road. He pulled out his hand, which was being held by the brown-haired boy, and bent over to pick up the fallen painting. Just then, a siren sounded and a policeman came running with a baton.
Conspiracy and trap or not, Bain gave Tony a night of orgasmic sex. Late in the night, Bain seemed to be asleep. Tony, not at all sleepy, got up naked and went to the large French window. He reached out a hand and laid it against the window, and the cold rushed through it. He was overwhelmed with loneliness and desolation. The more content he got in his body, the deeper the hole in his heart. Tony didn't dare stop himself from thinking about what the feeling meant, so he turned to put on his armor and headed for the mainframe room. He needed the calculation, because he needed evidence, evidence that explained it all. Even if it's an outcome he didn't want to face, an outcome that would send him into the abyss. He quickened his pace.
“What?”
Ziiii! A chair was pulled.
"Wait, Cap... May I have a look around your room? I haven't been in your room since I've been here." Said Tony.
While they were talking, Electro had connected to nearby power lines, recharging himself once again. Electric lights hit them one by one. They dodged confusedly. All repulsors Tony fired back were absorbed by Electro. Tony had to stop.
One from the florist, reconfirm the type, time and place of the flowers for the weekend. Tony added on the memo: Call the florist, let them send the flowers to Room 320 at Maria Hospital, priority 3.
"Peter, Peter, Zzzz..."
"Iron Man."
"Actually, I..." Hawkeye was about to raise his hand again, and this time he met the fierce look of Cap. He put his hand quietly behind his back. “I... I think the wine is good today."
"I thought so. It's a pity he's not on Earth now."
"You are a strong woman, you have already proved that, Wanda. Don't forget, a long time ago, I was just a killer crawling out of the red house."
"I'm tired, too. I want to sleep a little longer."
"Tony......"
"How did you get here? It's thousands of kilometers from New York."
Sitting in a traffic jam on the Lower East Side, Mr. Krats grew increasingly agitated. His shoes kept beating against the bottom of the car.
Tony wasn't sure if Steve had said those words. He just lost himself in his blue eyes. He wasn't sure if what was happening was really happening, or if it was just an illusion. But he was still expecting, some kind of expectation he could not define, expecting the illusion to go on, and he felt as though he had closed his eyes.
"You're bored. At least you have some facial gestures to match the scene."
"Okay, I'll do it for you." Steve pulled out the razor and shaving fluid behind the mirror, and stopped Tony from fidgeting. "Don't move, it will scratch."
Tony 19
"Can he fly?”
Tony's Avenger contact card rang. Tasha's voice came out, and the connection was poor.
Another flash of lightning struck. Tony hit back with sound waves. Electro was knocked back a few steps, but quickly came back.
After he ran out, two little boys emerged under the counter. One blond, one brown. The brown-haired child laughed, the blond-haired child chuckled.
"It's only version 1.0, but I think that's enough for today. All I need to do is dive in, destroy the backups on their mainframe, dive out, and everything will be fine. No fighting."
Just then, Steve walked up to Tony, who was about to speak.
"Well, if it bothers you, you can tell me." Steve stopped, propped up his pillow against the bed, pulled Tony into his arms.
"That's a long name. Can I call you Bucky? It's much easier to say this way. By the way, my name is Steven Rogers. You can call me Steve."
"My friend Peter is also very good at music. He saved a completely hopeless party last time as a DJ." Tony took the opportunity to promote Peter.
"Yeah, I lied. I've heard it a million times. I really can't imagine why my future self would do such a stupid thing."
"But once in a while he would come up for a breath and arrest a child who had come into his toy shop by mistake. He is out now, walking up the basement stairs. Flip-flop... And then he reaches out and grabs you from behind..."
"You don't have to be him." Steve kissed Tony on the forehead.
"You are really an incompetent reserve member."
"It was a hard place to find, and not a pleasant place to be in with such a strong smell. Looks like I'm worse to avoid than a sewer."
"You are very brave, Kris. Most people would have been scared out of their minds in a situation like this, but you wanted to save Cooper in the first place." Tony said admiringly.
"It's a big day, founders reunion day. Congratulations, Thor, finding your hammer again." Jane said.
Right! Tony had a light bulb moment. I was able to breathe easily when I ran into the fire, because my armor had an oxygen supply. If I made a force field, sucked the oxygen out of the area of fire, it would extinguish the fire quickly. There's a downside to this. Of course, people in the force field temporarily lose their oxygen, but if I do it fast enough, they'll wake up in a coma at best. The more Tony thought about it, the more he thought it was a good idea. He flew over the building, started an electromagnetic vortex, covered the building in an electromagnetic field, disintegrated the oxygen in it.
When he awoke, it was late in the afternoon. Tony found his arm had been firmly banded. There was a note pinned to the bedside table under a photo of the Avengers family.
"No, I'm not a pet of S.H.I.E.L.D. I don't want to do my research under the noses of a bunch of stupid guards." Doctor Octopus said haughtily.
"Cooper is a man of few words, and has few friends. So, it is difficult to rub Spymaster’s cover." Tony comforted Kris.
"Actually, you know..." Tony wanted to say that he didn't like baseball at all. As a teenager, he preferred to stay in the lab, not the playground. He had never bought a baseball shirt to watch a baseball game. But for some reason, he couldn't... He didn't want to disturb the memory of the man in front of him. So, he said:
"Bucky?!" Steve yelled in surprise. Then he bowed his head and paused for a moment. Then he spoke again. "What are you doing here?”
"Looks like I'm not the one who needs to surrender." A whip light rolled on Steve again. Steve got out of the way.
"Trust is earned, not by tricks. Do you think you seduced the leader? Avengers will be under your control?" Hawkeye went on with his vicious remarks.
Tony didn't have the strength to talk back this time. He left a series of gasps. As his clothes peeled off one by one, his body gave the answer. As Tony was carried naked to bed, his dim eyes were only on the blond man in front of him.
Steve nodded. Then his hand was led up. He grasped the hand that was holding him. He looked sideways at the man, letting him lead him out of the endless darkness.
"When you interrupted me, what I meant was, 'Tony Stark can't, but... Captain America can’".
"You know very well that men in steel masks always fascinate me." Bain turned and put her arms around the mysterious man behind him. The mystery man pulled off her skirt, carried the naked Bain to a nearby table, and opened her legs.
Simulation training room, Avengers Mansion, now.
"That...... I've changed my mind."
“On the east wing. Go down this staircase. Keep up." Said one of the figures.
"Oh, Vic, I don't know what to do without you."
"Thank you, Steve." Paige gave Steve a hug. “Can I come and help you in the shop every day? It will be much faster if we do it together."
"Media pressures will make us all solve it faster."
"Or you put it in the drawer to make people think you were set up. And this is what you call an advanced AI system? You still have nothing to prove that you were not involved in the event. Don't forget that there was a life left. Means this was not a simple crime of theft." Tony said sarcastically.
"Will he watch over me?”
"How long will that take?"
To be continued......
"Let's fly back."
"You know, I don't like to deal with mermen."
Steve accepted the rare flattery as he spoke, rolled over on top of Tony without stopping his hand movements. His hand ran across Tony's bare skin. Every touch, like faint, lit flames everywhere. A thin layer of beads sweat oozed from Tony's body, which contained desires that were still not deeply satisfied. So, his body undulated in pursuit of his movements, constantly close to him. He even curled his right leg, half around his body, rubbing the inside of his thigh against his waist to keep him there. But he still only let him breathe at a time, and did not let him release.
"Aha, you see? What did I tell you?" Wanda said with a smile. "Tasha has always known how to make a team work best. So, you're on my team today."
Steve walked slowly towards Tony. He sat gently beside him and put his arm round his shoulder.
"What?! You can open the door, is it?!"
"So, you two are fighting like nobody is watching, again? Guys, we're locked up right now. As far as I know, it's a secret operation." Spiddy interposed.
"It's too late to avoid this disturbing area. We have to make an emergency landing." Steve said.
"Did you believe it?"
"I think there has been some misunderstanding. They are good people. I was saved by one of them. I was saved by Iron Man." Kris said.
"Washington D.C." Hawkeye said a little disappointed.
It's only three months in the future. I've already been in jail twice. And this time I'm innocent. The more Tony thought, the more depressed he became. Steve, next to him, kept a smile on his face. Don't know why he can laugh now.
Spiderman sat down next to Tony, half opened his mask, drank coke through a straw, swung his legs out of the building.
"Tony, where are you?"
"Oh... All right." Tony didn't want to admit that Steve's approach was better.
"Well, let's sneak away. "Steve laughed.
Although the Avengers were less effective in this battle, these enemies did not fight them for long. Perhaps the chaos in New York City may just throw a stone to clear the road. Libra, the Zodiacal messenger, left the earth with the remnants of his gang. The black circle disappeared, and the sun was restored in New York.
Clint made sure this was the third time Spider-Man had talked about a neighbor’s cat he rescued from a tree, or if it wasn't the same cat.
"Don't look at me. I'm not interested in men with a swollen face." Hellcat turned and left.
"What clues do you have to the cause of these anomalies?" Tony asked.
"It follows a bad Christmas in the Yorkshire Dales in Britain, where Iron Man, an Avenger, was seen in action. His move triggered a backlash in the UK, where the issue was picked up by various media outlets. On the day after New Year's Day, someone spotted Iron Man flying solo out of the Avengers' mansion and provided us with photos."
Steve's face continued to magnify in front of Tony's eyes. He could even feel his breath and feel his nose pressing against his own.
He's gone, he's gone! All Tony's eagerness gave way to deep disappointment, then to raging anger.
"..."
Wait a minute, Kris... The brown-hair girl was in Tony's head. She was nowhere to be seen. She hadn't come out yet. Tony rushes into the fire. Black smoke obstructed his vision. He switched on an infrared scan. Must find her. Must save her...
"Me too." Said Peter, looking up in due time.
Hank dragged Thor aside to talk, while Jane continued to join in the conversation between Steve and Tony.
"Well, she deserved to be fired."
"Tony..."
"Tony, I don't want to fight you."
"I just realized how bad it is. I can't hack into this system all the time."
"Fix the fire hydrant first. Got it!" Tony sent out a repulsor, welded the hydrant, and stopped the water flowing.
Sure enough, Steve's room is neat and uncluttered. Flat sheets, an old radio at the head of the bed, photos of the Avengers, some books in the bookcase... There is a sofa and coffee table near the window. Attracting the attention of Tony are the paintings on the wall. Most of them are portraits, Thor, Giant Man, Yellow Jacket, Hawkeye, Scarlet Witch, Quicksilver, and of course the highest frequency is Iron Man.
"I actually can fight. I was forced to take physical combat training before survival training."
"You know now. Do you think I'm a Philistine?" Kris hung her head a little worried, stirred the food on her plate with a fork.
"Tony......"
A fire was roasting a pheasant, which Clint had shot. Spider-Man, who was sent to catch fish, apparently came up empty. But the person who ate most of the pheasant was Spider-Man.
At this time, Jarvis came through the door, pushing a dining trolley which had a big cake on it. Seeing this, Tony became so excited.
"I promise. Can we go now?"
"You want me to be him?! Then you are wrong! Even if my body becomes him, my mind is still me."
"Me too. I should take your companion at his word. Those maskers don't look like good guys." The policeman who escorted them quickly apologized.
"Yes, so I didn't do these." Doom replied calmly.
"The way you take it. Are you lost?" This time he laughed.
"I think so." When the guards had gone, Tony opened his eyes and sat up. As expected, it was Spiderman.
Tony 19
Unknown Dimension.
“Carol? Captain Marvel?"
"So what do you expect in it? A bunny girl jump out?" Steve walked in through the door. "Sorry, I'm late. S.H.I.E.L.D. mission."
"Nonsense, people are born to swim. You knew it when you were in your mother's womb. You just forgot about it. Come down, I'm bored down here by myself."
"How big a threat are these disasters, and will they eventually cause the destruction of the planet?"
Grand Canyon, 40 kilometers away on the cliff, next to the Quinjet.
New York, Day after new year's at Avengers Mansion.
"Steve."
"And then?" Steve's attention was drawn to Bucky's story.
“What's the matter, Tony?”
"This is Dr. Octopus’ experimental base?"
"No, my armor is equipped with an automatic drying system." Tony said as he gently pulled down Steve's mask. Steve's blond hair was instantly drenched. "And you, you won't catch a cold."
The always talkative Hawkeye had no object to talking to, super boring. He took out the escape list, crossed out the name of Flying Tiger, looked at the next target, and set out. But along the way, Vision silently floating beside him.
"Dry your hair."
Tony leaned on Victor's shoulders and tried to straighten up. His feet slowly regaining consciousness were like being pricked by countless needles.
"You know where I live, right? It's the white-roofed house you beat up those kids next to."
When Tony saw her appearance, he gave a whistle and jumped down the car. He gave the flowers to Kris, kissed her gently on her cheek.
"Damn it, Steve. Because we have to bet more than the two of us, we have to bet too many people!" Tony raised his voice, then turned his eyes away again.
“You didn't do it. I'm telling them the truth. If you don't get caught, you can bail me out." Tony said.
"Well, you definitely know the name Meredith McCall, do you?"
Tony didn't dare raise his head, but he plucked up his courage and said "If any of you are going to use this as an excuse to think the founders voted unfairly, look at Jane and Hank. They vote one for one, too. Personal relationships don't affect my fairness."
"The meeting was closed. Let the elder brother take you to wander." Hawkeye put his arm around Spider-Man's shoulders and walked away.
Long or short kisses continued between them. In the intervals between these kisses, the conversation continued.
"Deep down you want to go mad with me, don't you? You're sad only when I'm not mad.”
"Thank you." He said,
"Is it me? I'm flattered. I don't seem to have helped much."
"It's a bit strange." Black Widow muttered.
Tony ran through the crowd streaming out of the front door of the burning building, was looking for... Red sports car, red sports car, not this one, not this one... Got it! He grabbed his backpack, ran to the stairwell of a villa opposite, put it on his back, and pressed the button across his chest, which connected to the implant in his chest. The armor unfolded.
Yes, that's it. He's like a transformer. It absorbs, it transforms, and then it releases. And every machine has an Achilles' heel. Tony had an idea, but it was a risky one.
"Yes. In fact, we all vaguely know what happened between him and Cap, but he never said it, never showed it the way you do." Wanda said, slightly excited.
"I won't even pretend to be afraid this time."
"One more thing, Cap." Tasha went over to Steve. "There was a lot going on, so I took over the leadership of the team. I think it's time to give it back to you."
Tony involuntarily lowered his eyes to avoid the gaze of the man opposite him.
"And maybe to build some snowmen, and Jarvis's Christmas Eve dinner, and to beat up some bad guys who rob children of Christmas presents, and..."
"I can try to change my density to penetrate it." Vision said.
"Never mind, I haven't been here long. Just in time to see Stark's new mansion." Replied Krats politely.
Tony flew to the village of Dent, at the bottom of the valley, where the population is the largest. The Pennine Mountains are by no means an earthquake-prone region, and mudslides are unheard of, so the villagers were in disarray, not knowing what to do, just screaming.
An hour later, Tony came out with both his arms bandaged. He refused the doctor's recommendation for observation in hospital. He's not going anywhere until Chris is out of danger. So he sat down in the corner chair next to the resuscitation room. Steve was still sitting next to him.
Namor, Bucky, and other old teammates-in-arms may visit us frequently. We would gather together to eat the specialty dishes handed down by Peggy’s grandmother, sing old battlefield songs, reminisce, tell the stories of the battles, until my kids got bored, and then tell them to my grandchildren... Until they listened impatiently too.
"My assistant should have warned me."
"Save it, Doom. You're not fooling anyone. You don't mean to kill me. Whiplash, Spymaster, don't you have enough dogs sent to play with me? You are trying to get my attention and begging me to come along. Now I am here. Why are you bashful in the shadows like a little girl? Maybe I should leave." Tony made a gesture and turned away.
Easier than I thought. The flower giver chuckled. He pulled out a syringe from the flowers, and approached the bed softly. He poured the liquid into the hanging flask, and turned off the nearby monitoring device.
"Anyone here?” He cried out. He pushed his way through the shelves to the counter, where he found no one there. He decided to grab anything and run out. He reached for the shelves... A spider about a foot in diameter landed directly on his shoulder from the ceiling. It crawled over him, spitting silk, and the stiff hairs of the spider's belly scraped his neck.
"Yes, I promise. Let's go."
"I am Mags. We've met before." A blonde came up to Tony. He never knew how to say no to beautiful girls.
"Thank you, Jarvis." Instead of taking the mug, Steve turned and hugged Jarvis. He held back all the tears that had come to his eyes.
"Don't sleep, old man. I'm coming back."
"We haven't had a founder vote yet; I think he should know to give me a little bribe."
"There was a fire on campus, Iron Man saved her. I took care of her at the hospital." Tony said calmly.
With the help of Iron Man, people in Dent Village evacuated from the bottom of the valley in an orderly manner.
Steve looked at these men Tony had knocked down.
He's Tony Stark. If he doesn't want to be found, then no one can find him. If he doesn't want to be chased, then no one can catch him. And I'm just an old man on a motorcycle.
Tony was thrown to the ground again.
That's what Steve wanted to ask, but he didn't.
"Since the party guy didn't bring it up, I brought it up for him." Steve said.
"Maybe... Maybe it wasn't a mistake." Tony was firm again. “But I must do what I have to do, and so do you. Because I'm Iron Man and you're Captain America. These two titles represent a meaning and a responsibility that is much bigger than ourselves, much bigger than Tony and Steve."
"I have a few questions about the design for your new protective equipment. I'm in a hurry to ask you out today because the military is pressing for it." Carbonell said as he took out the blueprints from his suitcase.
"You can ask your good friend Spider-Man, he has visited several times, hasn't he?" Said Dr. Octopus sarcastically.
"It makes you colder when it's wet. You really have no experience in the wild. Can't your superpowers resist the cold? My God, you can wear mine first. Mine is dry." Clint took off his clothes and handed them to Spider-Man.
"Seasickness."
Steve doesn't stay at his house very often, but he goes home every night so that he can see his mother. He earned some money from his job at the Magic Toy, which he secretly hid in a piggy bank under a floor in his home. There was a lot of cash there. He wished his mother would work less so that he could see her more often. One day he told his mother the secret.
An uninhabited island in the Atlantic Ocean. Now.
"I am your good neighbor Hawkeye."
"After you saved me, it was a small deal. I could escape the assassination all because you told me on time that day."
"That's a problem... Well, let me think about it. In fact, the creation of amnesia is not so advanced, the brain is just an advanced machine. Since my armor can record data, only my brain can't, that means the data source in this area hasn't been tampered... The mechanism by which this area erases memories may simply be preventing the brain from converting short-term memories into long-term ones. It's supposed to interfere with this function of the brain by emitting certain frequencies. Since this is an area under the control of the Forever Crystal system, this interference frequency should also be cast by the system. If my theory is correct, all you have to do is eliminate this source of interference from the system.
‘Reverse? Not at the moment. I need to look into it. You can buy your own ice cream if you want it.’
He was so absorbed in his food that he didn't notice that Steve was actually watching him all the time. When Tony finished eating, looking at the person next to him, he found that Steve hardly took a few bites of the ice cream in his hand. The white melted cream dripped onto his hand, forming a white curve. Without even thinking about it, he reached over, licked the melt marks. He ran along his fingers and licked the ice cream on his hand.
Hawkeye glared at them both. "Hush, hush."
Tony 19
"We can reach an agreement, you can make all the plans, I'll agree with you, as long as you agree with me at this time. Agree?"
"Thor......" Tony drawled.
The fire lit up Seth's face. He is a small man with half red hair and sideburns. He's about 30 years old. According to Tony's information, the DeGann family is one-eighth Irish, and Seth obviously has more of that in him.
"I'd rather be called Doctor Octopus." Dr. Octopus replied.
"Oh, Mr. St... Tony."
"Charles, look at what you've done. I told you not to try to mess with my brain. That anger and that hatred are parts of me. When I lose them, I lose myself." Said the man in black.
Tony's Longest Day 03
He was no longer afraid. He stretched out, felt the waves touch him, and then he floated...
"Harold, to the Hellfire Club."
"No, really not."
"I know. No, I mean, who doesn't know? I mean, everybody knows it's National Day. Wow, I didn't know it was your birthday. Happy birthday!"
"He hasn't turned up today. Are you still waiting for him?"
"You're a time travel enthusiast. You've got a lot of space-time energy stored in your body. Now you're showing off, waiting for me to ask you for help."
“Make up a story” is a very difficult task to carry out. Peter thought as he ran to the sheepfold. Inside the sheepfold, Seth was trying to pull a strong Billy goat out of the fold. Dani's strength was multiplied by the shock, and Seth had no way of fighting it. Peter joined the team pulling the goat.
"What do we do now?"
"Cap, I need your support here." Tony interposed solemnly. It was too late for Steve to cover his mouth. "Black Widow, this is Iron Man. Cap and I are in Washington D.C chasing The Ghost. He went into Stark's secret base last night, killed the chief of security, stole high-tech weapons. It was very dangerous. I couldn't deal with it alone.
“It's nothing! Samantha, I just need you to bring us another pot of coffee."
As the music began to play, he saw Cap walk up to Tony, take Tony's hand, and walk off the dance floor. Then Peter saw them in a corner, hugging and dancing, whispering to each other, Tony laughing now and then. Before the music was over, Cap took Tony by the hand and slipped away through the door at their side. Peter stared blankly at the empty door for a long time.
"Kids, I'm in a bit of a hurry, so I'll treat each of you to an ice cream today, if you let me buy it first."
“Well, well, don't need stress that you've been busy. You were shouting so loudly through the window. I've got your intention." As he spoke, Steve's shield easily held off another shot from Spymaster, who recoiled a few paces.
"Anyway, just make up a big number. 20200629?"
“I'm so sorry, Sir. There is a traffic accident ahead. At a crossroad, a construction truck and a food truck collided, scattering bricks and cans all over the ground. The crowd was looting. There are people everywhere. We can't get around them."
Peter's logic was all jumbled and incoherent. Tony was amused by Peter's barrage of questions. His answer was to simply open the helmet. Tears welled up in Peter's eyes and he threw his arms around Tony.
“Now!" Tony said.
“No. Come! Again!”
"He and I exchanged a few words."
Tony couldn't bear to see any pretty girl sad, especially this one he had his heart set on, so he took Kris by the hand and said, "No matter how busy I am, I'll make time for you. I was actually going to invite you to David Wojnarowicz’s art exhibition, but then you went to the hospital, and then I had some family emergencies, so if you're free this weekend..."
"But..." He looked into the unfathomable water and hesitated.
"He didn’t have my own label on his head. I don’t have his own label on my head either." Tony said quietly. "And it just happened that way. I let it happen. Bain is a very attractive dangerous woman."
"I knew it! Come on. Come out. I am waiting for... I'm waiting..."
"My armor's built-in communication system is broken now. Pay attention to the Quinjet, quickly switch to pure manual!"
"And to talk about Spider-Man, and the weather in England."
"That's different. He's my father, and he's more terrible than they are, more terrible than anyone else in the world... He... I don't know why, I don't know, I... I was just too timid."
"Iron Man, you have to hurry them up. The energy of the turbulence is too strong, we can’t last very long." The voice of Cyclops came from the communication system built into the armor.
"The magnetic interference in this area is blocking communication, even if it’s you can't solve it in such a short time, that is why you rushed straight to the base. Besides, Captain America and Spider-Man are busy right now. It will take a while to get here.”
"Come on, how can we communicate with each other on this island?"
"Thanks, Tasha."
"Haven't I given enough for today?" Tony asked innocently.
Krats's brow furrowed. He rose and took Mrs. Rogers's trembling hands in his, fighting his nausea from the smell of blood.
Steve rushed in, raising his shield in front of Hulk.
"Cap can't back up. He's in Washington D.C with Iron Man. He suggested we contact Spider-Man to back up." Black Widow cut off contact, said.
Central Park, New York City.
"The history of our brotherhood is full of glory, and your mind will help us continue that glory." Benjamin went on. While a scream came from downstairs.
Country Dad could be my life, but it shouldn't be Tony's. He's a knight in shining armor, he's a flame in the sky, he'd rather bleed to death on the battlefield than rot in the Promised Land. When he can't burn, when he can't fly, he can't be happy. I can catch the knight in the sky, but I should never lock him in a castle.
"Listening to what you said, I seem to be a little overprotected. I always treat him like a child." Steve shook his head, laughed at himself after hearing Thor's words.
Steve sighed helplessly.
“Tony, what are you doing?!" Steve, next to him, obviously saw what he was doing.
"Ha-ha, Tony... You..."Wanda laughed.
"Wait a minute, Iron Man. You'd better hurry." Dr. Octopus called to Tony. "Based on some of my earlier analysis, the time between the source and the anomalies is shrinking. Not necessarily a sign of the end of the world, but who knows, dying in S.H.I.E.L.D. isn't my life plan."
"Well, you are fast asleep now, like a harmless little angel. But I can't sleep yet, and I need to deal with all the problems you've caused. I’ll write it down in my note, and get it back from you someday." He said to Steve, who was asleep.
"Not true."
"Braver than who? That-Tony?" Tony guessed from Wanda's words.
“Study it someday”. He murmured. Finally, I went in.
"They are all made by Mr. Krats. He's really something. He's not an evil wizard, he just likes to bury himself in the lab. Although I've worked in his toy shop for a long time and I haven't seen him many times, but... He is a... Good man." Steve's tone was full of adoration and admiration.
"I have never rejected him for what he did. He always wanted to do better, beyond the times. But his attempts didn't always lead to good results. He was a 'future man' trapped in this era."
Her words frightened Tony. He kept his composure and did not change the rhythm of his movements.
"You'd better start evacuating people fast. I can take care of myself. I'll get out on time."
“Like keeping a diary?”
"I will sneak into The Bain Tower. You're outside for lookout support. Don't you have some kind of high bug sensitivity or something?"
"Is that so? Or you don't want me to see your face under your helmet. Relax, I'm actually a very secretive person. Believe me, your secret will be safe with me."
"You know, I had limited money and limited materials, and adding flight would have made it too heavy, so I just..." Said Tony.
"How could I be unhappy?! I'm glad, I'm satisfied, I'm definitely delighted." Peter parted from Tony, trying to force a smile through his tears.
"Uh? Is it that obvious?"
Steve's laughter stopped suddenly.
10 minutes later, in the fast-food restaurant on the corner of the street.
Steve threw the shield to disrupt Whiplash. Tony rushed out of the fast-food restaurant, drilled to the bottom of a car.
"We can go back to the Mansion together or you can go back to the campus if you don't want to see Avengers..."
"Uh." Tony went on quietly, mending his armor.
Damn you, old man. Reflexes. He means training to his level. Tony had a picture in his head of Steve laughing and easily beating down Spymaster.
"Oh my God, I can't watch this anymore. My eyes are going to swell like peaches. We've already agreed. Is that all right? Cap, why didn't you tell him at the beginning? You've been standing in the cold wind for half an hour. You're freezing my goose bumps off the floor." Hawkeye rolled his eyes and came through the back door. "Ouch! Tasha, don't kick me."
"It's actually Tony Stark's mission. I have a date with a girl today. I don't want to be late for my first date."
Stark merge Fujikawa? It seems that they are hiding too much from me. Tony thought.
Ebbets Field, now.
"Thank you." Said Libra.
"Next time, at a moment like this, don't let your imagination run wild."
Tony was a little pleased to see him worrying about him. He resisted the urge to kiss the man in front of him, instead, gave him a big smile.
Through the glass Sunset Bain saw the Iron Man hovering outside the window on the 77th floor. She reached for her hair, stood up slowly, walked slowly past, gently pushed open the window, high heels on the carpet did not make a sound.
"I reckon they're all right."
"Seems not." Tony scratched his head. Actually, he had forgotten the last time he had eaten.
Steve's laughing face magnified...
"That's all right. The Earth will be destroyed and we'll all be blown up. If you're not going to lose your precious title as a king and become a refugee on another planet, you'd better help."
In Steve's hand touching the armor, Tony launched the booster device on the gauntlets, turned, held Steve; At the same time, a repulsor fired off Steve’s shield; His gauntlets pressed his wrist, put on either side of his head. The whole action took only one second.
The Windows 95 desktop and slow dial-up Internet drove Tony crazy. Tony thought it would be nice if the Avenger system could be hand-held and wirelessly connected to the high speed satellite space network all the time.
"Yes."
To be continued......
"Oh. I think so."
"You know, spoken wish can’t come true."
To be continued......
Chapter 37
"Iron Man, are you here to die? Your shell is the best conductor. I’ll make you into an electric skewer. Ha-ha." Electro roared with laughter.
"You know, though the Whiplash was Tony Stark's old adversary, but I've never played with him. According to the data of That-Tony, Whiplash is a pair, a man and a woman, true identity is unknown, hired killers only recognize money, good at using two high voltage whips."
"It's time for Avengers." Tony was in high spirits. He shouted the slogan, "Avengers Assemble!"
There was no echo, the place beside him was empty. No need to read the message. It must be Avengers Daily. Tony rolled over on his left side again, landed on Steve's accustomed side. With the familiar smell, he continued to close his eyes.
You see, this matter was originally very simple. Under my home opening a time tunnel, a group of strangers told me how terrible the future me was... I wanted to do a good deed, to be responsible, to be a hero, to stop my future evil self. But the side effect was to cause severe time turbulence, resulting in a global vision. But that doesn't make sense, does it? Theoretically, a person cannot step into the same time node twice. So, I initially thought that the result of my time travel would only result in the creation of a new parallel universe at this time node. After all, there are many crazy ones who can travel through time, such as Kang. Each time he traveled, he created a new Kang, and then created an infinite number of Kangs in the multiverse. As I read this in the Avengers database, I was struck by the fact. So many Kangs were mingling together was not an easy thing to forget. That’s why I was sure my time travel was just that I created a parallel universe, rather than the goddamn paradox that caused the collapse of time."
"How could I have lost my way when you drew such a detailed map? I've just been a little busy lately..."
"Can't believe we watched the whole game!"
"In fact, the key plot of a Western movie is not counting stars. It is the person who counts the stars with you." Steve pulled Tony over his chest, touching his skin, warming him.
"Yes... He was coming. I'm going to find Dani."
"Tony, wait for me, wait for me..." Steve was delirious in his sleep.
"Well, I'll keep the light. I don't think you want to go to bed without it today."
"A... Compliment?" Tony gasped; A little pain accompanied by pleasure.
"Tony, you..." Steve blacked out before he finished speaking.
"My intention alone? If it is only my intention, I will keep busy."
"So, you're wearing armor this time, aren’t you? Don't you dare turn around now and take off your helmet and face me?"
"That's it. We're just a third-line search and rescue team, aren't we?"
"No, I'm not. There's nothing to be jealous of. He's been dead for over 50 years."
Steve continued to walk slowly along the long wall, his hands fluttering over the names on the monument, but his thoughts turned to the future, some kind of strange future...
"Well, you're not too stupid, old man."
To be continued......
"I don't know what to do, I can't figure it out, maybe I'm not a genius after all." Said Tony gloomily. "I thought through every detail, I made the formula, I programmed it, I brought the data in and it just didn't work... I just don't know what's wrong." Tony spoke a lot of geek languages that Steve didn't understand either, but he listened patiently.
As it got later and the kids were gone, Steve seemed to be the only one left in the empty school. He narrowed his eyes as the light grew dim.
When Steve walked into the lab, there were scattered drawings, various instruments, and Tony buried behind a pile of equipment.
"May I make one request before you do that, Cap?"
Tony strode past the fallen Electro toward Steve. He walked over to Steve, took off his helmet. The spray instantly wet his hair.
Tony felt he had jumped into a trap, so he tried to answer vaguely.
Avengers Mansion two hours later.
One, from Brennan, inquired about the condition, told him that because of the fire the Rush Fraternity needed to rebuild, he would not be able to take him in. Tony just deleted the message.
Victor activated the robotic arm that was holding the armchair. It fell slowly. The armchair dropped about half a metre above the half-pace. Victor held out a hand to Tony.
The prison door opened and Tony was thrown in. The man who threw him in laughed and said, "Little bug, give up, you don't need to wait for backup. Your fellows have come to join you."
“Didn't anyone care if everyone in the Yorkshire Dales was saved? Didn't anyone mention we saved the whole train?" Tony stood up angrily.
"Fly over."
"Since we are pressed for time, I will make a short story. Today's Zodiac is no longer what it used to be. It is no longer a criminal organization, and I am not a criminal organization leader. As you said, I was the only one left after Zodiac encountered Avengers a few times. I was dissatisfied with the way others were doing things, rarely involved in the activities of the organization. I joined Zodiac only for one purpose: to seek knowledge of the cosmos.
Arizona, a day ago.
"Just kidding, I know who it is. Old people are trouble, need to be taken care of at all times."
"Guys, don't make this look like a separation, okay?" Hawkeye interposed. "Stark's one of those bad nature, a drama queen. It's not like we've just met him. Of course, this version of him we just met, but that's pretty much of them. I bet he'll be back in a few days. And Sikorski won't be any more difficult to deal with than Gyrich. Isn't Cap allowed to walk right through the door of the Big Gun?"
"That's all right. How much do I need to fix?"
At dawn, Tony returned to his dormitory, took a bath, then went to see Peter. They met on the campus of Empire State University. Peter was sitting on a bench under a tree. It was late autumn. The leaves were scattered at his feet. This is the first time Tony has met Peter without his Spider-Man uniform. He was wearing a light gray hoodie, bleached dark blue jeans, and old sneakers that were gray in white. Taking off his uniform, Peter is an unassuming boy, even a bit of a traditionalist, who could easily get lost in the crowd of individualized, trendy college youngsters. His cheeks were red in the cold air. He had been waiting for Tony for a long time.
"I asked how you got here, how did you get to my house?"
October 6, 2020
"Remember to put on a coat, beware of cold."
"... I used the microwave frequency add to your Vibranium, adjusted the circuit board to the correct frequency, directly removed his whip. He stared. Ha... Ha... "Tony ate three hamburgers, had a spirit, and began to gush.
"Then how do you explain the fact that they're in your drawer?" Tony continued calmly.
"Can she, Bucky? I can help out one more hour a day." Steve said.
"I’ll try. It's best if I can help you." Peter said.
"Kris, you stay here. It should be safe from the fire. I have to get back to rescue." Kris was still in a coma.
"Fujika's facilities are a bit outdated, and I'm no longer employed by them, and I'm no longer working for the Avengers. Let's just say I'm a single man."
‘You are bored. Looks like building a brain control A.I to meet my various requirements is more convenient. Now, you can go away! ’
Tony 19
"Busy saving the world, I knew. I also confess, actually, I don't like baseball. I really don't know when he got into baseball. At least, not at my age or before."
"It won't be long. I'll move on." But Tony answered it anyway.
"You know, it was not just pain..."
"I'm sure. Or you don't want..."
"Tasha, you're so kind. You coming back to pick up the Avengers Chief is a great gift. What? You're not going to stay, just drop by. That's all right. I'm just glad to see you. Oof, how about a kiss? Ah! Don’t hit my face. Ugh, it hurts."
"What happened just now?" Asked Spiderman.
Tony, who had heard Spiddy’s words, got up.
"No, Thor, not you." Tony said. "You are our back hand. Once its shell is broken, we have to neutralize the chaotic space-time energy. We must transform from those who possess space-time energy themselves. You're very old, probably thousands of years old, no offense, and you have traveled through time many times, so you're one of the highest providers."
At this time of year there was a Yule Ball at the Stark Mansion. The Stark family would invite all sorts of New York celebrities. Dressed in a black tuxedo and bow tie, young Tony's bristling hair was combed smoothly back, and every visitor who arrived was almost tempted to pinch his cheek. But Tony soon lost his presence at the crowded party, where his parents were always too busy socializing. Tony would fall asleep in a corner and wake up the next day in his room, probably to be carried back by Jarvis. So, Tony never liked Christmas. This was Tony's first Christmas without his parents, without the Yule Ball, without the lights of Stark's old Mansion, and without snow.
"After the diagnosis, it can provide 4.62 hours of support without the shield or 3.21 hours of support with continuous shield."
"Don't thank me. The frat guys made me bail you out." Kris gave Tony a white glance.
"You can think of it as a slightly more complex growth agent." Doom said.
"Are you sure X-Men will hold out until you figure it out?" Doom sneered.
"You really need to eat something and rest." Steve put the tray on the table.
"Doom, this game is boring." Tony shouted into the air. "The toys you make are useless junks. If you have too much money, I suggest you donate it to charity. But a despotic tyrant like you probably wouldn't have charity numbers in your phone book."
“Doesn't it?" Steve pondered.
"Captain, it's too late. The hole has collapsed, you can't rush in."
"Nothing serious. I slipped in the laundry. I've put it on." Mrs. Rogers pulled at her sleeve, trying to cover the bruise.
"Heavy snow has hit 32 states in the United States, and... Dr. McCoy is making weather controllers... Zzzzz.. We agreed after deliberation... Zzzz... He needs help..." Said the Black Widow.
"I know, Tony."
"In fact, before he left, he asked me to tell you that he was sorry he couldn't handle it better, he hurt you."
"And where were you when my armor lost power and I was held at gunpoint by a bunch of guards?"
They arrived at the target smoothly, a painting by Picasso.
"Good, next time Quinjet has a condition I won’t be blind."
The Quinjet, on the way home to New York City.
The hint provoked a flash of images in Tony's head, he pushed them away, soothing his emotions for a moment, dodging the hot spot.
"That's just a side effect."
"Also, I want to add a little heat. If I win, you need to learn how to operate armor from me, and put on the armor I made for you to fight".
"So that the Avengers can exist, and you will be able to continue to be the perfect leader loved by all?!"
Chapter 04
"Elden, I always felt his name was familiar, and his occupation... I didn't think much about it during the fight. I just noticed now..."Looking at the faraway van, Tony said confusingly.
“I'll tell Jarvis to prepare it. Welcome home, Cap. Widow offline."
Spider-Man had been stuck to a nearby wall. When Tony's eyes rested on him, he scratched his head and said: "Guys, is it time for the awe-inspiring lines? I'm really bad at this. 'Make sure you don't miss the decimal point, and bring us all back, Tony. 'How about this?"
"I'll tell you one more thing. I'm afraid you'll be disappointed. You've done a very poor job. My armor didn't charge very much. I was lazy in the early hours of the morning, and wanted to go to bed early."
"Not an announcement. Nothing exclusive."
"Oh? It's full of all kinds of old-fashioned stuff. There's no high tech like Tony's room, it should not conform to any Tony's interests."
Hopefully, after he destroyed the tower's perimeter defenses, the signal would pass through, or hope that Pete's spider sense won’t fail as well as his armor.
This emergency has at least saved Hawkeye from the cat talk.
"Tasha was giving everyone a day off, I was staying on duty. When your call came, I rushed out without thinking... Kris was out of danger, your side was stable, I must hurry back."
"Shhh... Don't talk."
What about the promised secret entry? Spider-man wondered. The original plan was that Hawkeye sneaked in secretly, rescued him, the two of them went out together and left here. How did he make such a fuss? It appears that Hawkeye's claims of extensive experience as an agent are exaggerated. Also, Hawkeye is just an ordinary human with no superpowers, has a low chance of winning against these well-trained mercenaries and high-tech equipment agents of Zodiac. Think of these, Spider was a little anxious, the leisure just now was gone. He rushed to the cell door, tried to open it by brute force, then powered back up by the defense system that's installed on the door.
Steve's breathing became even and he fell asleep. Krats placed his arm gently back under the cover on his chest, rolled out of bed, and tucked him in the quilt.
After the baseball game, they were walking in the street.
"All they'll know is that I paid their tuition."
"I've been thinking about it since last night." Tony put his arms around Steve, and gave him a long deep kiss.
"Follow it. You can't find your way without a locator, even though you were here a year ago."
Krats never paid attention to the time when he was so engrossed in making "toys" that he hated being interrupted. So he did not look up when Jarvis entered.
"I don't really remember. I don’t actually have this memory of what happened in my brain. But I remember a record of it after I left this space."
"This is the Grand Canyon thousands of kilometers away. We don't even know where we crashed. We'd better wait for them to come."
"But he managed to escape Kang's control, destroyed the machine, saved earth."
"I decided to do it the old way." Steve backed out 10 yards, then flew out of the shield, hit the electronic lock on the cell door.
"My dear lady, may I have the honor of dancing with you? I think your swaying dance will make this room flourish." Thor said to Hellcat with a deep bow. Hellcat smiled, accompanied Thor down the dance floor.
Jane piloted a Quinjet to send them to the training ground. She and Cap sat in the front passenger seat. Tony and Mask Girl sat behind. Tony is usually popular with girls, as long as he shakes his short black hair and shows a sunny smile, few girls don't like him. But apparently this girl was sitting beside him don’t. He couldn’t see her face; He couldn’t read her mind. Tony didn't even know how to start a conversation. There seemed to be a barrier between them, divided them far apart, so they were silent all the way.
"Master Rogers, you are here too. I just brought tea to your room, you were not in. Would you like me to bring it here?"
Elise stopped crying. "Well, Elise believes in Peter."
"I wonder if I can go there? I mean if Peter's been there." Kris said.
"Steve, are you having nightmares again?" Peggy gently wiped the sweat from Steve's forehead, smoothed out his sweaty hair.
Steve didn't contradict Tony. He looked down and stirred the coffee cup in front of him.
The noise of the fight came nearer and nearer.
Now and then Spiddy glanced at Hawkeye sitting nearby, and found that Hawkeye who had seen this scene showed anger in his eye.
"He'll agree if we go together. I can protect you."
"After I received Sikorski's message, I went through some of the documents from the year." Tasha said. "Under the presiding of Cap, the Avengers did sign the peacekeeping charter at the United Nations and get the priority permission. But these special operations only include...'assignable only to cosmic, extraterrestrial, extra-dimensional, occult, subterranean, sub-oceanic menaces, invasions, limited incursions, infestations and enchantments not instigated, abetted or sanctioned by a current member nation’. Obviously, natural disasters are not part of these status."
"Wow, Cap, you've finally come to save us." Spiddy said.
When Steve left the toy shop that night, Krats called Jarvis down.
"Avengers can't hire someone without a degree, Maria Foundation won't pay for it, so it's time for you to Univ task." Tasha patted Tony on the shoulder with mock seriousness. "Your leave has been granted."
"Or 'hook up.'"
"Wait a minute, Mr. Stark..."
The voice of Libra rang through the echoless-space.
"I admit it. I enjoyed it." Bain gave a seductive smile. "His body, as strong as I remembered it, is even better than that."
"You are passionate about him, aren't you?"
"Oh? So let's not talk about Spider-Man or the weather in England. Let's talk about something else..." Tony looked up again and kissed the man he was holding.
"Everything in this shop is amazing. Were they all made by magic?" Paige said.
"You're welcome. I feel sorry for what you've been through these last two days. Do not know which sentence is wrong will ignite the powder keg. He has always looked at me unpleasantly, and I have always avoided him."
"Tony, you're hurting me."
"I'll stay."
"Which day?" Tony said slowly, not really knowing what he had asked, but just following Steve’s words.
The Laugh of Libras confused Tony a little. How does he know who I am? Is he the one who sent the killers after Iron Man? It seems to be quite different from my previous speculation.
Tony told Steve about the plan.
The dazzling red and yellow armor immediately disappeared.
"You appreciate...? Are you kidding? Mr. Stark, When I woke up in this era, I had no one. Nothing. You gave me a purpose, somewhere to belong... You gave me a home..."
The enthusiastic Wanda did not notice that tardy Vision had been watching her for a long time from the door.
"Ah!" He exclaimed. The water pressed against his eardrums, filled his eyes. He was so frightened, he fluttered about like hell. Just when he thought he was going to drown, he was pulled out of the water. He breathed in and out.
"Then do something about it. Can't you hack into that perverse, powerful Forever Crystal? If the data is wrong, fix the data."
"I say so it was a name I feel familiar with. I see. Ah! His ex-wife's name is Meredith Elden. Before they got married, her name was Meredith McCall. She is my girlfriend and my science professor.
"Just ask."
"Luna, you came here."
"Ah-ah..."
Hawkeye's expression was still cold, talkative Spiddy chose to shut his mouth, so that neither of them spoke all the way. The two men in the front didn't pay any attention to what was going on in the back. They were all focused on each other. They exchanged glances and whispered all the way. The contact on the Jet lighted up, Steve turned it on, and the voice of Black Widow came out.
"Why should I object? It makes sense."
"Iron Man was coming?"
"You could have picked so many exteriors, you picked something close to him; of all the names you could have chosen, you chose his name."
"He's not like Whiplash. Whiplash is a human. His whips are powered by his base. But Electro himself is electricity, he has already merged with it." Tony analyzed.
Krats hurried out of Rogers' house.
"Tony... Are you in?" Steve's voice came through the door.
"Hawkeye and Spider-Man."
"Too many super criminals fleeing, but Avengers are understaffed. "Steve said.
"Oh, you're welcome."
This is the Simulation training room at Avengers Mansion, but Avengers call it a "playroom." It was Tony's first time here, and Steve was already waiting inside. Tony with his new backpack, the strap crosses his chest, connects to his chest implant.
"Is it really you? Or am I dreaming?" Steve's voice was skeptical.
It was dawn. Steve looking down at Central Park.
Christmas in Yorkshire Dales, UK.
"Spiddy, Spiddy."
"What?" There was surprise in Tony's voice.
The Avengers aren't home, just Jarvis.
"It looks like I should thank him."
"Peter?" Kris's suspicions grew.
"Good-day Mr. Krats." Said Maria.
"The S.H.I.E.L.D. mission put me in a hurry, and the preparation for doing this is quite complicated."
"Iron man, are you coming here to die? Your shell is the best conductor. I’ll make you into an electric skewer. Ha-ha." Electro roared with laughter.
"A few ideas. Perhaps you'd like to see some of the trinkets I've brought."
"Perhaps you should settle the matter at hand. When you get back, it's daylight, you'll get a lot of gazes, which will be in the papers tomorrow. As much as I'd love to make money to take this picture, but as your good friend Spiderman, I've decided to tell you the truth." Spiddy pretended to listen carefully, but actually he missed the point of all Tony's dramatic worries, so he went around, pointed out the most urgent problem to be solved.
"Dr. Octopus." Peter paused. "Now that you've temporarily severed your ties with Libra, perhaps we can learn something from Dr. Octopus, who has been entrusted with Zodiac."
"Uh? I'm surprised you didn't object. I've been waiting for you to object all day."
"Yes, yes, man out of date. Who added these courses? You can train him if they become required courses, right? Because I really can't figure out why I would want to accept this training actively."
After a while, he sat up straight.
He sat on the shore, his feet sticking out of the dock, watching him swim about.
"I don't understand."
"That's bullshit. You know when to keep it a secret. Such threats should not be announced to the public or the media unless they are met with fire."
"You know what, Pete?"
"You know, you can't hide in a closet all your life." Bucky said.
"No wonder I've been running into you lately, Stark blew in his ears. No offense, but after what happened today, I think you're pretty good. It's just that the thought of that guy setting it up makes me mad. His older version dominated the Avengers for many years. Three Big Head, Thor won't be on Earth for a long time. Nominally a co-founder vote, Wasp and Pym were busy with their own small home, were not permanent staff at all. Steve was the longtime leader of the Avengers; He was an associate. They were interchanging sometimes, actually running the ‘Couple Shop’. As long as he blew in his ears, Steve would probably agree with him. In the end, the Avengers became his private armed team, didn’t we? For his kind of rich man at the top of the world, the Avengers are just a way of showing off his wealth, his charity, and some of his kind heart to ordinary people like us. I'm not surprised by all the bad things he did, because he wasn't such a good guy. Treachery, full of lies, he had them all."
The DfT's internal communications system was vulnerable to Stark Hacker -- Daily Mirror
"Be careful, don't make it break!" Tony shouted.
Well, it's a good thing I had my head in the clouds. Maybe I can make it now.
"How long have you been here?"
Bain walked slowly in front of her in high heels, the Iron Man following her.
"Thank goodness you got me out. Hawkeye was driving me mad." Said Spider-Man.
"Steve, please..."
"Well, well, I'll make one just like it. I'm a mechanic master, not some kind of bike repairer.”
"After we took your base?! Ah, what a coincidence!" Tony retorted.
"I'm sorry to say it became a snowstorm, but at least it's snow, right?"
"Wait a minute, I'm a little familiar with the stuff you're talking about. It does not create parallel universes through time travel... That little gift Doom gave me, a little shard of crystal, was that what it came from? If a single fragment of it is so powerful, then the whole crystal... I can't believe you got this crazy thing that has no limit!"
"It wasn't just the second chance for him. He is a born liar."
“Tony!"Steve next to him chimed in.
"You're standing up for him." Said Spider-Man.
"Once up a time, in a beautiful kingdom, there lived a boy of nineteen years old. His father was a great minister of the king, and his mother was a gentle and gorgeous lady. He was a clever, innocent, kind, carefree life in a castle. One day a shining door appeared in the basement of the castle. A man walked out the door with a bunch of weird people in weird clothes. He didn't know his life was going to change..."
To be continued......
Steve sat down beside Tony, lifted his hand and tried to touch Tony's head. But he paused, dropped it.
"Mine freond, se hof is fylle todage, ne eald mal breahtm. (My friend, the hall is a little cold today, no old feasting noise)." Thor was sitting next to Steve.
"Ah?!" Peter's head was twice as big. "And where is Seth?"
"Doom has been here the whole time." Doom said.
"Kids don't need to know that much." Hawkeye pulled Spider-Man out of the room.
"See you." Tony said.
I'll get her to safety first, Tony thought. He picked her up and flew her out of the burning building. There was an attic in the building opposite. Tony went down through the skylight.
"Obviously you haven't been entirely honest with Tasha."
To be continued...
"I'll try." Said Tony over his shoulder. "Could you tell me the address? Since we are all in a hurry."
"No, I'm not. He's an exception. I've always fancy and been attracted by women. I think he did, too. I mean That-Tony. Bain should have been his old flame. We both have the same taste.”
"That's true. One last question." Tony said.
"Yep, here I am, just in time to save your life. It's a rookie mistake to handle such a dangerous super criminal alone without help, Cap."
A different picture of life flashed through Steve's mind. At the end of the film, he felt a sense of sadness. He looked back. Tony was sitting on a bench 10 meters away, absorbed in a game that had popped up on his watch. The film blurred, the face in front of him became real, a smile appeared in his mouth. Steve turned around. He didn't see Tony put down the game, didn't see the sadness on Tony's face, didn't see Tony was actually watching him.
"Who? What begins?"
"You've been like this for years?"
If it was for you all to have an unearned reputation, there was only one reason. He didn't want to kill me at all. He just wanted to put me in the way, destroyed my confidence, made me back down and gave up my armor.
"Tasha, may I kiss you?"
"What about the thing I handed over to you?"
"Liar, you've always been a liar, Tony."
"We haven't missed anything important, have we?"
"Where's Bucky?”
"I hate you, and I hate me. I mean, I hate myself, too, but mostly I hate you. Don't think you'll get off lightly. Remember? I made you. You were born out of my idea. You were supposed to be perfect, but you were perfect for about five minutes. Look what you've done, what you've done to my best friend, Rebel. It's just you and me, one-on-one, and I'm gonna rip you apart until I figure out what's going on. Either way, you and I are both responsible, and I won't stop until I find out."
The train driver, who saw what was ahead, immediately pulled on his brakes, but the distance was too close and he was about to crash. Iron Man took off, pressed his gauntlets on the locomotive, activated his jet boots, and pushed the train backward. Spider-Man, who had jumped off Iron Man and onto the roof of the train, ran as fast as he could toward the back of the train. He let out his web and held the train on his feet. Ziiiiii... There were sparks on the tracks and the train stopped just in time. The driver of the train wiped off a cold sweat, while the sleeping passengers on the train tumbled to and fro from the emergency brake, not knowing that they had just had a brush with death.
"All right. But you'll hang on a little longer. I promise you I won't delay this time. I'll be worried if I leave you with this villain for too long. I have a theory... Should be able to quickly solve him."
“Yep, you're not as good as Thor when it comes to fashion. And didn't you say the vote would listen to me? That's five to zero."
Tony at 19
Just then, a guard's flashlight hit the thieves.
"Oh, I miss it..." Tony looked into Steve's eyes, there was a long pause, and then he was joking again.
"Vision has just contacted all the heroes who can come to New York for support. Gambit has found the struggling X-Men. Giant Man and Quicksilver have joined the Fantastic Four. They all agree to adopt your plan." Tasha said.
"I'm not complaining, and I'm having cake."
"Tony? What's the matter?"
"I'm just kidding, just kidding. You are so easy." Tony laughed.
Tony could no longer hear Kris. He turned and walked quickly out of the restaurant. So he didn't see the cutback to New York and had no idea what Steve's statement was. But he didn't have to look at it to know that Steve would have taken his big trouble off the list.
"I've been doing good work lately, and Mr. Krats has given me a little prize. That should be enough to buy tickets for both of us. Besides, I've been in the basement too much lately. I want to get some fresh air."
Tony warily walked over to the device and ran the test. Libra is telling the truth. This device is used to adjust the magnetic chaos in this area.
"Probably." Steve hung his head.
"Nothing important. The sun is just rising."
"Ah, nasty fish-man again." Said Spider-Man.
"I hadn't really thought about it. I've never been good at dealing with media things. He used to do all these things, our funding, our equipment, our satellite information, contacting the government and S.H.I.E.L.D., solved our various legal permission and collateral damage issues after battle... I didn't need to worry about all those things in all these years. I just needed to lead the Avengers, kick the bad guy's ass. He did other things, and then kicked the bad guy's ass with me. Now he's gone..." Steve looked up at the pictures on the wall, his mind grew long again.
"Admit it, I haven't opened your door for five days. You've missed me." Tony said.
"There's a secret passage."
Doctor Octopus, as expected. Tony walked over and Steve followed.
When Bucky saw this, he silently turned and went back to the basement. Instead of picking him up from school every day, playing games with him, and telling him stories to put him to bed, Mr. Krats could finally concentrate on his studies to save the world. How nice! It's all thanks to Paige and the magic of First Love.
Tony said, left the dark prison.
A shadow, along with the slick accent, blocked the light from the sunset. The voice... Steve stood up impatiently and threw his arms around the person in front of him. He knocked over the paint, the board, and the brushes.
From above, he looked down, the flames reached the second floor. Thick smoke blocked Tony's view. He raised his gauntlets, started the air swirl, blowing the smoke.
"Elden was terminally ill, had to freeze himself. Remember the Black Circle in New York caused by the Zodiac? Apparently, the facility also lost power, and their backup power supply wasn't enough to support so many popsicles, but Elden seems to have been prepared for such a situation like that. He used the bodies of other popsicles to convert energy into his own chamber, accidentally triggering his own cell mutation and becoming the hell face like this."
"Don't rush in! I'm not sure you're immune to it. So, we have to make an antidote first. The watch you confiscated and the watch on my wrist is a pair. You can directly locate my current position, as long as you turn the small red button on the right side to the left twice, press once, then turn right twice, press a long, and a short, hold down... and the small blue button on the left..."
"So you have to be an asshole when that happens?" Steve said with a smile.
Garth, Professor Elden’s assistant, Level A Contact: Mr. Stark, we need to talk about your attendance and your paper. If you don't want to take science again next semester, you have to hand your paper at the end of this week.
"Captain, how did you get here? Where's the Hawkeye?"
"Think of it as payment for him to look after my shop. And here's my card. If you need any help, please call the number on it."
"So, it can be like this." Peter scratched his head.
"You should tell me when things like this happen." Steve lay on his side looking at Tony, one elbow on his head, and with the other hand he played with the hair on Tony's forehead, which was growing fast over his eyes.
"No," Tony lied. "I was thinking about the armor designs being stolen."
"I was sleeping on the train," said a middle-aged, brown-haired man with a thick Yorkshire accent, lying in his hospital bed. "I had no idea what was happening. The train stopped suddenly and I was thrown straight out. My arm was broken and I couldn’t work for three months." He raised his bandaged arm.
The data showed that the neutralizing still requires a significant amount of energy. What about the rest? Looking around, Tony understood. Central Park was full of weeping couples saying goodbye. Giant Man and Wasp, Quicksilver and Crystal, Mr. Fantastic and Invisible Woman... Tony felt the urge to lift his mask and rub his eyebrows again.
"Look out! "Steve shouted. Pick up Tony and roll away.
Steve was alerted by Giant Man's cries. He ignored the operation panel, rushed to catch Tony's body as it fell in front of him. Not so long ago, the same Tony, 10 years later, had just died in his arms latterly, if this one... Fear thrilled him with the cold in the dark dimension.
Do you think that only lofty ideals can sustain us for so many years? Let us risk our lives to protect the lives of our teammates? Let us make mistakes over and over again, still be forgiven and accepted?
"Tony, you're so..." This time Peter laughed too, and hit Tony several times.
"I think our mainframe should be able to hack into the Columbia database." Tony hurriedly operated the computer, and said as no one was watching.
"Are you going to put this requirement in our agreement?"
"Tony, what are you doing? "Said Steve next to him.
"Go down, all of you. Let me talk to him alone." Bain said.
"I'm sorry, Thor, I was distracted. You were supposed to be the star of today."
“My painting! "He cried, looking back wistfully at the blonde girl standing by the roadside.
"I'll help you." Spider-man helped Steve move the rubble, while Hawkeye stood motionless behind them.
"I know. Leave it to me." Steve replied.
"Tony, if you're still struggling with whether you're him or not, or what do I think of you..."
Tony had to hand over his backpack.
It was a girl wearing a golden mask. She provided assistance in a recent Avengers mission, then moved into the mansion. Her identity and history are a mystery. She is a reserve member of Avengers now.
"We want you to die."
Clint kissed Tasha on the lips, a long kiss, and Tasha did not refuse.
The Vision turned to go after receiving the instruction.
"Very painful, but if you pay me more for the silence, I'll consider forgetting it."
Steve pushed open the door of the Krats Magic Toys as usual. Jarvis stood behind the counter.
"But you haven't cut out other pleasures, have you?" Bain set the champagne and glasses down on the mainframe table and grabbed the Iron Man's neck from behind. Her delicate folded arms appeared in front of Tony's eyes.
Tony opened the door.
Bang! It bumped against the wall.
Before going out, he took another look at himself in the mirror. A meticulously dressed, determined man with a moustache. He pushed open the door and walked out into the deep dusk.
"Do you still remember the little gift I gave you? The little crystal that you used to transform energy. I have pre-loaded some data in it. So in this space, everyone will have new identities and new memories."
At this point, Tony's story will go in two directions with two epilogues: Epilogue 1 will follow the older-version-Tony into the story of "Heroes Rebirth", along the path of 616 Earth history; epilogue 2 will follow the younger-version-Tony into a new parallel universe with no clear direction. I have outlined both lines so far. It's a very, very long story. And how much and how kind can be written by me, actually depends on Tony's wishes, on how far Tony takes me. His Epiphany usually leaves me reworking my routine. I've learned this throughout the writing of Tony 19. I am just his recorder, am I?
"Tony, you are thinking about it again."
"It's not your fault. You didn't know." Steve patted Tony on the shoulder.
"No Bruce, only Hulk." Hulk turned to look at Iron Man. Being stared at such close range by the Hulk sent shivers down Tony's spine.
"That's bad news. In other bad news, now, the other Avengers are in California, Wisconsin, Africa, Atlantic. The nearest are on Long Island. The situation of Giant Man and Wasp is a bit tricky, and can't be solved for a while. Black Widow talked to me with a black face, 'If Captain America and Iron Man can't handle a little Popsicle, they could be off the roster. '
"I need you to surrender now!" Tony repeated!
"I was joking. I know you're tired, dear Old Man. I am coming! Young Genius Iron Man is coming to save you!"
"To be exact, only half of it was caused by me. I'm trying to fix it and protect everybody from it. I mean everybody. That's the difference between you and me."
"1:43:28 in the morning."
With those words, he attacked a guard in a red mask from behind and put his elbow around his neck.
"What's the matter with you all? Am I wearing the Emperor's new clothes today?" Tony joked.
Tennis lesson, 4 o'clock in the afternoon the day before yesterday. Delete directly.
Brooklyn, New York City, 1931.
"So, you've heard this story."
Greeting them with an umbrella and a night light was Kris's brother. He pulled open the door of the carriage. "See which wandering girl finally came home."
But I must calm down. Steve told himself. There's no blood. They just tied them up. Ninjutsu, though ingenious, is not untraceable. Just follow their footprints, I will find him.
"It's complicated." Tony said.
"Yep. I'm feeling blue in my gut."
"In short, you have hacked into Forever Crystal."
Gym, Avengers Mansion, a few days later.
Peter didn't answer. Tony thought Peter was asleep, but Peter was not. He just didn't want to answer. He just didn't want to remind Tony that he had been talking about Cap for an hour. He told him he didn't want to know the details, did he? Why can't he remember?
"I'm ready to go back now."
"Dr. Octopus was a bit stuffy in his single room. I had no trouble getting him to talk. He was on that island on a commission from Zodiac to examine certain minerals." Tony said. "The bad news is that a week after we left the island, a volcanic eruption flooded the mine."
"The Avengers are good people, great heroes, but you know some British are very conservative, they don't like outsiders... So... Is Iron Man in a lot of trouble?" Kris asked.
"How did I get here? Let me guess. You brought me here with the crystal. That's why I didn't lose my memory. It's not that Doom's brainwave coverage has failed. It's that you've taken me out of that universe. I just want to know why."
"Oh? That's interesting. I'm listening." Tony raised his voice.
"I should say I have a good memory. I remember the bodies of all the men I've slept with, and you are so unforgettable. After all, there is only one Tony Stark in the world, isn't it? Don't stop. Don't worry about it. The secret of your identity is safe with me."
"That's it? Seriously, guys, isn't there one of the big surprises? With my perfect plan, we just saved the planet from a bad ass like Onslaught. This is my 20th birthday, which is not easy to come by."
“What is it?" Peter scratched his head. He didn't follow Tony's thoughts, which were always jumping about. "No matter what, I'll just help you."
“I can pay myself. I've got some money in my piggy bank.” Paige said.
"Krats Magic Toys."
After dodging another attack from Electro, Tony told the system, "Concentrate all the energy on Uni-Beam. Fire!"
“Are we best friends from now on, Peter? I mean that if you know my secrets, I know yours. ”
A flush came to Steve's face, and so did Paige. Then they rolled up their sleeves and began to sweep the shelves.
"Tony..."
"I'm going to copy Thor's lines if you don't get it right."
Tony located the armor base according to the phone. By the time he arrived, Zimmer was a corpse. The armors were destroyed, the mainframe was invaded, apparently by intruders who stole the designs.
Handled one and you'll never notice another. It's a trick he used when his teachers confiscated his “toys” in high school. Steve fell for it. Tony thought with delight. All he needs to do is put his hand under his cheek fake to sleep, and their voice could be heard clearly through the watch. In fact, they can't blame him for eavesdropping. After all, he is the subject of the conversation.
"Oh? Tell me what I can do for the famous Iron Man."
Steve didn't move, glancing sideways at the hydrant.
"You know, I just want to be a good neighbor, but those of the world's mightiest heroes invited me again and again. I also refused them again and again. Later, I couldn’t bear to break their hearts again and again. I just hung a name on the list. And why would you fight yourself?!"
"Yeah, almost pierced my heart, caused me to need this thing to sustain my life. Do you remember the name of the person? What is his name? By the way, his name is' Tony Stark'"
Avengers Mission, I'm leaving. -Steve.
Steve felt a strong uneasiness, the uneasiness that he would once again lose Tony forever. He opened the drawer and found the watch. He turned on the locator. There was no indication of Tony's position. He ran out of the room to the mainframe room, located Tony's Avenger ID card, which indicated that Iron Man was located in the Avenger Mansion hangar. Steve sprinted over hopefully, spotted a brand new vintage motorcycle in the spot where Iron Man should have been. His shield was hanging from the motorcycle, and the small dent in it that Tony had broken had been repaired. Tony's ID card was on the seat.
That scene probably never happened. Tony said to himself.
"Tony. This is the path he chose, not the path you chose. You're young, you're in college, and you can go through all kinds of life. Don't let his life be a burden to you."
"It's really unfortunate. So I took your data and talked to Franklin's father. Since you've been harassing his son, I'm sure he has information."
A minute later, Tony put on his helmet, called up the database.
To be continued......
"Everyone in England wears them."
After Kris's figure disappeared around the corner of the stairs, Seth gave Tony another harsh word.
"Will see who's going to cry now!"
"Then let's go out of here."
"Jane, you're tired." Hank said.
When Tony stopped, he felt that Steve's wrist was still pressed by him, but he had no intention of letting go. This position gave him a sense of psychological superiority, a sense of control. It was a good thing he had not given up his armor, or he would never have been able to beat him and keep him down like this. So, he took advantage of this posture, and began to ask.
"Just say, you are too stupid. Recently, Tony Stark has been playing for too long. I am thinking of taking an opportunity to let Iron Man come out to act."
“But anyway, today proves you're being watched. You have to take some fighting training. In this way, you can protect yourself without armor. The one behind Whiplash won't stop.”
“Thank you for saving me, Tony. I passed out in the middle of the fire. I don't remember anything. I woke up here."
"Out! Now!"
"You let Libra go."
"Mine froend, Steve, thou feallan se bet, thou sculan drenc mara. Mine friendas, und alles war irgendwann neulich, Jarvis, folgap mara win.(My friend, Steve, you lost the bet, you should drink more. My friends, it's like the old days again. Jarvis, another round.)"
"I came thirty minutes ago?"
"You know me." Tony said with a smile. "Inventors, geniuses, have some quirks. We need to go missing, lock ourselves up, and make gadgets. So do you want good news or... good news today?"
"It was wonderful, but there's one thing I think you miscalculated. You think you can trap me?"
"Young Master Anthony, are you going to move back?" Jarvis said.
With that, Tony pushed the button on his backpack and flew out as Iron Man. Peter stood at the window and scratched his head as he watched the knight vanish into the night. The task of "make up a story" is too difficult to carry out, Peter is thinking of.
"Here we are again, Iron Man. You can walk right through the front door. I won't turn you away." Bain said with a chuckle.
"Thanks, Iron Man. Fortunately, you are here. "said the policeman.
Everyone was nervous about the captain, but Hulk stopped. A row of arrows had been strung across Hawkeye's bow, pointed at Hulk, ready to shoot.
Tony continued to shout." Is there anyone here?"
"Whatever. Just fight."
As the whole world knows, Captain America doesn't catch a cold.
"Think twice, back to your room. I think we're all tired today." Tony said.
Then a bright light lit up the sea in front of him, and the reflection of the water blinking his eyes. He narrowed his eyes and cocked his head.
Tony 19
After that, Tony asked Tasha to leave.
"We're just two kids, and he's an adult."
He had done this to women before. This was the first time he had done it to a man. It felt completely different. He could feel it swelling, stiffening, filling his mouth. He heard his breathing, and grew heavier. So, he changed the rhythm of his tongue and manipulated his desire. It satisfied Tony's deep desire to conquer, to be able to hold a strong man between his lips and tongue. Just this feeling of conquest stimulated his desire, setting him on fire with more enthusiasm.
"You're welcome, Cap."
"Oh my God, that's great, thank you Captain, thank you. I don't know what to say, I caught you by mistake, and you..."
“I know, Tony, I know all about it.” Steve smiled, held Tony in his arms and kissed him. "So don't dwell on it, just enjoy your birthday."
"Tony, you know I didn't mean that..." Steve said.
"It's me."
"My orders are clear. You must..."
Tony entered the mainframe room smoothly and connected to the mainframe. The calculation was done, and he turned page after page, his mind racing, analyzing... The helmet effectively hid the growing grimness on his face, but the eyes peeking out of it betrayed his rolling thoughts.
"I'm also a techno fan. Recently I've been crazy about DJ Spooky. His new album, Songs of a Dead Dreamer, is amazing. Which of you would like to go to his show this weekend?" Melony's intervention saved Tony.
"SHHH... Believe me, I've solved it. Forget it. I'm tired. If you keep going in captain mode, I am going to keep kissing you. Or do you want me to keep kissing you?"
"I just want to make your life a little easier, Eric." Replied a hairless man in a wheelchair.
"I think everyone likes these songs except you. Just because you're so old-fashioned." Tony said.
At Tony's repeated and cruel prodding, all the present heroes, except the mutants, finally walked into the vortex. Tony looked at the energy gauge... Again, he wanted to open his mask and rub his eyebrows. Since X-Men have to maintain the shield, and the New York City energy barrier caused many of the surrounding heroes to fail to arrive in time, so even if Tony walked in, it wouldn't be enough.
"Tony, after what happened today, I hope you trust your teammates more, trust Avengers more. Sometimes it is easier to tell the truth, is it?" Said Black Widow.
Chapter 12
"Or I'm your plan B."
"After that night, he left early in the morning, he contacted Roddy, and went to rehab. We all tacitly assumed that night had been a mistake, selectively forgetting it. After all, Sharon was my girlfriend; He had many female lovers. He gave up drinking; We went back to our old relationship. Avengers teammates, friends in life.
"Yes, I do. But I hate every morning being called up by Cap to attend the morning meeting."
"I don't need you to tell me." Tasha gave a little smile. "It's just that there are other things I need to do, and I need some alone time. You can also interpret it as a spy who doesn't want to be out in the sun all the time. I have no doubt Tony will bring us back and you will bring us back. So I hope it will be you who will shout out those words, the Avenger's eternal vow, at this special time."
"I'll slide down a little, a bit. Scream when you're in pain." With that, Steve split Tony's buttock.
"Tony! What did you do?!"
"No need." Tony waved his hand.
"Wow, how did you wake up so fast!"
"Seth, I knew you'd hold the door open for me." Back home, Kris began to speak with a local accent.
"Because the world needs Iron Man, and the world needs Tony Stark. This is more important than you and me, Tony. And anyone who chooses to be a superhero is already ready to die for the world." Steve said.
"That is right. Object for objection's sake."
"Cap, White House wants you to come in person at once." Vision said.
Chapter 22
"The reason you pushed me into the bathroom was to come in, just like that day." Tony rested his head on Steve's shoulder as the warm water from the shower dripped over him. "Now I can wait for your next service."
"Nice to meet you, Mr. Krats. Carbonell is a family business. I’ll consider your investment, but I can't accept a takeover."
Tony stood up to hide the tears in his eyes. He put on his backpack, pressed the button and became Iron Man.
"It looks like Avengers really have a survival class. I think I should apply for it." Said the Spider, munching on the chicken.
Just then, the door to the room opened. Tony started and looked warily at the door. Bain.
"If you like, I can give it to you." He tried to sound calm, but his stomach was churning nervously.
"Tony! What did you do?!"
"Oh, I don’t even know that you have an accent." Tony chimed in.
The setting sun dappled the black monument. The memorial is engraved with names. There were many white-haired elderly people in wheelchairs nearby. Steve stood in front of the monument, searching for familiar names, bringing up memories of the era in his mind. He thought about Bucky, he thought about Peggy, he thought about the Invaders, Human Torch, Toro, Namor... And those who fought alongside him, forever drowned in battle, but failed to leave their names on this monument.
"Did you mean me or the former Iron Man?" Tony pointed to his own nose, then leaned forward to search for the air behind Steve. "First of all, I'm sorry to inform you that the former Iron Man has died, Old Tony Stark is dead; and unfortunately, I'm the current Iron Man, and I'm Tony Stark, the only Tony Stark in the world. And the most unfortunate thing is that I cannot fight the so-called 'no-fire war', and I will not apologize for the things I have done right!"
"An apology? Why apologize? Apologize for saving someone's life? Absolutely not." Kris's eyes widened at this.
They didn't talk for the rest of the night, just left Tony's small moans and Steve's gasps. Finally, Tony slept in Steve's arms. As the moon shone through the window, penetrated the darkness of the room, Tony looked defenseless with the childlike look still on his sleeping face. Steve, his mind a little up and down, couldn't sleep. He couldn't help but kiss Tony on the cheek. The movement evidently disturbed Tony's sleep, so that, for a moment, he deliriously turned on his side to the other side of the window. Steve rolled over, hugged him from behind, buried his head in his neck. His hair smelled of his old shampoo. He had actually been living in his room for a long time.
Steve, standing next to Tony, grinned and shook his head.
"And you're right. So Fury, how about I owe you one this time?"
"Yes, I've got it ready for you. You'd better take a quick shower and shave that beard off your chin. That's not going to impress you in front of a jury. It was too late to go by car, so I sent a helicopter. Are you satisfied with these arrangements, Mr. Stark?"
Tricks, eh? Tony lay motionless on the ground.
"Promise me, Peter, that you will read the instructions carefully when you go home, use it correctly, and try not to break it." Tony said.
"Me?"
"I'm sorry, Force Works disbanded." Tasha said.
"Ahem..."
"Sometimes I forget he's an Android. He is becoming more and more like a human being. Mr. Krats is amazing."
"Don't worry, my armor is equipped with a life support system." Tony said. "Now let’s go."
Tony paused.
"Actually, only you can swagger into his room. Voice control, retina control, sequence lock...Every time I walk into..."Steve suddenly paused. After a few seconds, he continued unnaturally.
A dark and high wind night, several black figures, light around the museum roof searchlight, through the skylight of the museum, jumped into the museum. The alarm device around the skylight did not go off."
"You know, good dependable men are difficult to find these days." Peter joked back. "You've been missing for a long time, everyone's been worried about you, and I... I was worried about you."
"Tony Stark and Iron Man are not one and the same. Tony Stark is just a normal human; Iron Man is a superhero. Most of the time I'm just Tony Stark."
"I've thought of that." Tony was a little dismayed at the answer. "But there has to be a space-time medium to transform that energy, and that medium has to be a primordial cosmic matter that transcends the existing multiverse. I think the earth will be destroyed before I can find the proper materials to make such a medium."
Only a sizzling electric current was heard, it seemed that the communication system was down, too.
Tony walked over to Wanda, squatted down in front of her. Wanda, still in her grief, held Vision and wept.
"Peter, I didn't know I had to carry a handkerchief when I met you. What if I don't have my handkerchief today?" Tony was still joking.
"But he's your friend."
"Don't move! Put the painting slowly beside your feet and raise your hands."
"Uh? Not bad?”
Next memo: Check voicemail, priority 5 stars.
Iron Spider-Man climbed to the top of the building, grabbed Tony and cut him short.
"A few hours? A few days?"
"Tsk. Tsk. You little punks, beat up a skinny guy like this, need a gang? Really? No balls, uh?"
I still can't fly, so I still can't catch up with him. Thought Peter.
"As a scientist, I believe only what I can prove. I don't believe in theology, nor in what you call 'philosophy'." Tony said.
The lock sizzled, set off an explosion, sent the door crashing. Stones and dirt fell. The dusty Spider, coughing violently, came out of the dust.
"If Cap and Tony could do it all over again..."
"You are such a small size, want to fight a group of fierce fighting, what the hell are you thinking?” Said the brown-haired boy.
"I hope you haven't set Jarvis's kitchen on fire."
"If you ask me, he should trust the Avengers. They have been his teammates for years and should trust each other."
In fact, if the motorbike is broken or not, I can’t keep up. How can I catch up with him when he is an Iron Man? Steve talked to himself. But I can locate Tony Stark. Thinking that, from the drawer, he took the watch he had confiscated from Tony. He turned the button several times expertly to turn on the locator.
What caught my attention was the remark she made when she woke up. She said, 'It's not Iron Man's fault. He didn't start the fire. 'Kris fainted in the fire, woke up in the hospital. The first reaction of most people would be that it was an accidental fire. How could she blurt out that it was arson? So, she must have sensed something. That was a knee-jerk reaction.
"So, I called for backup while you were busy fighting."
"I'm not on the run. I just want to go back..."
"Yes, of course. Thank you for inviting me." Peter said shyly.
"Thirty minutes ago... I was at... I knew why I was suddenly dizzy. Damn it! You picked a hell of a time! % & # ".
"But I won't stop even if you screamed."
After a long silence, Doom continued, "What if I said, I have a way for you to fix time turbulence without having to go back in time?"
Tony immediately joined Dr. McCoy on his return to New York, correcting a few minor errors in Dr. McCoy's calculations in time to prevent the torrential rains and snowstorms from turning into droughts. They then installed the vapour control devices that they had created, and brought temporary relief to the extreme weather. While other Avengers from Christmas to New Year all across the United States to disaster relief. During this period, Tony and Steve didn’t even pass by. At most, Tony could hear his voice on the team's public channel. Each time Tony recognized it, his heart beat half a beat more, but he had no time to stop and think about it.
“Sharon isn't dead, is she?" Tony asked.
You also realized your mistake, so you want to kill her. First you secretly dazed her, want to let the fire help you solve the problem, caused an accident. And out of all the confusion, Iron Man gets her out first.
Tony jumped up and down on Steve a few more times in protest.
"Tasha, we've found Hawkeye and Spider-Man, solved the magnetic turbulence in the Grand Canyon, on our way back.”
"Hope this can help you." Peter put a data disk in Tony's hand. "I've checked the Avengers database, and there's no record of anything like that. How about you?"
To be continued...
“Tony!" Steve heard the rumble, turned and ran for the hole, Spider-Man grabbed him.
"Am I the only one you think about now?"
Please, God, please grant me this wish. It's my only wish.
"So it's actually my style that makes it easier to deliver lines?"
"Wait a minute, I've been feeling shivering behind my back in Doctor Octopus's lab lately. I always thought the 'ghost' was around. Is that your ghost?"
"Hum... Well, I've got it. Captain America's favor still counts for something. Remember, I'll come and collect it."
“Would you like something to drink?”
You soldered exits of the house, set fire, and caused chaos. But along the way, you made a mistake. Kris noticed you by accident. I guess she might have seen you near an exit just before the fire, but she didn't know what that meant.
"I see, he knew." Tony nodded. Then he turned to Thor. "You knew that too, didn't you? Thor."
"Well... All right." He unbuckled his cravat, unbuttoned his overalls, and his shirt, one by one. He took off his shoes, tucked the socks neatly into them. He put out one foot, probed the water with his toes, then drew it back.
"Tony, you may not be able to go back to the past at this point and put an end to this crisis directly. From what I know about Professor X and my... and Magneto, the monster born of their two dark forces, may well no longer be the creature of the original space-time turbulence energy. Perhaps your plan truly is the most feasible approach." Wanda said.
"Give it to me?" Tony looked surprised.
"So you knew all along?"
He opened his eyes, and a face came into focus...
"Well, I know what you're trying to ask. It's easy for you to guess sometimes. Ha-ha." Libra laughed. "Depends on what you mean by 'the same.' Nothing can ever be completely 'the same.' It's a whole new world. When you wake up, it will be a whole new day... Now go to sleep, go to sleep, Tony. '
Steve didn't move, glancing sideways at the hydrant.
"All right, Doctor Octopus. If you're cooperative enough, I'll talk to S.H.I.E.L.D. about improving your time in prison, perhaps extending the time outdoors, providing a special diet or whatever you want."
"If it weren’t for me to stay, you still don’t know where to cry. "Steve's tone softened when he talked about it. He clicked on Tony's nose. Tony grabbed his finger, held it in his mouth, licked it over and over with his tongue tip, licked the finger joint, and then next...
"Be careful! 10 o 'clock! 5 o 'clock! 8 o 'clock! What do you think?" Steve asked, reminding Tony.
"Uh, I don't think I can be bored in the laboratory for too long."
"I didn't teach you that." Steve next to him chimed in.
"So, will you forgive him?"
“That's it?”
Tony was not dazzled by the green mist. But, why, he had not found the answer yet.
"Peter, If we take a boat, I think New York will be a snowy mountain by the time we get there. Flying back by armor may catch them and dig them out of the snow in time."
"Magic is just technology we don't fully understand." Bucky said.
By nightfall, the temperature in the Canyon was so low, Steve had built a bonfire next to the Quinjet. The crackling of wood burning echoing across the cliffs of the empty Canyon.
"Oh, your old ways! If it weren't for your old ways, we wouldn't be stranded on this island at all. Who confiscated my armor? Who confiscated my ID card? If I hadn’t left a piece of technology you dislike, we'd be cooked into Octopus soup by Dr. Octopus!"
"Ouch! Hush, hush, Peter, I'm not wearing armor, you're crushing me."
"His armor should have a survival support system, as long as we dig this hole..." Steve said as he moved the rubble.
"Then what are we waiting for? Let's go."
"Don't go back yet. Come with me." Kris dragged Tony away without arguing. "Trust me, there are surprises."
"I think I can figure out a way to neutralize his poison, but I don't have anything in my hand right now. Oh! I hate places without technology. Wait, Dr. Octopus’ lab is here. If I can slip in... Even if I can open the prison door, I can't escape all these guards."
"There are no superheroes, only monsters, like Frankenstein or werewolves. I didn't even know there were 'superheroes' in the world until you started talking about them."
Holding a bundle of sticks, Tony walked unpleasantly.
"I think you got me wrong. New York City falls into a dark dimension, and the Grand Canyon's magnetic chaos is not made by the Zodiac." Said Libra.
Steve didn't have an umbrella either, but he certainly wasn't in Tony's poor situation, but he still smiled and said:
"Iron Man... Zzzzz... Offline."
"I saw you waiting for him every day, and he was late every day."
"What else?" Steve didn't buy it.
"Hulk! "Exclaimed everyone.
"Ah, my mask, my identity." The first thing Spider-Man did when he woke up was make sure his mask was still there.
"Tony, look me in the eyes, and tell me you think this is a mistake, you think what happened between us is a mistake."
"It's not that simple." Hawkeye said.
"Geniuses have to show up for classes and hand in papers. God knows how many classes I have missed and how long the papers have been delayed. I don’t even dare to open the memo and voicemail."
"Pete, help!"
The streets of Manhattan.
"It's raining hard and the barn is getting cold. Let's go back. Seth's Christmas Eve dinner should be ready. Try it. I guarantee you'll want it again next Christmas." Kris said.
"Thanks, Wanda. This ornament net is very... gypsy style. Uh? This is a dream catcher. Well, I could definitely have a good dream looking at it..."
New York City, Avengers Mansion, now.
"Yes, you didn't mean it. But after she became a vegetable state, you left her in the hospital. Do you ever think of her?"
But... The kiss ended. The door opened. The moment they separated, Tony could still see the eagerness in Steve's eyes, his eagerness, and his own eagerness reflected in his eyes.
"Thank you. What do you think about the reason we crashed?"
"He's an Android."
Tony rolled his eyes under his helmet, even though he knew Peter couldn't see.
"I didn't necessarily go to art school. Most kids start working after junior high school."
"These happened, so... However, I have decided to take off my armor, resign my position as the Avengers, leave the Avengers Mansion, leave all your sight forever... Maybe I should go back to MIT, to California, or anywhere..."
"Well, if any of you have a problem with this, now is the time to say it." Tony raised his voice.
"Ridiculous! That is the failure of you too, teacher, if your so-called fighting arts can't even beat a few ruffians..."
When Tony said this, the girls brightened up. Tony then took the two girls to the movies, and dropped them off at their dorm. He returned to Empire State University to find Peter. Peter was still in the lab.
Tony lay lazily and contentedly on Steve's chest, tracing the lines of his chest muscles with his fingers. Then he bit it hard, a shallow impression soon disappeared.
"I'm actually curious how you remembered ever being in this space, how you remembered our conversation."
"Believe me, this is not fate, this is a struggle against fate. This time, I will be reborn by your side, and he, you will never meet him. Go to sleep, Tony. When you wake up again, it will be a whole new day."
"He didn't send it in the first place, ah. He got beaten up and his dream girl just stood by and watched."
Tony wanted to contradict Doctor Octopus, but he was holding back. It's never a good idea to provoke him now. Tony needed more information.
"That horse will be crushed under the armor and both of us." Aha, you wish!
Said Tony, second thoughts.
Peter seemed to be the only one left in the empty hall, ready to turn off the music and swing home. At that moment, the golden-mask girl came from a corner.
"You're wondering again, ‘are you him or not?’"
"I can't believe it. He's a robot. It looks just like a real person." Paige said, standing next to Steve.
To be continued......
"You're not the chairman of the Avengers right now, remember? And it’s just the two of us, sort of a private accident."
"Tony, don't do that again." Steve breathed a sigh of relief.
Finally, he couldn't resist opening the only message from the S+ contact. Steve's voice is soft and thick. "A level 5+ tornado broke out in Colorado... I didn't wake you up. You’d better eat something before you rush out."
30 km away, Colorado Riverside.
"Emmm."
"He was so famous. I didn't want to bring too much unnecessary attention in Univ. So, I denied it at first. I'm a distant relative of his, sort of a cousin. There was an accident in my family this year, my parents, they..." Tony paused. The image of his parents being killed by Kang's men came back to him. A surge of anger rose in his heart, but he calmed it down. "They all died in a car accident."
"You're welcome. Some obsolete field medicine recipes." Steve emphasized the word "obsolete."
"It's not very convenient. I have to do a part-time job and graduate studies. And I don't know them very well. I mean, Spider-Man may be familiar with them, but Peter Parker is not. And you didn't move back, did you?"
"And we know at least one thing after this, we can't indulge men too much, inside them all lives a little boy. Most of the time we women are more mature and calmer, know when to make tough rational decisions."
"I thought a monster would jump out."
"Are you free again? That's good news. As a single woman, I always have a lot of trouble going out and out of social situations. I've never found the right man to be my bodyguard, so you should consider this job." Bain leaned close to the Iron Man and put her hands around his neck.
"Captain, can you tell us where the threat is coming from and what it is?"
"Did I beg you?"
"He's a strange uncle with a handlebar."
"He should invite you." Peter said.
He was fast, and in less than a minute, the fire lost its power, grew smaller, leaving only a sprinkling of flame and electromagnetic sparks floating in the air. Some people fainted, but with the incoming air, they constantly woke up. The ambulance and fireman had arrived at this time.
Maybe one day, on this very same square, we might encounter terrorists like Hydras who attack Congress, meet Avengers who stop them. The Golden Knight in armor would pick me up from my wheelchair, roar past the smoke and fire, carry me to a safe place, and then vanish in a flash of red flame.
Tony lifted the gauntlets, raised a shield. The shield counteracts most of the current, but it also gets punched through.
"I'll manage to solve it." Steve said, walked heavily out of the room.
"But Tony is not him now..." Peter defended Tony.
"Don't think of Hulk as an idiot, Tin-Man."
Then the delivery man carried the bouquet through the hospital corridor, and came to the door of room 320.
Then there was a flash of white light and Tony's eyes blurred...
"What do you think now?" Peter asked Tony after listening.
"Tony, did we make it?”
"Yes... It has already crossed the border. Why does that faint rumbling sound still come?" Said Tony, confused.
The streets of New York City were empty in the wee hours of morning. Kris drove Tony in a cabriolet. The night wind ruffled his hair. He felt very comfortable.
Although they are bad guys, they don't attack for no reason. They always have some reasons, such as taking over the earth, taking revenge on society, dominating mankind, seizing wealth and so on. His reason is really confusing." Steve said.
To be continued......
"Tony, just calm down, tell me where you are." Steve already recognized who was on the phone.
"Tony, how long do I have to speak? I'm running out of words."
Tony quickly pretended to be unconscious.
"I'll come with you." Peter came to himself.
When Tony slid back to meet Steve’s eyes, finally, he saw the reserve and restraint disappear in his face. He saw the fire in his eyes, saw the silver lining of his own mouth reflected in his eyes. So, Tony put out his tongue, turned around, licked the lining.
"Steve." Tony shouted.
"So, I was wrong. I shouldn't have mentioned it in the first place. I sometimes forget how much you like to fuss over such details."
“What do you mean?" Steve followed his train of thought, knowing that Tony didn't need his answers, he just needed to listen.
"Not bad, Thor, for the first time I understand what you mean. Let me explain to you the laughing point here, actually..."
"I don't know, 'he' is too widely used as a third-person pronoun."
Meanwhile, you made another mistake. The fake florist called me to pry into Kris' hospital room. It was this call that allowed me to determine when and how you would carry out the plan. I tracked you back, enticed you and trapped you." Tony finished his deduction slowly, smiled triumphantly.
Tony was so unrelenting angry, he fired reports straight to Steve. Steve ducked quickly. The rays damaged the turf, leaving lots of holes. Iron Man was moving fast. The sonar shock wave hit Steve's face. Steve held up his shield to hold it off. Branches of trees were clattering away. The fallen leaves disturbed Steve's view and slowed him down. At the same time, Iron Man swooped down from the sky, hit Steve with an iron fist. Steve raised his shield with both hands. The acceleration of gravity and the power of the jet boots make this attack very powerful. The iron fist hit the shield hard. A loud thud. A hissing spark. The shield was dented a little. Steve backed away from the impact, leaving a trail of scratches on the grass.
"But your analysis of the form of the game is very professional".
"I’m not going to tell him to hit it. You know, he's Hulk, he's uncontrollable. So I'm just going to let him do it and make sure he's in the right position to do his maximum force." Tony replied as he worked on the monitor. "Now, Hawkeye!”
"Paige, let me give it to you, a gift." Steve said.
"Master Rogers won't catch a cold." Yes, as the whole world knows, Captain America doesn't catch a cold.
"In fact, I did not struggle, his is mine, mine is not his, mine is still mine... How to calculate this account is my profit. And what else do you think of me? You are thinking about taking off my clothes, keeping eyes on me, right?" Tony's flirting joke gently dispelled the sadness Steve had been trying to suppress.
