He swallowed hard and eyed the thin man in front of him. "Adam's got nothin' to do with this. He's just a kid. Dick didn't raise him in the life, he doesn't know---"
Dick's smile faded into a sour frown as he turned to face Dean who was staring at him intently, fists balled in his pockets.
Dean drove home in silence trying to make sense of what just happened. He pulled into his garage and shut the car off. Sitting there he tried to calculate how much it would actually cost him to pay for Sam's needs and his own. He looked at his modest apartment, wondering what it would be like to be able to afford something bigger and newer. He patted the steering wheel and smiled.
The Impala rumbled to a stop in the driveway. Dean shut her door gently, running his hand over the hood as he walked by.
Without thinking, Dean stumbled forward and gripped Castiel's shoulders, pulling so his back was arched painfully. "Stop," he barely whispered.
worst thing is he just—” he threw his hands in the air and let them fall against his bare sides, “he just expected me to stay and be his little play thing.” He spat the last few words as he kicked a pile of leaves. “I mean, Max was bad enough. This guy though?” He let out a humorless laugh and tipped his head back.
to be doing? Helping me torture and kill people? Jesus," he ran a hand down his face roughly and hung his head.
After Dean calmed himself down, he rummaged through the fridge trying to figure out what to make for lunch and decided on sandwiches. He made three turkey sandwiches with lettuce and tomato.
“NO!” Castiel shouted and held out his hand. The ground under their feet trembled and the dried herbs hanging from the ceiling shook hard enough to rain down pieces into the men’s hair. Flox, Pital, and Balder huddled close together and whispered comforts to each other.
Dean kicked his boots off and climbed into the bed, sighing as he felt the weight of more blankets lay over him. "Did you see any matches 'round here?"
“Yeah well he isn’t easy to get along with sometimes, either. Been that way since he was a little kid.”
"If you must know," Castiel stood and snuffed out his cigarette, "I've recently met someone. Thank you for your unwanted interest in my personal life, but it isn't necessary."
Castiel shoots up from the counter and stares at Dean, vaguely aware that Charlie is trying hard to cover her grin in a dish cloth. "I--um," Castiel tilted his head and furrowed his brow. "No, I couldn't ask you---it would make you uncomfortable." He turned around and placed an empty tray on the rack before pushing it into the back room. He took a deep breath and gripped the sides of the rack, trying to calm his stupid brain down.
“There wasn’t much else for me to do when I was little so,” Castiel waved a hand towards the bookshelf. Dean sat down on the edge of the bed and watched Cas’ face fall.
"Mamma I'm home!" Gabriel called out, dropping his bags on the floor and holding his arms out to the side.
He groaned as he stood up, heading for the bathroom. Bed sounded heavenly right now but Dean needed to scrub the smell of beer and sweat off his skin. He lumbered his way into the bathroom and turned the handle and letting the water warm up. He sat on the toilet lid in his boxers rubbing his eyes when his phone chimed again.
The hiss of the water filled his ears. Louder and louder, until it hurt his head. He gripped the sides of his head in pain. The ringing in his ears drowned out any other noise.
"Charlie I'm not in---" he tilted his head towards the bathroom as he heard the water shut off. "I have to go. Dean is getting out of the shower."
boss. The word "Godfather" bounced around in Dean's head as he continued looking for the study, but he was pretty sure that was made up for the movies.
Chucks hand felt limply to his side. “Your mother was in shock. She asked Amara why she did it. She said she ‘wanted to see a how her insides worked’. Your mother and I thought it was misplaced curiosity—”
As a lieutenant, Dean was no stranger to battle. He lives with more nightmares than any person should, but he’ll be dammed if he isn’t diving head first into this. Dean is smart. He’s strategic. So when his recon mission revealed the identity of Heavens leader and more importantly, how they were killed, he asked for a meeting with their general.
Dean sat in a kitchen chair with his head tilted back, pinching the bridge of his nose while Castiel held a bag of frozen peas against it. Neither of them spoke, the only sound was the crinkling of the plastic bag. They stole quick glances at each other, Castiel darting his eyes away whenever Dean caught him looking.
Castiel’s eyes shot open. “That’s not necess—” He stopped when Dean slowly waded towards him. He felt the familiars knee knock into his own and a hand on his shoulder gently spin him around.
Dean gasped as Castiel walked up to the far wall, lights illuminating the shelves of guns and knives. Castiel plucked a few smaller ones from their hook and set them on a table nearby.
Dean glared at the old man as he bent down to take off his soaking wet boots. "Think speeding is the least of my worries right now, don't you?"
Digging in his pockets, Castiel pulled out a lighter and lit it for her. "Do you mind?" he asked, patting his thigh.
Bobby walked down the rickety step and sighed before turning to Dean. "Get that tarp over the dining room before the storm rolls in," was all he said before getting in his truck and leaving Dean sitting there baffled.
Dean sighs and pushes away his pastry. "You said your mom is always on you about not havin' someone 'special' in your life. Are we gonna pretend to be, y'know," he clears his throat and lowers his voice, "boyfriends."
Castiel took a step back. "If it's an issue of pay you could always talk to Michelle. She's very generous."
Deans’ hand trembled around the blade as he took a half step closer to the angel, completely eradicating any space between them. He could feel the power pouring off the angel as he washed over his chest and face. It briefly reminded him of the feeling he’d get when his mother would push him high in the tire swing in their backyard or when he’d driven his car too fast. He pushed those thoughts aside and steeled his nerves.
The kid lifted off his stool and squinted out into the street. “Yep,” he said pointing to a red truck. “Right there. Is it cool if I—”
"Shit," he groaned, scratching at his belly before standing. He unlocked his phone and checked his messages.
"Anyway boys, I'm going to try and find my wife. I'm assuming she's somewhere near a bottle of vodka so I'll try to bar first. Come on down when you're finished unpacking and we'll all have a drink while dinner gets started. Gabriel should be here soon." He offered the boys a small wave before shutting the door.
Dean looked into Cas' worried eyes and smiled. He reached out and pulled his friend in close before kissing him sweetly. Castiel sighed into the kiss and reached up to hold the side of Deans neck. Pulling away, Dean kissed the tip of Cas' nose. "It was great. I told you, parents love me," he shrugged.
Castiel groaned quiet enough for only Dean to hear as he was ushered inside. "Lucifer, this is Dean. Dean, my brother Lucifer."
Dean raised his eyebrows and shrugged, taking a drink. “O-oh.” he coughed and patted his chest, “That’s some strong shit, Cas,” he laughed.
Sam held his hands up in defense. "I won't say a word. Just keep it down, alright?" He dodged just in time as a beer bottle was chucked at him.
Dean swallowed hard as his eyes bounced back and forth between the two. "Nobody did. I decided on my own." He speared a potato with his fork and chewed it quickly. He swallowed hard and set his utensil down, pushing his plate away. "I just wanted to talk to him. You guys don't seem to say what you really want to in those meetings," he shrugged and picked up his glass. "I thought I'd give him my two cents. That's all." He took a long drink of his whiskey and shakily set the glass on the table, feeling Michelle's eyes glaring at him.
Reluctantly, Dean pushes open the saloon type doors that lead into the dining room. "Well, fuck," he sighs. He doesn't miss the worried "Am I going to get a commission this week or not?" look that crosses Lisa's face as he surveys the damage. Long story short- the ceiling is on the floor. There's insulation hanging from the shredded pieces of wood that clung to the roof, there's water
“What’s wrong?” He watched as Charlie’s tail flicked sharply back and forth and sniffed the air. “Is it Dean?”
Dean took a deep breath and blew it out, watching as it clouded in front of his face. "Not really? I mean, you must've had your reasons, and frankly it's none of my business. Cas did just fine living with his dad and he grew up to be a great guy. Although," he cleared his throat and looked down at the ice slowly passing under is feet, "he feels like he isn't good enough. For you."
Sam was sitting at the war room table with his arms crossed while Crowley took a sip from his tea cup.
Sam burst into the hut, groggily looking around. “Dean? Dean! You’re awake!” He rushed over to his brother and hugged him tightly.
For a while, Castiel just stared at Dean as he fiddled nervously with his phone before walking over and sitting next to him.
Once everyone finished their dinner, they sat around the coffee table staring intently at the Jenga blocks in front of them.
"Stop talking," Castiel said sharply. He pulled out his phone and walked over to Deans window and opened the blinds a crack. He smashed a button and held the phone up to his ear.
“Wanna make you feel good, Cas,” he breathed out. He watched as goosebumps rose on the witch’s skin and licked them roughly.
"Jesus Christ, Cas," Dean sighed as he lowered himself to the floor. He wanted to kiss the frown off his perfect mouth and tell him how proud of him he was, but
“I know. Dean, please, sit down,” the angel flicked his wrist and straightened Deans chair, pushing it against the back of his knees.
"I think the words you're looking for are 'soul mates'. That's the only way the curse could have been broken. The coven assumed, as did I, that Castiel's wife was his. They cursed Castiel into a life of loneliness in that wretched pool."
Castiel smiled as he leaned in, cupping Dean by the back of the neck and pressed his lips against the other mans.
"Awesome," Dean grinned as he pulled a pair of black sweatpants out of the dresser. "I like your step-dad and Gabe."
Dean rolled his eyes and let his hands fall to the witch’s hips. “Even if it wasn’t for the bond I don’t think I could stay away from you. But if you aren’t comfortable with the touching or the—y’know, other stuff yet, just say the word and I’ll back off.”
"Jesus, oh God, please. Please let me go! I don't even know you people. I swear I won't tell!" he screamed, struggling against his restraints. Castiel looked at Dean and gestured towards the man with a nod of his head. Dean fully turned around in his seat and reared back before punching the man hard in the face, effectively knocking him out.
Pulling his hand back gently, he sighed. "Just getting tired," he lied. "We have to be up early in the morning." He tucked his arm under the blanket as Dean picked up the remote and turned off the TV.
Castiel turned his head in his hand and looked out the window. "Yes, it is," he smiled. He turned to face Dean again and saw that he was looking at him and not out the window. "Are you alright?" He reached a hand out and lightly cupped his friends cheek.
Dean barely slept that night. He thought about messaging Huck back, but he knew he was busy working and apparently taking the hottest fucking picture of the decade. He also wanted to bother Cas purely for something to do, but with the whole porn comment, Dean wasn’t sure he’d be able to keep it in his pants.
Dean stopped in his tracks and smiled. He turned to see Castiel leaning against a sleek black town car, suit jacket still hooked over his shoulder.
"I understand you're upset," Castiel whispered, "and this certainly isn't the way I wanted you to find out about my line of work."
Castiel raised his eyebrows. "Mich, it's your party. Must we do business now?" he asked, blowing smoke out through his nose.
Ellen huffed a laugh and let her hand fall away. She nodded her head towards Chuck and Dean rolled his eyes. She refilled the mans drink and stayed to chat with him for a minute while Dean finished his drink.
Gabriel pressed his lips together and walked over to his brother. “Well that was—educational. You have a familiar, you can shoot fire from your hands. Pretty big day,” he smiled and knocked his shoulder against Castiel’s.
Dean smiled and pushed off the wall. “Seriously, man. You can act. Dancing, flirting, the uh—the kissing. Didn’t know you had it in ya.”
Rowena shook her head. "We'll catch him up when he gets here. I get the feeling he isn't the 'sit around the campfire and listen to ghost stories' type." Dean scoffed and rolled his eyes. Rowena turned to Sam and placed her hand on his. "Years ago, and I mean well over one hundred, I was part of the coven you're currently hunting." She felt Sam tense under her and patted his hand. "Had I known what they were, I never would have joined them. They're cruel, and dangerous. Stuck in the old ways, never caring to evolve or change with the times. I, on the other hand, saw them for what they were--evil. Most covens come together for a single purpose--survival. You---" she shook her head and pulled her hand back, wrapping her fingers around her mug. "You don't know what it's like being what I am," she whispered. "So I had two choices. One- stay with them and travel the world cursing and killing, or two," she smiled at Castiel, "I could teather myself to the good in this world and work with hunters. I met Castiel and his wife and it felt like I found my purpose."
Dean turned towards Castiel with a glare. “How do you know my name. Who are you?! And why the FUCK am I naked?”
"If you'd come downstairs, we'd like to explain to you what she thinks happened to me." Castiel rested his hand on Dean's knee and squeezed it gently.
"Apparently she isn't the only one," Dean mumbled as he sat on the bar stool. He winched and wrinkled his forehead. "I think you broke me."
Castiel led Dean through his house quickly. He tugged on his hand every few steps, making him pick up the pace.
Rowena snorted a laugh and walked over to Eileen. Holding up her hands, she signed. "I'm Rowena. This pig is unfortunately my son, but don't worry, I'm nothing like him. I'm a good witch."
"Stop it," Dean huffed, "I'm tryin' to tell you---," he ran his thumb across the angels cheek and felt him lean into to, "that I'm in love with you."
"Money," he emphasized the syllables as he pointed a sharp finger into his palm. "You know we're rich and you just want a piece. You can't tell me being a
Dean shedded his shirt before looking over at Castiel and damn it. No, he was definitely not ok. Castiel's hair was wild and dripping wet. His tan skin was damp and Dean could see goosebumps rising on his skin. He knelt next to the tub and let his hand dip into the water.
Dean's eyes narrowed as he nodded. "You didn't just drop your number of at the Roadhouse. You talked to my mom didn't you?" He took the offered beer and popped the cap off, taking a long drink.
"Dean. Dean-Dean-Dean," Castiel panted, his head lolled back against the tub. His hips lifted off the bottom of the tub, moaning loudly as he came. Dean leaned forward and kissed the sounds away, chasing his own release as he spilled over Castiel's stomach.
Castiel grinned as he took the offered plate. “Coffee,” he nodded his head towards the cupboard. “I fear if I tried brewing while I was this tired the hut would burn down.” He stood, eating a piece of bacon and walked to the cupboard. He pulled out a canister and rejoined Dean at the fire. The witch pulled a smaller pot of water over and hung it above the fire before spooning out the powdered coffee and adding it.
Castiel walks over to his dresser and pulls out a wad of folded papers. He shoves them into Dean’s chest and motions for him to leave the room.
"I know, Dean," Bobby said with an exasperated sigh. He watched Ellen brush her hands off on her pants before walking over. "What's the verdict?"
Sam glanced to Castiel who slowly rose from his chair. A smile flicked across his mouth before returning his gaze to Rowena. "Something--or someone--tipped them off. They were waiting at Bobby's when we got back."
It was a three story house. White pillars stretched up into a balcony on the top floor, which was covered in ivy. A giant fountain was placed directly in the middle of the circular driveway, water spilling out of a pot being held by a naked man.
"Too fucking old to be sleeping on the damn floor," he grumbled. He turned his head over, lifting his hand to rap his knuckles against the tub. "You up, Cas?" When he didn't get a response, he lifted himself up on his elbows. "Cas?"
It was buzzing with activity. Maids and servants were blockading the doors and windows while others were holding hands in a large circle and praying.
A content hum rumbled in the creatures chest as he curled his tail down and into the water. His eyes bounced around the outside of the house, taking in the repairs Dean was working on.
“It will be,” Castiel defended. “My sister has untold powers. She could wipe us off the face of the earth with a snap of her fingers.”
“And you,” she looked down to Dean. “I suppose I should spare you for freeing me. Come with me. Leave this pathetic excuse of a witch and I’ll give you a life worth being proud of.”
"It's ok," Castiel smiled, leaning down to nuzzle Dean's neck with his nose. "I'm sorry. I suppose we should stop before things get out of hand." He rolled back on his side of the bed and faced Dean. Reaching out, he wiped his thumb over Dean's lower lip. "For what it's worth, you're a wonderful kis---"
Deans throat constricted as his heart pounded in his chest. "But why? Why the hell'd they do that? Was Castiel a bad guy or what?"
Castiel pulled away then, watching Deans chest rapidly rise and fall. He was panting himself, trying to regain his composure. Dean looked over the angels shoulder to see a short blonde man standing there with his arms crossed and smiling.
“Ok, here you go. Come on little one, open up for me,” he cooed. The hawk let its mouth fall open and Castiel smiled, petting it’s feathers gently. “That’s it,” he whispered. He squeezed the dropper into the birds mouth, letting the potion soak into it’s tongue. The bird licked and swallowed, then hung it’s mouth open for more.
"One won't hurt," Bobby grunted as he took a cold bottle out of the cooler. They sat there in silence for a moment, staring out over the field that was Dean's lawn. Bobby took a sip of beer and frowned at the overgrown grass. "So you really haven't heard anything about this place?"
Castiel stepped closer to Dean, pistol held high and steady in his hand. He glanced at Dean, giving him a once over before his eyes lifted back to Alistair. "Let him go."
His phone felt like a boulder in his hand as he sat at the table with Castiel. He typed out a message earlier and had it gripped tight under the table, biding his time. They were eating dinner and talking about the documentary premiering tonight.
Also, I have no idea if there are casinos in Niagara, but my husband came up with it after I asked "What's something a rich, male, sleazeball would have as a job?" I've never read a fic where Lucifer was anything other than a lawyer or something like that. So here, HAVE SOMETHING NEW!!!
But that's the thing. Dean was looking for more than a one night stand. Obviously hooking up most nights was great, but lately he just felt like he wanted
Sam patted his brother on the shoulder and grinned. "It'll be faster with two of us then, huh?" He walked back to the truck and pulled out a large hunter green duffel bag.
Dean blinked slowly and reached up to grab the witch’s hand. “M’fine.” He looked around the room and realized Gabriel, Lucy, and Chuck were standing behind his witch. “What’s with the audience?”
"I told you I had other things to do today," Castiel blushed. There's three, and one of them is just for you."
Dean turned his head, following Castiel's arm. A gasp caught in his throat when he saw Ruby approaching with a knife drawn.
“Exactly, don’t think. Just do.” Dean gripped the witch by his shoulders and pulled him up into a standing position. “Try. For me,” he breathed against the witch’s neck.
"When is the last time you talked to Sam?" Castiel asked without looking back. He pushed open a door that lead down a dark flight of stairs. He reached up and pulled a long string, lighting up the lower half of the room.
Dean is pulled back to the shit storm that is his life and wipes the back of his hand across his forehead. "Yup."
Dean's eyes widened slightly as Castiel continued rubbing his arms, thankful that he was beginning to warm up.
“So, uh…Dean, you can go first,” Sam pointed to the tub full of warm soapy water. “Get in, clean up and then get your pajamas on.”
"Dick? Oh, no-no-no, Dean." Alistair lowered his weapon slowly, dragging it down Dean's jaw and shoving it up in the soft spot under his jaw. "Adam came into Dick's possession when he was just a little thing. Couldn't have been more than a year old." His smile was sharp and foul, his tongue dancing behind his teeth. "You're daddy sure did get around back then," he growled.
Dean wrapped his hand around the witch’s cock and stroked it’s length slowly. He pressed kisses up Castiel’s neck to his ear and bit gently on his earlobe.
"So your men are acting on their own behalf?" Castiel scoffed. "I highly doubt it, unless you employ
Dean clears his throat loudly before taking hold of the bottle and flinging it around in a circle, eyes actively avoiding Castiel.
Castiel fidgeted nervously in his seat, adjusting his tie for the sixth time. "What?" he asked, somewhat annoyed.
Dean huffed and pulled away from Cas, taking the cigarette from between the mans fingers. He lifted it to his lips and took and drag then blew it out his nose.
Merry Christmas, journal. Sam bought me a new trench coat. I didn’t want to tell him, but it makes me feel somewhat sad wearing it. I’m not that angel anymore. Unfortunately, I am just a man now. The bracelet I purchased for Dean made him smile.”
The witch's lower lip jutted out in a fake pout as she placed a hand over her heart. "Aw, you remembered. I'm touched. I never thought I'd see you again." She took a step forward and Castiel stiffened. "Imagine my surprise when a little birdy told me you were parading around on two legs again." Olivette tsked and wagged a finger in Castiel's direction. "I thought we told you to stay put?"
Castiel nodded and ushered Dean to the middle of the shop towards a platform. He held out his hand for Dean to take while he was stepping up onto it, their palms sliding against each others.
With their fingers stretched over each others hearts, Castiel leaned in and kissed Dean, their bodies pressing together. Dean gasped as he felt Castiel's warm skin on his own. He pressed his hand hard on Cas' chest, his eyes pinched shut. Their breaths came in pants between kisses, their hands never moving.
“I uh, I’ve never said it to anyone before, ‘sides family and stuff. But, yeah, Yeah, Cassandra, I think I do.”
Dean pinched his eyes shut and rutted against the table as Castiel worked him open. His free hand white knuckled the desk as Castiel grazed his prostate.
He vaguely registered Castiel work his way up his body, feeling the mans lips graze against his chest and neck. He laid there in complete bliss as Castiel lined himself with Deans' loose hole and pressed inside with a groan. He gripped the back of Deans neck and squeezed lightly.
So that’s how he finds himself sitting in the kitchen, lit only by the moon streaming through the curtains, downing his second glass of whiskey.
"Come on, Dean," Lisa scoffs and bats at his shoulder with the stack of papers. "Last walk through before you sign."
Dean’s blood ran cold. He’d totally forgot they were on a hunt and not just getting dirty on the dance floor.
"Ffffuck," Dean hissed, his eyes turning back to their normal green. "That's it baby. Get it good 'n wet for your tight little hole."
When it's laundry day and he pops in his earbuds, blasting AC/DC while secretly dancing around in his room.
Dean heard a muted gunshot. He eyes widened as he came in Castiel's hand the same time he watched Ruby fall lifelessly to the ground with a bullet hole between her eyes.
Bobby sighed and leaned forward in his chair, resting his arms on his thighs. "Remember how I told you the land was cursed?" Dean nodded weakly, staring at the old man. "Well, Castiel
Castiel's nostrils flared. He let go of Deans hip and quickly unbuckled his belt, shoving his pants down around his thighs. Dean reached between himself and the table to unbutton his pants, letting Castiel rip them down over his ass.
Castiel walked from behind the chair and plucked one out, lighting it with the help of Michelle's matchbook. He took a long drag and blew it out before handing it to Dean. It trembled between his fingers as he sat forward, elbows on his knees.
It made Castiel shiver and tighten his grip on the handle. He pushed the door open to see Dean writhing on the table, straps crossing over his chest and legs. His hands and feet were locked in place with shackles.
Dean groaned loudly as he stood. His breath came in short, jagged puffs as he gripped the witch’s shoulder.
Cassandra shook her head and smiled. “No. We didn’t fight.” She gestured towards the counter. “Can we sit down? I—I need to tell you something.”
"Contractor. Tryin' to get the roof fixed before the rain comes. There's a hole the size of Texas in my dining room." He nods to the back of the store. "You got plywood and shingles out there?"
"Do you honestly think taking Alistair out is the answer? I'm sure he has others working for him, they'll just pick up where he left off after he's taken care of." Castiel frowned as Dean plucked the cigarette from his fingers..
Dean fucked into Castiel's fist as he watched white spurts of come shoot out and float to the surface. "Shit---shit, fuck---" Dean crushed his mouth against Castiel's and moaned, coming when Castiel twisted his hand over the head of his cock.
"S'ok Cas. Kinda like it," he smiled, running his fingertips over the indentation his talon left. Reaching up, Dean pulled Castiel in for a slow, soft kiss, running his thumb gently over his cheek.
Castiel nodded. “That’s it.” He carefully untied the knot and slipped it into his pocket. “I told you, it’s more of a tradition than anything. Were you expecting something else?”
“My ex was deaf. We dated for two years before he moved away. I picked up alot along the way and bought a bunch of books,” he shrugged.
Sam steeled his nerves and balled his fists. Finally, he turned around and faced his brother. He walked behind the bed his brother was strapped to and pushed, heading towards the cage.
"Dean needs to talk to you, Cas. I'm uh---I'm gonna go. To my room. Possibly to pack." Sam narrows his eyes at his brother.
Lisa skirts around the mess and wipes away a clear place on the surprisingly intact marble counter tops and sets her things down. Leaning against the counter, she sighs and stomps her heel on the hardwood floor a few times nervously.
"It's our only shot, Dean," Sam whispered. He shoved his brother into the cage and slammed the door shut. He looked into his brothers black eyes, trying to convince himself that this was the right thing to do.
Charlie stopped and let go of Dean’s hand. “Who is that?” she asked, nodding towards the woman curled protectively around Gabriel.
"You'll grow quite accustomed to the lifestyle I'm sure. Although, it does take some acclimating to."
“Misce casia, hamaemilla, et ocimum in patera post machinim,” the witch mumbled as he sprinkled herbs into a bowl.
A wicked smile spread over Zachariah's face. "Actually, I have a friend who is interested in meeting you---"
Castiel pushed off the door and knelt down in front of Dean, looking him over. His nose was turning a light shade of purple and he couldn't keep his eyes open. He tapped the side of Dean's face lightly. "Dean, hey, Dean. You can't sleep right now. You have to stay awake."
Castiel set his drink down on the bar and raised an eyebrow at Dean. He pushed off the bar and slowly walked towards Dean, hips swaying a little more than they usually do. The lights danced across his face and lit up his eyes that were staring at the man in front of him. He raised his hand slightly, resting it against Dean’s hip and pulled him in close.
He clenched his fists as Dean felt the bonding mark pulse. The witch’s hands began to glow, swirls of orange crept it’s way up his arms to his chest.
Images started flickering in his mind. Visions of his siblings running through the castle, watching as Gabriel successfully brewed his first potion, his mothers face creased with worry as she watched Castiel fail over and over and over again. His fathers disappointed looks. Michael’s laughter as he pushed him to the ground.
Castiel snagged the phone away from Charlie and gave her his best bitch-face before cracking a smile.
Dean nodded and braced himself on the arms of the chairs, lifting himself up shakily. Castiel reached out to help him but had his hand batted away.
“The blue eyed man who hardly leaves his home. He lives in Splitwood Grove I believe,” the merchant pointed towards the path out of town.
“Only if you make something sugary and sickening for Dean. I don’t think I’ve ever seen him eat anything remotely healthy,” he chuckled.
I know, I know. I dropped off the face of the planet. Depression will do that to ya. With a death in the family and having to home school three kids PLUS getting Covid, I had no time or energy to write. I'm not even sure I have either right now, but I decided to pick up my laptop and try.
“Fuck,” the demon screamed, it’s voice echoing throughout the canyon. “I told you I don’t know! God, p-please!! Stop!”
Shaking his head, Dean pushed the drunk witch onto the couch. “I usually sleep in my familiar form anyway. Takes up less room. The floor will be fine.”
Sam looked between the two and shook his head. “Messed up. This is messed up,” he whispered to himself.
"Jesus H Christ, can't you wait a damn minute?" Bobby growled as he opened the door and ushered Dean inside. "Didn't think you'd get here so fast. You better not be speedin' in this kinda weather, boy."
"Bollocks," Crowley sighed. "If I tell you where that absolute menace brother of yours is, I need something in return."
Dean died. He died and floated above his body. He could see himself, eyes wide reading that last text.
"Wouldn't move around too much if I were you, Dean. That's a pretty big slice you got there." Alistair stepped out of the shadows and into the light, slithering up to Dean like a snake. He crouched down in front of Dean and smiled.
Dean scoffed and ducked his head. "What, the creepy florist van won't be there to watch every move I make tonight?"
I'm so excited for this one guys! I had an epiphany late last night. I yelled "Oh my God I get it now!!!" from my bathroom because my brain likes to keep secrets from me when I'm writing.
"Shouldn't we go tonight?" Dean asked, pushing his bowl away with the tip of his finger. "The sooner the better right?"
Castiel pulled his tie off and tossed it on the bed. Dean watched as he silently removed his shoes and suit jacket, feeling small and awkward standing in the doorway.
The merchant sliced Dean off a generous chunk of jerky and skewered it onto a stick. “Five silver pieces,” he said expectantly.
"My parents died when I was a baby," she began. "I was raised by a hunter who taught me everything I know. This," she patted her coat pocket and smiled, "has been in her family for generations. It's old magic. I'm surprised a witch like you hasn't come across it before."
Castiel nodded and frowned at the water. He reached a hand behind his back and held Deans hand for a moment before directing it high on his neck.
---to make sure they're really legs and not just some sick joke his brain is playing. When Castiel gasped against his mouth, Dean pulled away like he'd been shocked.
"Uh, Cassie?" Gabriel said carefully, watching as the man slung another bandolier over his shoulder. "You're kinda starting to look like Rambo, champ. Maybe--"
Dean takes a moment to collect himself. He wipes his cheek with the back of his hand before standing up and heading out of his room.
"Hey," Dean whispered, pulling Castiel in close and wrapping his arms around him, "nothin's gonna happen to you. I won't let it." He ran his hands gently over the creatures back as he trembled against him. "Let's get you into the house, yeah? Bobby and Ellen will be here soon and we'll figure out what to do next."
The room was silent, save for Sam's heavy breathing. His chest heaved as blood dripped from his hands onto the hardwood floors (which absolutely made Dean cringe). He clenched his fists as he glared at Rowena.
Dean grunted and struggled against his restraints. "What the fuck are we doing back here? And where is Cas?"
"Dean," he sighed, "some people were born to be doctors. Some were born to be musicians. You," he squeezed Dean's hands and looked into his eyes, "you were born to this. The Winchester name strikes fear in the hearts of our enemies.
He made his way into the changing room on shaky legs and undressed in a fog. Castiel was going to join him. In the bath. Presumably naked.
Dean swallowed hard as he looked into his friends eyes. His heart sped up as Castiel tapped his chin twice. "N---Yes, I mean."
Sam bit his lip and glanced at Dean. “Uh, yeah,” he muttered, rubbing the back of his neck nervously. “Didn’t think he’d really need all that old stuff now, ya know?”
Dean snorted a laugh. “Right. ‘Hey Amara, I know you’ve been locked up and neglected your whole life, but hey, let’s talk about not killing your family’ isn’t something she’s gonna go for.”
Dean smothered Castiel in a bear hug, rubbing his head against his chest. “But you sound like you need cuddles,” Dean laughed against the other mans skin.
"I wouldn't do that if I were you," he growled, reaching down and grabbing the mans gun and tossing it into a nearby dumpster. Castiel jogged up to see Dean holding the man down and smiled briefly.
“I worked for what I have. It wasn’t just handed to me.” The witch grabbed the bottle, forgoing his empty glass, and took a sloppy drink from it. “I try. I try and try to be a good witch, Dean. It’s hard. That’s why I left the castle. I didn’t—I never felt good enough. Michael was always so helpful in reminding me what a failure I was. I didn’t want to taint the Novak name, so I left.”
Castiel backed up slightly, ready to skate away in a moments notice. Dean reached out to grab his friend but he backed away quickly, losing his balance in the process. Dean's eyes widened as he saw Cas' hand fly out and grab his jacket, pulling him down into the snow. Dean landed on top of Castiel just off the rink in a snow bank. Their foreheads knocked together lightly as Castiel grunted when they hit the snow.
. He's dangerous! You can't tell me that you--you're not telling me you want to go back right? Because that's not happenin'."
Castiel bit back a smile and nodded, wrapping Dean tight in the blanket before retreating to the kitchen. He rifled through the cupboards and the non-working fridge before returning to Dean with a granola bar and half a bottle of water. Dean groaned and rested his head back on the chair.
“I have to idea where you and Dean go when you flutter off. You can’t be taking my brother to who-the-hell-knows where.”
“You don’t understand, son. She scared off or killed any teacher we brought in. You remember Sir Crowley of Near Garden, the most powerful witch in the state? He’s buried in the woods behind the castle.” Chuck shook his head and sat in a chair next to the table. “She was too powerful and unwilling to reign in her powers. Your mother and I did what we had to do. For everyone’s safety.”
Dean runs a hand roughly down his face and stares at his reflection in the murky water and mutters something about killing his brother.
Dean watched the witch bat his eyelashes. “No shit!” He scooted closer and looked into the witch’s once blue eyes. “They’re the same color as mine now!” He took Castiel’s chin between his thumb and pointer finger and rolled his head from side to side, examining them. “That’s fucking cool, Cas. Can you change your hair and everything, too?”
There, covering Dean's hand, were the tiny scales that used to be on Castiel's face, solid black and dull.
"Dean!" he yelled, his legs sluggishly taking him back through his tracks. He hooked an arm around Dean's waist and hauled the man to his feet, dragging his dead weight towards the camp.
Castiel stopped in his tracks. "Let him go and we can talk. He has nothing to do with any of this." His finger twitched on the trigger.
“What dream?” Dean asks as he innocently. “Ohhh, that’s right.” He points his beer bottle at Cas and lowers his head, staring at Cas through his lashes. “The one where you were gettin’ your dick suck—”
"Such a disgrace. A man like you should be drenched in the finest silk and buttoned up in a form fitting jacket," he winked.
Dean spun on his heel and reached for his gun, remembering too late that it was on the bed under his suit. "The fuck you think you're doing in my house, Alistair?" Dean hissed.
The witch frowned. “Yes, I felt it too. I apologize. Father needed to speak with me and I assumed it would be in the throne room.”
"Cas, stop." Dean pulled his friends hands in his lap. "It's fine, she hasn't said anything bad to you or me since we've been here, maybe she's changed?" Castiel huffed and squeezed Dean's hand. "'sides, if she's a bitch I'll just trip her." Dean smiled wide and kissed Cas' cheek, something he'd gotten very fond of doing in the past two days.
Dean looked down at the car then back up to Castiel. He pointed at the battery with a shrug. "This'll last you at least 5 years. You won't have to change it---," Dean watched as Castiel's face dropped, realizing what Cas was asking. "Oh. Oh yeah, no problem. Uh, here," Dean handed Castiel a small wrench and gestured towards the car with his head. They both ducked under the hood shoulders touching. "So this," Dean pointed with a gloved finger, "is where it attaches. You gotta make sure the positive and negative cables match up. That's the most important part." He glanced over to Castiel who nodded along. "Use the wrench to tighten here and here," Dean pointed to the posts on the battery. Their hands brushed together as Castiel reached in and tightened the bolts. Dean swallowed hard, wishing in the back of his mind that he felt his gloves at home.
"Never---never get tired of this," he hissed through clenched teeth. "Watching every ounce of innocence slip away," he thrusted harder. Castiel gripped Dean's hips and pounded into him, reveling in the sounds Dean was making. "I love it.
was keeping me from rising in the ranks. Dick wouldn't dare look in her direction, let alone go above her head. But now," Alistair hissed as he stepped up nose to nose with Dean, gun shaking in his hand, "he doesn't have a say. That pathetic excuse of a man is in little, itty-bitty pieces and tossed over the side of a ship by now. His little bitch of a son is next."
The crow cawed so loud every time Dean got close to the pool. It raised holy hell when he brought in the sump pump and tried to drain the pool. This little redheaded witch was there through it all.
“I’ve been here for a long time. A very long time. But nothing in this universe is more important to me than you are.” He furrowed his brow, holding Deans hand tighter. “I’m certain that I was put in this world to be with you, Dean. Nothing in my life has made me happier. I’ve misjudged situations countless times and made more mistakes than I care to admit,” his eyes watered as he stepped in close to Dean, personal space long gone. “but somehow, you always seem to fix it. Fix me. You make me, a flightless broken angel, feel like I’m worth something. You took me in. You were patient.”
“He really isn’t into me,” he whispered. He scrolled back to the conversations about Huck’s irritating roommate and frowned. “Yeah, definitely not into me.” Just then his phone vibrated.
He felt Dean squeeze his hands before he returned it to the steering wheel. "Yeah well, I've never seen anything bad in you, Cas."
Dean thought to himself as he pinched his eyes shut. He traced the curve of Cas' shoulder blades and felt his friend shiver underneath him.
"I know," Sam sighed sitting down in a chair at the war room table, "I know, Bobby. Call me if you hear anything."
"It's the only way. At least for now, until we figure something else out," Sam sighed, running a hand through his hair.
"You're serious. $10,000 a month to, what? Be your arm candy at fancy events? Make you look good for the boss and---"
want to find him. He came to me after he changed. Waltzed right into my dungeon with black eyes and a smile on his face." He picked up his cup with shaking hands and took a sip. "Said he wanted to have a little fun and was asking where the angel was."
"Bobby! Ellen! Open up!" He pulls the collar of his jacket up to protect against the wind and rain as he waits, shifting from foot to foot. "Bob---"
There was a time Dean couldn't even imagine owning a house. It seemed too far fetched even for him. Sure, Baby was comfortable enough for a few nights in between motels, but she didn't have running water or indoor pluming (when you're pushing forty and single it's kind of a necessity).
The next morning Dean peeled himself out of bed and padded towards the kitchen in desperate need of coffee. The sound of dishes clattering and water running made his head throb.
Castiel wrapped an arm around Sam, giving him a quick hug. "Thank you, Sam. I think I might go 'rest'."
his family. You're the monster, you evil fucking bitch." He glanced to Bobby and held his hand out. As soon as the cool metal touched his hand, he gripped the gun tight and held it firm under Olivette's chin. "I moved here to start a life. Picked this place out of a random newspaper, packed my shit and left without a thought. I walked through those pool house doors even though they were warded to the teeth. I found him," Dean whispered, voice wavering. "I found him all alone in that prison you made, an'
Gabriel sighed and got to his feet, dragging a pillow up with him. “Sit down and cover up, Dean. We all need to talk.” He tossed the pillow in Dean’s direction and motioned towards the couch.
Dean huffed and shook his head. “Yeah,” he stood and rolled his shoulders, “pretty sure he does. Been goin’ at this for ten years.”
Dean shook his head and slammed the hood down. He looked across the street and saw Castiel through his shops window. He was smiling brightly as he handed a woman and her little girl a box over the counter. He watched as Castiel waved them goodbye as they left the shop. He realized he was staring when Cas' hand came up higher, waving at Dean. He lifted his hand in response before turning his attention back to the car.
"Essentially, yes. But I hate that term," Castiel waved a hand in the air. "Think of it as a business agreement. You help me---"
Nodding, Dean wiped his hands on his thighs. "I uh, I know---" he looked up at both of them. "You're my parents, there's no two ways about it. You raised me, but, I just wanna know. Were they soulmates?"
“Seriously?” Dean punched his brother in the arm. “No! It’s not like that. We barely even know each other!” He glanced to Castiel again and smiled when the witch looked back at him. He licked his lips and looked to Charlie with a raised eyebrow. “He sneak out to meet with Gabriel yet?”
Thirty sexually frustrating minutes later, they were on the road. Castiel filled Dean in on the important aspects of his siblings and his mother.
Castiel stood in the decimated kitchen with fear in his eyes. Dean vaguely felt his phone vibrate in his pocket but couldn't make his hands cooperate. His eyes slowly slide over to Castiel who was standing eerily still like a marble statue. His jaw tense, fists clenched so hard his knuckles turned white with tears welling in the corner of his eyes.
“Thank you, yes I will take some. Do you also have Valerian root?” Castiel rummaged around in the glass bowls while Gabriel tapped his foot impatiently.
Gabriel picked at a loose thread on a pillow. “Of course I did. She slithered up to me when I was looking for fennel in the woods. At first, she scared the hell out of me,” he chuckled. “But then this—this overpowering feeling of comfort surrounded me and I knew. I reached down and she coiled up my arm and hung herself over my shoulders and that was that,” he shrugged. “But Cassie, what happened today—I’ve never heard of power manifesting like that. Dad isn’t even able to do that and he’s one of the most powerful witches that ever lived.”
The woman walked out of the cell and ran her hands down her head and body. The mud and dirt disappeared as her hair smoothed out and shined in the light of a torch. Her once tattered and ripped frock turned into and elegant, sparkling dress as it swished up to the familiar. She reached out and ran a sharp fingernail through his feathers and smiled.
Dean pulls him close enough that he can practically taste the beer on Cas’ mouth. He runs his nose down Cas’ cheek to his neck and inhales the sweet smell of his best friend. “Cas, can I kiss you?” he whispers into the crook of his neck.
He hopped out of his bed and opened his door, heading for the kitchen. He was prepared to pop open a nice, cold beer. He was prepared for it to quench his thirst. Prepared for it to cool down his flushed skin.
"Did...is it---" Dean stammered, keeping his hand pressed against Cas' chest. He felt Castiel slowly and carefully remove his hand. The room was too quiet and Dean started to panic. "Cas," he whispered, his voice trembling.
you. He's not a thing and I swear to God, Sammy, if you call him that one more time---" he took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "He said I could tell you everything, so I'm gonna. Si'down."
Nothing. He shook his head and pushed off whatever he was sitting on. Soft, cold dirt welled up between his toes as he crept across the hut.
"You should'a seen him try to pull out of the driveway," Sam muttered into his glass. He took a long sip and grinned. "Looked like he was leavin'---"
Dean woke with a crick in his neck. His leg was asleep and he was facing away from the tub, a pale yellow wall staring back at him. He groaned and rolled onto his back, feeling it pop against the hardwood floor.
"Yeah, I know your name now," Dean grinned. "I like it. S'nice." Dean watched Castiel slink forward and grip the edge of the pool with his talons. "They uh, also told me that there isn't anything they can do for all this," he waved a hand towards the tail lapping in the water, "but I gotta say, Cas, I'm diggin' it."
Castiel chuckled into the kiss. "If this is the kind of homecoming I get, I don't really see the incentive of taking you with me."
"I dunno," Dean shrugged. "I mean, it's still a lot to take in. It's hard to replace the feelings I had for my dad with new information." He let his hand fall from Cas' hip as he walked over and sat on the edge of the bed. "I guess I'm just glad it was me and not Sam. He's not---he isn't cut out for this." He ran a hand down his face and let it slap against his thigh. A pained look washed over his face as he cocked his head. "Is it," Dean sighed hard and hung his head. "Cas, it feels right. Like this is what I'm supposed to be doing. Is that bad?" He looked up at Castiel who was trying to keep a straight face but failed. He grinned as he walked forward and knelt in front of Dean. He picked up Deans hands and kissed his knuckles before nuzzling into his palm.
“Sammy, I swear. It’s like—,” Dean drifted off, smiling like an idiot. He took a deep breath and sat back in his chair. “I honestly think I’m in love.”
" he groaned loudly as he came inside Dean, pumping him full. He pulled out, much to Dean's dismay, and tapped on his hips, signalling him to stand.
Dean snorted and continued shuffling through the papers. There was a photo of a charred building with the Impala parked in the alley beside it.
"Am I correct in assuming we've gotten our panties out of a twist?" Rowena asked as she drank the last of her tea.
“Ok, but Castiel? I don’t think you’re going to need to use half of this,” Charlie gestured towards the table. “She’s not going to let you toss a few bottles in her direction and wait to see what happens. And—you’re going to have to get really close to her. I just—” she looked to her witch for help.
Cassandra would come over most nights now, spending time with the brothers. Sam had never seen Dean so happy. They cuddled on the couch and tossed popcorn at each other while watching old western movies. Things got heated when Cassandra said John Wayne wouldn’t stand a chance against Billy the Kid, but Dean quickly conceded when Cassandra full on pouted and pretended to be upset. Dean pulled her into his arms and apologized while kissing her tenderly on the forehead.
"I, uh---," Castiel cleared his throat and burrowed deeper into the blankets. "Yes. I'm getting warmer." Heat spread through his chest and settled deep inside him, thankful he was facing away from Dean. "Are you?"
Dean’s eyes widened and there was little hiding the erection that was forming in his gym shorts. He turned around quickly and headed for his bedroom.
Dean pursed his lips and flopped his hands in the air, letting them fall to his sides with a slap. "Oh yeah, it's super fucking funny ain't it? I finish workin' on my roof just to find a fuckin' what? Mermaid in my pool? Yeah cuz that's down right hilarious isn't it?"
Castiel leaned his back against the headrest. "He's been skimming off the top of the product he sells."
"Cas," Dean whispered, thrusting his hips lightly as he gently cupped Castiel's cock through his boxers.
Bobby huffed in his seat and picked his paper back up, shaking it out. "I didn't get a kiss," he mumbled under his breath. Ellen chuckled and leaned over and cupped his cheek, placing their marks together as she kissed him.
The fire popped loudly, making the men jump. Dean chuckled and turned his attention back to stirring the pot. “Our brothers seem to think you were able to make it because I was here, not to mention I was feeling sick.” He tapped the spoon on the side of the pot and laid it down, his eyebrows pulling together. “How did you know I was afraid of flying?” he asked in a quiet voice.
normal situation would do. Ever so slowly he began raising his left hand until his fingers were spread, palm out, in front of his chest. He swallowed thickly and opened his mouth.
Dean sauntered down the bunkers stairs with a wicked grin on his face. Castiel walked closely behind him, staring at Sam with worried eyes.
"Dean," Castiel tugged him back by his hand. He closed his eyes and sighed. "Please be careful." He turned his wrist over and glanced at his watch. "I have a
"Michelle," he purred, "if you think I'd have anything to do with this you're mistaken." He turned his gaze to Dean. "Why are you here?"
"Yes," Castiel squeezed Dean's hand lightly. "But with you--," he sighed and ran a hand through his hair, making his bedhead even worse, "I just--I thought you might---I'm sorry if--"
Castiel set the book down and stood from his chair. He walked over to the fireplace and held out a hand. A thin line of orange flames shot out from his palm and lit the tinder on fire.
A noise from the den caught his attention. He scowled and crept slowly towards the doorway, pressing an ear up to the cool wood.
Castiel's mind was flooded with images of his sister being seared into the ground, the rain pouring down on them as he held Dean's face, then nothing.
Dean smirked and his eyes flashed black. Castiel came instantly, pushing himself down hard on Dean's cock.
Chuck clapped his hands together. “Alright then, let’s get started.” He nodded towards the band in the corner and they ceased playing.
"She spoke to you?" Castiel hauled Dean upright, hands gripping the collar of his suit jacket. "What did she say?"
," Dean hissed. He pulled out quickly and Castiel snapped his aching jaw shut, sighing in relief. Dean gripped his cock hard against the blade, stroking them both in one hand. Dean inhaled sharply when he felt the blade slice the side of his cock. Taking a handful of the angels hair, he jerked Castiels head back and came across his lips with a moan. "Open," he demanded.
“More complicated then gettin’ our asses handed to us every day ‘n night?” Benny reached up and snapped the branch off and tossed it to the side. “Come on cher, fess up. You got it bad for the angel.” He held his hand up in defense as Dean turned to glare at him. “It’s obvious, Dean. You ain’t exactly subtle. Goin’ ‘round here yellin’ at anyone who’ll listen ‘Where’s the angel?’ and choppin’ their heads off when you don’t get the answer ya want? Look, I get it. Killin’ is necessary down here but, buddy, you’re goin’ straight up feral lookin’ for the guy.”
Dean shook his head and took a long pull of his beer. "Nope. Just looked like a good place to put down roots. What's wrong with it besides the obvious? Cuz I gotta say, gettin' the third degree from you and your wife, who's scary as shit by the way, is kinda making me regret the decision." He leaned back on his elbows and watched Bobby's face contort.
Bobby arrived a while later and got the short version of the story. With his hands on his hips and his lips pursed, all he had to say was "Great. Can we plan the weddin' after we get my wife back?"
“Must be weird coming back,” Dean muttered as he ran his fingers through the thick fur of what used to be a deer.
"Ready?" Castiel's eyes shot up, watching as Dean leaned into the car, rain dripping down his cheeks. "Room 7, man. Let's go."
Castiel stopped fidgeting with his coat and dropped his hand, letting the demon intertwine their fingers. He hung his head and nodded.
Sam’s eyes never left Dean even as he was sipping his tea. Dean was still sleeping and Castiel held him close, constantly whispering to him.
"He was fine and then the next second," Sam shifted Dean in his arms and huffed, "then he passed out."
“Fuck it,” he said, slamming the refrigerator. He walked across the apartment and banged on his roommates door. “Cas! There’s nothin’ to eat here. I’m gonna order a pizza, what kind do you want?”
“Hmph,” Dean smirked. Cas had a diary which, for some reason, Dean found adorable. He tucked it back into place and padded out towards the laundry room.
He'd known for years that he was in love with Dean but didn’t tell him for obvious reasons. Dean was the typical high school student- averaged a C-, just enough to keep him the quarterback of the football team, had every girl in the school throwing themselves at him, and to top off the delicious cliche sunday, he had a gay best friend.
Eileen frowned and reached over, placing her hand on Sam's. "It's the right thing to do," she said, looking at the witch. "Dean is out of control. He's
Dean released his grip on Castiel's arm and apologized when he saw the red hand print rising on his skin. He turned to his brother who was wiping hair out of his eyes and looked down at his hand.
Castiel turned around, pulling his hand away as he looked down on Dean with tears in his eyes. “You’re just scared, Dean. Scared to be without your healer.”
“Listen here,” he growled, pointing at the cage, “It’s 3 am and I need to fucking sleep. If you don’t shut the hell up I’m gonna grab the Colt and—”
Dean reached a hand back and squeezed Castiel's thigh lightly, panting as they both came down from the highs. He winced as he felt Castiel slip out of him, only to smile when Castiel peppered his back with soft kisses.
"What're you---Oh. Oh Gods." Gabriel stood, staring at Dean hanging limply in Sam's arms then back to his shaking brother.
“Everyone is so excited to meet you, Dean,” Charlie said as she hugged him around his neck. “Good to see you again, Castiel.”
The woman scoffed lightly and pushed the door open, wiping her hands on her emerald gown as she frowned. "You've really let this place go to hell. I thought you were supposed to be fixing the property, not living in squalor? Dean, be a dear and put the tea on."
"The things---," Crowley ran a hand through his hair. It was unnerving to see him this upset. "Sam, the things he's done---you can't imagine. You don't
Dean drove slowly down the gravel driveway, taking in his surroundings. There were artfully sculpted hedges on either side of the lane with red flowers planted at the base. He whistled under his breath when he made it to the house.
Dean kissed up Cas' body and laid next to him with a smile. "So, I gotta ask," Dean asked in a gravely voice, nuzzling against Cas' shoulder, "we still going to pretend this is practice or are we gonna talk about the elephant in the room?" He kissed his friends shoulder and up his neck, feeling Castiel lean in to rest his head against Dean's.
His arms lost feeling a long time ago. Whenever Dean left the room he'd pull and yank as had as he could to loosen the brackets on the wall. He's pretty sure he broke his vessels wrist on day three by pulling on his cuffs so hard, unable to heal himself thanks to the sigils scratched into them.
Castiel nodded. “I did for a while. Seems as though your prayer broke through whatever was blocking my powers.”
He religiously cleaned the apartment, washing and folding the towels how Castiel liked. He even spent a few nights in Cas’ old room just to be near him.
Bobby leaned back in his chair and rested his hands on his stomach. "Last we heard, they were in the East part of town. Took out a few of Rufus' livestock. He tried to get a handle on em but they disappeared into the woods. That was last night, so I'm thinkin' they're holed up in there for now."
Dean picked up his tray and brought it back to his table, clearing it up a bit to give Castiel some space to sit. If Castiel’s seat ended up being too close to Dean because of a suspicious lack of space on the table, that was no one’s business.
That elicited a laugh from the blue eyed man, and he replied, “Castiel. My name is Castiel. You can call me Cas, but I do rather like the sound of ‘Mr. Greek God whose dick I want in my ass tonight’ as well. It does seem quite appropriate.”
“Yeah dipshit, I know you ‘zoned out’ and ‘got lost in your own mind’ and were ‘thinking’. I’ve been sitting here for the past god-only-knows-how-many minutes, trying to get your attention while you were lost in Dean-land thinking about your definitely-not-a-crush-only-a-friend Cas. Now what were you thinking that’s so important that you made your queen look like an idiot by zoning out? I’m sure I’m not all that boring, am I?” she teased him with a smirk. Almost as if she knew exactly what Dean was thinking. But she didn’t know it, right? Sure she had her doubts but even Dean didn’t know he was in love with Cas until a few minutes ago, how could she know?
“Cas. Nice to meet you. Would you like to dance with me?” Dean smiled charmingly, and who was Cas to say no to a smile like that?
Soon, however, when Cas slipped his tongue into Dean’s mouth, those thoughts went out of the window. Cas kissed Dean with a desperation that had been locked up in a corner of his mind for too long, and Dean returned the kisses with equal passion. Dean laid back and pulled Cas on top of him, never once breaking their kiss. He cupped Cas’ neck with one hand while the other hand explored his body. His breath stuttered when Cas began to grind their hips together. Summoning all the willpower he had, Dean held Cas’ hips tight, bringing them to a stop.
After being friends with the guy since for fucking ever, Dean never would have thought that he would get a crush on his best friend. Or that he would ever realise that he had a crush on him. Nor did he ever think he would have a gay panic attack in his early twenties. But well, apparently life had other ideas for him and all of that did happen and when it did, he didn't have his best friend to fall back on. Because his best friend was in the hospital because of him, fighting for his life.
Every day after school, Cas would come over to the hospital to spend time with his daughter. He would sit by her bed and listen to her talk about all the new friends she made and all the gossip that a five year old could care about. Sometimes other parents would sit with Claire while Cas went to get some food and other times Cas would sit with other kids too. It was a huge family and families looked after their own.
Cas fake gags at Dean’s double bacon cheeseburger, while Dean makes a face at Cas’ chicken salad with extra mayo. “You know who eats mayo, Cas? Douchebags.” he teases.
Exhausted, Cas fell over Dean, both of them sweaty and breathing hard, dirty with the come that had spilled over Dean. Blindly, Dean looked for something, anything, to clean them up. The first thing that he grabbed were his panties, so he used them to wipe off the come and lube. He tied up the condom and threw it somewhere vaguely on the floor. Both of them fell asleep in each other’s arms.
The movie turned out to be more hilarious than it was scary. The hall was pretty empty and Gabe kept them entertained by his constant commentary about the movie. Sam tried to scare them by jumping at random moments throughout the movie, which did end up scaring Cas most of the time, making him a constant source of amusement between the friends. Ever so often, Sam or Gabe would point out the obvious intimacy of the situation when Cas held on to Dean’s arm when he got scared, causing Cas to blush uncomfortably and move away. Dean always felt the loss of his friend’s body near him but didn’t say anything, knowing that it would only make the teasing worse. He did however put his hand on Cas’ and squeezed, silently telling him it was alright to hold on to him if he got scared.
I'm back! This chapter, like all the others, is unbeta'ed so please let me know if there are any mistakes.
that enhance his chest. And if that wasn’t enough, he is wearing a blue tie that matches the color of his eyes perfectly. If not for his brother and son being in the same room as them, Dean was sure all the blood in his body would have headed towards his dick, and the party would have turned X rated very quickly.
Dean is confused for all of half a second before realization hits him and he glares at Charlie. Dean and Cas look at each other with blank faces as Claire continues,
He talked to Dr. Barnes who was a paediatrician in the same hospital. She told him about a child with possible leukaemia, whose file she was sending over for him to look at. From what he saw, he was sure that the poor girl had some sort of Cancer but he wanted to be sure so he called the father to set up an appointment for later that day.
With a sigh, he closed his drawer and went to the closet to get out his go to outfit whenever he went to a bar to pick someone up – a faded green Henley that fit him snug enough to look good, but not so tight as to be obscene, paired with a faded black jeans that hugged his ass and thighs, but left enough space for his balls to sit comfortably. He contemplated going commando but didn’t want to risk the zipper getting caught in his junk in the moment, and rather than wearing a pair of boxer briefs, he opted for a pair of jade colored satin panties. With his outfit taken care of, Dean went to the bathroom to take a shower and wash himself off, maybe even open himself up, so that less time was wasted when he found someone to hook up with.
Do any of you have any idea how much willpower it took to not upload as soon as I finished writing that chapter? Hint: A FUCKING LOT.
‘Oh come on, Dean, you’re just in a good mood, happy that your childhood best friend is getting some, that doesn’t have to mean more than that to Cas.’ Said a Sammy sounding voice.
“Yes, Dean. I really kissed you, you’re not dreaming.” Dean laughed a breathy laugh and looked at Cas with a wide grin on his face.
Dean kisses Cas tenderly, morning breath be damned, and got into the shower with only his thoughts to accompany him.
No sooner had Cas shut the door behind them, Dean flipped him around and pressed him against the wood. His hands reached down and make quick work of Cas’ jeans, pushing them down to his knees. Dean moaned in relief as he brushed their dicks together and thrust against Cas.
Dean woke up with a start right as his alarm went off next to him. It took him a while to remember where he was and what time it was and why his alarm was going off at 6.30, instead of 6. That’s when he remembered. Asa died and Cas got him home. Date. He and Cas had a date in half an hour. Only it wasn’t a date, was it? Cas probably wasn’t even interested in him that way. Just because Cas liked dick too didn’t mean he would get into bed with anyone who had a dick.
But some of it, we know for certain. Chuck was hiding things. He hid them for a reason. And without knowing which pieces are important to expose, we’re just gonna have to put ‘em all out there, from the beginning.
Sam Winchester is built like a brick shithouse. He has an IQ somewhere in the 130s. He has an awkward charm, once you get past the layer of floundering. He is also psychic.
“Well, I was thinking about going in and grabbing a beer,” Dean said cheerfully. “Maybe picking up some college students, yeah?
When Mary Winchester piled her weapons in the back of her truck and left town, the scandal of it was not that she disappeared – the ladies at work had been whispering about it for months, ever since the arguments had gone from common to explosive a few weeks before. No, the surprising thing was that she left her kids behind. Even her husband John went from a sort of distant resignation to total shock when he walked in the front door and Dean was still sitting at the dining room table, sipping his juice – the five-month-old Sam upstairs, sound asleep in his crib.
For the people who think I’m spewing crap: think of this as a reboot. Some characters you’ll recognize. Some you won’t. Some will share names and personalities but not stories with characters you know; some will share stories but not names and personalities. Some might not show up. You don’t have to believe our version. I’ve fact checked it with as many of the people involved as I can, but honestly, just because human memory is shit, we might be wrong about some things, too.
It was on the way to the cafeteria that Sam first noticed something strange. He couldn’t put a finger on it at first – no one seemed to be watching them, and at a glance there were no signs of spirits. The tingling on his neck followed him, though – through dinner at the cafeteria, through the walk over to the Greek houses, and through the conversation on the sidewalk.
“If I’da called, would you have picked up? Look – “ Dean set a hand on Sam’s shoulder as he started to say something, but a particularly loud bass beat cut him off. He glanced warily at the frat house out the corner of his eye. When he spoke again, it was slower, the measured discussion of someone speaking in code. “Dad hasn’t come home in a few days.”
Inside the house, wood crunched under Mary’s feet as she walked through the flame, untouched. She reached down – picked up the discarded note on the floor that she had left a month ago.
All of which is to say, in sum: Sam really did owe Jess one nice Halloween out. “Where’s the party you want to go to,” Sam said with something like defeat in his voice.
Sam’s friends did not fully understand this. “Sam,” Jessica said sternly. “You have not left this room in a week. I am not leaving until you agree to come drink an inadvisable amount of alcohol with me.”
John was the kind of man who looked like he might’ve starred in a war film from the ‘80s, but you weren’t quite certain enough to bring it up to him – broad, unshaven, kind of grumbly. He didn’t quite exude raw power the way Mary did, but he was certainly capable of holding his own. Normally, he would put it down to Dean getting a late night snack. He balled Mary’s note in his fist as he stood up.
The unfair thing about Jessica was that she was gorgeous. This was something that Sam usually chose not to think about, on account of the fact that, for the most part, it was not something especially relevant to their friendship, because the other unfair thing about Jessica was that she knew all of Sam’s hang-ups. Not the specifics, of course – Sam was loathe to bring anyone in on the family business – but that Sam had been essentially raised in motels by his equally-stunted brother, and that his father for reasons beyond both of them couldn’t stand the idea of Sam attending college. In sum, that Sam had never learned social skills and had a damn good financial reason to avoid them.
Twenty-two full years later, on October 31, 2005, Sam Winchester was what one might call a walking cliché.
“You scared the crap out of me!” Sam snapped. Dean jumped up with an easy laugh, offering a hand that Sam took gratefully; without breaking movement, he pushed in to hug his brother, slapping him hard on the shoulder. “What the hell are you doing here?!”
But the important stuff is here. And will be, when I can find the time to write them out between hunts – the great news about this thing we’re up against right now is that once we start this project, we’re not in danger until we finish this project (unless I die, and then someone else’ll have to pick it up, so if you start hearing from Sam, pour one out for me). Maybe I could've left this in the author's notes? And, like, in the future, for sure that's gonna be the main method. I was murdered in the show Supernatural, AMA in the comments. But for the "actually it's real" stuff, I just figured that it would be easier to get all of this out of the way at once, because there’s really no explaining shit like this fully in the end notes, and like. I was on fanfiction.net during the dark times. I know what having author’s notes mid-story is like. I may not technically be writing fanfiction but I still have
Jess gives the pile of dishes on his desk a significant look. “You’ve been eating,” she repeated, slowly. “And what have you been eating?”
Dean’s grin faded. He really did look good. At some point he must’ve inherited one of Dad’s old leather jackets, and he’d fully made it his own – patches lining the back with more than one rock band logo, one or two mementos he’d taken from some classier dives, what looked suspiciously to read ‘fuck the police’ in thick black letters. “Yeah, we gotta talk,” he admitted, glancing over at the frat house, where music was still loudly blaring. “Really didn’t think this was your kind of scene, though, Sammy. Figured you’d be holed up somewhere reading Hamlet.”
Mary Winchester looked something like a dangerous pirate who had been displaced a few hundred years and shoved into a flannel shirt. A homemaker she may have become for the sake of her boys, but a housewife she was not; her hands were just as calloused as her husband’s, her muscles just as thick, and her mouth just as foul. She had the grim wrinkles of a woman who had not been allowed to laugh in her life, and even around her sons, she didn’t crumble – just softened.
No one knew where the fire came from – whether it was from Mary’s form, or if she had set something in the room, or if what she was doing to Sam triggered some sort of blast. But John was thrown backwards against the wall, a sick crack echoing down the hallway as his skull knocked the doorframe. He shouted as he collapsed, crawling up onto his hands and knees –
The next time anyone saw her was a month later, when John Winchester looked up from the note he was rereading at the sound of a creaking door.
Jessica made a satisfied noise in the back of her throat, beaming at him. “Phi Psi is having a thing,” she said. Sam nodded to show he was listening as he tugged a second shirt on, carefully considering whether he wanted a third or not. “Honestly, we only need to drop in for like a minute. I really don’t want to be around our Greek life anyway, they’re such dicks, I just know that Brady’s gonna be there and I want my copy of The Martian back.”
The flame licked after John as he finally scrambled back, trailing just inches behind him as he fled the house before, on its doorstep, it exploded, pushing him out once again towards his waiting son. John fumbled to his knees. Neighbors were starting to gather, and there was the sound of a firetruck coming in, but John did not see them. He was staring at the walkway, eyes distant, mouth hanging half-open as if struck.
Jess threw up her arms. “Food! Right now! If you don’t want to pay for it or whatever that’s fine, we can use my ID, you gotta eat, man.”
“Sammy, chill out!” shouted a familiar voice as Sam fell to the ground with a little shock, a forearm pressing to his throat with no real weight, and Sam said, “Dean?!”
None of this especially endeared him to his peers. Sam was an exceptionally intelligent man on top of being physically imposing, which had the unfortunate side effect of making people think he was kind of an arrogant dick. In truth, this just blocked them from finding out all the other perfectly legitimate reasons that Sam was kind of a dick. He was quiet because he was, embarrassingly enough, shy. Combined with the need to maintain a 4.0 at Stanford to keep his scholarship, even Sam’s friends considered him a quiet, studious sort of guy.
“Nobody will care,” Jessica insisted. She squinted at him. “Dude. You have to leave this room. We don’t even have to drink. At least come to the caf and, like, eat dinner.”
She loaded and unloaded it twice more, and then had Dean repeat the process until she was satisfied he could do it without asking her instructions. “You practice this at least once a day until I come back,” she said. “Keep it in your room, in one of those empty drawers you got in your wardrobe. Don’t tell Dad, alright, baby?”
Sam brushed Dean’s hand off. “So he's working overtime on a Miller Time shift. He'll stumble back in sooner or later.”
“Jesus Christ, pull out of your freaky magic eyes, dude.” The first thing Sam saw as he tuned back in was his brother’s grin – cocky and self-satisfied as always. He had aged a few years since the last time they saw each other. His hair was messier, and he seemed to be wearing…make-up? That didn’t seem like the Dean Sam knew, but he couldn’t figure out what else could be going on with his eyes. It wasn’t strong. Very tasteful.
“You don’t have to come in if you don’t want,” Jess offered. Sam couldn’t hide his huff of relief. Jess patted him on the arm. “Wait for me out here?”
Dean Winchester’s first memory is the day his mother left Lawrence, when Mary took him aside and showed him how to use a shotgun. “You ask your daddy to take you hunting, make sure you practice this, alright?” she said more than once throughout the process. Dean, who was 4 years old, nodded seriously. There aren’t any pictures from that time – secrecy is a value the Winchesters have never quite learned to let go – but those who knew him described him as unbearably cute, with a smatter of freckles and an unusually sour resting expression, inherited from his mother. “Now, say it back to me. What’s the first rule?”
Sam rubbed his face. “I have to do homework,” he said, but it was half-hearted; a part of him that sounded suspiciously like his big brother had already conceded the point. All it took was one more pointed look from Jess to have Sam on his feet, grumbling under his breath as he fumbled through his scattered laundry for something clean.
the book series by Chuck Shurley, is also based on something. And it is a really goddamn well-hidden fact that the thing that
So: here’s the record. The things that go bump in the night are real. The details are a little different than you’ve been led to believe.
“Yeah, well, nothing happened, Bradbury. Because he doesn’t have a crush on me and we’re just friends. Now get to work, don’t you have kids to look after?”
Rather than wasting precious time on trivial matters such as clothes, Dean called Charlie instead. She would know exactly what to wear. Charlie’s advice had never let him down in the past and he was sure it wasn’t going to this time either.
“WHAT DID YOU SAY TO MY BROTHER, YOU SON OF A BITCH? WHAT COULD YOU POSSIBLY HAVE HAD TO SAY TO HIM THAT WOULD HAVE HELPED? WHY COULDN’T YOU JUST STAY AWAY FORM HIM AND LET HIM BE INSTEAD OF MAKING HIM MORE MISERABLE? TELL ME WHAT YOU SAID TO HIM. ALL I KNOW IS THAT YOU WENT TO TALK TO HIM AND THEN HE RAN IN FRONT OF A CAR. I SWEAR TO GOD IF SOMETHING HAPPENS TO MY BROTHER I WILL MAKE YOU REGRET YOUR VERY EXISTANCE, DO YOU UNDERSTAND IT?”
“Hey! Not a word about my ass, Winchester. I have an exquisite ass, I will have you know. And the only reason you’re not getting a piece of it is because I’m not into the likes of you.” Charlie replied with flustered expression, surprised with the sudden change in topic.
Cas wondered what master plan Dean had come up with this time and who all were helping him. As long as it wasn’t Gabe who was helping him, everything would be fine. A few years ago, Dean had asked Gabe to come up with gifts for a treasure hunt that he had organized, and the gifts ended up being stuff like condoms and lube, that were hidden all throughout the town for him to find.
The next morning, when Cas woke up, doctors and nurses flooded his room and Dean was forced to wait outside. After a long wait, they finally left and a nurse came to tell him that Cas wanted to see him. Dean had no idea how Cas would react to all that had happened. Would he be angry at Dean’s timings, or would he be glad that Dean finally confessed? Would he reciprocate Dean’s feelings, or would he give him the let’s-just-be-friends speech? God, Dean hoped it wasn’t the latter, he didn’t think he could stand by knowing that the love of his life, his best friend, didn’t care for him the same way that he did.
Cas is dressed in dark wash jeans, that hugs the bulge of his crotch, and his thighs perfectly. Coupled with the sinful jeans is a tight white shirt that shows off biceps that Dean didn’t realize Cas had, and a goddamn
Throughout all the years they had been friends, Dean and Cas would have these date nights when they’d order some cheap Chinese takeout and watch some movies until they fell asleep during the movies, curled around each other.
He then joined the man in his office where he finally saw him closely and damn was that guy a Greek God.
Obviously, it didn’t help that Cas was a very, VERY touchy-feely, giggly, and motherfucking adorable drunk. As Dean had found out during one of their many drinking sessions. And Sam being the little shit he was, did nothing to help the situation. Their conversation was interspersed with Sam “accidentally” spilling his drink on Dean’s pants which Cas immediately tried to wipe off with a napkin, or Jess pointing out something on Dean’s shirt which Cas decided he absolutely had to see, and when he couldn’t find it (because there was nothing to begin with), he decided to roam his hands over Dean’s torso to see if he could feel whatever it was that his drunken brain had missed. This was total torture and Dean sent a glare in his brother’s direction which promised revenge.
The rest of the evening was rushed as everyone needed Castiel to help them out with a billion fucking things. Finally, after they left, Castiel let out a sigh of relief. He had the entire evening to himself and he was going to spend it fantasizing about Prince Dean and what it would have been like to be able to actually go to the ball and have a dance with him. Prince Dean was gorgeous and Castiel knew that this would only ever happen in his fantasies. Just as he was getting to the good part of the fantasy, there was a knock at his door. Even before opening the door, Castiel knew that it was Balthazar, his only stepbrother who treated him like a human. Castiel opened the door to let him in.
By the time he made his decision about what to do, his phone had locked up again, so he swiped up and opened Cas’ messages. There was one more unread message that had just arrived.
Cas grabbed onto Dean’s hips as the man fucked himself onto Cas’ cock and it was almost too much when Dean wrapped a hand around his own erection and began to jerk off. Dean was pretty much using Cas to achieve his own orgasm and it was the hottest sight Cas had ever seen. Cas let it go on for a while as he thrust his hips up into Dean, making him moan even louder.
Dean interrupted him by pressing their lips together in a chaste kiss that made Castiel’s mind stop working. It was a very short kiss but it was Castiel’s first. And with the Prince no less. If he had any friends to share the story with, they would never have believed him.
” he growled. So Dean did, he fucked Cas hard enough to push him further up against the headboard, making the bed bang against the wall with each thrust.
Dean tried to change the angle of his hips to try and get some friction against his dick, but Cas’ body was too far to trap it between them.
So with all the details planned and double checked, all that there was left to do was wait for the day to arrive.
When Cas told Dean to leave him alone, it tore Dean up and left a Cas shaped hole within him. What was left behind was a shell of a human being, who had no idea how to function without his best friend. His house felt too quiet, too empty without Cas filling up the spaces.
By the time Cas left, Dean had been overthinking a bit too much so he decided to grab another beer before he went off to sleep. He’d berate Charlie later. Right now, he had an aching dick to take care of and go to sleep. He wondered if would he ever remain friends with Cas after all this blew over and his daughter was done with her treatment.
A few minutes passed with Cas searching for the green eyed man, who appeared to have vanished since the last time he saw him. Cas was about to give up and leave when Green Eyes came up to him and pulled their hips together. He slid his hands into the back pocket of Cas’ jeans and squeezed his ass lightly as he leaned in to whisper into Cas’ ear.
"Yeah well whatever. So tell me about this Gilda. How far did you go. Details." Gabe prompted with a lewd wink.
“I guess that I’ll just have to take care of this myself. Then. Good night, Dean. Sleep well.” With that, Cas winked at Dean and turned around as he left to go to Dean’s room, his hand already finding its way into his pants.
And please do leave a comment if you liked it, and if you want me to add or change something (I'll see what I can do about it)
Just like that, Dean was coming, shooting down Cas’ throat. The sight of Cas swallowing him down, greedily drinking up every drop of his come, had Dean’s dick shooting another spurt of come and twitching.
Dean did not remember how he got changed and into bed, or even what he dreamt of when be woke up, but whatever it was, had been better than what he had dreamt of in a long time.
Cas scrunched his nose and said, “Hah, you wish, Winchester. My head may have been in your lap but there’s mot way I gave you a blowjob if that’s what you’re suggesting. Get your mind out of the gutter.”
Dean moaned as his cock twitched in the confines of his pants. “God, turn around baby, let me see you.” he said, walking closer to Cas.
Dean falls onto the table with a ‘oof’ and let’s Castiel do all the work as he cleans them up and straightens their clothes.
He buried his face in Cas’ neck as he rode out the waves of pleasure. He could still feel Cas’ hand on the growing wet spot in his pants. Just that feeling was enough to send Cas over the edge too, and he bit down on the spot between Dean’s neck and shoulder as he came.
Finally they reached his place. Dean parked his car more carelessly than he usually would because he just didn’t have the patience to park properly – he could park her later. Cas crowded him from behind as he tried to get his door open, and wrapped his arms around Dean’s middle, leaving open mouthed kisses along the back of Dean’s neck. It took Dean an embarrassingly long time to get it open.
As he came down from his high, he heard Cas saying “So good, Dean. So beautiful.” In a soothing voice.
Cas pointed towards the drawer, and Dean crawled over to it to take out the stuff. He knew as soon as Dean had opened the drawer because he heard the man gasp at the sound of all the toys he had collected over the years. Cas gulped, nervous about Dean’s reaction to his collection. He needn’t have worried though, because Dean turned to him with a huge grin and said,
Having grabbed Claire’s stuff from the nurses’ station, Dean grabbed a bottle of water for himself and Cas and went into his office. When he entered, Cas was looking at a picture of him and his mom from when he was a kid. It was one of the few pictures he kept in his office. Cas was looking at the picture with a small smile on his face.
It had been so long since Dean had masturbated without a vibrator in his ass, stimulating his prostate, that even though he was close, he couldn’t tumble over the edge. His fingers never seemed to leave his prostate and his other hand worked furiously over his dick, but Dean couldn’t quite get there. He knew he was making some sort of noise by now, but he didn’t have it in him to care. He needed something, anything to help him tumble over the edge.
Dean picks up his keys and right as he’s exiting his place, Charlie calls out to him, “Have fun on your not-a-date, and remember to invite your not-boyfriend and his niece to our Christmas celebrations!”
Suddenly feeling as if there was way too much space between them, Dean got up from his seat and moved to straddle Castiel’s lap. Dean already knew he was half hard from the making out, but as he settled down on Castiel’s lap, he could feel Castiel’s erection pressing up against his ass, and within seconds that sensation made him harder than he had ever been before.
Cas, who was behind him had never heard her call Dean as Mr. Doctor and found the name amusing to no extent. His laugh caught Claire’s attention and like a typical kid, she abandoned Dean, instead running to her father.
Dean nodded and pulled on his sweatpants, ignoring the gross feeling that came when he wore clothes before cleaning the come off his body. He went to the bathroom ignoring the urge to look at Cas and took a quick shower cleaning himself off in a clinical manner. He let the hot water pound on his back for a while longer, just so that he could avoid going out to talk to Cas. He then went to his room and took out a new pair of pants to wear and an old t-shirt. When he could no longer delay the inevitable, he went out to see Cas sitting on one end of the couch, with his hands folded on his lap, looking very tensed.
“Okay, Dean. I wanted to apologize for how I reacted. I – I’ve had a crush on you since a long fucking time and I was happy believing that it wasn’t ever going to be reciprocated. Sure, it hurt, but there was nothing I could do about it. Then I met Balthazar and I thought that I could finally get over you. Fucked up as that it, the idea of getting over you scared me a bit. For so many years, everything had been changing, the only constant in my life was my crush on you. Taking that away from me scared the living hell out of me. But at the same time I was glad, you know? Having an unrequited crush on my very straight best friend was torture and I was glad that I would finally get over it. I could see myself falling for Balthazar, I could see myself happy. But then my birthday happened. I literally walked in on my boyfriend cheating on me. I was so pissed, Dean. Not at him, but at myself. I hated myself so much for giving myself false hopes. At least with you, I knew that there was no future. But with Balthazar, I had hopes that it would lead somewhere, that it would be a long term thing. And I knew you hated him, but I was hoping that for me, you’d put aside your differences and at least pretend to like him. But obviously I was too blind to see that you were right to hate him. But even after all that, I couldn’t bring myself to hate him. He was the one in a dead end relationship with someone who was in love with his best friend. I mean, could you really even blame him? I know I couldn’t. That night when you came to me to tell me how you felt, I was at my last bit of patience. I couldn’t believe it that I had been so stupid as to think that I actually had a future with Balthazar and then you came and told me that my unrequited crush hadn’t been unrequited and I realized that I had made a fool of myself for nothing. I felt so foolish at that moment. I didn’t know what to do but I knew that if I spent even a second more in your presence I would do something stupid like kiss you, consequences be damned. But I didn’t want our first kiss to be like that. I wanted our first kiss to actually mean something, I wanted it to be more than just a drunken thing that happened right after I found my boyfriend cheating on me. So I ran. I ran because I didn’t know what else to do. That probably wasn’t a good move on my behalf because the last thing I remember thinking before the car hit me was that I never told you I loved you. I was so sure I was going to die, and I regretted never kissing you and telling you that you are loved. But at the same time I was so pissed. At myself, for all the false hopes I had; at you for confessing your feelings when I was feeling shitty. You couldn’t have known how I was feeling right then, because I never said anything, but that didn’t stop me from being pissed at you too. I – when you came to visit me at the hospital, I let my anger come in the way of our friendship. It hurt me so much to see you turn around and leave; it was only my anger that held me back from calling out to you. I knew I should have explained to you what I was feeling, instead of letting you think it was your fault, but how could I explain to you how I was feeling when I myself didn’t know what I was feeling? All I knew was that I was upset and you somehow came into it, so I lashed out on you. The weeks after the accident I was recovering not just physically, but also mentally. There were times I wished I was dead, because I had been such a shitty friend to you, and because of all the emotions that I had been feeling but couldn’t out a name on. Gabe – he found me one day, bleeding out in the bathroom, because it was getting too much. He had me admitted and forced me to get treatment. It helped a bit. I was starting to figure out what I had been feeling, and my therapist really helped me get through that shit storm. Gabe and Sam would tell me when you called, wanting to talk to me. I wanted to talk to you, to explain to you what happened and why I did what I did. But I didn’t want to talk to you before I was sure about my feelings – about why I reacted that way. I know that is no excuse, I had no right to treat you that way, I should have been a better friend to you. I know how scary coming out of the closet is, but when you did that, I slapped it in your face and told you to leave me alone without explaining why. There is nothing I can do that would make it better and I would take it all back if I could. I wanted to talk to you earlier, but by the time I figured myself out, it had been too long for an apology, and I didn’t know what to do. I spent the entirety of your birthday drunk, wishing I could celebrate it with you, but it was my own fault that I wasn’t there with you, for you. I’m pretty sure I passed out a few times because of drinking too much, and by the time I came to, it was almost over. All I could do was text you and hope you could forgive me. I know just saying this means nothing, Dean, but I sincerely am sorry. I love you, and I hope that one day, you can give me another chance to be your friend.”
“Stop interrupting me, Dean. All of your exes have been insecure of you two, because all of them feel that you have feelings for Cas. Both of you are insanely jealous of anyone the other person is dating. You two constantly have eye sex. You stare at each other like no one else exists, until one of us snaps you out of it. You both smile at each other like the other person is the best thing you’ll ever see. Both of you are so in love with each other that even a blind person can see that.”
The longer Cas looked at him without replying, the more nervous Dean got. Did Cas have some test that he had to study for over the weekend that Dean didn’t know of? Damn, he really should have asked Cas before planning anything. Great now he had ruined yet another thing. But before Dean could say anything, he found himself wrapped in Cas’ arms in a bear hug.
“Not this time, but I want to try all of those.” Cas let out a sigh of relief and pulled Dean back towards him.
Taking a deep breath, Dean rested his elbows on his table and rubbed his eyes, trying to stop the overflow of tears when there was a knock on his door. He looked up to see Mr. Novak – Cas standing in the doorway with a sad look in his eyes. As soon as Cas saw Dean, his expression became even more broken. Dean could just imagine how he looked. Red eyes because of no sleep. Puffy eyes because of all the crying he had been doing. Runny nose, blotched cheeks. He probably looked like a disaster. Before he could open his mouth to apologise to Cas for his appearance, Cas crossed the room, sat on the table and cradled Dean’s head to his chest.
“Is that all you got, old man?” he said. “C’mon, Cas, you know you can fuck me harder. I’ve been fucked harder with toys, don’t make me bring them out when I can have you.” He taunted, knowing that Cas would take the bait.
Hey, sorry it took so long to write this chapter, but this was a difficult chapter to write and it made me cry.
Sighing, Dean managed to get himself free from Cas’ death grip and went to the bathroom to feel a little human again. His headache just seemed to get worse as he got up and his mouth felt drier than the Sahara desert. Ugh, he was never drinking again. Ever.
Well, of course Dean was planning something big. Dean always planed something big. From baking him homemade apple pie to taking him on a road trip, Dean never left out an opportunity to make Cas’ birthday special for him. But it wasn’t just his birthdays that Dean made special, it was all the little things that Dean probably didn’t even realize he did, that made Cas’ days special, and made him glad that Dean Winchester was such a huge part of his life. For instance, when Cas had come out to Dean as gay, Dean surprised him by taking him to a gay strip club/bar, ignoring his own discomfort, to make up for all the times that he had taken Cas to a straight one where Cas had been uncomfortable. It wasn’t a huge deal to Dean, but it had meant the world to Cas.
Around 11 at night, his phone beeped with a message, and Dean couldn’t imagine who it would be. Everyone he talked to had already wished him in the morning. Dean got up with a groan and went to pick up his phone from where it was buried under a pile of clothes. Unlocking the phone, he saw that the message was from Cas.
The other kid was so timid looking that it seemed that he would pass out if Dean spoke too loudly. His name was Sama- something but everyone called him Alfie.
Here, in this moment, on a sunny Friday morning, Dean felt a sudden bubble of happiness burst within him and he couldn’t stop the overwhelmed sigh that left his mouth. He was just content to lay there with his boyfriend in his arms, and do nothing of importance.
So here Dean was, pacing the room, with his eyes on the door and ears outside, listening for any sign of Cas coming back from his date. Now it wasn’t as if Dean was jealous. Pshht! He wasn’t, really. He was just worried about his best friend because Cas hadn’t been on too many dates before. What if he read the situation wrong? What if something happened? What if Cas was in trouble and needed his help?
“I have a guest room for a reason, Dean. It is so that people don’t have to be subjected to the torture of having to wake up after spending a night on the couch. Not to mention, you have to be at the hospital in the morning and I won’t be responsible for what you do there if you have a bad night. Now, come on, go to sleep. We leave early tomorrow. First we have to pick up Claire from her mother’s place, then we have to go to the hospital, I wanted to discuss Claire with you. And then I also have to go to work you know. I don’t want to be late because of my daughter’s doctor’s tardiness.” Cas mock scolded Dean as he went about taking out the covers for Dean.
Dean felt cold all over. He couldn’t believe this was happening. Tears formed in Dean’s eyes as his mind comprehended exactly what was happening. He didn’t need to look at Cas to know that he hated him, and Dean didn’t blame him even a bit for that. God, he had messed up the most important friendship that he had, just because he couldn’t keep his mouth shut, he deserved that pain that would come with their separation.
A/N: HEY GUYS! I'M SORRY FOR BEING AWOL FOR SO LONG, BUT I REALLY HADN'T BEEN DOING TOO WELL. HOWEVER I'M BACK NOW WITH A NEW CHAPTER, AND I HOPE THE NEXT CHAPTERS WON'T TAKE SO LONG TO UPDATE. WE'RE ALMOST AT THE END OF THE STORY, AND I HOPE YOU ALL STICK AROUND FOR THE REST OF IT AS WELL.
Dean knew it wouldn’t do him any good by lying to her so he just said it was some Cas related problem. Immediately Charlie offered to come over with movies and snacks. Knowing that it would be impossible to get her to not come he just told her to bring beer with her. He needed to be more than just tipsy if he was going to tell her this stuff.
Cas turned back with a jump and looked embarrassed. “I’m sorry if I invaded your privacy, Dean. You were a very adorable kid.”
“- didn’t say anything. We all know he’s your boy toy and literally everyone knows you have a permanent boner for the guy.” Charlie continued as if Jess hadn’t spoken. “Secondly, you’re telling me that you spent the night with your crush, who obviously has the hots for you too, and you guys got drunk but nothing happened? I don’t buy it, Winchester.”
“Yeah, umm wait let me get you one of my shirts. It a bit small on me so it should fit you perfectly.”
After taking a quick shower and brushing his teeth, Dean looked at the clock on his phone and realized that it was already 6.55. He didn’t have nearly enough time to shave before Cas was due to show up – he hadn’t even decided what he was going to wear. Cas said they were going out for drinks, did that mean he could wear a Jeans and a Tee shirt of one of his bands? Or was that a bit too informal for drinks? Should he wear a button down instead?
Dean adjusted his hips to give Cas more space to work with and sighed as his zipper was opened, relieving some of the pressure on his now hard cock. Cas wasted no time in sucking him down completely and moaned loudly around Dean, causing the vibrations to travel up his length in the most pleasurable way imaginable.
"Come on, let me buy you a coffee.” Dean wants to object but before he can open his mouth to say anything, Cas cuts him off. “No, don't give me that look. Holidays are a time for giving, and if my buying you a coffee makes you feel even marginally better, it's money well spent. I won't go bankrupt with one drink."
Hearing Cas’ voice, Gabe said to Sam, “Ah. He got distracted by Cas. Makes sense.” And they both laughed at his expense.
“Yes you do! My name is Claire, daddy told me you know me.” she said with a sassy flair to her words. Damn, the girl will grow up to be a cracker.
“Your husband here,-“ he pointed towards Cas, as Dean gave him a dirty look, “- told me you drank too much last night so I figured I’d have to come myself.”
The next few hours were a blur of phone calls, ambulance rides and sterile hospital smells. Dean lost track of time sometime between reaching the hospital and tearing Balthazar a new one. Balthazar knew that Dean hated his guts, because obviously he did, but even if Dean hadn’t hated the man, he would have torn him a new one for breaking Cas’ heart like that.
“I know, sweetheart, I’m sorry. I missed you too.” Dean replied. before Cas could reply, Dean rolled over to get his phone and call his assistant, he told her that he would be taking the day off, and next week onwards, he’d be working lesser hours- promotion be damned. Cas smile was blinding as he told him that their marriage was much more important to Dean than any promotion. They spent the rest of the day in bed, cuddling and talking between rounds of sex, making up for the time they lost because of Dean’s job, vowing never to let that happen again.
When Cas was close to his orgasm, he pushed up against Dean and flipped them over, so that he was still buried deep in Dean’s ass but now Dean was beneath him. Cas grabbed a pillow and put it under Dean’s hips. He pulled one of Dean’s legs over his shoulder and hooked the other around his elbow, as he leaned forward to kiss Dean. He began to snap his hips at a brutal pace that had him slamming against Dean’s prostate at every thrust. Dean was screaming out in time with his thrusts. When Dean was close, Cas leaned down (Thank you yoga, he thought) and wrapped his lips around Dean’s cock, and sucked hard. Dean’s hips arched off the pillow as he came with a loud shout of
“Oh my God, Charlie didn’t tell me that!” Gilda looked at Charlie accusingly. “But Dean, Cas really likes you. I mean before you told me he was in a relationship, I just figured you were dancing around each other. I’m so sorry. But you really should ask him out, Dean. I’ve just met you guys once but even I can see how much he cares about you, in a more than just friends way.”
Dean was sitting on the uncomfortable seats in the waiting room when he was attacked by a violent Gabriel.
After calming Cas down, Dean gave him some water to drink and went out to look for all the required paperwork and share the news with all the kids. They were going to have a new patient coming tonight and everyone wanted to make her feel welcome.
“Oh my God, Dean, thank you so much. You have no idea how much I needed this. I missed spending time with you Dean I am so sorry. I missed you so much I love you Dean thank you a million times over-“
“Dean Winchester, you are going to go home and take the rest of the day off. Jess told me what happened and there is no way I’m letting you work any longer today.”
Dean began to tickle Cas' sides, his feet, his calf and any other ticklish spots he could reach while sitting on top of his friend.
Soon, Dean was standing in front of Cas, fully naked, waiting for Cas to tell him what to do. Cas’ legs spread open wider as he motioned Dean to come closer with one hand, pinching his nipples with the other. “Pull aside my panties, pull out the plug, and eat me out. Show me what that tongue can do. Remind me how talented your tongue is.”
“In that case, Dean, please call me Cas. I’m sure you’ll do your best with her.” Dean loved the way his name rolled off Cas’ tongue.
And that’s how the rest of the ride home went. Dean was simultaneously glad and upset that the ride was no longer than 15 minutes because he was enjoying the way Cas’ wet mouth was teasing him, but at the same time he couldn’t wait to get Cas in bed and have his way with him.
! Dean could not stop the moan that fell out of his mouth. Cas’ dick was just the right size to rub against his prostate on every thrust and the pleasure left Dean raking his fingers through Cas’ skin, searching for purchase.
When he opened the door, Cas was standing right in front of him, just inches away. Dean look at Cas and realized that he looked really hot. Cas apparently had the same idea as Dean – or Charlie, and wore a burgundy button down with Jeans, which Dean was sure, made his ass look better than phenomenal. His hair was a mess, as if Cas had run his hands through it multiple times, giving him a totally sexed out look which gave Dean’s brain a lot of spank bank material. And goddammit his traitor of a dick was starting to pay attention.
Slowly, he pushed in one finger, pretending that it was Cas’ and wasted no time teasing his prostate with it. With one finger relentlessly probing at his prostate, his other hand left his dick to wander around his chest, remembering how Cas’ hands felt touching him in a similar manner just a few hours prior.
Seeming to get the hint, Castiel spread open his hand and slid it up an inch, causing Dean’s breath to hitch noticeably.
DEAN: Thank you, Cas. And no, I’m glad you texted. I – I missed you. I was a mess without you. I fucked up, Cas. I’m sorry for that. There’s nothing I could do that would make it better, but I hope you know that no matter what you do, you’ll always be my best friend. I want you to come back, I miss you. I love you.
“Dean” Cas began. And damn his voice was even more wrecked than before. He was making it very difficult for Dean to think properly. Dean let out a strangled moan that Cas swallowed with his mouth, and said, “Fuck me, Cas. Please –
Immediately, Cas pulls his fingers out, and Dean whines at the loss, his hole open and begging to be filled. His disappointment doesn’t last long as he hears the sound of a zipper opening and the squelching sounds of Cas lubing himself up. Dean breathes greedily as he feels the head of Castiel’s dick pressed up against his hole, but not pushing in. Before he can find the words to say something about it, Cas takes hold of both his wrists and holds them over his head on the table.
Dean was aware of a warm presence behind him even before he woke up fully. He was lying in a cramped area, but warmth surrounded him and he felt comfortable. Slowly, as his brain began to function more, he realized that the smell wasn’t the same as it was in his bedroom, or anywhere else in his house, for that matter. A few more seconds later, his brain came online and he realised that he was lying on a couch – Cas’ couch to be specific – and Cas was- Cas was lying behind him- not cuddling him, because Dean Winchester did not cuddle under any circumstances. So here he was, lying on Cas’ couch, absolutely not cuddling him – and Dean was 97% sure that he could feel Cas’ dick against the bottom of his spine.
“It’s alright,” Dean smiled faintly. He unwrapped the chunk of meat and tossed the paper into the fire. He turned the meat over in his hand and picking at a piece of fat.
Dean waved as Castiel drove off into the night. He smiled to himself as he closed up the shop and hopped into the truck, running the nights events over in his mind.
“SAM!” Dean’s voice echoed off the bunker walls. He was seething. Rage rolled off him as he stomped down the hallway.
"Hey, big guy? How about you stop yelling at my brother and sit the hell down?" Gabriel stepped next to his brother and rested a hand on his shoulder. "Not like he planned on bonding to an asshole familiar, yet here we are."
“It’s true.” Charlie meowed and trotted up to Sam, weaving herself in between his legs. “Dean, when I tried to leave with you Castiel freaked out. His eyes started glowing and he grabbed my wrist so hard I thought it was going to break. I told him I was taking you home and
Castiel stepped in front of his familiar and growled. “You’ve been gone a long time, Amara. Things have changed. I’m no longer the helpless witch you grew up with.”
So he drove. He drove until he ran out of gas. He walked until his feet couldn’t carry him anymore. He collapsed on the hotel bed when his shoulders lost the fight of holding his body up. His head and his eyes gave up and let him sleep. But his heart kept sinking.
Gabriel hopped off the counter and glared at Sam. “Serves you right,” he muttered before pulling a candy bar out of his pocket and taking a bite.
Cas nodded and headed towards the kitchen. Waiting until Cas was out of sight, Dean tiptoed (literally) into the bedroom and stuck his hand under the pillow. He unwound the strap and opened it to the first page.
"Sam?" He watched his brother turn with a smile and walk over to him, wrapping him in a hug with his stupid long arms and shaggy hair. "What the hell are you doin' here man?" he asked in a daze as he gripped his brothers shoulder.
"My ass ain't scrawn---" Deans words die on his tongue. "Wait. You---you said it's his place? He's---"
Anna scoffed and lightly tapped his chest. “A hut, Castiel? Why on earth would you want to live in a hole in the ground?”
Castiel moved from behind Dean and walked towards the woman, his height dwarfing her. He stood in front of her for a moment (while Dean had a heart attack) before leaning down and hugging her tightly.
"Castiel," the bald man slumped, "why won't you let anyone help you find a suitable partner? You must be lonely. We have all sorts at our disposal. You seem so---," Zachariah wiggled his fingers towards the other man, "pent up."
Castiel stared at their hands with wide eyes before dragging his eyes up to look at Dean. His breath came out in a sharp gasp and Dean couldn't tell if it was tub water or tears pooling at the corner of his eyes.
"Uh, yeah. Told ya, it's been good here." Dean scowled walking over to the desk. "So when you think you'll be coming home?" He plucked the cigarette out of Cas' fingers with a scowl and took a long drag.
More for himself. More for Sam. More money wouldn't be bad either. But for now, working at the The Garrison wasn't all that bad. The regulars knew him by name (and reputation), he was friends with
Sam tapped the wooden spoon on the edge of the pot, blowing on it and cupping his hand underneath it.
Gabriel scoffed and threw a hand in the air. “If I had a silver piece for every time someone tried to kill me….” he trailed off and looked up, tapping his chin. “Gods, I’d be rich,” he whispered.
"Ah-ah. Any closer, Cas, and I'll do it. You know I will. Wouldn't want another Michelle on our hands. I gotta tell ya, I'll never forget the look on your face when that car went up in flames. Kinda wanna see what it'll look like when you see the light leave his eyes."
Sam threw his brother a classic bitch face and reached for the door handle. "Ok. Then you wouldn't mind if I looked in here. Right?"
Dean huffed a laugh and reached down, patting his hand beneath the blankets. "Got it," he smiled as he pulled up a sock that looked suspiciously like Castiel's. "I ain't gettin' out of this bed and neither are you," he explained. He wiped them both off and tossed the sock to the side. They huddled under the blankets again, this time much warmer.
"It means she's the head of the mafia in this state," Castiel clarified. He eyed Dean's trembling hands and removed the cigarette from between his fingers. "She hands out orders, and people like me make sure they're taken care of."
The hell hound stretched out its neck and sniffed. It slowly crept forward until its nose was pressed against the cage and licked Deans finger.
“That seems to be an understatement,” he sighed. He knelt down and picked up pieces of glass bottles that Dean broke when he knocked into the altar. “I thought, for just once in my life, things were starting to become better.” He tossed the glass into a nearby bowl.
Castiel tore his eyes away and continued getting ready for bed. "I should warn you, tomorrow we usually go ice skating. It's part of the tradition." He peeled off his pants and tossed them on top of his shirt as he climbed into bed. "There's a little place near the falls that we'd always go to when we were kids." He situated himself under the covers and propped himself up on an elbow facing Dean. "Gabriel always challenges someone to a snowball fight and loses horribly," he laughed. "He can't throw to save his life. One time---"
“Yeah, definitely Dylan. Get outta here before we’re all swept down the street.” He patted him on the shoulder and helped him pack up his gear and music. It was quickly becoming darker outside and the rain was pelting off the shops’ awning so hard it sounded like hail.
“You want another drink?” Dean asked, picking his empty beer bottle off the table and heading towards the kitchen.
"Yes. I'm not looking forward to it. Naomi called me at the bakery and has been texting me all day." He gently poked a brick and smiled when it slid out easily. "She insists I bring a 'special someone'," he air quoted with the block in his hand.
Naomi entered the kitchen, nearly running her shoulder into the side of a cupboard. "Castiel," she slurred, "I can't help but notice that Dean is a man."
Cas' eyes widened before he pushed Dean's jacket off his shoulders, his hands immediately digging into his shirtsleeves. He pulled Dean along with him as he backed up to the couch, his legs hitting against the side. Dean smirked and pushed him down roughly onto the couch. He peeled his shirt off over his head as Castiel watched, licking his lips in anticipation. Dean crawled over his lap and straddled his hips, running his gloved hands down Cas' chest.
Castiel is concentrating on peeling the backing off one of the bandaids as Dean sits down on the bed.
“I know it’s not your fault. Mom, Jack, all the shit I put on you. None of it’s your fault. I just–I get so scared. So fucking scared. An’ with everything we’ve been through, you gotta know I don’t actually blame you. You’re my—you’re my best friend, man. I’m alive because’a you. I’m topside because you beat your way through hell to save me. Still think that was a good idea?” He chuckled at himself, letting a small smile crease his lips.
Dean threw his hands up in the air and let them slap on his thighs. “Fine! It’s not THAT bad,” he pointed a finger at his brother and scowled. “But you could have warned me! That thing was in my backseat and I didn’t even know it. It could’ve ripped my head off!”
The merchant scoffed and waved Dean away. “What am I going to do with bird feathers. Get out of here, I have actual paying customers.”
Dean shrugged a shoulder. "I mean, you can still touch me, just---not skin to skin." He looked up at Castiel through his lashes and smiled.
The maid cleared her throat which made him look up from his paper. His piercing blue eyes locked onto Dean, staring for a moment before folding the paper and setting it on the table. He rose from his seat slowly as Dean tried to remember how to breathe.
"I'm not sure what you eat for breakfast so I had the cook make a little of everything." Castiel took the cover off the tray, revealing bacon, eggs, toast, waffles and fruit that Dean pointedly ignored.
"I asked if you saw something you liked," Dean smirked. He'd never flirted with Cas like this. Maybe when they were younger and just messing around, but this felt different. Natural in some way. Dean hovered over Castiel, looking down at him where he sat on the bed. From this angle, Dean could see his friends Adams apple stretch and bob as he craned his neck upwards. His eyelashes fluttered as Dean reached out a hand, his finger running down Castiel's jawline lightly. "This ok?" he whispered, watching as his friends eyes closed.
"Fuck, jus' like that, Cas. J-just---fuck," Dean hissed, bucking his hips as he fucked into Cas' hand. Their knuckles bumped and brushed against each others until Dean took them both in his hand. With his hand now free, he reached up and gripped the side of Deans neck and squeezed, pulling at the mans short hair.
"I understand, Cas. But anything at all might help. Could you try?" Sam looked at Cas with hopeful eyes and a soft smile
Well, that's one crisis down. He thought about texting him back and saying not to worry about it because
Lucy leaned her head on her witch’s shoulder and sighed. “They are completely and utterly clueless, aren’t they?”
“I was flying and started feeling sick. The air started feeling really thin, I thought there was a storm coming and then—” He looked at Castiel and shook his head lightly. “I saw you. I saw you and then this force,” he held out his hands and spread his fingers, “it pulled me directly to you. I remember falling—that’s it. I just remember seeing you and falling.”
"In all my years, and don't let my looks deceive you I'm far older than I look, I've only known one possible way to break curses and spells without having them directly reversed." Rowena slowly raised an eyebrow at Dean.
He needed to cool down. He needed a drink. He just needed to get out of this sauna of a bedroom. He closed his eyes and blessed God above when he remembered that Cas had bought a six pack of his favorite beer earlier that day.
Castiel smiled at Rowena before turning to Dean. "Do you remember the crow in the corner of the pool house?"
Castiel rested his hand on Dean's thigh gently once the car started moving. "I understand that you have questions, but I'm not cleared to tell you anything yet. I'm hoping that will change after tonight."
"Dean, this is Rowena Macleod." He looks down at her fondly and smiles. "She's---" Castiel furrowed his brows as a pained look crossed over his face.
Castiel grinned and motioned towards the table. "Please, have a seat. Lunch will be ready soon and I thought we could talk while we wait."
So this is where Dean finds himself now. Being a creepy almost peeping tom on the opposite side of his bathroom door, listening for any sign that Castiel is awake. He set his beer down and gently knocked on the door.
“Jesus fuck, Sammy,” Gabriel whispered. He pulled his fingers out and moved them between his legs, teasing at Sam’s opening.
"I told you I didn't need practice," Dean smirked, holding up his target. The figures head was shredded and had various holes where Castiel instructed him to aim.
Dean grunted and rolled over as Castiel made his way across the cabin. He sat on the couch and pulled the blanket around his shoulders, blowing hot air into his hands to try and warm them. Slipping off his shoes, he curled his feet underneath himself and huddled into a ball. He closed his eyes as he rocked back and forth, teeth chattering. With taking care of Dean, he hadn't realized just how cold he was. His fingers felt like pin cushions and his hair was just now starting to thaw, dripping ice cold water onto his shoulders. He raked his fingers through his hair, hissing when they brushed the water off his scalp.
“He’s my familiar. And why on earth would I hurt such a beautiful creature?” He reached out and let a tail feather slip between his fingers.
Dean drummed his fingers on the bathroom sink with his eyebrows pulled together. "Yeah, alright. I don't work tomorrow so I could---"
Sam walked up to the devils trap and looked down on the panting demon. "She can do this all night." He looked back and shot a wink towards Rowena.
"To spend more time with you, my soon-to-be sexy MILF," Gabriel winked and blew a kiss at the phone.
Sam frowned and pulled his eyebrows together. "Not even---," he sighed heavily, "Cas, Crowley mentioned some things. Things that Dean did to you--"
Sam relaxed minutely, still narrowing his eyes at the woman before turning to Castiel. "You're---Cas you have legs," Sam gawked.
Dean let out a sound somewhere between a sigh and a scoff, scratching at a piece of paper on the desk.
Through his daze, Dean saw Castiel's coat flare out behind him. He pulled something shiny out and Dean watched as Castiel stretched his arm out to the side. His eyes never left Deans, his hand never stopped stroking.
Crowley was mindlessly tapping his fingers across the books on the library shelf. He pulled one out and scoffed before shoving it back. "You know, you Men of Letters really should update your archive. These---"
It was Dean's turn to not blink. His heart was hammering in his chest and he felt like he was going to pass out or throw up.
She hummed under her breath as she slid onto the seat next to him. She leaned in close to Dean. "I could be someone else, if that's what you're into." She scraped her nail gently down his cheek.
Dean stretched with a loud groan, looking over to the nightstand. "It's four thirty in the morning, Cas. Little late for meatloaf."
"You and me. The 'void' in your life or whatever. You found out who I was and you wanted me to, what? Pay me to stay with you so you could keep an eye on me?" Dean shoved hard against Castiel's chest.
Sam shifted from one foot to the other. “Um, I can explain.” He rubs the back of his neck nervously and cleared his throat. “I found it. On’a hunt.”
"The way I see it, the best way to keep Castiel safe is to catch them off guard. Preferably away from the property. They'll be makin' their way here soon enough, we need to find them and kill em before the get the chance." Bobby took a long drink of beer and clunked it down on the table and Dean definitely didn't cringe at the watermark it was leaving (hey, he still had plans to restore it ok?).
"It's his job, Dean. Yes, Bal can get...a little carried away, but he's nothing if not professional." His blue eyes sparkled as he took Deans glass and refilled it.
Dean’s brain finally clicked into gear. “I can—uh, hang on.” He quickly walked out from behind the counter and into the little bathroom in the back. He checked his reflection in the mirror before scooping up a towel and heading back out into the front room. The man was facing away from Dean, looking out into the raging storm. From this angle, Dean was able to see the gorgeous curve of of the mans back that lead down to a sinfully shaped ass. He turned when he heard Dean coming up behind him.
He wasn't ready to give Castiel up, he couldn't. He wasn't ready to declare his love or anything, but there was something about Castiel that called to him.
“Castiel, darling, good to see you. It’s been ages.” She held him with outreached arms and looked him up and down. “Having a familiar suits you. Look at him, Gabriel. All shiny and new, aren’t you?”
He watched in shock as Castiel hooked his jacket over his shoulder and walked out of the bar. After coming back to reality, he unfolded the piece of paper in his hand.
"Would you mind," he gestured towards the inside of the hood. "I wouldn't mind knowing how to reattach a battery. I assume it could come in handy some day."
"Uh, hello? Kinda bare ass naked in here. You destroyed another pair of my trunks and they're currently at the bottom of the pool. Mind giving me that towel?"
Castiel's arm shot out, shoving Dean behind him protectively. The sound made Dean cover his ears as glass sprayed over the driveway and porch.
For weeks the army recruited men and woman who were either brave or stupid enough to take on the angels that were desolating the lower states. The war was quickly heading north when Dean Winchester was called into battle.
Dean moaned at the hot, wet pressure around him. He pulled Cas’ knees over his shoulders and leaned forward to kiss hi, before he started fucking into him- hard and fast and relentless.
“So? Spill. What happened last night between you and your boy toy?” Charlie demanded in a tone that clearly said that she wasn’t going to let this go.
“Ten!?” he sputtered. “Damn. I only have one younger brother and I’m fed up of him being a constant pain in the ass. I can’t imagine having so many siblings.”
When he entered the room, Claire immediately spotted him and ran to him with the shout of “Mr. Doctor!”
Dean was the best doctor in the field in the entire state so his services were quite in demand. Every morning he would reach the hospital around 7am with gifts for his patients and their families in the form of food. He would go over the vitals of all his patients and take care of his appointments for the day. Then he would make his rounds, sitting with all the kids one by one, talking to them and making them laugh. After lunch, he would gather the kids around him and read them stories, while the slightly elder kids would do what they wanted. After story time the children would take a nap as he looked over other stuff like paperwork. He would sit with the families of the children and tell them about the treatment and how it was going. By 11pm he’d get ready to go back home and by 12 he’d be in bed. His phone was always by his side so that whenever he was on leave or at home, he’d still be on call. On such occasions when he wasn’t in the hospital, another child oncologist, Dr. Jessica Moore, would always be on call. Jess always told him to go home early or take a vacation but with only two doctors, they didn’t have time for that.
“I love you” he said and that made Dean’s heart grow in size. He would never tire of hearing those words. He cupped Cas’ jaw, thumbing his lips and replied with his own I love you.
Over the past few days, Castiel had been out of the house most of the time, either busy with his classes or out with Balthazar. So when Balthazar told him that he had to go out for the weekend with his family, Cas decided to spend that time with Dean. Dean figured that it had been a long time since he and Dean had spent time together and he felt guilty about ignoring him for Balthazar. But Dean didn’t blame Cas for that, God knows he ditched Cas numerous times for a date.
All of his friends gave him different opinions on Cas’ feelings for him, just to mess with him, ranging from ‘he totally wants to bone you’ to ‘it’s a hundred percent platonic for him’
“Oh well, you know, I just woke up feeling extremely refreshed and, well, you know how we were sleeping.” Dean winked at him lewdly.
Since that incident, over a day ago, Dean had replayed the scene many times in his head and was sure of the following things. A) He had heard Cas whimper when he bent down to pick up his sweatshirt. B) Cas’ eyes were dark with lust when he turned around. C) Cas had been looking at Dean’s dick when he licked his lips. All if that combined led him to believe that D) Cas wanted him like he wanted Cas. But, E) Cas was in a relationship so that wasn’t possible.
indeed making him breakfast but holy fuck was he wearing the most enticing outfit ever. Cas was wearing a tight red and black corset, the tightest,
“Dean!” a voice called out, bringing Dean back to the present. He looked up to see the blue eyed barista, who Dean had had a minor crush on since the first night he came here, calling out his name for him to pick up his order.
As usual, English isn't my first language and this is unbeta'ed so any and all mistakes are my own. So feel free to call me out on them.
“Not that I am not enjoying the conversation, believe me, I am, but do you want to get out of here?”
On that note, Dean stuck two fingers in his mouth, running his tongue along them, between them, getting them thoroughly wet, wishing it was Cas’ hand on him, Cas’ fingers on him, instead of his own. His fingers slipped out of his mouth and began trailing down his chest, teasing and pinching at his nipples, hard. His hand continued its downward journey, cupping his balls and teased at his hole.
Dean looked at Cas with something akin to dread in his eyes. Fuck. This was it. Cas knew about Dean’s crush on him and was freaked out. Cas was probably grossed out by what he just saw, what he just heard, too, probably, and couldn’t be friends with him anymore. Things would be strained at the hospital and Cas would take Claire to another doctor and this would be the last Dean saw of them. Dean’s patients and their family was like family to Dean too, and it would pain him to see Claire go before she was treated, but he supposed that was all his own fault. His fault or not, he thought of Claire as his own kid – just like every other kid at the hospital – and he hated the thought of his baby going to some other doctor to whom she would be just another source of income.
“No, Dean. I don’t want to hear anything right now. Please just leave me alone. I need time to think. I need time to wrap my head around what happened, without you serving as a constant distraction. Please just leave.”
Dean thrust his fingers in once more as he teased Cas. “Oh but I am fucking you aren’t I? Can you feel these fingers fucking into you?” dean was going to make Cas say it today before he gave him what they both want.
That morning was pretty much the busiest, fastest, morning he had had in a while. Just a couple of hours after Dean went to sleep, his phone rang, waking him up from a pleasant dream. Before he could answer the phone, though, Sammy barged into his room looking pissed and answered the call. Apparently the phone had been ringing for quite some time and had woken Sam up, and GOD that moose of a man was a bitch when he woke up.
This time, though, felt different. Dean had been acting weird for quite some time now, and Cas had no idea how to explain his behaviour, except for the fact that Dean was planning something big. The thing was, Dean didn’t get it, that even if Dean gave him nothing more than a dollar, it would be special to him because it was from Dean. But the pride on Dean’s face when he presented Cas with his gifts and how his face lit up when Cas loved the gift were totally worth it. Cas wouldn’t change that for the world. So what if Dean wanted to pamper Cas with gifts on each birthday, if it made Dean happy, Cas would gladly be the centre of everyone’s attention for as long as Dean wanted.
“You want this? You want my cock, filling you up?” he asked. When Dean nodded, he said, “Ask nicely. Ask me nicely and I’ll give it to you.”
A couple of minutes later, Castiel came to the table, carrying a coffee and slice of cake for himself. He set his tray down and settled in his seat as Dean re-played the episode from the start.
Dean continued, “Now, I would like to conduct some tests on Claire. The results should be prepared by tomorrow so I’ll give you a call about it.”
Shirt in hand, Dean went back to Cas’ room where he was trying to tame his hair only to have it stick out even more, making him go from just-woke-up-from-an-amazing-nap to I-was-just-thoroughly-fucked-by-my-boyfriend-five-minutes-ago and Dean would be damned if that look didn’t do things to him below the belt that no amount of deep breaths could calm down. It was not a good idea to have the hots for his best friend but apparently his dick seemed to have missed the memo.
Biting back a moan at the touch, Dean wraps an arm around Cas’ neck and climbs onto his lap, as Cas licks his way into Dean’s mouth. Cas wraps an arm around Dean’s waist, resting his hand on his hip, and they stay there for the rest of the evening, kissing and watching the movie. It is, no doubt, the best Christmas Dean has ever had.
Dean woke up the next day to the smell of coffee and Bacon. He smiled to himself and rolled over with a groan. Unfortunately he had forgotten that he had been sleeping on the couch so he fell out of it and landed on his ass with a bump. He was still recovering from the fall when Cas came in to check on him.
Sleeping arrangements were the easiest to figure out. Sam and Dean didn’t want to share a room because they’d grown up in the same room and were sick of sharing a room.
Dean immediately takes a step back, already having anticipated the speed with which Ben stands up and shoots out of bed. After being headbutted multiple times, Dean knew better than to be within Ben’s reach when he woke up all excited and energetic.
Cas was in his room getting ready for bed and humming some song Dean had never hears about. Wow that was new. If Cas was humming around, this guy must really mean something to Cas, which made it worse for Dean because he would never be that guy for Cas.
Less than half an hour later, Charlie was at his door, letting herself in, with both of her hands full of food items. Dean’s eyes lit up when he saw the pie she had brought.
Gabe had a similar issue with sharing a bed with Cas. “He snores at night and I can’t sleep like that.”
Dean would normally have snorted and rolled his eyes at Cas and told him that he was no one to tell Dean what to do but he recognized the tone of Cas’ voice. It was the tone that said, don’t-you-even-dare-to-think-about-not-doing-what-I-said. It was the tone Cas probably used on Claire to get her to finish her vegetables, the ‘Dad’ voice. It was the tone no one had used on Dean ever since his mom had died all those years ago but Dean still used on Sam at times to get him to do something, or more like stop doing something.
Cas rolled over and Dean winced at the empty feeling. Dean was still riding the high from his orgasm so he didn’t notice as Cas cleaned them both and came back to bed. He did, however, notice as Cas came up behind him and wrapped his arms around him. If someone had told Dean a year ago that he’d be the little spoon, he would have punched them in their face, but right now, Dean couldn’t care less. He was lying in the arms of his (hopefully) boyfriend and there was nothing better than that.
was a cheating bastard, and despite not being his biological parent, Dean got custody of his No-Longer-Step son, Ben. Now, it was Dean’s first Christmas as a single father, and he would do anything in his power to make it the best Christmas the four-year-old would ever have. The only problem was that Dean had forgotten all about the holidays until just a week before they were supposed to celebrate and he was being forced to go to the mall to find something good- no,
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck and his fingers played with the short hair at the back of his neck, in a way that always turned him on even more. He pulled Cas up and wrapped one of Cas’ legs around his waist, still thrusting against Cas.
Anyway, as always this is unbeta’ed and all mistakes are mine. English isn’t my first language so feel free to point out any and all mistakes. Constructive criticism is welcome.
Dean moaned and did just that. He pulled off Cas’ panties so roughly that he pretty much ripped them to shreds. Cas produced a bottle of lube out of nowhere and poured some onto Dean’s hand. Dean slathered his cock with the lube and slid into Cas in one smooth motion and wrapped Cas’ legs back around his waist- both men groaning loudly as he bottomed out. Without giving Cas a chance to adjust to his girth, Dean started to slowly thrust his hips, trying to establish a good rhythm and looking for Cas’ prostate.
Dean laughed and shook his head at Charlie’s antics. He didn’t know about making Cas beg though, it’s not as if dean could refuse the guy anything.
They spent most of the evening changing the rules of the game and drinking shot after shot until they were so drunk that the couldn’t even speak properly. Someone, Dean couldn’t tell you who it was, he was way too drunk to remember, turned on songs and they danced like asses and totally off beat (not that Dean could dance to the beat anyway, but that was irrelevant) and laughed at each other’s drunk dance moves.
Dean went to the guys’ side of the room and sat at the bar, ordering himself a shot of whiskey and some beer while he looked around the area for potential hook ups. He didn’t pay any attention to guys that were a lot shorter than him because he was in the mood to be bossed around and manhandled. Not that smaller guys couldn’t do that, but today, he just wasn’t in the mood.
A few minutes later, Cas got up and got them a cloth to clean up, tying up the condom and throwing it in the trash. After cleaning them both up, Cas got into bed with Dean and wrapped his arms around the man, who nuzzled into Cas’ neck.
” Dean ordered him, as he shut his eyes gainst the onslaught of pleasure. “Oooh yeah, baby, do that again,
Cas was going to come soon if Dean didn’t stop. He pulled Dean back up and kissed him deeply, tasting the slight taste of his own pre-come in Dean’s mouth.
ALSO, I ALREADY WROTE MORE THAN HALF OF THE NEXT CHAPTER SO THE NEXT CHAPTER WILL BE UP NEXT WEEKEND YAYYY ME!
As usual, this is unbeta'ed and english isn't my first language so all mistakes are mine. Feel free to point them out, yada yada yada.
“Yes, to the movies. Cas wanted a movie buddy and I’m a slut for movies so I was the obvious choice.”
Mentally berating his dick, Dean slowly moved his hands down his body, imagining those were Cas’ hands instead of his own. In his mind, it was Cas’ hands that rubbed over his nipples, causing him to gasp quietly as the feeling went straight to his cock. One of Cas’ hands reached lower, teasing around his cock, down to roll his balls, while the other rubbed over his hole, not really pushing in. In his imagination, Cas dropped down to his knees and pressed gentle, teasing kisses around Dean’s hips and inner thighs. His mouth was so close to Dean’s now achingly hard dick.
By the time the prince got to their home, Castiel had lost hope because surely by now the print would have faded. When their family got the notice that the prince would be arriving at their place in a few hours, they all began hounding Castiel about cleaning the house and washing their clothes and by the time the prince actually arrived, they told him that after serving the prince, he was to go to his room and pretend that he didn’t exist.
When they reach home, Cas seems to be unwilling to change his clothes into something more comfortable, choosing instead to let gravity have its way with him, falling to the ground every other second and behaving like a kid in general. Dean would have been pretty annoyed had it not been for the adorable look on Cas’ face as he took out Dean’s sweats to wear them instead of his own. Dean sighed. It was going to be a very long night.
“Well, what can I say?” Dean shrugged. “I can’t resist the call of a time of myth and a land of magic at 3am.”
A few hours later Dean woke with a start and noticed how they had fallen asleep. Cas looked so peaceful sleeping on his lap that Dean couldn’t help pressing a soft kiss to his temple. Just then, Cas woke up too looking confused and extremely adorable. He saw Dean grinning down at him and he asked,
Cas lifted Dean’s knee and hooked it over his shoulder as he began to gain speed. The new angle made Cas slip in even deeper and caused him to groan above Dean. It was almost too much. Dean had no idea why he hadn’t tried this before but there was no going back. The gays knew what they were doing – that’s for sure. Dean was already so close when Cas wrapped his hand around his dick, and it took him only a couple of jerks before he arched off the bed, coming harder than he had ever before. Cas came only a handful of moments later with a cry of ‘Dean!’ on his lips.
