“Attention, Americans,” a loud voice with an accent spoke loudly from the Helicarrier speakers. “Today we are here to cleanse this nation and bring a new form of purity. We are starting from New York, where the aliens first attacked, bringing down hellfire from the skies.”
Before Steve and Tony could step out, the machine buzzed wildly and both of them vanished. There was smoke coming out of the cube and after a few seconds, the ceiling of the cube crashed.
Once at the lab, Steve placed little Tony on Bruce’s table. Natasha, Clint and Thor were also there.
Then, the stairway door opened and the leader walked through. Tony’s defense mode kicked in. He called more lightning and casted it on the leader, letting out a shout.
“Hey I liked the basic ones! Both of you finished the strawberry and Nutella ones!” Bruce rolled his eyes. He sat back on the couch with his arms folded.
“Steve,” Natasha sighed. “Bruce and I will be seated outside, if you need anything.” He nodded his head.
“Get out of here!” he shouted at the patrons and staff. “Get out! Any damages occur, bill it to Stark Industries!”
“I’m afraid that’s after four years,” Thor sighed. “Brother Loki and I had a fight on the day I was leaving for Boston. I don’t think I want to go back yet, to face them.”
“Captain,” Thor said as he entered the store. “I need to bring these two boys with me. The liquid has finished. I’ll destroy the first stone and bring them back.”
Tony smiled at Thor, and titled his head to the side. Thor brushed back Tony’s soft hair, and was smiling at him.
Steve took this moment to digest the fact about how smart Tony actually was. Even as a kid, he looked at his surroundings and realized he wasn’t actually at home. He bravely interrogated one of the best spies in the world. And he was mature enough to acknowledge his situation. Tony Stark was truly a genius. Engineering was his forte, but he also knew how to adapt. And at that age, adapting was a big feat to be accomplished.
Why was his heart beating so fast? Why did he suddenly want to talk to his dad, to ask him so many questions about the company and about their relationship?
“That makes sense,” Tony mumbled. “Oh and Jar… Vision, if you catch me staring at you, it’s because the jacket you’re wearing and your voice reminds me someone I really cared about.”
For a few seconds, everything was silent. The dust was slowly settling down. Doctor Strange’s knees gave out and he dropped down to rest on the road. The rest of them slowly began to rise up. Ben helped Doctor Strange up once he could stand well.
And soon, she snapped. The redness around her hands completely disappeared. The stone was falling. And instinctively, Wanda reached out for it, forgetting about the repercussions. She could try again. She could try to focus more on getting the stone to stay within her powers and get it to the backyard.
Daredevil pointed to the lamppost behind him. The rest of them ran there, forgetting how tired they felt. And Tony was there on the ground, right beside the lamppost, surrounded by debris and dust. He was still clutching onto Mjolnir.
“We’re not telling anyone about this. I don’t want Steve to hear about me nearly setting a kitchen on fire,” Sam said. “You hear this F.R.I.D.A.Y? No one should hear about this, don’t tell anyone.”
He ignored the skeptical look he was receiving from Natasha. He was already judging himself, he sure as heck didn’t need his good friend doing the same thing too.
Steve wiped his tears and looked around him. Everyone were bleeding and looked like a mess. All of them needed rest too. He sighed.
Tony turned to look at the bobbing water and finally let his tears fall. It was true. He was going to be a big failure.
“Sure, we’ll keep in touch.” Bruce and Reed exchanged a handshake first, followed by Bruce and Strange. “I’ll walk with you, come on.”
“Instead of facing this and talking to Steve, I ran away like a coward,” he continued. “And today, instead of trying again, I decided to come here and do the job Pepper is more than capable to do.” He sat back on the couch. “I don’t know how to face Steve. And I sure as hell don’t know how to tell Steve he and I can never be.”
“He flew in here earlier,” Bruce managed. He pointed at the ceiling, denoting that Tony was already up in the Tower.
“Oh Thor,” Clint smiled. “That’s sweet of you but my bones are just fine, thank you.” He gave Thor’s shoulder a pat.
All of them looked at Tony’s back disappearing further down level two, with trepidation. Clint hoped nothing bad would happen to his friend.
Clint ran and tackled Tony. Bruce caught the remote while Wanda took the movie collection. Sam’s eyebrows shot up. Bucky tried to stop them. But it was impossible with just one hand.
“I think he found out something he wasn’t supposed to find out,” Tony shrugged. “On a side note, can I borrow your phone? Best to give Natasha a heads up.”
Tony chuckled to himself, before walking to Steve. He placed his armored arm on Steve’s shoulder to calm him down. Steve held Tony’s hand and took in a deep breath, visibly relaxing.
“Tony,” Happy sighed. “After that security breach thing during the Gala, I’m scared Pepper is going to demote me.”
Reed stretched out both his arms and caught all the Giants; there were just three of them. Sue created a shield for Reed from another Frost Giant and Wanda took the chance to push that Giant back.
All the heroes gasped. Bruce was beginning to turn green. The others were already taking out their weapons and were getting ready to attack.
“Stee!” Tony’s voice signaled the end to the conversation Sam and Steve were having. “Ere! But a piece is missin!”
“Hey, one day I might find Tony and Thor in Hollywood!” Clint grinned. He shut his laptop and went to his room to put it back.
They were now hovering 270 feet above the ground, a height that would make any person dizzy but not Strucker and definitely not Tony.
The shock of seeing the kid version of his boyfriend hadn’t really settled onto Steve. He was still in a daze.
Tony took Clint’s advice and asked Steve to meet him at Central Park with ice cream, like a date. He was waiting for him, feeling excited and nervous at the same time.
Sam was more than willing to do so. He helped Rhodey up and guided him to the kitchen, where he wanted to get a cup of mixed fruit juice.
“Oh boy,” Tony whispered as he flew upwards and instead of towards the bank. “Cap, I can’t come in. You gotta trust me on this one.”
How was the story? Feedback is welcomed and deeply appreciated. If you have anything to say, please leave a comment below. I'd be very happy to read them and reply! :)
Steve settled Tony on his hips and walked towards the window. Both of them looked at the cornflower blue skies, and Steve wiped away the little boy’s tears.
Before Tony could ask what it was, Steve was kissing him. Tony immediately felt Steve’s nervousness when their lips crashed together. He kissed him back, to assure him that he wanted this too. Whatever emotions they had for each other and were hiding from one another were poured out into that one kiss.
Natasha wanted to disagree. But she also wanted to know what Bruce had to say, even after disconnecting the line from the quinjet that day. She was interested, so after a few minutes of thinking, she eventually agreed.
He looked at the floor. Tony knew that if Bruce was feeling dejected, he would look down. He walked towards the sad man and placed a hand on his shoulder. He gave it a small squeeze.
In mid-air, now, little Tony’s eyes welled up. Tears spilled out. And Tony saw Steve’s figure getting tinier.
Steve was shaking his head. No one needed so much of power in their lives. This was not only dangerous for the person wielding it but also for the people around the wielder.
After realizing the quiet moment was gone, she removed her hand from his head, but didn’t stand up. “I got a call from Clint. Tony woke up just a few minutes ago.”
They were nearly finishing up their burgers when a crazy idea hit Clint. His face lit up and it really looked like he had a lit bulb above his head.
“Honestly? I think I’ll do this bit by myself,” Tony said, finishing up his first taco. He reached out across the bench and took his second taco. “I don’t want to put you guys in any trouble.”
“That’s my good girl,” Tony was cooing at her. “It’s delicious isn’t it.” He wiped the side of Natasha’s mouth when drops of milk were running down.
Linda was checking Wanda by continuously patting her back. She was messing with Bruce’s animal toys, which Bruce didn’t seem to mind. He had joined her. Whatever shock Wanda was in, was long gone. Bucky had joined them too, after a while. They were throwing the toys around one another, making weird noises and laughing at the noises they were making.
Howard easily pushed Maria and Steve to the side, and stepped right into Tony’s space. “You’re a fucking joke!” he shouted at Tony.
“But he could have deleted all of them?” Thor asked, leaning back against the headboard. “Depends on how friend Tony dealt with him getting caught.”
For now, Tony was recovering well. Doctors said he could be waking up after a few hours if everything goes well.
The remaining Avengers, who haven't de-aged yet, try to bury the stone. Plus it's Tony's birthday and they celebrate it. And Steve's face-to-face apology to Tony, like finally.
“Maybe it’s because I got a punch from my old man?” Tony rolled his eyes. But once he saw the glare on Steve’s face, he sobered up. “Steve, really I’m okay.”
Jane nodded her head, allowing tears to fall from her eyes. “The help… Can you… try to get the words back together? It’s gone, but… but you can… right? Plus, this is a special paper only the professors have and use for testimonials… you think you can… get it back?”
“One day, the son and his friends rounded me at the corner street, where no one was. Clint was one of them. They were going to bash me up. I gave up and was so ready to take the hits. And then, it was as if some miracle had happened. Or he must have seen me give up. He used a slingshot and a couple of stones to chase his own friends away. He gave me his hand and I took it,” Natasha smiled, and tears slowly gathered in her eyes.
“You’re strong. You have willpower,” Steve replied. “Don’t worry about your future, Tony. You made it.”
Clint had wrapped his arms around a sobbing Tony. “Whas tis?” Clint’s small voice asked. He felt comfortable though, to be wrapped around and to be surrounded by the warmth of the Cloak. Even Tony was beginning to relax. He was touching the Cloak to feel the material, intrigued.
In case you weren't familiar with the characters Carson Wyche and Bethany Cabe, they're from the comics.
“So much potential, but all wasted in crime,” Thor shook his head. “I mean… if I had found her, I would have recommended her to the Avengers!”
“Yeah, I remember. We were having this really intricate conversation about Bible verses at 3am… what was that about?”
“I’d like to keep you in stealth mode. Stay invisible for the time being,” Tony mumbled to himself. He pressed another button and the jet became invisible.
Her suit took most of the impact, even though she was bleeding slightly because of that ice attack. But giving up was never in her mindset. So she used the skills she knew.
After exiting the elevator, Tony jogged to his lab. If there were no other stupid supervillains or villains or just idiots attacks, then Tony had the rest of the day to himself.
Natasha walked to the dining table where her bag was. She quickly rummaged inside to see if she took all her needed books, pencil case, laptop and its charger. She placed the Tupperware box with her breakfast inside and zipped it up.
The gym lights dimmed down further as he and Steve walked out of it. And things were well… fucking awkward.
“Aw come on…” Clint rolled his eyes. He slowly climbed in, having to squeeze inside. Thor immediately grabbed Clint, and pulled him towards him, as if he were hugging him. “Such affection.” Clint smiled. After the doors were shut and locked, Tony sped along the bends, easily. He then exited the gate, waving at the security guards, who waved back at him.
The door slowly shut, leaving Steve and Tony alone. Steve grabbed one of the visitors’ chairs and pulled it closer to the bed. He sat down and sighed again.
“Have I told you how much I love the beach?” Clint’s cheerful voice was heard. The others were entering the house after an enjoyable day out.
Steve sighed, before saying, “This boy is a son of one of our PR people. He was found in the street we were fighting in just now. No more comments.”
“You could have said something,” Steve sighed. “You scared the fuck out of Ana, Bruce, Clint and even me!” Tony looked away, hating to hear his boyfriend sounding worried. “Anyway, the rest of them decided to hit the beach. I decided to stay here. You can see them by the way. They’re just down there.”
Clint shuddered. He knew what Jarvis was going to do because he had experienced that last semester, thanks to Ross.
“Cleen no!” Tony screamed. He toddle-ran and pulled Clint. But he was not ready to dodge the incoming slap.
“Obi said you brought your friends over,” Howard said. “Are you going to introduce us to one another?”
“Okay okay!” Tony shouted. “No, no way am I okay! Life sucks, everything sucks, I ruined everything!”
The elevator doors opened and Tony almost fell in. He pressed for his level and leaned against the wall, sighing in relief once he’s in the all clear.
“Everybody, it’s best to get out of here because things can and will get explosive,” Tony said as he flew in. “Avengers, all cybernauts are entering the bank.”
“Fine,” Tony rolled his eyes. “We should really get going. I bet Clint already caused two arguments with the others about the movies. Oh, and we should give the two girls, Scott and T’Challa a room to stay in.”
Tony could see how proud Steve was of bringing him here. Being the dork Steve was, he was trying to hide his pride.
Sam nodded. After a while, he added, “You know, I feel like staying at the Tower with Rhodes for a while, instead of you know, going to Boston.”
“You’d rather fight The Purple Man 3 times than this, right?” Luke chuckled. Jessica answered that question with a glare.
With anger blinding him, he went straight to the Frost Giant and socked him in his jaw. The assailant wasn’t expecting this. His grin vanished.
“Look at you!” Clint grinned. Everyone turned behind to look at Tony entering the pool area. He was wearing an over-sized t-shirt with shorts.
“Firstly, I’m not going to leave you, even if you fall sick,” Steve said, pursing his lips. “Secondly, I came after you that night after watching the video because I needed to know if it was true or not, whether you liked me. I had to hear it from you directly, despite the video evidence. Because Tony, I really do like you.”
“Well, Pym Particles can be used to shrink objects and people. So when I shrunk, a blade shrunk with me too. I’m cutting the leader’s chain loose so that you can get the pendant,” Scott informed.
Tony immediately took one Nutella crepe for himself. The others helped themselves. Bruce and Clint loved the taste of it; they were trying not to moan in front of Jarvis. Natasha and Thor decided to go for a second round of crepes. Steve and Tony were still enjoying their first piece.
“You know what son,” Howard shook his head. He looked really disappointed. He started to walk away from Tony. “This was a mistake.”
Natasha stepped forward with her arms crossed. “If you didn’t do a thing to him, then what were you doing at Santa Monica Pier today?”
Bruce was laughing. He had never seen his fellow science bro this excited around kids before. Steve and Wanda were smiling at the softer side Tony was showing. Wanda only wished she hadn’t judged him badly before.
“Who are you all? And why would you throw me down the road?” a 4-year-old Tony Stark asked them. He was lying down on the road, and holding his elbow. His face was all scrunched up in pain.
Steve looked at the half open front door. He went out, ran down the porch and onto the road. He looked at all the directions. It was empty. There was a lady walking with her young daughter down the street. That was all. Steve pushed back his hair in frustration.
Tony nodded his head. “It's okay... but was… pretty terrible to have you come at me like that. Especially in front of everyone else.”
“Natasha told me,” Clint said, still thinking. “Okay, Karen helped us tick. There’s other members in the committee. And then…”
“They seem friendly,” Wanda said while looking at the seemingly healthy plants lined up neatly on the side of the lawn.
It was such a fun with the kids. He was so stressed out at first because he just didn’t know what to do. With danger looming and all his teammates turned into toddlers, he thought he was going to be all alone. But the girls, saviours really, were there. They provided him with such great support and help. All they were supposed to do was provide a safehouse for the Avengers for only a few days. Not take care of little kids who were wild and active and spend tons of money on clothes, toys, food and other necessary items for them. He knew he should have called Sam earlier. He also knew he should have sent the Avengers Assemble signal to Thor earlier, when Clint had first touched the stone. It was a mistake to delay; to send the signal on the same day he sent Sam the text message, urging him to come to Boston.
Steve was looking around him, at the crowd mingling with each other, when he spotted Spiderman looking out of the window. He was alone. Steve decided to check on him.
Linda ran down the stairs while Kayla ran out of the open kitchen. Steve was staring at Sam, wide-eyed. The other kids froze in front of Sam, even when their toys flew out.
Tony was assembling another piece of puzzle. He was an expert in this and loved it. He was seated on the couch, sandwiched between Bucky and Clint, who were watching him assemble the puzzle intently. He was all focused on putting the pieces together.
Steve turned to look at Jarvis, with more tears gathering in his eyes. “Jarvis,” he said softly. “I promise you that I’ll take good care of Tony, that even you’ll get jealous.”
“You also made Jarvis, the AI that runs the house. You have Friday, the other AI that runs your Iron Man suits,” Steve said, desperately trying to change the topic.
“He’s been a smart guy since such a young age!” Clint laughed. “Ow! That bas-mustard hit me with an ice. It ffu-lying hurts!”
She pulled him into a hug. Tony hugged back. For a brief moment, they held onto each other, tightly. Tony was fighting back the tears. Natasha knew he might breakdown at any moment. She let go of him, only to bend down to his eye level. She cupped his face with her palms.
Wanda slowly lifted the stone using her powers. She felt energy drawing out of the stone. It was threatening to go beyond the control of her powers. She felt it. She felt the strong urge to let go. She was panting. Bruce was watching her. He was just observing her, in surprise. Her hands were shaking. “I… I c… can’t,” she breathed. Her powers started to fade. She was trying and trying to keep it within her control. But every effort of hers was in vain.
“The armies are becoming difficult to push back, especially because they’re too big. The stones are still out there. Thor and I need to find them so that he can destroy them,” Tony replied.
Steve threw him an incredulous look. “Why would I slap a two-year-old kid?! And if you must know, it was one of the Frost Giants.”
There was no response from Friday either. Tony started to back away from that area when he started to hear the noise coming from the stair area.
“I’m great,” Tony tried to convince them. But his voice went a little high-pitched, which meant he needed to stabilize himself.
“So you’re awake, young man!” Steve said softly. Tony looked like he wasn’t going to sleep back any time. “Let’s go down.”
Kayla immediately sprang into action. She started by lifting Tony first. Sam took Clint. Thor placed his hammer on the floor and took Bruce. He couldn’t stop grinning at the little ones. Slowly, they shifted all the babies back to the cots. Steve got up and sighed.
“Bucky, do you think you could move your leg so I could sit here while watching Tony play?” Sam requested, nicely.
“It’s okay to feel the way you always feel, Clint,” Tony smiled. “Just let it out, okay? Anyways, we’re here to enjoy. So, no hard feelings against our big blondie?”
It would take exactly four minutes for the genius to figure out that the washed-out photograph was actually the polaroid photo Clint had given the younger version of him, and that the weird teddy bear was actually the Iron Man teddy bear Natasha had given to kid Tony.
“I saved Brooklyn,” Tony said while narrowing his eyes and looking at Steve like he should know better. “You’re so welcome for that by the way. I was pretty much the only one who could have reached there on time and stopped the crash.”
Natasha walked across the room to the glass paneled windows to look at the sea. The view was simply marvelous.
Tony traced Steve’s cheek with his palm. He slowly closed his eyes and his hand dropped. The others gathered around let out gasps. Steve quickly held onto Tony’s hand before it dropped fully.
More baby cots had arrived in the house. There were more baby clothes, food, toys and other necessary items. The girls didn’t mind spending some money for this.
Tony walked to where his bag was. On his way to it, he gave Carson a high-five. Tony looked for his phone. Once he found it, he texted Pepper, telling her that she and Happy were right. He had to focus on himself and maybe he could deal with whatever his past was about to throw at him. He smiled in relief, believing that he would emerge out of this stronger than before.
Jane instinctively clutched onto the papers, squeezing them. As a result, water oozed out of them, dropping onto the wooden floor.
“We will practice together once you keep learning the other basics,” Thor assured him. “Now, let us relax.”
Steve was just staring at the arm and so was Bucky. Tony took the arm and was already fitting it for him. He held his shoulders gently, while making sure the arm goes into place properly.
There were more scientists running from the right end of the hallway. Tony swung the hammer ferociously, hitting some of the scientists right onto their abdomen area. He also electrocuted some of them.
It was 10pm and the wave of paparazzi had died down. The six of them were walking down the street, to where their limousine was parked. Tony and Steve were walking in silence, already knowing what was going to happen once they got home. Steve didn’t know how he was going to take the 50-minute ride back home. Tony wished he wore pants that weren’t that fitting.
After a sigh, Clint spoke. “Look man, whatever I said in the raft prison, I hope you didn’t take it to heart. I was in a bad shape and I was pretty pissed getting arrested. And then you came, it just got messier. So I’m sorry.”
“I am done, my friends!” Thor’s loud voice suddenly came. It made Clint jerk awake and slide down the luggage back, landing butt first.
He greeted Tony politely, before Happy stepped in to do his job. He gave Tony a look, motioning for him to save his job.
“Jarbis, I have a question about Dr. Banner,” Tony said. “Everyone were saying how he has a Hulk and that the Hulk’s dangerous. Where is Dr. Banner keeping the Hulk?”
Thor and Clint remained there to send updates to the team about Tony’s condition. Steve was supposed to remain there too but he had been trying to enter Tony’s room and asked doctors for updates every two minutes. Natasha had
“Do any of them need a diaper change?” Kayla asked as she entered the house with several plastic bags. “Oh and how’s the stone?”
Bruce was looking at her. He raised one of his eyebrows, indicating that he wanted to know the answer.
He grabbed Mjolnir's handle, and whatever happened next to the AIM scientists, was worthy enough to be included in history.
As if on cue, there was a loud crash from one of the stores. Captain America jumped out of a broken window, with his shield held firmly in front of him. Black Panther and Ant Man landed beside Natasha and Tony.
A sudden memory rocked Tony from the inside out. He silently slipped out of the kitchen, managing to keep his tears at bay.
“We’ll take it from here,” Natasha said. She took the luggage from Linda, and Wanda took the luggage from Kayla. Before Natasha walked to the jet, she felt like saying something to the girls. “Thank you both of you, for your help. I’m sure Tony will do something for you guys so that you can call the Avengers any time you need help with anything. Thank you, again.”
Tony was pretty hard to feed too. He had accidentally kicked Steve twice while jumping around. Steve asked him to stay put using a firm voice and Bucky pulled Tony down. He landed butt-first on the floor.
“Okay they’re here!” Clint grinned at Steve who was pushing Tony’s wheelchair in. “F.R.I.D.A.Y, roll the movie!”
“And do you think I’m gonna just stand there and welcome them back to the States?” General Ross asked roughly. “They didn’t sign the Accords and-”
“No, I can wash this up myself and I’ll call Phil up in a while,” Jane shrugged him off. “You have your work. Please go.”
“It’s a reminder.” Bruce switched off the alarm. He placed his phone away and cupped his hands on his face.
By the time Tony returned back home to the Tower, it was 8pm. He had taken a well needed shower. Once he changed into shorts and t-shirt, was Tony able to sigh a sigh of relief. He couldn’t wait to go to bed.
“I didn’t have time, Cap!” Tony stood up, ready to argue. Well, in Tony’s defence, what he said wasn’t exactly untrue.
Writing a few of my favorite Marvel characters like Luke Cage, Jessica Jones, Danny, Matthew and Foggy was really fun. They're gonna play important roles in the story and I can't wait to see them in action!
“Clint, let me give you some advice,” Fisk went up to him. “Girls like Natasha should be earned, not just picked randomly, especially, by someone like you.”
Tony’s dry throat had caused him to cough, softly at first, but gradually louder. And then the movements started in the room. Bruce was the first to get up.
“Cap look out!” Tony warned him. Steve raised his shield just on time. A few scientists who were still standing, were firing at Steve, from the right end of the hallway. After the bullets stopped, Steve moved his shield down, and glared at the scientists. Captain America glaring at you would make you want to piss your pants, and that was exactly what the AIM scientists nearly did. Steve ran down the hallway to get them.
Gosh he was such a fine man with a heart of gold. He was everything Tony thought he'd never have, yet here they were, sitting at the Brooklyn Bridge Park at 11 in the morning.
And then Sam brought in the Captain America and Iron Man plushies Tony owned. The plushies chased the big bird away. Sam made various sounds. He made Carol and Claire squeal in joy. They thanked the plushies for their help and went to their animals.
Clint lost it. He clenched his fist and raised it, about to punch the living shit out of Fisk. But he came crashing down onto the floor, as a result, punching the air instead.
“Steeb,” baby Natasha turned to him. “Ish okee.” She gave his cheek a peck. He gave her forehead a kiss in return.
“You mean Hawkeye?” Sam raised an eyebrow. “The stone, did this?” Steve nodded again. Sam couldn’t believe it. But he decided to join the children once Clint started to babble to him.
After a ten second ride down, both the cars were parked in front of one another. The 6 of them were sitting together, closely, at the edge of the cliff, shaking their legs. They were passing around the box full of strawberries while chatting with one another. Natasha looked down, and the height didn’t even seem to faze her. She simply shook her legs and looked at the sea.
“Pun!!” Tony and Bruce said at the same time. The gave each other a fist bump while Clint, looking frazzled, jogged to where their car was parked.
“I’ll take some later,” Howard said. After rinsing his glass, he wiped it with the cloth that was on the kitchen counter. He was still holding onto the glass when he was walking towards the exit. “Oh and Tony?”
“Access denied,” Jarvis replied smoothly. Tony was completely taken aback, hearing Jarvis’ voice.  “Voice recognition failed. Proceed to thumbprint access.”
Tony looked away. “I guess I just wanted to you know… tell you that I guess we can start again…? So many things have happened between us and I realize, there are threats out there that’ll require us to be united. Can we you know… start again?”
As the dust cleared, Steve saw that there was no movement at all. No army came out of the portal and the heroes were either sitting or lying down on the road. Hulk and Luke Cage were pretty much the only ones still standing. Plus it was eerily quiet.
“Yeah,” Bruce nodded. “I need to brief the team about this before anyone touches and becomes young.”
The automatic doors slid open and the six of them came outside. Bruce smiled as he breathed in the LA scent. Clint and Natasha were smiling. Thor and Steve were looking around, taking in the scene of people boarding and exiting the cabs.
Jarvis was surprised at how Steve had called Tony’s dad by his name. “Uh, yes Master Rogers. He is at his office.”
Inside, Tony was hugging the teddy bear and the polaroid photo. He looked around, feeling nervous. He would have loved to bring Cap with him. He could prove to his dad that he was worthy of the Stark mantle after all. And then they all could live happily with one another.
“In a few hours,” Thor assured him with a smile. He stood up from his chair. “I would like to take a break. Perhaps, walk around or get food. I have been sitting here with Clint for a very long time.”
He then did a little ballet move, followed by a series of body shakes that had Steve laughing till his belly began to hurt.
“Nowhere to run,” the man laughed. “Oh Tony Stark, AIM will have you now and we would like to thank you in advance for your services.” He walked in front of the stairway door and blocked it.
When Steve heard this, he knew Tony was going to do something stupid. “Tony… we are going to come up with a new plan to get Nightshade-”
“You can reach East Somerville within 4 hours,” Vision said smoothly. Sam raised his eyebrows, but nodded his head.
The Frost Giant had pushed Kayla with such a force, that she landed near the stairs, her face hitting one of the balusters hard. She collapsed, with a nose bleed.
“Is there a problem?” the cashier asked from his post, as their table was fairly near the cashier counter.
“I don’t think it’s a coincidence,” Steve replied. “I heard screams and thuds from our communal level. Plus, the AIs are down.”
“Dude, this is sick!” Clint gasped. He walked around the silver one, touching the shiny skin and marveling at it.
“Hey, ok ok what do you want, my little girl?” Tony was carrying Natasha now. She was desperately trying to do something, but Tony couldn’t figure out what.
Before Tony could answer, Steve pulled him to their bed and tossed him onto it. Tony couldn’t even register the impact because of how aroused he was. Steve was on top, still stroking his boyfriend’s hard cock, wanting to see him come.
“I reacted that way because I couldn’t believe what that video was showing me,” he continued to speak. “I just needed to know.”
“Damn,” Tony whispered. “Whatever it was, should have been in the server. Obi’s transactions and stuff…”
“Ugh I’m already missing kid Tony,” Clint interrupted. “At least he didn’t do the cost talks with us.”
He flew up to where the situation room was, past the wall of fame. That was Tony’s idea, to hang photos of the team taken years earlier. All of them at least have a light smile on their faces. Oh, those good times...
Satisfied that the press people had bought their story, the team walked into the elevator. Once the doors shut, they sighed a huge sigh of relief.
A week later, Tony decided to clean his room. He also took that opportunity to move some of his stuff to Steve’s room permanently, so that he wouldn’t have to run up and down when looking for his stuff.
“Oh, the Captain America and Iron Man plushies which Tony adored!” Linda laughed. Rhodey snorted at that, while Tony squeezed his eyes shut. “The other baby bear doll, which is chocolate brown, was the one Bucky loved. Wanda, your favorite blanket and Brucey, your animal toys.”
The other Avengers gathered there shook their heads, but weren’t exactly surprised. Steve and Tony argued all the time like having hot sex anyway.
“I’m ready. So glad the quinjet still has many of my arrows,” Clint said. He was already holding his bow and was inserting his arrows into his quiver.
Hey everyone! I hope you guys are fine. Thank you for all your support so far, I really appreciate them. :)
It was glowing, with energy sparks flying out, and Thor could hear the sound of thunder. The next thing he knows, Mjolnir took flight, and smashed his door and flew right away.
Tony felt like he was on autopilot as he placed his thumb on the pad to let it scan. But then he remembered the time Clint decided to prank on Tony by letting Vision speak to Tony, as if he was an AI. Tony relaxed when he realized it might be the same prank again. If Vision was back… that meant Rhodey’s back too!! Tony was happy about this prospect. And Vision acting as Jarvis and locking him outside was the twist to it; damn Clint, you gotta get more creative.
“This would have been new for Bucky,” Steve laughed. “But honestly, thank you Tony. I don’t know why you’re doing this for me, for us. A few years ago, I wouldn’t have thought I would meet you and have a chance to dine with the person I love a lot. I gotta thank you for that.”
He dragged himself to the gym, and nearly fell asleep during the training. At one point, he left Friday on auto-pilot for his suit and closed his eyes. Clint’s arrow had hit the suit and it came crashing down, waking Tony up from his two-minute slumber.
Tony let out a little giggle, and jogged back to the stairs. He still felt Steve’s cool lips on his forehead. He happily walked down the stairs, thinking about how fun eating at a restaurant with his friends was going to be.
Thor did some fake karate moves and accidentally backhand slapped Clint’s face. Bruce’s eyebrows shot up, while the rest of them stopped walking.
He saw Steve adjusting his hair in front of the mirror. And he felt butterflies in his stomach. Steve looked so good in professional clothes. And Tony couldn’t help but feel himself getting hard the more he looked at Steve. He brushed that thought off, because his pants was just right, and a hard-on now will make everything tighter.
“I’ll see you two and Chippy soon,” Sam smiled. He gave the dog a little pat on his head. “Thank you, Lindy and Kay-Kay. Take care for now. I need to speed this back to Manhattan!”
“Please tell me we will be visiting the theme park soon,” Thor said, while taking a bite from his lobster bisque.
“No,” Tony said firmly. “Thor, it’s yours. I… I can’t do it. I’ve made weapons in the past that killed others… I can’t. Maybe if I need to I will but now, I’ll let Mjolnir be with you.”
Before walking out of the room, Sam gave Rhodey a fist bump. He patted Vision on the back, which made the android smile.
The six of them took the wristbands and examined it. They knew they were going to have a very enjoyable time together at the theme park. Tony thanked Jarvis and told his friends to change up quickly. They were all sharing one car today, and were headed for the Santa Monica Pier.
Natasha was looking at Tony while Wanda was looking at Bucky. She felt as if everyone had their regrets. She saw the tears in Bucky's eyes when Tony was watching the footage of his parents. She saw Steve stopping Tony. She also saw Tony's face after realizing that Steve knew about his parents all along. She saw Steve dropping his shield and walking away with Bucky, who had lost his metal arm.
It’s 6 in the evening. The sky was a beautiful orange with patches of pink appearing here and there.
All the Avengers gathered around Tony. He was hugging the teddy bear and posed for the photo. Clint took the first polaroid and kept it. He took another one, this time, with all of them grinning. He decided to give that to Tony.
Tags will be updated as the story goes on. I decided to stick with members of the OG 6 on earth-3490 too because I really love the OG6, and it's more fun to write them. Honestly, the interactions between Steve, Tony and earth-3490 Avengers is gonna be quite fun!
“Remember Tony, I love you so much,” Steve said softly. He pulled Tony to him, giving him a full hug. Tony hugged back and did his best to capture this moment in his mind eye. He felt the warmth radiating from Steve, the material of his cotton grey shirt, his breath ghosting down his neck, the way his hug felt and even his smell. Tony noted it all.
“The Falcon will see to that,” Coulson said, still sounding patient. “As I was saying, the plan is to sneak up on Nightshade. So, you don’t have to suit up but bring your weapons. Reinforcements need to be suited up.”
“What?!” Tony said. “Thor! There is a Frost Giant trying to take away the stone in Strange’s place. Get on him now! Heads up guys, the leader is in the Spanish café.”
Bruce and Thor joined them after taking a good afternoon nap. Thor got really excited when he saw what both Clint and Natasha were doing. Natasha was kind enough to let Thor have a chance to challenge Clint. She was waiting for the remote but gave up after 10 minutes.
Tony gulped. He must have seen Steve hugging Tony at the rooftop. Of course, there were security cameras installed everywhere. And how long would it take for Howard to access one of them and look at what his son was up to?
Steve clearing his throat and shifting around while watching Tony move around in that tank top covered in grease had not gone unnoticed by Tony.
By now, Tony knew was in the future, his adult-self became a super hero, his good friends’ names were Ceen Bartton, Nataasha aka Nat, Stee Rogers, Buce Banner aka Doctor Banner and Thor, an actual demi-God, and that his company actually did manage to make flying cars, but were not for sale, yet.
After dinner, Tony was sitting down with Natasha on the couch. They both were watching cartoons, with Tony commenting on how much the animation had changed. Tony said he really loved the Scooby-Doo series and he was in for a pleasant surprise when a cartoon channel played the 1960s version. He was glued to the TV screen, with Natasha making sure Tony was fine and no danger was lurking around him.
Clint is thinking if he should reconnect with his brother Barney Barton. Also, he and Natasha make a heartbreaking decision.
“Yeah I do. I made a video compilation out of them and it’s in my phone. I was about to give it to you guys tomorrow morning,” Linda replied.
Both of them held each other’s hands and started walking down the bridge, into the beautiful urban wilderness that was Central Park.
“Hey, hey,” Steve said softly, smiling. “I’m not angry at you, Tony. We needed you to stop. That’s why I had to raise my voice. Come here.” He ruffled Tony’s hair.
“Is everything okay, sir?” the maître d came over and asked Steve, making Steve nearly jump up from his chair.
He got out of bed and immediately threw some clothes on himself. The fast movements made him groan, because of what he went through last night. And he could barely walk to the walk-in closet. He had to waddle his way there.
“Please take care, Captain. I am still not sure about Barnes,” T’Challa spoke. His hands were behind his back.
“No… It is too risky. These beasts might attack Earth just for the stone. And I can’t let that happen.” Thor was about to drag Bruce out.
“While the three of you argued, I took that distraction as an opportunity to take the last one. Sometimes, you have to be smart, Clint,” Natasha said while munching.
“Stowy, Tonee.” Clint ordered. He was trying to reach out for a book while being on Tony’s firm arms.
“No.” Banner replied. “He couldn’t give an exact time. When he sent me to the Bifrost, Asgard was under massive attack from the Frost Giants. They were looking for this stone.” He pointed at it.
“We haven’t even started, Natasha,” Steve sighed. Natasha let out a chuckle and nudged at Steve's side.
Steve lifted his head up so that he could wipe his tears away. “I was scared to open up to all of you. So I delayed it and now I’m paying.”
caught. Tony, if you can scan for locations of the cybernauts, give us a heads up. Avengers Assemble!!”
He heard the steady beeps from the heart monitors beside him. The room he was in was too bright. The bed he was placed on was too uncomfortable. The smell of coffee was pretty much the first thing that had hit him; he could practically taste it. Also, he was not alone.
“Is that a… baby Bucky?” Wanda asked, looking down. Both of them were astonished at what they were staring at.
Will Clint and Natasha be paired up together? And how is Tony going to go forward with his theater module? Please drop a comment if you have any feedback! :)
“We were lucky Doctor Strange came in time. He was the one who checked your cheek after the slap. His red Cloak was attracted to you and Clint, when you both were de-aged.”
He jogged to the elevator, praying that it would still be here. He kept pushing the elevator button. Tony hoped that Steve was still in the lab and not coming out to talk to him.
Tony took his visitor badge and made his way to the gantry that led to the elevators. The security guards greeted him enthusiastically.
“We need to get Chinese!” Clint declared, leaning against Bruce. The rest of them stopped walking, and stood around. “It’s been too long, okay! And Tony, you had fish and chips only yesterday!”
They went back in after firmly patting the soil the stone was under. Linda helped place the shovels back while Steve went to sit under the fan, with the babies. His hands were shaking. He still couldn’t believe he had managed to bury the stone without a problem. It all seemed to surreal, too easy.
After twenty minutes of waiting and dealing with all the attention he had received due to his presence, Tony made it back up to his office level. In the CEO’s office, there was a designated casual space where two black leather couches were, along with a coffee table. Tony decided to sit there and eat his lunch.
Bruce did not want to turn green. He just wanted to get out of there. Thor told him to exit Asgard. But before he ran to the Bifrost, he went past the sacred garden. He remembered Thor telling him about the stones and where the other half was hidden. He went into the sacred garden. It was buried near a small pond. Bruce dug it out. He decided to take it with him so that the Frost Giants will not be so powerful. He saw a tiny crack on the stone but that didn't change his mind.
Steve turned to look at the others. Bruce, who was beside Steve, was hugging his blanket and still had his eyes closed. At the left side, Thor was also sleeping with his head hanging low. His right leg was stretched out all the way to the aisle. Natasha and Clint were cuddling each other and were looking out of the window.
Tony got up and hugged Steve, burying his face into Steve’s neck. He was crying more now. Steve gave Tony’s cheek a kiss while trying to calm him down. He slowly walked back to where his team was gathered, careful not to fall into the hole.
“We need to find him and test out this…” a man dressed in an ugly yellow suit opened the stairway door, that was right beside the kitchen. “There he is! Get him!”
Tony sighed and leaned back, resting his head Steve’s shoulder. He closed his eyes as he munched on a popcorn.
“You can do better than this,” Clint gave him a pat on his back and tried to say it with a straight face. But he couldn’t. Each of them started to laugh again and Steve game them a light-hearted scowl.
“I know,” a guilty looking Clint agreed. “I remember doing that out of curiosity. But I didn’t know Nat and Bucky would change.”
Tony sighed, knowing he had already lost. “Fine. My dad was a dick to me. But it’s fine because that phase of my life is done. Agent Carter, I knew her as aunt Peggy. She always dropped by when I was younger and brought me out with Jarvis. She was like… my saving grace.”
Tony turned to look at him. “He is fine. Recovering. I mean, the exoskeleton is helping him a lot. He is at the Tower with Vision now.”
The Doctor was ruffling Tony’s hair to make him stop crying. He checked the cheek, which was very red. There was no blood and there was nothing serious. Clint was holding Tony. Just then, Doctor Strange’s red cloak lifted up by itself. It swung around and gave the Frost Giant a strong blow, making Doctor Strange levitate for a few seconds. It knocked the wind out of the Giant as he flew and fell near the basement door.
“Don’t even think of blaming yourself for whatever that happened,” Steve said, the sincerity glowing in his eyes.
When Steve and company reached home, they immediately ran into the mansion. Jarvis smiled at them, but he realized Tony wasn’t there with them.
But after a few seconds, his lips curved into a smile. He was mirroring Steve’s expression and when Steve realized this, his heart melted. Steve wasn’t aware of the tears that formed in his eyes.
“The stone alone can de-age or wipe a person out of existence, and if used correctly, it can even open portals to other worlds. It can only get worse if combined.” Bruce let out a sigh. “But there is a catch. The stone in its single form is weak.”
The attic door was wide open. And sprawled on the floor, were Tony, Wanda and Chippy. Steve heaved a huge sigh of relief. He walked in and sat down in front of them. He saw that Tony and Wanda were quietly doing a puzzle together. They were doing this while lying down beside one another. There were tools scattered around them too. But that looked like it was long abandoned.
“And that time when Natasha drove the convertible to the strawberry stall?” Clint asked, his eyes wide.
Steve nodded. He was looking outside the window which was a few meters in front of him. He was looking at the orange sky, which had a bit of navy blue hue mixed with it. His gaze seemed, faraway.
Tony’s cheeks went beet red. But what he found even more unbelievable was the fact that Howard actually had a photo of him in his office. For someone who hadn’t cared about Tony for a long time, that was easily an odd behavior.
Tony raised an eyebrow. “You know, I’m not gonna judge because point number one, you’re my friend and number two, nearly everyone takes things seriously and likes to win.”
Steve looked out of the store just in time to witness Natasha dive towards the de-aged T’Challa. She grabbed the young boy and landed at the other side of the road, bringing him away from the line of fire.
Tony took the box full of strawberries, and the others followed him. “We’re driving a couple of meters down.”
All six of them got up. Natasha and Thor had to help Clint up, as his legs were shaking. Steve helped Tony up and they all slowly walked to the cars.
“Tony is alright,” Doctor Strange said when Steve sat beside him. “He needs sleep. In fact, all of them do.” Steve nodded. The babies were tired by now.
“Yes,” Professor Williams smiled apologetically. “The group project naturally carries the most weightage, with 60% percent of your grade. And then there’ll be two individual assignments, one of which is for you to present to me a unique item in your possession and the other is a simple quiz.”
“Oh no,” he muttered. He started to conjure the strongest shield he could. Wanda and Sue followed suit but was stopped by the Doctor himself. “No, if the purple wave hits either one of your shields, you could de-age or get wiped out of existence. I’ll handle this.”
“Tonee.” Clint was looking at him expectantly. Tony didn’t know what he wanted. He didn’t have that much of an experience with toddlers. But once Clint stretched his arms out, Tony couldn’t help but grin.
Hey everyone, how are all of you? I hope you are having, or going to have a great a weekend ahead of you!
Steve turned to face Bucky. He let out a smile and walked back. Tony knew Bucky was looking at him. But he didn’t turn. He didn’t want to turn.
The screen near the pilot seat lit up. Tony looked up briefly before turning to the screen. While Steve turned away.
Little Peter slowly placed his palm on Tony’s forehead. He wiped away the mixture of blood and sweat from Tony’s temple, which was rolling down. He brought his palm down and traced his goatee, before placing it on his cheek. Tony tilted his head and rested it on Peter’s tiny palm. He let out a contented sigh. Peter took his other hand and placed it on the other cheek. He was looking at Tony’s goatee, in astonishment.
Tony leaned in closer, his heart hammering against his rib-cage. This was happening. This was so happening. He could feel Steve’s warmth, he could even smell his aftershave. He was so close to him and this was what Tony had desired all along, but was too scared to admit. Apparently it was what Steve had wanted too.
Tony sighed. He really didn’t have the energy to argue with his dad. “It’s my wish. I do what I want and I date whoever I want. I have work to do, dad, please step out of my way.”
“F.R.I.D.A.Y, how is our fuel capacity doing?” Tony questioned the AI. He was writing something down furiously.
“Alcohol, Master Stark,” Jarvis replied, with a somber tone. “It does things to people and changes them, despite them thinking it’s a way out of their stress and sorrows.”
Bruce heaved out a huge sigh. His worst fear was the stone having more cracks than what it already had. He knew that he was lucky enough not to turn into his younger self when he came to earth from Asgard. Definitely the ride back must have taken a toll on the stone, there
“Thor heads up!” Doctor Strange spoke up. “Jessica has been de-aged into a teenage girl! Give her the cure. She’s not going to be the only one. Tony and Scott are in that convenience store. Get them back.”
Thanks to the Bifrost, Bruce Banner was transported back to Earth. He knew it was stupid of him to ignore Natasha and fly off to God knows where. But he somehow arrived in Asgard. Thor showed him around. Bruce did feel peaceful in Asgard. However, he had this constant feeling that he needed to go home. He was glad Ultron was destroyed. And then a Civil War occurred which split up his team into two factions.
The girls were carrying a red velvet sponge cake to the table. Once placed down, Linda lit up a big number 2 candle. It was two since Tony got de-aged.
Behind her, Bucky was running too to help Clint out as Tony hadn’t elaborated on what Clint was going through.
Tony could feel it easily. He felt the mood shift in Clint and saw beyond the smile he had, that he was actually sad he had lost the game. And Tony didn’t really appreciate the fact that only he had seen this, while the others were trying to calm Thor down.
“But you love us!!” Tony turned to him. When Clint had a little pout and wasn’t replying, Tony went up to his face. “You love us right, right, right?”
“I don’t know what else can explain his sudden disappearance,” Bruce added. He and Thor were walking back after going around the entire amusement park searching for Tony.
Pepper laughed out loud. “Look, I promised an old friend of mine that I’ll meet her for lunch today. So I have to go now. But… are you sure you don’t wanna go back to the Tower? I’m sure Doctor Banner whipped up something-”
“Just…” he scratched his head. “Uh, Happy here is scared he’ll be demoted because of the Hydra fiasco.”
“I mean, he can’t just come here and arrest you guys,” Tony tried assuring them. “But he’ll make attempts.”
“The match of a lifetime. The game of the century!” Clint said dramatically. “Basically, Thor and I are playing Badminton and you and Tony should watch us.”
“Wait,” Tony said before grabbing Steve’s arm. Steve stopped walking and looked at Tony’s hand on his arm, without saying anything. Tony knew that Steve could easily yank out of his grip. But he didn’t. Tony released his grip. “Hey uh Steve… I just wanted to um… I’m sorry I snapped at you.”
“You dare!” the Frost Giant shouted. He pushed Steve to where Kayla was and Steve had to make sure he didn’t land on the girl. She was watching the entire incident. She felt weak but was slowly getting up. She really wanted to pull Clint to her.
“I’ll do the diapers and clothes for all of them.” Kayla said while running up the stairs with the plastic bags.
It looked like stalemate just a second ago. But one second was a long time. Because the next thing the heroes know, the armies of Frost Giants walked out of the portal.
Tony stepped on the gas pedal and turned the car around, speeding off. The other three standing near their silver Audi could hear Clint’s “woohoo” fading away.
Tony’s face was covered with tears. When he realized that, he immediately wiped his face using the sleeves of his sweatshirt. Bucky’s eyes had tears too. He stepped forward.
“Nat,” Steve started. “While you all got de-aged, the stone was activated. So the leader of the Frost Giants sent one of his kind to negotiate with us…” Steve went on to tell her the entire story. Her eyes widened at the recollection. She got angry because her teammates, her good friends were attacked at their most vulnerable state. Her hand automatically went to baby Tony’s cheek. She rubbed it softly and then ruffled his hair. Baby Tony leaned into her touch, which made her smile.
“Here, drink this,” Bruce said. Natasha pressed a button and the bed moved up, slightly, sending Tony to a sitting position. Bruce carefully placed the straw in his mouth and Tony started to drink.
They entered Reed’s lab, and Tony was awed at the cube. The schematics showed only a small cube and Tony hadn’t thought much of it. Now, it was huge and had an antenna like rod sticking at the top. The cube was translucent but different colors were flashing in it, like pink and orange.
“Ah, so it’s like a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde personality,” Tony spoke to himself. He scanned through the S.H.I.E.L.D reports, and one particular information stood out. “Jarbis, remind me to ask Dr. Banner about-”
“I added sugar and the powder, just like how we do it in our apartment,” Thor shrugged. He tried the coffee and nearly dropped the pot. “I apologize friends. I think I may have poured salt in this instead of sugar.”
“Anyway, this gas has the capability to tear through the fabric of space and time when placed in the machine. AIM developed something smart but didn’t know how to use it well.”
“F.R.I.D.A.Y, set course to East Somerville,” Tony spoke. He clicked on some buttons and adjusted some switches.
He then pulled Tony to his side and gave his forehead a kiss. Tony wrapped his arms around his boyfriend and rested his head on his chest. Both of them were standing there and were staring into the horizon. Tony closed his eyes and enjoyed the summer breeze kissing his face.
Steve looked at his boyfriend, wondering what Tony was trying to do. If he was trying to rile Steve up, then it was slightly working.
“How did this happen?” Natasha sighed. She picked up baby Clint. He was hugging his big bird doll. He gave Natasha a little grin.
“We wrapped them using some towels. We need to get them clothes, food and all the necessary things.” Kayla spoke, looking very flustered. Bruce nodded. “Linda and I have babysitting experience. We can handle them.”
“Don’t worry Thor,” Natasha said. “Once you’re absolutely free, you can go back to Iceland and come back to school.”
Steve was about to counter that when Thor walked to them with a freshly brewed pot of coffee. “Try this, friends!” he said enthusiastically.
Steve tipped the shovel, so the stone dropped into the little hole they dug for it. The stone dropped. Linda and Steve braced themselves for anything that could happen. But nothing changed. Both of them were still there. Steve let out a sigh of relief.
After an hour of playing hide-and-seek, literally, AIM gave up. Some scientists surrendered while others were forcefully taken into custody. S.H.I.E.L.D stepped in and took control of the investigation. They had obtained the weapon, and were gathering all the scientists around their security vans.
He saw the pink smoke emerge from the side and knew it was time. He closed his eyes and thought about Steve.
He went to the back of his lab. Steve heard a metal clanking against another metal. He heard Tony grunting and finally pulling out something metallic.
Natasha reached the road side shop after a few more minutes. She stopped the car and killed the engine. The three of them got out and were startled when they heard Clint’s voice.
He looked down from level two to check if his friends were hanging out in the living room. There was no one. He ran up to the Wii station, to find that empty too. He stood on the stairs and scratched his head. He decided to find for Jarvis.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y,” Tony said quietly, to himself in the armor. “We need the good Captain to strategize our moves. I need to look at the science stuff here. Will he come?” He sounded like he lost all hopes for a second.
“No look,” he stopped her. “I know I gave you a hard time. I'm still mad. But I know I made you suffer too. I'm sorry.”
Steve’s full attention was on her. His enhanced hearing helped him listen to her while the others were still arguing.
Tony stood up and pushed Howard to the ground. He was taken aback by his son’s sudden harsh movements. He kept giving his son a look that was a mixture of a glare and a look of surprise.
“You know, the Accords are still there. But it depends on you guys,” Rhodey shrugged. “Tony and I have been talking to Ross. But there’s only so much we can do.”
There was a small crowd gathered behind them, slightly further away. Some men who were among the crowd, were taking pictures of Tony.
“Alright, I’m gonna examine some stuff,” Tony said. He took the tablet and started swiping around the screens.
When Clint couldn’t hit it up on time, he sighed dramatically. “How can he smash it!!!!?” Clint shouted.
Steve turned back to walk to the penthouse. He recalled the entire conversation that had just taken place and started to laugh.
“Just like the good old days, right Steve?” Tony stretched. Steve kicked the room door shut. “Chinese takeout and a movie.”
Tony screamed and jumped up, bouncing on the bed. His hair was extremely messy, and his eyes were wide open.
“So I came here to tell you that.” Natasha stood up. “Get ready. We’re all going to the medical unit now.”
“Nah, I think I’ll eat whatever Ana has for us,” Bruce said. “I saw you got uncomfortable when they spoke about water. I came to your defense and yeah, that happened.”
“AIM already has one,” Bruce replied. “They managed to make one mini version of it and that’s with me. It’s the gun that they were using yesterday. I examined it, studied it. I even interrogated the AIM guy. So within two hours, I managed to come up with a makeshift machine myself, with the help of the leader.”
“You three will have to make breakfast for us tomorrow,” Tony said. He jumped off the hood and walked to where the guy selling the strawberries was seated. “We’ll talk to Ana about that later.”
Tony began to moan uncontrollably, and he was writhing already. Steve chose this moment to place a finger into Tony, and straight away hit his sweet spot. Tony let out a little scream when he felt Steve’s finger hit right at home. Steve curled his finger in his boyfriend, and kept hitting his sweet spot.
It took Tony a total of 2 seconds to realize that he was staring right into Steve’s soul in the kitchen. Natasha had left a long time ago.
Even Clint who was on the roof started to run to another roof. Daredevil joined him within a few seconds. He grabbed Clint and they both jumped over a building to another. They landed quite gracefully.
He found himself walking up to the room where the babies were. The room door was ajar. He heard water running in the bathroom. Knowing that Kayla was out of the room, he went in. All the babies were fast asleep. Steve walked towards Clint’s cot. It was near the window and was the first one.
“What the heck happened?” Clint asked. “Did he like… have a bad stomach and stay in the toilet or something?”
Tony caught the hammer. He called down lightning and slammed the hammer onto the AIM guy that was holding his ankle. Tony then scrambled to where the couch was and climbed onto it. Once he passed Mjolnir back to Thor, he watched the others fighting the AIM personnel with fervor. And he was still wondering what quality he had that enabled him to join this group of heroes.
Thor decided to soften the stone first. He was kneeling while holding it and submerged it into the Puddle. It was already seven minutes and the stone only showed little signs of softening. Tony and Scott were sitting on two separate big rocks, in front of the protective eyes of Thor.
“-goes on and does his own thing! What’s he up to anyway? Tony, what the fuck do you think you’re doing?”
“Tony,” Rhodey’s voice came through instead of his AI's. “I’m looking at the alley with the help of your girl and details forwarded by Sam from Redwing. The stone and leader
Tony looked at his group of friends sitting around and eating Mexican food, all looking at him for affirmation. He didn’t want to involve them in case something was
Little Tony slowly looked up, eyes red with tears threatening to fall. “I’m… I’m… sorry, Cap,” he whispered.
He smiled at the padlock before standing up. It was nice to see a declaration of love early in the morning. It felt refreshing, actually.
In the footage, both Rhodey and Sam were trying to cook something. They were examining the pan, as if doing a science experiment. Rhodey was cranking up the heat when the pan suddenly caught fire. Sam and Rhodey screamed in high pitch voices, like girls, and Sam pulled Rhodey to the side. The fire shot up all the way to the ceiling, which prompted the AI to activate the sprinklers. Vision had also entered the kitchen. There was panic written all over his Android features.
“You’re really into the corporate life today,” she noted with a smile. “I feel like I fell into another dimension.”
Clint also loves throwing rings onto cones. He only missed once, and that was when Bucky accidentally bumped into him when Natasha pushed him.
“Alright we make this fair then,” Bruce spoke up. He joined Tony to pick a film. “We plan a strategy and then we watch a movie.”
“It’s an irony that you’re talking about living a lie, considering you vomit each time you do,” Steve chuckled.
Back at the Tower, the Hulk had grabbed Thor. Mjolnir and Tony were already headed towards the broken window.
Natasha turned sharply turn to look at Clint. She adjusted herself and gave Clint’s shin a kick. As he was sitting right beside her, the kick landed hard. Clint howled in pain and fell back, while the others were torn between laughing and helping Clint up.
Steve finally stood up. He stretched pretty loudly. This caught Tony’s attention. He turned to look at Steve, who let out a sigh and turned towards the pilot seat. They both made eye contact, just staring into each other’s soul.
It was as if Tony was in a cave. His father’s voice was muffled. Everything was slowly turning grey, and Tony suddenly realized that he was holding his breath. He quickly opened the door and slammed it shut.
Tony and his close friends huddled together on his bed as the opening of a Thai horror movie started to play on the big TV screen.
Tony looked back up just in time to catch a Frost Giant running towards them. The Giant jumped up and was ready to punch the boy.
Tony appreciated the components of the module. While he was stressed about starting this class, Tony had prepared himself by reading the course materials, lesson plans and components that would contribute to his grades. He understood what Professor Williams was talking about. Well, with Thor by his side, he was surely gonna score well in this module, or at least he hoped so.
“Arghhh,” Rhodey grunted. He adjusted himself so that he was now seated properly on the floor. “I’m okay, I’m okay.” He panted.
Hi guys! Here's the next chapter for this story. I promise the next few chapters will kick start the action!
Tony shrugged, laughing a self-deprecating laugh. “Look at me, Steve. I’m so fucked up. You don’t deserve someone who is so broken and needs fixing. You need someone who is good for you, for your soul. I’m not it.”
After feeding, Steve came back down. He was fascinated by how Bruce slept through the whole ordeal. The last thing Steve heard before falling asleep was Tony landing onto the couch with a ‘thud’.
“I hope Bruce is working on the cure,” Fury said on the other end. “I’m having difficulty talking to Strucker. All he revealed so far was that the liquid was going to be used as a purification to cleanse this City.”
Steve was carrying both Clint and Bucky upstairs while Kayla carried baby Natasha. The babies were drooling and seemed bored.
“Yes, and how did I end up upstairs? I was at the base… We have babies in the house now?” Wanda asked. She couldn’t help but smile at them.
“Sorry to interrupt, but why are our heavy hitters backup?” Tony asked, frowning. “I can do air reconnaissance.”
One of the AIM guys was thrown to where Tony was standing. He landed at Tony’s feet. Tony quickly moved back, but stopped when he realized he was standing at the edge, near the broken window. He had also accidentally kicked a few pieces of glass below.
Once he lifted Mjolnir, 4-year-old Tony felt the power surging through him. He forgot everything about being worthy and all. Right now, he was focused on saving his own ass from these men dressed in ugly yellow suits.
Steve then held onto the ice pack, and Maria let go. She wiped her tears and turned to Ana. “I’ll be back for dinner.” She gave her son a kiss and walked out of the kitchen.
Steve stood up. “Sure. Just, take care of them.” He turned to the boys. “Oh, Scott and Tony, this is Thor. A teammate and friend of mine. You can trust him, he’s a pretty funny guy and he’s a God.”
Bruce went towards the nearest pile. Mustering up enough courage, he managed to lift the clothes up.
All the shields broke and nearly everyone there fell down, including the Frost Giants. The buildings were still standing, but glass windows shattered, trees were uprooted and the street now had a big hole with the courtesy of Thor. A car had a small explosion that rocked that entire area. Doors from the buildings were completely annihilated. Thank God, the civilians were out of there.
Steve slowly started to straighten up. He caressed Tony’s cheeks and had his eyes closed. Tony was sliding off the bed. But he didn’t care. A moment like this might never come back again as Steve and the others might go back into hiding. So Tony gave everything he got.
“Right,” Obadiah turned his attention back to the blueprint. He cleared his throat. “You cooked this up in 4 hours?”
Clint huffed and got ready to play again. And the heated game went on for the next half-an-hour, with Clint and Thor taking leads multiple times.
Steve snorted as he plopped down on the other couch, with Natasha nicely placed on his lap. “Yeah they’re all heavily under my influence.”
They were just about to kiss when Tony felt the wind beat against him, hard. His focus went to the people who were standing around him. All of them were looking up. The sky was so blue, why was the place darkening like it was gonna rain? Tony instinctively looked up, so did Steve.
“I’m pairing up with Natasha for the dance competition. And also, there’s an archery competition coming up. Man, I’m gonna be so busy.” Clint stretched.
Now that was new. Usually he tried to spend time in the lab, completing project after project. But after a day’s worth of work and Hydra’s serum making him puke, all he wanted to do was sleep it off.
“I’m a fugitive right now. In fact, I shouldn’t even have entered the United States. Captain America is this… I don’t think I should hold the shield while being a fugitive, Tony. You were kind of right when you said I didn’t deserve the shield.”
And this time, he reached out for Mjolnir and grabbed it. A streak of lightning hit the hammer, powering it up.
Tony’s eyes widened to a whole new level. Top in his entire cohort?! Damn. This was what he wanted to hear, especially thinking about how badly he would be doing for his theater module.
“He’s fine,” she replied, blushing a little. “Plus he’s your best friend so you can ask him that yourself.”
Natasha was seated on the floor with Bruce, while Clint braided her hair in the name of taking a break. Natasha looked up at Clint and sent him a flying kiss as a thank you. He pretended to have caught it and placed it at his heart. Both Clint and Natasha burst out laughing at their actions, and Clint joined Natasha on the floor, pulling her closer to him. She rested her head on his chest and closed her eyes, feeling a calm settle within her.
“Oh, hey Tony,” Reed let out a nervous laugh as he turned to his good friend. “Welcome to the headquarters of the Fantastic Four.”
“No,” Daredevil firmly said. “No, he didn’t. I still can hear his heartbeat. But it’s faint. He needs medical attention soon.”
“Yeah. He seems to plan to do something bigger. Which I wanted to let you know. Phil Coulson has already let the team know about this.”
“Someone who cares about your son more than you do,” Steve glared at him. “And how dare you hit him.”
“Doctor Strange?” Steve said. But before he could say another word, the Frost Giant had grabbed him by his neck. He sneered before punching Steve on his stomach.
“But do you think there was someone else who could have… instigated the leader to make him get the stones?” Bruce asked.
Little Tony gave the good Captain another hug. This time, Steve held the little boy closer to him. He was slowly patting Tony’s back. He wished he wasn’t frozen so that he could have spent a good amount of time with little Tony. But nothing can be changed. So Steve held onto Tony a little longer. Before withdrawing, he gave the boy’s wet cheek a kiss. He wiped away his tears and cupped his face with his hands.
“Tony,” Thor set his burger down. “Only Steven can decide whether he wants you or not. If you have feelings for Steven, then you tell him. You cannot decide his love for you just because you think you are unworthy of it.”
Doctor Strange adjusted baby Tony on his lap. He checked his injury. Tony’s right cheek was bright red, but it was getting better. He had stopped crying  and was toying with the Cloak of Levitation. The Cloak was willingly playing with him, which made Tony squeal with joy. Clint was standing right beside Tony, looking out for him. He was pouting the entire time.
After an entire afternoon out at the park hearing Clint squeal because of the ducks, Thor repeatedly saying ‘quackity quack’ and Bruce freaking out over the snake, lizard and frog mosaics, Tony sent his friends back home while he drove down to Stark Industries, West Branch, still hanging on to his vanilla milkshake.
Bucky looked at Steve. He couldn’t believe this was the same man who was trying to kill him out of blind rage in Siberia just three and a half months ago. Steve gave him a smile. He was looking at Tony, who was so focused on his task.
Scott was planning on how to get back to his daughter. Sam was listening intently to Scott’s plan, although he was getting sleepier. Natasha and Clint were seated side by side, in silence. It was not some uncomfortable silence, it was quiet and peaceful. Definitely comfortable. Wanda was walking around the jet. She was touching the interior of jet as she marveled at the complex design of it. She turned her head towards the pilot seat. She was looking at Tony’s back.
Peter’s face brightened up. “Thank you, Tony. And… your goatee is nice.” Tony looked down at the floor and chuckled.
A few seconds later, he reached the area with rows of grey colored lockers. The people he was looking for were chatting in front of one. Clint felt himself burn with rage when he saw Fisk and Wesley laughing over a joke.
“I am aware of the relationship you share with Master Stark,” Jarvis said. He joined Steve, and stood beside him. “I know how painful this must be for you.”
Everyone in the house were staring at a man, with a long red cloak and a beard that resembled somewhat of the adult Tony Stark’s.
“Anyway, please check on Doctor Jane Foster here, she fell down today and scraped her knee!” Tony shrugged as he backed out of 6-40.
“Tonee.” She yawned. And then lied down on his shoulders, her face pressed against his neck. She seemed content. Tony held her protectively. He turned to look outside the window. He slowly pat her back, so that she could let out a burp. Natasha did, after a few seconds.
Little Tony was listening to all these. He already knew he wouldn’t be spending much time with them anymore. And that he has to go back to his mundane life where his dad scolds him all the time. But he smiled when he thought about going back to Jarvis, where he truly felt at home. At least he was fun and was a human version there; not some disembodied voice. As much as he tried to be positive, the fact that he was going to leave Captain America behind broke his little heart. He sighed.
Right… the one that just experienced full on pain due to him kicking the punching bag because he was such a big doofus.
They all fell asleep there, and Bruce was the last one to. He switched off the television, lights and pulled the curtains shut. He placed a blanket over all of them and joined his friends and fell asleep, feeling at home with them by his side.
Bruce had called him down to his lab. Tony could only hope he had good news updates. He couldn’t wait to stop vomiting. Of course, telling the truth was great but he was getting weaker, Tony could feel it. Which was why he needed the cure soon.
“Come on,” Tony said through gritted teeth. His repulsor blasts did slow them down slightly, because of the heat. “Heat affects them! We need fire power. F.R.I.D.A.Y, tell me Sam is already near New York!”
Thor was alright. In fact he had opened his eyes just in time to witness Mjolnir flying towards Tony. He smiled weakly at that.
He looked at his message one last time and hit the send button. After that, he stuffed his phone back into his pocket. Then he took out his Avengers ID card which Tony made for each of his teammates. He sent an alert to Thor.
“I could read him,” Wanda said. More tears fell. “He is very broken. He is… is sad.” She pointed at Tony. Steve turned to look at him. His heart sank.
“Don’t try anything,” Steve stood up, wanting to smash more punching bags. “Let Tony come back and I’ll talk to him.”
Clint visibly shuddered. Bruce and Thor were enjoying the view, and took small sips from their champagne glasses.
“You trust Obi so much?” Steve asked, frowning, while taking another bite off his beef burrito. “I mean, the accusation is coming from your dad, his own business partner.”
But he came from there and they weren’t there. Tony… Gosh where does he love to go? He’s always at the living room with his toys. There was once he messed around with the small box of tools placed in the kitchen. They weren’t in the kitchen either. So… Wait a second. There were more tools at the attic!
“No seriously,” Tony stopped and pulled Clint to his side. The rest of them entered the kitchen while the two of them were standing at the entrance. “It’s just a game, Clint.”
After some time, they seemed to have thrashed most of the AIM scientists. Combat wasn’t the AIM guys’ forte and neither was science; that’s what Tony thought. He got ready when he saw Thor nod his head at his direction. Thor threw Mjolnir to him and he caught it. He ran across the couch and jumped up, calling down lighting. He raised the hammer mid-air and finished off the last few AIM scientists by slamming the hammer onto the floor. Even more flooring gave way, and Clint nearly fell through it.
“Tony?” Maria Stark called. She entered the kitchen and went straight to her son. “Look, that man is locked in his office. Just let him be, okay?” she then turned to Steve. “I’m so sorry you had to go through that.” She apologized, and tears formed in her eyes.
But it was too late. The footage was already being played on the big holographic screen, situated in front of the couch. Everyone’s attention was on it.
Sam sighed. He wished he had joined this “Avengers as kids” phase earlier. It all seemed fun but he was also aware of the amount of hardwork Steve and the two girls had put in. It wasn’t easy to take care of 6 toddlers at the same time. They proved to be an active bunch.
The Hulk roared in response, but his beatings didn’t seem like they were knocking the AIM scientists out. It seemed much worse.
“I was there to talk to Tony,” Howard walked to his cabinet. He took out a bottle of whiskey and opened it. He poured himself some in a glass. “I spoke to him about Stark Industries. And he didn’t like that talk so I left him to it.” He took a drink.
Steve gave Tony’s neck a kiss before resting his head on his shoulder. Both of them slowly swayed side to side together. Tears welled up in Tony’s eyes, but he was trying to blink them away. He didn’t really want his friends to know how badly he could get hurt at home. But it looked like he didn’t have a choice.
“It’s alright Hawkeye,” Steve assured him. He gave Clint a pat on the shoulder. “But Tony, do you remember why you went to touch the stone?”
“Uh, Tony and Steve, step out of the machine now!” Sue instructed them, sounding panicked. Tony, without thinking, grabbed Steve’s arm and started to brisk-walk out. Steve looked at Tony’s hand on his and also at the events that was happening outside; Reed and Johnny having trouble at the controls.
“I’m helping out!” Spiderman huffed. Danny sucker punched his opponent and then turned to Spiderman to give him a smug grin.
“You know, when Jarvis told us you had come here to work, I felt like I fell into some alternate dimension,” Clint said as he munched on his Caesar salad.
The excited girl shut the front door. The gang placed their luggage near the stairs and then sat down on the fluffy sofa set.
The other babies snuggled closer to Linda. She protectively tried to hold onto all of them. Kayla’s fate on the other hand, was worst. The Frost Giant pushed her to the back. She had no control of her movement. Her head was spinning and by the time her vision returned to normal, she blacked out.
“Can you three stop?” Natasha asked. She tried prying Clint off. Tony was coughing and Bucky was patting his back.
The baby’s eyes stirred open. Deep brown eyes were staring back at him; definitely Tony. Baby Tony was about to cry again. That was when Steve heard the baby’s stomach growling.
Clint shut the walk-in closet door and sat down. “I think I’m so scarred. I heard them scream and moan…” Clint blushed.
All of them picked up their bags and made their way out of the terminal, with Natasha pushing the trolley. There was excitement on Tony’s face. He was literally bouncing beside Steve. The others looked tired and were just walking in the direction Tony was walking.
Tony nodded. “Sorry Wanda. I just wanted to protect you, but I ended up overdoing it. And uh, I really hope things are alright between you and Vision.”
Steve’s eyes watered as he nodded his head. Both Thor and Clint then proceeded to hug Steve, who laughed and hugged them back.
“Say, did I actually hear that? Gosh Rogers, I’m so hurt!” Tony said. He faked a shocked expression, as he walked in with Clint and Bruce.
There was a slight turbulence, which made Thor jolt awake. He looked very disoriented and was staring at Steve like he was a stranger. But after everything clicked into place, Thor grinned at Steve.
Steve relaxed for a while. Baby Tony adjusted himself on his chest. He whimpered slightly, but fell back asleep.
“Boss, there is a private jet with cybernauts in it,” she spoke up quickly. “It’s heading towards Brooklyn and rigged to crash in the heart of it.”
As if on cue, a Quinjet from the Helicarrier took off. It descended towards the boardwalk and it's back doors opened. Once done, multiple soldiers stepped out with guns.
Tony sighed. Part of him wanted to and part of him didn’t want to, because what if Obadiah was really doing something illegal?
He got up from the couch, rubbing his eyes. “Is that Bucky?” he asked Steve, who was patting the baby’s back.
“Vis!” she started. “It’s not fair! You were supposed to enter from the door but you walked through the wall! You didn’t win this time. That’s not a win!”
“Right Linda,” Kayla agreed. She could feel a slight amount of tension in the air. She turned towards the gang. “My mum is on vacation now. She was uh, stressed, so she went to Asia to de-stress. She will be back in another 3 weeks’ time. So, what would you all like to have?”
Steve looked more at ease now. He continued eating his pie. “So, you made a friend?” he nodded at the cashier, who was attending to another customer.
They were all walking down together to the basement, after an awkward silence started to fill in the attic.
Steve was running down the road. He looked up and saw a figure running on the roof, jumping onto the next building. Steve saw Thor starting to get airborne and knew it wouldn’t be long till they captured Nightshade.
He decided to eat with his teammates, pushing away all his worries about Strucker and most importantly, Steve. He could worry about him later. Right now, he just wanted to have a good lunch with his friends.
Even in the state of having his armor dismantled, Tony tossed Thor to Vision. He managed to catch Thor, who seemed to have gone unconscious. But he couldn’t catch Tony on time. Their fingers passed by one another, just by a few inches, and Vision saw the fear in Tony Stark’s eyes.
“Thanks, and we do,” Steve sighed. “Reed and Sue, I need you two to push back with us. Sue, create shields for anyone in danger, you can join Wanda there. Johnny, we need firepower. I need you to direct your flames into the portal. And Ben, join the Hulk. It’s clobberin time.”
The other Avengers standing there were looking at Tony under a new light. They knew him as a teammate and friend, but wouldn’t have guessed he had a side like this. Even Peter couldn’t help but gulp.
“There are a couple of other things, like the puzzles Tony and Wanda did, we took the liberty to frame them by the way, Clint’s toy telephone, the painting of a big goldfish done by Clint and Bucky, and Natasha’s and Bruce’s coloring books.” Kayla said. Both the girls had passed around the items. “Oh and we have a photo of Chippy.”
Clint raised an eyebrow. “Then there’s only one way to find out. Get our bag guys. The car key is there. We’ll try finding for Howard. We will go to Stark Industries if we have to.”
Tony turned behind to have one last look at Steve. Steve waved at him for as long as he could. But he was forced to focus on the battle. He continued to push back, along with Natasha.
“I’ll be in my lab,” Bruce said quietly. He wiped his tears away. Before he left, he gave Tony a hug and said, “You can always drop by at my lab for a chat, science buddy.”
Clint looked like he was about to cry. He looked at the little boy, and deep down, he knew little Tony was telling them what adult Tony couldn’t. Natasha on the other hand, gave Tony’s forehead a kiss.
With Natasha and Clint there, the press people couldn’t get a clear shot of little Tony’s face. They all huffed in frustration.
“The drill, Master Stark,” Jarvis rolled his eyes. He left the room, leaving Steve to chuckle while leaning against the door of the walk-in closet.
They started with level 1. It was just the living room and an open kitchen. Then the door to the basement and the back door. They went to the back first. Bruce followed them for the tour. It was his second time looking around the house. He figured he could walk around with the team. Outside, he was looking at the ground. He was planning to bury the stone deep just a meter away from the back door. Tony kind of knew what Bruce might have been thinking. While the whole team walked around the small backyard, which had a 4-seat swing set and a mini mahogany table with matching chairs, Tony walked to Bruce.
He let out a gasp, and looked down. He saw his bow and a few shattered glass pieces already plunging towards the street. Also, he heard a little boy screaming. He raised his arm, instincts telling him to catch whatever that was incoming. But Tony flew out too fast, and was already falling 90 floors down. Clint’s eyes widened in alarm.
They turned left and entered the room in the medical unit. Thor and Clint were seated on the visitors’ chairs. Clint stood up once he saw the others enter.
“They will be powerless! Look, try to get that other stone. I can take this and bury it somewhere on Earth!” Bruce suggested. Thor looked at him and at the stone. An explosion behind them took them both by surprise. “I will take this. Inform me if these monsters are coming to Earth, Thor!”
Did you enjoy the story? Please feel free to leave a feedback, thank you! And thank you for reading my work! <3
“They’re so good! I could eat this all day!” Clint answered with a mouthful of toast. “Do you have coffee?”
It was very quiet in the jet. The air was filled with tension. No one wanted to say anything. The jet had just left the continent of Africa. They were flying above water now. Tony could put the jet in auto pilot mode. But he chose not to. He decided to have manual control so that he did not have to turn back to face the others.
“You wanted me to brush my teeth, shower and spray my manly cologne and then stop you from this fight?” Tony spoke back. “Come on, Clint!”
Hydra attacks Tony in his gala and the Avengers come to his rescue. Also, Steve may have found out something he wasn't meant to find out.
Steve couldn’t help it. He picked up the young boy and gave him a hug, knowing full well what little Tony was going through was nearly what Steve went through a while back. Tony hugged Steve back, burying his face into his firm shoulder. He let out a sob.
“You’re nuts,” Steve sighed. He moved closer to Tony and gave his cheek a kiss. He grinned when he saw Tony blush.
When Rhodey saw Sam approach him after the quinjet left, he was surprised. He didn’t have any grudge against him. Sam dodged Vision’s power because, that’s what anyone would have done to defend themselves. Plus Vision was distracted.
Clint and Tony both looked up to see Natasha standing there, seeming disgusted, angry, concerned and done all at the same time. She had her arms crossed. Behind her, Jessica Jones was standing, watching the scene, shaking her head. She was holding Natasha’s Tupperware box, which was half open.
Her firm grip made Steve comfortable. He relaxed. “You’re actually…” he was trying to find the right word. “Wise.”
Steve Rogers slammed open the stairway door. When he saw what was going on inside, his jaws dropped.
“What are we up to?” Obadiah’s voice came from the front door even before Tony could click on one of the files.
“I will your highness. Thank you,” Steve replied with a light smile. “I will watch out for Bucky. I still do trust Tony.”
“Please tell me you’re alright there, Diana,” Kayla sounded like she was about to cry. There was a loud scream on the other end of the line, which everyone in the house heard. Kayla flinched. She threw her phone down, accidentally clicking the loudspeaker button and stumbled backwards. Steve caught her before she fell.
He gave Tony’s lips a kiss. Tony kissed back, ignoring the tears that were falling from his eyes. He only broke the kiss to let out a sob. Steve wiped away Tony’s tears, and pressed his forehead against his.
He helped Rhodey up. While walking to the couch to help make Rhodey sit, Steve said in a dangerously low voice, “F.R.I.D.A.Y, open up the garage. I’m taking the Harley.”
"Yes, one more thing. Do no let them touch you," Thor warned. He sounded very serious when he said that. "Their frostbite is
The sun rays shone through the window. It hit Steve’s face. He stirred at the sudden brightness. He also felt like people were staring at him. So he opened his eyes slowly. He realized he couldn’t adjust himself because he was surrounded by babies. He froze in position when he saw an Asgardian armor nearer to him and two slimmer figures standing.
Tony sighed in frustration. He tossed his phone to the side and kept driving. He wanted to go home and crash onto his bed with his friends. But his mind wasn’t giving up on thinking about Obadiah, the company and his father’s accusation.
“Avengers, Defenders and the Fantastic Four,” Nick Fury’s voice came through their comms. “The medics are coming down pronto. There are some medical facilities here to treat the injured people too. Captain, can you tell me roughly how many people down there need the facilities?”
And then it hit Tony like a runaway train. This was a setup. Both women had conspired against them and had lied to them so that they would talk to each other.
Tony managed to break the solid eye contact. He shook his head. “Y…you had a good 100-year nap eh, to…to let out a guttural stretch like the one you just did.” He turned back to his calculations, which he was writing vigorously.
Both Clint and Thor had stopped eating. In fact, they were rooted to their seats as they watched Tony get real.
“I think I have an idea,” Tony piped up. “I think you need to juice it up. Like, since the stone softening helped with the portal closing, I think to close it the soft stone has to get into contact with the portal.”
“How do you know that?” Steve asked. The Doctor gave him a smile and walked in. Steve followed suit.
Tony set down his meatball parm on the packet that was open on the coffee table in front of him. Should he start the ball rolling by talking about the actual reason the two of them were here or stall the ‘feels conversation’ by stretching the small talk?
The girls saw them disperse and got up. Tony and Bruce stayed behind in the lab. The rest of them went up.
Tony’s jaw twitched. He didn’t let go of the leader and his grip was crushing the leader’s neck. He was struggling to breathe. He tried kicking Tony, but he couldn’t even reach him.
There is one thing about Tony. He simply hates it when someone takes any of his friends or someone he cares deeply about, hostage. He hates it so much. It is the one thing that makes him very
Tony literally runs away from Steve, to avoid having to deal with his feelings, despite his teammates and friends telling him otherwise. While Strucker plans to make one last move from the Helicarrier. Will Tony and Steve get honest with each other before Strucker creates trouble again?
Tony saw Butterfingers preparing another smoothie carefully. He grinned as the bots have finally mastered preparing a smoothie without creating a mess. Who was he kidding? The last time something spilled was only last night. But Tony was too fond of his bots to care about their mistakes.
Bucky was marveling at what he was looking at. He loved the view from the glass windows located high above them. Steve on the other hand, got reminded of the good memories the team spent there before the rift. He looked down while walking towards the elevator.
“But Bucky fell off a train. How did he not die? Bucky, Bucky, you there?” Tony said, with energy bouncing in him.
“Yeah!” Clint said. “Despite me holding her hand. Jesus, it’s like, you were a super star out there and we were simply invisible.”
“And in case you’re wondering where your friends and beloved are,” Jarvis said. He walked to the dining table, to pour himself a glass of water. “They’re at the seaside, enjoying themselves. Master Rogers is at the roof top.”
Mjolnir was on the floor. Suddenly, it rose up and flew out of the window. It dived down. And Thor knew what was going to happen. He was counting down the seconds and closed his eyes.
“Tony, why would I lie to you?” Steve asked in an exasperated manner. “You did lift Thor’s hammer and used it!”
“Outside is getting clear,” Thor confirmed while hitting the cybernauts using Mjolnir, and sent them flying to the Hulk.
They walked to an empty bench that was overlooking the East River. Steve bought a bottle of water from a hot dog cart vendor who was nearby. He opened the bottle and gave it to Tony, who took a few gulps.
“I’ll deal with this once I’ve put some clothes on,” Tony sighed. He quickly took some clothes and ran to the washroom.
Everyone agreed on the plan and ran off to change up. Tony wanted to argue but Steve’s plan sounded pretty fine. Plus, Tony would love to have a day where he didn’t debate with Steve about anything. Hopefully, today could be that day.
Tony pursed his lips at Steve’s joke. He stabbed at his rainbow cake mercilessly and ate a piece, not breaking eye contact from Steve.
Steve closed his eyes and thought back. He tried remembering Tony’s words, from the beginning of the trip. He got reminded of Tony hugging Jarvis and introducing him to his friends at the airport. He got reminded of Tony calming Steve down after he broke down. He got reminded of Tony grinning while getting ready for the dinner and the sex after. He recalled the trip to the amusement park and recalled Tony’s words during lunch.
It became very quiet suddenly. Steve was looking at the floor, his face hot. Bucky was trying his best not to run out of the house.
Tony didn’t say anything. He quickly got out of the armor and flung his arms around Steve’s neck. “Dad found you!” he squealed in joy.
He didn’t stay behind to see Steve getting the cure from Bruce. He ran to the eatery he barged into earlier. It was so quiet inside, an almost apocalyptic scene as there were plates of food and glasses of drinks abandoned on the tables. He hid under a table as he waited for his suit to arrive and for the cure to work.
He allowed Tony to catch his breath and get his bearings together. Once done, Steve pinned Tony’s arms to the bed.
Everyone slowly got up. They were back to square one, using their weapons to its maximum capacities. Thor groaned in frustration.
“Yes little guy, what can I do for you?” Steve carried him. He hugged him. He felt as if Bucky was consoling him, telling him that it would all turn out alright, just keep going. “I’ll keep going Buck.” He was looking at Bucky’s blue eyes. After a sigh, he kissed him on his forehead.
Steve was playing with baby Bucky and Tony. He was halfway tickling both their bellies when Bruce called him away. Now, Linda took over. She was just watching them, interfering only at times. Bucky usually became extra mischievous once Steve went out of his sight. He and Natasha were always throwing their toys around, and at each other. They whacked each other in the process, but it was light-hearted. If they got bored of that, they went to their coloring books. But even that usually ends up becoming a brawl.
Tony and his friends left the kitchen and took the stairs up. They each ran to their rooms to have a quick shower, and then lunch.
Tony was grinning at the people gathered. They were Doctor Strange, T’Challa, Reed and Sue, Danny and Luke, Peter and the rest of the Avengers. They were there with bouquets and pillows with the phrase
Tony smiled a tad too much. “Yes. Everything’s great, couldn’t be more perfect. I’m glad all of you were evacuated on time.”
He was holding baby Tony. Tony was already sleeping on his shoulder but Steve kept on patting his little back. His head was tilted and was touching Tony’s head slightly. He stood at the window and couldn’t help but reflect. He stared at the navy blue sky with stars scattered around them.
Mjolnir was filled with energy and life, waiting for Tony’s command. Tony’s irises had also turned blue, and he had blue sparks occasionally appearing around him. He looked at each of the AIM personnel, showing them that he wasn’t really afraid of them.
We need them. Now that the other half is going to Earth, these beasts may go there just to retrieve it. And we need each other. I will come once the time is right.” Bruce nodded. Thor gave a sad smile. He was very devastated when he heard about the rift between his friends.
He walked to the end of the mini boardwalk and decided to stand against a deck railing. The view in front of him was spectacular. A yacht was docked nearby and was bobbing along with the rhythm of the East River currents. To his right, the Brooklyn Bridge stood looking mighty and tall. Tony sighed. He could feel a small bump hitting his shin, hard. He bent down to examine it.
Tony wakes up from his slumber and is ready to go back to the Tower, where many people and even things, are waiting for him.
The Helicarrier was descending slowly, near the East River. The strong gusts of wind were coming from the turbine engines.
Both of them ran across the Rainbow Bridge. “Heimdall, Bifrost!” Thor shouted. “Be safe. And unite the Avengers.
“Great work,” Steve said. “Okay listen up. I need a team here to deal with the Hydra soldiers who are incoming. I need another team to deal with whatever is happening in the Helicarrier. Someone from that team will need to secure Strucker. Is that clear?”
“Thank you, Kayla and Linda,” Steve smiled. “You girls were a great help these past few days. I really appreciate that. We will always keep in contact. Come to New York someday.” The girls nodded at that. Steve gave them both a pat on the shoulders before walking away to the quinjet.
“Heya Natasha!” Tony sighed, still brisk-walking. “Look, I don’t know who James Wesley is but Clint is on his way to maul that guy’s ass so I suggest you try to look for him and stop him.” After a pause, Tony continued. “Same, Natasha, same. I’ll see you at Business School then.”
Thank you for the support so far guys. Sorry I posted this a day late because I was busy going to school for Radio DJ training and wrapping my best friend's birthday gift. I'm horrible at wrapping.
“I’m… I’m okay Kayla! A police escorted me. We are being brought down to the underground walkway nearby,” the entire team heard Diana’s voice.
“You mean… you were… hard in the car?” Tony asked, wondering how it was possible no one noticed because everyone were squeezed in in one car. Thor nodded his head with a cheeky smile.
Within 10 minutes, some of the Avengers found themselves walking down the street, wearing casual clothes.
But he chose not to share this with his friends. He, honestly, wanted them to have fun and enjoy themselves, especially on their last night in Malibu. He managed to grin at the others, completely pushing his feelings away.
“Hey Tony!” Steve exclaimed and grabbed his boyfriend. They stopped at the edge of the cliff and watched the shooting star disappear completely into the horizon.
In a while, Tony was fully standing. He placed his arms on Steve’s hips and pulled him closer. He felt a sharp pain on both his ankles. But he still didn’t care. Tears were flowing out of his eyes, from out of both physical and emotional pain. In the end, Tony couldn’t take it. He involuntarily groaned into the kiss, in agony.
Their luggage bags were shifted to the rooms. Tony decided to take the second couch. So it was Clint, Bucky and Steve in one room, and, Natasha and Bruce in the other.
Taking the full brunt of the slap was Steve, who had pushed Tony away just in time. He held onto the wall, and his other hand was holding his left cheek, which was turning red.
“Well, people change and you’ve changed for the better, Tony,” Thor assured his friend. “Don’t be too hard on yourself.”
“Tony, do you have any idea how heavy my jeans can get once it’s wet?” Steve asked, looking at Tony with eyes that begged him to understand where he was coming from.
The others were looking outside expectantly. After a few bends and passing by a few tall trees, their patience paid off. The 6 of them were looking at a big helicopter landing patch. To top it off, it was surrounded by a huge grass field. It was so big Clint was sure they all could play a game of tag there and never get caught. They passed by two tennis courts, with two men placing the nets in the middle.
“Hey Jarbis, before I go to Cap’s room, I’ll go to the kitchen. I need water!” Tony said. Jarvis continued to guide little Tony, now to the communal level kitchen.
“It’s called Legacy Park, Thor,” Tony corrected him, looking amused. “Yeah, we’ll go there before going back home.”
“Okay Tony, you choose. You want to sleep in your own room or with Steve?” Natasha asked. She pointed two fingers at him, indicating that he had to choose. Tony picked her middle finger, not really surprising everyone.
It was 7am the next day. Kayla, Linda and Wanda were wide awake. They had showered and were just sitting on the couch.
The quinjet landed on an empty field, just opposite the house Bruce had given coordinates to. The morning sun was shining bright in East Somerville. The sky was azure blue, with little or no clouds hanging around.
Baby Natasha was trying to touch his face. Both her little arms were stretching toward him. Tony smiled. He went closer to her.
“How about a change of game?” Tony suggested. “Whoever wins that, is the winner for whatever challenge this is.”
In the kitchen, they stood with their backs facing each other, with neither of them saying anything. Clint was stirring his coffee, while Natasha was waiting for the toaster to be done with her bread.
Tony threw Bruce an amused look. “I like that sass, Bruce. Please bring that out more in the apartment!” That earned Tony a smile from Bruce.
“I didn’t want to endanger anyone, Tony,” Bruce said. His voice was soft; filled with guilt and fear.
By the end of the game, both Clint and Thor were so into the it they started to forget their surroundings. They were laughing loudly, and kept swinging their right arm, which had the remote control.
Kayla was still fighting, but had slowed down. Baby Wanda was now whimpering in pain. She was kicking the air, trying to kick her assailant.
“Oops, but it looks like you only told me not to tell Tony about the incident. You didn’t tell me not to play the camera footage to him,” Tony’s girl sassed Sam.
“I thought of trying!” Tony defended himself in a high-pitched voice. “Thor, if I get that, you’ll help me out right, buddy?”
Upstairs, Steve was waiting for Bucky to come out of the bathroom. When he heard his surname below, he wanted to know more about what the girls were talking about. He stood at the edge of the stairs to hear better.
Bruce then looked to his right and gasped at the beauty of the sea. It was clear blue and was already shining, even though the sun wasn’t that high yet. He was entranced by the view, and didn’t know he was holding his breath in.
Natasha was definitely in denial. Steve let out a small laugh, but pretended to cough as he surely didn’t want to earn the Black Widow
Now, he was playing with Bruce, Bucky, Natasha and Wanda, near the couch. He used their dolls to create a story to entertain them. For instance, he placed Bruce’s little giraffe and deer dolls together. He brought a giant bird doll, which was Clint’s, and made movements of it flying around Bruce’s little animals. He told the kids that the animals were in danger. Bruce looked like he was about to cry.
Steve lifted Tony up and made his way to the stairs. There were still debris littered around, with some AIM scientists on the ground. S.H.I.E.L.D personnel were carefully taking each man dressed in that obnoxious yellow suit into custody, while the people from Damage Control were waiting for them to finish up their work so that they could start theirs.
Tony saw the video of him pulling Bucky to him when they were both about to fall off from the chair. He saw Steve pulling them towards him and steadying the chair. It took place on Tony's little birthday party.
Natasha let out a snort. “Just ask me or Jan. We’ve gone out and explored the region already.” Once she said that, Steve threw her a strange look. “What? Where do you think I go on the days I get back late? Also, where do you think Jan gets all her super good-looking clothes from? It’s all in exploring, Rogers.”
“I don’t,” Tony replied. “The arm can adjust itself to fit whatever measurements Bucky’s shoulder area is.”
“I agree. You’re getting somewhere, Tony.” Bruce gave Tony’s back a pat before he went to the kitchen to get something to eat.
“Good job leading both teams so far, Tony,” Steve said. “But we need to mix them together and, create a third team.”
” Iron Man shouted. He flew towards her to check on her when another ice hit him straight in his arc reactor. Iron Man fell down too. But within seconds, his unibeam was activated. The ice melted but Steve knew the man inside the suit was shaken. “
The man turned to Steve. It didn’t take long for him to recognize this being. He had seen this description on S.H.I.E.L.D files before. This was one of the Frost Giants.
He assured her. Howard then walked out of the room. Tony walked in further, and knelt down in front of his mom. He placed his head on her lap and wished she could see him.
He then ran to another parked car, used the side door for leverage and jumped up, aiming his shield at the cybernaut’s waist area.
Steve was just staring at her. He was staring at the girl who had most importantly given him support when he needed it the most. Steve’s fists were clenched. He let go of Bucky and Tony. Bucky toddled toward Linda, while Tony just stood there, transfixed by Steve’s fury.
“Alright,” Tony smiled, slightly. “I need you to do me a favor. I sent you some energy levels emitted from the stone while I was looking at it on our first day in Boston. Scan this entire area for it. I want to know where those godforsaken stones are.”
Tony and Rhodey were seated on the couch where Rhodey was sharing with his best friend about the condition of his legs. Sam was seated beside Rhodey, listening to him. Steve was standing behind the couch with Scott, chatting with him.
“I know a short cut,” Tony smiled. He slowed down to make a U-turn, much to the frustration of Clint. He then went on the opposite lane and made a right turn. “Quit pouting Clint, we’ll be reaching there first.”
Tony called back the hammer. The hammer stopped mid-flight, right in front of a lamppost, and flew back to Tony’s stretched out hand. On its way back, the hammer hit the assistant on the head. His body fell forward onto the road.
Tony blacked out for a second upon hearing Steve’s words. He looked at him, raising an eyebrow because in which world did Steve Rogers actually liked him back?
“Thank you. Today, I want to share about how I felt about taking up this module,” he started off strong, making sure his eye contact penetrated every soul sitting in front of him. He had a casual smile, his stance was relaxed and his hands were moving with purpose. “I felt anxious. I mean, I’m all about engineering and math, arts is something I never associated myself with. Also, this module was like my third choice.”
“Well,” the doctor started. She checked the heart monitors and the IV drip. And she wrote something down on her notepad. “You’re in the S.H.I.E.L.D helicarrier, which is currently flying up high above the States. So, I guess, it’s white outside because of the clouds.”
“Rhodey,” Tony started to massage his forehead. The tablet’s screen lit up again, showing Ross calling. “We’re happy this once. Look around you. Everyone is back, looking relaxed and jovial. Yeah, we have problems looming around us. But, can we just enjoy this for a while? You deserve the happiness too you know. You’ve done a lot for me, for us. Take a break, Rhodey.”
Both Hulk and Danny punched the two rows of Frost Giants at the same time. The entire rows flew back into the portal, knocking out the other Giants who were walking out.
“There they are!” Sam was grinning. “I called them once the battle ended and helped them with getting here.”
To everyone who stayed till the end to finish this story, thank you so much. Thank you so much for reading my work and leaving a feedback and kudos, I truly appreciate it a lot.
“He is close,” the AI replied. “He will be entering the state within the next hour. Captain Rogers is already here. He is just two seconds away from reaching you.”
Steve hugged back. But he let out a huge sigh. He extended his arms to Scott, who was looking down. Scott smiled before snuggling closer to Captain America. “Both of you are safe with me.” He assured them. “Look kids, I hate to say this but we’re in the middle of a huge battle-“
“I thought there was a wall opposite the stairs?” Thor scratched his head. “Butler Jarvis just walked into it?”
The held onto each other for a long time. Steve needed this. He needed someone to comfort him. Someone who would just hug and never let go. It had been a stressful couple of days. This embrace gave him the strength to move on and face this nightmare.
“I can clean him up,” Bruce nodded his head. He turned to give instructions to Friday, the AI running Tony’s armor. “Can you fly the armor back to Tony’s lab and shut it down?”
“Alright. It’s 20 minutes, split into two parts.” Linda took out her phone. She gave it to Tony and joined Clint on the floor.
“The final touch ups are done. It looks ten times grander than our mansion in New York,” Jarvis smiled.
“You knew?!” Steve looked and sounded scandalized. Tony felt sorry for him for a second, but it changed to love because he loved Steve so much. Steve, someone who couldn’t hide his emotions around Tony, and when he tried, it was always hilarious.
“I wouldn’t classify it as one,” Bruce explained. “It’s too weak to be one. It’s more like you eating bad food that’s given you a stomach upset. It’ll eventually wear off, but will leave you weaker.”
“Better. Mother hen here took a good care of me!” Tony gestured at Steve, who narrowed his eyes at him, but with a smile.
“The pants is fitting, other than that it’s all fine. But really, how do I look?” Tony asked, looking at Steve innocently.
“Let them go and you will get your stone,” Steve managed to say after he calmed himself down. “Let them go.”
By now, it was obvious that Howard Stark had made an appearance, that had turned sour. And Clint felt something snap inside him. He’s honestly had enough with Howard.
Clint had placed an arm around Natasha and was standing there, wishing he had more time to look at the shooting star. Bruce and Thor were kicking the grass, and Thor was lamenting about how he would have won if he wasn’t so careless.
“And now slowly, you slowly rise up,” Thor instructed Tony. They were doing warm ups before they started on pronunciation and presentation.
There were tears streaming down Tony’s face. He nodded his head and took in deep breaths. “Okay, Cap. B…but I will miss you.”
“You know a lot of things,” Tony grinned. He stretched out his little arms to her, prompting Steve to pass him to her. She happily carried him and settled him on her hip. Tony smiled at her, eyes shining, and said, “So, tell me more about where I am and who you all are.”
“Tony?” Steve called him. He was standing behind Tony, arms crossed. “Breakfast is ready. And uh...”
“So I just, would like to say, I hope our paths cross again. Keep working on your strengths and for now, keep avenging or defending!” Steve raised up his fist, and the rest of them did the same thing too, with a little cheer.
It had been a week since the fight with Strucker. Once everyone reached the Tower, Bruce had immediately worked on getting the second dose for Tony. Both Steve and Tony took three days to recover, getting ample amounts of rest, water and food in the form of soups. Steve had healed quicker, which gave him the opportunity to take care of Tony.
Tony had goosebumps when he heard the determination in his boyfriend’s voice. He turned away and looked out of the glass panels. The sun was high above them and he could feel the heat radiating from the panels. Tony felt Steve’s hands curl around his hips.
At 1pm, Tony decided to get himself lunch because he hadn’t eaten for over a day, and Friday had strongly advised him to at least get a snack. No,
“I’ll drop all those who are ready first. I need to get my suit, which is in the Tower, and so do you, Steve. Bucky and Steve, I need you both to follow me to my lab.” Tony spoke quickly. Bucky’s eyes flew open upon hearing his name. He threw Tony a strange look while Steve frowned.
Once he reached the Tower’s basement, he ran to his Audi. He quickly jumped in and sped out of the Tower.
“We are buying Mexican from a food truck and will enjoy it at Santa Monica Pier,” Tony read it right off the itinerary, which was in his phone.
However that was all in the future. The team was living in the present. And they all knew things were going to be fine. Deep down, they knew that their unity would enable them to take down the foes no single heroes could.
Steve couldn’t even scold Clint about his language. He was too surprised to even utter a single word. Natasha, Bruce and Thor watched in silence, as little Tony single-handedly fought off waves of AIM personnel.
Clint shut the door and walked in with Linda. They both had decided to sit on the floor and watch the film.
And so all of them enjoyed their one night together. The next day, Thor might be going back to Asgard to seek answers, Steve and some others might go back to Wakanda, along with T’Challa, Natasha might have to leave the Tower. And Tony and Rhodey would have to talk to General Ross. It was going to be the dull days for Tony. But Bruce was joining him in the Tower, so, it should be slightly alright.
“Of course it’ll take time, Clint. But for now, we’re fine. Oh and no more sides.” Tony smiled as they shook hands.
As promised, here's the next chapter. This chapter is like where the conflict starts, so I hope you guys enjoy it!
Tony grinned. “You sure know me!” he took his Captain America and Iron Man teddy bears and walked out of the room, with Jarvis showing the way.
“Alright. We’ll bring the kids up. Their clothes?” Steve asked as he stood up. He was carrying both Bucky and Tony. Wanda and Natasha stood up with Bruce and Clint respectively.
The owner can de-age or even wipe anyone out of existence without altering the present time. He could also open portals to other worlds or dimensions.
“What happened, babe?” Steve asked, while hugging Tony from the back. “Did something happen or were you really sleepy?”
The elevator doors opened to the communal level. Tony dashed out of it to the kitchen, where most of the team members were gathered after a morning session of sparring.
Tony pressed for level 76. The silence was getting pretty awkward in the elevator ride down. They were more than glad when the doors opened. They walked out and went straight down the hallway. They stopped outside the big glass doors, which was Tony’s public lab, which he gave
He increased his speed, thrusting forward fully. He fired a repulsor blast first before crashing into the Quinjet. The tail section of the jet fell apart, plunging towards the East River. Strucker screamed as the nose section now dived down.
“Tony,” Steve turned to him. “Don’t take this personally. But right now, you’re really weak. I need you to get to safety and get the civilians out of here.”
But little Tony knew that was wrong. That’s not how it would work. He decided that Steve belonged here and that the people here need him more. He looked at the photo, particularly at Steve, who was grinning. He pressed it to his heart and waited to get transported back to his own time.
Tony, who was so close, needed the friction for his cock. He wanted to pry away Steve’s hands and get down to business. He attempted, and felt Steve’s hard grip not letting him go. He sighed and watched his boyfriend come down from his high. Steve wasn’t one to neglect Tony. He kept rocking his hips, and made sure Tony’s sweet spot was getting the hits.
“Is that a problem?” Howard frowned. “It’s something important and it’s not like you’re going to pick up your damn phone. So I figured direct contact would be good. Anyway, I wanted to tell you that you will be working closely with Obi. He’s a nice guy but… it’s not wise to trust him too much.”
He gently placed Tony on the edge of his bed. Both of them spent some time adjusting themselves and wiping their tears away.
“Yes you do,” Tony pointed out. “Take it, Steve. I understand you’re a super soldier but I need you to take it.”
After being out with the boys for nearly 2 hours, Steve was walking back home with them. Tony was very tired. His head was on Steve’s shoulders, arm loosely hanging under Steve’s neck and his eyes were half closed.
Everyone else at the sink quickly finished their job there, and were just about to leave the kitchen.
“Just make sure he doesn’t distract you too much,” he stopped walking, prompting Tony to stop walking too. “You’re one of the best students here, Tony. Don’t let anyone or anything tell you anything different. In fact… you’re the top student in the cohort as of now. Ah, you didn’t hear it from me.”
The team was gathered at the basement that late afternoon. Bruce insisted on wanting to inform them about the stone’s capabilities. They were staring at it intently. Kayla and Linda were seated on the basement stairs. They wanted to listen to the briefing too.
Tony’s brain was still trying to register Steve smiling at him, and the sunlight shining behind Steve’s head, making him look like some sort of a God.
Tony was simply looking at his boyfriend while feeling himself getting filled up. He let out a few soft moans. When the tip of Steve’s cock hit his sweet spot, Tony let out another scream. Steve began to rock back and forth, making sure Tony was settled in first.
Natasha, Bucky and Clint nodded. Bruce and Wanda left the basement. They were preparing to bury the stone. They were glad that this won’t be a problem they needed to constantly worry about anymore. After burying the stone, all that would be left to do was to wait for the arrival of Thor Odinson.
“Bruce, you don’t get it,” Tony turned to look at his good friend. “Obi has been there for me for a long time. Whenever my dad abuses me, he’s there to stop it. He’s taken some serious PR fire when my dad couldn’t cope. I don’t think I’m buying my dad’s accusation on Obi.”
“Really? You’re not going there? I thought Tony was kidding,” Rhodey said. “Captain America not being there just feels wrong, Steve.”
“Fine,” Tony said. “My dad’s words just now, just… I know it was a compliment to you guys, but, I just… got reminded of an old memory. We made breakfast, dad hated it, and threw it all away. I was only… ten when that happened.”
He started to run down the stairs, texting Natasha for Tony’s GPS location. He took a car key from Jarvis and sped out of the house, still hoping Tony was there and didn’t do anything stupid.
The elevator doors opened and two extremely excited figures walked out of it. They went down the hallway and turned into the beautiful penthouse.
“Wow Bruce,” Tony spoke while trying to control his laughter. “You look so sexy!” He snorted and started to laugh again.
“Um,” Steve’s mouth went dry. And he felt his blood rush to the south region of his body. “You look perfect.”
“Like it?” Bucky grinned. “Tony, I… I love it. Thank you for making this, for me.” He pulled Tony in for a hug. Tony went stiff for a second, but relaxed. He hugged Bucky back, and rested his head on his shoulder. They were in this position for about a minute.
Clint was more of a play-alone child. But he welcomed anyone who wanted to join him. This cool morning, Tony had joined him. They were busy painting out clouds and skies on an empty piece of paper, kindly given by Kayla from her drawing block. Tony had a habit of standing back every minute, to take a look at their handiwork. If he was pleased, he would giggle. If he wasn’t, he amended the details himself. One detail Tony created was to add a smiley face to the sun they both painted out. Baby Clint loved it.
“He has a lot of things to say.” Tony continued. “So he will be with you. Wanda happily agreed to take the couch.”
Of course, Tony knew. He didn’t really give Steve the attention, because he wanted to tease him. But he didn’t know teasing Steve would ultimately bring out the beast in him.
Tony was giving him a strange look as he got a load off his chest. “It’s… it’s alright really. I’m sorry too. I must have looked like some dick right.”
“Then, we shall only use this level, and one floor down for the game!” Thor suggested enthusiastically.
“Not any time soon if I do what I came here to do,” Doctor Strange smiled. A very tired looking Steve turned to look at him. A small frown settled on him. “I came here to take the stone to where I am currently residing.”
“It’s the Avengers!” one of the scientists pointed at the figures standing near the door. “We need to regroup!”
Steve let out a laugh and leaned back on the wall beside the washroom door. He was waiting for Spiderman to come out, and to be dressed in civvies and look clean, according to the plan. Yes, Spidey had brought civvies with him in case of a time like this.
“You’re tall.” Her voice was muffled. Steve let out a laugh. It was genuine, relaxed and comfortable.
Once the Doctor released Tony from his lap, he and Clint toddled to where Clint’s toy telephone was.
“I didn’t know it was this fucked up,” Clint whispered to Natasha. She nodded her head and folded her arms.
“Yeah.” Linda entered the conversation. “My parents, they died in a car accident.” Tony stiffened. “Just by the highway outside this neighborhood. You guys must have passed it; aerial view.” She pointed up.
Tony’s face reddened with embarrassment. “It was early morning. I went down to just examine it. I was still pretty half asleep so without thinking,I went to touch it.” He shrugged. Steve pursed his lips while Bruce exhaled loudly.
Tony walked across the gym and stopped at the edge. He looked down and saw four figures jumping around the seashore. Tony swore to God that he heard Clint’s girly screams and Thor’s laughter.
He raised Mjolnir towards the sky and called down lightning. The rest of them at the back were watching the scene unfolding in front of them with awe. Doctor Strange knew what was going to happen.
Wanda didn’t understand what she meant at first, but once she saw Kayla’s red face, she understood what was going on. She couldn’t help but grin.
He slowly lifted Tony up. He was carrying him bridal style. He started to walk towards the first few medics who had landed from the helicarrier. The rest of the heroes followed behind him.
As if on cue, a private jet roared past Iron Man. Tony launched his thrusters to full speed, and chased the jet.
“Boss, I’ve located both the stones,” F.RI.D.A.Y suddenly said. “One of them is in Doctor Strange’s place. A Frost Giant is already taking it. The other is with the leader, in the Spanish café.”
Iron Man flew down and stood in front of the two Frost Giants, taking them by full surprise. The leader raised his hand to place it on the pendant and closed his eyes. But before he could activate it, Scott pulled the chain out. The right-hand Giant pointed at the falling chain and gasped. Upon feeling something slipping, the leader opened his eyes.
“Yeah,” Bruce responded. “So even if portals are opened using this one piece, it’ll be a weak one. The Frost Giants
“You didn’t,” Tony assured him. “Look at us, we’re all still ourselves. We didn’t de-age!” Bruce gave a small smile. “So quit the worrying and join us.”
Jenny looked taken aback by Tony calling Pepper informally. She snapped out of it and rang someone on her phone.
Tony saw Reed’s back first and brisk-walked towards him. But he stopped dead on his tracks when he saw who Reed was talking to.
For a split second, Tony wanted to tell him everything, about the bad experience he and his mum had. He just wanted to pour it all out to Steve, cry his heart out. But at the same time, he didn’t want to burden Steve with his problems.
Steve could not bear the silence. So, he decided to break it. “Where are we headed to?” He asked no one in particular.
“We do.” Tony finally spoke. This was the fourth time he was listening to Bruce speaking about the stone. Hence Tony had nothing much to say.
“Oh my God...” Bruce whispered. He was lost. It was night and it was getting cold. Bruce didn’t know where he had landed. He was on the middle of the road. He was happy, for a second when he realized he did not de-age.
At this time, Tony thought that this was the first time he ever heard anyone speak about Howard’s stress. It’s not a normal topic that was touched in the Stark household. Of course, Tony understood that his dad was stressed over the company and was having a hard time. But that doesn’t justify him slapping Tony or a guest, who simply wanted to have a good time with Tony.
But Earth’s Mightiest Heroes stepped in on time and managed to stop them from firing it at the civilians. The device didn’t have much of an effect on buildings, but it had hit a tree and the tree disappeared.
Tony dropped Clint right outside the entrance of the Helicarrier before speeding off behind the Quinjet, which just took off into the deep blue skies.
Tony jogged back to 6-39 after his special date with Steve. The entire time up the elevator, Tony was smiling like a fool while remembering Steve being a cute idiot during the date. Gosh, Tony loved Steve so much it hurt. He’s muscular and wants to look tough but God help him, he’s just a softie inside.
“There they are!” Kayla said. Happy placed the box in front of the two girls. He smiled at them and went to stand beside the couch. “Alright. This giant brown bird doll, which Clint was fond of. This little baby bear doll, which was Natasha’s favorite.”
“I know it’s odd, but welcome to my family, where my dad’s business partner is more of a dad to me than my real dad,” Tony summed up. “I mean… even my butler is better!”
“Boston is fantastic!” Wanda replied with so much of enthusiasm, it amused Linda. “Your neighborhood is very quiet. It’s peaceful and I love it.”
Hi guys! Thank you for your support for this story so far! I was really busy and that's why the update was quite late, so for that, I'm really sorry.
Tony and Steve were seated right at the front. They raised their arms and screamed when the roller coaster descended. Both of them let out a laugh when they somehow heard Thor’s screams.
Thor pointed his hammer at the portal, and the lightning shot through like no one’s business. The other heroes were looking up at the different types of light dancing around them.
He then went to look at his mother, who was sitting by the window side in her room, crying too. Howard had given her shoulder a squeeze.
“Wow, you’re kidding right?” Clint laughed. “Because I heard, when the first time you two met once you grew older, you two fought with each other.”
“Then you guys would have thrown a great party and a funeral, I wrote it down somewhere anyway,” Tony shrugged, about to walk out of the room.
“Not on my watch!” Steve shouted. He was really protective of Tony and couldn’t just stand there and watch them electrocute him. “Avengers Assemble!” Steve ordered.
They kept walking with arms swung around one another's shoulders for support. They looked like a big united but tired team. They kept walking forward, and the sun was slowly rising up behind them.
“It fucking hurts, J,” Tony groaned. “And Steve, gosh the colossal idiot who just went up to talk to dad. What if dad had hit him?”
Bruce was trying to lift Thor’s hammer, again. He saw the photo Linda had secretly taken and was speechless. He had tried lifting Thor’s hammer before but it didn’t even budge. But his younger, two-year-old self could lift it. He grunted while trying to pull the hammer up now. Thor was chuckling at his attempts. He was seated near the window, patting Chippy, who was half asleep.
“We better reach there first, Tony!” Clint grinned. He kept looking behind, to make sure Nat and the others were still in second place. “They’re gonna fucking overtake! Do something!!”
“But I have one question, though,” Scott said. “Why did the Frost Giants attack at a very odd timing? Like, night. Why?”
“Funny you should tell me that,” Clint got up quickly, ready for a fight. “You should keep your authority to your damn self and not mess with external competition pair results!”
“We have been waiting for about 3 minutes,” he smiled smugly. “But the short cut was horrible. So much of bumps and a fucking bee nearly stung me.”
He and Bruce jumped into the car and Clint scrambled to get in. Tony started the engine and winked at the other three, who were looking at them in the car with their lips pursed.
Tony rolled his eyes. He also knew the others were watching him and listening to the conversation. So he did the one thing he liked doing. Especially to this man. “Please hold.”
Butterfingers, who was arranging the tools neatly on Tony’s workspace turned to face him, pushing down all the tools at once. He gave a whirring noise that sounded like exasperation.
He carried each one of them and gave a kiss on their foreheads. He had something to say to each of them before putting them on the cot.
The Cloak did listen. But it only unwrapped itself after gently caressing Tony’s red cheek and ruffling Clint’s hair. Baby Tony giggled in the midst of tears falling.
They went to level 2 next. They turned right from the landing and walked into a big room. It already had the spare beds spread out with blankets. It had a wooden cupboard and a small window, from which you could look at the backyard of the house and at the roofs of the other houses.
Nearly everyone was asleep in the limo. Cruising down the highway with the air conditioning at full blast was heaven. When the limo turned into the Stark Mansion, they woke up, feeling disheveled. All except Steve.
Another man, dressed up the same way started to chase Tony down the hallway. Tony let out a gut wrenching scream and ran to the elevator. But it was not working.
No one said a thing for a few seconds. They were just looking at him, with not much of an expression written on their faces. The only sound was the occasional passing of the cars and the wind blowing past them.
“I’m in,” Clint grinned. “Can’t wait to see who is gonna scream like a girl for the first jumpscare!”
“Are you ok?” Kayla asked him with concern. He nodded while managing a smile. He then turned to Tony.
“Okay, everyone’s accounted for,” Coulson started. “We just got a tip-off about a bank robbery that’s about to happen, just a few blocks away.”
Tony slipped into his Iron Man themed bedroom slippers and waddled off to his washroom to get ready for the day. If anything terrible had happened last night, he did not show it out. He looked perfectly normal, like a middle-aged man getting ready to hit the best of the corporate life.
“Yeah he is!” Tony assured him. Peter placed his head back on Tony's chest and snuggled closer to his neck. Tony held him protectively for a few more seconds. He gave the boy's back a few pats. “Thor, bring in the miracle liquid to the convenience store, buddy.
“Bleeding should be stopping soon. Other than that, I think he’s mad at you for going up,” Bruce replied.
“Dow!” Bucky squealed. He wanted to get down and walk back home, not wanting to be carried by Steve. “Dow Stee!”
At this point, Scott sat back and was watching Tony and Peter interact. He was ready to get back to his normal size to console the boy; he had a daughter after all. But he was afraid his sudden appearance would scare the already shaken boy.
It was a miracle that the 6 of them found a bench to sit on and eat their Mexican food. Clint and Thor volunteered to sit on the ground, while Natasha, Bruce, Steve and Tony shared the bench, leaving a little space in the middle so that they could place their food and eat it. Tony was enjoying the sound of the waves rolling by as it was giving him a slight amount of calm. A flock of seagulls flew by, and Thor shielded the food, much to the amusement of Natasha and Bruce.
Iron Man flew towards the first portal, about 52 meters away, opened on 186 Bleecker Street. There, Jessica Jones and Luke Cage were doing their best to push back the armies into the portal. Daredevil and Iron Fist were fighting with a single opponent. Doctor Strange was using his powers to push back the armies. Vision was using his high density form to try to knock them off their feet and Spiderman was webbing 3 Frost Giants together.
Steve couldn’t help but smile. Of course his wingman knew him. “It’s just that, when they all turned into toddlers a few days ago, it seemed surreal. I felt so lonely and helpess. Thank God the girls were here. They were a big help. And then a Frost Giant came-“
Tony internally cringed. So now, Steve knew about what kind of a big Cap fan he was. Even Coulson would be surprised.
“True. But I’m not uploading any of my ideas on your godforsaken server ever again. I think I had enough,” Tony declared.
Wanda created a big red shield. She was using all her energy she had to keep the shield up. Hulk trying to get past it wasn’t helping. Steve could tell the pressure she was in was overwhelming. Wanda fell to her knees with her face all scrunched up. Doctor Strange was already conjuring up another shield near the Defenders’ side. Thor was calling lightning; he was hovering a few meters above the road. After a few seconds, he slammed his hammer down on the middle of the street with all his might. There were electricity sparks flying around the impact area.
“Tony,” Steve shook his head. “Stop lying and get the civilians away to safety. Get your suit to come here but before that, stay safe. I’m going to hold off the first wave of Hydra soldiers.”
Tony stood up. He went to where Mjolnir was placed, which was on their coffee table, and placed his hand closer to the handle. He saw little blue sparks emerge on the hammer. It went down, to where Tony’s hand was. Thor raised both his eyebrows, and waited for Tony’s move.
