Lestrade pulled over and stopped the car, putting his hand on Sherlock's arm to prevent him from leaving the car. Sherlock looked at the DI’s hand before looking at Lestrade himself. He took his hand off of the door handle of the car and placed it on his lap as he continued to stare at Lestrade.
John heard the man sit down and possibly put his hands on the table, studying John's body and posture. Low whistling started and it eerily echoed through the room, making its way into the hallway before disappearing again. It stopped after about five minutes before a light scoff was heard. John shut his eyes even tighter.
Silence bare its way back into the car, making it even more uncomfortable to the two men. Sherlock was still slightly frowning and Lestrade gripped the steering wheel a little too tightly and stared wide eyed at the road ahead of them.
Lestrade had sighed and tapped the stacked papers on the table to fall neatly and perfect. He put the papers on the table again before taking a look around his office and running a hand through his grey black hair. Today had been hell. So many families to argue to and so many inspectors to chase and shoo away along with reporters and Sherlock yelling and running around, mouthing off anyone who got in their way.
“How was she- wha- no….!” Sherlock whispered with wide eyes as he looked down at the body below him. The crowd of policemen surrounded him and Sherlock felt as if they were screaming at him. Lestrade seemed to be the only person who wasn't talking at all and just stared at the woman at their feet.
“AND NEVER COME BACK!” Sherlocks scream echoed through the flat, followed by a loud thump and then glass shattering. The screech of car tires was heard before loud thumps on the stairs and harsh breathing. John looked up from his chair in the upstairs common room and stared at the door, waiting with a partly open mouth and wide eyes for the curly haired detective to come into view.
His chest rose and fell slowly as his lungs were forcing oxygen through to keep him alive. His eyes remained shut as he didn't want to give his consciousness away. His lips twitched and he made his toes slightly flutter to make sure he still had control over his body. He opened his eyes a simple crack, just enough to see his lower half. He made a tiny groan to make sure his voice wasn't all gone and his collarbone hurt.
Sherlock’s mobile vibrated in his pocket, ruining the moment. He quickly snatched it out of his pocket, John continuing to rub his back in small circles. Sherlock turned it on and read the text.
“Ow!” Lestrade exclaimed after Sherlock kicked his shin with his dress shoes. “Bloody Christ Sherlock…” He mumbled as he rubbed at his sore shin.
"Screw the evidence Gavin!" Sherlock yelled as he tried to break his right arm free of Lestrade's grip. "Let me throw it out the window!"
Lestrade didn't have his uniform on, instead he wore a black suit and black, shiny dress shoes; so the mother didn't know that she was cursing out Lestrade in his face.
Lestrade groaned and rubbed his face with both hands. Even as he put his hands down on his desk he continued to groan with his eyes shut tight. His door was closed and his coffee was still hot on his desk as his coworkers scurried along outside. He stopped and took a deep breath in, held it, and groaned louder than before. His computer was off due to a lack of use and the keyboard and mouse had a thin layer of dust on it. He really needed a break from all this chaos.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock. I honestly did forget about that. I'm just so used to him being here that I forgot that he wasn't. I just thought that when you came for me he was still at the flat-"
Lestrade kicked his desk repeatedly before punching the top. He grunted and mumbled unclean profanity as he unleashed all his anger into his desk that hadn't done anything to deserve the beating.
The men made their way towards the flat and knocked three times. Mycroft looked up at the window to see if Sherlock was peeking out, and to his dismay, we wasn't. Mycroft sighed quietly as he thought about when Sherlock did look through the window. He would usually yell at John that he was here and then hide in his room until John forced him out, then Sherlock would continue to throw glares at Mycroft and hiss at him whenever he got too close to him.
He made his way to the cars as instructed and Lestrade indicated the sign for the policemen to go search the house.
Sherlock looked more recovered and better than yesterday when Lestrade had last saw him. His hair was neat again and his trench coat and scarf didn't have wrinkles anymore.
He stopped when he felt arms wrap around him. He hadn't realised that Mrs. Hudson had turned Sherlock so he was facing her and that his eyes were stinging and blurry. They were probably red and his hands were shaking. Mrs. Hudson held him tightly and disregarded the fruit bowl, toast, and tea on the counter.
Once they were at the door Sherlock moved in between Lestrade and Harriet, making him in the middle, Lestrade to his right, and Harry on his left. He took a deep breath before releasing it through his nose and knocked on the door. His mask slipped on along with Harriet's. She looked calm along with Sherlock, but Harry did one thing that John used to do when his masked slipped on; She fidgeted with her trousers.
He was furious. His hands were fists by his sides. His eyes were cold and sharp, along with his breathing. He walked straight, the people in front of him moved out of his way with a worried glance.
“John!” Sherlock panicked and looked around, not noticing his feet were already halfway down the street. “No one's that clever to solve this!”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow as he watched as Sherlock slowly slid in his chair and blink when Sherlock stopped, the bottom of his back hanging off his chair and his chin tucked in his chest.
“WHAT?!” Lestrade exclaimed, slamming his hands into his desk and his eyes flinging open wide. His jaw dropped as he stared at Sherlock, who stared back with a slightly amused face. Lestrade knew he could and would deduce a couple of good deductions.
“Nothing. You cleared your throat. Did you forget five seconds after you did that?” Sherlock added sarcastically.
Sherlock groaned in disgust as he thought of Mycroft actually finding out who the woman is, because if he did then that meant he owes his brother; and he knows that you never want to owe Mycroft.
“Johns,” Sherlock says and presses his lips together as he looked around the room painfully. “It’s Johns.”
She had gotten tired of Sherlock's behaviour and had called a person in his life to help with Sherlock's depression. Of course, Sherlock wouldn't like this plan, but he brought it upon himself. Yes, Mrs. Hudson understood that this is particularly hard for him and the case isn't even finished, but he should just tell himself that he should let it go and help John.
Lestrade smirked and looked back up to look at his door as the noise and commotion had gotten louder. His smirk faded and was replaced with a frown, his fist on the phone tightened.
“Do we have to repeat every order we give to you again? Go over to the cars and we'll be with you shortly.” Harry sternly cut the man off, her hands clenched to fists as she spoke.
The three ran from the office and down the halls. Lestrade yelled at people to move as Donovan lead the way and Sherlock following silently. Donovan can to a stop in front of a door and Lestrade almost crashed into her. She opened the door and walked in, Lestrade and Sherlock following behind her.
She had ran out of her house that she shared with Clara. Harry was sure she probably left the door open and the oven on, but there wasn't any news on a house catching fire, so she was okay with it.
"MRS. HUDSON!" Sherlock yelled as he stopped stomping on his bed, his curls bouncing on top his head as the mattress made Sherlock bounce. His eyes widened and his pupils were blown wide.
“What else was in the bag Sherlock?” John's voice cut Sherlock out of his daze and back into John's wide eyes.
Mycroft had a few ideas and theories, but he just told me to leave and get some sleep, that he'll be able to find out in a couple hours.”
Donovan turned around and gestured to the main door that lead to the main hall. Lestrade frowned even more.
As he had looked through a file he found the name ‘Anderson’ and had literally put a picture of Anderson on the was with a drawn on mustache, monocle, and flower had.
It was quite a hustle getting here because everyone wanted to go and see the man who abducted John Watson, even Donovan and Anderson; but they were forced to stay at the station because they kept snapping at people with their nasty attitude.
She had enough of Sherlock's bad moods and his constant glares as she told him to eat and drink water.
“Right. Sorry. Anyways, it's been cleaned and there's no way to know exactly what happened. Should I just leave it and stare at the papers at the flat,” Sherlock turned away from the people and smirked. “Or should I risk it and go into the surveillance room?”
“And, if you were as smart as me you'd figure this case out.” Mycroft said as he threw a file into Sherlock's chest. “It actually is quite interesting.”
He pressed the button to dial John and looked around, waiting for the ringing to stop and a voice to answer. He ignored the weird looks that were thrown his way and smirked when John answered.
The two always had a row at each other about their heights. Sherlock would call John a 'Hobbit' and John would call sherlock a dragon, due to how tall and long he is.
Sherlock shrugged and took another sip of tea, making sure to over exaggerate his confused expression.
“So shut up because unlike you, I haven't been on my arse the whole time, texting a stupid boyfriend! I'm TRYING to help people! And if you can't come in here and do the same, then LEAVE!” Lestrade glared down at her, his fists shaking in fury.
She looked down at the doorstep and found a package. Mrs. Hudson bent down and grabbed it, tucking it under her arm as she walked back into the flat and closing the door behind her. She tilted the box at all directions and found a name.
John contemplated his chances. His body aches and he didn't think he wanted to do this anymore. His shoulder and leg throbbed with every heartbeat. His eyes felt like they were staring at a bright white light for hours and his brain pressed against his skull. He wanted to identify the person so he could keep a lookout, see if everything was okay or out of order. He needed a face and for some reasons his hand longed for the weight of some type of weapon. He forgot which one though, it wouldn't come to mind.
His mobile went off in his pocket and his hand darted for it, flicking it open with a flick of his wrist, and his eyes scanning the small screen.
“Sherlock, you know… We get that this is a hard case for you. It's,” Lestrade looked around looking for the word to choose before making eye contact with Sherlock again, “very emotional for us all.”
His body jerked, shocking Sherlock. What did that mean? Oh yeah, a silent sob. He's seen John do it before when he heard someone in his family had started doing drugs, but Sherlock himself had never experienced that.
"Yes! The one dollar bill Lestrade? Don't you remember that?" Sherlock sarcastically cooed to Lestrade.
Before they had came to the house, Lestrade had shown Harriet the footage of John being kidnapped. She had almost punched the laptop and she raged out on the wall. Her older sister instincts took over and she demanded she went to see the man who did this to her brother.
“Hmm, could be better. Too many people touching and showing emotions and sentiment for my liking.” Sherlock cocked his right eyebrow and sighed as Lestrade backed the car up and drove on the slick road.
"Yes. Grab my arm." He walked to the window and reached down with both arms, his ribs pressed against the windowsill uncomfortably. She grabbed on and jumped to help create momentum for Sherlock to pull her up with. He grunted and pulled, his ribs screaming in protest for the windowsill jabbing him. Once Molly was halfway in and her stomach lay on the windowsill, she let go of Sherlock's arms and pulled herself in the rest of the way.
“Does it have anything on it?” Lestrade asked and looked over to Sherlock, who was still frowning and twisting and turning the package.
“All love has been forgotten.” Sherlock mumbled as he looked at the pictures of John, Sherlock, and Mrs. Hudson on the fireplace.
The screen turned white and a black box was in the middle of the screen before it widened and took over the whole screen itself, earning a ‘what the crap’ from Lestrade.
“Is there anything?” She asked quietly so she wouldn't interrupt Sherlock's train of thought. Lestrade shook his head and turned the box upside down, but nothing fell out of the empty box.
The door clicked open and revealed a long, skinny, pale Sherlock in his loose pajamas. His hair was a mess and his eyes looked clouded. His hand still clutched the doorknob and his back was slightly slouched.
“I should've put her somewhere she wouldn't get hurt or something… I'm sorry.” Lestrade sighed and looked regretful, holding his coffee cup tightly.
Sherlock grabbed the paper and flipped it over to see the side where the writing was. He stared and memorised the address before looking back at Lestrade.
“Yes Sherlock?” He asked, raising his eyebrow but continuing to stare of into the distance, unblinking.
"Keep your composure steady, brother mine. This is how people will learn that you're fine with them walking all over you. But it seems you've been giving people that message for seven months now."
Sherlock had walked by the cash register with a printed list of what John had gotten and payed for when he stopped dead in his tracks.
All the people who had been taken were kept and stored away from the world by the abductor before suddenly being brought back to the world and placed with their families again. The thing that had made Sherlock quite interested in is that the victim has no memory of their abductors face, voice, or location. Not even the smell.
“Yes, you're a bloody dragon because of how tall and long you are. Plus, I've always imagined dragons having deep voices and you're just SOOO lucky to be born with a natural deep voice, that it just seemed to fit."
“Oh, I know dear, but this can't go on any longer. Hopefully we can find John soon and get him back here, in his chair, where he belongs.” Mrs. Hudson sighed and smiled, leaning closer to Lestrade.
“See you later.” Lestrade pushed the ‘end call’ button and put the phone down. He closed the files after putting the pictures in them, then putting them in his top right desk drawer. He made his way towards the door and opened it. It was a mess.
But then again, this happened a few days ago, so Sherlock didn't know why he kept thinking and replaying the memory.
Sherlock stopped pacing and looked at John, who was staring back at him with concern in his eyes. Sherlock sighed and frowned at John. He’d suddenly grown nicer to Sherlock since the yelling competition he and Lestrade had the day before.
John and the man were chatting as he scanned the items and put them in plastic bags. John payed with his card and when he went to grab the bags the footage went to static.
John sat there and did nothing. Absolutely nothing. It wasn’t until there was a dull bang when John looked up, eyes quickly searching the room before he visibly relaxed again. He sighed and slumped his shoulders and threw his head back in either annoyance or uncertainty. John didn’t know whether or not he’d leave that place.
Mrs. Hudson moved along the room and cleaned up, placing papers and files in a neat stack on tables and got rid of empty or cold glasses of tea. She smiled when she saw a dozen of water bottles littered around the countertops. At least he was staying hydrated.
Mrs. Hudson sighed and looked around the box again. She frowned as she found no address from whom it was from or where it came from. Hopefully Sherlock would find this interesting and hopefully it would help his case.
He had about a five hour sleep before the calling and messaging began and woke him up. So he wasn't in the happiest or best moods of them all.
Sherlock stood back and went back to looking around the room as Molly clumsily lost her grip and fell onto the floor on her back with a soft 'oof'.
Lestrade sat at his desk, finger intertwined and lips pressed up to them. On his desk he had the missing people files, or as Sherlock had named them, ‘The missing J’.He had a red apple and a hot coffee cup with the usual staple and pencils and pens. He also had a stack of post-it notes and regular lined and print paper.
"You bloody idiot Sherlock!," Lestrade half yelled half grumbled with his teeth clenched as he held Sherlock's left hand in his left hand and Sherlock right arm in his right hand that was wrapped around his skinny waist. "That's evidence!"
“Just tell me where John was last.” Sherlock spoke in a soft, silent tone. He looked around Lestrade before making eye contact with him again. His eyes softened and his fist untangled.
Sherlock grabbed Dylan's shirt and revealed his collarbone. The symbol that he had been told about from Molly was on his collarbone too.
“Goodbye!” Sherlock yelled and somehow played the note louder. Mycroft clicked his tongue against his teeth and walked downstairs. He said goodbye to Mrs Hudson and left, smirking slightly as he walked down the streets of London.
Molly looked proud. She smirked and puffer her chest out as she continued to pace around the lab, avoiding the shattered beaker off course. The last thing she needed right now was for glass shards to lodge up her shoe and into her foot. Though, she's had glass in her foot before, it wasn't an experience that she'd want to go through again.
“You're overestimating the ability of deduction. If I had been able to do it with this case don't you think I would've done it by now? I don't know what this letter could mean and I want to find out as much as you do but there's only so much that I can do and handle. I may not act like it, but I'm a bloody human Lestrade. There are things I don't and won't know.” Sherlock snapped.
“Oh, there's one more thing that I found in the box, Lestrade. It's not exactly unimportant and very useful.”
John didn't deserve to be taken. How did Sherlock miss that he had gone in the first place? No, it wasn't exactly Sherlock's fault anyways. No, it was. He knew it was. And if anything happened to John that would be a second thing that was his fault, the third being that they met in the first place.
“Okay," Sherlock forcefully relaxed his fists, clenching and unclenching them repeatedly, "I’ll try to focus on something that I won’t snap your head at.”
He was blonde with camouflage jeans and a worn out white tank top. He had on combat boots that were the peach colour of sand and messy yet neat hair. His face was unknown as the camera faced his back and his body covered up John halfway from view.
I had gone looking through the camera footage and found John. I watched as he payed for the groceries with a male cashier.” Sherlock said as he showed Lestrade a picture of the cashier from the footage.
He sighed. That wouldn't happen and this isn't what the letters about. Of course it isn't. If John had written it from that situation he would her put the address and all the necessary information.
“You carry the umbrella.” Sherlock had said as he shoved the umbrella into Lestrade's chest before they left Sherlock's flat to go to the funeral.
“He knows. They know. We know. I know. It's simple. We have to search for worn down places and send people in to investigate.”
“No, no. It wasn't them. It was me and a couple other people that I trust more than them. We discovered that the people have blue eyes and don't have any children.”
I wonder if I look dead. Like I lost the will to live. Maybe I've lost a little bit of weight and look too pale, maybe a little to dirty too. I wonder if my eyes still look the same before this all happened. Light and filled with a powerful will. I wonder if that's dead. I wonder if I'm dead. Am I still alive at this point?
“I knew he was. I thought Moriarty would've done something more to him than take memories. Memories can be easily remade.” Sherlock frowned in confusion as the man smiled and laughed.
“Yeah, but can't you deduce something out of it?” Lestrade raised his eyebrow and looked at Sherlock with hope and frustration.
“Oh quit it!” Mycroft exclaimed, picking Sherlock with the tip of his black umbrella. He settled in the client's chair and continued to stare at Sherlock, who started to slowly slide down his chair.
“No, the letter J! Look, I don't have the time to explain! Just let me in and I'll be out as quickly as you can breath.”
Mycroft sighed and leaned forward to get a full look at the insides of the file, which was filled with nothing but photos of a blonde woman. His eyes squint as he spread them out across his desks, Sherlock’s foot tapping impatiently.
“GET OUT!” Sherlock snatched mycroft by the lapels of his tuxedo and dragged his to the stars before shoving his down it. Mycroft stumbled but managed to get his balance before he fell down the whole flight.
The screen went to a high view of a shop, looking down at the people who were shopping, talking, and laughing. It the fast forward on it’s own to when it was around ten to nine at night. A man came into view and put his items on the conveyor belt. The camera was facing towards the man's front and to the cashiers back.
“Yes boss?” Donovan asked as she approached them, looking as equally confused as the other people around them. She looked at the man who had been skulded by Lestrade, looking for answers. He only shrugged and looked fearful before looking back at Lestrade and John. Sherlock kept quiet and vigilant, raising an eyebrow at Donovan and sighing through his nose in annoyance and boredom.
Sherlock sank to his knees in the middle of the common room and wrapped his arms around himself. He couldn't breathe and his eyesight was blurry due to the wind blowing in them when he was sprinting. Or maybe it wasn't the air at all.
Lestrade's shoulders dropped in disbelief as Sherlock continued to smile and laugh. He supposed the insult was worth it because Lestrade hadn't seen Sherlock smile or laugh for about four months. Maybe five.
Sherlock looked into the large box for anything else that was in there, but it was empty. After he had began to sob in his bed that one night, he began to laugh and he couldn't stop. He laughed so hard he fell over and almost knocked Mrs. Hudson down with him when she came to check on him from his nonstop laughing. His tears didn't stop but neither did his laughs. It was somehow funny.
He blew a harsh breath through his nostrils before mumbling a 'fine'. He pushed the eject button on the DVD player and received the tape before putting it into its case, Lestrade and Sherlock's eyes glued onto him.
"We found a clue and we have a face." Sherlock said with a confused look at the Inspector. This caught Lestrade's attention because his eyes opened up quickly and his posture correct itself in mere seconds.
“Uh- not you- no- not you- it's someone that I know that I thought of.” Lestrade inwardly slapped himself at his stuttering.
“That's it?” Lestrade's chest puffed out as he huffed a dry laugh. He quickly looked around the room before looking back at the man in front of him.
Sherlock frowned as he slowly opened the envelope, being careful to not rip the paper inside. Once it was fully opened he took a deep breath.
John smiled and gently pushed Sherlock away so he could look at him too. Sherlock laughed and smiled more than he had in years. John joined and slightly frowned.
"I didn't ask for your input. I want you to read this and find this woman." Sherlock ordered, his gaze still burning into Mycroft's as he shoved the file towards him.
“Yes, I'm afraid both me and Mrs. Hudson have repeatedly looked over to box and the envelope.” Sherlock cocked his right eyebrow and looked down at Lestrade.
He had Redbeard for years before he had died. Sherlock had been crushed by the death of his animal friend, but Sherlock lived to remember that dog.
He looked around and spotted a blonde woman sitting in the chairs that were pushed against the wall.
Sherlock came striding out of one car and to the front where Harry and Lestrade were. When Sherlock's eyes landed on Harry he frowned as he deduced her. When he realised she was Harriet Watson, sister of John Watson, he looked back to the door as they kept walking.
Sherlock looked at the box of evidence in the corner of Lestrade office before looking back at Lestrade.
“A man was reported missing in this shop, he was at this cash register and I would like to see what he had bought and around what time along with how much money he had spent.” Sherlock pulled his scarf tighter on his neck to prevent his hands being on the woman's neck, who looked at the paper in disinterest.
Anderson pointed harshly with his eyes wide open to the blonde man getting into the limousine again.
Harriet was on the ground, lifeless, with torn clothes, wide open eyes that were cold and used to be filled with fear, and a bloody body and face. She had been killed earlier on the day by an alcohol and drug overdose. The blood had come from her mouth, she had coughed to much and hard and got it on her hands. To try to hide the evidence she wiped her hands on her clothes, that leading to her whole abdomen and thighs to be covered with a smelly red colour.
“I figured something out. SHERLOCK!” John harshly whispered and leaned in closer to Sherlock's ear with a frown on his face.
“But there is one thing I could deduct from this letter.” Sherlock mumbled deeply in the silence as he stared at the letter in his hand.
“What?” Lestrade asked and turned to the man, who had let his hand fall limp by his side and slightly move backwards in fear of what was to come next.
His mind fogged up and darkened when the thought of John came around. He wanted to find him before it was too late and rip the people who thought of taking John away to shreds, but he should've done that weeks ago. A month ago.
He was close, so close to finding John, but of course, the static had to come and screw up everything. The footage had cleared from the static and showed the cashier by the door with a black bag. The bag was large, a large black bag. Large. Black bag.
She kept a smooth face with a smirk. He could tell that she already knew that he'd say yes, all she needed now was for him to accept it. She was dressed quite sharply and had on makeup. She was pretty, but he could sense the danger with her. He like it for some reason, but he felt like the type of danger was wrong. As if she wasn't the person he'd want to feel the danger with.
“Did you order Harriet to be released?” Lestrade said in a deadly calm voice, a trace of a smile coming on.
“If you don't bite down the STUPID ATTITUDE OF YOURS, YOU'RE GOING TO BE IN THE REVOLUTION, GET KIDNAPPED FOR ALL I CARE, AND HAVE NO MEMORY OF ANYTHING!” Lestrade yelled furiously in her face, forcing her to back up and uncross her arms. Her eyes filled with shock, and what made Lestrade inwardly smirk was the fear in her eyes.
“I'll make sure you're wife knows you bargain in strip clubs and have one night stands with them. Good day to you too sir.” Sherlock left the cursing, red man who had barely opened his mouth to ask yet another question about his and John's personal life.
Sherlock stared at the bag as if it had just insulted his family. His eyes were glaring holes into that bloody bag that held so many lies, and yet one truth. One truth that Sherlock hoped to have very soon so that way this case could finally be over.
He moaned and paced around the two chairs, still in his pajamas and blue, thin, silk robe. His hair was messed up and his face was cleanly shaven from any hairs. He looked paler and skinnier, somehow and John was staring at his pacing body from the kitchen where he stood with a frown decorating his face.
“So?” Sherlock scoffed and frowned at Lestrade with a look that said ‘Do I look like I care?’ Oh yeah, no.
He spun around quickly with wide eyes, completely freaked out. His knees bent so he was lower than he originally was and he screamed ‘Mycroft!’ In a whisper.
“You always were quite empty headed.” Mycroft mumbled to himself, as if Sherlock wasn't in the room.
His eyes darted around the room that was cluttered with papers, experiments, dark shades on the tables and walls from explosives, and dirty dishes. He took a deep breath and showily released it, his eyes glancing at the clock for the hundredth time. His fingers remained intertwined together and his lips firmly pressed against them.
The flat went quiet and John's hard face had soften instantly. His eyes went wide and hurt showed on his face. Sherlocks face had softened as well, but he had no signs of regret or sorrow. John shook with rage and his clenched fist turned his knuckles white.
With that, the man on the other side hung up, leaving Sherlock shocked as he stared at the wall with his phone still to his ear. He jumped and made a startled yelp when someone knocked on the door downstairs. Mrs. Hudson had gone out to get groceries and was gone, leaving Sherlock to answer the door.
As much as it hurt to look and pretend he didn't care, he did. He always has cared for everything that has done something good in his life. It's just reminded him of Redbeard.
He quickly got up after seconds of processing what had happened and headed for the stairs, putting on his coat to look somewhat decent. He ruffled his still damp curly hair as he made his way down the stairs. He gripped the doorknob and swung open the door to find a…
“Don't pester me of my weight Sherlock,” Mycroft said with a deeper voice, his smile straining. “I could go all day bothering you if your nonexistent intelligence.”
Sherlock had stopped playing the low note once Mycroft shut the door behind him. He considered throwing the file away into the fire pit and burning it, but he wanted to know where it was and how he could get it back. He put his violin away and picked up the scattered file that fell on the floor when he shot up to yell at Mycroft.
Lestrade huffed and sat back down in his comfy, black, padded swivel chair. He closed his eyes and sighed again before sitting up, opening his eyes,  and grabbing his coffee mug. The coffee had been made extra strong to keep him awake, but that only cost him hours to be spent awake then asleep and dark purple half moons under his eyes.
“Lestrade? It's Molly. Molly Hooper. I got new information on the corpses of the missing people that had been given back to us. I found something on their-” a crash rang from the other side of Lestrade's phone. Molly screamed as the sound stopped. It sounded like glass had broken. Lestrade froze and stared ahead of him in shock and worry.
Lestrade sat down in the seat in front of the computer and inserted the tape into the VCR. He hooked up the VCR to the computer and jumped when the screen turned black instead or the blue scream that said ‘no signal’.
The tension between the three of them was still lifted in the air and Lestrade kept looking at Sherlock with sorrow. He also kept putting his hand on Sherlock's shoulder and giving it a squeeze whenever they talked about the case and John.
Sherlock blamed him for not being able to fight back. It was so unfair. Yes, John knew himself he didn't remember anything about Sherlock or anyone else he had ever met before, but that didn't mean he didn't try to get them back. John knew he had to be that guy who doesn't go down easily. He was always as stubborn as Sherlock in someway.
Sherlock slammed a file down on the desk and crossed his arms; his posture pointed out that Sherlock was agitated and annoyed. Mycroft stares at the file, raised an eyebrow, and sat back into his chair as he raised his gaze to meet his younger brothers.
He went down the aisles and looked around, cringing inwardly when he saw objects or items that reminded him of John.
Lestrade cocked his eyebrow before clearing his throat, stopping in front of her. Once she registered there was someone in front of her she looked up. Her eyes had dark half moons under them and her blue eyes were fogged. Her hair wasn't a mess, but it wasn't exactly neat.
“It's John's. That was his favourite jumper to wear.” Sherlock stared at the cloth for a couple more second before he looked back up to Lestrade and Harry.
“Yeah, I know. I saw your name tag thing.” She pointed to the board that had the names of missing people on it. Of course, his name wasn't on there and she was drunk out of her mind, but Harry had sounded familiar to him.
He frowned and stood up, pulling on Dylan's arms to haul him up to his feet. Sherlock looked at Lestrade before he nodded.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade whispered after frowning at both the woman and Sherlock. “There's nothing you could do about it now. She's gone Sherlock, but John's not. You can still save him if not his….” Lestrade stopped short and looked away from Sherlock in the early London air.
She grabbed the paper with both hands to unfold it before stopping. "But," John quirked his eyebrow wearily as his gaze snapped back up to hers. "You'll have to be cooperative and let me tell you the truth if you want to see who it is."
“Yes, I would like to know if I could check the computer to see a credit card number and receipt.” Sherlock told the woman quickly in his baritone voice, his eyes scanning the cash register and conveyor belt.
“Sorry for my friend, ma’am!” Lestrade yelled after her, “The elevator doesn't go all the way to the top floor for him!”
Sherlock hailed a cab and told the address to the driver through clenched teeth. His jaw was sore from how much pressure he put on it, but he didn't care. John was suffering more than he was for all he knew.
“Really," Sherlock said and looked back out of his window as the cab took off the Baker Street from Scotland Yard. "Then you're a dwarf, no, Hobbit due to how short you are."
"Are you okay?" A grunt from Sherlock was her only reply. She sighed and turned towards the photo again.
John smiled at the cashier and said something, possibly ‘hello’. The cashier seemed to say it back because John's smile widened and he replied to the man. The two had a small conversation and the cashier scanned the items and put them in plastic bags. John payed with his card and when he went to grab the bags before a man in a black suit came up behind the cashier and wrapped his arms around from the back before throwing him to the ground. John had been alarmed by this and was about to attack the man before he was grabbed by another one of the men from behind, who had started to drag John backwards. John had struggled and managed to punch the man in the face, he yelped and let go of John, who went to help the cashier who had been dragged out of view.
“Why would you want to do that?” Sherlock inwardly sighed as he took a deep breath. He took the paper out of his trench coat pocket and handed it to her with his gloved hands.
“Yes, either that or it was extremely cold in the room.” Sherlock sarcastically said and rolled his eyes.
"I have a feeling that Moriarty is somewhat involved in this Lestrade. I can't just give up and let it slide."
"No, he's wrong. As you stated before, John's slimmer than that man and his height didn't fit John's descript-"
Sherlock mentally killed himself from those words. What kind of explanation was that?! A knee slapper? And Sherlock was supposed to be the smart one!
Lestrade hadn’t planned his day to end up like this, him and Sherlock on the couch about to watch a video that came from Johns captors. Why, he should’ve made some popcorn for the two of them to share!
“The backgrounds that they had come from weren't the best. Some of them had abusive parents, some had siblings that would sexually molest them, some had parents that would take pictures of them in unfriendly ways. And a couple had abusive boyfriends.” Lestrade informed as he flicked through the files and pictures of the abducted people. He looked back up to Sherlock who was frowning and staring at the wall.
He had also remembered first time he had been scared to love something so much that he would die for it.
They would have came as soon as they found out that this was where the man lived, but they had sent a policeman and policewoman to scope out the area as they passed by the house casually; only to find that the cashier was staring out his window with wide eyes.
"I'm not asking or telling you to." Lestrade sighed with annoyance and gave Sherlock a caring glance. "All I'm asking is that you take care of yourself because if John comes back with everything-"
He hadn't eaten since Lestrade had forced him to and that was about two or three days ago, and God, don't even get Mrs. Hudson started on the last time Sherlock had a proper bath. She should go up to Sherlock's room and demand him to take a shower, even if he didn't fully wash behind his ears.
Sherlock had been a wreck since John had left. He had tantrums that only John had known how to handle and Sherlock was in a downright mood swing up in his room. He was just too confused and lost in this case that he spent all his time, thinking, up in his mind palace.
The screen turned black and smoke came out of the VCR. Lestrade quickly took the tape out of the VCR and ran out of the room with Sherlock behind him.
“Oh dear.” Mrs. Hudson whispered as she looked around the flat of 221B Baker Street. Her face was somewhat worried and somewhat scared of what she would find today as she cleaned up the messy place up a bit.
“Anderson," Lestrade said as he looked over at a wide eyed Anderson. "This is the security tape from a week ago." Lestrade groaned and copied Sherlocks position of pinching the space between his eyebrows in disappointment.
She entered the room and looked at a twenty year old woman. She was blonde and quite tall, blue eyes that were closed, pale skin, long fingers and fingernails.
She had gotten a call from Lestrade that Sherlock was getting impatient with this case and he needed more information on it. Sherlock had wanted to come and work on the autopsies with Molly, but Lestrade and his team needed Sherlock at the station more than here in the labs.
“Sherlock? Hey, you here?” Lestrade whispered as he gripped the Loo’s doorknob and twisted it, only to find that it didn't twist all the way.
Mycroft had parked in the front of their flat as Mrs. Hudson thought about her past and what she did with her life while she was cleaning the kitchen. He sighed and looked over the roof of the car and watched as lestrade's head came into view as well. He had a nervous face on and was holding his cup of coffee quite hard.
“I'll make sure your daughter knows you made out with her boyfriend and flirted with him this past weekend. Seriously, you've got to make sure her boyfriend is a teen like her, not a twenty-five year old man. He's old enough to be her father, shame on you, really.” And with that, Sherlock had decided he should retire back to his flat.
He blinked and realized he was already parked at the station. He got out and sighed before looking up at the clouded sky. Once, just once could he solve a case without someone who’s not already dead getting murdered?
“I'm sorry Lestrade, I've been looking and searching, but that mark was all that there was.” Molly looked frightened and slightly sorrowful. She had been working day and night and had exhausted herself so much that she had fallen asleep at her lab table, where her head was inches away from a bowl with a brain in it; much to her dismay.
Well, here's yet another chapter as promised. It's getting quite interesting and fun to write now, so yeah.... ONWARDS!!!!
A knock was heard from downstairs and the clanking of the class cups stopped, Mrs. Hudson then rushed downstairs as she yelled ‘wash yourself up Sherlock’. The door opened and voices were heard, nothing Sherlock payed attention to. He continued to lifelessly pluck at his violin strings. His eyes darted at the door for a split second as the sound of footsteps were heard coming up before darting back ahead.
Sherlock moved his face so quickly to the window that his nose almost rammed into the glass. His multiple coloured eyes (mainly blue with a little bit of yellow, and even some green) fixed onto the small box that laid in front of the doorsteps.
The coffee came out of Lestrade's mouth and nose. He spit the coffee across his table and the coffee slowly and painfully dripped down Lestrade's nostrils down to his chin.
Sherlock's chest clenched. John held so much hope in Sherlock, and he blew it away. He let John down when he thought he’d come for him. ‘Not some kind of guy’ he is.
Lestrade made his way through the doors and entered the main hall. It was more like a mall, it was quite huge.
“No I meant-! Nevermind.” Lestrade ran his hand through his hair as Harry mumbled and ranted on about how sick it was for her to be in a relationship with her brother.
Seconds later Mycroft was on the other side of the hall, watching the still closed door with curious eyes. Mycrofts gaze went back and forth between Lestrade and the door due to the way that Lestrade was as white as a sheet and he was breathing harshly due to the scare.
“We don't know who's it is sir, but we found it by the downstairs bathroom along with a collection of knives.”
He had also looked at Sherlock suspiciously before he allowed him access when Sherlock had called Lestrade to talk to the manager since he didn't believe that Sherlock was the actual ‘Sherlock Holmes , the guy who solves crimes and can tell your whole life story by a speck of dust on your finger’.
“You know what? Go ahead and try to solve this with him," Anderson pointed angrily towards Sherlock. "He's a mess boss! Look at him! He won't do any good with his pet missing!"
Mycroft felt amusement at the sight of him deep down inside, but he made sure to stay professional and kept his face cool and unattached.
Lestrade sighed. This was something that he didn't exactly want to deal with right now, but had to because she had new information that could help the case.
Seconds later Mycroft was on the other side of the hall, watching the still closed door with curious eyes. Mycrofts gaze went back and forth between Lestrade and the door due to the way that Lestrade was as white as a sheet and he was breathing harshly due to the scare.
People threw Sherlock confused, angry, sorrowful, and nonchalant glances. He brushed them off as quickly as they were thrown to him. What people thought and said didn't effect him.
“Me, sir.” A young brunette man came up with his hand raised to his shoulder. He was slightly taller than John and had groomed hair underneath his dark blue hat. His badge shone in the grey light and his pale face was filled with uncertainty and slight fear.
"I can't see him at the moment. I'd rather stick to my old guns, thank you." Sherlock said sourly with a punch of fury. Lestrade could never even think of fully understanding the Brotherly Holmes Love. He had to keep from laughing as he made a mental note to call the Holmes' dynamic by the new title he created.
Sherlock went to the mirror and stared at himself. His eyes were clouded and his hair a mess. He was bony and pale. He grimaced in disgust.
Sherlock sighed and put his leg back into the car and shut the door once all of him was in the vehicle. He looked down at his hands, which were situated in his lap, and thought. He thought of what he could be doing right about now. He thought about why he wasn't inside his flat by now. He thought about why there was a package in front of his flat's door.
“Sherlock, this package doesn't have an address to where or who it came from. I'll let you see it if you come and fill your tummy with food and water.” Mrs. Hudson said in a song tune.
Molly heard pages flipping through the phone and her smile widened. She had done something that could be told to Sherlock. To Sherlock. He would, no, he has to be impressed with Molly. He would smile and say ‘Good job. Be my wife’. Molly then sighed. No. That's not Sherlock.
"Well," Lestrade wiped his face with his hand as he sighed. "You better figure something out because we'll need his authority in the government to gain access to who this woman is."
“Yes,” She replied, frowning even more to the strange question. “I got an E-mail for her to be released.”
The screen went black and remained that way for about thirty seconds before it showed the date again.
Whoa right? I’ve got the whole plot written out so I should be writing more frequently now. Hopefully it drags on and makes sense to people at the end of everything. I really thank you for reading and I hope you enjoy this story so far. If not, tell me and I’ll make sure to make it more interesting. Thank you! K byeeee!!
Lestrade opened the door and got out, closing it behind him. Multiple other officers had gotten out too, along with Harry. They all made their way to the front door quietly, looking around for anything unusual.
"Yes, actually." Sherlock replied looking over his shoulder and he put his left leg through the window. He looked back at the window and frowned in concentration as he slid his lower half through the opening. His foot touched a solid platform on the other side and his lip twitched into a small smirk as he shimmied in.
Some photos were of men and some other ladies with fancy dresses on, probably at a retirement party. Though, only one was of the blonde woman in the purple shirt and black diamonds. There was another one of a brunette man and his wife as they posed in front of a national park sign.
“Sherlock, I'll try to get that but let me tell you why these people have been taken. When we had looked over the files and people we-”
A calming silence rang through the car. Lestrade stared ahead, lost in his own thoughts as Sherlock casually drummed his fingers on his right knee. They both had met the parents of the cashier and walked away when she started to use unclean profanity against policemen.
He must've had a rough childhood, then leading him to join the military to get away for a little while.
“Yeah?! Maybe because one has!” Donovan spat back. Lestrade growled and clenched his hands to fists. He had enough of her bloody attitude throughout the years he's been working at the station. He deserved a little more respect.
Sherlock stared at his dark blue eyes as John stared back at him, confused and slightly relieved. Before Sherlock knew his arms were thrown around John and his face was hidden in John's neck. He staggered backwards a little but had caught himself before anything could happen that involved pavement.
What he didn’t have on his desk was a small DNA bag with a strand of hair in it and a straight faced Sherlock hovering over him as he stared off into the distance that was nonexistent. But jeez, Lestrade only wanted a couple of minutes to think without a Holmes breathing down his neck.
He unzipped the bag carefully and opened it, peering inside of it before grimacing in disgust. The smell, oh the smell.
“Nonsense Sherlock. Shoo! Go!” She lightly swatted at Sherlock's arm and moved out of the way so he could walk to the kitchen, which he did.
"Alright. Fine. Have it your way...." he squint as he wracked his brain for an answer he has been told many times before. "....Graham?"
Sherlock went over to the passenger's side of the car with the umbrella, leaving Lestrade glaring at him as he walked to the drivers side, exposed for the rain to soak him. Once they were inside Sherlock threw the umbrella onto the back seats.
"Yes, I am." Sherlock said sternly to his brother once the shock that Anthea was there the whole time faded away.
“The cash register that you were taken at has been cleaned and restored back to normal, you can tell by the one dent on a key-”
Two policemen came up to show their findings, both which shocked Lestrade. The first one was the black bag on the footage, and the second one was a piece of cloth that was held in the plastic bag. Sherlock frowned at the cloth.
Once he was done screaming he looked around the flat and realised he was a mess. Papers and broken furniture laid scattered around on the floor and knifes stuck out from the walls and fireplace. Stains of tea and coffee decorated the walls and some parts of the floor Sherlock didn't bother to mop. His chest heaved and he looked down to look at what coffee mug he had broken and almost let out a dry heave.
Sherlock growled again and glared at Mycroft harder. Did he think this was some type of sick joke? Obviously he did! Sherlock would like to see him try to solve this! He wouldn't had even found the scars on the people until a couple of weeks…. okay, days, but Sherlock's point still stands.
Sherlock moved his hands on the cash register and pulled out his magnifying glass. He frowned as he looked at the metal through the glass.
The cab came to a stop in front of the department and Sherlock swung open the car door after throwing the money to the driver. He started walking towards the entrance, a serious blank face on. His mask was in place with his anger, and he wasn't a nice man at the moment.
Lestrade, Harry, and Sherlock made their way to the car's where the man was standing. He was fidgeting with his shirt and looking around. Once his eyes locked onto Lestrade and the other two people behind him he started talking.
And now, the roles were reversed, except Mrs. Hudson was the one holding Sherlock and not John. John had started to make noises as more sobs had came, they sounded like he was laughing, but he wasn't. He wasn't laughing inside or outside. If anything he was screaming and crying.
Lestrade was taken back by that. Sherlock Holmes had just said please?! What was John doing to the guy?
Sherlock had remembered the first time he had cared for something so much that he'd die for it. He had only been a kid, but Sherlock still loved it senseless.
He yelled in frustration and kicked the tire of the car repeatedly. With each kick he cursed and grunted in anger. How long would this case be? It’s been going on for four months now, more and more people are being taken and here Lestrade is, drinking coffee and kicking the tires of police cars and letting people die. He’d had enough of it and just wanted the man who’s been taking the people to just die already. Lestrade had stopped kicking the car and leaned against it, running his hands down his face.
Once the funeral had finished with a prayer and a sad goodbye, the group dispersed and went their own ways. Sherlock and Lestrade walked towards Lestrade's car, Sherlock holding the umbrella above their heads with a tight fist.
He found out that John had bought three cartons of milk, strawberry jelly, eggs, a loaf of bread, biscuits, some more tea, and a new razor with multiple razor blades.
Sherlock then froze when he saw the last page with the picture of a person paper clipped to it. He slowly raised it closer to his face and stared into the eyes of this person. The name below the picture was in bold print and stood out to slap Sherlock in the face.
Sherlock stopped in front of the wall that had the pictures and thumbtacks and string, staring at it for a second and silencing his breathing so the whole flat was quiet, before groaning in frustration and ripping every paper off of the wall. John widened his eyes more as Sherlock scratched the wall to rid of the papers, thumbtacks and string.
She had told Lestrade the only reason why he had come was to find ‘Johnny-boy’ and bring him back. She didn't care what she had to do. She had found out he went missing when they list the names of missing people on the telly with the information about them (height, weight, colour of eyes and hair) and a picture to go along with it.
His dog had been the precious thing in his life that kept him going. That dog had done miracles for Sherlock and Sherlock had done miracles for that dog.
The two men stared at each other, each had a face of sparking anger and for John, confusion. Lestrade stood in the left of Sherlock and John was on his right, staring down Sherlock. The detective inspector had no ideas as to what he should do to stop it before it became physical, which was highly doubtful on Sherlock's part. He wouldn't hurt John Watson, even if John stabbed him or killed him, Sherlock would just sigh and look sad before accepting it. The two men saved each other in more ways than one and would never kill each other in more ways than one.
The sunset was beautiful. It had orange, yellow, red, blue, purple, pink, and some grey. It loomed over London and Baker Street with it's array of colours and washed over the sky. Sometimes people ignored it and moved on, but other people stopped to stare at the beautiful source of light and life. Sherlock was staring at the light with colours filling his sight. It was magnificent and wonderful… Until the black spots started coming in.
“That wasn't so bad, now was it?” Lestrade said as he placed the key in the ignition and started the car.
Not only did Sherlock not lift his mood, but he added multiple things to the ‘to do’ list. He had received many calls, messages, emails, hell even actual mail from parents, siblings, husbands and wives and friends from the people who had been taken. They all wanted information but sadly he didn't have any. He told the people that and they only got infuriated.
Once they were back at Baker Street, Lestrade pulled over and stopped the car, putting his hand on Sherlock's arm to prevent him from leaving the car. Sherlock looked at the DI’s hand before looking at Lestrade himself. He took his hand off of the door handle of the car and placed it on his lap as he continued to stare at Lestrade.
“No! Since when did I have a sister!” John yelled, his soft and sad face leaving and replaced with a hard and stern one on.
“I'm a Consulting Detective! Sherlock Holmes! THE Sherlock Holmes! Move aside because I work WITH Scotland Yard and I can either play nice with you, or play dirty. Your choice.” Sherlock argued back with clenched fists. Really, he had enough of him. That stupid manager and his horrible cologne.
Sherlock and Lestrade took a look at the cashier and noticed he had stopped breathing. They both frowned and Lestrade looked around the room as Sherlock looked at the cashier.
“Lonely…” Sherlock mumbled and buried his face into his knees, wrapping his arms around his head in the process.
His footsteps could be heard as he walked towards it with slow and steady feet. He didn't like the way that the flat gave him this cold feeling inside, usually it was a bright and lighter area that could actually allow people to feel like they could breathe.
So sorry for the late update, I just needed some time to think and have some alone time. But as promised, here's the next chapter! Woo-hoo! And a little note for after you read the chapter- Don't hate me.... the story is just starting. :P
“John, we had to make sure she was okay before this happened! She was drunk out of her mind when she came to meet you!” Lestrade defended, making Sherlock raise and eyebrow in slight amusement to the situation.
“I didn’t John! I didn’t order for her to be released!” Lestrade yelled and flailed his arms in the air the emphasize his point, spilling coffee on the ground and down his own arm. It was now Lestrade’s turn to glare at John and John’s turn to not know what to say or do.
Mycroft had taken his leave when Sherlock kept glaring at him and kept looking around and clearing his throat.
Yeah, Sherlock had received several other texts after he left Lestrade. He finally got annoyed with the buzzing of his phone and went to check them.
"Huh?” He grumbled again, his tired body gaining enough strength to make a frown appear on his face.
He dated it back to when John had come into the shop and he watched it. Three minutes into the tape Sherlock fast forward it to around nine fifty at night and saw John enter. Sherlock switches his gaze to each camera as he followed John as he shopped. The store was about empty as two couples and one woman went around and shopped. By the time John was done they had left.
Sherlock let out a breath and closed his eyes for a moment. It felt nice to hear his voice again when he really was still John. The man only tilted his head slightly down and flicked his right hand in a dismissive way.
“The screen went blank and when it came back up he had a bag. A large black bag that had something heavy in it.” Sherlock explained and stared at Lestrade as his jaw dropped.
“Thank you Mrs. Hudson. Leave it at the door.” He looked back down and blinked, licking his lips in the process.
“You solve this bloody case since it's so easy!” He threw the papers at Mycroft's face, which smacked him before all the papers dispersed and fell to the floor.
He sat down next to John, who was now glaring at Sherlock, and set the tea by his foot. He took a deep breath in and his smile faded, leaving a serious and hard face in it's awake. He intertwined his fingers and placed them in front of his lips, staring and thinking.
“I honestly don't know who you are or where you come from, but whatever you're trying to stop won't happen.” Sherlock glared back at the manager. “Not with me.”
Mycroft smiled once again and tilted his head up to get a good look at the papers in Sherlock's hands. He raised his unimpressed and poked the stack of papers that had just been crumpled.
“How!?” He yelled and forcefully turned Sherlock around to face him, grabbing the lapels of his coat to force him to the same height as him.
Sherlock went back into the common room before slamming the door behind him so he muffled Mycroft's voice.
Lestrade walked slowly down the dark hall and looked around with wary eyes, his hands no longer held his coffee cup as he set it down on the table in the kitchen. His breathing could be heard, even and quiet.
Sherlock took a picture or the cash register and conveyor belt with his mobile before pocketing it again. His eyes trailed to the ground and he realised it too had marking upon it that weren't there before when he checked.
Mycroft however also knew that he himself was not angered by Sherlock's ways, he remained calm and didn't move a muscle as Sherlock shot In front of his face. He had a neutral face, so Sherlock would understand he wasn't freighted and Sherlock would get even angrier.
The cashier was shocked and startled from Harry's outburst. He looked around at the three people standing in front of him. His eyes landed on Sherlock and his eyes widened.
It was moments like these in life where Mycroft wished his brother could understand what was needed to be successful in this cruel world. He had shown people that he had sentimental feelings towards John Watson, and someone noticed. Now John's gone and had been gone for seven months.
He sniffed as some tears had managed to escape. He tried to bring his hands up to wipe them away but Mrs. Hudson shook her head and lightly pushed his hands back down onto his laps.
Sherlock stared at it, realising this could be the answer to everything and he could find John before anything drastic happened to him. But in the other hand, it could mean that he was already too late and John would know nothing of a man named ‘Sherlock Holmes’.
Sherlock let out a frustrated growl and clutched the papers in his fist harder, glaring at the door which showed a particularly hated figure.
“Oh lord, hopefully we can get a decent package next time with decent information to help find John.” Mrs. Hudson sighed. “Sherlocks a wreck without him. He keeps thinking about him and it always brings him down. I keep telling him to not worry because either way, they come back to us-”
“Look,” the man sighed and put his hand on his hip as the other ran through his brown hair. “I don't know if I could permit that-”
“She's your sister, not anymore, obviously.” Sherlock replied deeply, the two men still staring at each other and not breaking eye contact.
Lestrade took the package and ordered the man to look around the flat with the other policemen and women and ask people around the flat if they saw anything.
Sherlock would run to the stairs and wait there if that was what the letter was about. And every time the door opened he'd fling his arms open wide and smile.
The line was silent on the other side. Sherlock thought about saying something like ‘hello?’ Or ‘Sherlock Holmes’ but decided against it.
His mind had only gotten darker as the days passed. He had no new information so he couldn't do anything. He had been walking around London and thought about how things would be when John came back, since Sherlock already knew he was too late. He couldn't do anything about John's memories and would only have to make more.
She squint at a woman who seemed to be smirking past a light in a purple blouse with black diamond earrings. The background was dimly lit and her hair was blonde and short. Far shorter than Molly hair. She grabbed the photo carefully, placing the magnet back onto the fridge before examining the photo again. She could feel something was off about that woman. For a reason Molly couldn't describe, she didn't like her at all.
"You do look like a bloody mess, Holmes. You're skinnier, which I didn't think could be possible, you're more pale than you were before, you have bags underneath your eyes-"
“Do you bloody mind?” Mycroft snapped as he turned around in his chair to look at Sherlock. He shrugged and stared at Mycroft with a bored expression.
Lestrade and Mycroft split up to find the curly haired detective in the silent, dark flat. Lestrade took the loo and Mycroft took the kitchen as they already knew the common room was empty.
A silence filled the room as tension thickened even more between the siblings. Anthea had cleared her throat to remind the brothers that she was still present, making both brothers somewhat jump and jerk their heads her way.
He had been looking over London's security footage with Mycroft before Sherlock had come in and ruined it. They were trying to find any suspicious cars or people over the cameras, but there was nothing that could lead them.
Sherlock hummed and went to the wall where the pictures of missing people had once been and picked up papers and pictures that were littered on the floor. He hadn’t had the time to pick the ripped papers up, and thankfully some papers weren’t ripped. He sat down on his chair and glared at them, thinking. John still stared at Sherlock and continued to stand by the frame of the kitchen. He frowned as he watched the detective grip his head and stare at the papers in his lap.
There were multiple finger nail scratches upon the belt, making the line where the nails had scraped a shade lighter.
“Mr. Holmes, what's the matter with you for lord's sake?” She said as she quickly made her way to collect the empty glass cups that littered on the floor and tables. She cringed when she smelled the inside of the cups before rushing into the bathroom to collect even more.
The package was left out on the floor by Johns chair. Mrs. Hudson had seen Sherlock sneak a couple of glances towards it and she could tell he just wanted to open it and not eat at all. He had told her on multiple occasions that the thought of food sickens him.
“Yes,” Sherlock sighed and leaned back into his chair, his aching back relaxing. “He would do something like that, but I don't exactly have the right clue as to what it would mean.”
“This is the room that we can see and look at videos on.” Lestrade said as he watched Sherlock look around with a slight frown on his face.
Lestrade jumped up from his seat as Sherlock glared daggers at him. "Well it wouldn't be such a bad idea considering what you've just told me about her! If she has a place in this case then he has a right now know so that way he can," Lestrade waved his hands around with a 'I don't care' face, "look her up or something!"
“HEY!” John grabbed the file filled with papers and chucked it at Sherlock, who laughed and ducked as it went flying above his head.
John in the recording was on on repeat and he kept chanting the one sentence. Both Lestrade as Sherlock stared at the screen as John’s voice filled the empty and quiet room. Sherlock couldn't deduce anything because the lighting was off. Johns face was hardly visible and only his silhouette told that a man was in front of the camera.
People were running around with papers and coffee mugs in hands. Others were on the phone with panic written all over their faces. In fact, everyone's face had a worried expression.
Silence followed again and Lestrade looked at Sherlock, moving to point his feet at the skinny detective.
"Sherlock Holmes, I need to check for dents and possible signs of a struggle and I'm on the case ‘The-”
Molly frowned at the last part. "Sounds to me like Mycroft already knows where he is." She then laughed at her little joke but stopped when Sherlock nodded.
“What's going on?” Lestrade stopped Donovan from speed walking down the hallway, people pushing and shoving to get to their destination.
Mrs. Hudson went to go make Sherlock a cup of tea with some toast and fruits when a knock was heard at the door, stilling her movements. She wiped her hands on the kitchen towel before she went downstairs.
“Hmm,” Mycroft hummed in thought leaning back in the chair and laying his right ankle on his left knee, “interesting.”
“A man who solves crime and is going to solve yours next if you don't let me look at it.” Sherlock mumbled, earning a surprised look from the woman.
Lestrade grabbed her arm to stop her from throwing another punch to the cashier. Her eyes blazed with fury and her breath heaved. She glared the man down before taking the bag with Johns ripped piece of his jumper from the outstretched hand.
Sherlock had noticed his jaw hurt from clenching it too hard and his nails were digging into his knees and scalp when his phone rang. He quickly picked it up and didn't bother to look at the number before he pressed answer.
Should I still be alive? Will this ever end and go back to the old days with just the three of us at Baker Street? Will I ever know?
“And you,” Lestrade pointed towards the man, “help her to make sure she doesn’t kill anyone while she’s at it. I’m going back to the station.”
“No, no, no, no, no. It's right. I know it is, I mean, it has to be right. There's no other way it can't be right."
"Easy, easy. I'm not here to hurt you." She kept the smile on and reached out to brush her hands on his, which were handcuffed to the middle of the table.
Lestrade groaned and ran his hands through his grey hair. Things like this were Sherlock's thing, finding weird crap and then deducing it before running after the culprit and capturing him. The fact that Sherlock couldn't do that for this case was alarming.
He brought the mug to his parted lips and took sips of the strong black liquid. He took a large gulp and was halfway down his throat when he decided he was finally done for the day and he was relaxed.
There, John Watson had gotten out of a police car and shut the door behind him. He straightened out his coat before looking around, trying to find the detective. He looked over to his right before looking straight ahead, locking eyes with Sherlock and walking that way. Once he was by Sherlock he cleared his throat and frowned slightly.
"I figured something out. SHERLOCK!” John harshly whispered and leaned in closer to Sherlock's ear with a frown on his face.
"What?" Sherlock's smirk stretched into a smile as he reminisced about his insult in the last conversation they had. "It was funny. You should've seen his face. He couldn't hide the shock because the cake he was eating required both hands!"
Then again, it's like when Mr. Hudson had been arrested. She didn't say she should let it go and help him. No. She left.
“You know what this means?” Sherlock quietly asked Lestrade, who had moved his hands so he could look at Sherlock.
“I've done this before.” Sherlock said nonchalantly with annoyance written on his face. Seriously, how did this guy get a job in the first place?
He slouched in his chair in the kitchen, his elbows resting on the table, and his legs bent under the chair he was sitting in.
Sherlock turned around before he had made it to his room and strode back towards John, making his back up unconsciously.
“John? Oh, well, you see, when someone takes something that someone else loves very much, that person tends to come and claim it back. But you didn't do that, oh no, you weren't clear enough to observe it.”
Sherlock didn’t know why or what caused John to have the sudden urge to baby him, but it was getting slightly annoying. Especially since all John did now was stare at Sherlock and frown as he observed him. He wouldn’t have minded at all, but the fact that John does it for hours get’s on Sherlock, and the only time John isn’t watching him is when he’s locked himself in the bathroom to avoid his haunting gaze.
His chest heaved and burned along with his legs. He didn't plan this day to go out like this. Hours ago John was In Front of him, literally giving him the answers to the case. Now he's gone!
The whole place had stopped and stared at him, silence ringing loudly against the tension. All eyes were glued to Donovan and Lestrade as they glared at each other, each one fighting the urge to punch and slap the other.
Lestrade picked up the file of the pictures, opened it and flipped through them. He had kept the file on his desk since Sherlock came in and slammed it on his desk with his phone. Sherlock had then, after he showed and explained the pictures he found and brought to Lestrade, shown the footage to him.
He didn't have to pay much and John had left around nine thirty that night. He remembered getting a text from John that he was on his way back, which made Sherlock quickly put his experiment away before John entered the flat and realised Sherlock had mangled his shoes.
After Sherlock, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson had watched the tape Lestrade took his leave with a sorrowful nod and a soft pat on Sherlock's back, along with a promise to try to bring him back and do a double check on the files so far.
The smile was gone from Sherlock's face by the time he replied to the coffee ridden inspector. He knew he wouldn't win this fight with Lestrade given how annoyed he was at Sherlock from his coffee incident. He'd either forcefully yank him in Mycroft's direction or he would just tell Sherlock to get someone else to help because he's given up. Either one was bad.
Lestrade had of course remembered all the things and stories John had shared with him about Sherlock. John had to force Sherlock to eat and sleep normally and sometimes to even bathe. John smiled and chuckled when he told these stories and called Sherlock crazy and insane, but he liked it.
Sherlock's mind swallowed the information. Mycroft was in on it and looked through the cameras. John went into a store and never came out. John hadn't been followed by anyone around him. John had disappeared.
“Okay Molly, I'll tell you if we got anymore people heading your way. Thank you for the information. We'll give you an award or something you want.” Lestrade stood up his full height from hunching over the pictures.
Sherlock looked over at the window, forgetting she was still outside. She should've said something earlier.
“An E-mail?” Lestrade asked in disbelief before scoffing and groaning in annoyance. John’s hands were already clutched into fists and shaking, anger consuming his face so much that he was red.
The lights flickered and lit the dimly lit room. The smell of blood and mould lingered around and into the nose of the poor man who had been set inside the tightly locked door. The table in front of him used to be a pale blinding white, but was soon replaced with brown, dried up blood. His head hung from his neck and his shoulders were tight and hunched. He no longer had shoes and his trousers and shirt was pure white, well used to be pure white, but now it stained with brown and dark red spots.
“I don't know about John's family.” He said aloud, wanting someone to reply. He couldn't help but stare at the picture again. He had told John in an argument that he knew absolutely
Sherlock had enough of Detective Inspectors for one day, oh wait, he was wrong on that one. One after the other after the other had came by Sherlock and stopped him for ignorant information about the case. Some of the questions were about what else he could deduce from the pictures and corpses of some people who had been abducted.
Please, if this story is uninteresting do tell me and I'll try to spice things up. Thank you for all who have read and commented on this story so far, it means a lot. Until next time.
Mycroft blinked a couple of times before looking away and shutting his slightly open mouth. He cleared his throat and looked back at Sherlock, who still looked dead and plucked at his violin.
Once the two calmed down Sherlock had already opened the package and was about to pull out whatever it held inside. Lestrade moved closer and Mrs. Hudson eyed the box with a curious and worried look.
Sherlock stared at the screen, his mind comprehending what had just happened and what his eyes had seen.
“I don't need to know why these people were taken and I don't care! I only want the address John had last been seen at! Really Detective Inspector, I thought you would be better at your job and helping people in need but clearly you're as deplorable as a snail trying to beat a human in a mile race now give me THE ADDRESS!” Sherlock slammed his fist into the table, making all the objects on it jump.
She sighed and mumbled ‘boys’ before making her way back upstairs to where the sulking detective was. Mrs. Hudson went to stand in front of Sherlocks door with the package still in her hands.
He smirked and turned his head to look at Sherlock, mocking the detective with an almost drunk and satisfied look.
It was a silent truce and bonding time between both of the men who occupied 221B Baker Street. The men just sat and stared, occasionally making jokes or asking questions before going back to being quiet. It was nice, warming. It had even been relaxing, something that never quite happened to Sherlock. It was comfortable.
Sherlock yelled, screaming so loud and hard that he curled up in on himself and squeezed his eyes shut, his mouth widened at an alarming rate.
Ten minutes of the police searching the house and the cashier pleading, they came walking out. Sherlock spotted that one officer was holding a clear plastic bag with an item in it. He couldn't exactly tell what it was due to other officers walking in front of it.
But I forgot, during this case I can't dream. I can't smile or laugh. I don't know happiness anymore. Any trace of happiness has been taken from me. I'm miserable and I can't take it anymore. Of course, I'm not going to kill myself, no, I still have a case to solve, but I'm going to have to start playing a little bit more.... Dirtier.
He hung up and continued the sprint, practically running into the door of Baker Street. He fumbled with his keys before opening it and sprinting upstairs to find it empty.
He furrowed his eyebrows as he flicked through the pages and the pictures again. They all had blue eyes and no children. He managed to find that out sixteen minutes ago when he first looked at it, but wanted to make sure he was correct.
Lestrade looked back down to the pictures after he started to stare at his coffee mug. He swore he heard Molly mumble ‘please love me’. As much as Lestrade wanted Molly to just ask Sherlock to date him and confess, he shipped John and Sherlock just a tad bit more.
Does deadly work maybe? She seems to enjoy cats as- oh that doesn't matter does it? She also must have multiple people after her as she has many passports under a different name, face, date of birth, and social security number. She travels and looks for her next victim but she's not one to kill innocent people, oh no, she only does what she must to protect and provide for herself. This means that if they have control over John it could be a, as John says, 'a bit not good' because he's an Army Doctor who knows to his shoot someone before stitching them up."
She smiled, still looking at her phone, and wiggled her fingers at them in a teasing kind of gesture that meant 'thanks for forgetting me but I'm still here'.
“Where's your little army friend? Did he go off to get you a girlfriend?” He teased, earning a glare from Sherlock in response.
“That's the bag he used to kidnap Johnny-boy.” Harriet whispered, her eyes never leaving the bag that once held her younger brother.
Sherlock stopped and stared at John with hard and furious eyes, locked with fearful and confused eyes.
“Yes, yes that’s her.” The man said with an uncertain voice, as if he was afraid of being punished beyond healing.
“Both! The cashiers dead!” Lestrade yelled. Sherlock stilled and stared, Donovan and Lestrade looking at him confused.
"I didn't do that to you. Someone else did. I'm not your enemy. In fact, I came to show you the truth." She withdrew her hands and reached into her pocket to retrieve something. John sat up straight in a military with and squared his shoulders. He strained his neck to try to get a better glimpse of what she was getting.
Sherlock stared at Lestrade and felt like strangling him. He had already known that! He'd know that the second he looked at the file! He didn't even need to look at the photos to know what.
“MOVE PEOPLE MOVE!” Lestrade yelled. Lestrade went to his office and threw it in the trash can beside his desk. He looked around quickly as the tape caught fire and burned, melting inside of the trash can.
Sherlock stared at John, his mind racing to understand what he had just been told. Yes, the cash was in the bag, and? What the bloody gravel was he supposed to do with that?
Sherlock gripped the glued flap of the cardboard box and ripped the whole flap off in one smooth pull. Mrs. Hudson jumped with an ‘oh neighbors!’ And Lestrade could hear his heart beating in his ears from the unexpected.
Lestrade was concerned about John way more than he had before. Not saying that he cared about John like he would for a paper clip, but he wasn't as obsessed in finding only John like Sherlock. But after he had watched the video he had changed, and was going to do anything to find John. Including the other missing people, of course.
“I just- I just wanted to ask you if you were okay. I mean, I thought that the funeral would remind you of-” Lestrade gestured his hand and looked at Sherlock sadly. “Well, you know.”
There were shoe marks, most likely from the tip or the bottom of the shoe being dragged or banged along the floor. There were multiple markings, two shades. One was black, the other was a type of grey. Black and grey shoes.
John frowned and jerked his head to her closer to the image. The person didn't seem familiar to him at all. He tried to get closer to see if he could identify anything on the person, but everything had come up either short or empty handed. He felt something off in his mind but he decided to leave and forget it.
"Ah, and the baby returns." Mycroft held a tight smile as Sherlock dramatically entered his office. His coat swished gracefully behind Sherlock as he strode towards his brother, a determined look set stone on his pale skin.
“I'm going to ask you once more Mycroft. Where. is. it?”  Sherlock venomously spat through clenched teeth.
“Yes, excuse me.” Sherlock said as he shoved the man out of the way to go check on the register that John had been taken at. The cashier had given him a confused look as he told him to go get another cash register to work at and told the annoyed people in line to leave and get another line to wait in.
“Yes, John still has his mind and had written this in somewhat of a hurry. The paper is old and worn down, so John is in a old and worn down place. His hand was shivering as he wrote this so he must know what's going on and what's going to happen to him-”
“You don't understand!” Sherlock turned to yell at John before ripping up the papers and throwing thumbtacks around the room, not caring if it meant that someone's foot would be impaled.
He clutched his coffee cup even harder than before, impressed that the styrofoam hadn't broken from the pressure, and climbed to the top of the stairs where Mycroft had just stopped at. The door was closed, which sent alarms ringing in Lestrade’s head as the door was never closed.
“John?” Lestrade silently asked, earning two eyes locked on him and causing his to jump slightly. His eyes looked clouded and unrecognisable.
The wind blew in Sherlock's hair and face, darkening the mood and flapping Sherlock's long coat. A glare and a firm jaw set in place on Sherlock's face as he stared at the man on the roof of Barts, standing and waiting for the man to do something.
“I already know that Lestrade! Do you think I'm stupid now!?” Sherlock growled and glared at the DI in front of him.
“Yes? How do you know my name?” John asked and slightly tilted his head. He slowly leaned forward to Lestrade and narrowed his eyes in the process. “Have we met before?”
Mycroft sighed and leaned forward to get a full look at the insides of the file, which was filled with nothing but photos of a blonde woman. His eyes squint as he spread them out across his desks, Sherlock's foot tapping impatiently.
Before him stood the man he cared about the most. The one that helped him through so many things, including depression and suicide.
Two minutes was all he asked for. Two minutes of pure silence and calmness. He hoped to reach that goal but of course, the gods weren't on his side today.
“He was looking around the store and slowly making his way back to the door before he opened it and ran. Now tell me, Lestrade, does that sound suspicious?” Sherlock whispered quickly as he leaned towards Lestrade.
Sherlock hummed in thought as his mind was racing, trying to find out who would do this, what type of person, and where would the person most likely be hiding. Sherlock did know not to underestimate people due to self experience. A man who had five children and a loving wife had slaughtered sixteen people and buried them in his own backyard. An old lady managed to kill her three grandchildren and son before taking herself.
Sherlock put down the magnifying glass and went to the counters in the lab. He opened a drawer and pulled out a bag to put any discoverings in before he went back to the smelling bag. Grimacing due to the strong smell, he turned on the light above him and aimed it directly into the bag for better lighting.He narrowed his eyes and looked around, frowning when a shine reflected the light for a fraction of a second. Sherlock closed his eyes and moved slightly side to side to see if he could see the light again, which he did. He stopped at a specific angle where the light hit the source and reached out to grab it. Once he knew his fingers grasped it he pulled it out and brought it inches from his face, his eyes widened from the object.
“Because John's not here anymore.” Sherlock said sharply, turning to glare at Lestrade with a locked jaw.
“SHUT UP SHERLOCK!” John screamed, earning multiple confused and concerned eyes from the policemen and women.
He was so stupid. How did he not check the bag? It’s not his division to check the bloody bag, that’s why!
The cashier was sitting down in the chair they made him sit in with his hands handcuffed to the table by the metal half circle. He laid face down on the table, unmoving.
I'm so sorry for not being able to keep promises.... so very sorry. At least the next chapter is here now. Yeah. Sorry. The story is about to get a lot more interesting though. Just wait...... Anyways.... Onward Fellow Readers!
Sherlock stared at it, realising this could be the answer to everything and he could find John before anything drastic happened to him. But in the other hand, it could mean that he was already too late and John would know nothing of a man named ‘Sherlock Holmes’.
"Well, judging on the pain in my leg, shoulder, and collarbone, It'd be safe to say that yes, you really are here to do exactly that." He flared with fury and she laughed it off. It sound as if she were a popular high schooler laughing ridiculously at the victim she just insulted.
“Okay.” Lestrade sighed and closed his eyes, putting his hands up in surrender. Sherlock sat down next to him on the couch, staring at the blank screen to watch the truth that it was about to show.
Dylan looked shocked and swallowed before slowly shaking his head. Sherlock only sighed and rolled his eyes in annoyance. He wanted to beat the pulp out of him for John, but he couldn't.
Men and women stood around the grave of the innocent cashier. Well, possibly innocent. Lestrade and Sherlock stood quietly in the crowd as women wept and men sighed. Lestrade frowned and looked at the grave of the young man as Sherlock cringed and shrivelled up when people got too close and bumped into him.
“No dear, you know I don't like ordering things online. I don't know how to do anything, really. It's all just too complicated.” She nodded and slightly frowned as Lestrade looked over at her. “And too pricey.”
“Oh shit!” Lestrade exclaimed as he realised the light was green. He slammed on the gas pedal and the car jerked forward. He looked in the rear view mirror and raised his hand to apologise to the people who were honking behind him. He awkwardly put his hand down and stared ahead of him again.
“Here we go.” Sherlock mumbled when the screen showed a date. The same date when John was first taken.
Harriet's body had been found by a woman who always ran along the trail, and on this damp and cloudy day just managed to stumble across her dead body. She had screamed and immediately called the police, having to be told how to calm down before she hyperventilate.
"Look." Sherlock was going to slide the photo to Lestrade on his table, but remembered what tragedy had happened to it so he instead handed it to Lestrade after he had wiped himself from coffee. Although his hands were clean, he didn't bother to clean his face from the liquid so it still dripped
A silence filled the room as the two men in the room breathed harshly and glared each other down. If looks could kill, Lestrade would be only a blob of flesh and Sherlock would be decapitated with his limbs torn off.
“MAXIMUM BACKUP! I NEED MAXIMUM BACKUP!” Sherlock yelled at his phone as he sprinted down the street to the the flat where John was.
He had waited five minutes before the manager came and asked him questions about the reason he wanted to check the computer. Sherlock had answered the man who was about the same height as him. His dirty blonde hair combed back and his strong cologne reeked the man's blue shirt and trousers.
“Do not waste your time fretting over my little brother, Mrs. Hudson,” Mycroft forced a smile and bend over slightly so he was around her height. “He will come around soon.”
Great, another thing that John wanted to know about but wouldn't help him remember. Sherlock had no idea as to what he should do to help his fellow used-to-be friend. Mrs. Hudson had been very happy that Sherlock had began to come out of his shell, but somewhat sorrowful when he locked himself up in his room after the fight the two men had.
"Great!" Sherlock forced a smile and clapped his hands together to prove he was impassioned. "Then that means some else was involved in this too. Not just Moriarty."
He remembered he just held John as he silently sobbed his heart out. He remembered when John kept whispering harshly ‘you bastard’ and ‘how could you, you little bitch’.
“Then please,” Sherlock motioned for him to continue, “Indulge me with your new information that I don't already know.”
“Goodbye Lestrade.” Sherlock unlocked the door and pulled the door handle, opening the door in one quick motion.
Sherlock went to the main camera and watched as John loaded the groceries on the coveyor belt. He greeted the cashier, who greeted him back. A man with brown hair, a sharp face with a little bit of cheek fat. He was a little bit taller than John, about half a head. He was in shape from what Sherlock could tell from the two that were quite far away from the camera.
It clicked in his head earlier though, how he was the only one who could stop this and save John. The only one out of the seven billion people on Earth, it's him. That's one more thing that he beats Mycroft in.
Lestrade's hand was already halfway to the door knob, ready to twist it and push open to see the consulting detective. His heartbeat drummed in his ears and his breathing had slightly quickened. A click of a lock was heard as his hand rested on the knob.
The door opened to Mrs. Hudson, who waved her hand Infront of her face to blow off the dust that blew her direction. She coughed a fit before looking at Sherlock, raising her eyebrow she made a ‘hmf’ sound.
John's picture, him slightly smiling at the camera with a white background and the normal jacket he wore with a blue striped jumper, was on top of the whole pile. It had all his information on the paper. That one paper. His birthday and family members and address and sex and eye and hair colour. Of course, Sherlock already knew this information from the three years of not only  living with John as a flatmate, but as a ‘friend’. That word always made Sherlock feel uncomfortable but he was certain that John wouldn't let it go. John would always call him by the name of ‘friend’.
“Look, Sherlock, I’m very busy with paperwork so I might have to leave right now to get it done with. I’ll be back as soon as possible though-”
“You didn’t order for her to be released?” John asked quietly, with a shocked face before it scrunched back up into anger and fury again, “Then who did?!”
“My sister?” John asked with a small voice that sounded about ready to crack and eyes that pleaded for it to not be the truth. Sadly, Lestrade nodded and sighed.
Rain. Something that Sherlock and John had always loved hearing and watching. They both used to move their chairs to the window, make tea, turn off all the lights, and stare out into the view as the water droplets fell. It was peaceful and silent as John and Sherlock sipped away at their tea.
"Fine. That's fine." Sherlock cold spat at Lestrade. Anger dripping from his words, he continued. "It's all fine to you, isn't it. Americans are involved in this too."
Lestrade only stared shocked. His mouth immediately dried at the awkward position he had gotten himself into. He looked everywhere but Sherlock's eyes and blinked, clearing his throat once.
“Let's hope that's true.” Lestrade mumbled as Mrs. Hudson moved out of the way to allow both men inside. She shut the door behind them once the two had entered and pointed upstairs and mouthed, ‘he's upstairs sulking’ before she left.
Interesting, Really. Sherlock started to adore and get a liking for this case. He would have to find the man who abducts these people and returns them with absolutely no memory of him whatsoever. The only problem is- where is he to start?
The file was gripped by a pale and harsh hand before being ripped open. The cover of the file was no longer apart of the whole and was raised in the air, gripped by a pale hand, and all papers and pictures were out in the open for the man's eyes to take in.
“WHERE IS IT!?” Sherlock shot up in his chair and before Mycroft knew it Sherlock was inches away from his face. His pale, skinny face looked at Mycroft with hidden emotions, Mycroft obviously knew he was mad because of his outburst, his dilated pupils, his harsh breathing, and his clenched jaw.
“Oi, you're not going to the store, are you?” Lestrade asked as Sherlock had gripped the door handle.
“Don't understand? Neither do I. But I know that the symbol that all returned lost ones have looks like the letters I-O-U.” John frowned and slightly tilted his head to the right as he narrowed his eyes to the ground. “What does that mean?”
“Beautiful day, isn't it? Just like the day when we took him in. We knew you'd come, but surprisingly, you didn't.” The man smirked wider when he saw Sherlock's harder and colder glare and clenched fist.
“Obviously.” Sherlock didn't exactly know what to do. He didn't know he had abusive parents and he looked back out the window. John had abusive parents? Really? Hell, he sure did never show it. John was too nice to have abusive parents.
“I honestly don't know what you're up to, but I could help you if you would calm down and let me explain to you why.”
Lestrade groaned and pinched the space between his eyebrows. He hadn't exactly prepared for this, oh wait, yes he had. He knew Sherlock would come storming in here to receive information on the case, but he hadn't exactly expected to be told off by Sherlock Holmes.
There was a thick silence and Molly could feel the tension come back down in mere seconds. His footsteps stopped and Molly strained to hear any indication that Sherlock hadn't left the room that he was in. A silent sigh was heard and a quiet scuff of papers was barely heard from Molly's position. When Sherlock talked she felt guilty for bringing up John.
Sherlock picked up the box and mumbled with a deep frown as he tilted it every direction he could. He opened the door to his flat and went in, Lestrade following soon after; behind Sherlock so that way he couldn't kick him again.
John put his fingertips on Sherlock's back before slowly drawing circles on his back with his whole hand. Sherlock immediately stopped pulling his curls, slightly straightened his back and widened his eyes.
Sherlock barged into the room and slammed the door closed behind him, his trench coat flapping dramatically behind him as he strides towards Lestrade.
Molly scribbled the rest of the information in a flash, not caring if she misspelled a word or two. She darted out the room, her lab coat flapping behind her. If the collar was popped up she could have felt like Sherlock.
“Okay,” Sherlock mumbled as he looked back at the large black bag on the table in front of him. “Don't be surprised if I’m gone b the time you get back.”
Mrs. Hudson opened the door and looked at Lestrade before back at Mycroft. Her eyes seemed worn out and dimmed as she stared at the two men. She sighed and managed a wary smile.
The victims that were taken and put back in their places in their families usually had therapy or some sort of relievement. On one account, a man and two women killed themselves because of the memories. These people had been around twenty-five to thirty-four.
“I also found some marks on the floor. It was just polished but there were still marks. Shoe marks from where they skid.” Sherlock explained calmly as he pulled out the pictures of the floor with the shoe marks.
He was a lump of flesh and loose pajama clothes on his chair. His walls weren't any better either. If someone were to walk in and have a glance at the walls, they'd think there was a mad man living there. There were pictures and thumbtacks and string littered everywhere on the wall. Pictures of missing people and where they were taken and what people are suspicious.
“Sherlock, this doesn't seem smart. I may work with dead bodies but that does mean-" Molly screamed when glass shattered in the flat.
She looked up to see Sherlock's head pop out to give her a look with an eyebrow quirked before disappearing again. His footsteps could be heard and Molly guessed he was walking around the room once more looking for clues.
I'm so sorry for the late update! I didn't expect family and then going out of town and then school crap throwing papers and pencils at me. But, here's the next chapter and I promise this time that I'll update sooner! ONWARD!
“If she was drunk why would you let out of your custody!?” John yelled, his voice getting higher and slightly cracking.
Sherlock threw the papers into the air and swiftly flung himself out of his chair and into the kitchen. He sighed and grabbed a coffee cup before filling it with hot tea that John had recently relearned to do. John had ran to Sherlock, carrying a cup of fresh tea, and shoved in his face with a face splitting smile when he learned.
"Based off of her flat she recently came to London but it wasn't her flat. It was someone else's that had unwillingly moved out to make space for her. The hard drive of the computer in the master bedroom was fried, so whatever had been sent to the person living in the flat had been personal and this forced them to comply with whatever Moriarty or she had told them to do. The flat wasn't the woman's style anyways as she seems to like rich clothing such as fur coats and highly priced diamond earrings and rings. She seems to have quite the background judging by the weapons that had been found in the flat and the surveillance hidden in every corner and cranny of the flat, though don't give me that worried look I took them all out. Judging by the colour of the lipstick and the type of perfume she wears she's trying to blend in and become less suspicious which means that whatever she does she's good at and-" Sherlock took a deep breath and gave Lestrade and 'wait a minute' signal with his hand.
“-leave it! You have papers to fill out anyways, leave us be." Lestrade finished to the very determined Anderson.
She had dark blue trousers on, short blonde hair that went to her shoulders, a skin tight, yellow green shirt that outlined her flat stomach, with some running shoes on. Her head was down and she slouched in the chair, making it impossible to see her face.
His head snapped back up and he looked down at the floor, looking as if he heard something but debating whether or not he heard it or not. The door then opened and he looked up at the opening, his tired eyes growing into vigilant and sharp ones. He glared at the door that was out of sight from the camera. A man entered and laughed at John with a deep voice, slowly walking up to John, with what Sherlock and Lestrade could guess, a smile. He stopped as soon as he was in front of John, hovering over him. Instinctively, John sat up straighter and glared even harder at the man.
“The man's too fat to be John, and he's also too tall- no offence to John in anyway." Lestrade added in quickly when Sherlock cringed at the comment on John's height.
She pulled out a folded paper and put it in front of her on the table, out of John's reach. John relaxed his strained neck and curled his toes to pop them. He eyes the paper wearily as she continued to smile at him. Her red nails scraped along the paper as she stared at him flirtatiously.
He’d do anything to keep cases death free and the number of people that had been killed to make the case stay the number of people that were killed to make the case. If Lestrade had to get on his knees and pray and plead, then he’d gratefully do that. But he couldn’t, because someone had already been killed. A sister, and not just any sister, but the victim's sister. He was frustrated enough that anyone who was killed would possibly be put under his name, in both the case and John’s head. Now he’ll be remembered as ‘the man who let my sister die’ to John.
“Sherlock, PLEASE!” John yelled as he scrambled up clumsily and following Sherlock with a limp due to three thumbtacks stabbing his right leg and one in his right arm.
Sherlock snapped a couple of pictures at different angles, ignoring the confused and disgusted looks from shoppers around him.
He stepped off the beaten bed and stormed to the kitchen, where he grabbed a coffee mug and shattered it on the floor.
The man who John punched got up and ran to where John had, clutching his nose as he did so. The camera view was empty for a couple of seconds before the cashier was by the door with a black bag. The bag was large, a large black bag. Large. Black bag. John was in the bag, wasn't he? Yes, he was.
The hum of a vehicle whispers in my ears. I pay no mind to it and continue to look ahead of me, my hands in my lap and my eyes possibly droopy. My lips are pressed together, my mouth then is definitely not open, and my feet feel dead. No, I'm just not moving them, that's all. I haven't moved in the last forty five minutes and actually don't plan on doing so either. I don't want to disturb the peace that I
Lestrade ruined the silence as he cleared his throat, causing Sherlock to close his eyes and sigh again before looking at the disguised officer.
“Sherlock, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said in a soft voice. “Why don't you come and eat a little. You haven't eaten in days.”
“Helping you avoid a mental breakdown. You’re on the edge of one and you’re too caught up in the case. Relax, I can help.”
“Sherlock, you know… We get that this is a hard case for you. It's,” Lestrade looked around looking for the word to choose before making eye contact with Sherlock again, “very emotional for us all.”
“Mrs. Hudson! Have you ordered anything online lately?” Sherlock yelled as the two men made their way upstairs.
“And we're here for you, Sherlock!” Lestrade said sternly as he gripped Sherlock's arm harder. Sherlock stopped, his leg was already out of the car and he faced away from Lestrade. He stared at 221B Baker Street's door, pondering on the multiple ways he could escape, and the multiple things that he could say. Either it was leave, or stay.
The cashier had been attacked before John. And John had gone up to save him. He didn't even know the man. Jeez, talk about a hero.
“Step out of the house.” Sherlock told the man lowly. The man looked quite shocked from the order. He expected that from the actual cop, not a man in a trench coat, scarf, and black leather gloves.
Lestrade made his way through the doors and entered the main hall. It was more like a mall, it was quite huge.
“Does it sound like he had a person in the bag? Does it sound like he kidnapped John Watson?” Sherlock's eyes narrowed and his voice got harsher and angrier quickly. Lestrade stared with disbelief. The cashier had taken John.
“I don't know, I don’t know, I can’t do anything. Just ask Mycroft to do the case for all I care! I can’t do it! I’m not the right person so stop coming up to me and asking questions you bloody psychopaths!” Sherlock yelled as he looked down the window and onto the mob of reporters that swarmed the flat.
"Sherlock, whatever you do, know I'm sorry and I tried to remember. You'll solve this case, I know you can.”
Sherlock got into the passenger's seat in Lestrade's police car and Harriet got into the one in front of Lestrade's. The engines of the cars roared to life.
“I'll tell your husband you've sold all the jewelry he bought you for money or you'll leave so I won't have to look at the fifty pounds of horrible makeup you've hitched on your face.” He told a woman who had been following him like a lost puppy.
"If John comes back with anything!" Lestrade cut Sherlock off with vociferous voice. "Then he's going to blame himself for whatever happened."
All of his life he hasn't been able to enforce the rule that sentiment simply gets in the way of the important things in life, such as education and business; not friends and lovers. Sherlock has always been the weaker link in his family, this is why his parents always compared him to his brother and had finally just decided to ignore Sherlock when he was ten. Mycroft had to drag Sherlock into his room at night and teach him the way things were supposed to be, the way things had to be or else no one in the family would ever want him. Although Sherlock took notes and repeated what Mycroft said word for word, he never truly burned it into his mind.
Once they had left- throwing Sherlock dirty looks and even some curse words with inappropriate hand gestures- he got to work. He pulled out his magnifying glass out of his coat and checked each crevice of the register. He knew things would be covered up by other people's hand prints and being cleaned by the janitors, but it was still worth a look.
"JOHN!” He screamed as he threw his head up to the ceiling, his face crinkled as if in pain. A soft and quiet sob wrung itself out of his body.
Lestrade grabbed the paper he had scribbled everything down on and handed it out in front of Sherlock. The paper was slightly shaking in the air from Lestrade's tired hand, but stayed in the air.
Sherlock stared at the man, narrowing his eyes and trying to deduce more about him. He's tricky, very… very difficult. Different even. He's not like the others.
Sherlock had gotten worse at eating and he was skinnier than she had ever seen him since he met John. He had ate about two days ago, and it was a salad. She watched him bite and chew into it and she smiled before nodding with approval, then moving to clean up. By the time she came back Sherlock and the salad were gone. He hadn't eaten since then.
"And if I don't?" Mycroft asked coolly, leaning back to stare his brother down. "What if I decide it's not a productive use of my time?"
It had already been a month since John's disappearance. How did a couple of days turn into a month? Sherlock had remembered going into the store like it were only two hours ago.
“Nowhere near you. So shut up and give me the the address.” Sherlock shot back, narrowing his eyes slightly.
Sherlock had looked down at the piece of paper Lestrade had written the address and number of the cash register on. Luckily John hadn't used self checkout, his card never worked with it.
Today was a long and busy day. He had enough of this and the family members weren't so happy, but the media and reporters were. He'd had to shoo away reporters left and right all day and he was tired of it.
Lestrade nodded back and forced Dylan against one of the cars, pulling his arms behind back and handcuffing his wrists. Dylan kept pleading that it wasn't him, that he was forced to do it and it wasn't as it seemed. But Lestrade and all other policemen weren't fazed by it and shoved him into the backseat of the police car Lestrade owned.
There was silence in the alleyway that Molly stood in and in the room Sherlock shook in. The papers were now crumbled in his hands and his eyes shut to block out the voices in his head. They always were too loud nowadays without John to shut him up.
Lestrade opened the door to a room and gestured Sherlock inside before going in after him and closing it. The room was dark and had a computer and multiple VCR’s and DVD players.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said, loud enough to hear over the low yet loud note, “is look at the case if I were you. You'll get the answers from that.”
Lestrade sighed and raised his eyebrows. He looked over to Sherlock, who was slightly frowning and staring ahead of him and into the rain.
“Fine, I don't need you anymore. Goodbye.” Sherlock pushed himself up from his knees on the floor and grabbed his violin again and placed it underneath his chin, his bow sliding against the strings. A deep note was played and continued to stretch out for minutes, no other note was played but that deep one.
She released his hand and let it fall limp by her side. She looked around, still grinning her face off, before she spoke again.
Sherlock looked up from his slouched position in the middle of his bed to look at the closed door. He was wrapped in his white blanket and was in his loose pajama shirt and pants.
He had to tell Sherlock soon or else the tall Consulting Detective would come storming in and demanding why he hadn't been told as soon as their, as Sherlock called them, ‘stupid shrunken brains’ had found out.
The door unlocked from the inside and the door opened, the cashier coming into full view. He wore a red shirt and sky blue trousers, shoes, and a watch on his left hand. His hair was neat and his face was a little pale. His brown eyes widened when he saw the police badge on Lestrade.
If 221B Baker Street had any thoughts, all it would be thinking of is how Sherlock had somehow gotten even worse. He stayed in his room and sulked and thought and sometimes allowed a couple of tears out. He had gotten back on his smoking addiction and didn't give any signs of stopping anytime soon. Mrs. Hudson was just glad that he didn't go to drinking or self harm, she didn't think that she- or John- could take that.
John has been gone for nearly seven months now. Oh how time went by fast. Sherlock had been running up and down London to find clue after clue and still coming up empty handed.
Molly had just finished with an autopsy and was on her way to deliver it to her own office or room before she went to finish another one, and another, then another. This was just how her days had been since word got out that people had gone missing and then put back.
She scurried off, leaving Sherlock watching as she went to her manager's office. Really, why and how are people like her hired here? They're what people dread the most about shopping.
She had heard about how John had been taken yet again and how Sherlock had reacted to it. She kept sending Sherlock sorrowful looks and small smiles and it was getting annoying to him. Like she wouldn’t have had a mental breakdown due to someone that they care about most in the world being taken again!
John lift his head slowly, his gaze slowly going up to meet blue eyes like his. But they hid something, they were darker than his; both in colour and in personality. He squint before making it form into a glare. She was smirking and he hated it.
Lestrade had been somewhat of a help because he tried to get all of the Inspectors off Sherlock's back and return to work, but they usually just pretend to go back to work and wait until Lestrade left to resume his own work before they went back to the consulting detective again. Sherlock was irritated when they did that and he'd threaten them with deductions he has made.
Sherlock, of course, just blankly stared ahead of him in his loose blue pajama t-shirt and loose blue striped pajama pants. His hair was a mess and sticking out from all directions and his chin even had hairs growing already. He might've been the living dead if he wasn't breathing and blinking.
"No, don't you dare start with me." Lestrade pointed at Sherlock due to him describing him as futile. "I'm not worried about the case Sherlock. Honestly, they did what they wanted to John, what else more could they do?”
“Locked.” He mumbled and stared at the door. His head turned to his right and his eyes then went to look at Sherlock's door, closed and silent as the soul that inhabited the room.
Sherlock looked out the window as he usually had when he and John were in. The silence was normal too, but more colder as the figure to his right was missing. He inwardly sighed and self consciously, his hands turned to fist inside his black leather gloves.
Hopefully this story is interesting. If it's not, then tell me and I'll try to spice things up a bit.
Lestrade looked up to Sherlock as his mind processed what Sherlock had just hinted. His eyes lit up as he understood and gestured for Sherlock to follow him. The two went through the halls swarming of people and voices.
There were many people out in this world who will do about anything for money, which is what one daughter did. She killed her parents and two siblings before going out to collect her money from her boyfriend, who killed her after she asked for the money. Sherlock has gone through many cases and solved all the above. One took him almost a week, but he surpassed it.
“I honestly don't know who exactly you are, or where you came from, but whatever you're doing can't be so important that you have to look at the security camera footage.” The manager said as he narrowed his eyes on Sherlock, who pressed his lips together and breathed out through his nose.
“Moriarty is clever. Smarter than you and your,” He scrunched up his face and pretend to squash an imaginary man in his hands, “stupid, older brother combined.”
“What do you mean by John has a sister?” Sherlock ignored Lestrade's irritated glare and slammed the file of the case without its cover lid down onto his coffee splattered table.
He grabbed his coffee mug and poured it onto the tape, distinguishing the fire. He panted and looked dazed as he looked over to Sherlock with wide eyes.
Sherlock then started insulting Lestrade and making Mycroft even more pissed and the three men had screamed their lungs off at each other. Sherlock then managed to grab a glass cup and throw it at the two, causing them to retreat back downstairs and outside. That leaded up to Sherlock chasing them to the top of the stairs, where he screamed at them and threw a shoe and a glass vase before the door had shut all the way.
Sherlock hadn't realised how much he had been affected by this. He didn't realise how skinny or pale he was, bloody hell, he didn't even realise how tired he was. He didn't realise how much his mind was running around uncontrollably.
‘Hair- Blonde. Eyes- Blue. Skin- Pale/Fair. Height-’ Molly stared at the woman closely as she walked past her head.
It was quiet in the flat, other than the people and cars outside and the fan he had bought to make some noise so he would feel less-
relationship with the man whatsoever and he would attack the people with deductions about themselves that were embarrassing and left them red before he asked them the same questions, smile, say ‘exactly’, and leave with his coat flapping dramatically behind him.
“Well not everyone can be John, now can we?” Sherlock had once snapped at her from his position on his chair.
Sherlock looked around the room and his eyes landed on john's empty chair. He had lost count on how many days it had been since he was taken. He didn't even remember when he went to the store to look at the evidence. All he knew is that John Watson is missing and his head, stomach, and eyes hurt too much and were heavy. He hadn't gotten much sleep lately and it was having a toll on him.
“A VCR tape?” Lestrade took it and frowned as he turned it at different angles. “Have you watched it yet?”
The policemen had scattered around the house, stopping then the fence on the sides that blocked out access to the backyard came around. The house was quite large, it had a front patio and was a two story house. It was white and taken care of. There was a hazel brown fence by the sides of the house to protect his backyard and a green water hose neatly coiled by the side.
Lestrade only widened his eyes and inhaled deeply through his nose while he made that face saying 'there's no hope in this one.' As Sherlock pinched the space between his eyebrows even harder. His eyes hurt from squeezing them shut for the ten minutes he had.
Sherlock barely ate or drank anything anymore and Mrs. Hudson yelling at him to get out of his room to eat something wasn't helping either.
He's done miracles for Sherlock. He made him quit doing drugs and eat, sleep, bathe, and care. The blonde had also given him a miracle no one had ever wanted to do for him in his whole life. So simple yet so strong.
The loud sound of bottles, pens, and papers made Molly's head jerk towards the room Sherlock was in.
“A sister? John had a sister and never bothered to tell me this information? Wow, he must not trust me that much.”
The mobile vibrated on the floor and was snatched up in seconds by the owner. His eyes scanned the screen and text as he sat back down the way he was before.
Stomping on the stairs was heard from the top of it, through the closed door, and into Sherlock's ears. He sat on his chair with his violin in his arms, slowly plucking at the strings.
“This isn’t healthy.” John whispered to himself and walked up behind Sherlock, who was now gripping his head and pulling his curls.
Sherlock was sprawled out on his queen sized bed with his thin white blanket sheets carelessly thrown over his drained form. Three quarters of his face was hidden In his pillow and soaked from drool from a used-to-be good night's sleep. His hair was messy and crumpled and his pajamas were lose, his striped bottoms being a little too loose.
An echo of a door slamming shut was heard throughout the silent hallway just beyond the door. He relaxed his muscles again and pretend to he back to being limp, as if he hadn't woken up and knew exactly what was going to happen. He slowed his breathing even more to keep from hyperventilating at the fact that he didn't know where he was and what they'd do next.
“Molly! Calm down! Breathe, for God's sake. What was that that just fell?” Lestrade asked Molly as she looked around the lab. She shrugged and looked back at the blonde woman.
The door had fully opened and Lestrade and mycroft had been about ready to tackle the person, but stopped short when familiar blue eyes had landed on both of them. They flickered between the two men and they stood there, stunned, as they took in the sight infront of them.
She frowned and moved closer to the woman, pulling the woman's hair out of the way by the pencil she was holding. Her eyes widened and her jaw fell open.
Lestrade coughed a fit after choking on his spit before leaning closer to Sherlock, eyes and mouth wide open.
“I didn’t ask for your input. I want you to read this and find this woman.” Sherlock ordered, his gaze still burning into Mycroft's as he shoved the file towards him.
Yup. Mrs. Hudson had told Lestrade and Mycroft about his little breakdown. Now they both knew what had happened and how weak Sherlock is. They also now know how much John meant to him, and were now assuming that Sherlock loves him.
Sherlock's head snapped up from his hands and was placed in Mrs. Hudson's direction. He frowned and stared at her back as she stirred the streaming tea he would take only a sip of.
“I’ll be taking my leave too, Detective Inspector, text me if any new,” Sherlock looked at Donovan darkly, “information comes up.”
This is a hard one, and although the clues were sloppily thrown around they were neatly cut to the point where they could find everything and it would still be out of order. He had remembered when Sherlock first came bursting through his door with the first clue. He had had to change his trousers, not because he had an 'accident' but because Sherlock had scared him so bad that he spit his coffee everywhere. He had a nasty red burn for three and a half weeks.
In ten minutes Sherlock had found the files for the cashier in the manager's office, downloaded the footage into his phone, and was walking away and out of the store.
Sherlock scoffed. "Like you'd let this go. You wanna find Moriarty? This is your start. Trace the victims, and work upwards from there, it's obvious."
Lestrade, with the tape in his right hand, left a grumpy and frustrated Sherlock at the flat. The next day rolled on by and Sherlock didn't bother to dress out of his sleepwear, not that he even got sleep, but he did get a syringe that was hidden away after years of neglect.
He looked John up and down with a raised eyebrow before looking at Lestrade, shaking his head to answer an unsaid question.
Hopefully this story is interesting enough. If not, tell me and I'll try to spice things up a little. Thank you for reading this story, it really means a lot. I'll try to update regularly so you're not left on a cliffhanger. Until next time!
His breath slightly hitched, eyes going wide for a second with shock before disappearing once again.
"No! I haven't told Mycroft!" Sherlock all but spat out his brothers name as if it were a forbidden word.
Sherlock had then walked around London, keeping his eyes out for a dirty, sandy, blonde haired man that was at least a head shorter than Sherlock. He went to John’s favourite places and asked about him, but no one knew.
His phone rang and Sherlock opened it up without looking at the name or number on the glowing screen.
Mycroft, though very confused and concerned for Sherlock's mental health now, stood up and dusted his black tuxedo before turning to walk towards the door. He paused in his tracks and turned around to face Sherlock again, though he was looking out the window as he played that bloody note, and cleared his throat. Sherlock payed no attention to him and continued on with the note.
“I heard you Elizabeth! Give me more time and tell them to wait on their greedy arses until we have more! It's us doing the work! Not them!” Lestrade snapped at the blonde woman, who nodded her head furiously before hustling from the hall they were walking down to spread the news. Lestrade continued walking as he passed people throwing empty cups of coffee away, madly signing papers, typing on the computers with their tired eyes inches away from the screen, trying to calm down people on the phone, and tossing papers Lestrade's way to sign or look over.
Sherlock went to number five and waited as a man in his forties finished paying and left with his bags. Sherlock stepped up and looked at the woman who had straight hair that went to her shoulder blades. She wore quite a lot of makeup and had a red shirt on that had a button with the shop's name on it with light blue trousers.
Sherlock frowned even more and stood behind Lestrade, who was fighting to control his breathing after the minor heart attack.
Sherlock didn't ever believe someone could be so stupid. He only believed that someone could only be a specific amount before they couldn't even be stupid, they'd be smart. That's it, only smart and retarded were the only types of intellect he had in his brain; but wow. His brain was just proved wrong by proving that someone could go beyond the stupid point.
But the thing that Sherlock had cared so much for that he would die for it is a man. A blonde man he might add.
“Okay Lestrade. Or Greg? Which one? I don't know.” Molly mumbled. “I'll tell Sherlock. See you later.”
“Oh thank goodness you boys came. I've been getting really worried about Sherlock recently.” She sighed and slightly frowned with a worried expression. “He's just not the same anymore.”
“Because you’re the only person that I know.” John said, still keeping a blank expression on his face since his frown left his face.
He closed his eyes and exhaled a deep breath. Something was missing. It was all wrong. All weird. Something was missing. Missing.
Sherlock breath became uneven and his grip on the phone tightened. His eyes widened and his thumbs shook. Who was this man? This, this monster?
"This is her? Is she working with Moriarty? Who's she and when did she become part of the whole deal?"
“I know that, in just saying- it's just- what does, ‘The cash is in the bag’ mean? What could it mean Sherlock?”
The cashier looked around the store. He slowly backed up as he kept glancing around, before he put his hand on the door and pushed it open, dashing into the night. The bag was with him and it was droopy and the cashier looked like he had a hard time carrying it on his shoulder.
out of hand. He simply wanted Sherlock to just get up and take care of himself a little more better than usual.
Holy crap! It’s been two years! I’ve aged two years since I’ve last updated! Don’t worry though, I’ve read all of the comments and honestly don’t think I’ve forgotten about this story. The plot actually begins in this chapter so that’s good! Thank you to all who’ve stayed with me even through this huge gap of updates. It really does mean a lot! But, without further or do, ONWARD FELLOW READERS!!
"LESTRADE!" The door banged open and a hyper detective came bursting in with the loud side of his baritone voice.
Sherlock had always been told that caring is not an advantage and love should always be avoided and disregarded by his older brother.
Three minutes later the manager was being put into a police car and Sherlock was checking the camera footage with a slightly red mark on his cheek.
"What?!" He wailed as he slumped down in his chair in defeat, the heat of the coffee starting to slowly go away.
She placed five files on her desk before running out of the room to do more autopsies. She turned multiple ways and panted harshly with her ponytail flapping and waving behind her.
The black screen went to a room that was empty besides a chair in the middle. In that chair sat a man with his head hung low to his chest, his hands behind his back and his ankles tied. There was no sound but the breathing of the man, the blonde man.
The silence bore down on both men as they avoided eye contact and speaking. Sherlock looked around, trying to gather his mind back together before it goes savage again and causes him to do things he doesn’t want anyone to see. Lestrade on the other hand kept his face hidden as he mentally beat himself up for his stupidity. Really, this case would have been halfway over by now if they had found that sooner. Sherlock wouldn’t be here if they had found that earlier.
“A man, and classified.” The man winked and gave a dry laugh. He stood up and faced Sherlock, a smirk still planted on his face, and slowly swayed side to side.
He groaned and looked away from the lamp as it blinded him from the imaginary colours that had swarm into his sight. He was in a crouched position in his chair and his arms wrapped around his knees. He glared at the lamp and his window curtains were closed, blocking out all the light in the flat.
He rest his chin on Mrs. Hudson's left shoulder and let the tears silently fall. He hadn't cried in ages and he didn't want to change that. The last time he cried was when mycroft had called him a disgrace to the Holmes last name, but that was when he was ten. He was now twenty four years old.
