Sometimes, Tony would fester up the ability to admit that maybe he takes too much onto his plate, that maybe he could lumber some of the load onto one of his eager interns or Pepper, but that was usually under the command of Pepper herself or sometimes when JARVIS restricts his access to his work files. Tony is a perfectionist, sue him, he'd rather do the work himself and know that it's perfect rather than give it to another and for Tony to just
But sleeping with someone else is always so better, to have an arm wrapped around your waist, fingers drumming at the bones of his hips, a heartbeat below a chest that your head rests upon. It's wonderful, amazing, magnificent and
And besides, the collective test results had came back positive, other than an accidental addiction problem when involving one of the breakfast related meal replacement shakes, but Tony found a solution.
"You are not a normal teenager, Stevie. That's the problem."Bucky smirks, eyeing Steve in that 'I know everything' type of way, with his eyes darkening in curiosity. Bucky leans forward in the recliner chair, the leg rest pushed back into the normal seat so his feet are now planted on the ground."C'mon, tell me, who are you sweet on?"
"What's wrong? Is everything alright?"Tony asks in alert whenever he hears Steve curse, almost wishing he was there to see what Steve sees.
"Of course!"Steve grins, setting his cup down and fishing his phone out of his pocket. A flip phone, but a phone at least. He didn't use it as often as one would use a phone, mainly just to text or phone because hey, that's what a phone is for, right?
His schedule, that being at the time, consisting of attending never ending Board Meetings before being strung off to meeting after meeting in other parts of the City or mostly, in Stark Industries New York building itself, learning the trade of a company that Tony had no interest in with a heavy hand on his shoulder of a man who he didn't want to be touched by. A touch that still ghosts on his skin, a smell that still lingers at his nostrils.
"-And will be will be arriving together, even though Clint would be late to his own funeral, Phil is extremely punctual. Natasha shows up whenever she likes and you might not even know that she's hear because she's crafty at making an entrance without actually making an entrance.
"A mouth like that won't get yourself a partner."
Tony's appearance was not one that came from not sleeping until late, it came from not sleeping at all, and really, it wasn't entirely his fault. His phone call with Bruce had went on longer than Tony had intended it to, which was something he didn't resent because he truly does love Bruce's company (and he doesn't think Bruce gets enough company, either), and by the time it had ended, Tony's
Rhodey always does stupid little things like that, like opening windows to air out a room because he knows how much Tony gets stuffy in his sleep and how he adores the smell of the ocean, the beach, the sounds of seagulls squawking or the ocean lapping up onto the shore. Or how he leaves painkillers and a glass of water on the bedside table, even if he knows Tony won't take them, he still tries.
"That's cute, dear, but I'm sure I'll be fine."Sarah is unable to help the smile that breaks out on her face at the protectiveness in Tony's voice. Coming to tend to Tony is probably the highlight of Sarah's day, and he's only been - conscious - at the hospital for a week and already Sarah has a soft spot for the teenager."Are these your plans?"
"There there."She pats with a smirk because as loyal as a best friend that she is, she was one of the hundreds that had witnessed the series of sex tapes involving Phil and Clint. Someone - Bruce - had hacked into Phils computer one time and retrieved the copies for the groups enjoyment and mockery. Thor just so happened to let it slip on accident, resulting to the entire school having a peek of Phil Coulsons dick in Clint Bartons ass.
"Do I? Because I thought I knew you, that I knew you like your coffee black with two sugars or how cheeseburgers are your favourite food or how you listen to Metallica when you're fiddling with your 'bots but only listen to AC/DC when you actually have to do work for your class. You're not who you say you are, you're a liar, a deceiver, selfish, egotistic."
"I was perfectly fucking fine living my life, I had everything planned, I knew what I was doing, what I felt, who I was and then you came into my life- my life changed. And what, you had never heard of me before in your hoot so of course I was going to exploit that and why the fuck wouldn't I? You've seen what I've done, who I am-"
Steve knows that Sarah isn't going to take it well, of course she won't. Steve is her only son, the only person in her life not to die or get up and leave. No mother wants to see their child - never mind their
~~~ are an indication of a shift in time, a conversation, or whatnot.
"You're awake,"She sounds stunned and overjoyed. Tony can feel hands over his face, above his closed eyes, fingers peeling back his eyelids and a shining light being shone into his left eye. He winces, wanting to bat away the prying hands but his arms feel too heavy for him too lift."This is quicker than we thought you would recover."
"Smart and observant, wow, you really earned that doctorate, Strange."
people, like Steve.
"Maria."Howard approaches, touching Maria's arm gently as a sign to get her attention. Tony sucks in a breath, cursing the fact that he hasn't been able to avoid interaction with Howard but maybe he can just duck away, back away and pretend to never have been standing here."Anthony."
"It's Steve,"Tony snaps defensively, bottom lip jotted out in concentration as his fingers dance across the screen of the tablet. He has it resting on a cleaner desk, papers piled up high with notes and ideas that Tony hasn't glanced at in years."And anyway, he doesn't know."
"I'm not
"Well, so am I."Steve has rolled his shoulders back, squared them up as he sits up straighter, and Bucky
There's a heavy pressure held down onto his chest that has him restrained against the door, chained him to something heavy enough to have him drown, all alone at the bottom of some dark, deep void of an ocean without even a strangers help because he has know one. There's no Mom, or Jarvis, or Peggy or Rhodey and there's no Steve. There's no one.
They were an odd mixture, from Clint Barton - the guy who seemed to take nothing seriously and was probably failing everything but Phys ed -, Bruce Banner - the only intelligent being in their group -, Natasha Romanova - probably the most attractive girl in school but would kick your balls into your stomach -, Thor Odinson - A jock who didn't really fit in well with the jocks -, Phil Coulson - the father to Steves Mother instincts - and James 'Bucky' Barnes - a teen who has seen too much but was a solider at heart.
"So if I were about to ask you if you wanted coffee, your answer would've been no?"
"Rise and shine!"The bedroom door is swung open at such a force that it has Tony jumping into a sit, heart hammering in his chest as his eyes dart to the door, expecting a murderous intruder because that's the direction that his luck is heading.
"Oh my god, I'm teasing."Tony rolls his eyes, gesturing with his hands around the empty space that surrounds them. Anything coming into the house for the dinner would be entering through the backdoor into the rooms strictly only used for Dinners and guests, it also helps draw attention away from the damage of the house that is still noticeable."It's not as if anyone listening cares what I get up to anyway."
"Who needs a mirror to show me what I look like when I have you."Tony's smile is tight and snarky, one that doesn't quite reach his eyes and Strange's flirty demeanour seems to flatter slightly when he notices that Tony's mood doesn't seem to match his own.
"Cut the bullshit, Rhodey."Tony stares at the plate of pancakes that's been pushed towards him on the small kitchen table, the two seats tucked under the table, the pancakes drizzled in syrup and sprinkled with blueberries. Tony wants to rip this off like a bandaid, get it over and done with, delay the trauma and pain, but he's not very good at either of that.
Tony seems to have Thor’s attention wrapped around his finger and it’s not only Thor, but Bruce, Clint and Thor too. Not that it’s a bad thing, per say, because Steve would rather have him making new friends with his friends than have him huddled in a corner like a scared spider, but as much as his actions, his words, seem smooth, some of it sounds rehearsed too.
And that's the problem, it's all a
It's not as if he doesn't want his friends to know - because of course, they will eventually whether Steve tells them himself or someone steals his phone - because he does, on his own terms. He just wants to have a friendship away from his main group of friends, with someone who doesn't know Steve like the rest do, one that can be built from the ground up.
"Here's a towel if you want to shower."
Tony scoffs, looking away from Rhodey but neither of them really moving away, his eyes falling onto the discarded mug that Rhodey had slammed onto the kitchen counter as he scrambled to catch up with Tony's hyperactivity of leaving. It's his mug, battered and worn with fading design on its painted coloured ceramic, coffee stained on the inside and burnt at the bottom from times that he accidentally left it on burning surfaces in the workshop.
But this is Steve. Wonderful, big hearted and kind Steve. Who goes out of his way to make sure that Tony is comfortable - because he never stares at his arc reactor, or brings it up in conversations whenever he noticed how insecure Tony was about it- and is on a constant text alert for Tony to text him. No matter what time of the day that it is.
"Pretty boys shouldn't smoke."He hears a gruff voice tut, causing Tony to turn his attention towards the voice. A familiar figure stands a couple of feet away from him, in a suit that costs probably the same amount as one of Howard's prized cars.
alive."
"Anthony."Howard addresses him, tone dull as he speaks. Tony should count himself lucky that he's being spoken to while he's sober, it's a rare moment.
"I'm not even a fan, you're the fan. I'm just an innocent victim that is roped into listening to whatever you want to because it's you're car and you're the one driving."
Tony smile is small at himself in the mirror as he brushes a hand clumsily through his already messy hair, corkscrew dark curls that he'll have straightened, turning away from the mirror and towards the shower.
"What- no, I-"
"What?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony 'Iron Man' Stark was fucking Grocery Shopping with Steve 'Captain America' Rogers. If only PA could see them, they would have a field day.
"So when are we gonna meet your new babe."It's not much of a question, more of a demand if anything because of course Steve is going to introduce Tony to the group, they're his best friends, the people he grew up with. And as much as Steve is his own person, Tony needs the best friend seal of approval.
"Whoa, wait, I don't think you should be doing that."He frets, the door wide open which gives him the view of the male that is standing on one of the hospital chairs, his head caught between the hospital room tv and the wall that it hangs on, making agitated grunts.
"Picasso' paintings focused on cubism, collage work if you will. I focus more on still life or realism."Steve mutters bashfully from his place in the doorframe of the connection to and from the livingroom and kitchen. Tony bites his lip at the way that Steve brushes all over, it's adorable how bashful he can be.
But he hardly doubts that. With all of the flirting that Tony has been doing, he's sure that Steve would've said something by now.
"They're still together?"
"I'm not sweet on anyone!"Steve groans.
"Take it for a spin around the block if you want."Tony offers because if this guy is more interested in the car than Tony is, somebody might as well enjoy it. The look of happiness that beams over Clints face is almost manic before he turns and runs out the open door without a second thought to anyone else in the room or a thank you.
"I'm fine, I'm hungry which isn't exactly a sign of injury but I guess in my dramatic state of mind it could be."
."She had queried, trying not to stare at Tony but to only glance because it's so easy to stare, it's so easy to stare at his dirty hair and of scarred arms, of that blue orb nestled in the centre of his chest, of the way his hands always move so frantically, of how you could practically see every gear in action in his head.
“As much as I’m not interested on taking you out on a date, you are an incredibly attractive man.”
, and you need to get your snoring checked out by the way,
"Virginia. They saw my research, they're giving me a Research Grant, Tones. My own building, my own team, my own piece of groundbreaking research that isn't from piggybacking off another intelligent mind."Bruce had wanted to do this more delicately, mostly for the fact that he knows how hostile Tony can get when it comes to things like these. People he gets used to being around just suddenly packing up and leaving. A note pressed to the fridge, a pat on the back, a '
"Hmm?"Tony spins from where his mind is distracted by staring at his phone screen. He's has yet to get a reply from Steve and it was worrying away at the back of his head."Oh! Dinner starts at 8, the guests will most likely arrive by 7. They're all snobby bastards and old tarts so unfortunately you can't get laid tonight."
"You came to apologise..."Tony's voice trails off, eyeing Steve who offers Tony a kind smile, one that could not be forced or fake. There's just something in Steves voice that makes Tony want to trust him, to believe him that Steve came back to apologise because never has anyone ever come back to apologise to Tony for doing something. Tony is always the one to apologise, because he's always the one in trouble.
"You try sleeping in a house filled with chicks. I fell asleep on the sofa once and woke up with a fucking manicure. My nails were fucking purple for 2 weeks."He grumbles into the pillow, shifting so that even though half of his face was stuffed into the pillow, his body is turned towards where Steve is sitting up on the bed, beside lamp flicked on and Cheeto packets lining the floor.
Steve knows this, because he might be in a constant solemn headspace of brooding and short temperament, but he isn't too oblivious of the fact that Bucky is still parading around with a smug face and a proud attitude. Steve also knows, despite the fact that sometimes he can't even see the nose on the front of his face never mind his surroundings, that he's been the topic of many conversation and the discussion of many planned intervention too, something in which he is an expert at avoiding.
Tony manages to shower and get changed in a record time for someone in his hungover state, emerging from his bedroom in his workshop gear of battered jeans and a worse for wear tank top. The tank top swoops low on his chest, exposing the top half of the Arc Reactor but Tony doesn't mind, nobody will see him in the confinement of his workshop.
"Fiddling,"Tony replies, licking his lips as he works."It kept making this annoying beeping sound which was driving me up the fucking walls."Tony mutters, wiping the back of his left hand over his eyes to wipe away some tiredness that was making his eyes droop, but he wasn't going to give in to sleep.
It makes Steve frown because was Tony in this ward because of whatever that blue glow in his chest is? He wonders how that happened, and what the blue orb is exactly - because Steve might go to a public school but he's sure that it's not just a random ass magical blue orb in Tony's chest - and how it functions in Tony's every day life.
But the life that there is in New York, in Brooklyn, in Steve, is one that he longs for so much more than what he's allowed to have.
"Hey, you can't go in there."He shouts snappily down the hallway, uncaring about the stares as he walks past Dr Strange and towards Steve who looks dumbfounded and confused.
"Tony, you're not in the country."Strange gently reminds Tony of his absence, practically watching the gears turn in his head as Tony tries to figure out what it is that Doctor Strange is talking about. And then it hits him.
Stark Insurance, for example, an arrangement that Tony had established for the soldiers that worked alongside their weapon equipment -something Tony had wanted to scrap but Obadiah and the board were very keen to peruse. Stark Insurance was entitled to all soldiers, marines, airmen and sailors of war, to provide pensions to the injured, funds to the widowed, a safety net for everyone. With Rhodey in mind.
it. He was kind without needing to be.
"Steve!"Tony grins, opening the door for the towering teenager that stands awkwardly outside the hospital room unable to knock or open the door due to the cups in his hands. It sure is a different sight from the first time that Tony had seen Steve at his hospital door, greeting him with a grin that reaches his eyes than the confused frown like last time.
Tony can't remember the last time he had been hugged like this, before New Years perhaps, that night that Rhodey had nearly caught the exchange between Tony and Obi, where Tony had been shaken and exhausted and had collapsed into a heap of need of touch, starved from it. Or the night in the diner, just as Tony and Steve had been parting, Tony not wanting to leave and Steve not wanting him to go, and they had hugged tightly on the diners porch at 6am.
Tony had been called in as a consult on a peculiar case that an intern had thought would spark his interest. It hadn't. But Tony has already cancelled a meeting and ducked out on a board assemble to make it to the hospital, so he stayed long enough to keep an eye on the patient before lumbering the file on a passing doctor in exchange for the coffee they were carrying. Doctor Strange was just unlucky enough to have been on the floor when Tony was passing, sipping his stolen coffee.
. He'd message Steve, keep his mind occupied but he doesn't want to seem clingy - because he is, well he'd deny that if asked but Rhodey would admit of Tony's clinginess.
So far, Tony had been casted off to the basement when he wasn't forced to sit in Board Meetings or attend banquets or to snort cocaine off of the white marble counter tops, that in which, not being something he had been
His habits never venture far and never where they addicting, something that Tony is proud of himself because it's not easy. They never were the hard stuff, because as much as Tony is a thriving to be alcoholic - it's in his blood, it's his density for sure - and has a thing for the odd blow of weed now and again or sometimes Ecstasy whenever Ty sneaks him it, he wasn't stupid nor immature enough to do anything harder or idiotic as cocaine or heroine.
"Tony!"
"Is that your way of saying that I smell?"
"You can do both."
"We aren't, but he's a friend and so are you."There's a sharp click, the doors of her newly purchased car unlocking and she cocks her head to the passenger seat that remains vacant, her patience running thin because she has places to be and people to see but a bullheaded, stubborn childhood friend of hers to deal with first.
"I'm not doing this to be difficult, Steve, it's part of this wings privacy policy. A lot of our patients are very body conscious and we feel that having a family member in the room while we inspect their insecurities make our patients unwilling to correspond and answer our questions accordingly. I'm sorry."Tony explains gently, tapping on his screen and bringing up the policy for Steve to read.
And there is such figure, such person, such man, that Tony remembers, and really has never really forgotten because how could one forget such a person? How could Tony forget such a person that had left such an imprint on his life, who had taught him how to love, and be kind to oneself, to be human, to feel. But to feel in the all the wrong reasons to, to have left him stuttering on a raining doorstep, wailing into a shoulder, to feel pain in places he hadn't expected to hurt, to leave a boot print stomp on his heart.
His heart hurts, just like it had done all those years ago, but it's been numbed with years of extra layers of pain instead. Of death and abandonment and unwanted responsibility and controlling elders that still have such a firm grip of you around the base of the neck, shaking you like a rag doll whenever they wanted. And Tony sighs, sparing a suddenly quietened Steve a glance, mulling in his own thoughts and realisations of words he had thought of Tony but had never said. But Tony knows. He always knows, because everyone always thinks them of Tony Stark.
"Call me Bruce, please."He hadn't changed, he'd just matured, gotten a bit older looking, a bit more handsome. There was still a skittish quality about the man, but that was nothing that Tony couldn't deal with. The heels on Tony's dress shoes made him a few inches taller, but without they would stand at the same height. Hair knotted in tight dark coils and rectangular glasses that Tony can't help but notice that he takes off to clean even when they're not dirty.
And like fuck was Tony going to let himself die there, not when Tony had escaped death so many times that Tony and death were great acquaintances. Tony was not going to sit about and just wait to die, not when there was so much more that Tony wanted to do. There was still so much to see, to accomplish, projects to finish and places to visit and people to talk to, smile at, hug tightly, kiss passionately on the cheeks, lips, soft forehead kisses and butterfly soft kisses under the chin the way he use to kiss Steve when they were young and dumb and still didn't know what love was.
"You're 16."Steve deadpans, looking unamused with the fact that Tony has access into clubs at such a young age, younger than him by at least a year."How do you possibly have access into clubs?"
"It's 9:30. You should've been here 2 hours ago, Tony."Her lips ghost his ear as she leans in for Tony to place a gracious, welcoming kiss to her cheek, tasting the Chanel No.5 perfume that she had sprayed hastily before leaving, probably too preoccupied with the fact that Tony had failed to answer any of her calls and JARVIS was uncooperative due to knowledge of his creators absentee.
The evening up to Dinner goes as smoothly as possible, with Tony mingle with guests and Rhodey dragged by their hooked elbows to be introduced and talk to individuals and groups that honestly don't care for their education or well being but are only here because they were given the invitation by Howard Stark to attend. Something that's seen more or less as a blessing.
"That's not true I-"
"Unfortunately so,"Tony rolls his eyes, voice grave."What do you want?"
"Oh, yes we are."Bucky is quick at his heels, storming into the room after Steve with determination written all over his face as he speaks."You don't know jack shit about this-
He's a futurist, sue him.
"It's mine actually."Tony chimes, making himself known in the livingroom where 3 new guests stand. The shouting blonde spins to turn his attention to Tony, mouth agape at the confession because Clint may have a thing for cars, very cool sport cars to be exact."Well my dad's car, so it's kind of mine."
And when Tony says that everything will be put on hold, he doesn't really mean it. Tony is a multitasker and if that means he has to actually involve DUMM-E for an extra hand of help, then so be it.
"Bruce, my literal life saviour. Where have you been all my life?"Tony is gasping in awe as he is handed a mug of coffee the minute he seems to glide into the small kitchen of the Rogers resident. It's approaching 10 in the morning, a total of 4 hours sleep on the clock and probably the most that Tony has had since he was in a coma.
"She'll be good for you too, Steve."Tony adds quietly, watching how Steve seems to alertly look over at Tony and it's almost as if Tony can see all of the emotions in Steve's baby blue eyes, the fear, the anxiety, the sadness, the ever growing defensiveness but Tony straightens up, clears his throat as he taps absently at his StarkTab. "I'll be back in 27 days. He'll have that arm in no time."
to double check it.
In the will, Tony is majority shareholder, if only by a percent more than the board put together and a lot more of a percentage above Obie too, which Tony finds hilarious. However, despite his shareholder position and the company being left in his name, the perfect wonders of small print entitles Stane, Obadiah to head Stark Industries in the name of Howard Stark as business partner and maturity outwaying the likes of Tony's.
"Oh I know, this is not a physical bruise."He puts down his elbow, throwing up a holographic screen so that he can swipe and swerve through them in search of the thing that he's looking for.
"For god sake, let him talk, Stevie."His voice has changed to, in a way that only someone who has spent military service and came out more broken than he had went in can hold. It's rougher, deeper. Steve's mouth snaps shut but he remains a wall between Tony and his patient which is unnerving as he sucks a breath in.
"Sure you don't."Tony slams the Stark Tab down onto the wooden counter top of the receptionist counter, listening to its deafening sound of glass onto wood.
, has sent Tony's blood running cold for a whole new reason for a second time this day, for the hairs on the back of his neck to stand on edge, his heart to hammer against his fragile ribcage, to feel it in his throat because a
"I don't know if I'm hurt, I feel numb, I always feel numb."Tony's voice comes out robotic, still without emotion as if trained to have said these words over and over again in front of his bedroom mirror, inside of his head as he walked home from a bad date, into himself under the sheets of his bed when he's crawled into bed. There's no emotion in his words but Steve can
"Shit?"
her. I get where she's coming from, sometimes, but she also has not right."
Did he take his medication? And did he bring extra medication incase he spends the night? And what if he spends the next day as well? What if he runs out? Fuck maybe he should just turn around and go back home because knowing Tony he probably forgot and if he forgot then the risk or something going dramatically wrong is very very high-
"What am I going to do with you, boy."She shakes her head with a sigh. Steve is so handsome and it's a pity to see him battered and bruised, with life lasting scars across his chest and face that only remain because he keeps picking at them before they can heal or are too deep to cover up completely."I need to wrap you up in cotton wool."
but for not himself. He was a proud peacock who had just been turned down, shunned, made of a full on as he motioned out to the emptiness of the workshop, with no other soul but Tony and Pepper, of DUM-E who remained charged in his station, of a half built Butterfingers."To JARVIS, of course."
"Gosh, Ty, don't look so upset, people might actually think you don't care about me."Tony bypasses the blonde on his way into a lecture that he's been signed up to, something about Biomechanics that had sparked his interest after Bruce went on an hour long talk about it to him that night at Steve's. Tony could honestly have sat their for hours and listen to Bruce talk about paint drying and he wouldn't listened, more so that Bruce looks like the type of guy not to open up much and another so that Tony liked the intelligent company.
Bruce became Tony's go-to brain, someone who Tony could rely on to talk to about inventions and specs, to have a look at his latest prototype or test out one of Tony's newest inventions. The only person that Tony could trust was Tony, but sometimes when Tony couldn't trust Tony, he trusted Bruce.
"Stole it from maintenance."He shrugs his shoulders, stroking his thumb over the blueprints that he's looking at. It's the outline sketch for a new robot, DUMM-E is getting bored all on his own and deserves a friend to get along with and also help out Tony in the lab. Tony leaves out the part where he actually paid some nurse to get it for him and bring it back, Sarah doesn't need to know that.
Tony's face has had a habit of being plastered over tabloids and 60 second gossip intervals between television programmes, but Obie and the impressive Public Relation team that he set up for Tony's best interest at heart was always quick with smudging NSFW photographs and distorting stories. Tony loved the attention, he still
There's a kink in his neck as he huffs and puffs, turning from his side to his back, stretching out his back, then his neck, the shoulders, the arms and flex his fingers in the air for a bit before his hands comeback to his face, rubbing at his tired, heavy eyes. He doesn't want to get up, he doesn't want to face the world and all it's problems, all of
"Usually between 2 to 6 months."He answers truthfully, momentarily looking down at the Tab, eyes flickering to how long ago it was that Barnes had suffered his injury at war. 6 months ago."Your notes indicate that you had refused further treatment after your surgery for a prosthetic even though you were covered under Stark Insurance so all medical expenses would have been paid for. Is there a certain reason for this?"
"I have wallowed in pity and pain because of you for far too long and I'm over it. I've been over it for
"It must've cost you a lot."Steve frowns over at him as he sets the bags on the counter.
"You have no fucking idea how happy I am to see you. Did you know that I found fur in my pudding while in hospital? Fucking
"By Force."Tony chuckled dryly, looking everywhere but at Steve. Tony didn't really count a lot of people to be his friend, if anything he had 3 friends that he knows of, those being Pepper, Rhodey and J.A.R.V.I.S - Tony would fight tooth and Nail with anyone who dared to tell him that he couldn't be friends with his AI -."If it wasn't for the avengers, you would've even care to know me."
"I'll survive."Steve backtracks and grabs a wind breaker and hat from the coat rack by the front door, shoving them on.
This is a very late update, just like all of the other updates for the fics that I have published here and on Wattpad.
Because Tony can't bare the sight of him, not now, not ever. But what Tony wants and what Tony gets is a totally different matter as he has his body bent over a reception counter, making himself seeming to be occupied with work but really trying to regulate his breathing, the heartbeat in his throat, the sweat on his brow.
Sometimes when Tony is feeling down on his luck and isn't too busy, Tony likes to take up cases in the paediatric ward, sorting out kids with disabilities, from underdeveloped limbs at birth to children who have unfortunately lost ability of their limbs due to accidents and illnesses. As much as Tony doesn't want to have kids of his own, he sure does love them. He loves their fascination and wonderment, or the way they smile in gratitude and amazement when they take a first step with a new prosthetic, or move a finger for the first time. It was amazing.
"Who says this will be the last time I'm landed in hospital?"Tony offers Sarah a lopsided smirk, shoving the cigarette into the pocket of his hoodie, hoping that she didn't see it. His suitcase is prompted up beside him, clothing neatly folded by Steve and other items thrown in by Tony.
"Hello Doctor Caldwell."He nods with a polite smile, continuing his venture down the corridor. He gives polite smiles and little waves as he walks, peering into side rooms that he knows people that are in and getting a chorus of greetings whenever he passes one of the open wards. He's passing a room which makes me stop dead in his tracks.
"You bid me?"Tony raises his eyebrow fondly with a laugh.
Tony had been jostled out of his thoughts and the gears had shifted from one of wallowing to one of action as he rushed and bustled to make himself look charming and alive.
"Why are you defending him, Steve? He's a liar, he's a deceiver-"
"Hmm?"Clint leads on, peering over at his boyfriend from where he is curled up into Natashas side, stuffing a pink marshmallow into his mouth. Bruce has taken place on the sofa, Thor in one on the recliners as Bucky and Steve enter the room, riding themselves of their soaked clothing.
"- and you go back to being Steve."
The air is crisp against his skin whenever he stands outside, the December wind blowing through his hair as he closes the front door and stands out into the gravel. He can still hear the chatter of guests from outside, the contrast of the light shining from the house against the darkness of outside.
"What I'd really like is a coffee, I haven't had a coffee since I don't know, maybe 3 weeks ago? It's over 2 weeks, I was out for a week, been awake for 8."Tony talks to himself, signing dramatically."That's the longest I've ever went without coffee."
"You look like shit."Rhodey deadpans in true James Rhodes fashion and it's familiar, comforting  and it doesn't make Tony feel as if he's hit rock bottom,
"It feels like you bought the entire store."
"What do you mean by situations-"
Tony likes the company of his own, and if not on his own, then the bots back in his workshop at MIT or Rhodey on those days that he needs the comfort and attention. Sure, he liked that Steve came up the hospital to visit him, and the texting but that's different. Steve is different, he looks at Tony different, treats him different and that's what Tony likes about him. He just isn't sure that he'll like his friends.
It's not as if Steve
Eyes closed, head bowed, Tony remains on the floor for a little while longer, the pulsing headache at his temples rising and the churning of his stomach continuing in a way that has Tony deep breathing to stop himself from throwing up because he is not weak. He takes his time but eventually Tony is pulling himself up to sit on the ripped sofa, and swaying to stand up onto his own shaky legs.
. Tony
"Is that what the rumours are, shrapnel poison?"He laughs in disbelief, rolling his brown eyes as he tries to push past Ty's body, a voice at the back of his head telling him to ignore the words that are coming out of his mouth and to push on. Tony had learned long ago on how to school his expression, it wasn't going to flatter now.
Tony grabbed for his tablet, tucking it under his arm with the rest of his misplaced and handled sheets. He'd sort this mess out himself. There were still kinks to sort through, permissions to be granted, money to summarise, young doctors to meet and greet, labourites to explore and kit out. So many things to do. On his own. Just like aways. Just like how it'll always be.
"Oh! You're just the man I was waiting for actually, I've seemed to have misplaced my Tablet however- no wait, there it is."Tony started brushing papers off of the StarkTab, blowing off Cheeto dust that was stuck to the screen when he was working over a patients chart on his 2 minute coffee break. "I have a million and one things to go over with you. I was thinking I can show you to specs here, maybe the labs, you can meet the team and then we can work on something, something small probably because you usually go back to H on a Wednesday, I'll get a jet to organise it and-"
"Don't worry, it's a good thing, the Arc Reactor."Tony taps at the metal frame around the main body of the Arc Reactor through his jumper, going into descriptive detail of Tony's entire winter break from start to finish as if Dumm-E understands, and he does understand goddamnit, he's smarter than anyone gives him credit for."It's keeping me alive."
"Soon, not now, but soon."
Tony's relationship with Howard could be the source of a lot of his problems. He couldn't necessarily blame Howard for everything bad that has happened in his life, but he could very well try. Tony was a child of rebellion from the minute he could start talking back to Howard's smack talk or lift a hand up himself to defend his face from any more cuts or bruises. Psychiatrists were full of shit, telling Tony that his Troubled ways was for his Dear ol' Daddy dearest attention; It wasn't.
Today however, it's different, because Tony actually kind of wants to go to Steve's house - because after a lot of dwelling and ranting to Jarvis who would rather see Tony going out than staying in, Tony had decided to actually go to Steve's house - and that's weird. Because Tony never wants to go anywhere, no matter how the media portray's the teenager as a social butterfly and never out of social interactions, Tony prefers the comfort of himself,
"Coffee first, I hope you got the memo."Tony passes, setting his sunglasses onto he large oak table just as Strange sighs and reaches for something on a table nearby, something steaming hot and smelling beautiful.
"D-Do you need me to help put that back?"Steve asks, setting the backpack down onto the bottom of Tony's bed.
), her finger nails scratching at his scalp.
"Did you design the specs yourself? I had done research awhile ago on Paladium but I was never able to wrap my head around it."
, the
Everyone mutters an apology, not meeting Natasha's dangerous eye as the car starts to move again. Bruce awkwardly goes back to whatever he was doing, blocking out the other three in the car with his earphones.
"No."
"I mean, I was, but I would've answered if you had called me."And it's Tony's lame excuse of trying to admit how much that he has missed the sound of Steve's soft soft voice, or how he's missed every breath, every laugh, every sigh that Steve has made in how own special, unique way and it's like a craving, an itch under Tony's skin just to hear Steve and it's unbelievable of how Steve has been able to corrupt Tony in such a way.
It made Tony seem snobby, like he was too good for even the most simplest of things like shopping for food, he was just speaking the gods honest truth. Howard was a paranoid and power hungry man that, even years after the war and Captain America plummeting into the ice, He wouldn't allow Maria to leave the grounds, never mind food shopping. Tony has learned the ways to just deal with his life, how he always had someone to wait on him hand and foot or someone to wipe his ass for him after using the toilet.
Tony.
"21...23...25...There it is! 27!"Tony cheers to himself, the car moving a slow speed down the smooth road, trying his best to dodge kids that are running out onto the road for their stray ball. Tony isn't use to seeing children out in the streets playing and having fun, and there's something warm in his chest to see that the cold and snow outside only increases their enthusiasm about playing outside in the snow.
"What can I say? I'm rich and have people willing to do anything for me, whether it be writing my shopping list or actually doing the shopping. I don't need to do anything more than sit around and look pretty."There's a small smirk playing on Tony's lips, a glint in those coffee brown eyes.
"Unless he comes back in handcuffs, that is. He's going to drive your beautiful car through a warehouse, he'll be all over the news."Bruce sighs, directing his attention to Tony and then to the rest.
"I could be. You haven't known me that long, I could be a serial killer for all you know."Tony Smirks as he settles against the concrete pillar of the balcony behind him, wrapping the duvet cover tighter around himself. It's strange, because Steve doesn't know him that long, and he especially doesn't know just how rich that Tony is.
"I- right, okay."Steve almost sounds defeated and a part of Tony wants to apologise and throw the StarkTab out the window and say '
"Makes sense."She shrugs a shoulder, turning a corner onto an unfamiliar road but Steve has been gone long enough to know that Natasha is well accustomed to her surroundings and where she is going, it's part of her job to
"Save your breath, punk."Bucky is snatching the phone out of Steves fumbling hands before the blonde can protest, rubbing at his eyes tiredly because it doesn't look like he's getting any sleep any time soon. He flips the phone, working his way to find Steves photo album as the blonde bites his bottom lip, watching his best friend.
"I did,"Steve says."C-can I sit down?"He asks hesitantly, motioning towards the chair that is sitting beside Tony's bed, covered in pieces of blue paper. Tony nods his head with a little sound, watching behind the glass of his glasses as Steve gently picks up the blue prints, neatly shuffles them before setting them on the table in front of Tony's photo frames.
. That most I can do is fiddle with a television whenever the screen gets all scrambled, and even at that I have to get Bruce or something to fix it for me. I'm terrible at technology but you- you have a gift."
"Well of course I am. You destroyed my home, you ruined Christmas and nearly destroyed your fathers company due to the bad publicity of his products."Maria speaks without as much as emotion in her voice, watching as Tony just shakes his head.
Don't get him wrong, he's had his close encounters and each and every time he's been well over his head with some type of illegal substance in his system and encouraging words whispered in his ear as they're crowded in a frat house bathroom. He's just lucky to have his guardian angel around to drag him out of those types of situations.
God, Tony needs a beer. Or a shot. Or a bottle of vodka.
"Well he hates me more, it seems, because he told me to call him James."
"I suggest taking a shower."
"Anthony!"Maria Stark says almost loudly but not a shout, setting her champagne flute onto a passing tray as she gracefully makes her way towards the pair that remain standing at the door. For her sage, Maria Stark sure is beautiful in her silky red evening gown and jewels and Rhodey can see where Tony gets his good looks from.
But regardless to this knowledge, the odds of Steve and Tony finding themselves in the same setting, the same company and circle were outrageously afar because Tony was no longer stupid enough to land himself in hospital for tampering with things that didn't belong to him (or well, he wasn't stupid enough to take himself to hospital, that was) and Steve, while remaining bullheaded, did not get into scraps in back alleyways anymore.
He should be happy that he's going home, that he's going to be able to see his Mom for the first time since that day of the accident, that he'll be able to see Jarvis without seeing that look of concern wash over his face every time the heart monitor misses a chime. He should be happy because it's his home, it should be his home, he should be happy.
"Good Afternoon Sir, the time is 5:12 in the afternoon, the temperature is currently 53 degrees Fahrenheit and you have 157 voicemails awaiting in your inbox-"And Pepper has gawked, if only a little as JARVIS had continued to impress and Tony had continued to shine if only for a little while at a creation he worked so hard upon. But he, JARVIS, was still only an infant and Tony had not finished with him yet, he had explained, because JARVIS was going to be the best, he was going to be worldwide known, but untouchable but only to Tony.
"More like death warmed me over."
"Starks don't cry, Starks don't puke, is there anything that Starks actually do?"
"Of course I ever liked him! From the second I laid my eyes on him I knew that he was hiding something and guess what, I was right!"Bucky is joyous, gleeful, smug as he throws his arms up in the air, a grin on his lips, a triumph tune in his voice because he was right! Everyone was so oblivious by Tony's shining personality, his charming grin, his flashy car.
"I spend most of my day working out with Clint, spearing, boxing, weights. To build up my strength."He finally speaks up after what has to be a couple of silent minutes, flexing the fingers on his remaining hand as he speaks.
Tonight's going to be entertaining
like a lot of people. Tony has just never presses the right impression onto people, especially people that know
It's not something that happens often, because usually neither of them are right, but when it does happen, it's as if a massive boot made out of steel has kicked him repeatedly in the backside and Steve is not fond of that feeling whatsoever. It's a feeling of dread in his stomach, and the voice in his head that taunts him with a chant of
"That's nice,"Tony hums, looking at his hand which was attached to the IV drip."Would it be okay to have your number? So we can stay in contact during the Hollidays? It's okay if you don't what to remain in contact, I get that, I just thought, Y'know maybe you'd like to text or something."
"Do you think I'd do such a thing?"Howard raises an eyebrow at the person he calls his son, he's
"Yeah, sorry about that, by the time that Thor and I had stopped chatting the entire living room had already been claimed and I decided that sharing your bed was a better option than sleeping third wheel with Natasha and James."Tony stretches out, eyes closed once again and a blissful sort of smile upon his face. It's the first decent batch of sleep that he's had since Rhodey left for home.
and too
"Excuse me."Clint turns sharply, stopping the trail of teenagers from entering the warm house making everyone walk into the back of one another."Did you just assume that I'm a bottom?"He glares half heartedly at Bruce.
"I see you're still alive."
"This kid must be something special because you've been glued to that mobile since I climbed through your window."Bucky points out, prompting himself up onto his elbow to try and take a glance at Steves phone. His eyes widen at the the string of messages that Steve has sent yet receiving none in return."Or maybe you're just obsessed."
"A mouth like mine gets dick, Mr.Stane."Tony deadpans, looking away from the man as he scuffs the toe of his shoe into the gravel."You would know all about that, wouldn't you?"Tony raises a perfectly plucked eyebrow at the man who stands before him, blowing cigar smoke into his face in a way that Tony would usually punch a guy in the gut for."Howard wouldn't like his business partner touching up his only heir."
"Tony-"
Tony lays there, for only a moment of two as he ponders the 'request' that is being urged towards him, if he could really even call it a request. They've been famously circling one another for months now, a game of Cat and Mouse that neither really acknowledge but both very knowledgeable that it is happening. And it's so different to what Tony usually does, when he knows there's a spark, even if just a little one, he shies away from it because Tony doesn't do sparks, and he sure as hell doesn't do
"Stone Inc. is a dead company, you know that, I know that, anyone who follows the media knows that. Spreading a rumour that Tony Stark, son of mass weapons producer Howard Stark, is suffering from Shrapnel poisoning through a faulty bomb isn't going to make you your fathers successor."And it's the cold, harsh truth because everyone who has ever glanced at a business magazine knows that Stone Inc. is having its shares sold off to the highest bidder and Tiberius is getting none of it.
Tony had spot him in the centre of the crowd, standing tall in his crisp suit and a crystal tumbler twirling in his hand, it's contents of liquid gold swirling against the glass. Tony would be lying if he said he wasn't distracted by him, more so for the fact that Tony's entire self has been knocked side wards after the eventful morning and the alcohol that still lingers in his system was not helping either. He hasn't seen Tiberius in so long and unlike Steve, who Tony had knew to be alive, he frankly thought Tiberius had been dead.
"Just go, Bruce. You must have other things to do than to piggyback off my intelligence."
."We work jobs around MIT, in coffee shops, bookstores, the sort like that. We saved and that's our goal."
Now he just needs to perfect it.
Also, Bucky lied. Cheese burgers cost way more than 2 dollars, and the extra fries and milkshakes rounded the cost to 15 dollars - including his bus fair. Steve was just glad that he had that extra cash that Reta gave him last week after doing her shopping, and the spare change from all the Christmas gifts he had bought for the gang. It would be worth it though, Tony looked sad and he didn't want anyone to be during this Christmas period.
"Stop being so panicky. Nobody will suspect a thing."Tony grumbles to himself as he turns on the ignition and starts to unbuckle his seatbelt. It's been a miracle that he's gotten this far without Steve suspecting a thing, but then again, Steve doesn't look like the type of person who would be interested in weapon manufactural - something Tony
"Good, because I'm sure not gonna let ya'."Steve smirks from behind his cup, catching Tony off guard as the smaller teen laughs and nudges him in the shoulder."We gotta meet up again before you leave though, you should come to Brooklyn. I can show you around, take you for pizza."
The hand gives his a squeeze, a squeeze to gain attention but to show affection and it makes Tony look up from where he's staring until he's looking into those eyes, baby blue and bright, open and caring and curious and worried all mashed into one. He looks away, feeling ashamed, there's fingers under his chin that pulls him back to those eyes, to a blue so bright like sapphires and a face so beautiful and set.
Money was able to buy Tony out of a lot of speeding tickets and it kept the media quiet on numerous occasions when the young Stark was caught up in bed with A man twice his age, or caught in a college bar bathroom with some senior doing cocaine off of his ass. People wanted him for his brains, his body and the money and for once - second actually because Rhodey just wanted Tony
The door opens.
"Trying to get the fuck away from 'Tasha and Thor. Those two crazy bastards take snow ball fights way too fucking seriously. I think Thor bruised my ribs with a ball of snow."Clint grimaces, giving a shiver as he looks over his shoulder. The snow ball fight had started an hour before, taking it from across the city to Steve and Buckys neighbourhood.
"I'm not exactly raining down with friends, Steve."Tony's voice comes out bitter, keeping his eyes on the dark liquid of coffee that remains in the bottom of his mug. There's two open empty packets of sugar on the booths table, little grains of sugar remaining on the table."And I just need, I just need
He's grown up in large crowds, forced to Dinner parties and shoved into Boarding school dorms with other kids that only wanted to get close to him because their parents found out who is father was, and he got use to that. And even now, at an age where he spends his college days stuck in an overpriced club on a guys lap for hours, he's gotten use to that to, but mostly now it's because he's too intoxicated to care.
"Right, sorry."Tony mumbles, swiping over the screen to shut the tablet off, the flight booked and references sent to Rhodeys email for him to print out before he leaves the house."I have everything sorted, sent to your email."
, he has a friend. Steve isn't use to how Tony acts or talks, he doesn't know Tony the way that Rhodey does, he won't be as open minded and uncaring like Rhodey is when it comes to Tony's sexuality and his attachment to affection.
After a few hours of procrastinating, Tony hops into the shower, scrubbing himself clean of the dreaded Hospital stench that seemed to have stained his skin. He washes from head to toe, rinse and repeat because he might not be happy about going to his dinner event but that doesn't mean he's going to show up looking like a slob. Tony Stark dresses to impress.
But Rhodey is right, he does stink, of sweat and sex and booze and now that it's been pointed out it's hard to ignore. He should
"That's a bit hard when my personal life and my profession go a hand in hand, Bruce. Which, by the way, is not my fault."Tony had once tried to become a private man, to keep his affairs and whereabouts and what doings things that nobody knew about, but it was pretty hard when the media has been following your existence before your birth and Obie just loves to throw Tony into a media frenzy every once in a while to rile up the board.
Most of the time, Tony would have the Mansion to himself. Howard and Maria would be off to another home, another island that the Starks owned and called their own. Okay, and sometimes Tony would take advantage of being home alone and have a party packed to the roof with young adults doing all sorts of drugs - and it was safe to say, that Jarvis wouldn't tell a soul because he was more loyal to Tony than to any other Stark - but then, There were times that Tony just locked himself in his fathers workshop and fiddled with tools.
IMPORTANT A/N
"It's 2pm,"At this exact moment, Rhodey is ripping open the curtains that had darkened the bedroom, pouring in what light that peeks through the dark clouds of rain in the sky. Tony recoils with a flinch, twisting until he's now buried his face into the mattress of his bed."And as much as I love that you're not locked in your workshop and actually spending time in our dorm, I
"Tony-"
"Now, play nice. You're the one that wanted me here, remember?
"You don't mean that."
It hurts. It hurts a lot more than Steve has ever felt in his life as he lies on his bed, palms of his hand dug into his eyes to take the pressure off from behind his eyes, to stop this pathetic cycle he has caught himself in. Steve would be lying if he told himself that the months have gotten better, that he's forgotten and moved on, but he hasn't, and his solution is a distraction instead.
"What are you, a superhero?"Steve laughs, holding the phone a little too close to his face as he tries to shuffle through the crowds of people that have found their way into Natasha's home. It was supposed to be a quiet New Years party with just their inner circle, which ended up - because Thor has a big mouth - as a full blown party that Steve wishes he hadn't gotten involved with.
"You're looking good."Tiberius seems to purr, emerging from a crowd and blocking the path that people seem to relaxingly make at Galas and banquets, enough room for waiters and cocktail waitresses to shimmy with their tray of drinks and tiny foods and one that Tony was using as a quick escape to the bar. His shoulder is pressed against Tony's own but not for long.
Or the look of exciting, curiosity and wonder than had flickered in Howard's eyes as he set eyes upon the blowing blue arc reactor for the first time through the slim opening of Tony's bedroom door. The poking, the prodding, the questioning that everyone from S.I did as he was dragged by what felt like the collar around all of Howard's business partners to look at the
"Duh? What's the point in having a Russian friend and not stealing their vodka? It's common sense."Bucky has that odd smile on his face as he leans back into the chair, rubbing a hand over his face and then through his well styled hair. He might not care for Christmas - people in general - but he cared about his appearance, and shamelessly looked good in anything.
It was so lifting to see that Tony wasn't letting the Arc Reactor get in the way of his shining personality, he'd been up the day he'd awoke, fiddled and upgraded everything in his hospital room and still managed to charm the nurses and wiggle his way into Sarah's Rogers heart with those coffee brown eyes and sleep ruffled hair.
Tony doesn't trust alot of men, it shows a lot whenever he refuses to take his medication or eat any food brought up by a male nurse. He barely listens to Doctor Yinsen whenever he comes up to check on Tony, because as much as he's a doctor and Tony knows he should be able to trust him, he can't find it in himself to do so. But he trusts Sarah, Tony knows that Sarah just wants him to get better.
And it had felt so good to be talking to someone who thought the same way as you did. It had felt even better to be able to talk about inventions, ideas, plans, dreams that you never thought you'd be able to do and for Bruce to tell you how you could do it. He made everything that Tony thought was impossible, possible. Tony could talk for hours to Strange about his ideas, his inventions and dreams and as much as Strange was smart, he didn't understand. But Bruce did.
Like tampering with one of the Prototype 'Stark Missiles' in Howard's workshop and having it explode in front of Tony
"The fucking shade,
Part of Steve when he thinks of stupid, funny little quirks that his friends posses, has him spiralling into a terminal state of depression of his current life choices, of his own ambitions and wants and needs. His career, or his hopeful career, is going to take him far away from the moment that he's in now, surrounded by his friends, the people that he cares for, in the moment and being apart of the memory, which is the fearful part.
. He needs to be around
"That, I guess."Tony shrugs coyly, looking over at the pile of energy bar wrappers and empty bottles protein shakes that Tony had thrown at the over flowing bin. It's by no means nutritional but he's never really been a great eater to begin with, that's not saying he doesn't like food because he does, when he wants it.
"The sex tapes, yes, they were enough evidence that Phil is the one in charge of the relationship."Thor adds his part, shrugging off his soaked jacket and draping it over the radiator. Despite the lack of members, Bucky, Natasha and Thor had won the snow ball fight with a victory of claiming whatever was inside Clints Christmas stocking.
If it was up to Tony, and it
"I don't- you weren't a
Tony can't remember much of last night and he's not sure if it's a good or a bad thing, but he knows that he's going to find out sooner or later. Obie will be more than thrilled to sit him down like an ill mannered little boy and show him last night, glimpses caught through the lenses of wandering phones and paparazzo lenses. It was his favourite thing to do, Tony is sure, because the condescending smirk and tight hand around Tony's neck is a dead give away of just how much he enjoys it.
"Tony, are you okay?"
But Tony is stubborn, he doesn't want his ideas to be in the hands of people like Howard or his business partner Obi. He knows that whatever Tony has his ideas for, will be turned on its head and used for weapons, for manipulating technology that will sure be used to take over the world or some illogical shit like that.
Tony's feathers have been ruffled, he overcomes the chill as he rolls back his shoulders, making himself feel stronger, feel taller as he speaks up.
"I- Sorry. I'm just worried, y'know? This is such a big thing and what if Buck backs out in the next 27 days and does what he always does, it worries me. He worries me. I know you're doing a lot, I'm sorry."And the thing is, Steve truly does look and sound like he means it. The I'm sorry sounds real, genuine, truthful, it doesn't sound forced and Tony thinks that's the thing that shocks him the most because it may not be the apology he initially deserves, but it's still an apology.
intelligent. So he was given a workshop, Howard's old Workshop, a couple of floors below ground level and given only mer descriptions of what the company wanted him to make, deadlines to meet, a budget to be constricted by.
"This was your idea."Stephen points out.
"I know- I know that."He catches her wrist as she goes to leave, mingle with the press, get her perfectly constructed words about the wonderful arrangement of the Gala, about the dreadful earthquake, flood or cancer that they are fundraising for this evening."I'm sorry. It's been-
that I go."Tony tries for a smile but it was getting a little annoying to have Steve jumping up from the sofa every time Tony went to cross his legs or following him from the livingroom to the kitchen.
"You did this on purpose."He narrows his eyes, watching how Stephen seems to hesitate for a reply before he continues."You sprung this onto me because you know that planning is not my expertise."
New York has always been cold, and winter weather is the worse. There's snow gracing the pavements and drive ways, on the roofs of houses and cars. Steve is use to the weather, but unfortunately so, the house is even colder than the weather outside with the heating busted and Sarah Rogers hasn't come round to phoning for someone to come and fix it.
"How nice."Maria gives Rhodey a smile, pulling her hand away whenever the handshake ends. Her eyes catch sight of their hooked elbows, giving Tony a look with a raised eyebrow that makes him squirm because he was not going to have his Mother bring
James eyes the packet up, body stiff as he stares the packet of premium cigarettes with narrowed steel blue eyes as if the offered packet of cigarettes are laced with poison. Tony has to stop himself from rolling his eyes at the suspicious look that's washed over James.
"That's- that didn't happen- we didn't-"
It's one of Howard's Classics, vintage and stylish and one that Tony hopes to inherit as soon as his so called father croaks it. It's a beautiful car, much like the rest that Howard has stashed in the garage for eyes only to view. Although, it didn't stop Tony from taking a car every once in awhile for a spin, totally worth the back hand when caught.
"That gives me even more reason to worry."She snorts, pulling away from the hug but with hesitant actions, a slight quiver in her voice but she pulls herself together just like she always does because she's Sarah Rogers and she's strong, despite the fact she's hurting and despite the fact she disapproves but she can't stop him.
"You left."His eyes never leave the window, of where he watches a jet pass in the sky, a bird hop off a branch, a sheet of a newspaper skid across the slush pavement, caught in the wind.
"You look-"
"-Tasha said that we can borrow her car, which is an understatement because she gave me a fucking Bible of instructions on how to start the stupid piece of shit, and apparently, if we damage it, we have to pay for it as if it's not already falling apart- and you're not even
"What happened? Are you okay?"Rhodey panics, a hand resting on Tony's cheek not minding of the make up that he wears. Shakily, Tony sighs, his heart pumping in his chest as the nerves of what has happened before Rhodey arrived still running in his head, mixing with other events similar to the one before that continue to scar Tony's mind, a deep dark secret that even Rhodey doesn't know of.
"What if he's my only asset?"
"We aren't gonna spend Video Game night playing fucking Mario Kart."Bucky deadpans, sending Steve a deathly look. Mario Kart never ends well, with usually the console thrown out the window by Thor and Clint being sulky over his 4th consecutive loss."Clint also says no to Mario Kart."
, was never
"Are you not allowed any of this? Cheeseburgers and coffee?"Realisation kicks in the moment Tony shakes his head and laughs, pointing his free hand at his chest, not directly at his chest or the arc reactor.
Tony would like to say that he has a half decent life, he wouldn't go as far as saying he has the best life ever - because wasn't Naive and could clearly say to anybody freely that some parts of his life was utter shit - but it wasn't as if his life was the worse. Yeah, okay, he had parents that really couldn't give a shit about where he went, who he was with or how much money that spent, but he had people that do care about him, it wasn't as if he was on his own.
"You actually got me a cheeseburger?"Tony says in shock, his brown eyes wide as he's handed the wrapped up burger."Steve, you didn't need to, I-"
Tiberius Stone has seemed to have grown more handsomer with age, more chiselled and mature, the boyish charm that hung about him in university long gone now from the man that keeps following Tony about like an unwanted, pestering fly. Tony may hate Tiberius Stone with all of his might, with every fibre of his body, but that does not mean he can't recognise beauty when he sees it, and Tiberius Stone still remains an annoyingly beautiful man.
"How much is a cheeseburger?"
And with that, he leaves. Whipping the curtain behind him as he goes.
But it wasn't the last he heard from Tony Stark because upon arriving at his newly furnished home in Virginia, a car had been parked in his driveway, one that Bruce could surely not be able to afford with a salary like his. A bright yellow sticky note stuck to its windshield, engineers scrawl handwriting;
"I won't be happy until you're happy, which you never fucking are."Rhodey is blunt and he's mean, but he's not mean to
The Doctor Introduces himself as Dr. Ho Yinsen, and he explains throughout the process he had went though to accustom the new found Arc Reactor magnet in Tony's chest, which would stop the piece of Shrapnel from the missile from entering his chest and killing him. Tony seems to take it in his stride, he nods, he asks questions and is pretty calm whenever Yinsen explains what would happen if the arc reactor is damaged and broken.
"Rhodey?"Tony calls in search for the man in question. The Second dinner had been called to an end, Tony was up like a flash to get some fresh air, to get away from the thick tension that was slowly starting to stir between himself and Howard with every ticking minute and every slurred word.
"Tony."
Sarah looks over at the Dark skinned boy shown in the photograph. He was obviously older and taller than Tony, but his smile was genuine as he has his arm draped around Tony's shoulder and grinning at the camera.
, out of all the places in the world, Steve had not been expecting Tony to be standing in that hospital cubical, as a
"It's a struggle of morality verses ethics."He continues, waving a hand as he speaks,"You can either pass on the responsibility to Strange or you let Steve be the wall between you winning a Nobel Peace Prize and Bucky being able to live a normal life."
"As if I'd allow some community college bloke come and fix a television that I can do in less time that them."Tony rolls his brown eyes, eyeing the television before shaking his head and looking back down at his blueprints.
“I don’t want to-“Steve butts in to protest but Thor cuts him off.
"I guess I was covered in snow,"Steve gives an odd shiver. He was never fond on the cold, he could stick it just like anybody else but he didn't like it. The cold gave him an odd feeling that set into his bones and one that Steve was unable to shake off.
"That's...a lot to take in."Steve mutters, shocked by how monotone Tony is about the Arc Reactor - as Steve now knows it as - in his chest, practically keeping him alive and preventing shrapnel - from a fucking bomb? What the hell as his kid been up to? - from piercing his fucking heart."I was to introduce myself again. I'm Steve Rogers."
Steve has his bottom lip worried away as he stares at the string of messages that he has sent Tony as if he's trying to find something that he had said that had been off putting. Usually, Tony was a fast replier - so fast that he's texting out more replies in the space it takes Steve to write one word - so for Tony not to reply as soon as possible, it was making Steve a little paranoid.
"What the hell do you think you were playing at?"She's angry, she's furious, she's exasperated, she's...she's unbelievably breathtaking looking as she storms onto the runway from the car and Tony never thought he'd be able to look at Pepper again. But here she is. In all her glory.
"I could try."
, he hates that name."
Sarah Rogers was a hardworking and devoting mother to Steve, she was what Steve would say, the best mother that he could ever be blessed with, and in a lot of ways, she was. She might've been hardworking and yeah, okay, Steve didn't see her all that often depending on her shift at the hospital, but she worked hard to give Steve everything and Steve couldn't ask for a better mother than that.
Or well, how such people could, in Tony's case. Tony sure knew how to pick them.
"What is your purpose being here?"Tony finally looks up, with a raised eyebrow and his lips pursed into a straight line."Is your sole purpose in life to tell me that I can't do this or that I can't do that? Because honestly, honey, If you're supposed to be some goddamn guardian Angel you're doing a hell of a shit job."
"I hadn't-"
and it
"I'm fin-"
. For being more than a hacker when he was 12, or smart for building a 'simple' robot, but intelligent, genius,
And he hangs up.
for him. Tonys touch had still lingered in places where his hands had smoothed over, his lips had placed butterfly soft kisses upon, his foot had gently pressed against, his body had leaned into. Tony's touch was a ghostly reminder, something to gravitate towards when he was pressed flat to a dusted road in a tattered country of bullets and bombs.
"Thanks..."Tony's voice trails off, looking at Steve skeptically as if he was waiting for the backlash that was yet to come. Nobody ever commented Tony's work, even his professors just
Steve would never forget the look on his mother's face the day that he told her that he was joining the army, that her son, her baby, was being jetted off to a war torn third-world country to fight a never ending battle over land, oil, money, power. It had been a look of utter heartbreak, a freeze-frame imagine that would forever be etched into Steve's mind because despite the fact that this was something he had his heart set on doing for years, he was still breaking his mother's heart by going.
"Enough, Buck."
Tony bites his bottom lip, feeling guilty that he's lying to Steve as easy as speaking a sentence. His lies about his parents came easily, he has been telling fibs since the moment he could talk and it was no use telling the truth to play some sort of sympathy card because he doesn't want that. He
Tonys phone is handmade, built by Tony himself with advanced technology even for the times that they live in. He couldn't deal with IPhones or Samsung mobiles, finding them too clunky and easily breakable, always bugging or smashing into pieces. This phone however, is quick and will have to take an intense amount of pressure for it to break.
Tony is almost startled whenever he looks up to realise that Steve has extended his arm forward for Tony to shake his hand. He eyes Steves hand cautiously, looking for any threats before he musters up the courage to let his hand - which looks so small in comparison to Steves - Steves hand."Tony Stark."
"Friend?"
"Sure."James snorts, now looking at Tony for the first time since he has taken off his shirt. You wouldn't think how toned that Tony is but he cuts a fine figure from all the heavy lifting he does in his workshop. Sure, his eating habits is out of whack but what he does in the workshop more or less makes up for it, or that's how Tony sees it anyway.
"He can't wait a month, he needs this thing now."And Steve will be dammed if he's waited all this time just for Tony to blow him off to start some other project.
In any case, it's not Tony's fault that it's been blabbed, but he'll sure get the blame for it. Tony can picture the scene already, the look of utter outrage upon Howard's face, the disappointment upon his Mom's. As if almost dying wasn't enough, he had been blamed for the damage of the house, been shown off like cattle for slaughter at a Dinner party only to be shown that he was still alive, and the sake of the company will be shoved upon his shoulders.
"I've missed you so much."Tony is quick to collide into Rhodey's chest, arms wrapping around the older man in a desperate hug that he's been longing for for weeks.
"Pepper."Tony muffles his grumble by taking a gulp of his favourite black liquid, the bitter taste of coffee seeming to give him a little boost. Tony isn't overly surprised that Pepper had given Stephen a heads up because Tony can be pretty unbearable without sleep or caffeine. When Tony looks back to Stephen, he smiles, and it's not as tight as it was before. "Thank you. Now, the agenda for today?"
"Believe it or not, I use to bring you here for the tea."Her tone is teasing, just a little as Tony rolls his eyes.
"You don't want me as a friend,"Tony swallows his chewed up food, and scrunching up the plastic that was once covering up a cheeseburger that Tony has now ate. He makes an aim for the closed bin, groaning and slumping against the pillows whenever he misses by a mile off."I'm a flight risk, a fuck up."
He has bought two cheeseburgers, and fries, and two milkshakes and even if Steve doesn't like burgers or fries from fast food industries, he would eat them so that Tony didn't eat alone or Tony could just have them both, he didn't care. Anyway, Steve likes milkshakes and he hopes that Tony likes milkshakes, and he really hopes that he isn't lactose intolerant because that would really make things shit.
"Wait,"Tony says urgently, noticing the slight frown on Steves lips whenever the blonde looks down at the change in his hand, leaning over to open the draw of the beside table, Tony fishes out his own wallet and takes out the dollar bills within it. Jarvis had brought it up for him on his last visit, just incase.
"I reckoned you were busy."
"What?"
"Well, I pay for the water so you don't have to deal or fuss about that."Tony tries his hardest to bite back his laugh, the look on Steves face priceless and just damn right amazingly funny.
He's a perfectionist, sue him.
Tony is wrapped up in a hug that should be called Awkward, because it is with Maria's arms around his shoulders and Tony left unsure of where to place his own arms or if he should hug back. It wasn't like the hug he received from Sarah, that had been a genuine hug of 'Please be safe' unlike the hug he's receiving now, forced.
"Fuck,"Steve curses whenever he reaches further into the backpack, grimacing whenever his fingers land in the coldness of the milkshakes that has now been spilt all over the bottom of his backpack, making it unbearably soggy and disgusting.
"It's called an Arc Reactor, if you're going to talk about it, at least call it by its name."Tony blows out a stream of white smoke, watching it as it disappears off into the clear night sky. It's a cold night and Tony's body shivers with every gust of wind, teeth chattering and lips turning blue but the atmosphere inside of Steve's house was getting too much for Tony to bear, so he escaped outside, where it was quiet and peaceful.
By request, and because Tony Stark is utterly terrified of Pepper Potts, Tony had indeed read the cards word by word and had only added a quip or two when he thought the dialogue was dry and the crowd was even dryer. He had smiled, he had waved, he had posed for photos and signed the sheets, shook hands and nodded his head, was patted on the shoulder, on the back, fingers lingered on his arm, hands squeezing his own as business men and women gushed and spoke energetically because
Stark Industries goes through a jurassic change over the months after Howard's death, or so, Tony suspects from the mountains of emails that seem to gather in his inbox, notified with every keyword or forward of an email of plans, tactics, marketing, production. None of it concerns Tony, as of yet, because Tony's job is to be the face of the Corporation and when he's not doing that, he's stuck in engineering the latest gadget or gizmo.
So he fought his way out of the caves.
"Mr Barnes does not need this now, neither of you even knew that this
"True that."Phil and Natasha Salute, raising their mugs before taking a drink of the warm beverage that goes all the way to their bones.
It's Steve's life. It's Steve's war. And he'll make her proud.
"Everyone is fine Mom. Go back to work."He basically shoos her away with a gentle and reassuring smile. She nods, already turning so she can start rushing down the hallway once again, allowing Steve to breath a little easier. It didn't take a genius to know where Steve got his kindness and good nature from, it was knitted into Steve.
"What about Mario Kart?"
They smell different too, of coffee but not the cheap garage coffee that Phil always stinks of but of coffee beans, freshly grounded and a hint of hazelnut to the scent. They don't smell of perfume, or aftershave, but of sweet cigarettes and potato chips, radiating a sort of warmth that doesn't make Steve kick off the bedcovers but makes him want to curl an arm around them and pull them in closer.
"I'd like for you to come down to Brooklyn, before you leave to go back to MIT, and spend the day with me. And my friends."Steve adds onto the end, something that makes Tony's smile flatter and for the butterflies in his stomach to stop for some odd reason because he shouldn't have been expecting
Pushing himself off the bed, Tony shuffles his way towards the door just as the knocking starts again, more inpatient than before. Hesitantly, Tony is unbolting the lock on his bedroom door and opening the door, finding himself face to face with Howard who stands in front of Tony. It's a shock to even see the man, nevertheless for him to be knocking on Tony's door during the
"I won't tell if you don't,"Obi almost whispers, his voice gruff in that way that makes Tony's stomach curl and turn, wanting to throw up the food he had forced himself to eat only because his Mother kept giving him concerned glances. He swallows thickly whenever Obi leans in further, a stench of expensive cigar on his clothing."And we both know that you
"Oh I've seen it, I expected better."He dumps Tony onto the bed, watching how the younger male seems to just stretch out on the silk sheets, his body glistened by the streaming sunlight that shines through the large windows that stretch from wall to wall, leading to view of the magnificent beach and ocean below.
keeps me alive, kinda, it's a complicated matter that I'm sure your self in-tilted mind won't comprehend. Your grunge ego style, however, doesn't."Tony is squishing the bud into the damp wood of the decking before flicking it off onto the pavement, crossing his arms around his stomach and hunching over.
The room is as untouched at the last time that Tony spent the night here, in Stark House, a year or two before he was accepted into MIT and he and Peggy spent week of summer just chilling. It had been a good week, Tony loved the beach and he loved the ocean and Peggy use to tell the most amazing of stories that kept his mind away from he haunting family that he left back in New York.
He doesn't want Steve to know of his wealth, to feel intimated or even intrigued.
"I need to pack."He repeats like a broken record player, his hand tightening around the straps of his backpack.
"Oh you know, chopping wood, playing basket ball, swimming relays. You know, the usual stuff."
"Food, eat."Tony likes to call their living quarters a dorm but in retrospect, it's an apartment on the edge of campus with all expenses paid and the only worry you have is to make sure your key doesn't fall into the wrong hands and that there's milk in the fridge. Maria accommodates them, their rent, bills, maid service if need be, and it's one if the few things that Rhodey does accept as a Stark curtesy because as a college student, he'd rather take a blow at his self pride rather than being neck deep in debt.
James wears the same leather jacket that he had last time Tony had seen him, heavy over his shoulders, hiding his missing limb. James hides his deformity with his jacket just like how Tony hides his with fancy suits and layers of black vests to dim its glow. It doesn't work for Tony and it doesn't work for James. But Tony knows that it doesn't work for him, Tony may have gotten to a stage of understanding that he'll have to live with this deformity forever but Bucky hasn't and he doesn't even seem to realise that he won't have to either.
"Dude, it's fine. It's fine."Tony reassures, his voice softening as he speaks but not meeting Steves eye."If it stops glowing, it means it stops working, if it stops working, the magnet won't stable the shrapnel that is aiming for my heart meaning that I'll die a very slow but painful death."Tony says as if it's the most simplest of things to spill from his mouth.
A time skip will commence after this chapter so hold onto your seats ladies and gents
"So I've this bruise..."Tony starts, holding up his exposed elbow and making a show of looking at it himself, frowning.
understand. She can only witness, she can only sit and see how her actions cause effects to those she had loved and those she had left too.
That's not to say that everyone else is useless in the cooking department because as much as Bucky loves to deny the fact, he's an excellent baker and Natasha has some recipes up her sleeve. And coming from a rather close knit family, Thor's family were keen on massive amounts of food too, usually bringing in left over from the night before for the rest of the crowd.
"I prefer to use my fists. Like a normal person."
"Then you can repay me with something else, not with money."Steve huffs stubbornly, watching how Tony scrunches up his nose in utter confusion as to what else he could repay Steve in. Steve takes that as his moment to leave the room,"I'll be back in a mo'."
"Wait what?"
"Obviously not enough to come and visit me in the hospital."Tony grumbles, trying to pull away from his Mothers touch.
"Time passes, people heal."He had shrugged, almost dismissively.
"They're talking so fast I don't even think they're speaking English anymore. It's like watching Phil talk about taxes."Thor comments, eyes going to the pair on the sofa as he grabs a remote control to set up the PlayStation for whoever is playing.
"Oh you thought I was talking about the coffee, how cute."Tony is offering him one of his cheeky smiles, resting his tired body against the kitchen counter as he watches the nerdy teenager manoeuvre himself around the kitchen. There's food on the go, weirdly enough, and Tony wonders who all of the food is for.
"Well when that time comes, it will come."Sooner than one thinks. There's a voice in the back of his head that is telling him, almost like a beg to tell him mom now of his plans for the future, that if he is unsuccessful in school - and let's face it, he isn't doing all that well despite all of the tutoring that Bruce is giving him on the weekends - that he's going to enrol into the army.
? C'mon, man, you know I'm a waffle kind of guy, if you're going to dump me at least get my favourite breakfast food right."
"Babe, you're rambling."Rhodey forcefully cuts him off, pulling out his suitcase from under his bed, his phone pressed between his shoulder and his ear.
"That's besides the point,"Rhodey gives him
Maybe he should just go before they show up,  make up some family emergency excuse or-
"They're
Comic drawing pays well enough, even in the century of advancing technology with screens that display whatever you desire with just a tap or two and the act of reading a newspaper or cracking the spine of a book has become foreign in this fast moving world, and even faster moving city. Steve lives well, better than he has growing up but not too much off that he forgets of where he came from, and the benefits he received after his discharge have helped him too.
"I had a family."Is all she can say because it's an explanation itself, because family is an excuse, it's valid, it's legit, it's used for emergency situations or for events that you don't want to go to because when you say my family needs me, or, my daughter is sick, it's a lot more important than a funeral of a long lost friend or a crying child that isn't your own.
The staff that has tended to Tony seem to be half decent, Tony wouldn't say they were his favourite people to have prodding him with doses of painkillers or to wipe him down with a sponge but then again, they were only doing their job. It wasn't a surprise that Tony has seen so sign of Howard or Maria.
So he left because Bucky's health, his opportunities and life was far more important than Steve's own.
“He’s a charmer,”Natasha slinks in beside Steve and the broad shouldered teen would’ve flinched at the unexpected voice if it wasn’t for the fact that he’s use to Natasha’s sneakiness. Her red hair is tied up into a tight pony tail of loose curls, face clear and clean of make up and shining in her natural beauty.
His stomach twists in guilt whenever he thinks back to Tony, the teenager he had ran out on only because Steve was kind of disturbed by the blue ord that the tee anger sported in his chest. Steve didn't even stay long enough to see if his words and actions affected Tony, to see if the teenager was okay because it was clear that he wasn't, from the way he seemed upset whenever Steve was caught staring.
'Tasha?"
"You offered-"
"Tony!"
"Nonsense, Dr Banner is far sexier."It's playful, harmless flirting and smirking as he hooked his arm around Bruce's own, dragging the man out from the crowds of entrepreneurs and money hungry business men on the look out for Tony. "I heard, through the gossiping grapevine that is Harvard's research department that
But he's going to step out into the open - for the first time since god knows when, Tony has lost count of how long he's been here - and have cameras shoved into his space, that ever so famous fake smile plastered back on his pretty space and that Stark charm oozing out of him. He's going to have to make a show, probably pushed into a Stark Charity event so that Howard can show everyone that his son isn't dead and then have his ass beaten for
dying in he first place.
in his chest."Bucky grimaces in a way that makes Tony tense all over, that cold familiarity of when he has just arrived home from the hospital, the look of sheer disgust that had been painted on his Mothers face as she barely glanced at the monstrosity that was the arc reactor in his chest.
"It was lovely to meet a friend of Tony's."Maria gives Rhodey a sincere smile before she is being ushered away by Howard, he man giving his son a look that means all too much as he walks away, leaving the two where they stand.
Walking into the kitchen together, Bucky sluggishly hops onto the kitchen counter, rubbing at his eyes grumpily as Steve moves around the kitchen in search for ingredients to make French toast. It wasn't as much of an odd request as you would expect, more times than enough was Steve making different foods at odd times in the morning for his best friends, especially seeing as he was one of the only who could cook.
Don't get him wrong, Tony is having the best time of his life here and he hasn't been this happy to interact with people in years, but as much as it's all good fun, Tony can't help that creeping nerving voice in the back of his head that's telling him that he's overstaying his welcome. Which is ridiculous of course because Steve invited him to come over, and when Tony was about ready to head home, Steve almost
Which isn't exactly a lie because for a solid month whenever he was being extra bratty, Howard had cut off his credit card and he had to work for his money. Luckily enough, as a loyal and regular customer, the campus coffee house has offered him a job until he needed it. As much as Tony hated the idea of working, the perks of getting free coffee and working with incredibly cute - older - guys was totally worth it.
"You don't know anything, I never-"
"You're in Long Island-"
As much as Tony has feared of how uncooperative that James Barnes would be, it was actually quite the opposite, much to his surprise. James was actually more talkative and interactive with Tony than when they were teenagers sitting on the front porch of Steve's house smoking, back then, James was so standoffish and smouldering, acting like the world was against him before the world even had its chance at him. Now, it seemed that James was more of a move on and grow kind of character, which Tony admires deeply.
"That is correct. Doctor Stark and I brought his policy forward when we began working together on this ward. It's brought forward remarkable improvements."Dr Strange comes up behind Tony, bringing more light to the conversation and Tony doesn't need to turn to look to know how close Stephen is standing to him because he can
' and then never seen again.
"Dr Banner!"Tony had swerved his way through the crowds, dodging hands that would come out to grip his shoulders, hoping to grab some of Anthony Starks attention and slither into his wallet and pants. Tony may be young, still getting use to the galas, balls, banquet dinners and blind auctions but he was very knowledgeable when it came to avoiding touch and contact that was unwelcome.
After a couple of minutes of prepping himself to get out of the car, Tony is collecting the bags of food and drink out from the backseat and closing the car door shut with a bump of his hip, the car locking automatically. Reaching Steve's front door, Tony can feel the nervousness and panic start to settle at the bottom of his stomach again, and that reminds him;
forget, Unfortunately.
So all in all, his bedroom has mostly been left untouched, with a bed that Tony has only slept in a handful of times. Tony has never gave himself the opportunity to sleep soundly while at home, despite the bolt lock he has installed on his bedroom door and the locks on his window, he never felt safe.
. in front of his name.
"Do you want my cheeseburger?"Steve asks once he's seated in the seat beside Tony's bed again, he watches as Tony takes off his glasses and scrubs at his eyes tiredly before putting them back on his nose again.
"You have to understand that means it's a working dog, not a pet."
"Home, I guess. Long Island if you wanna know. Then I'll be off to MIT by the New Year."Tony informs, throwing a couple of items of clothing into the open suitcase, most of his clothing being brought forward and back by Jarvis whenever he came up to visit. He's normally be doing this, but now that he's up and about Tony is going to take advantage.
But at the hospital, Tony is working with so many different types of people. He's with doctors, nurses, orderlies, students, cleaners, police officers, paramedics, patients, families, children, spouses, friends, neighbours. His job isn't just to build, designs fit, it's to talk to his patients and to their families, it's to engage them with what he's doing, to reassure and calm and it's so outside of Tony's comfort zone that the itch under his skin, the social anxiety of it all, never really seems to fade away, but only dulls at certain moments and pulses at others.
Tony still done stupid things like he had when he was 17 and newly thrusted into the party scene in tight jeans and a flimsy fabric top, looking to rebel from his father and embarrass his mother. He still done stupid things, in order to feel nothing at all but that numb buzz you get when you fall into the bliss of alcohol or of your favourite drug, but instead it was to spite Obie because Tony never did learn, and he doesn't expect to start now.
Hospital still leave an unnerving feeling in Tony's stomach, and maybe it's because hospitals bring back such memories that Tony often wants to forget, of hurt and pain and loneliness. The last time he had been admitted to hospital had not been a pleasant experience and the time before that, it had been worst. It's been 10 years since Tony had been rushed in after the explosion and Tony still cannot remember the early days of that incident, but he does remember the days, the weeks, the months after.
to make himself look like an approachable person.
"It's my job to remain civil with patients and their families, regardless of history."He recites in monotone, picking up the Stark Tab he had previously slammed onto the wooden counter, unable to look if he has broken its glass, but he can feel the cracks through the touch of his finger tips."And I shall be civil within work related hours, and nothing more than that. If you are to be Barnes' emergency contact, so be it, but I want nothing more to do with you than that."
"I know."Tony smirks, throwing himself down into one of his chairs. The tank top hangs low at his chest, exposing he healing scars and the top of the arc reactor clearly to Rhodey."My mom has brought in a make up artist to fix my face-"
"It's Steve and-"He cuts himself short, heels digging into the grounds surface and causing a Rhodey to crash into the back of him. A sudden rush of realisation seems to kick into Tony's brain, body breaking into a cold sweat and heart a sudden rush of irregular beating and before Rhodey can exclaim his distress of Tony stopping, Tony is already back peddling."I forgot to phone Steve."
"You know exactly what way, Tony."Her tone is firm, anger seeping through into words because Tony had once smiled at Pepper the way he had smiled at everyone he didn't trust, where his smile just couldn't reach to his eyes, where instead they look dull and tired. Tony has once smiled at Pepper like that and he had made a promise to never smile at her like that again.
Tony doesn't shower, but instead, he stands before the bathroom sink, the mirror hinged to the bathroom wall. The reflection that stares back at him looks horrible, a picture of someone who has been dealt the worst hand of cards at the poker game of life, dragged through a hedge backwards, and Tony knows deep down, under all of his self pity and self loath, that he's to blame for his state of mind, his state of self.
"Turn off that phone or snapping it in half, Punk."Bucky grumbles, half of his face buried into one of the Steves pillows, hogging most of the blankets that he has wrapped himself around. It's not even that late - depending on who you asked - but he's tired and as much as he would like to pretend that he's interested on whoever it is that Steve is texting or doing on his phone, he really doesn't give a shit.
"A cheeseburger,"
"Mr. Barnes, I'm Dr. Stark."His smile is tight across his face as he turns his attention back to James on the bed, the bed elevated into a sit. He's changed, his hair remarkably being what has changed the most, military short, and the way that those steeling blue eyes have seemed to shift into a darker territory of consciousness than before, haunted with horrors and disturbed damages. "I'm going to be the one modelling, designing and helping to fit your new prosthetic, I'm sure the nurse has already ran you threw the simple procedure-"
"What the fuck, that was sore."James winces, going to rub at the assaulted area, almost pouting of it wasn't for the fact that James Barnes doesn't pout. Tony smirks, noting his comment onto the file as he speaks up.
"Yes, that narrows it down to a 7 million population."
"That's-"
"I don't suspect that is true."
"I don't know where he lives."Steve frowns, closing his phone with a satisfying snap. Bucky sleepily raises his eyebrow at the blonde."Okay well I know that he lives in Long Island."
"You have to wait in the waiting room, I'm afraid. It's hospital policy."Tony explains halfheartedly, hoping that Steve will get what he is aiming at and just accept what Tony says. It would make Tony's life so much easier if people just took him by his word. Today, however, is not one of those days.
Pepper had stared, at what, she wasn't sure because Tony's workshop was a cluster of Genius waste, of a mess that she would describe, but organisation that Tony would argue.
"Yes, I mainly work with soldiers, Strange."Tony rolls his eyes as he slides a photo sheet closer to him in the desk, eyes trained on the damage that the high pixilated photograph presents for him. There's a wince that escapes through his teeth as his flicker at the wound, staring at the gaping hole in which an arm should be, barely a bone at the shoulder to connect any tissue to even if Tony tried. The prosthetic limbs that Tony usually confronted were nothing as damaging as the one staring back at Tony right now.
. Steve had seen the name on his thick plastic that was wrapped around his wrist, mixed with the mesh of intertwining tubes and leads that stuck out from the back of his hand or from his chest.
"And you better be gone when I get back."
Well as normal as one can be with an Arc Reactor in your chest.
"I won't let that happen, they lay a finger on you and I'll sort them out."Tony declares, whining just a little whenever Sarah slips the blue prints out of his hands to set them on his hospital bedside table.
"Oh yeah, he has to for his job. Plus I don't think Phil would let him become fat."
"Well, If I tell you that I do want to go out on an official date with you, will it knock it back up?"
"I know."Is all Natasha replies with, revving the engine to show her lack of patience and instead of dwelling any further in this miserable cold, Steve is rounding the car and getting into the passenger seat, the car taking off before he can even fiddle with his seat belt.
Jarvis is the man who steps out of the car, in a professional manner but with a tad of sass to everything that he says or does, something that gives Tony that Home vibe
"I'm James Rhodes, ma'am."Rhodey gives her his most polite smile, offering his hand to shake just the way that his Momma had taught him to treat ladies with respect."I'm Tony's roommate at MIT."
"And why would I do that?"Steve scoffs, shaking his head, turning his body away."After making me believe all of the lies that you told me? Coming into my life and making a fool out of me? In front of my friends?"
He'd seen things, much like any other man or woman who has had to experience the horrors of war, and those things; the blood, the gore, the violence, the power that such a person can have just because they're the one that holds the gun or just because they seem to be fighting on the justice side of the war. It's not the criminals that had gotten to Steve, it was the civilians; the women, the children, the ones going about their life and only twisted among the violence because Steve or such put them through it.
"Or Stark Industries will forever be known as producing faulty weapons, and wouldn't that be the worse to hear that our dear men and women overseas see us using bombs that could potentially blow off their own limbs. Oh the lawsuits! The money! The shame!"
Tony doesn't get out often, and no it's not because he doesn't want to or because he doesn't to deal with the many cameras that follow him around - because honestly they have been following Tony Stark around his entire life, and even before he was even born was Maria Stark being stalked down by a bunch of nobodies with cameras - he just didn't have the time. Tony wasn't someone who had a lot of free time just being handed to him, he was a multi-billionaire and sure, he could jet off to any one of his homes that have been spotted across the globe, but he was still a CEO and not to mention now a Superhero.
"Aw shucks, just when I thought you were going to compliment me."Steve rolls his eyes, leaning back into the pillows gently so not to hurt. The painkillers were starting to ware off, the pain in his ribs being too much for Steve to handle.
"I don't think I'll experience that type of life, anyway."Steve shrugs his shoulders, looking away from Tony whenever he hears a crash from inside of the house, followed by Clint stumbling out through the open front door and onto the decking. He's drunk, and anyone would be with the way he has been drinking all night."Fuck."
up. Not in front of Rhodey.
"All of you stop shouting or get out!"Natasha threatens, she slams on the breaks which makes everyone pull forward in their seat, Bruce grabbing the back of Clints jacket before the blonde is thrown through the front wind screen of Peggy. The wind is taking out of everyone, forcefully slumping back into their seats as the car sits on the edge of the road.
and Steve was wrong, and he was just being a
It's not as if he uses his bedroom often enough anyway, it was simply his own type of storage unit to keep his blueprints under his bed and prototypes stashed into boxes. Even when it comes to longer breaks, Tony doesn't spend time at home unless his Mother insists and even at that, it's for a short amount of time that he spends it with Jarvis more than his actual mom.
"There's more,"There's an almost smugness to Bucky's words as he flicks his thumb across the screen and more videos pop up, photos, articles, making headlines, blurred out faces, censored body parts.
prosthetic implant on a human being."His tone is so exciting and it's almost endearing to Tony.
So, in the end, Steve had managed to fight off 2 out of 3 of the teens that were causing ruckus just because but the time he was fighting the 3rd teen off, someone had phoned for an ambulance after taking in the homeless mans appearance after the beating. The flashing lights of blue and white had scared off all three teens, leaning Steve and the homeless man in the parametric's hands.
"When? In between your partying or your manic depressive episodes?"He leans against the counter, arms crossed over his chest and he makes such an action that is seen as negative look for casual as he drawls out his mocking words, not unkindly, and Tony knows that.
He was 15 when he started MIT, the youngest to ever be accepted but by far the brightest student to ever attend. Tony didn't need his Fathers money to pay his way into a successful college, he was intelligent, witty and maybe he was a sarcastic smart ass but hey, that was who Tony was and nothing was going to change that about him.
"Buck, if I stopped talking to someone every time that you didn't like them, my only friend would be
flashing in vivid red LED, sometime in April, it's Spring Break. It's raining outside, Steve can hear the patter of rain hitting his window, the musky scent of damp, feel the droplets dripping onto his bedsheets from Bucky's longing hair.
"I have
Tony had also, within the sector of Stark Insurance, cover a clause of artificial limb replacement and by the age of 26, Tony had created the first titanium metal leg for an Afghanistan solider who had lost it on the field, and by 27, Tony had not only gotten a name for himself other than being a Stark, billionaire, playboy philanthropist but for being intelligent, a
"So you're saying because I'm deaf, I can get a dog to do things for me that I cannot because of my lack of hearing?"He perks up, looking hopeful and a bit mischievous at having a new argument to use.
There's a silence in the room that follows soon after Tony has announced the finished product that is the heart monitor, the only sound that carries throughout the room being the soft chime of a bell at every beat of Tony's heart. There's a proud smile that casts over Tony's face, cheeks full of grease and meat as he looks down at his finished product in proudness that he was able to fiddle around well enough to create a sound that didn't give him a migraine.
He knew his mum was going to flip shit when she spots her son in a hospital bed, nursing a broken nose and bandaged up chest. He was going to ruin the annual Christmas photo that the Rogers and Barnes usual took on Christmas Eve.
"Tony Stark..."The name feel familiar on his tongue but he feels dirty when it passes through his lips, as if he doesn't have the right to say that name anymore, and really, it has been an awful long time since he has said it out loud. Sure, Steve has spent many months, many years thinking of that name, thinking of the face, the body, the way it talked and walked and swaggered, but to actually say the name is something entirely different.
! The cybernetics weren't the problem, it's the nerves. Anyway, I got everything sorted, labs, a team, one that you will be leading of course when I'm not around-"
than his dead father. "It's Tony or nothing."
Being body conscious is something that Tony is overly familiar with and watching the way that James seems to sink into himself, avoid looking at Tony or at his arm, almost trying to ignore his deformity suddenly makes Tony so much more conscious of his own, glowing orb of a deformity, nestled in the middle of his chest.
The wind blows her red hair back onto the seats head rest as they drive down the streets, dressed in a pair of yoga pants and a jacket that she borrowed off of Bucky not that long ago and then never returned. Without any effort, and Steve has to admit that she is beautiful and can see why people say she's the most beautiful in all of their school.
"Good morning Sir, it is currently 7:41 in the morning. It is currently 78 degrees and raining. You have 357 emails awaiting your attention, 32 missed calls and 5 voicemails in your inbox. You have a meeting at S.I with the Board at 2 this afternoon and Ms. Potts is very eager with reminding you of the charity banquet dinner you are scheduled to attend this evening."
Which was weird, because never has anyone begged for Tony to stay longer, with the exception of Momma Rhodes of course. And it just gets weirder whenever Bruce joined him on the sofa and they sat and discussed Tony's new layout of the Arc Reactor he was thinking of upgrading to, or the phone that he made from scratch in his college workshop, or how Bruce has one of the most intelligent, undiscovered minds of the century ( even if that did make Bruce blush to the tips of his ears ).
"That's-"
Tony's jaw is clenched, teeth grinding, jaw cracking as he restrains himself from shouting, from screaming, from crying out all of his emotions into Steve's face. He juts his chin, looks off to the side of the kitchen, vision glassy from unshed tears and body trembling as he stays quiet. Rich but unloved. Famous but no wanted. Genius but a failure. Advantaged but
"I'm not."It comes out sharp and blunt, with an undertone of regret and that unnerving sound of fear beneath the surface."I'll text you in 10 minutes."
"Okay, good."Tony rocks back onto he heels, suddenly finding himself incredibly uncomfortable  as he stands on the skirts of the living room, looking in on the comfortable looking group of friends, a silence fallen between them that isn't awkward or weird.
"That's- That's pretty far."Steve observes, taking a sip from his tea. He doesn't know why he suddenly feels a little upset, maybe it's because he hoped that Tony lived a little closer than that or at least when to a high school nearby.
."Tony says it firmer this time, each word punctuated, harsh, hard."For 10 years you never answered my phone calls, or postcards or even send me a fucking birthday card. For 10 years you
For the last several years, Steve has occupied himself with countless number of hobbies, none of which quite satisfying his thirst away from extreme boredom than drawing. It wasn't until Bruce pointed out to him that mindless sketches of landscapes and people weren't going to pay the bills, that he actually considered drawing for comics. It was refreshing, as such, because it gave him a purpose again, a routine, something that he had to do in order to get paid, something he didn't need to leave his apartment for either.
"Just looking out for a friend."and despite the smile that graces Steve's beautiful face, Tony can't help but he let his flatters just slightly.
"Tony, are you okay? Are you hurt?"The urgency is still there but the breathlessness has faded, giving Tony the impression that Steve had been running to answer this phone call.
. He promised
But Tony hates the thought of it because not only is he losing his best friend, but he's losing him to unknown territory that Tony is yet to become familiar with yet. Tony doesn't like the unknown, he doesn't like not knowing. It's much the same feeling that he has with Steve right now, or not knowing how he is, or what he's up to, or not being able to send him a quick message before bed or have him on speaker phone when he fiddles in the workshop. He doesn't
"Steve."Is all that Tony is able to say, no
"I'm feeling for some Chinese food."
"I know,"His voice is soft, softer than it's been in weeks, in months, because he's had no one to speak softly to, he's had no one to whisper reassurances or murmur praises and encouragements, or to be gentle around a subject because he no longer wants to be gentle. But this is his mom, someone who spent years being gentle around him, picking him up when he fell, looking after him when he was ill, working hard to pay off medical bills, buy him Christmas gifts, take him out for breakfasts.
So Tony nods his head, his shoulders slump, his guard goes down. And maybe it's the alcohol that still lingers in his system, or the day that he's had, or just how good that Tiberius Stone smells, but he relaxes. And he'll make a good evening out of his awful Day.
Tony truly wasn't listening when Barnes spoke those words, his eyes too focused on the vacant uncomfortable, fragile blue chair that a man Tony hadn't thought about in a long time sat, rigid and tense when tony had first ripped open the curtains of the cubical, stumbled to get up and get his attention as Tony had tensed, visibly shook and avoided eye contact. It was terrible how such a person, who Tony had once swooned over, could make Tony's entire body shake.
"You brought that on yourself."
"Tell me again why I'm always the one to talk to our patients?"Tony grumbles as he catches sight of himself in a passing glass, stopping only momentarily on their way to the ER department to fix up his appearance so that he can look slightly more presentable than how he feels. Usually, if Tony is prepared and knows that he's going to make a visit to the Hospital, he follows the uniform code for out of hours doctors, smart but practical and sanitary, especially when he's sometimes working so close with patients in order to get measurements and the right feel for prosthetics.
Steves neighbourhood is on the line between where the sun doesn't touch the ground and one that uses diamonds at cupcake toppings. It was one he has grew up in, the game house on the same street in the same bedroom with the same neighbours, one where everyone knew everyones business and the kids will grow up with one another until adult hood because no one ever seems to move. It's an atmosphere that Steve has witnessed lacks in other neighbours across the US. It's what Steve likes about his neighbour hood.
"First you want me in the dorm, now you want me out of it. Are you ever happy?"
"And how do you plan on doing that?"Tony asks almost quietly, watching as Steve smiles at him through the camera.
much.
"It's my job, Tony."She shakes her head, following his lingering eye to the tray of food and medication that's sits on his table. It was an endless battle when it came to food, but medication came simpler than what people thought. Turns out, Tony doesn't want to die yet, but he doesn't mind suffering."You're only 16, you don't have the trouble of a job, just yet that is."
"No, not at all."Tony shakes his head, taking another gulp of coffee."Only child."
"Steve, he's
"Tomorrow."
"That's what I know, Steve."And it's teasing, Tony can feel the smile on his lips as he holds his phone to his ear like some kind of idiot."But then again, maybe that is all that I think seeing as you haven't worked up the courage to ask me out on a date yet."
. Not great but y'know, not awful either. I recommend this therapist, amazing woman, she is. Tell him he has to go to her twice a week and if I hear that he's skipped a meeting, he'll feel her wrath and trust me, he doesn't want that."Tony is scribbling the name and number one scrap piece of paper he found in his pocket, handing it over to Steve with a sympathetic smile.
At least Steve can say it wasn't that
And he still is stupid, and he still is hurt, but he persevered, got over himself. Which he hadn't, not really, because Tony might be intelligent and gifted and unbelievably egotistic with that exact knowledge that he is, but he was also naive, delicate in the sort of way that something unbelievably stupid could resort an incredible emotion out of him, bring him back to a moment in his past that he numbed with alcohol; a smell, a sight, a touch, an action, a
. It's when he manages to sleep best, when he's wrapped up in the warmth of another, a heartbeat in his ears, the soothing sounds of someone breathing near by, the protectiveness he feels of having a body wrapped around his own.
"This attitude better change by the time that your father comes home, Anthony. He's already in a horrible mood with you due to this whole incident, you'll just make it worse for yourself if you keep this up."Maria speaks after her son, watching as Tony continues to walk up the stairs."There's a tailored suit for you hanging on your door for this evening, do try it on."
"So are you going to tell me?"
“Not the way Tony is.”Natasha is skilful as she takes the wires out of Steve’s hands and rearranges them in her own, plugging them correctly into the back of the television.”He’s not just charming, he’s
blowing up half of New York."
me to fix this."Obie flips the godawful phone around in his hands, almost teasing him.
Tony's home, because for once in his life he can honourably say that he has a home, is one of privacy and solitude to the extent that the number of people who have access to his home is counted on one hand, and those with its known location on his other. It's the remains of what was a warehouse, abandoned when it's company had went bankrupt and one that Tony bought off the bank for little more than his budget. It became his project and a project that he has been immensely proud of ever since being handed the keys.
"He's in ER, waiting for you."
"Nothing special."Bucky shrugs, handing the phone back to Steve remaining with his cheeks tinted a cute shade of pink.
Luckily enough, the burnt, rubbery flesh of his skin isn't as bad as Tony thought. Maria had managed to convince Howard to pay Tony's way further up the skin graft list which was a start, seeing as Tony didn't have to live with the rubbery flesh forever. There was harsh brushing scattering Tony's back and neck from the impact of the explosion sending him into the Liquor cabinet and numerous little cuts and bruises on his face.
There's a voice pulling him further and further out his slumber, it was unfamiliar, annoying and way too sickly sweet for Tony's liking. The female - because Tony has deemed the voice a little too high and a lot softer than a males - seems to be taking to Tony as if he was a child who could not understand the simple meaning of no, as if he had lost all sense of mind and had no idea who he was or where he was.
"There's no need to assume when we
is silent but there as he looks at Steve wide eyed and confused because what is there to be jealous of? Not in the sense that Tony isn't attractive because he damn well knows that he is, but James isn't too bad looking either, and dare Tony say it even
"2 dollars, 4 if you're going to get me one."
And Tony had knew this,
The bedroom door closes behind him and suddenly, Tony's back is pressed flat against the wooden door, hands braced on the smooth wood, his heart hammer in his chest, feeling it in his chest, his throat, hearing it in his ears as it starts to
The covers are kicked off in a sort of childish rage, falling off the bed and onto the floor as Tony removes himself from the bed, to make a start to this rather early, empty day that he's rather brought along himself and therefore remains with no one to blame. JARVIS has gone quiet, which is never really a good thing because just like Tony, quietness is not something taken lightly and quietness never really equals anything good either. Which, again, is somewhat Tony's fault as he makes his way to the kitchen, eager for some coffee and maybe a pastry if he's remembered to phone for them the day before.
"Who said anything about loving you, ha! Put your shirt on, I'm going to sort out when we can schedule our next appointment, I'll be back in a minute."Tony waits until he receives a nod of understanding before he leaves the room, making his way back to the nurses station where Strange just so happens to have returned too also, handing over his tablet for a nurse to read the details off of quickly before taking it back, giving it a thorough once over himself.
"I'm fine, just...tired."He lies, not looking at Sarah as he quickly takes his pain and heart medication without any hassle."I'm going to go to sleep now, thank you Sarah."
"And where did you get a screwdriver from?"She raises her eyebrow in amusement, walking further into the room with a tray of food and Tony's pain relief and heart medication. Tony is by far the most taboo paicent that Sarah has ever came across in her years of being a nurse, he seemed unfazed with the arc reactor that was built into his chest, acting like a big carpet trapped in a trap.
"Stay optimistic, Ms Potts, or I may have to fire you."Tony waggles his finger in that way he has seen Obie use towards him, all condescending and dripping with superiority. But Tony is using it teasingly because he would never fire Pepper and truth be told, Tony doesn't even know where to start when it comes to firing people, he usually gives that job to Pepper and wouldn't that be awkward for Pepper to have to fire herself. "I think I ought to fire you for not bringing that cheeseburger, however, I've been starved in a cave, Pepper!"
"Will I always need this?"Tony asks, trying his best not to stare at the glowing blue under the thickness of the bandages. Yinsen graciously showed Tony the designs of the arc reactor and Tony has to admit that it was pretty impressive and didn't look as shabby as Tony had thought it would. It would be visible under most of his clothing and unfortunately enough, there would be scaring around the arc reactor.
. And Tony likes it, and that's okay too because he's not attached, not to Strange, not to anyone and so it's okay. Tony can speak, Tony can smile, Tony can laugh, Tony can flirt and he sure as hell can accept this request, this
"But I wanted to,"Steve smiles, looking over at Tony who stares in shock. Nobody has willingly bought Tony something in ages - other than Jarvis at his birthday, and Rhodey when it comes to pizza -, nevermind someone like Steve who is practically a stranger to Tony. He feels all warm.
There's a trail of wires coming out from the back of his left hand, leading to the heart monitor and a fluids sack, as his eyes trail further up to his body he notices the white fabric bandages tightly wrapped around his biceps, his shoulders and chest, making him unable to see the da mange done to his skin, but he already fears the worse.
Tony startles as he feels a hand upon his clothed shoulder, his head whipping round to catch a glance at the intruder who was looking over his shoulder in the most friendly way possible. It's Sarah, with kind eyes as she mouths for Tony to turn down the music that really, is way too loud for human ears but at a Tony Stark level of loudness.
"I think a celebration cheeseburger is in order, Sir."
The Stark Christmas ball was a grand advent that has been held since Tony can remember, it was all marvellous ball growns that probably cost half a fortune, Tuxedos that make the men look ravishingly handsome and foods imported from all around the world just to fit guests requests. It was an advent that everyone who was
. He's something that you crave yet you shouldn't have because it'll rot you, create a monster out of you, destroy your life little by little until it's taken away from you and you're left in the decay. But intoxication always feels good when you're riding on that high, of the scent of his expensive cologne or freshly pressed coffee, of the roughness of his finger tips in comparison to the softness of his lips, of the way his eyes lift when he smiles, crinkles with his grin, laughs when he laughs.
Not now, not ever.
"I've made up my mind."
"I was stressed, your father took me on a holiday to calm my nerves after the mess you made of our home. 2 weeks it took to fix your mess, your father has to fly in the best of men-"
Of course, Tony doesn't attend and he didn't want to either. He found them boring, with overly snobbish beings with rods so far up their asses that they would need to be surgically removed, with overly propaganda type food that Tony couldn't even pronounce and of course, he'd have to be licking up Howard's ass for the entire night so not to look like a disrespectful, I'll-mannered son.
Because Bruce was not only smart, he was intelligent, a sort of intelligence that Tony has ever only been able to glimmer at during those deep, workshop dives where the sleeping part of his brain stirs just a little to allow Tony to finish a project, an invention, an equation, to remember where Tony had left his mug of coffee. Bruce was beyond
"Wait!"Steve remembers loudly, making Tony jump and for Steves hand to slip from his own, a frown appearing on Tony's face but wiping away quickly whenever he realises what he's doing. It goes unnoticed by Steve who is making quick work to gently take his backpack off his back and unzip it."I brought you a cheeseburger."
"Steve will have a shit fit."
Steve clutches the phone tight to his chest, away from prying eyes and fumble hands that want to see who it is that Steve has been messaging. They're a close knit bunch of friends, one that knew every dirty little secret and story about one another and seemingly at one point, seen each other naked at
"What makes you think I designed it myself?"
This is a time skip chapter, it’s transitioning a period of 10 years of Tony’s life from the moment he leaves M.I.T. until he remeets Steve on the edge of becoming thirty. I really fell in love writing this chapter, I’m so excited of what yet is to come and I hope you enjoy it too.
And Obie is never a pretty face to see in the morning, nor is he a pretty presence to have in his apartment, his building, his
, but that's just a part of who I am, and so fucking what if I am, huh? How is that going to stop me from having a dog? Blind people can have dogs and they can't even see them! Wait- is Phil trying to say that blind people are more responsible to look after dogs than me? Is he discriminating against me? Steve, is Phil discriminating against me because I'm deaf?!"
"And please tell me that we aren't going to be playing some noob game, tonight. If I come for a video game night, I expect angry yelling and consoles thrown out of the window."Tony is quickly changing the subject, opening the bag of crisps and leaning against the counter as Steve overcomes his blush and silence.
"I called you a
"N-no, that's fine."
There's hesitation, followed by a movement of the lips that almost has Tony leaning on the tips of his toes in anticipation for the answer he knows to be true, or one he knows to be false. It's all down in the notes, written by Doctors and physiologists that have had the joy or working closely with Barnes shortly after the surgery but had never heard of him again after that shirt prescribed time. And strangely enough, Tony doesn't see anything of the sort concerning a psychologist either.
Bucky's phone is yet again shoved into Steve's hands, forcing him to read the articles and websites about the Starks, most notably Tony Stark who seems to have pages dedicated to him. Anthony Edward Stark. Date of Birth: May 29th. Parents: Howard Stark and Maria Stark (
"Am I wrong?"
"Not a lot, I guess."Steve shrugs, fiddling with his hands."There's Bucky, Clint, Bruce, Thor, Natasha and Phil. I'll introduce you to them all whenever they arrive. Phil and Clint are dating-"
It's still there, it's still working, it's still glowing, it's still a thing, it's still a problem, it's still a
Taking a glance at the tray, Tony is quick to ignoring what he has to do and gathers his phone back into his hands.
It's not healthy, of course, and even with his extra deformity, Tony is going to change his angle with some healthy eating and meditation, he's very fine with his heavy lifting and daily intake of caffeine thank you very much. He's gets lost in his work, school work and his own little side projects and builds that he does on the side like mixing up motor cycles or fiddling with new ideas, and it's during one of these binges that he gets a visitor.
"What's your purpose here because I'm sure it's not to throw around the disability card and raid my fridge."Steve asks tiredly, watching as Clint makes a happy sound in the back of his throat, catching sight of the time on the wall before giddily grabbing the bottle of beer and opening it.
"Tell Strange I'll be there in half an hour and that he better have brought me breakfast."
But he doesn't have his way, and despite the fact that he is Howard Starks right hand man, he lays no trust with him. Tony may be well kept out of his fathers business and the company that he is soon to inherit, but he knows that Howard doesn't trust easily and Jarvis is always too keen to warn Tony to keep one eye on Obie at all times, even from a young age.
, so open.
The conversation is dropped rather quickly when Bucky fails to find something to add up on, turning away in his seat to watch as an argument unfolds somewhere at the front of the class, leaving Steve to his own brooding thoughts that wrack his mind. Somewhere, deep down under all of the arrogance and pride and self-respect, there's a little bit of guilt floating about in Bucky's system every time he glances at Steve, watches as he frowns, analyses the lines on his face, the way his body is hunched when it's not rigid for a fight.
"Okay, you're right. I don't know you and I'd like to change that."Steve admits as he finally makes his way outside, taking a seat on what is left of the brick wall in Natasha's front garden. Steve can still remember the incident in which caused the broken wall, of how Clint had dared Thor to juggle Natasha's fathers prized bowling balls in which it ended with a broken front wall after dropping them all.
"Jealous?"The
"None of us are normal."Thor speaks up, licking off the hot chocolate-stache he accidentally gave himself.
"Clint says that he's up for video game night this week as long as we play COD."Bucky announces, typing away at his own mobile phone that he had stashed in the waist band of his pyjama bottoms, his half eaten apple remaining in his other hand."But it's Bruce's turn to pick this week so we'll probably end up playing fucking Minecraft."
And he smells so good, like the cologne he use to wear all those years back when he prowled the campus after a fresh-out-of-the-womb baby face Tony, in all his 6 foot tall handsomeness. There's just something about that smell, the smell of rich expensive aftershave, that brings you back to all the good moments and disregard all the bad because when Tony thinks about it, not all his moments with Tiberius were so sour, and they were far better than what he had with Obie.
"Look, invite that new friend of yours, Stephen or something."
"I know,"Sarah echoes just as softly, her words confirming that she knows what is going on in her sons mind, of all of his conflicting but knucklehead filled thoughts, of where his morals and loyalty stands."Just, please-"
Yesterday had been a great day, for Steve standards anyway. It was different when he was hanging out with Tony, Tony is so easy to talk to despite the fact that he's a riddle wrapped inside a puzzle locked inside a safe. Steve had left nearing 8, the two of them watching some British television show called Downtown Abbey and bantering back and forth. It was enjoyable, sweet and Steve has found himself waiting for Tony's message all damn day.
"Then we have nothing further to discuss. Have a good morning, Mr. Barnes."The doctor nods his head at the man on the bed, the StarkTab immediately shutting off once he has taken his glance away from the transparent screen, turning to leave.
"You've changed."And Tony isn't sure if that's a comment or a compliment but he smiled slightly nevertheless because he never hears that he has changed, only that he ever stays the same and Tony would like to believe that he has changed, in some ways better than others and sometimes for the worst.
The next time Tony is conscious, he's in an air carrier, hooked up to all sorts of beeping machines, a trail of wires coming from his body, his mouth dry and feeling like it's stuffed with cotton wool. It's such a familiar moment, of waking up from a deep unconsciousness, of a beeping heart monitor and aching from head to toe. It's so familiar and Tony feels like he's reliving the explosion all over again but somehow, this feels so much worse.
a lot bigger than his face smacked on the front page of some tabloid.
He wasn't dead and it was a rather horrible solution for Tony to conjure in the first place, a mirage to make his heartache feel a lot less real and a lot more accidental, as if Tony didn't take part in the blame. He wasn't dead and Tony kids himself into thinking he had thought that because he hadn't, despite the amount of times he surely wished for it to be true in order to feel a lot less human, because as paranoid as Tony is, he is always keeping tabs on the people of his past and Steve was one of them.
And Steve
"Must've owed God a few favours, I guess."He cracks a smile, going to dip his sunglasses  to flash her a wink but forgetting about one of his faithful new injuries that Tony can surely add to the growing list of '
He'd had tutors come in at the young age to teach a young Tony things that he had already picked up from text books himself, and it wasn't until he was 8 that he was sent off to boarding school. His summer breaks spent with Traveling with his Aunt Peggy, and Winter with whoever was free enough to take the responsibility of Tony Stark.
"You and I will be going out for a date."
"Then don't fix it."Tony is quick because Obie's prices are never cheap, nor do they do good for Tony.
"What's
. His finger tips brush it's sharp metal rim, finding it in himself that he still recoils at his own touch of the foreign piece on top of him, inside of him. It's not his fault that he cringes still, or that he flinched and recoils, that everyone on planet earth knows that Tony Stark has no limits but one; that you can't touch the Arc Reactor.
"No, don't
"You talked about me? To your friends?"Tony says quietly, playing with the draw strings of his hoodie as he avoids looking at Steve, for some reading feeling embarrassed about the whole situation.
Tony. Sure, he doesn't know all of the big things in his life like his family or his actual home life, other than the fact that he lives in Long Island, but he knows all of the little things about Tony, all of the things that everyone else seems unimportant but is important to Steve.
"Tones."Rhodey grins whenever he spots Tony dashing down the grand steps, skipping two at a time and dressed in a tank top and dirty jeans, obvious that he was working on something in his room before the old man arrived. His hair is a mess of curls, forming a nest on top of his head and something that's only familiar when the younger man is just out of the shower or woken up.
Rebecca was somewhere in the house, her bedroom most likely testing out the new make up set that she had managed to plead for, Rose had been out down for a late nap to be awoken in time for desert and Mrs Barnes was doing the annual family phone calls for the entire family, caught between a conversation with a distant aunt on how much the kids have grown. Steve likes this atmosphere, it was family, one he was involved with even for just a short time.
Jarvis after all.
"Should you be smoking with that?"
"I suggest you shutting up. Please."Tony tacts on at the last minute when he realises that Rhodey is his only hope of getting him from the doorframe to the glorious bed."Plus, I'm really not up for you seeing my dick. Not today."
and he didn't even
"You still winked at her."Tony points out, lifting his fork and taking a corner of the pie that Peggy had originally bought to start off with. Cherry. And Tony gloats for the roaring blush on her cheeks as she remembers the waitress, as she remembers Tony as he was when he was somewhere between 3 and 5, up on on knees on the booths seats with a fork in his hand and eating her pie. Just like he was now. And she'll remember that.
"Scram, twerp."Bucky beckons with his head, his expression stone cold as he watches his little sister rise to her feet and stick out her tongue at him with sound of 'neh' with the vowel dragged out. Bucky mocks his littler sister all the way until she finally leaves the room with a huff, her head held high and determined to steal a cookie.
"I'll come back, I promise. Just, just not right now."Tony sighs, a heavy dread in his chest, in his voice, the voice in his head included. He can't look Steve in the eye because he knows by the time he goes back to MIT, the life he leaves behind for the holidays is going to come back at full force; the drugs, the parties, the men, the sex, the alcohol.
"Doesn't that saying only work for women?"Tony rhetorically asks, fully expecting the glare that Steve gives him."Or so I hear?"
"I don't know."
He also doesn't want them to find out just yet due to the fact that means they'd want to meet Tony, want to know every little expect of his life that Steve knows, where he's from, what school he goes to and all the works. Steve himself doesn't even know all of that, and in a way, he doesn't want to know just yet. Tony doesn't seem like the kind of person for sharing personal details of his life and that suits Steve just fine, because hey, neither is he.
"Tony, of course I have your best interests at heart."And Tony would almost believe him if it wasn't for the access information of his background, with the way that his head is titled almost sympathetically or his brow creases in concern, an action that Tony use to take to heart.
"This is damaging hospital property-"
Of the Tony who speaks animatedly about his Robots, or nuzzles coffee as if it's his life source, or scoffs cheeseburgers in the least attractive manner possible but Steve doesn't care because he still thinks Tony looks ridiculously handsome. Of Tony who sleeps curled at his back, who submits to soft kisses to his lips, his cheeks, blushed at forehead kisses or when fingers are ran through his hair, who kissed him below his chin before he left, where it lingered for days and weeks.
at Tony. He watches as Tony peels away the wrapper before making a happy found, taking a bite of the Cheeseburger with a delightful moan that really fûcking shouldn't make Steve squirm and look away.
"Changing it? To what?"Steve asks curiously because he had no idea you were able to change the sound that came off of a heart monitor, actually, he's pretty sure you're
to death and so has Tony.
, that’s it.
, he's mean to help and that's what Tony needs to hear right now."You look like death warmed over."
"Technically, I'm not even supposed to be out of my house. So who knows what I'm
Getting out of the car, Steve thanks Natasha for picking him up and dropping him off, Natasha driving away with a beep of her horn. Steve finally turns to walk up the drive whenever Natasha safely leaves the street, fishing his keys out of his pocket and stepping into the house. The house is freezing, Steve giving a tight shiver as he enters and locks the door behind him, kicking off his trainers.
. And you're the one buying him cheeseburgers!"Bucky laughs, hysteric and loud, shaking his head, neck arched back with the laugh."Jesus Christ, I knew there was something up with him but this, this is fucking gold. The kid is a train wreck, a fucking rich train wreck, so doesn't seem to be able to keep it in his pants from what I'm seeing."He snorts.
"Jesus, Rhodey!"Tony pushes away from the counter and Rhodey sees it coming, moving out of the way, watching as Tony starts his pacing around the apartment, his hands smoothing roughly over his face, his chin, pulling down his cheeks as he groans."Why didn't you tell me sooner?"
to."Steve corrects, a drawl in his voice as he speaks."And anyway, I'm fine. It's not life threatening and it's not as if I'm house bounded."Steve gives his mom a look, watching how her shoulders sag with a loud sigh as he looks longingly at her son, almost as if she's trying to calculate what is going on in his head, reading his mind.
"How about I push you in front of a moving bus and you can test that theory yourself, honey."Tony suggests, throwing a famous Tony Stark smile over his shoulder at the blonde, walking further away from the Blonde.
me to give you this chance, to redeem yourself, as a new young man, but yet again you have proved to me that you are nothing but an immature boy who is just
Because when he's talking to Steve, soft soft Steve, he's looking up with fondness and adoration and affection and curiosity, with his heart swelling in his chest and a smile on his face. But with Ty, it's so false, so fake, so forced that his neck aches and his shoulders quake and his smile flatters on every word and every second.
was one way to describe the day that Tony was having, one that has magnificently began at a high but came crashing down just moments later when his eyes landed on a figure that he wished to never see again, and hoped to never do. He must reveal something in the way he looms at Pepper, maybe a lip moment or a cheek twitch, but her anger seems to wash away and instead, it's replaced with a frown. It's her evening off and she looks so beautiful, Tony just wishes she would stop looking so sad.
"Because you called my face pretty for the wrong reasons, Doctor."And he's off to the ER department, located down the hallway, opposite direction of where Doctor Strange had been heading, but he's sure that they'll meet up one time or another before Tony leaves.
"Oh really? What's his favourite colour? His shoe size? Does he have siblings? A dog? What do you call his parents? Does he love his mother?"Bucky is listening off peevishly, listening each question off with his fingers as he follows Steve like an annoying younger sibling, even though it's usually the other way round.
"Ohmygod, is this Tony! Tony, Tony Tony."Clint gasps whenever he's found himself draped over Steve's shoulder, staring at the Brown eyed teenager through the screen, patting at Steve's face."He's so pretty, Steve! So so so so pretty."Clint sings.
"It's fine, it's fine. I, uh, have a part time job on campus."Tony lies whenever Steve continues to give him that 'You shouldn't spend money on wasted food' type of look that makes Tony regret bringing food now."It's at this coffee shop, it's nice, I guess. My co-workers are cute which helps all the same."
"As in Clint Barton? The guy who ate 5 family sized packets of chips in one sitting? He works out?"
"Bucky texted. Get in the car, Steve."He tenses at her tone, looking down the street as if he's going to see Bucky sprinting down the pavement, the sleeve of his leather jacket, of where an arm use to be, flapping behind him in the wind. He almost wishes he had been because Steve would rather sit in stony silence with Bucky over having to talk with Natasha.
"I hadn't asked anything yet."
"And why would I want to come out with
"Hey,"Tony turns on the heel of his foot, pointing his index finger at Rhodey accusingly.
He'd fallen, surely, because there's a throbbing pain at the side of his head and a creek in his neck that wasn't because he slept on the cracked tile flooring of a strangers bathroom, blanketed with empty bottles and half rolled spliffs. It's December and Tony only knows this because there's a Christmas tree reflected in the bathroom mirror when he pulls himself up, his reflection daunting and tired, a bruise on his neck, the Arc Reactor glowing vividly under his light t-shirt.
The laptop is open and Steve stares at its screen for a long time, watching as the pictures of his desktop fade in and out of photos from long ago and those that are most recent too. Steve had searched that name once, long ago, and his fingers dance that same rhythm across the keyboard and he hits search-
to sleep."
Now, as a teenager and haven enrolled into a prestigious university of his choice at only 15, his sleeping pattern was even more messed up than usual. Tony could go ahead and blame it on his professors, but then again he didn't turn up to half of the lectures that he was signed up for and just turned in a piece of coursework and revived the best grade possible. He could go ahead and blame it on the frat boys that keep inviting him to parties every night of the week, but there again, Tony was never one to back down on an invitation.
There's not much that Tony can remember, but there's also not much that Tony can forget. He can remember how hot it was inside the cave, that sort of mix of heat and humidity that once you start sweating, it seems to immediately evaporate. Sometimes, the heat became unbearable, unable to sit, unable to move, unable to talk or walk or sleep. The heat made you sweaty, sticky, smelly it made you mourn the cold, the feel of rain on your skin or snow on your tongue.
"Phil is not gonna let you have a dog, even if it is a guide dog, Clint."The blonde deadpans, watching how Clint visibly deflates in sadness and it's sometimes rather hard to believe that Clints line of work orders for him to be cold hearted and emotionless when the man is the actual definition hormonal mood swings and chaos.
."Bucky glares, icy cold blue eyes narrowed at Steve because for god sake. Sleep is important to Bucky, and if he doesn't get at least 8 hours of sleep he'll snap someone's neck."If you're that fucking worried, go to his house and check on him."
looking. And yeah okay, apart from scrape ups, a couple of scars and the arc reactor built into his chest, Tony has a pretty good body of muscles himself.
Because really, Tony has never really had to work with others before, not until he came to work in the hospital, because Tony has always been someone who has been isolated to the comforts of a workshop or lab or a locked bedroom to work on his experiments and projects and little tidy-ups of things that aren't quite up to his standards. Meetings don't count and neither do Galas and outings because the only thing he's working on then is to be socially polite, and even that is a struggle.
By the third attempt video call, Tony is pressing accept with his thumb covering over the front camera lens as a friendly, familiar face is popping up on the screen of his Stark Phone. It's a face that makes Tony self-conscious start to smile because it's been a while since he's seen this face and he's only realising now just how much that he's missed it.
"Don't give me that 'I'm fine' bullshit, Tones. Did that man do anything to you? Because I swear, if that son of a bitch laid a hand on you, I'll rip it fucking off."Rhodey promises, a look in his eyes that shows that he means business by what he says. Shakily, Tony gives his best friend a smile, sagging into his chest for a much wanted hug because he always feels protected when he's with Rhodey,
Tony flinches whenever his phone starts to ring, an unknown caller trying to Video call him which makes Tony's face frown. As much as he is a flirt, Tony is always careful of who he gives his phone number to and surprisingly, only a few people actually have his phone number which Tony is okay with because he'd rather have a few than everybody.
"Something about Natasha's piece of shit car and paying for damages."
"What's got you so anxious?"
"For the mean time, yes."He pauses,"But in the future, when technology and science is more advanced, there could be a possible way of removing the pieces of shrapnel from your chest without doing you further harm. There is always hope."So in the end, Tony believes that is that, and he will stuck with the godawful thing in this chest until his dying day.
when somebody had no idea of his wealthy whatsoever, despite the length of time knowing him.
"This is different."
problems. And he definitely doesn't want to deal with Obie, not today, not ever and especially not when hungover.
"For the little guy, I know."She cuts him off, always hearing the same excuse over and over again. She sighs, stepping back and examining the damage that has happened to Steve. His wounds were freshly stitched with paper stitches which would dissolve soon enough, ribs bruised and two cracked and nose broken with a mould over the bridge to keep it in place."But you can't keep doing this Steve, one day you're going to get hurt, badly, and stitches and bandages won't be able to fix it."
Tony had figured out his sexuality at a young age, something he kept a secret of until he had entered MIT and was finally able to embrace being Pansexual, mingling with woman, sitting on Mens laps and flirting with everyone in between. Tony didn't care - he
There's a painful, dull feeling of dread that settles within him once he's out the door and in the drivers seat of the car, sunglasses resting on the bridge of his nose, a Large coffee in the cup holder and probably still dangerously over the limit as he drives the long distance, revving his engine on long stretches of deserted road. Spring Break Weekend has been a blur, a smudge in his memory and Tony hopes he hasn't preformed any degrading acts, more recently that is.
"That my sperm donor is Howard Stark, that I'm the next heir to Stark Industries, that I'm a genius all that type of stuff. And I don't want him to know either. He treats me like a human, that I'm the same, well not the same because of this arc reactor but y'know, as a teenager."
Steve has always had a love for cooking, as a child he had spent a lot of his time with his Grandmother who often taught him in the ins and outs of cooking, and later as he spent time on his own, he cooked his own food when his mom was working late. He even cooked her food as well, ready in the microwave to be heated up.
And is it an act? Tony sometimes finds himself asking, especially now as he lies on his single breasted bed, pushed into the corner of a dorm bedroom that he hardly finds himself occupying. The covers are pooled at his waist, scenting of freshly washed laundry that he's sure Rhodey's mom did for him the last time she came up for Parents Weekend, naked under the sheet with the curtains drawn and the Arc Reactors light glowing the room.
So he fought his way out of the caves.
"Tony Stark..."The name feel familiar on his tongue but he feels dirty when it passes through his lips, as if he doesn't have the right to say that name anymore, and really, it has been an awful long time since he has said it out loud. Sure, Steve has spent many months, many years thinking of that name, thinking of the face, the body, the way it talked and walked and swaggered, but to actually say the name is something entirely different.
"Oh yes, it was just a couple of minimal things, procedure."Tony waves Steve off as he goes back to leaning over the counter to type stuff out on his StarkTab, almost wanting to curl into himself and disappear as Steve stands beside him, eyes boring into him as he stands and waits for Tony to tell him more. "Oh, um, James will be right out. I'm thinking of bringing Mr Barnes back in 2 weeks time? It gives him time to check out his physiotherapist and look at all the legal stuff too."
"Will you actually can it?"
to dramatise the profile. It was completed with virtual tags that when pressed held all of Tony's notes, incoherent to everyone that wasn't Tony Stark.
And it's not creepy, because Tony has spent many a night convincing himself that it's nothing more than being concerned and aware because god knows that Tony is paranoid enough in this disastrous setting of a world to be paranoid about where people are and who people are with. It's not creepy, it's being knowledgeable, Tony would tell Rhodey who would look at him in underlining concern when tony would pull up stat sheets and files about an ex boyfriend, or when Pepper would question his remarkable knowledge on a Japanese pro-atomic testing company that had bought Stark Industry shares back in 2009 and was now inching their way up the market ladder.
And he sees it before he hears it, a face, a face that's so regularly on television screens and news broadcasts that Tony shouldn't even have hesitated, or stopped, or stared. But it's the face that flickers next to it, in a stand alone photo where she looks so young, so beautiful, so magnificently pretty, and witty and bright. And Tony knows it's bad because it's never really good, and when it's not bad, it's worse, it's terrible, disastrous, destroying, life shaping news that can make one collapse in on himself like a sand glass, pouring away into a tiny hole, a grain at a time.
A change of scenery is always heavily welcomed by Tony, especially when one can barely admire the one he lives in, the windows being non existent from his place in his workshop and the city of lights never being more than a blur for him to witness when he is amongst the beautiful sights that is New York City. His love for New York has been nullified over the years, but despite this, it's still a love.
"It seems that you're getting back to good health."Tony can identify that this man isn't American, his voice is laced with an accent that is still thick on certain letters but has probably lived a long enough life in the states. He's a balding man, with rectangular silver glasses perched on the bridge of his long nose.
"I know that, just- you need to wear a damn bell."Tony sighs, a smile on his face to assure Steve that he actually isn't mad. Steve seems to visually deflate at the smile, a sort of fuzziness in his own chest because the smile that Tony is giving him looks and seems so
He lets it ring off with the possibility that it could be a drunken Ty Stone attempting to video call him, something that he has a habit of doing at this time of night. Tony wouldn't say that Tiberius Stone is the worse of people in the world -  Because Howard and Obi probably make the top of his list - but he isn't the best, and he defiantly isn't one of Tony Starks favourites.
"Honey bear, I love you and all but you can't cook."Tony is yanking the chinese takeaway menu off of the fridge and flicking it open, eyes scanning the pages and knowing exactly that he's not going to bake to decide on two options and order half of the menu which means Chinese left overs for the next week.
stayed...
"You use to bring me here because you had a crush on the waitress."He scoffs, motioning his head towards the diners counter, where it's paint is chipped and metal has been scratched, unchanged for years."And also because she use to give us free pie every time you winked at her and called her a
"It doesn't matter, I'll take whatever."Steve reassures, setting the two foam cups onto the table at the end of Tony's hospital bed. It was able to roll on wheels, to be moved to rest over Tony's bed. Steve is pulling our sugar sachets and milk pods out of the pockets of his hoodie, setting them on the table as he moves the table so it was over Tony's bed but in a way that didn't effect what way he was sitting and still allowed Steve to reach.
"Hey, stop all that moving or I'll have to hold you down. I've the advantage, remember."Tony is grabbing ahold of Barnes collar, pulling him back into place.
If Tony wanted to get Howard's attention, he would've done something beyond the line of stupidity, something that would put his life at risk and nearly kill him
"But I still get a dog."
James wears the same leather jacket that he had last time Tony had seen him, heavy over his shoulders, hiding his missing limb. James hides his deformity with his jacket just like how Tony hides his with fancy suits and layers of black vests to dim its glow. It doesn't work for Tony and it doesn't work for James. But Tony knows that it doesn't work for him, Tony may have gotten to a stage of understanding that he'll have to live with this deformity forever but Bucky hasn't and he doesn't even seem to realise that he won't have to either.
"Fine."
"Steve."Tony's entire body jerks up, his head spinning, his vision blacking out, his limbs moving at a frantic rate as he tangles himself in the bed sheets, thumps against the floor. There's no time to dwell on the pulsing pain in his head, the swooshing of nausea in his stomach, up to his chest, throat, mouth, as he gulps it down and hops around the room because he
"Who says anything about touching?"
"I wasn't the one that lied and whored about."Tony would flinch at those words if it wasn't for the fact he had become so immune to them directed his way. He whores about. It's in his blood, it always has been. It's a Stark trait.
"That's nearly a month."Steve voices, looking at him dumbfounded.
Dum-E whirls and beeps in happiness as Tony snatches the thermal container out of his bots claw and he begins to spin in circles of excitement when Tony brings the coffee up to his lips and seems to take a sip of it. The liquid in the container is closer to the texture of dirt than actual coffee and Tony has to force a smile onto his lips with a content sort of hum just to keep Dum-E happy enough to race off to do something else while Tony spits the coffee out into the bin, the container as well.
"Steve."Tony is letting out a breath that he didn't even know that he was holding, one that follows with a smile that he only seems to smile when he's around Steve, that warm type of smile that's usually accompanied with the flutter of butterflies in his stomach.
"Funny."A smile makes its way to Tony's lips and it's not entirely fake either. An ache seems to form somewhere deep within Tony because just a measly couple of seconds of Bruce's company has made Tony realise just how lonely he has been.
"I've missed you too, Tones."He lets out a relaxed sigh, the tension he didn't know was heavy on his shoulders melting away whenever he has Tony in his arms. His head had been swimming in worry over the holidays whenever Tony had failed to ring and message him constantly like he usually does, and even more so after he had woken up and told him of the situation.
incredible, I wish I was the one that came up with it."
His mouth opens to comfort, to release words of calm reassurance or sympathy, but the words don't come out and Rhodey is sure that Tony doesn't want to hear them either. There's a fine line to their friendship, because Rhodey may fight the world for Tony's revenge, but he's not blinded by his mistakes and his problems, in which the mountain is piling.
"I never knew I signed up to be babied."
The workshop isn't tremendously big but Tony doesn't mind, it's a temporary thing, after all, because it won't be long until Tony can design his own workshop, his own layout and equipment  and location. It'll be a lot bigger, with an adjoining bathroom and mini-bar and with hopefully by then, technology that he's designed for himself. No more of touch screen glass when you can just use holograms and interactive projections and voice command.
him or
your colour. Tell Rebecca to paint them silver next time."Steve smirks, cursing whenever Bucky lands a punch to his thigh. Despite the punch, Steve still has his focus directed to the screen of his mobile, thumbs moving to type out another message to Tony to see how he is.
"You're the one being
"Don't judge a book by it's cover, I work out."
came useful."Tony grins cheekily at Thor, giving the towering teen a playful wink as he rocks on the balls of his feet innocently. It's an action that earns him a sort of a smirk from the older teen, caught by Phil who rolls his eyes.
"No, Tony, I will not calm down!"
. He's okay. He's doing good. He's alive. He's breathing. He's living. The shrapnel poisoning is a thing he has under control. His alcoholism not so much. His public life is a wreck, his personal one not so much that better. His face; still pretty. His body; still fit. His scars; still there. His brain; still brilliantly intelligent. His mental health; nonexistent.
"None of that is his fault."He suddenly finds himself defending a guy that he had shoved out of his life, snarled and commanded to leave his home."Stark Insurance is saving Buck's life."
"That's discrimination."He pouts, rolling off of the couch and venturing until the kitchen area, throwing open Steve's fridge without a second thought or hesitation in his actions.
The grin on Rhodey's face flatters whenever he comes face to face to the damage that has been thrust upon Tony's body, from the healing scars on his face, arms and chest and the odd blue glow of the arc reactor that is now nestled in his chest. He was told by Tony of what the damages were, even send the blueprints for the arc rector, but seeing it now doesn't help the overwhelming sensation he now feels.
Steve's hands are soft on his face, on the left side not the right, and his lips are as equally as soft as his skin, as his hands and his tone of voice that is reserved only for Tony. He's plaint, content with the kiss, despite the tightness in his chest and the dizziness in his head and there's a smile, so nearly not there but there on his lips, even as Steve pulls away until they are nose to nose.
"I can't tell you that."
Like predicted, the second floor of Stark House is just as bad as the Ground Floor. Rhodey grimaces at the state while Tony keeps his eyes trained on where his feet at taking him, careful not to step on stray pieces of broken glass or trip over his own two feet. Tony's bedroom is locked, just the way that he hoped it would be, with a key hidden at the top of the doorframe.
"Is there any further questions you would like to ask, Mr Stark?"Yinsen had perched himself on the edge of Tony's Hospital bed, in a way that respected Tony's personal space and that he was no longer talking down to Tony in anyway.
