Castiel put the hatch down, looking around now that there was a little bit more light in the area. He didn't see why he'd have to stay on the lower floor when he was essentially free to do what he wanted now. He had the majority of his power back, maybe not all of it, but he felt far stronger than before.
But … January 24th.
Dean sorta missed it.
land on his shadow a few doors down. He let the darkness flood the room to box the unaware vampire into the small space whilst it stood motionless by some sort of storage unit.
So Castiel reached out, pressing two fingers to the centre of Sam's forehead before sending in a light pulse of his Grace to scout out the most significant point of agony. He'd initially thought that beginning where the pain was strongest would be the best idea, but within the first second of flooding the boy's veins with his energy, he found that it wasn't entirely possible.
So all he could really say was "Okay."
Sam blinked, his cheeks flushed and his smile growing wider. "Whys he say that?"
Castiel wasn’t really sure how he could respond to that. He was under the impression that Dean was trying to make amends, but Castiel didn’t exactly see it necessary.
! He’d never been immobilised like this before. His ears were ringing and his shadow was unresponsive beneath him, unable to even pinpoint where the vampires were nearby. He was blind to
! It was CPR!”
“I already told you what we’re doing tomorrow,” Dean reminded him, watching as the angel dabbed at a trail of blood with a cloth, ensuring that the flesh was clean at all times, so it seemed. “I’m gonna wait for my brother to call, and then –“
And it also meant that if he'd been feeling particularly low for a while, at least he could spend the night with someone and make-believe he was normal for once.
The boy had needed to die.
It was cute, but it had Castiel worrying that the novelty of their phone calls would eventually wear off. The kid was still young. He'd find other more interesting things as he went about his life and Castiel wasn't counting on this friendship of theirs lasting longer than a year.
Everything felt so utterly surreal, and it caused his mind to wander as he attempted to reread the tracklisting on the jukebox again and again, trying to recognise the titles that he actually liked.
“Yeah, when my parents weren’t out hunting,” Dean informed him. “Not so much recently because dad would just … he’d be out … a lot. We could never really afford more than one twin room.”
“Well, my dad told me about the angels that he’d met and the powers they had, so I was wondering if all angels had the same powers or not,” he lied. He wasn’t ignorant enough to think that every angel would be an exact copycat in terms of their abilities, but he’d found that one of the only ways he got a decent answer was to seem fairly ignorant. It was lame, yes, but in this situation especially, he wanted a good answer.
Which had led to Castiel considering more than just a new training regime. He didn't have all that many options in terms of hunting, but there was one thing that he'd been pondering for a while: changing his identity.
Castiel let out a gentle laugh, lightly touching the top of Dean's head with his fingertips as he walked past. "I'm quite alright for now, but thank you for your concern." The angel stooped to rummage through hid duffel again. "I do need to redress my wound though."
Castiel looked across sharply, blinking a few times. "Yes. Sorry. I ... " Castiel cocked his head to the side, a sad smile on his lips as he rubbed at his forehead. "I actually thought you'd left."
“I haven’t taken on all of his sickness yet. I need to heal him completely.”
thing: his sympathetic side. It did, admittedly, make hunts that bit more draining, but he couldn't help it - and neither could Sam.
For a while now Castiel had had an inkling that other monsters - more than just other angels and demons - could see the Grace that surrounded him. Whether or not that encouraged them to pursue him as prey was another matter, but it had always made him feel wary whenever he checked into motels. These days, he didn't engage in conversation enough with the other beasts to even ask, but he caught their analytical glances; their slow examination of his form before he even made a move, and the way they observed him with a different kind of restraint.
The angel kept silent and still, nothing but a fresh batch of tears to change his appearance.
Castiel looked up at this point, staring at the back of the boy's head, taking in the tense posture. He knew exactly what they were talking about, but it didn't bother him as much as it would have ten minutes ago, the guarantee of his return home still an unbreakable deal, and there was no way he'd let the boy go back on it now. Such a proposition required both members to agree, and even if the demon attempted to break their promise, Castiel would still be able to evade harm and spells the boy decided to trap him with. That was quite possibly the most reassuring aspect.
Castiel didn’t even know why he was thinking about such pointless things. He wasn’t going to keep the demon up for very long at all.
It was a topic Dean imagined Castiel would bring up at some point in the near future. The angel would be an idiot not to call Dean out on his bullshit right now and simply throw in the towel with their friendship because although Dean didn't exactly have many friends, he knew that this wasn't how you were meant to treat them. Especially when they'd not even known each other a full month yet.
“I actually think this might be the thing that stops me from feeling the Grace through your skin.”
He winced at the sound of the basement hatch being hauled open, the creaking as the demon came down the stairs. Castiel could tell it was getting late by the tiny shaft of light let in through the window to the upper right of his position: a dark orange that provided the patch of light with a slight warmth - the only warmth in the room.
“If I’m being honest, I have no idea,”Castiel confessed, draping part of the comforter over his own legs, and Dean felt his heartbeat quicken again at the realisation that Castiel was likely planning to stay in the bed for a while longer, immediately reining his shadow in. “My parents always had halos. I’m assuming it’s a sign of good health, but I could be wrong.”
He knew not to be overly ambitious and ask for anything more than that, even if his math skills weren't really up to speed. All he had was a rough estimate of what his average week of shopping would total to, and whilst he was putting his job on the line by asking for more than normal, he knew that Crowley was also in a very vulnerable position right now.
He’d thought it would be a lot harder to locate the angel than it actually was, but by the time he’d knocked away the rubble from the second door and managed to get his head around to check, he was almost laughing with relief, thankful that there was at least a
“So, why you wakin’ me up?” The boy asked him, mimicking Castiel’s position so they were facing each other across the beam. The kid’s eyes were lidded and he was blinking profusely, squinting on occasion like he was having trouble keeping them open. “You have trouble sleeping?”
"Shut up," Dean grumbled, but he cracked a smile and that's all Castiel needed to make him feel moderately better about the situation.
“You sure as fuck don’t
"You put
He had no fucking idea how Castiel would have acted had Dean been a bit older, or if it had even been his dad in his place, and yeah, it might have been a pretty shitty thing to consider after everything Cas had done to help him out, but it wasn't something he'd actually thought about before.
Meaning he was with Rufus, and they’d probably bitched about the whole situation in the moments leading up to the call.
"Yeah ... uh ... hi," he finally managed, grinning when the angel suddenly looked incredibly shy, Cas ducking his head and doing a
All he knew was that it was really fucking late, and he’d had no sleep yet whatsoever.
If it had been any other instance, Dean would have been totally okay with it. He liked to think he had a pretty good moral judgement - especially for a demon - and he wasn't really afraid to own up to his mistakes; but this was a different matter entirely, and Dean didn't even know how to apologise properly for what happened. It didn't exactly help that he'd been left in the dark regarding what John had said because he didn't want to straight up call his dad a liar and make himself look ridiculously guilty. John and Bobby were friends. Really
"Uhhh ..." Castiel started. "I don't really have a reason anymore."
draught coming in through the chimney stack was something else altogether. Castiel knew
She stared at him a little longer, her eyes still displaying an element of irritation before she was going back to pretending that she knew what she was doing.
“January 24th.”
"I dunno. Pizza probably. Oh, but the stove at the cabin isn't very good, so if you're planning on making yourself something, I wouldn't recommend anything that has to cook for longer than half an hour in the oven," the boy replied, and Castiel frowned slightly, rethinking his options. He didn't
"Walk me through it then," Jo pushed. "Not that I plan on selling my soul, but, y'know. It's kinda interesting."
Not that Castiel intended on stirring shit. As much as he hated his employer, he wasn't a grass, and he didn't exactly want to have Crowley's men hunting him down in revenge.
"Okay," Dean started, adjusting himself in his seat. "So, basically the client decides what they want, what they have to offer, and then we decide if it's worth it. If they offer a soul, we get to take that whenever we want, so, we basically own that person from the minute the deal's established."
There was a sharp crackling before the line went dead, and Dean found himself scrabbling to redial Castiel's number, wanting to hear what else the angel had to say. He knew it was probably costing Cas quite a bit as it was, given the fact that his phone claimed they'd already been talking for around about two hours, but still. He couldn't just
"Uh-huh."
"I ... want to apologise," Dean said slowly, rolling his bottom lip between his teeth again for a moment. "For losing my temper, and getting, um ..." He swallowed, ducking his head further. "Emotional."
"What rank?"
"Yeah. Please," the angel groaned, running his hand down his face.
“Go sit back down.”
charmed, that meant if Dean asked nice enough, Cas could get rid of it. Dean would feel more comfortable with their friendship if he didn't have this stupid crush influencing his every action.
Castiel shrugged, starting back in the direction of the basement steps, keen to avoid as much eye contact as possible. “Are we going to discuss this promise of yours then?”
"What's wrong?" He asked softly, throwing his pen to the side to show Cas that the guy had his undivided attention.
some kind of reply, so shouldn't he answer now? Even if it was getting late?
Dean turned his gaze to the floor, feeling his mouth go dry as he tried to come up with some kind of excuse. He knew that retelling the events would probably piss Cas off more than anything, what with the way Cas had spoken about Dean's dad before. He seemed to have a lot of problems with the way Dean had been brought up, and although it wasn't really any of the angel's business, Dean didn't want Cas to go off on one when it wasn't even serious.
He grabbed hold of Castiel’s shoulders blindly, the hands falling from his jaw as he pulled Cas close, pressing his face to the side of Cas’s neck. He tried not to think about the collar or the leash that had been tied to the guy earlier because both of those things had been cruel, and, in some way or another, had caused Castiel pain. The only reason Dean had even opted for that method of warding was so he could degrade the guy and make himself feel more superior.
? There had to be manlier looking brands out there than this Hello Kitty look-alike crap. It was fucking embarrassing.
“Okay, you need to be quieter too. Wouldn’t be surprised if you’d woken them all up.”
Castiel sheathed his pistol in his holster, casting one last glance about the dank space.
he could do that. He'd dumped them all in a really fucking dangerous situation. Dean wasn't all that sure of how an angel's Grace could impact a human if it flared again, but given the fact that it had totalled the upper floor of a building with a couple of bursts, Dean dreaded to think of what would happen if a person stood close enough to the blast.
forgiving. Dean had treated the angel like shit, and yet here he was, walking around WinCo with the very same person. Obviously, things between them weren’t
"Why do angels' eyes change colour?" He queried, glancing up timidly. Castiel's smile had softened and he was looking to the groceries available again, and yet Cas looked like he wasn't paying attention. Even with the smile, his expression was still fairly vacant.
He looked uncharacteristically innocent though, hiding half of his face beneath the covers.
He hadn't been to Crowley's establishment in quite some time, having always preferred to receive orders over the phone. It felt wrong being back in the building after visiting the old shack so frequently for his pay and orders in the past.
"Are you ... are you actually okay with me calling you though? I mean, I don't wanna annoy you or anything."
Castiel looked over for a moment, smiling slightly. "When'd you throw me in the basement?"
- was anything but textbook chaotic.
The boy still didn’t look at him, but he nodded. “… Okay.”
Because they'd known each other a few weeks. That was it. Dean probably needed to remind himself of that a
a good idea," the boy mocked, pushing him lightly before straightening up. Castiel watched with alarm as the black lenses flickered down over Dean's eyes, his mind going blank for a second as the demon took a step back. "You pretty much collapsed, and moving in your state is just gonna increase your blood loss. Get some fucking rest and I'll go deal with this."
"I would have still answered your call, moron," Castiel insisted, pushing the hair from his forehead. "But why aren't
Castiel wound the bandages tightly around his torso after drying the wound as best he could, wincing a little as the material shifted with every slight movement until he got used to the discomfort, putting away his remaining medical equipment as he readied to settle down for the night. He focused as much of his remaining energy as he could on the wound to make it heal faster, numbing the pain somewhat, but not really healing the flesh. Already there was a faint splotch of blood staining the stark white of the bandages when he craned his neck to take a look.
“He can heal himself when he wakes up.”
"Are those the only ones you're interested in? My 'psychic abilities'?" The angel asked, a slight smirk pulling at his lips. "Because I can tell you now, you're going to be extremely disappointed by how much I have to talk to you about."
He wasn't expecting the abrupt scream followed by another voice in the background, and he nearly dropped the phone in alarm, suddenly wide awake.
And maybe there'd be a little bit of info on demons too. Not that that was a priority or anything. Dean actually hoped he didn't find anything that could potentially make him hate what he was more than he already did.
"Cas, open the door."
He slammed his fist down on the floorboards, shouting around the leather strap, "Shut the fuck up!"
“I fucking
"O-okay," he stammered, scraping his chair back across the wooden floor to stand.
"What were you meant to do?" Sam persevered, and Dean lay down on the bed, rolling onto his stomach with his chin resting on his crossed arms, facing the headboard.
"He basically said as much to me yesterday, Sam," Dean muttered, staring down at the bedspread. "And it's not like he's refrained from telling me before."
"Cas, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable," Dean tried, refraining from reaching out to pull the angel's hands away because that
The boy looked to him briefly, his expression hard, and anything that could have been seen as remotely kind had been replaced with stern features. The black lenses concealing his eyes stood out though, indicating his anger, and Castiel could feel a bout of nausea roll through him at the thought of what the demon would do when Castiel was completely fucking powerless!
He knew to be warier around the angel now anyway, even if Castiel didn't really seem like the kind of person who'd melt Dean from the inside-out. Dean really didn't know the guy all that well, and whilst he still felt like Cas was deserving of his trust, he'd need to be a lot more prepared.
“I’m not an invalid, Dean. I want to help.”
And Dean completely understood why. They were building a trust between them, and honestly, Dean would have thought it weirder if Castiel had openly spoken about his parents so early on in their friendship.
He couldn’t take Cas back to the house without Bobby’s permission though. He’d caused enough of a mess the first time.
"Yeah, well it's the last time it's ever gonna happen."
Dean remembered Cas explaining the whole healing thing as a form of absorption to begin with, so that was fine. That wasn't scary. Dean had experienced Castiel's healing firsthand so he'd had a vague idea of how the process worked.
Pamela was paler than she had been before, a stern expression on her features as if the recent argument had disturbed her. “Look at you, learning all the spiritual lingo,” she attempted in jest, but there was still a stiffness to her delivery that only reminded him how anxious she probably was to toy around with an angel, especially in this kind of setting where two hunters had a blatant dislike for the patient in question.
"Well, if you answered my question
See, it was things like that that reminded Dean of how considerate Castiel had been. The angel hadn't gained anything by doing that, and the warding in place at the time may have been weak but according to the bestiaries, it was more than enough to keep Cas from doing anything potentially fatal - which is exactly why Dean had done his best to find an opposing sigil he could use for protection instead.
"When the hell did I say that?" Dean asked, but his voice still held that light tone, allowing Castiel to feel more free to talk about whatever he wanted. It really was strange to be able to feel as such, but Castiel was simply glad he had that confidence to talk period. Sure he could argue, and bar fights were practically a norm, but this kind of joking conversation was way harder to come by and it was so fucking refreshing to not have to force himself to feign anything.
The demon touched at the top of his head for a split second before apparently thinking better of it, “You know I can’t, Cas. I have my orders.”
Dean blinked, his arms falling to his sides. “Yeah, couple of weeks ago now. Why?”
Castiel didn’t want to press the issue, but he continued to stare down at the demon, analysing him.
So what the hell had his dad said to fuck things up so much?
He bit his lip when the tears ran to his palms, bringing his knees up to his chest to give him that sense of security as he let himself come undone.
"Compliment," Dean chirped, folding his arms over the countertop to make himself more comfortable, before looking to the front door. "Sooo ... does that happen a lot then? Your eyes turning purple?"
Castiel chose to drop it in the basket instead, knowing that if the boy was going to insist upon him keeping it, there was no point holding it when he'd need to be picking other things up.
Castiel entered the room warily, side-eyeing the demon that held open the door. He hadn't visited the bar in so long that he didn't recognise any of Crowley's latest grunts, and whilst it did make him feel safer knowing that some of the more heavy-handed employees had been rotated out, he doubted these new employees would be any less cruel.
"Wait - did you just say I was
"It's pretty explanatory: no, I don't think you're cool," the angel told him, pulling a face as if he found the question confusing.
he'd still have to concentrate just as much to make sure he didn't fuck up any of the stitching. It'd probably be easier to do by hand in all honesty. Given the fact Castiel didn't have the money to spare on new clothes anymore, it made more sense for him to make sure it was all as good as he could make it.
it was gonna hurt, but it's never hurt
Because Sammy was still young, and Dean needed to keep him protected.
He did feel a little guilty for giving such an ambiguous answer, and for not even attempting to continue the conversation past that sentence, but they were in bed now. They should have really been trying to sleep.
didn't make any sense. Like, at all. Dean might not have thought about that story in years and could be forgetting certain details, but given how big a story like that actually
"Obviously, you'd have to put a shirt on," Dean added, rubbing at the back of his neck. "I don't really care if I get it back or not."
"I didn't go to sleep last night, so I was too tired to actually care."
- stories where demons had been just as spiteful. Obviously, that could've had something to do with the fact that there were far less angels in America than there were demons, but John had bigged them up to essentially be portrayed as these super-intelligent killers. If that was the case, then wouldn't the Union promote the eradication of their kind as opposed to issuing their protection?
“Why are you holding me captive?” Castiel asked quietly, unable to hold the tremble from his voice. It wasn’t just fright tainting his words, but anger.
"Morning," Dean called as softly as he could from the doorway of the study, walking through the room so that he could have a conversation right. Bobby didn't move all that much; he sat up a little straighter maybe, but that was all that Dean really noticed in terms of a reaction. He didn't know what he expected really. He'd been such a dick to the older man that he probably deserved to be given the cold shoulder.
“You’re being very quiet,” Castiel commented softly, his hair flopping down in front of his eyes when he turned his gaze to the weapons on the ground beside him; the barrel of his gun probably clogged with the woodland dirt. He couldn’t be bothered to deal with it right now, and as hypocritical as it was, Castiel was tired of the silence. Dean was both strange and amusing, and it wasn’t so much an instigation out of pity because Castiel truly wanted to talk.
Dean was taking a considerably long time for someone who was going back solely to get a change of clothes. It had Castiel worrying despite knowing that Dean was able to replicate the tethering sigils, and he took in a sharp breath when he felt his blade slice his fingertips in distraction; the weapon clattering to the tabletop followed closely by the gentle sound of pattering blood.
Castiel went quiet and Dean cleared his throat.
Bobby wasn't like that. Bobby had never believed that they should have to hunt unless they wanted to. He'd never straight out said that to John's face, but he used to mention it quietly when Dean helped make dinner.
Dean really fucking hoped as much anyway. He knew how John could be sometimes, but it would be fucking cruel to throw Sammy full on into the role of a hunter when he had so little experience - and when he was still so young.
the older man was just as fragile as any other human in the world. Sure, Bobby was a skilled hunter, but Rugarus weren't exactly the weakest creature out there, and it could have ended up a hell of a lot worse.
service, resulting in a lot of jobless hunters, and just as many enemies. He didn’t want that – especially since they hated his kind enough as it was.
Dean rested his chin in a palm, balancing his elbow on his thigh as he watched Castiel mold the liquid into the shape of an unrecognizable cartridge, the beer stretched out in midair to craft a long, thin tip, sorta similar to an FMJ spitzer only Dean doubted Cas had made the core any different to the exterior. It was slowly frozen over, the dull colour of the drink turning an almost opaque grey, completely encased in ice.
Maybe she’d just be a little bit better as an angel whisperer than a demon doctor.
He couldn't stop thinking about what Bobby had said in their last conversation when he'd mentioned Castiel's strength, because it wasn't until Dean had repeatedly run the conversation through his head that he'd begun to pick it apart even further.
"Do you intentionally go out of your way to drench yourself in monster blood every time you hunt or is it just down to your clumsiness?" Castiel whispered. He pinched the collar of the tee Dean was wearing, applying enough force that the dark fluid welled from the fabric, running a red rivulet down Castiel's fingers to the crease of his palm.
Dean could feel his knees buckle and he instinctively flared his shadow against the floor to keep himself upright. "But I can take you straight there. You're both injured, a-and ..." He swallowed thickly to keep the bile from rising up in his throat. "Bobby's truck isn't -"
Dean wasn't really focussing on the drawing anymore.
Dean frowned, holding the basket out to the side so it wouldn't swing against Castiel's back. "I did."
Bobby didn't reply immediately, but Dean kinda appreciated the silence that hung in the air, able to gauge just how much tension there was between them before Bobby had even responded.
That in itself was odd, seeing as he was ever so used to it. In addition to the fact that he didn't want anyone with him.
Dean let out a heavy sigh, thumping his head back against the wall. It should not have been this difficult to write one fucking sentence. Hell, he could barely get past the greeting bit, but if he didn't include a 'hello' of some sorts he was worried the text would seem a lot less heartfelt.
He brought his shadow up in time to prevent the cell phone from hitting him in the face, staggering back a little to keep his balance.
Dean knew not to argue, even though he didn't feel comfortable letting Bobby clean up after him. He had been welcomed into the home when Bobby still hadn't been told everything, and if anything, Dean should have been doing everything he could to say thank you right now.
What he hated more was that he knew that, faced against something so strong, Dean himself didn't have any ability in particular that could stop himself from getting hurt. Hell, Dean and all the other demons were way more susceptible to the effect of an angel's Grace, so if Castiel
(See the end of the chapter for
The moment he felt his phone buzz in his pocket though, all those worries melted away leaving him feeling slightly giddy, and he dropped from the bar in his cavern gracefully, something like hope filling his chest.
It was why they both cared for Bobby as much as they did, because whilst Dean could only get away with doing a few nice things for Sam each year, Bobby managed to cram a year's worth of nice things into a week. In a way, he was almost like their other dad, and that's why Dean needed to get his shit together and cook something other than pasta for the first time in forever. He needed to make up for the arguments they'd had over the past couple of weeks because, whilst he himself knew he had a solid point about angels, Bobby was just being a cautious parent, and Dean wasn't ever gonna fault him for that.
It was actually starting to worry him because he'd been intending to sing Castiel's praises when referring him to another hunting firm, but if Cas was saying it was stupid, then how the hell was Dean meant to give a good impression?
"Great," the demon chirped, laying a hand on Castiel's bicep. Castiel was about to ask why the child had been staring in the first place if it wasn't out of recognition when the boy called out to the man in greeting, waiting until the man had turned to look at them before the colours were blurring and they were suddenly back in the cabin.
But back to the problem at hand, at this rate, there was no real way he could stay with Sam. Taking Sam with him wasn’t an option – more so considering the fact that he hardly had any money, and no place to stay, and he wasn’t gonna risk Sam’s health when he would have only just gotten well again. No, he’d still be able to keep in contact so long as Sam kept a hold of his phone, and it wasn’t like Dean hadn’t taken care of himself before. With his abilities it wouldn’t be difficult to steal food and find temporary shelter. He didn’t necessarily have to hunt to make money. Hell, the only real reason he’d have to make money was if he actually
Castiel burst through the rotted wood of the wall on the third thud, but he wasn’t alone. Some fucked-up reptilian-looking monstrosity was atop him, Castiel’s silver blade lodged in its throat as the screaming creature was wrestled across the floor. The angel was quick to move even after he’d hit the carpet, kicking the beast to the opposite side of the room with such force that the entire wardrobe shattered with the impact.
He chose to ignore it, knowing that it would seal shut in his sleep given that his energy would be focused on the injury for the entirety of his dreams. It might make him marginally weaker the following morning, but at least he would be safe from infection and further hurt.
“Nothing!” Dean blurted, facing away again, only this time his shadow was tightly drawn beneath his form, blending in with the natural darkness caused by the room's lighting. Castiel was admittedly a little stunned by the interaction, but despite his curiosity, he didn’t particularly want to pry. Not when Dean was blatantly flustered.
“N-no. No, I’m okay. Just …” he trailed off, hearing footsteps in the room above. “It doesn’t matter.
"Let me go!" He yelped weakly, the threat of crying straining his throat as he wept against the ground. "I can heal you! You don't need my blood!"
The demon wet his lips, looking off to a bordered window, shrugging. “I dunno.”
Dean ignored the dull ache the angel's foot made in his side before meeting the cold glare, "At what point did I say I pitied you?"
He hadn't read anything in a bestiary that explained what that meant.
The demon sighed, rubbing a hand over his brow as his cheeks turned an even brighter shade of pink. “It’s not
Not that he was, like, considering a relationship with her or anything. He liked her, but he was pretty sure that Ellen would throw a fit if anything did actually happen between them. Not only that, but the thought of dating someone made him feel a little nervous and he didn't want to fuck things up with Jo by accident and ruin a good thing, because, in all honesty, he didn't know how relationships even functioned. Judging by the stuff he'd seen on TV, he knew that it would kind of take up a lot of his free time, and he didn't really feel comfortable enough with his current situation to give that up right now. Whilst that probably sounded a little selfish, wouldn't it be more selfish to start a relationship and then rarely hang out with them at all?
Regardless, all he actually wanted right now was to be able to call the guy. Dean doubted that the Harvelles would show sympathy toward him for something like this so it wasn't exactly like he could go back round and ask them to be on his side. He didn't know what their stance on the matter was, and to be honest, he didn't want to find out. If he'd lost contact with Cas, then he'd already lost one friend. Jo was the only other person he felt like he could really be himself around right about now.
The question hung in the air for a moment, and it wasn't because Dean didn't have an answer but more that he wasn't prepared for that kind of question.
He was ... slightly wrong about that. Several times, apparently, given that he'd read at least three different accounts describing the whole Heaven and Hell ordeal and
(See the end of the chapter for
“What the hell?!”
He had a job, and right now, it was the only thing keeping him alive.
that Castiel could heal others as opposed to simply going by the angel’s word. Sure, Cas had basically used him as a test project, but it had worked, meaning that it would work on Sam, and Dean’d sooner be the experiment than his younger brother, not wanting anything to go wrong in the slightest. Dean had known he should have given the angel a little more credit, what with the offer to be healed before, but he was honestly relieved to know that Cas wasn't a liar like his dad had ignorantly implied. Not
gonna be able to heal yourself properly, right?”
thing.
It almost felt like a waste when he could see so many more potential hunts on his map, but as he wouldn’t be paid for the extra work, there was never any point in tackling them. It was undeniably selfish, but Castiel couldn’t afford to waste his energy.
Castiel exhaled sharply, causing the hair in front of his eyes to flutter slightly. “Thank you for giving me another reason to be incredibly stressed about this hunt.”
When he was a kid, his dad had always explained it like this: angels and demons had been created to balance out the universe with the former being the 'purest', and the latter effectively the embodiment of everything terrible. Basically, they were a twisted physical manifestation of yin and yang, except one species got to live in paradise with the more virtuous souls when the humans passed on, and the other got the shit end of the stick.
sorry."
Dean still seemed to be able to use his abilities though. His shadow didn't appear to have any limitations, and obviously he could travel between the rooms without much issue, but he was still scared to take that first step toward the living room.
Dean drew his lip between his teeth again nervously, the heat crawling over his face when the angel stared over at him in defiance. It was beginning to make sense why Cas had called him strange if that was the reason as to why the angel was being so open in the first place: because Dean was treating him like he would anyone else he liked.
"Dean," Castiel interrupted, smiling weakly. "You have my number again. You don't need to hang around out here any longer." He patted Dean's shoulder as he himself went to go back in, stalling when Dean caught hold of his wrist again.
"Sorry about that, Dean. The reception here's not exactly great."
"Right," he said calmly, wiping blood from his face and spitting to the side when he felt the wet touch to his lips. "Are there any more?"
Sam laughed again, taking a bite of the ice cream scoop, and Dean looked across the vast expanse of grass, pushing himself gently on the swing as he tried
"Don't say that, Dean. You know he -"
He should have been a lot more relaxed than this. John wasn't gonna show up, or, at least if he did, Dean would make sure both Sam and Cas were protected. Obviously, Cas's safety at this point was a tad bit more important seeing as he was the only one who could actually cure Sam, and John wouldn't ever dream of firing a round at the kid so Sam was pretty safe as it was.
He didn’t care if it would ruin his chances of a job – if this really had been about some form of work, he wouldn’t have been caught in a ring of holy fire like some sort of prisoner, and they would probably be halfway through some sort of negotiation.
“Nice one, smart-ass.”
"Right. Uhh ... well, I, uhhh .... I didn't really -"
"Hey, Dad. I uhh, need to talk to you about the angel."
Might be a bit of a delay with next week's chapter too because I've got graduation next weekend so I'll be making the most of my time in bournemouth before I head home forever ;_;
"No. I'm done here." He snapped, storming out the room to head upstairs. He felt sick. He'd wanted there to be at least one other person on his side, and Bobby's was the only opinion that had mattered to him. He just didn't know what the fuck he was going to do!
leaving me alone, Dean!"
"Well, the last time I made a deal with a demon, they didn't go trying to shove their tongue down my fucking throat. That part sure as hell wasn't compulsory."
He waited until the boy had picked up everything from the ground before stepping closer, standing beside the child so it would be easier to transport him out of the store. But the boy didn't move to touch him or anything of the sort, looking a little further down the aisle to where a man was examining some kind of packet.
to talk about what happened, and he also wanted to get any argument they might have out of the way and done. He didn't have a clue what  John had said, and it had started to gnaw at his thoughts again because he didn't know if any arrangements had been made between the two hunters or anything of the sort.
It’s why Castiel had been avoiding the subject. Even when Dean had mentioned the injuries Castiel was healing himself of, he tried to divert the attention to something else, not wanting to upset the demon by dwelling on the subject for longer than necessary.
Dean personally didn't feel like he'd been irrational or anything of the sort by bringing Cas to the house, but it was irrelevant. Dean just needed to pay more attention to the way Castiel was drawing all these squiggles and he'd never have to worry about being stuck like that again.
"You need to make sure these two lines cross here
Bobby simply downed his drink.
have talked for a teensy bit longer, but it was to make up for how late he'd phoned in the first place. Cas had been expecting a call and Dean hadn't been able to avoid going to The Roadhouse with Bobby for a while. The older man would have been even more suspicious if Dean had turned down an opportunity to get free pie.
He didn't
"The shower. If you're planning on staying here, please can you clean yourself up first?"
Had he really given such a bad impression to begin with that Dean had thought all his actions were done out of pity?
He looked around his surroundings desperately – for anything he could use to eliminate the flames. He could coax one of the beams down – have it break a pathway for a few seconds so he could get past.
Dean knew Bobby would probably be tired when he got home later that night, and unless he stopped at a drive-thru on the way back, the older man probably wouldn't have eaten either. Whilst Dean was ultimately trying to win Bobby over to get his original phone back, he also wanted the guy to be okay in the long run, and feeding him pasta every single night wasn't exactly the healthiest thing in the world. Bobby kinda deserved better than that.
Well, he
The demon didn't need to head on down that route - especially at such a young age - but then, what right did Castiel have to address something of the sort? It wasn't
He wanted to sleep.
So long as he wasn’t completely on his own anymore, he could tolerate the arguments.
look.
“Can I ask you a question?”
It was pretty fucking obvious as to why Cas was staring at him with a look of absolute terror.
However, as the room was fairly small and there wasn’t actually a vast amount of floor space left to cross, that would probably be easier said than done. He’d just have to be a little more cautious in the morning.
Castiel turned his head slightly but still didn’t look in Dean’s direction, his expression blank. “Just a prayer.”
"I am an
"Uhhh." Dean paused, rubbing at his chin. "Just some guy Bobby doesn't want me talking to."
"I didn't, Dean - he's going to be fine," Castiel assured him. "I wouldn't have hurt either of you."
Castiel drifted in and out of dreamless sleep over the next few hours, the pain never leaving him for long at all. It was constant but dull, sharp stabs in his back every so often that roused him from unconsciousness. In a way, he considered it a blessing, not wanting to be at his most vulnerable when the demon returned. Anything could happen whilst he slept.
He smiled timidly when Castiel pushed his hand aside, practically breathing out a ‘don’t touch me’, not once looking away. Dean had expected something a little more aggressive because there was no way Cas could have forgiven him after
"You caught me by surprise," Castiel claimed as Dean walked round to stand opposite him again, a little closer this time. "This is pretty much the last place I expected to run into you."
"And how much of a raise are we talking?"
"Don't laugh at me, you asshole."
to keep talking. You were in the middle of telling me what you'd done today."
He hadn’t quite expected it to end the way that it did though.
The air was knocked out of him as John shoved him up against the wall, Dean's vision flaring white for a brief moment, and he choked, barely able to hear Sam shouting at John from across the room.
"Oh, because you know him so well!" The older man blurted. "You shouldn't even be giving him a nickname! Do you understand why we're concerned? Two days knowing an
“And you’re going to continue to hunt?”
"And money-wise you're sorted? You won't need to rent a motel room or anything?"
He leant in a little more, analysing the edges of the wound. The skin wasn’t knitting together like it had when Cas had been asleep back at the cabin, and Dean couldn't see any evidence of it being repaired whilst the angel was unconscious.
Well, given what Crowley had alluded to business-wise, Castiel assumed he still had a job, even if it wouldn't really be worth it. Castiel was still on the fence about the whole ordeal, but there was no point making a decision now when he didn't actually know what all of his options were yet. For all he knew, this meeting could just be another set-up to remove him from the picture permanently.
You’re holding me here against my will yet you don’t know
Actually, no.
There was one story in particular that kind of struck a chord with him, mostly because it seemed so simple and way less dramatic than all the stuff involving some human-hating-alpha-angels.
Castiel had tried to protect everyone as best he could, but it was hard to work alone, albeit more to his preference. Teamwork – the cooperating well with others – was something his personality was not best suited for. Of course, he’d enjoy the company, but he didn’t know how well he would fare with the company of someone else in terms of communication and battle strategies.
Castiel headed over to the edge of the forest to begin his trek through the undergrowth, ducking beneath the low hanging branches and sliding over fallen trees. It was laborious and far more tiring than he’d anticipated, but he pressed on, stopping by the stream to rinse his back.
"You know, for someone who wanted to keep talking, you're being pretty quiet," Dean murmured teasingly.
"Hey, you got everything you needed, right?" The demon queried, a more serious tone accompanying his words, and Castiel nodded, stilling when the fingers touched at the back of his wrist. "Leave it then. I'll just take you back to the cabin."
Cas’s species might be scary as a whole but Castiel clearly had good intentions, and that thought definitely made it easier to think about how he was almost being spooned by a fucking nuclear bomb.
Castiel hopped down off the ledge, his shirt rising up a little with the action. "That's okay. If anything I see it as a compliment," he replied, muffling a yawn behind the back of his hand. "It's not often that nice people call me pretty."
Dean hadn't been charmed! All these stupid, gushy feelings were his own.
"WHERE IS IT?!" John screamed. "WHERE'S THE FUCKING ANGEL, DEAN?!"
If Bobby hadn't confiscated the phone when he did, Dean would probably feel a lot more confident about asking Castiel if he could crash should he need to leave Sioux Falls anytime soon, but even then they probably wouldn't know each other well enough for it not to be kinda awkward. Again, he didn't want to be helped out of pity, and Cas had started to adopt this weird parental attitude toward him when they spoke that gave Dean the impression that if Cas
Dean laughed lightly, his fingers twisting in the back of Castiel's shirt as his shadow spread out far across the dry soil of the forest floor.
He ended up spending about an hour packing, making sure he had sufficient clothing and food for himself, solely so he could spend as little money as possible while he was out on the job. It had been quite some time since he'd last encountered a wraith, and he wanted to make sure he had the best method for extermination at the forefront of his mind, encouraging him to read over his old notes briefly so that he made sure to bring the necessary weapons. Castiel included his homemade bestiary in his duffel, along with the new blade Crowley had gifted him, so he could organise himself properly once he reached a motel, knowing that he could always use his abilities to kill the creature if everything else failed.
“No. Just give me some peace of mind and don’t go near him again whilst he’s here.”
For a brief second, he swore he could see the boy grin, before the demon vanished completely with a sooty outline replacing his figure, and Castiel crashed to the floor, throwing out his arm so he didn’t land on his knife. The weight returned to his spine, his arms pulled back and his wrists locked together by some kind of spell as the boy placed a palm on Castiel’s left shoulder blade, keeping him pressed to the ground.
Castiel almost pitied the creature in front of him.
Dean had to take a moment to calm himself after hearing that statement, but he still found himself unable to accept every word that Bobby voiced.
“Yeah, I get that. It’s just … kinda … really gross.”
Bobby adjusted the cap on his head as he turned back around, humour in his eyes. "Give Rumsfeld somethin' at six. He had a late breakfast today." He continued on through to the hallway, directing a wave behind him. "I'll be back before midnight."
Castiel didn't want to be forced into becoming some creature's servant.
Castiel shrugged listlessly, and Dean ducked his head almost immediately, knowing he was probably only going to make things uncomfortable for the guy if he continued to pry.
And it'd be pretty damn hard to get it accurate unless he carried a fucking paintbrush with him at all times.
"I'm here!" He said hurriedly, recognising Bobby's voice straight away. "What's wrong? What's happening?"
Bobby had obviously heard of Castiel before; whether that was through an actual meeting or just word of mouth, Dean didn't know, but Bobby knew about Castiel's current state and how weak he was, and it was stressing Dean out.
"About what?" The boy questioned, and it made Dean's heart clench at the sound of distrust in Sam's voice, having hoped that Sam would have been at least a little more open for this conversation.
"That's because part of it's already closed up. You're meant to take care of injuries like this as soon as possible."
“Is that why you addressed this topic?” Castiel followed up softly, his eyes filled with concern when Dean finally dared to look at him again.
“I get that you’re still pissed off, and you have every right to be, but I need you to cooperate with me here.”
the hunting life. People died on hunts all the time. He shouldn't have been letting himself feel this uneasy at the prospect of someone he barely knew passing on.
It got uncomfortably quiet after that, despite the fact that he
"Ignore me, Dean. I just can't afford to be optimistic," he grimaced, staring off at the wall opposite the bed to avoid eye contact. "I know for a fact this illness isn't going to kill me though. The reason I'm struggling at the moment is because it's poisoned my blood, and, uhhh ... that's quite a lot to heal myself of."
"Shit, Cas - I can't take
"That doesn't mean it's not serious."
Actually, the reasons weren’t that obvious. Castiel didn’t use his powers for his assignments, relying upon provided weaponry to take down the target so not to steer all the attention from the other hunters, both humans and demons alike. If he used his powers, people would prefer
"I'd actually rather not discuss that with you."
"I-I want to help," the demon mumbled as Castiel ripped the packet open with his teeth, pulling out another of the wipes to clean the torn tissue closest to his ribs.
“Well, I’m alive,” Bobby said stiffly, and Dean let himself smile, even if his nerves caused his expression to twist two seconds later. Bobby cleared his throat, and Dean immediately sat up straighter.
relied on the internet. Books were, like, second rate in comparison.
Very rarely did he fall behind on the more common chores, but the past few days he'd prioritised training and the adrenaline that came with it had been more than just a little distracting. He really needed to organise a proper schedule so that he could get on top of everything before he even began to reintroduce hunting. There wasn't really any rush at the moment to do so though. He intended to give himself maybe another two weeks before he'd pursue any kind of work.
And it wasn't like there was much of the poison left in the younger demon's system anyway. Castiel just wanted to make sure he'd healed the boy of it completely so Sam wouldn't risk falling ill to it again.
"No, no. Sorry dude, I didn't mean to be gone for as long as I was," Dean insisted, walking briskly over to the bed so he could sit at Castiel's side. The angel didn't really react, but his eyes followed Dean's movements with a certain curiosity, his irises a light shade of blue. "I just, uhhh ... eating something will make you heal faster right? If your diet affects your Grace, I mean."
"But do you think you'll be able to heal someone who's got an illness, not an injury?" He pressed, crossing his legs as he turned his body fully toward the angel. "Would that be more difficult or what?"
"Y-yeah. Right. Okay," Dean rushed out, and Castiel laughed, looking back over his shoulder.
The psychic hesitantly lay a palm on Castiel’s forehead as she sat on the arm of the couch, her shoulders relaxing ever so slightly. “Well, we’ll both find out in a minute.”
“Take care of yourself first, Cas,” Dean chided, drawing the darkened mass back toward his form. “Don’t want you fainting on me again.”
Dean could feel that light-headed sensation return despite him now being seated, his vision blurring slightly as his eyes focussed on nothing in particular.
“I didn’t know if that actually applied to …” He gestured toward Castiel weakly. “Whatever this is.”
“I can change the bandage if you want? It really should be clea –“
"Yeah, but-"
It made him feel so ill thinking about it again, and he didn't need that kind of unease adding to his panic right now.
“Don’t worry. It won’t harm you,” Castiel reassured him, reducing the amount of energy he supplied to it so that it was nowhere near as threatening. The light bobbed up and down above the bed as Castiel slid between the sheets, and he reached to take it in his palm once he was seated, reabsorbing it into his body.
"I'm not gonna hurt you, okay? Just sit up so I can clean that ... that." He gestured to Castiel's face before slamming the lid of the med box closed, "Cut on your lip."
Sometimes the heat could be overbearing, and surprisingly, this wasn’t even the summer weather at its worst. Although Castiel could alter the temperature of naturalistic material around him, when it came to cooling himself down, it took a lot more effort, and his power didn’t ever work on his clothing, for some bizarre reason.
"No, I ... I can't do anything like that. Well, I can send someone to sleep, but that's hardly ..." He trailed off when the shadow returned to his ankles, dragging along the hem of his jeans. Castiel rolled his lips between his teeth, squatting to place his empty beer bottle on the floor. "Dean, I wouldn't -"
"It's not that bad," Dean insisted, bracing his hands on the edge of the counter. "I do it out of love."
and it would have been all his fucking fault if Castiel’s Grace - or whatever the reason behind his consciousness was - hadn’t interfered in time.
Sam shrugged a little, still looking somewhat dazed. "He, uhhh ... I don't know. He wouldn't let this man near you, but I think you guys were on a hunt or something because he had blood on him and stuff."
Dean remembered Sammy's prediction.
Forming a rock alternative to a pull-up bar was far easier than any of the other modifications Castiel had made to the rest of his home in the past, and it didn't take him long at all, the rock grinding beneath his palms as it was shaped to fit his design perfectly.
… something, something. Most likely for the job, followed by some snarky comment like he made when they met face to face.
He preferred to keep to himself anyway, and here, in his cave, he couldn’t be hurt or laughed at by anyone. It was safe.
Castiel swallowed thickly, trying not to think about how much pain Sam had to endure on a daily basis.
He heard the boy take in a deep breath, and he closed his eyes, stretching out one of his legs to get more comfortable.
Not that being associated to Cas was a
of the shit that Dean had involved himself with – no matter how life-and-death the situation was – he could kiss his chances of rejoining his dad goodbye for fucking
“If you don’t get up in five minutes, I’m going on this hunt without you,” Castiel threatened weakly, prodding him in the back with a finger before he was rising to his feet. “Come on.”
He curled in on himself, not even wincing when the wound on his back pulled open again. He should have healed it completely when he'd had the chance, but he'd wanted to save his energy to heal whomever it was that was sick. Obviously, it was a stupid mistake, and now he was trapped again; powerless and weak with blood staining his clothes. His eyes had closed and stuck shut, and everything was hurting. The slightest adjustment of his neck had that cold sting of metal digging into his wound, the trickle of blood trailing down to his collarbone and dripping below the hem of his shirt.
So, it was probably something Dean would have to pry into a little later on when he and Bobby were on
He jolted when the ice cream was crushed against the centre of his chest, recoiling in disgust as Sam ran off laughing.
It was frustrating, and what made it worse was the fact that he could do absolutely nothing to change his lifestyle. Without education – without the ability to do something as simple as to
Dean didn't really remember what happened next, but he had the rugaru twisted in his shadow, slowly compressing each joint and appendage until he felt the bones breaking beneath his hold. Rufus' words were sounding about the room but Dean wasn't listening, watching the rugaru struggle for air and grasping at nothing, Dean's shadow ripping and pulling and forcing it's way past the creature's lips to tear it apart from the inside out.
Dean jerked away from the earpiece quickly, closing his eyes as he took in a ragged breath.
He closed his eyes for several seconds, wearily digging his phone out of his pocket as he tried to concentrate his Grace on his head wound, no matter how futile it was. The lit screen blurred in his vision when he tried to view his phone’s menu and he scowled, forcing himself into a hunched position as he wiped the blood from his brow to clear his line of sight.
," Cas insisted, encouraging Dean's blush to worsen, but he took the comment in stride, confidently meeting Castiel's gaze.
Castiel co-operated with surprising ease, but Dean doubted the guy was going to argue when it would risk waking the rest of the nest. Dean wouldn’t be surprised if him uttering that single word would get their presence noticed, but it didn’t matter. They were gonna get noticed eventually regardless, and if Castiel’s heartbeat was still that elevated, he’d get picked on first. Sending the angel ahead would only risk him getting injured further, and Dean wanted to hold that off for as long as humanly possible.
He'd prefer not to drive where it could be helped. He still didn't actually have a license so he couldn't legally drive on the roads, and if he were to be pulled over for doing something wrong then he'd be in a completely different mess. He doubted he'd get away with simply saying he was self-taught.
"You're looking awfully ... bright."
Bizarrely, after a few seconds, Castiel couldn’t detect Dean in the room anymore, and he spun around suddenly, watching the scattering of ash fall to the cream bedsheets.
"Because he wanted me to hurt Cas, and Cas didn't deserve it," Dean stated, twisting the bedsheet in his hands. "And because he lied to me."
Castiel had already begun to increase his caloric intake slightly since he'd had the opportunity to avoid hunting, but that was mostly so that he could heal as quickly as possible. There was still very much
"Yes, I'm sure," he replied, feeling the touch disappear from his side as the boy let go of the white material.
Regardless, he’d been consuming alcohol for long enough now that he doubted it made too much of a difference anymore. The damage was probably done.
the time. It seemed to be more to do with their situation than anything else because Cas had been kind of okay when they’d talked about something relatively normal, but even the transition to the grocery store had made the guy relax a bit. Well, he was a bit more polite for a start, and he’d been more cooperative in terms of conversation, but the whole mood swing thing wasn’t the reason
"I'll count down from three," Dean whispered, his thumb drawing circles as his hand continued to rest around Castiel's waist. "So close your eyes or something if it makes things easier."
Castiel's head reeled as his feet touched solid ground, feigning a neutral reaction so the boy wouldn't notice just how ill the entire transition made him feel. It had been fine the first few times, but he supposed that was because he’d been expecting it, and after such an abrupt change in scenery, Castiel honestly thought he was going to pass out. It helped that the boy was still holding onto his arm, even if the familiarity the demon was treating him with made him feel more claustrophobic than anything else.
"The only reason I was there in the first place was because dad wanted me to bleed him out," Dean exclaimed hurriedly, keeping his shadow drawn in tight to stop it from flaring with his outburst. "And ... and if you don't believe me about that, I've still got th-this creepy little handbook that dad gave me telling me how to set it up, but I didn't want to do it because
He'd forgotten just how therapeutic it was: pretending he was human.
compared to the overheated unconscious state he was in, and Dean could feel the warmth expand behind his eyes as his mind ran rampant with those thoughts again, his vision going white as his lungs compressed and he found himself choking for air.
But it wasn’t simply the faded scars and evidence of past troubles – it was his features: youthful and feminine, and his eyes; the surprisingly green irises were uncommon for a demon to possess, and they looked so very familiar. It felt odd to want to murder someone who resembled a past colleague or companion – especially since he’d had so very few who were actually convivial.
Castiel reached for his hilt slowly whilst the boy’s back was facing him, the demon walking over to a table a short distance away. Castiel drew his gun from the holder, snapping the safety off as quietly as he could before he took aim.
"Oh," Castiel mumbled, reaching back to collect it in his free hand. "Thank you."
“Okay, please,
And in the story Dean now favoured, the angel gave their core away.
Hell, Dean didn't even know what his situation
"Do you ..." Castiel cleared his throat, reaching into the basket. "Do you want something to eat, Dean?"
So ... maybe he needed to up his game a bit.
Well. There wasn't much he could do about it now. Dean would be fine anyway.
He picked at another thread, his blunt nails cratching at the denim until one of Castiel's hands carefully took hold of Dean's wrist, almost in a form of distraction.
God, his mind was all over the place. There was a familiar fear that settled in the pit of his stomach as the shouts continued from the room next door, but he pushed himself to continue to walk over, knowing full well that he couldn't afford to waste time dwelling on something so minor when the whole situation could be handled in a matter of minutes. Bobby had lost enough blood as it was. Any more and the damage could be irreparable.
He could have sworn ...
But he felt different. He knew he was tired and the illness was still poisoning his body, but things just didn't seem right.
They shouldn’t even be risking something like this if it meant no one could look after Sam. His dad was being fucking ridiculous.
he -"
He knew what was going to happen to him next, and he wasn't going to allow it.
He could feel his chest tighten the longer he looked at, tearing his eyes away the moment his shadow curved up the wall.
Now I've got a ton of work I have to prep for my final art show in a week, seeing as I left the project til last minute, as per usual, but I will be back soon
Especially if his dad hadn't said anything on the matter either. He didn't want John to get even angrier at him for talking about something like that.
"Well, right now I'm here to help you," Castiel began quietly. "A-and Dean hasn't really told me much about what, uhhh, your illness involves, so would you be able to describe it to me?"
Without his shadow to aid him as much as he was used to, walking was definitely a struggle for the first couple of steps. He found himself turning his weapon into a crutch to help him stand, wincing when the steel began to curve beneath his weight. The dirt in the breeze was burning his eyes more than the brightness had before, meaning his perception of everything around him was completely off, but he managed to flit around closer to the rubble with a little bit of guesswork, distracting him from the searing pain in his legs.
And Castiel would likely have to shake out all of the bedding before attempting to sleep later on.
"There's ..."
"I understand that I owe you something of an apology."
dude. Look, I ... I only got a bit stressed out before because Sam never acted up like that, and you weren't exactly ... I mean, you still don't look too great, man, and I don't know if you're gonna get better or worse or what."
Castiel blamed the alcohol on that.
Castiel sighed, smiling. "I told you before: my parents weren't hunters."
"Still annoying me," Castiel interjected, pulling the wipe away from his back carefully. "Still very much annoying me."
"So it was just you and your parents?"
"Angelic bloodlines affect the colour of our irises," Cas began softly, his weight shifting on the mattress as he sat up properly. "My parents didn't like to talk about it much - they didn't like to talk about our heritage at all if it could be helped - but I know I got the blue from my mom and the purple from my dad because that was the colour of their eyes. We basically inherit the most prominent colours from our parents."
Castiel went to sit on the couch, stretching his arms out in front of him. “Not necessarily. I’m not all that tired yet.”
"Yes. I do," Castiel told him, smirking at the confusion written all over Dean's expression. "You can't
what you said, but if I hadn't, we wouldn't have found out about this!"
Castiel was handed his amended contract to evaluate it as best he could, signing the new sheet at the bottom before it was taken away by another demon to be copied. This was far more preferable than sealing the deal with a kiss again, and it actually made Castiel feel a lot more comfortable having a record of employment that couldn't physically be destroyed should anything go amiss.
Dean had checked six bestiaries, and each of them they all claimed the same thing: there was only one symbol to protect against charming, and Dean sure as hell hadn't been told about it.
Not only that, but it would mean another angel would have to suffer in his place. Castiel had it good in comparison to the others in the vicinity, practically free to do whatever he wanted in spite of the poor wealth that assisted this moderate freedom. But still, anything was better than becoming a pet. If he ever found himself in
Castiel’s head reeled and he grasped at Dean’s stained shirt to steady himself, looking up and around him hurriedly to scout out the potential dangers within the room.
And in terms of help, what could Castiel offer?
“Okay.” Castiel reached down beside the bed to retrieve a slim, silver blade from his duffel before it was suddenly being offered for Dean to take. “Show me.”
Whilst a witch's hex could be physically stopped, a charm was different. It seemed like the whole charming aspect was a lot more subtle because it could be controlled and altered through a thought process, allowing angels to manipulate the mind of anyone they meet with something as simple as a touch, or in some cases even eye contact. They didn't need to plant anything on your person. All they needed was to get close for a split second and suddenly you were their fucking bitch.
And if they’d moved around America as quickly as they did, then why the fuck had there been other people in the background?
Castiel took hold of Dean's hand, encouraging him to hold the wipe in place so he could use both hands to prepare the instrument with thread. "I'd feel much better if you stopped talking. I don't want to fuck this up and suffer for it."
"Doesn't that make you childish for starting it in the first place?"
Dean made an odd sort of sound at that, curling in on himself. “You’re so fucking frustrating.”
In addition to healing, angels could also absorb life.
Castiel sighed exasperatedly at the lack of any other form of exit, other than the blocked windows which would take a while to clear, and even then he wasn't sure how
Even when the silence was broken, it wasn’t to speak to Dean. Rufus and Pamela exchanged pleasantries at the door, and then Bobby joined them, but Dean felt too out of place to approach them as a group, standing only when the psychic entered the room and nodded a hello in his general direction.
He covered his face with his palms, letting out an exasperated breath at the first touch of the wipe to one of the gashes, his discomfort worsening when a hand settled on his shoulder to hold him steady. It was beginning to feel like the demon was belittling him through this controlling nature of his, and with the earlier treatment, Castiel was finding the boy's approach more than a little unsettling.
," he hissed, prising it from his flesh and flinging it across the room along with the tweezers.
He sighed, rubbing a hand down his face. There weren't many options for him right now and he'd never been a patient person. He wanted to make sure Sammy was okay, and unless Bobby found out anything whilst arguing with John, Dean wasn't gonna know for a while.
Unless, of course, there was a reason as to why the demon’s father wished him dead; one that had nothing to do with the blood transaction, and if such a thing
Hell, maybe if he'd waited a bit longer before contacting Castiel again he could have slowly convinced Bobby that everything that had happened, happened for the better.
It wasn’t the time to talk about it. Maybe Castiel would talk about his abnormal living conditions and training regime one day, but he honestly didn’t feel up to it now, and he doubted Dean would even be interested if he found out the truth.
He climbed the steps, surprised to find the hatch readily open, and he pulled himself up cautiously, pleased to find no barrier in place to keep him trapped in the basement. There was a faint pressure, quite possibly from an earlier spell cast on the wood, but it didn’t weaken him in any way so he ignored it.
way Dean could help Cas without fucking up his chance of seeing Sam again.
Okay, so in all honesty, he didn't actually know how that would have turned out. Sure, he'd been nervous - and rightly so - but given that he hadn't had a clue what his dad had said in the first place, he'd sort of expected a better reaction.
He waited until Dean had finished using the bathroom patiently, his arms folded across the arm of the settee with his chin resting atop them. The cushions truly were uncomfortable, giving way completely beneath his weight - so much so that Castiel could feel the solid base of the couch under his thighs.
He really needed to stop letting those words echo in his head every fucking five minutes. Cas was gonna be fine.
"You wanna lie down?"
The angel snorted, and Dean looked up again, watching Castiel fill one of the thin plastic bags with apples.
was the right thing to do. He didn’t need sympathies marring his judgment.
It was laughable really: how they quarrelled because they prioritised the other person’s well-being. Castiel didn’t even consider himself a nice person, but Dean’s life seemed to have been on a constant downward spiral since they’d met, and Castiel felt like if he could make even the smallest positive impact, it would be better than nothing.
“I don’t know,” Castiel croaked, dragging the back of his free hand across his cheeks hastily to wipe away the tears that Dean hadn’t even
Well, maybe that could actually be a good thing. Castiel would finally have an excuse to lead a normal life, even if he would be walking around like a beacon the whole time.
"I'm assuming you didn't see anything bad?" Castiel followed up curiously, his heart pounding in his chest no matter how much he tried to relax. It bothered him to think that this child could see what he couldn't - more so at the thought of the few choices he had at his disposal.
“Don’t call me that,” Castiel grimaced. Nicknames were a sign of friendship or mockery, and Castiel wanted neither.
Castiel took a moment to collect his thoughts, even though this was what he had wanted all along. He was currently at a strength where he shouldn't feel scared of such an encounter, but he found himself incredibly nervous now that Crowley had taken control of the situation. Castiel should have made the first move, and he'd fucked up by leaving it as long as he had to get back in contact, but what could he do now? Crowley already knew everything there was to know.
Dean curled up beneath his duvet, pressing his shadow up against the window of the room to keep the sunrise from filtering in. He felt so damn tired and frustrated, and all he wanted was reliable knowledge to drag him out of this confusing mess.
The blade was beautiful, but Castiel wasn't going to let himself be distracted by hollow apologies when he'd much rather a long-lasting bribe.
Dean stared down at his bare feet, at the dark tendrils that nervously coiled around his ankles. "No, dude. I'll call you, okay? So far everything's been charged to your account and it's not fair of me to allow you to pay for everything when we can alternate," he insisted quietly, glancing quickly to the door. "But I'll call at about eight, if that's okay with you?"
Castiel huffed out a laugh. “I think you should stop worrying about me and start worrying about yourself, you bizarre creature.”
"You deserved it. I'm not here for your entertainment," Castiel muttered, pulling the basket closer so he could continue fitting the food inefficiently. He took out the comic book carefully to prevent it from being creased, setting it down on the floor whilst he went about putting the less delicate items in, aware of the boy's continual stare. It didn't really bother him, knowing that his eyes had been bound to catch the child's attention at some point or another. He just didn't understand how it hadn't been noticed earlier on.
Dean actually felt kind of ashamed for forgetting about Cas for such a long period of time, even though they both had their own shit to worry about. The only real difference between them, he supposed, was the fact that Dean could easily escape from his current situation. Cas was stuck with his sickness for God knows how long and being active probably risked making it worse.
Castiel forced himself up onto his elbows no matter how much it pained him, opening his eyes to glare at the boy.
He could see Dean slide lower in his seat from the corner of his eye. “Bobby wasn’t there anyway.”
It felt weird going so long without being in contact with Sam and it did have him worrying a lot. Sammy was still just a kid after all and he was just as disinterested in a life of hunting as Dean was. Given just how much time he'd spent being bedridden, Dean doubted he was all that prepared for replacing Dean on hunts just yet.
"Put a song on for me," the demon requested quietly, and then he was gone, a light dusting of ash falling onto Castiel's clothes as he lingered outside the bar door alone.
“Thank you for that absolutely crushing blow to my self-esteem, Cas.”
The angel went slightly pink, all and any traces of his smile disappearing. "At what point did I say I was okay with it?"
Dean couldn’t say for certain what time it was right now, but given his reluctance to currently move from where he was, he had no real way of checking.
“Now when I move offa you, you’re gonna stay completely quiet – got it?”
Castiel's own body had rejected taking on all of the injuries in a heavily warded environment, and whilst it was highly unlikely that either one of them would die, the wound on Bobby's leg was still raw and open. Castiel was unable to replenish lost blood, but the one saving grace was that the man would definitely be losing blood at a much slower rate. The wound on his leg was nowhere near as bad as the gouges in his stomach, and Castiel had taken that injury on entirely.
"Oh for ..." Dean turned away, pushing both hands through his hair in irritation.
There were lots of things Bobby said to him in confidence.
He stepped away when Castiel still didn’t respond, laying a palm over his open wound to make his positioning less awkward.
That'd make things complicated because he hadn't gotten round to memorising Sam's phone number yet and that was pretty important, what with phoning Sam not really being an option right now. Dean knew it’d be a while before they’d actually be able to have a conversation, but he supposed they could text and stuff until that point. It was far more discrete, even if it was still rather risky. He wouldn’t be surprised if John started monitoring Sam’s phone, or even got rid of it altogether.
bled through his dressing, under any other circumstances the injury would need to have been cleaned.
“Long enough."
Dean may have been super tired, but the more he read of it, the more he actually wanted to pay attention. Surprisingly, it was the first story that actually painted demons as Dean knew them, and the angels were depicted slightly more like Cas. So, maybe Dean was favouring this story because of his hope for the future, but it was also interesting to come across something so bittersweet in Bobby's book collection that didn't portray angels as narcissistic assholes.
Which is why it had bothered him when Cas didn't mention Bobby after the older man had approached them outside the bar. Dean had expected some kind of comment from the angel, and given the way Bobby had been going on, Dean had just assumed that they knew each other.
of a kiss-ass, but enough to nab him the occasional compliment without getting in the guy's way. Without even really talking about it they'd sorted out a weird kind of arrangement: Bobby did breakfast and took Rumsfeld out for walks every so often, and Dean did...
been the one to trap the guy? Dean got that John had given him responsibility for once to make him more impervious to sympathy, but that wasn't what Dean had had in mind when his dad had told him he'd be doing his first solo hunt - especially when that had put Sam's life in his hands!
John cut himself off and Dean could hear the distinct sound of glass being smashed on the other end of the line, his lower lip trembling involuntarily as he tried to plan what he could say.
- he was looking at.
"I took the restraints off because they were hurting you, jackass - not so you could hit me," Dean glowered, loosening his shadow so he didn't injure Castiel further. "And I don't care what it depends on. Explain it all."
Fuck. The more Castiel thought about it, the less inclined he felt to bring the demon along with him. This whole agreement really was a bad idea that would likely lead to one of them getting hurt due to a lack of communication.
He let his shadow touch at the back of Cas’s wrist, somewhat bemused when Castiel didn’t even flinch. Instead, the angel lay his free hand atop the tendril, cupping it in the light of his Grace.
to trust the angel, regardless of what his dad had implied before. Sure, Cas hadn’t exactly been pleasant, and the only reason he’d agreed to help was because he wanted his freedom, but then he’d gone and
“I got no idea,” the older man stated, wiping his hand on his jeans as he straightened up. “Must be some kind of infection.”
The demon set down a couple of things on the floor as he crouched, but Castiel didn't bother to examine them, looking off to the patch of light for comfort. He didn’t even try to break away when the demon cupped his jaw, allowing his head to be raised. There was nothing he could really do to fight it anyway.
Then again, it was definitely something he needed to be more careful of. The whole ordeal with the rabbit had sort of put into perspective just how he might not actually have full control over his Grace right now, and because he wasn't used to having this much free reign, he knew that things like his ability to fly may be affected too.
He swore, glancing down as more of his shadow went to work on the second monster, snapping its jaw clean off in his anger. It went to bite him again despite the injury, encouraging Dean to string the beast up in the air in exactly the same manner he had with the first one, slowly bending each limb the opposite way as it choked on the blood pouring down its throat.
Still, he found Dean’s curiosity rather charming. Although he had no desire to address the topic in the future without being prompted, should Dean continue to express an interest in him in such a way, perhaps he would open himself up for the discussion.
out there that could fully protect him from Castiel’s Grace without disabling it altogether.
Dean swallowed, getting to his feet. "I let him go."
Shouting and begging did nothing to aid him. The demon, though young and injured, hauled him from the ground to return him to the cabin. Castiel could have laughed at the reaction such a child gave when they entered the building, having noticed the fallen beam splintering the floorboards, but the demon continued further inside, digging his nails into Castiel’s thigh whenever he tried to break free as the boy opened up a hatch in the floor, carrying him down to a basement.
Castiel had admittedly been a little jealous of Dean's ability to teleport so simply wherever and whenever he pleased, more so because of how useful it would be on a hunt to avoid danger. He'd overheard people talk in the past about the angels that could phase through objects or the ones who could escape any confinement in a manner similar to Dean's disappearance act. Having such a skill would make him far more worthwhile as a hunter, and it'd eliminate a lot of his fear surrounding going back to work.
Not that that should have been a top priority, but Dean couldn't really help the way he was currently feeling.
Maybe the angels were protected because they were more valuable. From what Dean understood, Cas could do a hell of a lot more than a demon, and as deadly as it was, it was also way more useful. Even Dean's abilities were sub-par in comparison and he doubted that he'd win in a fight against the angel now that he knew what they could do. Not that he'd want to fight an angel again. If he'd known everything Cas was capable of before trying to take him down in the forest, he wouldn't have let Cas anywhere fucking near him.
“Sixteen,” the boy responded swiftly, and Castiel turned his body fully toward the boy, ignoring the drag of cloth over his injuries.
He'd put some distance between them since then, given that he was sat in his underwear and that didn't exactly make it easy to conceal anything.
Well, okay, Tuesday they
Then again, an angel is perfectly capable of lying.
"He didn't have a light around him in my dream! He just looked like a normal human!"
He tucked both hands under the pillow beneath his head, continuing to match Castiel’s breaths as he began to feel less flustered.
At least, it wasn’t
God knows what else was out there.
The main reason as to why he hadn't spoken without a prompt was because he hadn't wanted to mention abilities that the demon wouldn't have found interesting, and like with his eyes, he'd thought the response he'd receive would only be one of torment.
"So you basically just want me to talk, and then you'll ask about them afterwards? Is that right?"
He couldn't exactly just walk past without saying
"So I'm guessing you didn't try out the barrier thing then?"
It was rare for Dean to have a bad night’s sleep. He wasn’t necessarily a light sleeper, but there were only a few nights a year that Dean found himself lying awake for hours, over-thinking to no end. His thoughts usually revolved around upcoming hunts or arguments with his immediate family.
He watched when the boy doubled over from the impact of the drawer to his hip, not bothering to hide his amusement upon seeing the expression on the boy’s face. There was nothing wrong with the treatment. Castiel simply wanted space, something he was entitled to. He merely hadn’t anticipated the boy to be as perpetually irritating as he was.
Dean shrugged as he started toward the basement hatch, tugging the chain to get Castiel following behind.
sleeping, Castiel?"
Castiel toyed with one of the onions that had been brutally dropped from the basket, absent-mindedly searching the vegetable for damage. “I don’t mind. I’ll eat anything.”
Whilst he had movies and comics upstairs he could occupy his time with, he really wasn't in the mood. He didn't even think he could concentrate properly on that sort of stuff right now, even if it was intended as a distraction. No, there was too much going on in his head for him to try and find the energy to enjoy anything really.
"I woke up about two hours ago," Castiel informed him. "Getting back to sleep has always been difficult."
He twisted the cap cautiously, wincing when the metal of his cuffs dug into the tender skin as he broke the seal and removed the lid. He took a large swig from the bottle, downing half of it in one go. It mightn’t be able to satisfy his hunger, but his throat was dry enough as it was from shouting earlier on in the day, and this was actually quite refreshing in spite of its tepid temperature.
Dean sat close beside him on the cushions, his expression softening despite the blatant panic in his eyes. “You’re safe here, Cas. Don’t worry.”
Although, if the child was in fact innocent, he probably would have told Castiel of his intentions already. It was beginning to scare him: the prospect of being murdered in the name of something illegal, no matter what the cause. Castiel didn’t deserve to die – he was good at what he did, and he always did his job to the best of his ability, so why …
Dean didn’t care how high his phone bill would be at the end of this whole thing so long as he could make sure the angel was actually healed. He was sure he could find a way to pay it off somehow.
," the angel stressed, setting the metal basket down on the floor. "Just for a moment."
"I don't know."
Or he could borrow Bobby’s phone every once in a while and help him out on hunts to make up for it. At least then he wouldn’t risk having his cell number cancelled.
He hadn’t intended to voice such a specific detail.
There was one demon barring the entrance that led to Crowley's office when Castiel reached the end of the corridor, but Castiel apparently didn't have to say anything to get past. The demon stepping to the side almost immediately after they locked eyes, using its shadow to push open the thick steel doors on his behalf.
Dean paused for a moment, letting his eyes close and his brow furrow as he attempted to summon the words he should have voiced two evenings ago.
But no one wanted to associate with an angel, especially if it meant preserving an angel's life.
“I-I don’t know! My shadow can’t pick up on the exact species, but it might be some sort of ghost?”
“Have I met with him before?” He queried, his gaze fixated on the boy’s features. “Or you. Have I met with either of you before?”
"Cordite. Far cheaper, and depending on the gun I make the bullet for, I don't have to use much at all," Castiel stated, stretching his arms above his head and yawning. His eyes closed for a moment, almost like he'd forgotten Dean was even there as he tipped his head toward the ceiling, but then his arms were falling back to his sides and he was scratching at his jaw with his left hand. "And in terms of primers, I can only make Berdan. Boxer primers completely destroy the ice, but the Berdan only crack it a little."
He put the bowl to the side, casting a quick glance to his phone on the couch before laying back on the cold stone floor. He couldn't remember the last time he felt so out of place.
He still didn't drink that often
Dean. That wasn't the issue.
That seemed to happen a lot.
with me; but he's a smart, albeit cruel man, and his Daeva will be observing me the second I get to that location. It's not worth the risk."
And it was nothing like healing Sam.
Castiel cracked a smile as he shoved at the boy’s head again. “Just go away.”
He’d been thinking a lot about how he could even attempt damage control for something like this - so used to his dad cleaning up most of his messes for him - but then Castiel had shifted beside him and Dean’s mind went fucking
"Go get the medical kit, you moron," Castiel muttered, shoving him again. "You'll end up having to go to a hospital if you leave it like that."
There'd been a couple of occasions during the past week where Bobby had come in and 'overseen' the cooking, and at first Dean thought it was because the older man didn't trust him to use the sharp knives and the gas lighter, but then after he burnt the pasta on Thursday he sorta understood the concern.
But the fact that John had chosen Castiel for the bleeding process and hadn’t mentioned the previous hunt even
alive, did that mean she was also behind the bleeding ideal, or did she not know?
Castiel shifted a little, glancing down at his feet in spite of his poor vision. "Alright."
It was another ten minutes before Bobby contacted him again, sounding even more drained than he had previously. Dean did feel an enormous amount of guilt for dragging him into this mess, and for putting a strain on his and Rufus’s relationship, but he could find a way to both apologise and thank him properly later.
Castiel was quiet for a moment as Dean rolled onto his side, cradling his phone to his ear and staring up at the ceiling as he waited for a reply. This was the third time he'd shifted the topic to that of Castiel's current state because it was pretty fucking obvious the guy was tired. He was practically yawning his way through every sentence, and yeah; maybe he claimed to have trouble sleeping and stuff, but that didn't mean he couldn't
And like
"You don't need to keep apologising. I get it. You're forgiven."
"How do you know that?" Castiel asked coldly. "Why would I fuck up the one chance I have at freedom by ending your life?"
Dean rolled his eyes. “You literally have the power to move shit with your mind.”
Dean laughed. "If you say so, old man."
"Ummm, can we actually talk about earlier? And everything else actually. I realise heading out like that was really inconsiderate and I ... I'm really sorry," Dean offered, loitering in the doorway as he watched Bobby busy himself making tea.
"I feel
He’d tried speaking to him a couple of times already. Nothing had produced a reaction.
"That's it?"
"We need to get you out of here."
It had gotten dark by the time Dean heard anything back from Bobby. He hadn’t actually expected a reply if he was being completely honest, given that he’d effectively taken advantage of Bobby’s potentially drugged-up state, pressing the issue until the older man had told him ‘he’d consider it’. Dean hadn’t had high hopes at
Castiel pursed his lips, pulling his side of the comforter up higher over himself as his gaze was drawn to Dean again. “Almost 23.”
"Sorry. Sorry," Dean rushed out, getting to his feet as soon as their eyes met.
wasn't helping Dean's situation.
Dean frowned, gently trying to guide Castiel toward the back door. "It's fine. You'll be outside in a minute, it won't affect you anymore."
However, he found himself short of energy sooner than he expected, and he lagged throughout the latter part of his journey to Broken Bow. He'd known to expect something like this, having not flown so far in a single day before, so when he skidded into the town of Valentine he sat for a moment to catch his breath, his duffel draped over his lap.
Castiel pressed call without much thought, bringing the phone up to his ear, listening to the few rings that followed. He couldn't help but smile when the call picked up and a timid 'hello?' was murmured into the mouthpiece.
“Sorry, I just … I haven’t seen my halo in years,” Cas informed him, dropping down onto the mattress. “Actually feels fucking bizarre to see it now,” he continued with a laugh.
He shrunk in on himself, his shadow involuntarily splaying up the window pane and across the couch as he tried to concentrate on the book before him.
He hadn’t minded so much before at the motel, but now there were two humans who could be hurt by Castiel’s energy if his Grace flared again, and Dean didn’t need to give them another reason to hate Cas more than they already did.
Dean's thoughts came to an abrupt halt when what looked like black tar was projected from Castiel's mouth into the toilet bowl, the angel crying out in agony; his knuckles turning white from holding the seat before he was chucking up again. Dean could feel his chest clench, crouching down beside the angel to rub his hand up and down Cas's back, trying to make him feel at least a little more at ease. He timidly reached for Castiel's nearest hand, knowing that it wasn't a pleasant experience for anyone - especially when it looked as fucking bad as
But then again, wasn't that a summary of any demonic spawn? Cruel liars who loved nothing more than to watch others suffer? He had never trusted the boy in the first place, merely surprised by the out of character actions the child had so poorly attempted just the evening before, and he hated how ridiculous it was to want to trust the demon, purely because of his age.
Of course, Castiel meant no disrespect by that, and he hoped Dean knew as much. He'd made sure to state his reasons in the least inoffensive way possible several times now.
“Fuck, fuck,
to have seen such a characteristic in Castiel, but it was somewhat irritating to know that the demon was purposely looking for more ways in which he could compare them. He knew that was the sole reason behind the child wanting to know of his powers, but he doubted many matches could be made between himself and a fictional character given that this Psylocke's abilities seemed to relate back to her utterly original name.
because his energy levels had certainly increased to the point where he was sure such a talent would have been useful. But then there was that slight reminder that it would actually be far too cruel to leave at this point, more so when he took into account just how well the boy was treating him. He'd honestly thought that this was all just some act that would fade if Castiel had continued to be unresponsive, but he'd tried that earlier and the boy had kept on walking around with a stupid smile on his face, talking to him as if Castiel had been asking him all sorts of questions anyway.
Castiel was lying on his back, staring straight at him with a look of pure discomfort on his face. Dean didn’t really blame him, what with the presumably large injury on his back that had made him practically gush blood earlier on. Dean wasn’t sure how it was right now, but he wasn’t gonna ask yet. Castiel’s gaze wasn’t exactly inviting.
reaction. He'd thought Cas would remain just as calm as he had the few seconds before, whilst he explained why his eyes changed fucking
Castiel was a little offended by Dean’s comments, but the boy wasn’t exactly wrong, and he found his face warming when he realised he was actually embarrassed to have Dean bring it up.
It wasn't all that drastic. He was used to using a fake name when he took on certain cases, but given recent events, he wanted to stay off the radar for a while.
“Fucking better have been CPR.”
“I’m hurt, Cas. I worked real hard on those.”
The demon kept quiet, and Castiel got on with aiding himself. He cut the bandage so it could be secured and tied against his waist, twisting it in with the tightly wound material so it would be easy to remove later, before throwing the scissors and excess bandage back in the box, sitting back and frowning down at his hands. He didn't have a clue what he was doing anymore, unsure of how to proceed around the child. The boy seemed friendly enough, even if he was somewhat clingy and utterly irritating, and Castiel still didn't know why the demon was choosing to treat him so fairly when he could have quite easily kept him locked down in the basement until he was needed. Obviously he was aware that the child seemed to have some issues with being alone, otherwise he wouldn't be calling upon Castiel for company, but he hadn't ever thought a demon would
Bobby didn’t respond straight away, pouring himself another drink as he seemed to think the question over.
"I hope you sleep okay. I mean, I hope you don't have any more of those nightmares tonight."
the energy that buzzed through the angel's veins. Obviously, the demon in the story had died because of it, but it didn't say whether or not that was down to actually handling it, or being traded it through a bond.
He stepped out into the sunlight quietly, watching the creature scrabble at the side of the pit in an attempt to free itself; the foliage he'd used to conceal the hole had collapsed in and pinned the rabbit in a slight pool of water, and it did pull at Castiel's heartstrings to see just how frantic the creature had become.
said you thought I was a capable hunter. I can look after myself just fine.”
The good news about this whole ordeal though was that a charm could only be instigated in close proximity, meaning that they could technically have a phone call and neither he nor Bobby could be influenced by anything Cas had to say. That was a decent start, and Bobby couldn't really object to something that literally couldn't hurt either of them.
"Don't fucking touch him!"
, and they sure as hell don't get a hard-on if a thought like that accidentally makes itself known.
The thought of his recurring dream wasn't even off-putting right now, no matter how terrifying it could often be. Sleep was all he had, understanding that it would at least get him through another day.
"There a storm where you are or something?" Cas asked.
do you know if Sam's healed or not?!" John exploded, striding forward to grab Dean by the front of his shirt. "You let a fucking angel near him and you have
In a way, he was somewhat relieved. The demon would become his only chance of escape if he couldn’t find some other method to go about it, and he knew his Grace would prove to be ineffective against the flames so there was no point wasting energy on something that would be so very fruitless.
God, he was exhausted.
"Your sense of humour really is something else," Cas commented dryly, smiling all the same as he stopped covering his eyes, looking down to the jukebox again.
“But it’s
that we know better. This Castiel is not someone you should be gettin' all chummy with."
"Oh my
Dean grinned, sitting down beside him and reaching across to flick forward a couple more pages. "But where else would he keep all his weapon-y stuff. Plus it's got like demonic powers, so you know. It's kind of helpful."
was his goodbye and he couldn't even do it properly!
He raised a hand to pull the fabric away from the skin, grimacing a little at how clingy it was. He didn't really understand why it had started bleeding
“Give me two seconds. I’ll do a sweep and keep a track of them all.”
But that was another person Dean couldn't ask, no matter how much he wanted to.
Of course, that guilt vanished whenever he found his traps destroyed and empty, but Castiel hadn't had an incident like that happen in almost a year. He hoped he'd been fortunate enough to avoid having it happen to him again this time around, but he wasn't about to start digging out traps on a more regular basis to make up for the losses, no matter how nice it'd be to have some more variation in his diet.
practising."
It still infuriated him that he hadn’t been given any evidence relating to things Cas had done himself, apart from freaking out at one of Bobby’s friends.
Castiel had made his decision, and he was going to stand by it.
He hummed in response, cocking his head to the side as the demon began to fumble a little. "The majority do. It's rare for a demon to meet me and not pass a comment on what I am, or what my use
Dean watched on cautiously. "What kind of hunt?"
“Can I actually borrow you for a sec?”
But instead, he kept his mouth shut, attempting to straighten out his frown before he was being shoved to the side, his hip slamming against the wood of the nightstand.
maybe I'd shut up."
"Yeah, don't worry, Ellen, I don't plan on stealing her soul. Just her heart." He winked, jumping off the stool when Jo went to backhand him in the chest. She'd gone bright pink in the face and it made him feel a hell of a lot better about the whole situation.
Castiel didn't even know why he was caring about something so insignificant. The demon had asked him to talk of his powers as a whole initially, and Castiel had no problem with discussing them. If anything, it would make him seem more intimidating than his 'young appearance' apparently provided, and he could do with a little more control at this point in time. There wasn't as much of a problem with the way the boy was treating him anymore, but he still didn't know what to expect. The demon was definitely being kinder, and Castiel felt more at ease than he'd been since they'd met, yet that additional dominance would let him actually
Castiel pressed his tongue to the inside of his cheek as he thought it over, wondering what exactly he could start with. Considering it now, there were lots of things - minor things - that he used more often than not to aid his life daily without even thinking about it, but he didn't know whether the boy would enjoy hearing about his ability to change temperature or manipulate the woodland. He knew that the demon wanted to hear about powers similar to those in the comics: bizarre and destructive, not dreary control over nature.
And yes, maybe trying to fall asleep was a challenge in itself, but over the past few days he'd found it far easier to succumb to the nightmare. Not only that, but he was also both physically and mentally exhausted. Sleep would definitely benefit in some way or another.
"'Buy', or steal?" Castiel asked teasingly, laughing when Dean elbowed him in the ribs.
fucking scared him. It probably wouldn't be worth getting himself killed over something as stupid as a joke.
“Dean,” he said softly, leaning closer as the boy seemed to draw in a long breath. “Are you awake?”
He slammed the bedroom door behind him once he was inside, scanning the bedside table for his phone as he went to pick up his duffel from the floor. He wiped the tears from his eyes, crouching to the ground to look under his bed, tugging out the charger and moving old shoeboxes out of the way to get a better look. He definitely hadn't taken his phone down with him for breakfast, knowing exactly how Bobby felt about having technology at the kitchen table, but he was pretty sure he'd left it on the side after he'd switched his alarms off.
The demon wore an expression of absolute bewilderment, his mouth opening and closing silently as he seemingly tried to structure a sentence together in his mind. “You … you don’t research at all?”
The angel didn’t seem too thrilled by being held back by shadow though, taking a full three steps back to untangle himself with a confused expression on his face.
So he was happy to wait instead of striking up needless arguments with the other two men in his company.
Fantastic.
Dean let his head lull back in annoyance but he didn't bother turning back around to face Bobby again. He didn't want to stay downstairs much longer at all if he could help it.
Castiel had held back, not because he was weak, but because he wanted to, right? Like if this whole thing was about being too weak to defend himself, then why did Cas offer further help, because to begin with it was obvious the angel just wanted to get away from him as much as possible. Dean sure as hell didn't make things easy for him.
"If you agree not to harass me like you did before."
“Right,” Castiel mumbled, pushing the hair from his face. “Does it make more sense to clear the third floor or the first next…”
Dean looked up immediately when Castiel re-entered the room, the angel's expression still unexpectedly bleak. If Dean didn't know any better, he'd actually say Castiel looked fairly pissed off.
“In what way are we even similar?” Castiel called over his shoulder, and Dean cleared his throat, glancing up again so he wasn't left behind.
"Yes, Dean."
He backed out of the room as quickly as he'd entered, rushing up the stairs again to grab the medical kit, before returning to the cold room where Castiel was watching him with wide eyes; shuffling back until he was pressed to the granite wall with his knees up to his chin, what Dean could only assume was a prayer leaving the angels lips as the slight whisper danced through the air.
Castiel nodded in acknowledgement, looking down to the bandage as he wrapped it around himself, careful with the positioning over his back. He could hear the footsteps as the boy walked over to the doorway, glancing up when they came to an abrupt stop to find the boy lingering at the bottom of the stairwell, his head hung low like it had when the demon had stalled in such a way in the past.
"Really?" Castiel inquired, raising an eyebrow. "Does that mean I won't be asked as many questions?"
Honestly, it was like no matter what happened, it wouldn't work out in Dean's favour.
have let his guard down a bit during their last couple of conversations so, hopefully, all the research would do is make Dean a little more cautious, just in case they ended up having a falling out or something along those lines.
“He is
Dean drew the shirt up higher to expose the gouges fully, staring down at the purple scar tissue that had warped caverns into Castiel’s abdomen. The lacerations clearly hadn’t sewn together properly, and a couple of sections actually looked so weakly repaired that Dean didn’t know if he was looking directly at Cas’s organs through the thin layers of tissue or if it had just healed with such stark differences in thickness.
Dean smiled bitterly, hating where his thoughts were headed. "A-actually, we kinda did," Dean huffed, his hands tightening around the chains attached to the swing seat. "Cas didn't really, uhhh ... he's pretty heavy-handed."
When Dean had asked the angel about his powers, if he'd been charmed already he doubted Castiel would talk to him about anything like that in case it screwed up the effects or something. It was possible, and Dean didn't intend on ruling it out completely; Castiel could have been affecting him from the get-go, but he just might not have used an ability like that for anything cruel.
echoed through his mind, twining doubt with his thoughts. He didn't want Dean to spend too long on his own if he'd fare in the same manner as earlier, but he also didn't particularly want to spend his evening babysitting when he desperately needed rest. Yes, it was selfish. Yes, he wanted Dean to be safe; but Dean was still a demon. Castiel didn't know if the boy's father would make him retell the happenings from the past few days and Castiel sure as hell didn't want his home location to be something that Dean shared, no matter how much Castiel did want to trust him.
"Dean?"
Dean definitely wanted to make the most of these next few minutes before Bobby or Rufus started up the man-hunt.
"I have not!" Dean argued, shoving at the kid. "I'm only answering your stupid questions!"
He began to pick at the label on his beer bottle to occupy his hands. "Did your uncle say why he didn't want you talking to me?" Castiel queried, feeling somewhat guilty about taking the conversation down a different route without attempting to humour the boy, but he wanted to know how careful he needed to be.
Castiel stared at Dean in confusion, narrowing his eyes. "What do you mean, 'charitable'?"
The demon cleared his throat. "Do you, uhhh, want a clean shirt or anything? That thing's covered in blood, dude. It's pretty gross."
But not tonight. Tonight all Dean could think about was the arm that had draped over his waist about a half-hour ago, and the warm breaths that drifted against the nape of his neck.
The demon sighed. "Because the motel I chose sucks and I can't sleep with this much noise outside my damn window."
"Well, not exactly. No."
Dean glared at the angel, frowning when Castiel turned his attention to the fruit on display instead. He doubted that it had been an accident, but he didn’t exactly want to start an argument when there were other people shopping around them. And anyway, he was sick of arguing with the guy. He liked this sort of civil atmosphere they’d managed to create, even if Castiel was still somewhat unresponsive when he didn’t care for the topic of conversation. Dean was trying though; still unsure of what boundaries they had in place in terms of what he could address. But yeah: he definitely didn’t want to end up pissing Castiel off again.
Unless it was a demon deal.
Dean couldn’t even fucking describe it. He’d still been wearing his ring with all the complex warding on, but as soon as Castiel had gone out of his way to interact with the shadow in that way specifically, there was this weird fucking tingling feeling that shot up the base of his spine. It didn’t necessarily
In the photo, mini-Castiel was sandwiched between a man and a woman who Dean could only assume were his parents, a grey kitten in his hands, and big, tender smiles on all their faces. Dean would have been able to tell it was Cas even if he hadn’t noticed the purple in his eyes, but it was admittedly kinda weird to see him
He got to his feet, concealing himself in shadow as he travelled to one of his usual go-to grocery stores. The facilities at the motel weren't ideal, but Dean remembered that Cas liked his salad and healthy shit so if anything that made the whole trip a hell of a lot easier.
didn't want to start stressing about the fact that Cas might have actually wanted to do something like that to him in the first place.
Castiel practically radiated calmness - even in his current state - and Dean would have happily spent the rest of the night just standing next to the guy in silence if it meant he could continue to feel this damn relaxed.
All of this was because of the history between their kinds.
Dean grinned, shrugging. "You gonna be honest with me?"
Dean had also misplaced his lighter, so he felt like he was doing the environment a favour in a roundabout way.
He made sure the trap door was sealed with a spell, ensuring that Castiel would stay in the basement until Dean had devised some kind of plan – a better plan – that maybe ended with him being allowed to stay with Sam. Going against John’s orders was hardly a great idea, and Dean had
Dean could feel his throat go dry as Bobby shouted even more down the line - incomprehensible shit that couldn't drown out the sound of Rufus' screaming in the background -  and he let the phone fall from his hand as he lunged forward to grab the yellow post-it from the table, not even thinking about brandishing himself with a weapon before he was suddenly outside the house listed in the address. His shadow spread out over the concrete as far as it could, trying to find the nearest source of life possible; but at the sound of another scream, Dean was instantly in the house, his shadow hitting the wood flooring hard when he spotted the rugaru across the room, tearing into Bobby's leg.
"Wait, wait - you're seriously gonna show me?"
"What the hell's that supposed to mean?" He asked sharply, letting the swing come to a stop.
"What was that? You think I'm cute?"
"Too late," Castiel replied, chucking him under the chin before flopping beside him on the mattress, laying back. "You're in a shittier place than I am at the moment and I'm gonna try my best to make it easier for you."
Castiel was rather hesitant to wake him, and he sat on the edge of the bed for a few minutes with his hands in his lap, watching the shadow twist languidly over the exposed bedsheets as Dean remained face-down in the pillows. He had moved the boy a few hours earlier after Dean had fallen asleep for the second time, having had to pick him up and lay him in the centre of the bed, backing out of the motel room completely to eventually break free of the shadow’s hold without peeling it away from himself. Given what Dean had said earlier, Castiel would not be intentionally interacting with the tendrils again.
But the anger he had channelled into prompting him to make the call began to twine with nervousness, and he could feel his resolve shamefully weaken with every ring.
It wasn't necessarily uncomfortable, but Dean wished there was at least a little bit of background noise. Even Rumsfeld had kept quiet outside, being the terrible guard dog he was.
He turned his attention to Castiel again when his face felt less hot; desperately trying to ignore the way Sam continued to stare across at them. It’d be less weird if the kid actually
It wasn’t that he didn’t know how to operate a stove, but he felt a lot more comfortable managing a natural resource over something that he could not manipulate with his abilities. Castiel would rather eat his ingredients raw than risk rendering his meal inedible altogether.
“That wasn’t an answer,” Castiel stated with a little more confidence, reminding himself that he was talking to a
Dean's thoughts surrounding the whole thing were a mess.
“H-hi, Bobby. It’s Dean.”
“Please can you and Rufus leave the room?”
Pamela had seemed nice enough when she’d visited them a few months ago to do a reading. She was good with all that energy-reading kind of shit. Obviously, she hadn’t been able to read a damn thing when she’d examined Sam, but that had also gone for every other psychic they’d employed, so whilst he hadn’t exactly witnessed her supposed skill, he didn’t want to jump to conclusions.
He was beginning to see why Bobby had been as concerned as he was, given that Castiel could potentially have had access to everything in his head. Not that Dean
He might not have much sexual experience, but he was pretty damn sure that he preferred girls. Not that it really made any difference because he'd never done much more than simply kissing with anyone, but that wasn't the fucking point. Liking Cas was more than just liking a guy, and it wasn't just because he was also an angel. Cas was older. Like ... shit, Dean didn't even know; but the fact that Cas thought of him as a 'child' was practically all Dean needed to understand that this was really, really stupid, and that his brain was incredibly fucked up.
(See the end of the chapter for
"My ... my uncle's dog knocked me down earlier," Dean started, his face burning hotter. "He's, uhhh ... he's sorta big and I wasn't really ... yeah."
This child was becoming more and more difficult to understand; his personality seemed to alter too often and Castiel was finding him to be a rather frustrating case. One moment the boy was rubbing his face in the dirt, the next he was attempting comfort.
The corpse was a struggle to lift in his weakened state, but he managed to haul it over his shoulder before his strength depleted too much, walking haphazardly back over to the nearest dumpster to dispose of the body.
knowing that he needed to save the majority of his wealth for things that were actually beneficial. Well, alcohol was beneficial sometimes - especially when things had been particularly difficult - but that usually resulted in him drinking to excess and waking up in the bed of a stranger.
"May I ask you a question?"
they are.”
Fuck. He didn't even
“You think I should clean it up a bit?” Dean queried, but the older man shook his head.
“I’ll … I’ll be back in a minute, Cas,” the demon assured him.
It was complicated, to say the least.
He still didn’t want to tire himself out as much as he had done the day prior.
The angel laughed again, his cheeks slightly dusted with pink. "Yeah, you should
Castiel seemed to stall, throwing Dean a look of worry over his shoulder. His brow was furrowed and his lips were parted as if he were about to speak, but Dean simply nodded his head upwards to tell the angel to move along, resting a palm on the small of Cas’s back to prompt him forward.
look like you need to get to a hospital too, Cas," the demon griped. "Plus, you literally just told me not to leave this room!"
That being said, Dean really wanted something to do.
If that was even possible anyway.
Dean had a lot of doubt in his mind right now, but he wasn’t about to let them talk shit about Castiel when he hadn’t even had the chance to hear the angel’s side of things. He didn't necessarily want to bring it up, but if there was a tie to their families, he'd prefer to establish that as discreetly as possible so he could cut off ties before anyone in his family got hurt.
Dean recoiled with a cry, toppling backwards onto his ass as the agonizing heat drummed up his forearm. He looked down at his seared fingertips, finding himself unable to breathe properly as he struggled back into a kneeling position.
Repeat.
"Do you know when this happens exactly?" Dean asked, trying to keep the smile from his voice as he dropped his forehead to his arms once more.
He continued to stare at the demon’s eyes, wondering what kind of defect was the reason behind the colour, and how they got to the exact shade Castiel had been dreaming of.
It was rare for him to ever find anything, but most of that was down to his laziness. He'd stopped exploring the area months back, laying traps in the same place so that he could focus on his job more than he could scavenging.
Obviously, Bobby had had to have known a little bit about Cas to have been as forward as he was with his accusations, but Dean doubted it was from first-hand experience. Again, he probably placed it all down to his dad's shit stirring to win the older man over to his side.
As close as Dean was to Bobby, he doubted his word would be reliable enough to counter his dad's.
these ... these feelings weren't the fucking 'friend' kind!
That wasn't what Castiel was hoping to hear, but he found himself responding without much thought regardless. "I'm at the Arison Motel, room 6."  He shut his mouth abruptly, looking to the floor. "It's actually ..." He cleared his throat, trying for a softer tone. "It's actually just outside the town I ran into you at the other day."
That thought wasn't going to keep him from doing it anyway, just in case. He didn't know the next time he'd have a shortage of supplies, or if he'd ever be subjected to another trap where he'd have limited abilities available to him.
What he did know, however, was that Cas would be better off actually eating something to keep his energy up, because Dean didn't exactly want to turn up at the motel tomorrow with Castiel in a run-down state - especially if it meant the care Sam received wasn't as best as it could be.
It was shameful really: that after so many years without a companion of the sort, he was unable to place names to faces. He could remember the two entities separately, matching them to a personality of sorts, but when it came to recalling exactly who they were and what they had helped him with specifically, it became rather complex.
"Now, please," the angel continued, placing his hand beside the wound. "Stay quiet."
“But you said, uhhh … you said you don’t usually let people near you, and –”
Castiel hated relying on others, and in the grand scheme of things, he definitely shouldn't have been relying on Dean. It was hindering his ability to make decisions, and once more he found himself trapped because he'd trusted all too easily.
Although Dean didn't seem to mind physical contact so long as he was only using his shadow, and Castiel was doing his best to ignore the dark tendrils that continued to gently wind round his calves. He left it a moment more before stepping out of the twisting mass and around the boy awkwardly to get to the sink, distractedly running his eyes over the many things that Dean had brought back from the grocery store for him. He was
"What the hell did you do to me?!" Castiel shouted, pushing to the side so the boy couldn't use him as a Goddamn
it had been a pain tracking them all down even with Rufus helping them out. Dean had never worked with him before so he'd been kinda uncomfortable taking orders from someone he didn't really know, but Bobby trusted him so Dean didn't exactly want to act out and be difficult after everything that had happened recently.
“All you had to do was throw a bit of warding on him and he would have been fine!” Dean argued. “You wouldn’t have ignored him if he was a human!”
But he had things to do, and as much as he'd have liked to stay pretending like he'd already done all he should have for the day, he was hungry and didn't want his strength to deplete.
"No, I don't wanna ... don't think about that, Cas," Dean muttered, walking past to get to the storeroom, keeping his focus trained on the new contact details inputted to his phone.
It wasn’t simply a case of saying that this was just a coincidence, because although there were many shades of that colour, Castiel had dreamt of
“And you’re definitely sure you’re not a little bit psychic?” He asked with all seriousness, slightly taken aback when Castiel snorted with laughter.
Because he wasn't ready to believe that someone who'd shown so much concern, would also choose to cause so much unnecessary pain.
"I don't understand. Am I meant to hear that as an insult or a compliment?"
Dean knew that. He knew that Castiel wasn’t a pet or an animal; a creature no different to what Dean was himself. He knew this and yet he did what his dad would have done. He behaved in the same way John had
"Good," Dean voiced, watching as Sam shuffled back along the mattress, his face lighting up when he outstretched his arms, almost like he'd been too distracted to notice his better health before. "I'll be back in a couple of minutes, alright?"
He pushed himself up onto his palms, reaching across to grab his cellphone from the ledge beside his bed. It was definitely too late to call, but he could send a message to at least reassure Dean that he was welcome to talk whenever he so desired.
The phone was bundled in Dean’s shadow within seconds after it had swept across the top of the kitchenette counter, knocking all sorts of shit on the floor in the process. Castiel clearly wasn’t impressed, making some sort of tutting noise as something bounced across the carpet, but he plucked the phone from Dean’s shadow as soon as it was close enough, tapping one of the buttons on his ancient-looking Nokia brick.
But it was still cruel. The incident may not have been damaging enough to make the man appear terribly insane, but it would still affect him mentally, even if it wasn't long-term. It wasn't fair for the boy to go around traumatizing people like that, and Castiel didn't even know why he himself found it amusing.
And because the kid hadn't tried to molest him in any way, shape or form afterwards.
Sure; Dean had been difficult recently, and Bobby had always prioritised his safety, but Bobby wasn't his dad. He didn't really have the right to go trapping him in a house just because they didn't have the same views - and Dean would never hurt the man! He wasn't a threat to Bobby at all!
Castiel dropped his head lower so his temple rested against his forearm, letting his smile falter gradually as he let himself relax. "You mean my powers."
And he didn't want that. He wanted to believe Castiel was good and honest, and different.
And he was terrified to talk to Bobby.
"Ummmm, I dunno," the boy replied, and Castiel could sense Dean's movements behind him, subtle vibrations carrying through the shadow. “Are you hungry?”
Of course, he didn't want to risk having another incident here. His Grace was solely for show today.
Dean swallowed thickly as he found himself nodding. “Y-yeah, I understand.”
Because he was a fucking idiot.
“Christ, Dean! Don’t scare me like that!” He blurted, picking the brush up again and rinsing it momentarily under the tap.
Dean didn’t want to end up putting the guy out of work.
Dean backed away at that, trusting that Pamela would let them know if she did figure something out.
“But,
“I get that you’re pissed at me, and you have every right to be, but I need you to cooperate with me here.”
But not, like, human life. Plants and shit. They sat in fields and spent afternoons growing trees and flowers all over the place. Dean could think of much better ways to spend time on earth, but each to their own.
He sat on the edge of the couch timidly, placing his hand on the older man's nearest wrist. As much as it was affecting him, he didn't want to cause a fuss by mentioning the warding restricting his strength, even if it would prolong the healing period for more time than necessary. It was obvious that Dean was distressed, and Castiel didn't want to risk making the kid even more upset by complaining instead of helping, especially when it could worsen Bobby's chances of remaining alive.
Dean shook Castiel’s shoulder abruptly because he couldn’t do anything to help with Cas unconscious, more so when he didn’t have the angel’s permission to actually touch the wound.
He wished he could be there to make sure Sam was safe.
It was no easier today than it was back then, but Castiel had a higher respect for the animals he killed than he did the creatures on a hunt. He also made sure to use everything available to him so that nothing would be wasted, and of course, it helped with his guilt slightly knowing that he'd given the animal a death as painless as possible.
He tended not to dwell on it too much, understanding that they would have most likely forgotten him. He was nothing special.
"In my defence, I didn't expect it to affect me like this after I'd healed myself of all the others issues."
Considering the guy had grown up human, it had confused Dean at the time. He hadn't wanted to make Cas upset or anything by asking about his family life to figure out why he'd been so segregated from something so integral, but Dean had honestly never met anyone that hadn't used fucking Google before. It was so fucking weird.
There was something oddly charming about the way he looked, and it had Castiel biting down on the inside of his cheeks to repress the smile that pulled at his lips in return, glancing out the window. He didn’t need to look twice to notice the delight in the demon’s eyes from garnering such a reaction, so he pointedly avoided eye contact, running his thumb over the back of his left wrist as he tried to ignore the nervous heat that twisted in his stomach.
"Do you want me to leave you alone now so you can continue meditating or whatever it was you were doing before?"
This would be so much less stressful if Cas was human.
Castiel didn’t move straight away, standing close at Dean’s side as his blue eyes analysed the room they’d landed in. Dean didn’t even realise he was still holding onto the angel until Cas took the smallest step forward, testing the floorboards with his weight. Dean didn’t particularly want to let go, and he found himself moving with the angel as his grip went slack, casting out his shadow across the floor for them to walk across soundlessly instead.
Or even just before they parted ways today because future conversations weren't exactly a guarantee - and Castiel had offered for Dean's benefit, not for his own.
- so valuable, even if it wasn't theirs to begin with.
Dean couldn't help the strangled sound that escaped his mouth, grinding his fingertips over the top of his head as his shadow twisted tighter around his calves. He was on the verge of hysteria, trembling with anger and confusion; whilst Bobby sat calmly across the room, sipping his fucking tea and reading his fucking book again.
"Did you actually ... you know?" Sam giggled, slumping forward slightly. "Have to
the healing would take place. A day was hardly enough time to recover, and anyway, as he’d considered before: he had no plans to aid the boy.
demon I have ever met.”
Dean. I hardly think it’s worth starting the tradition up again now.”
He managed to get Cas on the bed first time, but Dean himself hit the edge of the mattress with his knees, toppling back and smacking his head on the corner of the motel table with the transition. Everything came bubbling to the surface as the pain shot down his spine, and he gasped for air as he rocked forward into a fetal position, tears stinging his eyes.
If it wasn’t for his ever-increasing strength, he wouldn’t have even considered renting out his current motel for only 2 nights - especially when he hadn’t even spent the first night in the room he'd paid for. Little things like that irritated him. Minor mistakes he'd made through poor decisions were all his thoughts ate away at when he found his savings running scarily low. It made sense for him to abstain from drinking as much as possible to better his chance at saving more, even if the alcohol did take the edge off of … everything.
"Make it quick."
Dean waited a few beats, staring out into the corridor as his shadow settled across the floorboards again to creep up the walls and set a web for anything coming through the doorway.
Castiel had yet to hear of a hunter being out of work for longer than a month at Crowley's firm. Well, unless they chose to take a break themselves.
Dean pushed a hand through his hair, getting a better look at his surroundings. It shouldn't be too difficult, seeing as this was the only place between the states that he'd mapped out as a location. It might not be perfectly accurate, but Dean would try as best he could.
Dean pretended to busy himself by scanning his eyes over his notes continually, but it was an hour and thirty-six minutes before Pamela showed up, and not one word was uttered during that time.
"Sorry, Bobby, I just needed some air," Dean shouted back across at him, any previous hint of nervousness completely eradicated from the demon's tone. "I'll be back in in a sec."
But it was kinda odd that they were both just sat in the dark at God-knows-what time relying on Castiel’s natural light to see anything in the room.
“Please tell me you’re joking.”
Dean drew his knees up to his chest, staring down at his duffel through bleary eyes. He hadn't touched it since Saturday, having packed everything up for when he felt ready to leave. He'd taken out his iPod for a while, but REO's "The Key" had come on shuffle and he'd ended up throwing the thing across the room out of frustration, preferring the sound of silence to let his thoughts fade to nothingness.
Dean did manage to smile at that, but he moved to get off the bed, manoeuvring himself so he didn't accidentally kick Castiel in the process. "You're doing better than I would have done if our roles were reversed."
Dean let out a heavy breath, staring the kid down. "Seriously? We have a few hours before dad gets back and you want to waste time talking about
“Think I’m just prone to making a mess,” Dean said quietly with a grin, meeting Cas’s gaze again.
Now it was just a lot worse.
He could still remember the first time he took a rabbit's life, trying to hold back tears as he'd broken its neck with his hands. He'd thrown up afterwards when he attempted to actually skin the creature, putting him off food for a few days entirely.
His vision spun as he tried to focus on the character before him; fully aware of whom it would be before such a thing came about, and he grimaced, pushing the musty blanket from his chest in an attempt to rid himself of the cover. It only reminded him again of the falseness the boy had demonstrated, leading him on with ideas of freedom to provide him with hope, few bizarre acts that had suggested kindness, only to rip them away and replace the hope with terror.
healed before he left - and he almost died doing that too but he played it off like it was no big deal - and I don't get any of it, Bobby! I don't get why you don't want me talking to him when he's nicer to me than anyone else I've met in the past!"
Castiel personally didn’t think he worried enough.
It was about a half-hour before Dean heard the front door go, and he placed his notes to the side, hurriedly getting to his feet to greet the two older men. Neither had a particularly happy expression on their face, but Rufus looked fucking
“Wait, what?”
He tensed up at the phrasing, looking over his shoulder to where Rufus was adjusting the dress pillows on the couch, seeing Bobby lain out across the main seat. "What?"
Castiel rolled his eyes, dropping his shirt to pick up the antiseptic wipe again, looking over his shoulder as he started to clear the blood from his skin. “It’s pretty fucking obvious what I’m doing,” he ground out, hissing when he added a bit too much pressure to the nearest gash.
Dean took a step back, pushing a hand through his hair. “I can’t say for sure. This whole place is freaking me out a bit to be honest.”
He didn't feel as nervous anymore, but he was definitely feeling
too clueless, they could just travel to somewhere completely new altogether.
Honestly, he wouldn't be surprised if the bleeding process was less painful. He really didn't know how to cope with everything wrong with him right now but he wanted to get it over as soon as he fucking could.
And he needed to be confident in order to be believable.
"I didn't
of being lied to and mistreated purely because of his angelic heritage. He wasn’t going to allow himself to be manipulated or even spoken to as if he were a lesser creature, and he most certainly wasn’t going to offer comfort to someone who’d offered no sympathies before.
human – that it was most certainly gone beyond the point of no return.
"So?"
He knew that it wasn’t something Castiel was controlling willingly otherwise Dean would have felt the same kind of heat whilst the angel had been asleep the other night, so what would he even be able to do about it?
"No, Dean, but, uhhh ..." He raised his left arm pathetically. "Can you take the bracelet off me now? I don't really -"
given him a damn blanket.
"You're a horrible person," he teased, even if the words could be seen as truth. He himself had never gone out of his way to torment a human like that, but in all honesty, they could have witnessed something far worse than two people vanishing from a room.
"W-what?"
"That's
"What are we even ..." Castiel sighed heavily. "Can we go back to having a normal conversation please? This is exhausting."
“You want some food now?”
"It's not really a witch thing, it's more ... well, it's an ability some angels have," Dean murmured, kicking at his own shadow when the tendrils continued to thrash about. "I'm not mad or anything if you did, but I'd rather not, like, be used as a puppet."
now.”
"I-I don't know. He's, uhhh ... he gets these headaches and burning pains in his chest, and even doctors don't know what it is. I mean, one minute he's fine, the next he's passing out 'cos the pain's so bad and it's just ... it's fucking horrible for him."
This was effectively his fault: the loss of a family – the
He wasn't all that surprised when he found himself lying awake in bed later on, practically tearing apart all the conversations he'd had with Castiel in his mind and picturing those sigils over and over again. He couldn't get any of this shit out of his head and hated it.
you if I think it's annoying," Castiel told him, wincing at the scrape of bark beneath his palm. "Now, you definitely have a place to stay, right? Do you need money?"
If Sam was gonna get better, then why the hell did Castiel need to die?
Castiel hummed in response, looking to the sky again. Unlike where he lived, the trees here concealed most of the sky from view - more so when Castiel looked off to the far distance. At home, he could simply walk out and see over the treetops for miles. It was a sight he knew he'd never attain should he ever afford an actual apartment or house for himself.
Dean didn't say anything in question, keeping quiet whilst Castiel let the grass blades fall through his fingers to the dry, patchy soil distractedly. The ground was relatively warm to the touch in spite of how shaded this part of the forest was, but it was far cooler than the grounds directly outside the cabin. Castiel had stalled there for a while whilst he'd mapped out his surroundings, wanting to retrieve his weaponry from where he'd left it abandoned two days ago. He didn't care much for the gun, seeing as it had been loaned to him from Crowley's hunting firm, but the blade had been his father's and he had no plans to leave such an inheritance behind.
“No, seriously. You’ve got ages, and I’d actually prefer not to have to resuscitate you again if it can be helped.”
when John went out hunting on his own. Now both Dean and John ran the risk of orphaning and abandoning Sam by getting involved in this! They’d thrown away the one chance they’d had at ensured safety, all because his dad refused to believe there was an excuse to let an angel survive.
Bobby had been pretty lenient about it all. Well, more lenient than if it had been John in his place. John wouldn't have helped, nor would he have let either Sam or Dean head back in the house without making them sort out the problem first.
“What?”
It was such a contrasting experience compared to all the hunts Dean had gone on alone with his dad. Bobby - and even Rufus - hadn't strayed far from him at any given time, and they also hadn't suggested using Dean as bait which was pretty refreshing. Not that Dean was adverse to it or anything. He usually felt safe with his dad, but it was nice to actually be asked what kind of involvement he wanted to have this time around, especially when it meant he could keep Bobby and Rufus safe by letting them know just how much he had to offer.
"That Harvelle girl's been askin' bout you," Bobby huffed, washing his hands in the sink, and Dean looked across to the older man timidly.
There was obviously the possibility of travelling. Maybe not necessarily outside of America, but maybe being alone was kind of what he needed? It'd definitely help him be more independent, and it wasn't like he couldn't defend himself should something go wrong along the way.
him; it was more down to pity and something along the lines of thinking it required of him to be pleasant, and it sucked because Cas really was cool.
pop-culture related, and whilst Dean kinda understood the whole not-being-able-to-afford-cable and shit with the hunting life, he'd found it ridiculously funny that the angel hadn't even used the internet before.
Dean smiled, gently taking hold of the clothing before taking a step back to clear the doorway, trying not to think about how similar it was to the first time they'd met. "Well, they don't look all that pathetic," he insisted when Cas stepped inside, closing the door behind them. "More impressive than a shadow."
“Uhh, I brought your shirt back by the way. I’m kinda still wearing your underwear, but I figured I’d just buy you some new ones instead of, like, giving these back without washing them first,” Dean told him, clearing his throat. There was an odd scratching noise that followed, and Castiel looked down to see Dean sliding a crumpled piece of paper halfway across the table.
, but he didn’t fight it, simply glaring at Dean with his fists balled at his sides.
Dean actually kind of wished he'd thought to take notes throughout this whole mess of an idea. He couldn't really remember much of what he'd read over the last two hours, and even though he'd been more focused in the former part of his studying, he hadn't actually been reading up on angel powers all that much. He'd gotten a little distracted with the entries for Heaven and Hell as a whole, and he'd sorta goaded himself into reading those first because he figured it'd be a gentle build up to the more serious stuff.
Bobby rolled his eyes. "You shouldn't be havin' any, really."
The boy went quiet again, and Castiel shifted in his seat nervously, praying over and over that the kid wouldn't question why Castiel didn't lead a 'human' life now. He was sick of the other hunters mocking him for his misfortune, and although this boy was different, it was still a thought he was extremely uncomfortable with - more so when he considered just how much he'd confessed to the child as of yet.
But Castiel smiled faintly, the cut on his lower lip had disappeared completely, and his eyes reopened, irises practically glowing blue instead of that dull grey they'd been just a few seconds ago. Dean rubbed at the back of his neck whilst he waited, looking away even if it wasn't exactly the wisest option.
If things got any worse, he'd piss against the wall, even if it would make the conditions more unbearable.
He hoped Sam was still working on stuff like that while they were apart, knowing that John would probably prioritise hunting knowledge over that of math. Dean didn't know how comfortable he'd be knowing that Sam was heading out on his own to do research anyway, even if the kid did have abilities he could protect himself with.
demons could use to get the upper hand.
His words were met with silence but Castiel’s eyes flickered over to him, holding his gaze for several seconds.
to keep talking.
“One less angel to worry about,” Rufus muttered, and Dean could feel the lenses slide over his eyes with his next blink, causing Pamela to tense beside him.
There was no blood. Just a virtually faceless child with bright green eyes; speaking the same message, never growing older.
"They're not," he murmured, wincing when the wipe was dabbed against the largest gash made in his side, clenching his jaw.
Castiel rolled his lips together, before turning onto his back again, trying to get comfortable. “I get where you’re coming from, but it shouldn’t mean that you miss out instead just because you’re a few years older.”
But then, that was a stupid assumption of him to make and he quickly ignored the thought altogether. The child was one of the most talkative people Castiel had ever met, so to assume that the demon would be content with silence was a rather ridiculous presumption.
Castiel followed Dean’s line of sight out the doorway. “You think something else made that sound?”
"Cas promised not to hurt anyone," Dean tried weakly, his shadow winding tight around his ankles to stop himself from running away - to stop himself from being such a coward. "And he healed Sam for us! He helped Sam get -"
resembled the story Dean had grown up with as a child.
“You reopened my wound,” Castiel snarled, leaning down to make his words heard as he tried to appear more intimidating. He was still struggling with his breathing, and the entirety of his lower back was dampened with blood, the bandages sticking to his skin unpleasantly and making him cringe, but he ignored the disgusting sensation, attempting to focus his Grace on the pain. It would take a while before he’d be able to fly home afterwards, but healing himself was far more important. He didn’t want to die of blood loss on his way back – then his journey would have been all for nothing, seeing as he had thought he was going to die here.
him to see that shade in particular, the demon’s eyes hadn’t miraculously changed colour during the time they’d been apart. Castiel had noticed it before: the abnormality of a demon possessing green eyes, and from the first time he’d recognized such a disfiguration, he’d also thought he’d recognized the boy from somewhere before because of his eyes alone. It was the demonic factor that really set things apart though, because this child was the first demon Castiel had ever encountered that possessed eyes so very bright, and although there were millions of others in the world that could potentially possess the same irregularity, Castiel very much doubted they’d be of the same exact shade as the demon before him.
Hell, Dean wouldn’t have even forgiven himself. It was a piss poor attempt at an apology, and he hadn’t even finished yet. There were parts of the plan that Dean hadn’t quite figured out yet – like when his dad would actually leave the motel – but he needed to explain to Cas the set time scale they’d have before John figured out what Dean had done.
He stilled at the sound of the angel's stomach rumbling, watching Castiel grimace and run a hand down his face. It kind of annoyed him that Cas hadn't eaten the food that Dean had brought down to him the day before, mainly because he'd actually
He looked up from his hands, watching Cas hug his knees to his chest as he lay down; the twinges of pain crossing his features and the sharp intake of breath when the collar shifted, revealing part of the raw skin behind it. Castiel’s eyes had closed, his brow furrowed and his glow almost diminished to nothing, and Dean didn’t know whether that meant Cas was losing more blood than normal or not, but he didn’t want to take any chances. He snapped his fingers, wincing as the sound echoed about the cold room, but he concentrated his energy on creating a smaller version of the collar around Castiel’s left wrist with weaker versions of the sigils on, mindful of the previous chaffing, before the collar crumbled from his neck.
"You can't just insult me like that without reason."
The roads surrounding his route back were virtually barren, scarce patches of dirt that gradually developed into grasslands and forests, a calm and serene travel. But there were few – if any – cars headed in the direction in which he came, although they weren’t necessarily heading toward that town in particular. Even if they were, it would only alert the police should they still remain unaware. Everything would be reported back ahead of his arrival anyway, ensuring him of his pay.
