"Oh, I see. She gets 'darling' and I get—"
Steve smiled up at him. Tony glanced away, eyes landing on Steve's dog, sitting patiently on the grass nearby. Admittedly, at least it was well trained. Not enough for Tony to even consider approaching it, of course.
Tony said something else from the other side of the grate that led to freedom, but Steve had only heard the noise of the waterfall thundering into the tunnel somewhere behind him. A dam had overflown with the heavy torrential rain and Steve was downstream of it.
"Oh sheesh, are you okay?" The man grabbed his elbow to help Tony keep his balance. Tony barely managed to stop his sunglasses from falling off, before pushing them up to the top of his head and meeting the man's eyes. The guy was a bit taller than Tony, blond with the prettiest blue eyes, and a slight smudge of yellow paint right under his chiseled jaw that had apparently gone unnoticed. His brow was creased with sincere concern; his face was open. Tony was only conscious of that for a moment, the universe freezing as if they were caught in a still-frame, before reality reasserted itself.
"Oh," Steve said, plainly with full awareness of who he was talking to now. The words
Steve didn't startle, but just turned slowly to blink at him. For some reason, Tony thought his eyes looked ancient today, as if all of his technical one hundred years was pressing down on Steve more heavily than usual. The question from yesterday stuck in Tony's throat, until he forced himself to cough it out, lightly, "You okay?" And then, because it felt like he didn't have the right, he carried on, "Is my driving boring you?" He just wanted something from Steve to go on.
Steve passed out on the way there. Tony very nearly panicked, but his suit sensors reported a steady heartbeat, and Steve's breathing was even when Tony hovered his bare cheek next to Steve's mouth to check. Tony had seen the serum perform enough miracles, he just hoped this time wasn't an exception.
"I know," Steve murmured, eyes still closed. "You don't hesitate. It's why I..."
"Anyway —
His hand on Steve's cheek felt real. As real as anything he'd ever experienced, and suddenly it wasn't a conscious decision at all.
He pulled his hands out of Tony's grip — Tony looked distraught about that, but his expression changed to surprise and curiosity when Steve simply strode towards the desk, and the truth serum in a vial there. It changed to shock when Steve grabbed the vial and drank it empty.
It was Steve's turn to frown, his heart speeding up nervously. "About the truth serum." He looked Tony over again. He looked...he looked great. Goddamn, Steve was lucky. He felt a dopey smile start on his face and steeled himself against the urge to take Tony in his arms and kiss him lots and lots. Tony found his dotting adoration alternatively hilarious or distracting, depending on his mood, so Steve knew to pick his moments, and this was definitely not one of them.
Steve kept gazing at him, trying to memorize the expression in his kind brown eyes.
kiss you!" Tony cried out from the side, his voice touched with both indignation and laughter, full of relief. He kicked his heel out at Steve's ankle, very lightly for all the rebuke in it, and for good measure, slapped at Steve's chest with the back of his palm. Tony's hand flopped there, lingering on top of Steve's chest, and rested, as if he didn't have the energy to move it away.
"Huh?" Tony said, eloquently. He'd already pegged Steve's reaction where it belonged, and it had not been in the getting-into-your-pants bucket. He had no idea what Steve wanted with him now.
"No hospitals," Steve muttered, eyes shutting.
"Happy? I—" Steve sounded confused, and that just broke Tony's heart. It seemed that Steve struggled to parse the question or string together a reply. Tony found his slow, cat-like blinks unexpectedly dear. It figured, didn't it, that Steve couldn't even fall asleep without producing some emotion in Tony.
"I see that," Tony answered looking back at the owner who was studying him with a tilt of his head.
"Tony. Tony!"
Steve's eyes bore into him, expectant. "And?"
!" Tony exclaimed at seeing Pepper with her afghan hound in his workshop doorway.
It felt unreal, now. Steve nodded against Tony's chest.
"I gathered that." They were hidden from view, but that meant they couldn't see out into the courtyard either, which left Tony feeling like an ostrich. It wouldn't be long before the base was swept and they would be discovered. "The main gates will be shut. We'd have to fight our way out." And that would be the end of their resolve to cause no harm or casualties to innocent people.
Moments later, Iron Man was swooping over the fence, one armored hand still holding the briefcase with the Tesseract. The courtyard was in complete disarray. Smoke rose from one of the crushed gas pumps, and numerous soldiers were sandbagging it; they were lucky it hadn't blown sky-high. Tony spotted Howard splayed out against one of the cars, apparently unharmed, and Jarvis rushing to his aid. Steve was in a crouch with his back to them, so hopefully still with his secret identity intact.
"You're the best," Tony whispered under his breath at some point. He wasn't even sure if he'd meant for Steve to hear that, but Steve did. He fell quiet mid-sentence. They stayed that way for a still moment, then Tony felt a soft kiss pressed into his hair.
"Steve..."
It really wasn't.
That feeling — anger that's been banking in his heart the whole time since he'd carried Steve, bleeding, away from the military camp, flared up and outward from Tony's chest. Only it wasn't anger, he knew that with a suddenness that took his breath away. It was fear. Steve could have gotten killed because he was trying to keep Tony safe. Nobody else he— Nobody else was gonna die for him; Tony would make sure of it.
"I wasn't scared—!"
Tony was going to let go of his hand, he was so obviously ready to step back, but Steve didn't let him. He used their clasped hands to pull Tony flush to himself instead, until Tony fell against his chest, his free hand rising to lay on Steve's shoulder for balance. Steve slid the other arm around his waist, holding him close. He still couldn't quite speak from the nerves, so they just looked at each other: Tony wide-eyed and startled, and Steve...he didn't know what expression was on his face, only that he wasn't letting go this time.
— and Steve clutched him to himself. If he was losing his goddamn mind and this was a dream, at least it was a good one.
— but wearing his own black tux with a white dress shirt, and his hair was all messy, as if he'd been running his hands through it and maybe pulling at the strands a bit. All signs of anxious distress. "Steve?" Even his name came out sounding a bit lost. Rhodey wasn't kidding; Tony was in a state.
He couldn't push the speed limit to the max with Steve in tow, as wind resistance threatened to rip Steve out of his arms, but he still pressed the edge of what he knew Steve could handle. It took a minute or two flying west to be certain they wouldn't be followed. Tony purposefully chose what seemed to be the less populated areas, where the chance of being spotted in the sky was lower. Steve hid his face from the wind by turning it into the juncture of the armor's neck.
He started towards where Steve was idling, in his green military uniform and Aviator shades disguise, when a piercing loud sound of alarm cut through the base. Tony startled and winced, swirling to look about even as the yelling started. "Intruders on base!" and: "Stop right there."
"Hey you!" He recognized Howard's voice, almost upon them and coming closer.
"Another but?" Steve's affectionate smile accompanying the words was like being basked in sun's rays.
Tony had to stop thinking about it, or he would do something spontaneous and insane like turn around and hug Steve.
He hadn't so much slept as fallen unconscious, the exhaustion from the past week or more finally catching up with him. In the morning he'd realized Steve intended that to happen, tricking him in his own quiet way. Tony couldn't even be mad at him; he'd slept better than he had in years.
"I lost the vials," Steve gasped out instead of answering, not that Tony couldn't see the blood for himself. His mind failed to link up the dark splatters on Steve's military uniform with what he knew to be true. Steve was simply too good not to have anticipated the shots. But Steve was fading before his eyes, the blood loss was making him woozy and he sagged in Tony's arms.
"I—" Steve was reduced to syllables. His voice was a shadow and he kept having to gulp for air because his lungs seemed to be refusing to work properly. He strove to compose himself, but it was an illusory goal. All he could think of was the ache in his heart when he'd
Even those few words reawakened a tingling itch in his throat and for the next minute he could do nothing but cough — dry, and sending spikes of pain resonating through his whole chest. His head was pounding. He had to be running some 104 degrees fever and his nose was all stuffed up so he couldn't even breathe properly. Tony hardly ever got sick, but when he did, it was like this: a full-blown misery. When he gingerly opened his eyes to peer out from under the down-filled comforter, Steve was there with sympathy all over his face.
Steve's lips compressed in a thin line, and he glanced down on the ground before looking up again. "Tony..."
. Sounds to me like your mind tried to twist everything for maximum imaginable pain. I can't even—This is a seriously fucked up dream. I'm so sorry you thought that was real."
"The ID cards."
Tony didn't even get a chance to open his mouth before Steve threw one of the vials at the truck behind them. Several things happened in rapid succession. A vial with Pym particles splattered over the roof of a truck. Multiple voices cried out as the truck expanded to the size of small building, throwing the soldiers around it back out of the way. While confusion reigned, Steve leaned down, grabbed Tony under his knees and back, and threw him over the wooden fence onto the other side, to safety.
"Then you know what you have to do," Tony threatened, swallowed thickly and tried to scan the horizon. He had to get Steve horizontal, so his major organs would be well supplied with the significantly reduced quantities of blood. Out here in the field they were too exposed, and Tony had a sudden urge to get out of the open. Steve's head landed on Tony's shoulder, which couldn't be that comfortable given the hardness of the armor, but there was little Tony could do about it at present. His armor allowed him to easily carry Steve's bulk, something he wouldn't have likely been able to do out of it. His voice softened. "Hold on. I'll find us a safer location."
Slowly, Steve took Tony's fingers away with his own hand, lowering them to his lap. "Tony..." he started.
If anything, Steve looked pleased. "I believe you. I'm not worried."
Steve looked at him, somber, through his mask. His eyes were all wrong, a different colour and shape, but something about them still rang true to Tony, a bit like understanding a word in an otherwise foreign language.
Tony's expression changed from concern to a stricken mix of pain and anxiety at this. He said, "Are you okay? Your head? Hurts bad?" He brushed the side of Steve's forehead, where Steve suddenly realized he had a bandage covering his temple.
. "I have a kid," he had repeated dumbly, looking down at her and feeling like he could
"Stay low," Steve said, crouching nearby. "They are looking for us."
"Right," Steve said, voice dry in a cross between amusement and concern. Brimming with that note that said he knew Tony entirely too well and was incredibly fond of him for some reason that currently escaped him. Tony felt warm all over. Steve added, casual-like, "We should get some rest."
And they were in.
"Please stay," Steve held on tight around Tony's waist. "I need you to stay. Right here. Explain this to me. How are you... Why am I
?" Tony asked, wide-eyed. "The rest of you didn't jump in?"
Tony didn't let him go down the beaten track. "You could do that. Come around more often?" There, that was better. It sounded like an invitation, into Tony's home and back into his life. An opening on offer. "When we get back."
He wished he could stop
Resolute, he got to his feet and looked at Fifi. He couldn't keep her couped up due to his own neuroses. It took some deep breathing exercises to approach her where she sat, watching him with more patience than he deserved, but Tony managed relatively steady hands as he untied the leash and wrapped it around his hand, in a firm grip. "Aha!" he crowed quietly, so as not to startle her. Baby steps.
He caught Tony's wrist. "This wasn't about trust, I—"
He'd thought about it back at the lake house, kissing Morgan's forehead as he set out for the Avengers compound. He'd thought about it a lot.
No use thinking of the night before, Tony told himself more than once, turning the image inducer prototype over in his hands. He sat at a desk in their new hotel on the outskirts of Philly. Steve was not in the room.
Steve laughed, a gasp of humour that had felt entirely foreign to him just a little bit ago. "I've loved you for so long," he confessed in a rush, and it was
. Steve kissed like he didn't need air. Would he always kiss like that, Tony wondered joyfully.
"Yeah, well, we both know that's not true," Tony said quietly.
Amid the pounding of his heart, Tony told himself all the reasonable, logical things. The last couple of days, months, years have been hell on everyone. Steve was coming off losing another friend, and clinging to what remained. He was upset. He'd feel differently later. Tony should thread cautiously now, and not believe spur of the moment confessions. Good reasons, all.
Weary amusement flickered over Steve's expression, like it was funny or something.
The man behind the hotel counter motioned at his own cheeks and nodded, as if talking about Tony's facial hair. "Mungo Jerrys?"
Steve took one more shaky breath, and set his hands on Tony's shoulders, disengaging and pulling back. Tony made a noise — a sort of dissatisfied, wordless rebuke — but let Steve put some distance between their faces. Full of worry, Tony's eyes gazed at him, somber. Steve was incredibly aware that Tony was still half-lying on top of him, and the leg he'd thrown over one of Steve's lay warmly between his. It was an agonizingly good feeling. "I'm going crazy," he muttered. "What is this?" And then he had to brush a hand under his eyes, where tears were beginning their trek down his cheeks.
"Eat," Tony said. "You need your strength."
With a twitch of lips, Steve bent and pressed a soft kiss to the corner of his mouth. "Later," he closed the topic decisively, getting up and looking about.
"You could shave. Make yourself fit in with the times."
Tony nodded. Bad move; god, his brain felt like scrambled eggs. "You'd fit right in."
He stayed quiet, watching Steve run his fingers down the spines of books.
"Not happening." Tony rolled his eyes, taking the bait. "We'll find what we need, and we'll be home by lunch. ...What?" He turned to see Steve laying on the side, watching him.
Tony winced, tsking. "Not my finest hour." His eyes were the furthest from angry now. They were loving. Steve's hands trembled and Tony frowned. "You remember that we'd made up though?" he asked, looking very concerned about it.
Tony didn't care. He curled his okay arm around Steve's neck and hung on. The other Avengers were talking, saying something, but that instant Tony existed only with Steve, only for him. The kiss went on, open mouthed, their tongues meeting and sliding against each other as lazy, pleasant haze of sensation enveloped what felt like Tony's entire body, pushing aside all else. It was everything Tony had dreamed about, falling asleep next to Steve in the car under the stars, and later, every night they spent together but not
Suddenly, he didn't care how much time they had to stick it out in the past, as long as Steve was okay. They'd make it through somehow; they always did. No matter what, so long as Steve was alive and with him, Tony could handle anything this century threw at him. He covered Steve's cold and clammy hand with his other palm, and squeezed back.
"What do you mean?"
"Don't change the subject," Tony said, but came over as if drawn. His feet truly were killing him, and roughing it in the car the night previous hadn't done his back any favours, either. He scrambled down to lay on the side, on the golden-hued hay next to Steve, facing him, and tucked a bent arm under his head. Then nearly groaned in pleasure, as every muscle in his tired body seemed to want to weep in gratitude for being at rest. His feet especially. The earthy smell of dry hay teased his nostrils. The makeshift bed was rough, blades of grass sticking out, but surprisingly comfortable. Across from him, Steve yawned contagiously, and Tony found himself covering a yawn, as well. He tried to recollect his slippery train of thought. "You gotta
"Knock yourself out," Tony said softly, something warm and shivery blossoming in his chest when Steve only smiled in response.
Steve tried to study Tony for any sign of being unwell. But no, there was nothing. "Thought you didn't want to see me," he burst out with his own fear.
have known, somewhere deep inside, because the emotions that overtook him were mostly sated contentment at being understood.
"I sense a 'but'," Steve teased.
"There's this one thing," Tony answered truthfully. Steve had a strong feeling that he wouldn't have said that if he could have held it back. That was disturbing.
And then, and then, and then— Strange lifted a single finger, and Tony knew what he had to do.
Steve's eyes were welded to the spot where Tony's fingers wrapped around his. Tony squeezed once and hastily let go.
. I don't know if he's getting cold feet," — the unease inside Steve's heart sharpened into a knife —"at first he wouldn't talk to me at all, and
Steve stared earnestly into his eyes. "You should have it."
Steve didn't answer, but Tony was already slowing and descending into an empty hay field at the side of a road. Instead of a dramatic landing, he lowered the armor closer to the ground, expecting Steve to step off. When Tony unwrapped his arms from around Steve's torso, the other man swayed and nearly went down.
Tony talked while he worked, brow furrowed. "You still don't trust me."
"Hey," Steve whispered.
But Tony didn't get to hear what Steve would do, even though he had no doubt Steve would choose the mission over his own feelings.
Tony had a similar urge to run his hands over Steve's chest — lightly, just to check, just to make sure — but he forced his thoughts off that subject and on to the brown paper bag in his other hand. This one held a burger and a strawberry milkshake, the only fast food in the vicinity for which he'd been able to scrounge up the cash. He handed both to Steve.
Tony swallowed a lump in his throat. "Hey."
The power of the Gauntlet coursed through them all. Dozens of people, hundreds.
"Yeah." Tony bitterly regretted letting Natasha go there. She was
"I guess?" Tony didn't pause the gentle stroking of the skin at the back of Steve's neck. Like scritches, the touch of his fingers soothed the raw edges of hurt. "You remember more than the last time you woke up, but it's jumbled. I think it's coming back, and your brain" — he waved a hand in the air— "extrapolated, filled in the gaps you didn't have with made up things of its own. Also, apparently? Your brain hates you."
Tony was lying on top of the comforter covering Steve in bed, his head raised to look at him with growing concern. Steve pressed back into the mattress, stuck between the horrifying need to throw himself out of bed and find a defensive corner position, and the equally powerful desire to wrap both arms around Tony and clutch him to his heart. The heart that thundered painfully in his chest, now. His limbs felt weak as if he were a newborn kitten.
"Thanks," Steve whispered at a level of a breath. He lifted the compass to his face, opening it up to what Tony knew was inside, even with it turned away from him: Peggy's picture that Steve treasured enough to take with him everywhere. As if reading his thoughts, Steve said in a thready voice, sounding far-away and half-delirious. "I'd almost put it away." He frowned at the memory, still peering at the compass. "Then after—after I had to leave, back then," — Steve meant their fight and the break-up of the Avengers — "I had the compass with me so" — his voice nearly faded out — "I took it out more, to look at."
"And don't put this on yourself. We knew the risks when we made the jump."
deal, I swear. Send the camera crew."
Twenty years ago he'd have been excited at the prospect of dog watching. Hell, he'd begged and pleaded Howard to get him a dog for long enough that his father had finally relented. A big Doberman, a man's dog, not one of those sissy poodles. Tony hadn't cared; he had only thought about playing, and petting, and running and having the best friend in the whole wide world. He had to leave Max behind whenever he went off to boarding school, but in the summers they were inseparable. At least for a while, until Obie took an interest in the wonderful workings of Tony's mind. Tony was still paying for therapy from that experience.
Steve winced. "That wasn't supposed to happen."
"Nevermind," he grumbled to himself, convinced this man was put on this Earth to stop him from getting a moment's peace. "Catch some Zs, we'll talk later." His eyes roamed the barn for any distraction, something to keep himself awake while he watched over Steve. If he stayed still for too long, he'd fall asleep standing up.
"It's getting harder not to tell you all the reasons we shouldn't," Tony half-whined. He squeezed Steve's hand desperately. "Please. I can be convincing."
"So, what, let
"Oh, hi there,"— Tony glanced down at the name tag on the lanyard —"Steve." He beamed at him. And watched recognition strike Steve like a pole-axe.
"But, then I thought: why do we have to reinvent the wheel? Hank moved his stuff out of his own lab, but he didn't remove the rest of SHIELD equipment."
"You look fine, Tony. Is that the cover we're going with? Academic visitors to SHIELD science labs?" Steve had already picked the bed closest to the door, making the mattress sag heavily where he sat on the corner edge, elbows resting on his knees, and hands gripped together in front. His gleaming shield leaned against the side of the bed. He looked ready to defend the hotel room from an alien invasion and his somber gaze focused on Tony with intent.
Except they weren't shouting to him. Some hapless private was pinned down to one of the walls not even a hundred feet away from them, with at least five guns pointed at his terrified face. They weren't shooting, but they'd clearly mistook him for Steve, even though the only thing the two men had in common was their height and powerful build. The man wasn't even blond.
"Me too. Which means I'm biased and I really don't want to screw it up."
you wouldn't have. You have the suit. You're faster and—" He swallowed roughly. "That's what scares me. If ever there's a choice and I—I won't be good enough to save you—"
Pepper was relentless. "You know she gets nervous around strangers."
"Not a bad place to be." Tony peered into the dark and then drove a couple hundred feet before pulling off onto a poorly maintained off-shoot from the main road. They traveled another several minutes until all that was around in every direction was open fields and an occasional tree. He shut off the engine, and with it went the remaining light of the headlamps. The first smattering of rain hit the windshield and Tony rolled up the front windows, leaving the ones in the back rolled half-way down. That way they could have some air without being pelted in the face with the cold droplets of rain.
Tony found himself moving forward, heartbeat loud in his ears, and then he was pressing his forehead to Steve's. His eyes slid shut. This was a terrible idea. The urge to kiss Steve was still there. He'd known from the start that being close to Steve all the time wasn't going to be consequences free, and now, tearing himself away seemed an impossible feat of strength far beyond him. For a moment, they stayed like that, silent breaths mixing.
"Yeah, well, I'm worried enough for the both of us," Tony muttered to himself.
A stray bullet hit Tony's faceplate and bounced off harmlessly.
Already, it had occurred to Tony that he could fly back and take what they needed by force, before the order on the base was restored. Nothing in this decade could stand up to the power of his armor, not even close. He could crush any resistance, grab more of the vials and be out of there in twenty minutes, if necessary. But it would be hubris to expect zero casualties with a frontal attack. Besides, they would need more time for Steve to get better before they dared make the jump back.
"You died," Steve pressed past his lips just looking at him, unable to quite get his fill of the lines of Tony's face, his hair standing this way and that, no longer artfully tousled but just a mess, his dark eyes that Steve had never hoped to see lit up by the light of that bright intellect again. "We buried you. We
he says he got dosed with truth serum and he won't be coming out of the workshop today. At all. Not even for the wedding reception."
Tony thought with an inner eye-roll. They were going to play that game where Steve tried to shift the focus off himself and his problems, as if Tony was dumb as a plank.
Tony inhaled, sharp.
With a long breath that he didn't want to admit was a sigh of regret, Steve clasped Tony's hand in his and used it to pull himself to his feet. Their eyes met for a long moment and held.
"....You wouldn't?" Tony stared at him in wonder, and it was a good look on him.
"Tony," Tony put in quietly. He turned to glance into Steve's unfairly gorgeous eyes, and had to stop trying to leave, hackles slowly lowering. He really was a sucker for pretty blues, and my, Steve's just beamed sincerity straight into Tony's heart.
For a little while they just lay there on their backs next to one another, unheeding even of the mild drizzle that pelted them from above. Steve's right leg ached as if bruised, but it wasn't a bad kind of pain. Out of the corner of his eye, Steve could see the reassuring rise and fall of Tony's chest. The summer air was warm, and feeling was returning to every part of his body, bit by bit. His lips tingled.
"Did you see that?" Tony said, maybe a little choked up, looking about at their safe, bright world. He still couldn't quite believe it. Around them, so many people were in various stages of post-battle celebration. They were chattering, laughing, maybe even laughing at the two old men, walking away from the battlefield, together.
If not
"Look around, see where he stores synthetic compounds," he directed at Steve, mind already on the screen in front of him.
"Never," Steve whispered fiercely, wrapping his arms around Tony's midriff. Steve's lips moved next to his ear, stirring. "Not as long as you'll have me."
"We've still got...we've got each other," he tried. "That doesn't change."
he wanted Tony to keep going, to pierce that carefully constructed barrier he kept around himself and see the soft layers underneath. It did have to be soft, didn't it? Tony thought so. Tony thought if he ever touched Steve with intent, it would be softness all over.
A soft, more somber look on Steve's face had Tony turning his eyes away, knowing he could deflect, wondering if he should.
, Tony thought. While Steve wasn't looking, he would switch the vials, giving Steve the original and keeping the duplicate for himself. Yeah, sure, this
Steve nodded, picking at the cuff of his uniform. "I'll need different clothes, so I can move around more easily."
"You named your dog Buster?" Tony asked while looking at the dog, intending to segue into a gentle tease on how that was old fashioned, which never made it past his lips. The name must have set off some sort of a command in the dog's brain because it jumped up and then it leaped straight for Tony.
promise each other, except to fight on until their dying breath for the half of the universe that needed saving.
"How did it—I mean, how is it here?" Steve asked quietly.
"But we know he's got all the equipment we need to synthesize the particles, down in the SHIELD labs. My dad worked with him for a while, studying the serum. They were trying to replicate it from samples of your blood," — Steve's expression reflected his distaste —"but that's organic matter, DNA. The Pym particles is a pure chemical formula, they don't need to bind to human blood to work."
Something about that made heat come to Tony's cheeks, and he had to turn away or risk Steve noticing his odd and out of place embarrassment. He went to where the pieces of his image inducer gadget were laying on the desk, then found himself pacing the length of the room. "In the meantime, while you were out visiting the local bar scene, I made good on our way back onto the base." It was almost finished, and Tony was down to programming likenesses into it.
. Why hadn't he ever said the words before? Why had he waited even a moment, when this was how Tony looked upon hearing it.
The words lingered on Tony's tongue, but never passed his lips. "New Jersey. No flying, so we'll need a car."
But what if,
"Oh," Tony said, delighted by the simplicity of it. "We'll lift you a uniform."
Tony tapped his arc reactor under the clothes, and made the Iron Man glove briefly cover his hand. Then, he applied the hemostatic agent in small dabs on the cut, sealing it. It looked seamless, blending with his skin, and he wouldn't be leaving blood on the pillows. The armored glove vanished as it had appeared, nanobots slithering back off his skin. At his side, Steve was curious and, Tony hoped, at least a little impressed with the nanotech. Over the last years, aside from a few skirmishes that required Iron Man, Tony hadn't had much opportunity to show his armor off to the team, so Steve wouldn't have had much time to see it in action.
There was no time.
"Change of plan: we make the jump now." Tony reached for the GPS device, but Steve's hand on his wrist stopped him.
"We can turn off the image inducers," Tony said, clenching and releasing his fist on the side, to keep anxiety at bay.
"I...Yeah?" Tony looked at him, confused. Wasn't that what he just said? "That feels like a trick question?"
"This is it?" Steve looked with a bit of skepticism at the greenish-tinged liquid in a vial standing held up by a pair of metallic prongs on the table next to them.
Morgan was too young to remember the times Steve had come by before, always with a business reason and always gazing at Tony and his daughter with a wistful longing that made Tony's breath catch. The first time Steve had seen Morgan, barely a month old then, he'd gotten choked up, and Tony remembered him stumbling through congratulations with a hushed sort of reverence. Steve kept looking between Tony and the tiny human baby snug in a blanket in his arms, as if he was trying to find similarities. It had been the first time in a long while that Tony had found himself smiling at Steve, happy to see him. In his memories, those moments had been joy and terror, because he had a baby, he had a
"Last time, Pepper was at your house. Aren't you two working things out?"
He became aware that Steve had never actually answered the question only then. Something like electricity sparked up his spine and he had to look away, searching desperately for something to break up the tension.
Was he flirting? Tony checked, but if Steve was flirting, it was definitely with the dog because all of his focus was on her. He was smiling at Fifi with a soft besotted look. Tony inwardly groaned. A
"I still think you should shave the beard off," Steve said, but he was clearly teasing.
He had come back. Ever since Ultron, it had been slowly dawning on Steve how much he relied on Tony just being there.
" His eyes locked with Steve's. "So much! I have no doubts of that. I'm sure. And there's nothing I'd like better than to be married to you. But then I think about what's right, what would be good for
"Whoa," Tony said at a breath against his ear, sinking into the embrace with boneless grace. Something excited thrilled in his voice, but worry intruded, too. "Steve..."
him back into health. Shivering from cold despite the fever, under a mess of bed-covers, Tony could only return his gaze with remorse. He was pathetic and they both knew it.
. Could he keep himself to himself now?
"Hey, hey, you alright there?" Tony panted, wrapping his fingers around the bars to keep steady as the dark water rushed past them. Even though he could keep out of the water when he stood up, Tony was soaked through and through, previously-white shirt clinging to his shoulders and his wet hair plastered to his forehead. "I'm getting you out, okay." After a moment, he reached through the thick moss-covered bars with one hand and grasped Steve by the shoulder, shaking him a little. "Stay up, soldier." Steve realized he'd started to slip, and tried to shake himself awake. "That's it," Tony encouraged him, trying to keep hold of Steve while water swirled around him.
"You went hustling," Tony said, wooden. He imagined the bar-scene: Steve hitting all the corners because he was good with angles, the locals getting frustrated. It was a setup for a bad fight. His voice was flat: "What is
"The reception is in half an hour!" Steve exclaimed, not at all like he'd been waiting for this day for possibly his entire life, except he has. Postponing it, even by a day, felt like a bad omen, like somehow all his hopes and dreams would be crushed into fine dust. It was unreasonable, sure, but he was
And this was who Steve was.
Tony moved. In reality, it probably took only a moment, but with the mad thrumming of his heart in his ears, Steve felt like Tony's hand moved in a slow motion, settling on his cheek —
"You can't, Daddy." Morgan shook her head seriously. "You swore."
"Damn, Steve. It's different! She's sure as hell alive! We
Steve grunted, but didn't respond, yanking off his Aviator shades and peering out over the hood of the car. Tony joined him immediately. The private who'd been mistaken for one of them was being patted down by another soldier, but from the way the rest of the men were peering about, it was clear they didn't think they had the right guy. More troops were gathering in the courtyard to perform the sweep as the intruder alarm continued to blare. Steve yanked Tony down again, behind the protection of the vehicle and Tony went willingly.
Tony had been deep into reverse engineering some of the tech they recovered earlier that week from an AIM base, specifically one of their chemistry labs. With Bruce taking himself out of the superhero game for the time being, Tony was the only one remotely qualified. When he had told Steve he would spend a bit of time "tinkering" in his workshop before the wedding reception, Steve had even thought it was kind of cute. This new problem was...unexpected to say the least. He had to keep a lid on his worry until he talked to Tony.
Tony shifted in his spot where he'd zoned out for a moment, staring at nothing. "I'm fine," he blurted out. My, that water had been tasty. The smell of cooked beef made his stomach growl and the hunger pangs reminded him of other, worse times he didn't want to think about. "I'm not hungry," he said, to convince himself as much as Steve. He had to look away from Steve's probing gaze. "That's all of our money. Sadly, I neglected to wear more expensive jewelry I could pawn on our little trip. Unless you've got some?"
After a moment of lingering silence, Steve returned back to looking outside.
"I don't know. I— Is Pepper here? Where is Morgan?"
, Tony, if anything goes wrong, this wasn't your fault. I need you to know that!"
"—then I wouldn't say no, either," Steve finished softly. His heart beat like it would jump out of his chest. But Tony didn't move away and deep inside him, Steve thought he knew what it all meant. What that moment in the dark had been about, when he'd not been able to let Tony go, and Tony couldn't part with him either.
"Maybe lead the team again, with Nat?" Tony was mostly talking to himself at that point anyway. Steve was half asleep. "That made you happy, didn't it."
Steve's voice came soft from his side. "Remember what you said, about how we should have gone to Vormir?"
"Your dad was behind me."
without you for five years?"
"Tony!"
"Hey, Steve?"
"I know I can," Tony assured him.
At the blacked out door to the workshop, Steve paused, leaning his forehead against the glass for a second. Well, nothing for it. If his one-and-only had reservations about marrying him, it was better to lay them to rest now, rather than let them linger. Steve knocked lightly on the glass and called:
Tony waited, but Steve's voice petered out. "Hey, hey," Tony moved close, speaking softly, hands hovering above Steve's shoulder, biceps, before making the decision to settle with a light touch to the tips of his hair, hoping not to startle but to wake. The weakness passed and Steve opened his eyes again, resuming his answer.
"Wait! Wait, Mr. Stark, we got off on the wrong foot."
"You wouldn't?"
he texted back, like an awesome human being that he was.
"I am inevitable," Thanos growled.
Their future was a bright one and Tony was so there for all of it.
"I used it
Then Steve was turning to look down at his injured right arm, his expression somber and full of concern. His fingers were gentle, turning it palm up to see better. And yeah, those burns did not look good. Tony turned his eyes away. He'd rather watch Steve.
He was not being overly dramatic!
"I wasn't there when you needed me," Steve whispered, low.
"Oh, we did fight," Tony said, with a somewhat ugly edge in his tone. "Thanos, the Snap, all of that. I was an idiot. We were separated when he came, and we lost."
"Boss is otherwise unaffected," FRIDAY clarified.
Fifi and Buster decided to interrupt the moment that was clearly happening by yanking on their leashes with enough force that Tony and Steve had no choice but to fall in line. They walked the path together.
"The things they don't put in the history books."
"We can't fix this world," Steve said, though he sounded like he badly wanted to try.
"Yeah..." Tony sighed. "'s nice."
Tony rolled his eyes. "You are in a villain's lair: do as villains do. Press the button, Steve."
tomorrow's breakfast."
"But it did!" Tony stressed. He still didn't understand. The memory of the realization Steve was shot chilled his insides. "You saw them pull out their guns and you just stood there?"
Theirs was a relationship with a comfortable cadence to it. Tony reached out, Steve accepted; never the other way around. Steve was all about giving him time and space. Tony thought sometimes Steve was projecting his own needs on Tony, because Tony definitely didn't need as much space as Steve seemed to want to give him. Sometimes he was glad for the distance, because it meant he could control their encounters. Other times it only made Tony want to reach out even more. That always felt like risking too much: what if Steve wanted him to just
, how about it?" He selected the book and leafed through the pages, returning to the bed. "That sound okay?"
"Yeah, I think it's the radiator hose. It split, there." He pointed to the rising steam. "I can patch it up." Tony put on his glasses for protection and peered carefully at the engine with steam coming off. It was probably at around 200 Fahrenheit. He pointed towards the backseat. "We'll need that water."
. Well, what did he expect, meeting him in a park with a dog of his own? Fifi sensed a person she could get to do her bidding and leaped to her feet, wagging her tail at Steve, and shaking the pink leash in Tony's hand. Nervous around strangers, hah!
world was pain.
didn't want to wake up. "Just tell me. Please tell me," he said, feeling himself start to shake a little.
"Never said you were," Tony mumbled, drawing back physically, uncertain of his footing now. He thought he was comforting Steve, but looking into his eyes it felt like Tony was only causing him pain.
Steve's stare was affection bordering on wonder. "I always change, but
"Not now," Tony rushed to say, staving off this talk until it didn't make him lose his mind. He was barely keeping it together as it was. "Not here. Tell me— Tell me when we get through this." He was asking for a lot, but that was what he needed.
The image inducer would allow them to go almost wherever they pleased, but so far Tony only had a prototype that altered the colour of his eyes. In its final form it would cover the whole face, projecting a hologram of a different appearance, but even then though it conformed to muscle movements, it would not cover touch. They'd have to be careful.
Tony recounted the encounter downstairs, and Steve easily validated his unease with a frown of his own. They couldn't risk Steve being recognized. If it got back to SHIELD and the general state of alert rose on the base, that would interfere with their plan. So when Steve suggested they abandon the hotel and make their way to New Jersey then and there, instead of waiting 'till morning, Tony couldn't argue with the idea.
"Yeah, you sure could use a makeover. I'll go out in a bit, get you something to wear." And delay the inevitable: lying in the other bed listening to Steve fall asleep. The thought made him jittery.
Tony looked down at their hands, and whispered, "I didn't want to tell you that I think you could be making a mistake marrying me."
"Ray Dorset fan?"
"Pepper's eccentric uncle? Why the hell would he be in our home? Steve. You're worrying me here."
going to work and Tony would prove as much when they both arrived into the future, safe and sound.
"I should send you back to the future," Tony muttered, feeling that last remaining vial burning a hole in his pocket. He'd thought of doing it earlier, while Steve was asleep-going-on-unconscious. Tony could simply wrap Steve's fingers around the handle of the briefcase with the Tesseract and send him on his way. But the trip through the quantum realm was a little rough, and waiting until Steve was more stable seemed wise.
He dropped what he was doing with the wrought iron door lock and came closer. Steve was lying on his back, on a makeshift bed of dry hay in a barn that Tony found out in the countryside. In his desperation, he'd kicked the door lock open before getting Steve settled, and was now in the process of patching it up, so that their presence wouldn't be discovered. The drafty, medium-sized barn stood on a dead-end turn in the back of a long row of oak trees, and the dust on the lock suggested infrequent use. Anyway, they wouldn't be staying long.
Steve squeezed his hand and wanted to speak, but Tony was rushing ahead, talking very fast: "I'm a mess. Everyone knows that. And I—
"—come save the world," Steve gasped out, and then he really had to stop and just breathe in and out for a while. It felt like asthma, this panic that squeezed his chest like a vice. "That's what you did."
And that wanting,
Steve's eyebrows rose. "Is everything alright?"
"Yeah?"
"I'm okay," Steve mumbled, managing to open his eyes that had started to slide shut. He tried to focus on Tony. "D-did you find help?" He knew if he didn't get out of here in the next ten minutes, the water would cover his head. Breathing underwater was not his forte.
"Shall we?" Satisfied, Tony slid a hand around Steve's elbow. "Any national secrets you feel like spilling to our guests?"
Tony moved his gaze down to the space between their chests, his free hand worried the material of Steve's shirt. "Well. As it happens. I have a lot of trouble saying no to you in general. Or keeping away. As a matter of fact this is something that you should probably already be aware of. As a thing. That I have trouble with. Or, you know, not kissing you, but in a totally non-life-saving way except, I uh, kind of think it might be? Life-saving? Life-altering, maybe? I mean, you do; you know?" He stared at Steve as if any of that made sense — it made perfect sense to Steve at that exact moment — and started to wind down with a stuttering, "And I—I—I need that." His eyes grew wider yet as he paused. "Wow,"— Tony went to jerk back, stopped by Steve's arm around him holding on tight—"I just said a lot of things I wish I didn't."
Steve didn't laugh at him, like Tony had known he wouldn't. Tony
Steve fell silent at that.
Tony waved a hand. "No, no, you do it. I'm over it. Besides, I've got loads to do before we even need a car."
"Not you, though." Steve said balefully, and Tony could feel the focus of his stare. "You're baseline human. It would kill you."
Steve went to get it.
a dream, or reality, Steve was never letting another moment pass him by. He was always too late, always missing his chance, especially with this man. Not anymore. Steve chased after Tony's mouth, flung himself at him, and then they kissed. Tony sighed soft acceptance against his lips, the tender embrace he had around Steve growing tighter. It was paradise. Steve had a stray thought that maybe he was down for the count. Maybe he'd died, and this was his reward. It wasn't a bad trade. He shut his eyes and gave himself over to the kiss, not questioning anything for a moment, just existing.
"And if it doesn't?" Tony asked quietly. He wasn't given to doubting himself, but this was Steve's life on the line.
"I'd mean it too," Tony muttered. "And then I'd frequently remind you that I'm a workaholic, a control freak, who deals with anxiety by building robots on the nights I can't sleep, and the shine'll go off the whole married thing."
But he had the armor, didn't he? With a bit of time, he'd find a way to build shielding. "Well—"
The thought of Steve clinging to a memory of the woman he had loved, years in the ground now, was excruciating. Tony was stuck with a knot in his throat, knowing anything he could tell Steve would be inadequate. What could he possibly say to make this okay? His hands clenched and unclenched at his sides, but he just stood there, watching Steve's far away look with an ache in his heart. The future had failed Steve Rogers, failed to be enough for him to build a life there such that Peggy's memory would be soothed by the love and family he had around him.
"You're the only one who truly understands how hard this is."
"Nobody else I'd rather be stuck with than you."
"I promise."
Tony didn't look away from the screen. "You should see me when Morgan refuses to put on a warm jacket in the winter."
"Five years?" Tony's eyebrows climbed up to his hairline. "What the hell did I
What the hell was a Mungo Jerry? Was this how Steve felt in the future all the time? Tony had to get out of here.
There was also something to be said for waking up to Steve Rogers smiling shyly at you.
Tony just...he couldn't do this. He glanced at Fifi. She barked at him.
"No." Steve snagged Tony's wrist, squeezing with his cool fingers and Tony's breath caught. "Don't do that. I'll be fine."
"This is entrapment—"
In the silence inside the barn, Steve's breath echoed, loud and harsh, scraping the edges of Tony's nerves. He felt helpless to do anything, so he simply sat next to Steve until the wave of pain crested and passed, and Steve's expression eased a little. His gaze had drifted up to where the wall met the thick beams that held up the roof, where the small openings let through some light.
Steve nodded. "Yeah." He trembled. "I lo—"
need this, and always need Steve, but now wasn't the time or place for those feelings. He couldn't promise...anything, really. They didn't let the thing between them take root back in the seventies, not with the unknown future looming ahead, and their mission still wasn't done. There was nothing they
Tony had to turn away from the realization quickly dawning on Steve's face.
"You remember a lot of it," Tony said. "That's good. That means that you're healing. I certainly am not with Pepper, Jesus, what a thought. A kid," he paused. "I don't know. I've been with you, Steve. We've been living here together for the past, uh... three? Almost four years now."
Tony jerked one indifferent shoulder. "I'm fine."
"Yeah," Steve said. "You, uh, you married her and— And then we talked— We convinced you to give all that up and—."
Steve added calmly, even as his hands clenched Buster's leash, "I swear, we don't bite." When Tony eyed him with skepticism, Steve had the gal to press his lips together, clearly trying to keep amusement off his face. Everything in Tony clamored to see that tiny quirk of lips become a full-blown smile. It would be beautiful.
"Knock yourself out." He waved a dismissive hand, setting it on his hip, and watched Steve indulge himself.
be in the 1970! They couldn't
Steve made a brief sound of protest, but he evidently couldn't put up more than a token resistance.
"You never said. What did you pawn for cash?" Steve looked curious.
Tony casually studied the toes of his boots. "Do you think...once everyone's back, I mean, do you see yourself moving on?" He glanced up.
"Damn, right." Tony said, returning that smile, before it vanished as he watched, terrified, Steve's eyelashes flutter closed again.
"Let me see," Tony pressed out, teeth clenching as he ripped at Steve's shirt to try to get to the wound. It was bleeding in sluggish spurts. The front of Tony's armor was entirely coloured a dark slippery red. They had to stop the bleeding or Steve was a dead man. The shot had been straight through. "I got this, I got this. You'll be okay." Barely keeping his hands from shaking, he applied the sealant from the armor to the wound. It'd saved him before, he could only hope it would do the same for Steve. With the sealant in place, the blood stopped flowing, but Tony was still supporting Steve on his feet.
"Tony," Steve panted, as if he was the one who had the right to surprise. They walked slowly up the stairs to their second-floor room. "I thought I'd make it back before you finished your work."
Tony felt ridiculous. Then he felt angry. It was always easier than the other thing.
Even clear of the tears, Steve's face was drawn. "I know what would have happened if we
Tony grit his teeth. "Just a moment." Who designed this? What kind of a convoluted way of thinking would lead someone to put those two sets of instructions together?
Tony could not relax. His mind was on the barest of brushes against his neck, where the warmth of Steve's fingers still registered. One moment of skin contact and he felt as if his whole body woke up after a long slumber. The expression on Steve's face was soft concern, dashed perhaps with a touch of anxiety, but Tony's body lit up like Steve was offering to blow him. His out of proportions reaction reminded him how long it'd been since he'd gotten laid — he hadn't slept with anyone since Pepper, and that had been years ago. There'd been different women very clearly interested in dating him and, even once Morgan was no longer a baby, none of that had gone as far as coffee. Tony hadn't wanted to try, as if his body had shut down. He'd figured out it was his mind discarding sexual and romantic urges as unnecessary because they were unsafe. A stranger, in his house? The thought of bringing another human being home to meet Morgan made him cringe, the thought of trusting an outsider with his daughter was beyond him.
Tony gave his point the long consideration it deserved. "Sure did." He bit his lower lip, eyes running over Steve's face and especially his mouth, considering. "You, uh, wanna do something else?"
When they finally found the right lab at the end of the corridor, and Steve made use of his command voice to order the lone intern out of the room.
"I'll get us a car," Steve said confidently.
"If we steal the right IDs, we could be in and out. They won't have any real shielding on the Tesseract. At least nothing I can't deal with."
Tony kissed his bandage at the temple, feather light, and lay down on a pillow next to him, facing him. Their fingers lay entwined between them.
"Try to rest, okay. Tomorrow, you'll remember a little more yet. I'll stay with you. I'll be right here when you wake up."
Tony's eyes flew open when he felt a jacket cover him. Steve had lent him his own. "You looked cold," he contended when Tony stared at him accusingly. His big hand stroked down the side of Tony's arm, once, twice. Whether it was the strident note in Steve's voice or the way those arms felt, for a moment Tony let him.
Steve lifted both hands in the air in a motion of surrender. "I'm sorry you feel that way." He was proud of himself for keeping that light and straightforward, and not at all like it stung. Tony didn't owe him every single thought or worry in his head. Steve was there for him if he wanted to share them though. "But if it is the truth serum—"
He was already walking out of his living quarters to find Tony by the time he answered Rhodey, "If he says so, then he's probably telling the truth?"
"I—I—" Steve grasped for words. "I watched you die."
"Yeah, I have some thoughts around that." Tony stopped in his tracks and swirled back dramatically. He had the stage; Steve was watching attentively where he sat. "For the past couple of days we've been focusing on getting a second vial."
The thought crystallized in his head, and somehow it was Steve's voice that might have said it at one point or another, when Tony had made another call that risked certain death. Or maybe it was Steve making the call that put himself in harm's way and how Tony felt thinking he was dying. In a frozen moment, his eyes sought out Steve on the other end of the clearing, throwing off an alien and turning, suddenly. Steve saw him. Steve's eyes burrowed into his, bright pinpricks. In another instant, darkness would swallow even his brilliant spark. All of it existed still and immutable as if frozen in time. And Tony was going to save them, but he needed some help.
"Okay," he said quietly, striving for normalcy. He tucked his hands under his armpits, trying to fit into a seat that was a bit too small for him. "We should get some rest."
In that moment, Steve heard splashing from the entrance of the tunnel and naturally thought he was imagining it. Then, with enormous relief, he recognized Tony, even in the near dark.
"I'm always right," Tony put in with a tiny smile.
"I know," Tony said with simple certainty. "And I know there will always be more we could have prevented. Challenger. Others."
, rather than being locked up in his lab. Her dark eyes switched between Tony and Steve and seemed to say:
The promise of something bright and beautiful faded out like the light. Tony's chest ached, but it was a familiar thing, this feeling; and this time he'd engineered it himself rather than having it sprung open like a yawning maw beneath his feet.
Steve's blue eyes smiled at him, and then Steve ducked down and pressed a little kiss to Tony's mouth again. Tony grinned against his lips. All those PDAs. Steve was going to be unbearable with them, Tony just knew. He'd come on all rules and regulations, but he was going to be the one to break them all.
"You know that there isn't anything you can't tell me, right?" Steve assured, hoping to set him at ease.
They would do this together, too.
"So is this a recent development?" Sam, maybe.
. You're always the same. Like a constant."
Steve's words fell like stones into a quiet lake, rippling and sweeping through Tony's world.
"Oh, it's me!" He didn't have to pretend to be delighted. "You made a doll of me?"
." In a half hour preferably, he thought.
Another lingering look passed between them, then Steve let his eyes drift shut.
...I think about making you happy, and—and—what's my love and what
Steve was still next to him, but he was silent, keeping himself to himself. They looked at each other, across the divide between their reclined seats. Steve's mouth opened to speak, but he bit back whatever words seemed ready to spring out. After a long silence, Tony huffed and shut his eyes, tilting his face into his jacket, serving as a pillow.
He heard Steve lock and bar the door behind them with a desk. They had an agreement that if Zola did show up, Steve would only punch him a little, but overall they preferred not to be interrupted.
"You know they grow up to weigh 150 pounds, right?" Newfoundland dogs were cute as hell though, Tony had to admit. He'd always had a weakness for a large animal.
"You're here." Steve squeezed his eyes shut, butting his head into the crook of Tony's neck, shakily breathing in his scent. Tony's silky hair against his nose was the softest, most comforting sensation imaginable to bury himself in. It felt so real. Steve didn't know what to think. The last thing he remembered were vague snatches of a conversation with Sam. He was going back in time to Peggy, though Sam didn't know that yet. Bucky was saying his goodbye. Tony was dead. Yet, undeniably, Steve was holding him in his arms right now.
"Then why didn't you say anything?" Tony glared, tugging his hand back. "All it would have taken is letting me in on your plan." He wasn't sure they were talking about hustling pool at that point, but it was all the same. Steve talked about doing things together, but push came to shove and this was his default.
Steve took the burger and began to eat. After a minute of slow chewing, he looked up. "What are you having?"
His visits grew further and further apart. Tony knew a few years down the road Steve had gotten into some sort of support group and was working himself into the ground helping people cope with the new world they all found themselves in. Natasha, in coordination with FRIDAY, made a point of keeping Tony updated on major planet events, and apparently what Steve was doing with his life qualified. Tony never complained about the updates, of course, because the distance between him and Steve was a constant unrelenting ache. Even at night, exhausted from looking after his darling Morguna, sometimes Tony couldn't sleep, wondering
"At the lake house?"
"Oh my god." Tony leaned back to peer at him. "You didn't just use that line on me."
Tony appreciated the words, even if they didn't assuage his guilt. They had a shot at getting home, if tomorrow went off without a hitch, but if they couldn't get the Pym particles it was going to be a very slow trip back. "Getting stuck in the 1970s wasn't part of the plan."
. He was okay with the idea of all those other memories being a dream, if only everyone was okay, and Tony was alive. His eyes fell on the letters on Tony's Led Zeppelin shirt he'd noticed earlier — besides, you couldn't read within a dream.
He glanced back at the man by his side and caught Steve looking softly at him. His heart stuttered, and they both looked away.
since you were bleeding from a hole in your chest!"
me to kiss you?"
. He had legitimate trauma!
He was still trying to wrestle the heavy grate off his leg with unsteady, cold hands, and it stubbornly refused to budge, essentially pinning him in place to the floor. The cold did not affect him as quickly as a regular person, but even with the benefits of the serum, his body was struggling to cope after being submerged in the icy water for so long. Tony had been gone for thirty six minutes since Steve started counting them in his head, to keep his focus. The one saving grace was Tony had been uninjured in the tunnel collapse, except for minor bruising, and after they had been unable to pull Steve right leg out on their own, he'd gone looking for help.
"Are they ready?" Steve asked. He put out a hand for his duplicate vial. Even though his features were hidden by the image inducer, his hand was familiar, large, dry skin. Tony knew what it felt like in his own hand.
"Oh, stop it." Tony sighed. "You should leave, you really should." He bit his lip, before saying, as if compelled, "I can't lie, and any moment I'll tell you— I'll tell you—" Tony seemed to struggle and then just went for it, squeezing his eyes shut, "That you shouldn't marry me." He opened his eyes and looked a bit sick.
That thought became another, became more. Became a command.
"Oh, thank God," Pepper's voice cried out, somewhere nearby.
The blond hunk was frowning at him. Tony wiggled a little so that he could get a foot out of the bind of the leashes he'd suddenly found himself in, while also keeping track of the sunglasses that threatened to fall off his head.
"Don't go!" No doubt Tony could hear the fear in his voice, but Steve needed him here. If Tony left the room, Steve thought he would wake up from this dream. He
"I guess."
"Yeah, a good, big crane, buddy," Tony answered kindly, patting Steve's cheek. "Gonna work us a miracle here. You with me?"
Steve chuckled humorously. "Forget it." He twisted and tried to stretch, the space in the car clearly too cramped for his legs. With the car off and no artificial illumination, Tony could just pick him out from the little whispers of cloth against the seat and the faint outline of his chin, lit up only by the hazy moonlight. For a moment, the light vanished behind a passing cloud and Tony was irrationally afraid when it reappeared he'd find himself alone.
wanted it to work. They belonged together. "Because I really want to marry you
Steve moved forward and clutched Tony to his chest, careful of his injured arm. It was nice. Tony let the armor melt away where Steve touched him, sinking into the warm embrace. He'd been hoping for more kissing, but—
The moment passed in silence, Steve flipped the lid shut and put the compass away, sighing. He passed a tired hand over his eyes, but it wasn't to wipe away tears. Tony had never seen him cry, no matter what life threw at him.
Tony got so anxious at the thought of him leaving, he instantly decided it would be for the best. "You don't have to stay." Had to get it over with. His heart began to pound in his chest. He hated feeling so damn useless, and hated having a witness even more. In the past, Tony had tried very hard to not let anyone see, but he'd...slipped. And he'd let Steve in.
about being on this Time Heist with Steve set Tony's heart beating too quickly in his chest. Besides the hope that this plan had given to all of the Avengers, Tony had a personal interest in time travel since childhood, sparked reading Ray Bradbury and H.G. Wells under the bed-covers at night. While a big part of him was terrified of never seeing Morgan again, he was also nearly jubilant to get to travel through time. The very idea had Tony's inner geek freaking out. And then there was the way Steve had said he trusted him: certainly, and without reservation. The way he'd made the call to jump into the past, with nothing but one of Tony's wild guesses and his word to rely on. That kind of trust was equal parts wonderful and unbearable, both.
"The red button. Really?" Steve said dryly, walking over.
Steve leaned against the doorway, while Tony examined the side of his face in the mirror. God, he hadn't really been sleeping much since Scott's visit had given him the final piece of the puzzle for the time traveling mechanism. The lack of sleep showed in the tired lines of his face; the last time he'd looked like this Morgan had been going through the terrible twos.
Pepper put the hand that wasn't holding the dog's leash on her hip, and frowned at him. "Are you going to be difficult?" Her jaw set. The dog turned to Tony and barked once and wagged her curled tail with diabolical joy.
"How are you here?" Steve clutched Tony's shoulder with one hand. Tony
Steve fought with his memory, before a fuzzy recollection of that evening surfaced. They'd been at an arms dealer conference; Tony couldn't bring his suit because of security concerns from the organizers. That's why Steve was accompanying him in the first place, acting as a sort of bodyguard. At least that was before they'd ended up chasing the bad guys through the underground tunnels beneath the town, ending up in this older section connected to the water system.
And now, here they were, with an actual plan. Everything could still go side-ways, but at least they were doing
Suddenly he needed a touchstone. He needed to see Steve, to know that he was really with him. The desire to map out his face with his eyes again was a jittering, nervous itch under his skin.
"I can think of a way to pass the time," he mumbled, trying to power through on sheer verve, even if he was feeling about as sexy as a limpet.
"Then—. Oh. Oh!"
you. I remember how it felt to carry you from the battlefield. But you're here," Steve's arms tightened their hold on Tony's waist, but only briefly. He didn't dare to hold him for too long, in case his hands would slip through and he'd discover Tony was only a mirage. But his arms, his arms felt as if they were made to hold Tony close, just like this. "We're together here. God, Nat— Natasha would have liked to see that."
Tony didn't respond for a moment. "Was she gone, too?"
"I promise you, it's real."
"What do the seventies thrift stores even look like?" he wondered idly.
"Shhh," he whispered into Steve's hair, kissing his brow. For some reason this made Steve cry harder, curling himself against Tony's chest. It was warm there. "I'm here," Tony repeated, while Steve tried to hold back pathetic sounds. "It's okay. You're okay. Mostly. You seem to have a bit of a memory skip there. But you're safe, honey."
"Then there's getting to Jersey. We definitely don't have the money to both rent a car and eat — you choose."
They stood side-by-side and watched the machine work in silence.
of it?"
"Well, yeah?" Steve said distractedly. He didn't seem to think anything much of it. "Oh.
"You asked already." Tony gently tilted his chin up. "I love you," he said with confidence. "And you, Mister, are not getting rid of me so easily."
"—more than what?"
Steve looked startled and slightly confused. Hesitantly, he took his hand away. "You need to relax." He was whispering for no reason at all; there was nobody around for miles, only the sky and the stars to hear them.
Silently, Steve lifted four of them from his breast pocket to show him. Tony admired the foresight to grab more than they needed, for backup.
to get married?" he stumbled over the question, his whole chest in a vice that made it hard to draw breath.
Tony's heart rejected them all, clinging to the sound of Steve's voice, harsh and unrelenting as he said his piece. Like a foolish, fallible organ that it was, his heart clung to the way Steve's eyes tracked his, as if hungry for any glimpse of reciprocal feelings.
He crouched in front of Steve, grabbing his shoulders, looking into his face. The image of Steve bleeding out, dying, rose before his eyes and Tony's heart gave a violent lurch. "I would have never let you jump." The words blurted out of his mouth before he knew he was saying them.
Steve stared up into the starry sky, wide-eyed with a sudden thought. "Did you give me mouth-to-mouth?"
you—" A new harsh sob tore out of his throat, his chest aching the way it had that day at the lake; the funeral. He couldn't remember how he'd made it from the house to where he could be alone. He didn't remember a whole lot about the rest of that day, really. It made it easier to believe that maybe—
Tony had made the biggest production out of the proposal (lighting up the Empire State Building had been the least of it), and he'd been nervous to the point of shaking until Steve's equally affected and nervous yes. But after? They'd had a sort of post-engagement honeymoon period where everything was going so smoothly, and even their inevitable bickering disagreements had gotten softer and, well, loving somehow. They
"Hey," Tony didn't startle when Steve was at his side, briefly touching his elbow and bringing Tony out of his reverie. "You should get that cut treated." He nodded his chin towards the injury. It had stopped bleeding even back in 2012, but Tony felt a burn whenever he moved the muscles on his face.
Fifi barked again, louder this time, his anxiety sparking off her own.
Thus, anonymous, and burying his head in his phone like his sanity depended on it, Tony navigated the New York sidewalks all the way to the Central park, and down one of the more secluded paths there. Where due to his distraction he promptly ran into a man taller than him, causing the man to drop all the journals he was carrying.
Instead, Steve took out a rolled up wad of green bills and threw it on the covers. "I won some money at pool."
Tony's mind raced towards that decision even as beside him Steve said sharply. "I've got an idea."
Sighing, Tony ran his fingers down to his chest where, hidden behind the t-shirt, the scars from Max's claw marks had healed, even if his heart would never heal completely. He rubbed the little puckered edges now and tried to put aside the thought of what Obie had to have done to friendly, lovable Max to get him to that edge.
"You have them?"
"She can't speak English," Tony called after her.
Tony stared out into the darkness outside the car. It took him a while to realize he never said good night back, and by then they both pretended Steve was asleep.
"I just need to be able to go outside," Steve glanced down at his Captain America suit in consternation. "It's Thursday, which means tomorrow is Friday, which means a whole bunch of soldiers will be doing their laundry in time for the weekend." Steve gave Tony a significant look.
"Here..."
a few minutes earlier that Tony was gone forever with the same certainty he knew Tony was here with him. "I'm very confused. I thought... The fight— And—And the gauntlet. I—" Fresh tears spilled down his cheeks. With a deep sigh, Tony moved forward and put his arms around him, hugging him tight.
Steve gave a sigh and a unsteady smile, just a barely-there curl of lips. "Okay, fine. You win," he said softly, the grip of his fingers on Tony's wrist slackening. "We stay together."
On impulse, Steve caught his wrist at the last moment, stopping him in his tracks. Tony's look back at him was terrified beyond measure, as if he had only barely controlled his expression when he'd known Steve would see. Before Tony could even try to compose himself again, Steve squeezed his wrist. "If anything happens—No,
"Buster likes people," Steve advised from his side, the nudge clear in his voice.
"But did you see Clint when he learned he could go into space?" Steve said softly into the oncoming dusk. "I think he actually cracked a smile. After that, no way was Natasha gonna let him go off on his own, what's with everything."
," she said with the air of someone who was tired of explaining obvious things to adults. "Because it makes
"You don't know my pain." Tony stretched out his back, shifting this way and that until nothing was poking him in the sides and he could rest more or less comfortably on the seat. Water sluiced down the windshield as he watched. He said thoughtfully, keeping his voice low, "With our luck, we'll get struck by lightning."
Steve's touch was like a key turning in a lock. Tony knew suddenly that he could let Steve into his home, and trust that Morgan would still be safe. That if there was any danger, Steve would put himself bodily between it and Morgan without a moment's hesitation. He'd die for Tony's girl, the same way Tony would. And Steve wouldn't resent Tony the times he had to put Morgan first.
Without words, Tony punched his shoulder, lightly. Then kissed him for good measure.
He had his arms out in front of him to protect himself before he even knew what was happening. A second later, the logical part of his brain intruded, recognized Buster as a puppy who wanted to be petted, not a monster out to chew on his throat. Already at Tony's flinch back, Buster had let out a whine and plonked back down onto the grass, a foot away, staring askance at Tony with a slow wag of his tail on the ground. Tony lowered his hands, but by then it was already too late, and Steve had seen his whole ridiculous, comical overreaction. He was looking at Tony now with an expression of bewildered upset.
Steve gave a quick laugh, and the sound delighted Tony. His shoulders unwound, he squinted at the screen once more and, aha. There. He finally figured out the configuration of commands they needed, hands flying over the keyboard. The next while passed as he programmed the instructions into the terminal, while Steve added compounds to the loading slots of the machine as directed. Steve put the working vial of Pym particles into one of the open slot and they watched it get sucked into a sort of metal tube. Tony loaded up the program and stepped back.
"I do!" Tony cried out. He came closer to Steve and grabbed his hands, bringing them to his chest to clutch them there. "I really want to marry you!" he stressed.
"Steve?"
make plans that don't involve me."
Steve didn't answer, forcing his eyes to stay open.
"Everyone in attendance has the same clearance as us," Steve pointed out reasonably. "Let's go. There's nowhere else I'd rather be."
. There just wasn't any other way."
Tony stared at the text. Not even he was dense enough to answer that what he was thinking: when are you picking up this dog?
He'd had nightmares like this, after they first got together and he was undeniably happy. The moment his brain had accepted that this was serious, that Tony was here with him for real, Steve had started waking up  in cold sweat in the middle of the night after realistic-feeling dreams of being yanked out of time into another century, of being forced to wake up in a different world altogether, everyone being gone. His mind had conjured up scenarios of losing Tony and Tony losing him. It had been hard. Tony would spend more time with him on purpose, talk to him in the middle of the night, on very little sleep, just to let him get used to the new normal. Tony helped Steve relax into their relationship until he felt its undeniable truth down to his bones.
Fifi whined and wagged her tail with vigor, looking at Tony with excited brown eyes that said:
He was talking about a future;
This time they brought everything they needed to take with them into the future to the base, the Space stone extracted from the Tesseract and Steve's shield. That last one had bottlenecked them for a while, as they talked through the possible scenarios, such as a large case to sneak it on the base, but in the end it became a part of their cover story.
: even the stupid embarrassing stuff that left Tony wide-open and vulnerable. The nine year old who'd wanted to break the rules just to get a chance to be a normal kid.
As soon as the shots rang out, Tony knew on the level of instinct how Steve would react. He would move to avoid casualties and to protect their prize. Steve's preternatural reaction times were fast enough to fling himself out of the way of bullets. Tony himself was already in the process of letting his armor envelop his body. The time for secrecy was past, he had to get him and Steve out of here or risk casualties. The alarm sound grew distant as the armor slid seamlessly around his head, and he felt a sense of control returning. His elbows and knees smarted from the fall, but the exhilaration of being in the armor made the pinpricks of pain seem distant.
Steve resumed reading aloud, and one thing was different: a new note showed up in his voice that spoke of gladness, a certain measure of happiness that snuck in. Tony nuzzled his chest, while the quiet words filled the room and Steve's steady heartbeat echoed in his ear.
"Better with you here," Steve said, turning fully, so his back was against the railing, and his arms were open.
"Exactly."
Tony shivered, although there was no wind. He looked down at Fifi, who was certainly made for fresh air and
"We did defeat Thanos; you were there." Tony frowned. His fingers brushed the bandages on Steve's head. He glanced towards the bedroom door, reluctance on his face. "I really should at least get someone—"
"Does your head still hurt?" Steve whispered, and with his eyes still closed, Tony felt him move closer, as if to check, as if the magnetism between them was literally pulling him towards Tony and any second he was going to wrap his arms around him, hold and kiss him.
"I don't hear any thunder." Steve also peered out. For a while, they watched the rain together. It struck hard against the top of the car, and Tony wasn't sure if he'd be able to sleep with the drumming noise. Eventually though, the April shower passed and left behind a sweet tang of fresh air and damp earth. The moon came out, nearly full. Neither of them was asleep, and Tony tried very hard not to let any of his inner confusion distort the comfort permeating the atmosphere. It almost felt like they were two friends, out camping. Not two Avengers on a desperate mission to rescue half the universe. Tony turned their improvised plan over and over in his head.
"Then have mercy," Steve said with a curious mix of anger and hurt in his drawn voice. On anyone else, Tony would have called it pleading, but Steve didn't beg, even when he said 'please'. "Don't offer this only to pull away. You know how I feel about you, so don't do this to me."
But eventually, their kiss, too, had to end.
He explained about the five years that followed.
"Tony." Nodding, Steve held his eyes and said in earnest, "I shouldn't have assumed. And, um. Let me make it up to you?"
"Yeah, twist my arm." Steve smiled. "C'mon, my best-decision-of-my-life. Let's not keep our friends waiting."
"I'll be fine," Steve said, looking and sounding tired. "You have to get back. To your family. Morgan." The last was barely audible. He leaned more of his weight on Tony, seemingly unaware he was doing it even as he listed to the side.
The stranger was also securely fastened to Tony at the knees, with what looked like two dog leashes, only one of which ended in Tony's hand. When Tony examined the predicament they found themselves in, he realized the man had a black dog with him, a breed with distinctive looks that Tony had no trouble placing when it already came up to his knee as a puppy.
Tony didn't meet anyone's eyes as he walked out of the Tower, trusting his shades to keep his face hidden from prying eyes. Besides, nobody would expect Tony Stark in the presence of a dog. His "dislike" of dogs was after all well documented. The most obvious sign of stress Tony allowed himself to exhibit was a tight clench on Fifi's leash. It wouldn't do to lose the dog in the City. But his anxieties about being yanked off his feet by his four-legged companion failed to materialize. Being that she was Pepper's dog, Fifi was of course well trained and walked calmly at his side, only sniffing the occasional fire hydrant or lamp post. Tony let her do her thing as long as he could keep his distance and not get involved.
And, yeah, he was calling it now. They were going to be
Tony put his face in his hands and lowered his head to the desk in front of him.
Although the convenience of punching the information out of Zola became more and more appealing the longer Tony studied the instruction set on the machine, scrolling through section by section. When he briefly glanced over the shoulder, he saw Steve had found a metal chair and was kicked back, leaning only on the chair's hind legs, his feet up on one of the wooden desks. He was between Tony and the door and seemed perfectly content to perform guard duty while he waited.
"I do. I do!" Steve insisted, staring at him wide-eyed from where he sat.
"Okay," Steve nodded. "Then that's the plan."
Tony's eyes fell on the empty bed in the room, the one where the covers still vaguely recalled the press of Steve's body on them. After some time resting, the man had rolled his long legs off the bed, rising, and said he had to get out, had to clear his head. He'd been cooped up for days and was understandably ready to climb walls, so besides telling him to be safe, Tony didn't protest.
Tony's eyes widened. Him and Steve.
"What?" Steve said as he cautiously followed his fiancé inside.
Tony rushed up to set both hands on Steve's shoulders, pushing him to lie down on his side, back onto the makeshift bed of hay. "Rest," he said, low and unexpectedly angry again, but trying to keep it to himself. The anger rolled in his stomach, tangled up with worry, even as he worked to soften his voice for Steve's sake. Tony wasn't someone typically accused of gentleness, but he wanted to be gentle with Steve now. "We're not pawning your trinket." He curled one hand around Steve's fingers, curving them tighter around the memento.
Steve's spirits sank. "I just want to know if he's alright."
"How's your head?" Steve asked seriously. So, he'd noticed Tony's little wince.
Tony thought back to a time when learning that Cap was willing to steal a car would have shocked him, back when he'd had Steve on the kind of pedestal nobody could live up to, back when Steve had struggled to live up to those expectations, before it all came crashing down. There was an aching sentimentality attached to the recollections of that other time, a world that was gone and swept away to live on only in their memories. But instead of making him sad, today the memories made Tony feel stronger, because, well, hadn't they made it this far?
"We should get moving," Steve articulated what he wanted to be happening.
Today — the day they signed the papers and got married for real — had been something they were both looking forward to. He thought.
"It's gonna be fine," Steve told him. Tony threw him another wild look, full of unspoken words, and turned to leave.
Tony swirled around and spread his hands like he had nothing more to say. "I can't go outside like this. The first person who asks me questions will get an earful. I'm talking
"Then leave Fifi with your assistant." Tony turned to his work, attempting to ignore her. It didn't work. His amygdala was going haywire sounding the proximity alarm:
"Working on that." Steve drew a shuddering breath. "We're on even ground now." He didn't know if the truth serum was working, or if he'd even be affected given the supersoldier serum running through his veins. But he wanted nothing less than to tell Tony the truth anyway. It was a compulsion that had been there before, buoyed by his emotions, and if the serum helped them along, that only made it easier.
to know, that I won't love you any less no matter what you say. Unless...you don't
Eyes glittering, Steve was studying his face and Tony hoped the dark was enough to cover his thoughts.
Tony helped him sit down on the side of the bed, grunting. "I don't mind!"
And so, at around seven, as the day's warmth was giving way to the cooler breeze of the April evening, two men walked out of the small hotel that was paid up until morning, intending never to return.
happy."
And Steve wasn't done. He was still watching Tony with an indescribable look in his eyes, their blue turned a paler washed out gray in the moonlight. "Sometimes I feel like you're a universal fixed point. And— There's a force of gravity, pulling me to you, into your orbit." Steve looked down after, like hiding his eyes would take some of the punch from the words. It didn't.
"If you don't let me get a doctor, sweetheart, you should rest a bit. Lie down, huh." He eased Steve back down to the pillows of the large king bed. It was true, he was exhausted and still weak. The pounding in his head had been there in the background, but at the reminder the pulsing pain crested in full force, and Steve groaned.
Being surrounded by Zola's private research was mind-bending. In these rooms lay the foundations of Project Insight. In here, Zola had began to conceive a container for his intellect that was a computer when his body started failing him. Perhaps it was in these very rooms that Howard had made the final progress with the super soldier serum that would eventually get him killed. In the corner of the lab stood the machine Tony wanted to use, a glass container with a space for a vial, and a computer terminal. He turned it on, and set to work.
"—but if it's more than that—"
The dog-sitter Natasha texted him thirty minutes later.
Tony frowned. Yeah, he couldn't wait to see his kid again, and reunite with the other Avengers, but never like this. He wouldn't risk Steve.
"Oh, well, okay, if it's only your shoulder!"
A moment of silence lingered. "I know that," Tony whispered, just above the sound of running water. He yanked weakly at his wrist, and after another quick squeeze for reassurance, Steve forced himself to let go.
from loving someone so much. He wanted everyone in the world to feel even a tiny bit as happy as he felt holding her in his arms. A minute later, Steve had flipped his Captain face on, and concluded his business in a formal manner, leaving promptly with a quiet, "I am happy for you, Tony."
"You don't remember it, but you admit I'm the best kisser." Tony whispered the last against his mouth, before ducking in to prove it, kissing him soundly. Best or not, the kiss was amazing. Steve felt enveloped by it. The brush of Tony's lips against his own, his questing tongue in Steve's mouth. All of it was new and all of it felt as familiar and as comfortable as if they'd been kissing for years.
"Exactly."
"Okay," Tony said, biting his lower lip so he wouldn't tear up. "I suppose you are an adult and have a right to make your own bad decisions. Might as well get married then."
Steve's large hands closed around the glowing gauntlet on Tony's hand, collapsing to his knees right there before him as if called. Tony met his burning blue eyes. In the space of another second, an eternity existed between them. Steve's eyes were wet — that was all Tony was going to remember about that moment: not the terrifying power, not the firestorm he held in his hand. Just Steve and his beautiful eyes, looking right at Tony, as if they were talking. What were the things they were saying? Tony wanted to hear him say the words, just once. And he wanted to cry, to tell him
"—why I had to make the call." He sighed out the last part, sounding almost relieved to get the words out. "There was no time."
"Yes." Steve nodded eagerly, moving closer yet, until their breaths mingled. Tony's lips stretched in an answering smile; irrepressible.
"I do," Steve answered harshly. His lips were pressed in a dissatisfied line, frustration with the way this conversation was going evident in the jerky movements of his hands as he unbuttoned the top two buttons of his shirt and pulled it aside to let Tony examine at the scar tissue there. "I wanted to help."
They looked at each other. Steve's expression slid from dumbfounded to fierce. "I want to be with you."
A sharp lift of a perfect eyebrow. "Remember how you owe me for those pictures that I made go away—"
"Tony..."
"Yeah," Tony answered, still lost in thought, eyes roaming over the large lab. "All this—You know." He paused, winced, started again. "The Apollo 13 launch is tomorrow. I keep thinking: one phone-call is all it would take. An anonymous tip about the oxygen tank."
"He is
Steve shut his eyes, tilting his ear to hear better. Tony followed suit, and yeah, outside the barn the whistling wind sent the field and the leafery of oak trees around them whispering in a soothing chant. There came a faint rustle of Steve shifting next to him, settling in.
Steve crouched and rubbed her forehead, patted her back, stroking the fur that looked to be silky and fine from where Tony was keeping his distance. "What's her name?"
"I thought I could handle it alone. And," Steve admitted quietly, "I didn't want you to worry."
Hadn't they tested that already? When Steve had first come to him at his house (with Natasha and Scott, yes, but Tony only had eyes for him), Tony had said no and Steve had respected that. Tony could read his face, how much the answer had crushed him, but Steve didn't push, when it would have been so easy. That meant something. Steve let Tony choose. And in the end, given the freedom to stay away from the time heist, from the team, from Steve, Tony
wouldn't want me to do that."
"I—" Steve put a hand to his head, which suddenly ached harder from all the disorienting information he was processing: Tony in a black Led Zeppelin t-shirt next to him, this whole quiet place. His eyes roamed the bedroom, lit up softly with the afternoon light. He should have felt awkward, waking up in a strange bed, but a conversation was happening in his body on some subconscious level, and each object his eyes landed on spoke in a familiar tongue. The fur rug at the foot of the bed, the slightly crooked black-and-white photo of the Manhattan skyline hanging on the wall, the way the mattress molded itself against his spine as if designed for him. Outside, he could recognize the familiar grounds and the clear water of the lake; this looked like Tony's lake house. The last time he'd been here, Pepper was clutching Morgan's hand as they all watched the recording.
Steve looked on, and his eyes were inscrutable. Tony waited, because he felt like Steve was picking over the argument and this was important. Tony wanted him to stop clinging to the past and try to be happy. He could practically see the wheels spinning behind those blue eyes as Steve considered his words. But when he spoke, Steve only said simply:
Steve gave an amused huff. "No, Tony. I did do a few things on my own before I joined the Avengers."
She giggled, pigtails swinging. "You're supposed to say!"
"Shhh," next to him, Steve murmured, low. "Can you hear the wind picking up outside? Listen..."
Even Steve's slow blink up at him looked drained. "We okay?"
"Yeah, and?" Tony stroked his hair. "Didn't it work?"
"...Even if we get inside, Pym moved his stuff." Steve rallied around the change of subject like a champ. They'd hashed this out to death earlier that day. It would take time to figure out where Pym stashed his miniaturized equipment and even when they did, getting inside would prove difficult; Pym was a paranoid bastard.
"We don't have to find those vials and we don't
"I don't know what I remember. I remember
"I don't imagine all that different. Not everything's changed as much as you think," Steve said. "It's the little things that used to trip me up. But the rest..."
Steve was in front of the mirror, straightening the black tux he would wear to the reception when he got the call from Rhodey. Rhodey was supposed to be with Tony, being his Best Man and all, so a smidgen of unease prickled at Steve's heart even before he answered the phone.
"Uh. Yeah. Yes, definitely." Tony threw out a peace sign. The desk clerk frowned, so that was probably too much. Grabbing the room key, Tony pulled up a cursory smile and walked out as fast as he dared.
"The whole island has no power; it's mayhem out there," Tony said, which Steve took to mean they were on their own. His heart sank a little more. The cold of the water suddenly registered more strongly, as if the knowledge unlocked some secret pathway in his head, and he shivered. Tony was telling him something; Steve focused on his voice rather than the thought of drowning. "Half the roads are flooded. I stole a big ass crane, I'm gonna hook it up to the grate and I'm gonna yank this sucker out. Then I'll come get you, okay? But you need to stay awake! Can you do that?" he sounded alarmed.
While Tony was distracted with endless, looping thoughts about what Steve had said, something in the engine cracked and an explosion of steam poured out through the openings in the front. Tony had to pull over to the side of the old road as the engine started to overheat. Steve stared at the dashboard like it personally offended him and didn't say a word. After a moment's silence, Tony sighed and got out of the car, walking to the front and popping the hood. A screwdriver and a wrench were two of the first shapes he'd taught his nanites to form, back when he was starting to experiment with the tech, even before he'd done something for the armor. So he was never without his tools. This time however, he could see the root-cause at a glance.
Steve was frowning. "A doctor needs to look at your hand."
"Tony?" Steve managed to gasp past the terrible knot in his throat, past the stinging in his blurring eyes. His arms came up to wrap around the other man, solid and whole —
Tony stared, caught. Steve meant like—like— Like Tony was useful to have around, that was it. With great relief that masked a stinging in his heart, Tony grabbed onto that explanation. It was true, he and Steve worked well together. And when this was over, and they didn't have a world saving adventure to tie them together anymore, they would both look back on these times with fondness. Tony knew he would remember this trip for the rest of his life. Unfortunately, he knew how many nights he'd lie awake, after, wishing Steve had meant something more with those words.
The memory of it stung Steve's heart, so when the funeral was over, he had already mostly decided. He was going to see Peggy and find out if she'd have him. He was tired. He'd lost too much, maybe, and the image of the future without Nat, without Tony who'd brought hope into his life, was a miserable one.
"Handy," was all Steve said, crossing his arms awkwardly on his chest, looking a bit lost. Idleness did not become him, but there was little Tony could do about that until Steve was able to go out in public without having the Second Coming effect on the general population. In fact, now was as good a time as any for Tony to get on with the next part of the plan: this period's clothing.
be friends again and working together
"Look, Daddy! Daddy, look!" Morgan's hand shook his shoulder. "Daddy!"
wrong, and I won't hesitate to send you back."
"I need to talk to Tony." Underneath the calm words his chest was squeezing painfully at the thought that under the effect of the truth serum, Tony didn't want to see him.
, felt dangerous. Tony had always had a problem burdening people too much with his emotional needs. Steve was all manful handshakes, and Tony—Well.
"All those tabloids said—" Steve seemed to realize he was admitting to paying attention to the tabloids and fell silent, wringing Buster's leash between his hands in a sheepish manner.
"We have?" Steve mumbled against Tony's chest, just listening to the steady beat of his heart. How beautiful it was, that sound! "We never fought?"
"I have some ideas about that." Tony smiled, glad to have a partner in crime who was on the same wavelength. "But sit tight." He studied Cap's figure critically. "Your makeover first."
tired of not being able to help." He looked up at Tony with sadness shining in his blue eyes. "You always act like you don't need anyone."
A small part of Tony wanted to strangle him, but mostly he was afraid that Steve might have pulled his wound open again. It was only by the grace of some very slap-dash medical technique that Tony had fixed up the gunshot before. He was definitely not ready to deal with any complications of aggravated gunshot wounds. Steve had been coasting on the miracle that was the serum — as long as it was supplied with plenty of energy it just kept going — but he was mortal, as yesterday amply demonstrated. He could have been recognized, attacked, taken by force, and Tony wouldn't have had a clue where to look. Now he peered at the injury, it didn't look too bad, but recent activity clearly disturbed the wound and the scar was cracked in places and seeping small droplets of blood. Calling up the armored gauntlet and applying the sealant again did the trick. He was gentle, Steve didn't even flinch.
Steve cleared his throat to say: "Suit up."
"Mmm." Tony looked askance at the man, but Steve's eyes were still closed. His fingers moved vaguely, barely lifting off the ground. "Go. I'll be fine." Though quiet, the words were full of determination — a Captain taking charge of his own recovery. Tony watched the steady rise and fall of his chest, conflicted, then with a heart heavy from a maddening mixture of feelings, he went to do what had to be done.
"Steve," Tony put a hand over Steve's palm on his shoulder, squeezing warmly. "You're at home. You're safe. You took a real hard knock to the head." Tony frowned. "Much worse than we realized. You woke up a few hours ago, very confused, but it seemed like you figured out what's what eventually. Now you're
The Beatles came on again, with another one of their hits, and Tony huffed. "They are going to break up any day now, you know."
It was up to him to get them back home. Leaving Steve alone in the past wasn't an option, but Tony couldn't abandon Morgan either; she needed him. The thought of being torn away from her like this, through his own mistakes, was unbearable. He couldn't live out his life here, in this time, and never get to see her again. But the only way he could see to stealth back on that base was with a disguise, and Tony would need time to build that.
to understand the science. I hate to say that, but we don't have the time. Instead we can duplicate the one vial we already have. Synthesize a replica of it."
The moment the hotel clerk looked up and saw Tony there, his expression turned secretive and he covered the receiver on the phone, as if Tony could overhear the other side of the conversation. Tony paused on the way to the stairs and studied him. The smile plastered on the clerk's face so bland as to be entirely fake, and Tony had been in enough situations like this himself to know the jig was up.
"Now up, up, up! We need to go see if anyone else needs our help." He climbed to his feet with obvious effort, then offered his hand to Steve to help him rise. Wiggled his fingers when Steve just stared at them, shocked to have the flirtation yanked away from him so completely.
The wind seemed to go out of Steve's sails. "I should have told you my plan," he said. "I'm just really," — he rubbed his face — "
with Steve? Sure, he talked about doing this together, but push came to shove and he had acted like he was on his own. Tony paced the length of the barn along the edge of the hay, once, twice. He hated to sit here and stew. "I need to make a run for food, and check on the situation we left behind." He needed to be
