"You were a rat. He already knew. How?" Sam demanded, slamming his fist on the desk. The rest of them watched from outside for now.
Steve sighed internally. This was about making a point...the greater good, and all that. Sometimes he needed to calm himself down. This was one of those moments.
"I know," said Steve.  He ducked as he got out of the chopper, the roar of the rotor drowning out any more words between him and Natasha.  He covered his eyes as she lifted the helicopter back into the air, the blades churning up debris in the empty lot he was standing in.  He stood there in the parking lot she'd dropped him off in, watching the speck of her aircraft disappear into the sky, leaving him alone.  It was only after the helicopter had disappeared over the horizon that Steve turned and loped off.  He had errands to run, and an Alpha to return to.
Steve was introduced to so many people from the Status Alliance in so very few minutes that he really could not keep up. But he was all polite smiles and handshakes all the same. Banksy was clearly excited for Steve to meet 'his people' and it he couldn't hardly deny the man on his birthday. Eventually Banksy settled him down with a drink (Jesus, it was strong. It seemed everyone was aware of his metabolism and were trying to compensate) with two young men from Status Alliance. They were around Steve's age, both omegas and he was pretty sure they were a couple...or just overly touchy. Some omegas were like that with each other.
Tony swigged the last of the bottle and let it drop to the floor with a sigh, tugging the duvet over his head.  Steve's presence was warm and heavy and solid next to him. Tony doubted he'd ever get used to just how enormous Steve was.
But Tony knew that the government waited for no man and so he tried to consider himself lucky to be allowed to tag along in the first place.
? Haven't seen that one yet, it's on the list though," Steve recalled as he walked up to Tony and pressed a kiss to his temple. He looked over the bench and realised he didn't really have a clue what Tony was doing. He got that the suit would self-assemble... he didn't need to understand
"Nothing," said Pepper, tucking it into her pocket with the dogtags.  "Just wrapping from that box. I'll toss it out."
t was what the guy wore under his uniform.  It looked good, but then, everything did on Steve.  Most clothes clung tightly to him, particularly his arms; the average t-shirt didn't expect biceps like his, the result being that, at any given time, he looked like one good flex would tear whatever he was wearing.  (This had happened only a couple of times.)
"--what's the point of having you working for them if you can't even keep tabs on him?" Karpov was yelling into the phone.  "He's either in Malibu or Westwood! Check one, then the other!" A pause. "Of course he hasn't sold the Westwood residence, he killed two of our agents there, no one in their right mind would buy the place now!"
to you?  We don't even have to talk about Stark, if you don't want to.  But we're worried about you."  A pause.  "As friends," she added.  Steve knew that for Natasha, such statements carried a lot of weight; she didn't trust easily and she reserved actual friendship for a very, very elite few.
"I have your singer lined up for tomorrow. They're arriving at nine," Aria said, walking into the kitchen, her eyes bright. "You should be excited. She's
"Home" was Tony's house.  It felt strange, uncanny, to leave the hospital to find Happy waiting for them beside a fancy SUV with tinted windows.  Happy had hugged him when he saw him and it had been strange... strange to think of the man worrying him about him like that. Steve hadn't really thought about Happy once in his two-month vacation... but the man had been worried about him. Guilt weighed heavy in his chest...and on his goddamn ankle. They had been tagged like dogs. All of them punished, but only one of them had done something wrong. Maybe if Steve painted them all as heroes in his apology, then the Prime Minister Yemen would let the others off. Or would the President be in charge of that?  Or someone from the World Security Council?  Steve was unclear, but he felt terrible about way his little stunt had affected the others.  If Steve made it embarrassing for them to be persecuted, or something. He didn't know. He wasn't very good at politics.
Bizarrely, he thought of the squirrel suit.  It was in coat check. He wasn't wearing pants, but there was nothing they could do about that.
Tony's mind turned toward those motherfucking tulips, and it was like a fist clenched around his stomach, tight and painful.  He couldn't tell if that was from him, or his mate.
"Hey, Kate," Steve replied a little a awkwardly, eyeing the blonde Alpha with some degree of suspicion. She was overly cheery and comfortable and apparently knew who he was. Something didn't quite... click. "You alright?" he asked her, and Kate smiled prettily, but it didn't meet her eyes.
Over in Piper's little group of friends, there was a bunch of giggly laughter.  Without any Alphas around, everyone in the room seemed to have loosened up considerably.  There were definite cliques, though; Joan and Maria seemed wary of Hal and Lola. The omegas with stricter, more conservative Alphas maintained their distance from those with more forward-thinking Alphas, and there was a large group of very young omegas who seemed to be friends simply based on their age.  However, everyone seemed friendly with everyone else... with one exception. There was a young man standing in the corner sipping a drinking and holding a book in one hand, reading it, and everyone was ignoring him. Steve recognized him as Rex.
Was he allowed to talk about Bucky?  Steve had reassured him nothing had happened.  Tony wasn't even sure if he could believe him. But whatever.  Bucky was in cryo now, supposedly.
Tony rolled over and vomited, suddenly aware that he was breathing fast and shallow.  He was having a panic attack. It had come on suddenly and he suddenly had a very good answer to Steve's question about why he'd gotten drunk, but Steve had already left, and Tony was feeling too weak and shaky to go find him.  He rolled off the cot (happily on the opposite side of the one he'd vomited on) and then slithered under the cot, curling into the dirt. He could handle dirt. But the cot, no. He cot reminded him too much of the one he'd sat on in Jalalabad in a medical tent, straining to breathe through sore, cracked ribs, his emotions a confused mess of mourning and jubilation.  He had made it. He was alive. But Yinsen wasn't. And who knew how long his arc reactor would hold for. And who knew if he'd ended up with AIDS or something. And besides, destroying one little outpost in the middle of nowhere didn't fix that his weapons were probably distributed far and wide, in hundreds or even thousands of other caves, ones that might as well have been run by him personally, because they had his name stamped all over the place: STARK.  STARK. STARK.
"Eurgh.  Sorry I asked.  Have fun, you two." Aria rose.  Tony looked at Steve lovingly. Sometimes, Tony felt like Steve and Pepper were the only two good things in his life.
Tony frowned and tossed the pamphlet onto a nearby end table.  "...be careful out there," he warned.
.  He bet this didn't happen to other Alphas.  He bet Alphas like Rhodey never had to worry their omegas were keeping other Alphas.
"Don't you get it?" Steve muttered into the floor and he almost sounded...angry. His eyes fluttered open. "Don't you
"...it's not like I've never been with a girl who didn't have her ex's name tattooed on her," said Tony suddenly, trying to inject some humor into the situation.  As if bond marks weren't a big deal.
The room she led them to was oddly cozy.  It had a sofa and a rug; it looked almost homely.  Tony and Steve took the sofa. Natasha grabbed a chair and sat opposite them.
A second later Richard was holding up a slimy, blue-veined ball that looked, to Tony, like a potato with eyes.  The eyes were blue. They blinked, unfocused, and then the potato began crying. It wasn't a baby's cry. More of an
"He wants what I can't give him," Steve whispered, sounding miserable as he pushed his hands over his face. He sniffed, wanting to be stronger than this. But in that moment he just felt overwhelmed with guilt. He felt sick with it.
"Oh, sweet, simple Barton.  MD5 hashes are easy to crack open.  Don't worry, I'll redo your security system once I'm officially on board.  So I wanted to ask you some quick questions.  Is now a good time?"
He turned to Steve.  "So, a scan, like, what, a CT scan?  Or an MRI or whatever?  That doesn't sound so bad."  He brought Steve's hand up and kissed it.  Steve's skin smelled warm and rich and familiar; it brought up a tangle of happy memories.  Tony resisted the urge to lick him.  Steve was still clearly uncomfortable; Tony wondered if he was self-conscious about the possibility that he had brain damage.  "Hey.  Look.  Everyone's got scars.  It's not a big deal.  No one expects you to walk away from a world war without a couple of dents," said Tony, holding Steve's hand.  "And what happened to Barnes... That wasn't your fault.  You tried to save him, Steve, I saw.  I know what it's like, to feel like you didn't do enough.  But you did everything you could."
Tony tried to think of anything else to say, but couldn't.  So he didn't.  He remained lying on the couch, arms crossed.  He didn't really care if Steve wanted to lie prostrate like that on the rug for the rest of the day.  He couldn't accept another apology.  Not again.  Not after what Steve had done to him.  Because there were probably more lies and Tony just couldn't handle having an unfaithful, untrustworthy omega.  Tony felt a lump for in his throat, a prickling in the eyes. Damn it.
Tony grabbed a glove to make sure his hand was sanitary more than to keep Steve’s blood off him and grabbed an antiseptic. He began treating the wound. After a minute, Steve frantically tapped Tony’s shoulder.
Peter noticed the panicked look in Steve’s eyes and the way he was actively trying to repress his trembling. The blanket probably wouldn’t even help Peter anyway. He should just let Steve keep it. He shook his head and tried to smile, but his teeth ended up violently chattering, causing Steve to rush over.
“It’s good, right?” Tony gleefully questions his boyfriend. Steve hums in contentment to validate Tony’s choice of drink. For their third date, Steve had suggested a relaxing picnic in Central Park. Of course, storm clouds had to release a downpour to rain on their parade. Tony salvaged the afternoon by suggesting a fancy coffee shop he visited often due to its location near the Stark Industries building.
Tony was muttering a string of curses as he entered the dingy old place. It clearly wasn't made to be lived in as there was only one room with a couch and a pantry of canned goods. There was an extensive first aid kit and a large basket full of warm emergency blankets. The men hypothesized that it was a backup in case patrol workers got stuck on top of the mountain.
“Here, I’ll help you.” Peter showed Steve and Bucky how to remove the masks without irritating their skin too much and handed them a moisturizer for their faces. When they came back, Natasha was giving Clint a back massage while Tony was painting Thor’s nails with a clear polish from somewhere.
“Why’d they add it?” Steve was now confused about something else. He’d thought the government got less and less tangled with religion as time passed.
“There’s nothing wrong. It’s just well...Um, in my day two fellas couldn’t just kiss in a public place.” Steve ran a hand through his damp hair to relax a bit. “I’m really sorry I pulled away. I still want to date you. That was just a little scary.”
“Nope. It’ll be uneven and you’ll miss spots.” Peter continued spreading the mask all over his face. “There we go! Now you just need to wait ten minutes. Don’t talk or smile too much or it’ll crack around your mouth.” Bucky nodded, unable to point out that he neither talked nor smiled that often anyway.
“I am. I don’t go to church much anymore. It wasn’t the same as I remembered it. When I was younger, me and ma went every Sunday. The people were so nice. They always gave me extra clothes and sometimes invited us over for a quick meal.” Steve grew nostalgic. “But these new churches weren’t as much of a community. Well, maybe they were, but they all saw me as Captain America and eventually started doing ridiculous things to get me to stay at their church because they thought it would pull others to do the same.”
The rest of the attendees giggled before returning their attention to the screen. Steve just shrugged like he was used to it.
As the day progressed, Steve and Peter got better and better. Peter picked up on it fairly quickly because of his superb balance. Bruce’s tips were helpful as well. Tony checked in every once and a while and attempted to pressure them into joining ‘the adults’ but was unsuccessful.
Now it was Steve’s turn. He approached with perfect military posture, ready for any challenge. The mirror opened with a frosty gust of wind that gave Steve goosebumps. An unintimidating woman stepped out in weird shiny clothes. “Hello Steve Grant Rogers. Welcome to SHIELD 2.0. The year is 2206. You’ve been asleep for nearly two centuries.” Steve gasped and looked around the room in a panic. When he extended his arm to touch her, she morphed into Bucky. He grinned at Steve in a sickening way and opened his mouth to speak. Steve stiffened, and, knowing what the figure was about to say, forced himself to shut it up with a kiss. The mirror opened and he was greeted by the other three team members.
He decided he was done for the night and swung back to the tower, crawling into the large room he shared with Tony. It was empty, but that didn’t surprise Peter: Tony had been working on closing an important foreign business deal for the last week so his sleep schedule was even more wonky than usual.
Tony sat on the couch, waiting for Steve. Fifteen minutes later he was pacing around the room. An hour later, it was the whole floor. Three hours later, it was the building. He’d given JARVIS strict orders to inform him the minute Steve entered the building. He couldn’t enter his lab without being overwhelmed at what he’d done and he didn’t want to leave the tower and miss his husband. By the time Steve came back, five hours later, Tony was on the verge of a panic attack. Steve had to come back, right? Could he have gotten hurt or kidnapped while he was out? Did he just realize that Tony was too terrible and that he never wanted to see him again? He would at least come back to sign divorce papers, right? The devastated face Steve made when he noticed Tony sent him over the edge.
At the same time, Bucky strolled into the workshop to borrow some oil for his arm. “‘Orange’ isn’t helpful to someone who’s colorblind. You’ve gotta use other descriptors.” He muttered absentmindedly, rifling through a drawer.  “Hey, Stevie, Sam got you some of those vitamin pills. Apparently you don’t need liver anymore. Oh, and he’s got this-” Bucky moved his arms around his own waist “-It’s like one of those things we saw those ladies wearing in that painting we saw that one time.”
There was a chorus of groans and “but I’m fine”s as the Avengers reverted into a group of stubborn children who didn’t like the doctor.
“Um, well I thought the super serum would make him run extra warm so I asked him.” Peter fidgeted and his eyes darted around. Tony frowned, recognizing the lying face.
Natasha and Tony announced that they were heading straight to the top. Sam and Thor, against everyone’s advice, decided to join them. Clint disappeared into the forest almost immediately. That left Bruce, Peter, and Steve to the green slopes. Steve was grateful that no one was around to tease him when he would inevitably fall. He felt like a baby deer.
Tony fondly remembered Peter in his swim trunks. The water glistening on his exposed muscles. He never tired of gazing at his boyfriend, no matter how many times Peter blushed and looked away after meeting his gaze.
Tony quickly reassured him that he loved that Steve spent so much time with his long lost friend. He admitted that he always felt bad about disappearing to the lab for long times and liked that Steve had people to hang out with like Sam and Bucky. Steve had shown his love in the form of some mind-blowing sex that night. Again, the outings were forgotten.
“Sir, Steve has left another message with me. That makes five unheard messages. Would you like to hear them?”
“I thought you’d be playing with Steve’s new puppy this weekend, not sulking in the lab altering arrows - not that I’m complaining though.”
Steve entered the kitchen and rushed toward the fridge for the pitcher of cold water. He poured himself a glass and drank it all at once. Some of the water missed and dribbled down his chest.
Bucky must’ve noticed Tony’s reaction because he leaned in and whispered in the scientist’s ear. Steve probably would’ve heard if not for being absorbed in his work. “Stevie’s owned plenty of those types of toys.”
“This is sickening.” Clint acted as angry as he could. He spun around to make his exit when he bumped right into a shirtless, sweaty Steve Rogers clad in nothing but running shorts.
Steve flashed a weak smile toward Peter. “I heard you had a bit of an argument from JARVIS. Do you want to tell me about it?” The super solider sat down on the bed next to where Peter was doing homework on his laptop.
The next day consisted of a lazy morning and a road trip with several stops at cheesy tourist spots. Peter felt like a weight had been lifted off his chest. Tony loved him - flaws and all. He only hoped to  bring the same happiness and confidence in Tony that Tony did to him.
“Are you hurt? Is something wrong? Friday, what are Peter’s vitals?” Tony shot off a barrage of questions in a panic. Peter didn’t break down easily so something must be seriously wrong. “I need you to talk to me.”
He made the pasta in silence when he saw Bucky had calmed down. They dished it out and ate quietly. Once they were finished, Bucky sat down on the couch with a book he’d been reading. It was an overview of the technological age that he had wanted so he could stay more in tune with the modern world. Although he wasn’t able to get a SHIELD briefing like Steve, the whole Avenger’s team had done their part in providing him with resources to catch him up. He was mortified. He got spooked over a salt shaker. What did Steve think of him? Why did Steve still want him?
“Thank you Peter, but it’s fine. I just really don’t like the cold. It reminds me of when I was in the ice.” Steve shuddered.
“I’m fine.” Peter said, but Tony could tell by Steve’s face he was concerned. He watched as the larger man sat down on the couch with a couple blankets and patted down the seat next to him, looking expectantly at Peter. Peter obediently sat down and curled up to Steve under the blanket. He was nodding off almost immediately.
“Also,” Bucky clenched his fist, “this is Steve whether you like it or not. He might be America’s sweetheart when he’s got the serum, but he’s so much more than the serum so if you don’t love him without it then you honestly don’t love him with it. I won’t hold back if you treat him like garbage while he’s like this and then do a 180° as soon as Bruce reverses the issue.”
Peter playfully swatted his shoulder. “Only you would think you could make wrinkly hands into a fashion trend. Come on, I want to go see our room. Plus, I’m hungry.”
Steve winced a bit. As much as he appreciated the stuff, it was still a little bit weird how obsessed Howard was with him. Tony patted his shoulder in understanding. On their second date, Tony had mentioned how he’d loved Captain America as a child and that he owned lots of posters and action figures. Quickly, he realized Steve’s uncomfortable squirming and convinced Steve to admit that things like that made him feel insecure. It was like all these people were looking up to him as some kind of god and he didn’t think he deserved it. Tony didn’t bring up the subject again for his sake.
Finally, Steve made his presence known as he stepped behind the couch. His mouth was open. He was speechless.
“You were so embarrassed when the whole team showed up to the auditorium.” Tony laughed fondly at the photos of Peter in his graduation garb. The pictures clearly showed a blush on Peter’s cheeks and there was always two or more rowdy Avengers in the background. Clint had removed his hearing aids and blasted the loudest noisemaker he could find. Thor was tossing glittery confetti. Steve and Bruce looked like they were about to cry. Bucky and Sam were holding a large banner that read “Congrats Grad” with hand drawn images of Peter, curtesy of Steve, who was clapping loudly. Rhodey and Natasha were acting normal, but the pride in their eyes was evident. Tony was crowding Peter to take pictures and point out to others that “He’s my son!”. There were pictures of him with Ned and MJ, of him with Tony, and of him with May.
. His brain screamed at him to accept the offer. Actually, maybe that wasn’t his brain, but something was screaming at him. But he couldn’t do that, could he? He wasn’t a relationship wrecker. They were just offering because he was ‘sick’ right?
Clint and Bucky were in tears at Steve’s embarrassment. Tony put on his best amused face, but he was honestly a bit sad that Steve was so much more open with Natasha than him.
That was, until the fourth time. It’d been a few months since the first time, but Tony was noticing a pattern. “Where’s Steve?” He asked Natasha as he opened the fridge, looking for a snack.
Steve awoke to the sound of Peter dropping a skillet whilst attempting to make eggs before leaving for his morning class. “Language.” He said semi sarcastically before offering to help.
Peter opened the car door. “Are you sure you want to drive first? I can take that shift if you want to nap. We do have five hours to go before we get back to New York.”
“What?” Steve was confused. Had he missed something? Were they calling for him because something went wrong? Was everyone okay?  He scanned his teammates, imagining worse case scenarios, but no one seemed hurt. “Is Bruce hurt? Was there another attack someone else?”
“I shall go first.” Thor proclaimed as he stepped up to the mirror. His body was soon covered in a spiral of thin blue smoke. The smoke wafted out and the mirror began to glow. A creature that the rest of the team couldn’t recognize emerged through the frame. Thor froze for a moment before lunging at the thing. It jumped back and taunted him, showing him imagines of it killing his brother, then his mother and father, then ravaging his kingdom. Thor’s expressions became devastated for a millisecond before hardening into determination. He stabbed the creature with one powerful thrust and it retreated to the mirror, which glowed again, before revealing an empty frame which Thor stepped through.
“This is the Uggr Mirror, behind it lays the weapon that can control the monsters that have infested your world. In order to pass, you must conquer your innermost demon.” Thor explains for the second time, still not giving great detail about how or why this mirror is even a thing.
Peter stopped picking at his hands and just clasped them together, giving himself a moment before continuing. “He texted me. Asked if maybe I wanted to watch a movie at his apartment. He picked one of the ones I had mentioned I wanted to see. I said yes. It became a normal thing - we would hang out and watch movies or play games. He would buy me beers and stuff and we would just talk. I started to really trust him, you know? Then, one day I told him I was bisexual. I was only really out to May, MJ, Ned, and you at the time so it was a big deal to me.”
“Why the hell did you call me out when I swore then?” Tony interrupted their little inside jokes. He definitely wasn’t jealous.
Steve wasn’t offended. “I’ve always liked men and women. It’s pretty great that nowadays so many people are accepting of that. They even have a name for it - bisexual.”
“If you’re this bored at the tower, you could just ask me to build something for you. I could add waterslides to the pool or more training sequences to the gym. I could make an escape room that…” Tony’s voice trailed off as he got lost in thoughts about modifications in the tower. He hardly noticed Steve move over toward the bedding section.
Needless to say, due to an unfortunate accident, Robert lost his job and was blacklisted all over New York. He was banned from all Stark Industry events for life.
“Well, even though you’ve been persuaded to think otherwise, I don’t think he’s thought this through all the way Steve. He’s going to have to be a superhero forever now, He’s still young. He has a life ahead of him to change and experience. He shouldn’t be tied down by something like this. What if he wants to work in the public sector, but he slipped up as Spiderman and no one will hire him? What if people refuse to befriend him because of the publicity? What if his tongue slips during an answer to the press and they make him out to be an asshole? He isn’t ready.”
“The boots make everyone walk weird like that.” Natasha supplied “It’ll be much better once we’ve got the skis on.”
“Congratulations!” Thor wrapped Steve in a crushing hug. “Two warriors coming together is most joyous news. We must have a feast!” Tony rolled his eyes.
“Wake up Cap! Meal time!” Steve blinked his eyes open to the sound of Clint yelling from the kitchen. Everyone else was already moving to sit around the communal table so he got up and sat between Tony and Bruce.
Once their drinks were served, Tony took a large sip and gave an exaggerated moan. He made sure Steve liked his as well. They slowly dipped their drinks while they conversed about different light topics. Tony recalled how he had made DUM-E and recounted some of the silly mistakes he’d made in the lab. Although Steve made a concerned face when Tony admitted to drinking a bit of motor oil from the machine’s “coffee”, the rest of the stories had him smiling and laughing.
Once his face was washed, Peter helped him put on a neon pink headband and held up two jars. “This one is for de-stressing. It has deep sea minerals apparently. This one is cleansing and pore cleaning. It’s got volcanic ash. Which one do you want?”
“Not your fault.” Steve told him. The swelling was already going down and except for the occasional cough, which sent dread down Tony’s spine, he was breathing normally.
“Sounds like a smart person.” Steve laughed. “See you in a bit.” He regained his composure and rushed to the main compartment of the jet.
I hope most of you enjoyed this work! I know my posting slowed down immensely as the summer came to an end but what can I say? That’s school for you guys. I hope to continue this in a similar fashion to my Another Avengers Fanfiction Archive series where it will be the same format of twenty something chapters that each consist of one stand alone one shot. It’s just a personal structural preference of mine.
Next, they called up Fury and met with the rest of the team in the living room. Steve was upset but understanding of the need for him to step down as Captain America for the time being.
Tony cupped his mug with both hands and greedily chugged his coffee. DUM-E broke the machine in his lab so he hadn’t had a cup in several hours. He was having serious caffeine withdrawals and needing to talk to Scott Lang wasn’t helping.
“Could’ve if I wanted to. It’s common knowledge that I know how to please a woman.” Tony gives a confident grin and chugs the rest of his coffee.
By the time they’d gotten through the door and into the locker room, there was a knock and a swimsuit was brought in. Both men changed.
Steve flashed a soft smile, “You don’t have anything to apologize for. You’re the strongest person I know. Remember that I’ve always got your back so you can rely on me if you aren’t feeling great.”
Tony was speechless for a second. He hadn’t realized that Peter was so insecure about taking their relationship slow. “Darling, I’ve loved every minute I’ve spent with you. It doesn’t matter to me when, or if, we start having sex.”
They took an indulgently long shower. Tony massaged Peter’s scalp, shoulders, and back with rare shampoos and oils. He’d made sure the hotel prepared some specific ones that he knew wouldn’t overwhelm Peter’s senses. Peter did the same, carefully selecting the products he knew Tony enjoyed. When they were done, there was lotion and chapstick for them to use to rehydrate.
Also, just a warning but for those of you who let me know you found these one shots disgusting, my next work probably won’t be any different so maybe don’t read those. Or do, I won’t tell you what to do.
I’ve been traveling before school starts so that’s my excuse for the slow updates. Too bad I get carsick when I read or write in the car or I’d probably have been able to finish them sooner. Blame my inner ear if you need to blame something.
“Probably. Didn’t you complain about it nonstop though? I think Bucky likes it too so win-win right? I thought it was kinda cute the first few times I went with him, but I can see how that would get old fast.”
Steve rubbed circles on Tony’s back and tucked him under his chin. “Everyone is safe. It’s going to be alright. It’s okay to let it out.” He murmured in his ear. The careful way Steve handled him and the honest words of encouragement made the guilt too much to bare.
Tony’s stomach sunk a little as he realized his shocked silence and getting lost in his train of thought must’ve been nerve-wracking for Steve. The man was by no means vain, but going from the embodiment of physical human perfection to the opposite of that would be enough to cast doubts in any man’s mind.
Tony audibly swallowed as he watched his son dry his eyes with a cloth napkin and pretend to be fine when he was clearly trembling. When Steve didn’t come back to bed last night, Tony started to think about the events of the day. Quickly, he realized that he was in the wrong. He knew Peter was fully capable of doing his own thing and that he shouldn’t let his own insecurities stunt his son’s life.
What was playful and affectionate in Tony’s mind was a death wish to Steve. He didn’t want to be ostracized, but most of all, he didn’t want Tony to face even more criticism than he already did because of him.
Tony examined a display case critically.  He wished Pepper were here. Pepper had impeccable taste and she was great at accessing things like art and jewelry and those types of luxury items.  Tony relied heavily on her whenever he bought those types of things. He didn't think he'd ever purchased a watch unattended.
him, but not who he really was or that he'd been in Yemen). Steve had always had a sneaking suspicion that Peggy was always kept in the loop, that nothing would really surprise her ever. When he'd first woken up SHIELD had given him her details within days of his rehabilitation. But he guessed he'd been wrong. Peggy had known Steve had been mated before (she'd seen his neck before the serum) but she had been the first to tell Steve that the bonding mark was actually gone. He'd never explicitly told her that his mate was Bucky but when he'd returned to camp when the man in his arms he hadn't exactly had to. Once Steve had rescued Bucky Peggy must have been aware that a relationship did not strike up between them.  That their bond was broken and had remained broken.
"You know, Tony... at the party, Sam was hitting on me.  And I'm not into Alphas, or guys. But I shrugged and laughed it off and no one thinks any less of me for that.  You know what I'm saying?"
"...only Alphas can distance bonds," said Tony quietly.  "...did Bucky do that? Or are you two still...?"
Peggy reached over to flip the over album over and the first picture was on Steve on stage, in the same get up he'd worn for Tony only a few nights ago. Steve tried very heard not to turn bright red. Now he
There was a tentative knock at the door and Tiberius poked in.  "Hi, pill time." He looked at Steve's curled body, at Tony's sour face and slouched shoulders.  "...is everything okay? What's wrong?" he asked.
His therapist had talked to Steve a lot about this sort of thing. When the song came to an end Steve ducked to kiss the corner of Tony's mouth. "Doesn't matter if I am," he told him,
They lapsed into silence.  Tony didn't want to be anywhere near her, but he didn't want to move or go inside, either.
"Can you smell something?" Boswell asked as he strolled past, still wearing the Santa hat.  He pulled a face. Banksy followed him, frowning a little.
"In these troubled times, of course, a formal omega education with emphasis on proper etiquette is highly sought after," said Francine.  "How old is your daughter?"
"-I just asked for my tests to be condensed into one day. So yours'll be more spread out," continued Steve. They were supposed to separate the physical and psychological tests so they would be completed with a higher degree of accuracy but Steve insisted that wasn't necessary. Physically, it just took so much to exhaust him... all of the physical tests had been laughably easy for him.  And he'd really just wanted to get it over and done with.
"Just because you feed a dog and treat it well, doesn't mean you're not abusing it if you kick it once a day," Steve stated, his voice set and Eric looked mildly horrified. He clearly wasn't someone who wanted to go up against Steve. He was trying his best to be polite. Piper looked confused, like she didn't get it.
The monitors were plain blue-grey, swirling, showing nothing in particular.  Then, slowly, an image resolved.  Mountains.  Winter.  Show.  A rushing train.  And Steve was stretching for someone, someone Tony thought looked vaguely familiar but couldn't quite place him.
Metal fingers closed around his neck and lifted him into the air like he weighed of nothing and all of a sudden Steve couldn't breathe. It was a
"I doubt Steve knows much more than you do," said Clint.  "They didn't figure out the genetics of any of this or discover the bonding glands until the 1960s."
Tony laughed, squirming as Steve kissed his stomach.  "What, like I know how the hell to give a blowjob?"  He looked down at Steve's face on his stomach and stroked his cheek gently, smiling back at him.  A pause.  "I've given a couple," he admitted.  Another pause.  "In Afghanistan."  Another pause.  Tony's smiled faltered.  "I'm pretty sure having a gun held to your head isn't how you're supposed to do it, though."  He forced himself to crack a grin.
?!" Aria knocked the flash out of Happy's hand before Tony could take it then promptly dropped it out of the window. "Drive. We've wasted enough time already. God." She groaned and tilted her head back. "If we're late I'm going to kill you, Stark." The scary thing with Aria is you weren't quite sure if she meant it or not. Tony grinned at her.
"Hey.  We can still feel each other.  It's not like his bond replaced mine," said Tony, reasonably.  "...if you're dual-bonded, you're dual-bonded. It's okay." He tried to say it like he didn't mind being a secondary Alpha, even though, if the bite mark wasn't his, that's exactly what he would be reduced to, in the eyes of the public.  A permanent reminder of his failure of dominance.
"No," Steve breathed out a soft laugh. "Nothing like that. I assure you. I know someone else who went the same place as you, Tiberius Stone?"
tell you it was you or Donner, didn't I?  That I wasn't playing games? Being a member of the World Security has its perks.  ...I took Donner's little restraining order to mean that you chose to spend a night with me in return for his freedom.  I think that a lifetime of independence is worth one little tryst, don't you? It's more than fair, actually. ...stop struggling, Steven, the drugs aren't going to wear off anytime soon."  Gideon's hand caressed his neck, tracing the two bonding marks softly. "I wish that I'd been there when you woke up. To be honest, I didn't believe it. You and I, Steve, we could have been bonded.  We could have been mates. It would have been wonderful. With my political power and your... unique talents... we would have been utterly unstoppable. You can't imagine my disappointment when you and Stark announced your bond.  Stark's an unstable drunk. And, let's be frank, a very, very weak Alpha. I met his father, you know, back in the early eighties. Very lovely man. Very dominant. Had a very well-behaved omega, too." Gideon's hand moved behind Steve's ear.  "I know you're spoiled. I know you're poorly trained. But maybe just for one night, you can indulge me, try to be the omega that God made you, instead of the abomination that serum turned you into. ...you never know. You might just like it."
"He hasn't slept in days. You won't wake him. He's best left to it. He'll be knocked out for a while," Steve assured her, and the doctor finally tore her gaze away from his mate.
"We're not going to hurt them," Maria said, sounding a little perturbed. "But no, this isn't about that."
Home.  Home was a big, empty, sterile, house on the edge of a cliff.  Home wasn't Steve.  Home wasn't an omega.  Home was what Tony had always suspected it was.  Cold metal and copper circuits and math equations that always had something on the other side of the equal sign.  Home was a place where nothing could hurt you, where emotions were rendered obsolete by the mechanics of engineering.  Where everything had a objective, finite solution, without other Alphas, without ghosts of the past rearing their ugly head.
But before he could remember, the previously limp form scrambled to its feet, knocked him over, and tore off.
"Why do you have to make everything difficult?  He's good.  He's really good," said Pepper.  "Sit down.  I'll get you waffles.  ...and pants."
"I missed you too," Steve whispered and his gaze finally flitted back up to Tony's face. It felt good to hear Tony say it. Before it had felt like some screwed up waiting game when Steve kept getting stuck in his own thoughts, convincing himself that he wasn't good enough and that Tony was bound to go after one of those women someday. "It's why I moved around so much. It was easier to keep going forward...I didn't like thinking about what I'd left behind.  ...I went to see Peggy," he added. "She's still as sharp as ever. I'd like to visit her again, soon. I liked the UK. They have much better laws about equality over there. Although people wouldn't stop holding doors open for me."
?  Happy, lemme call you back."  Tony hung up and yanked up the Associate Press's website.  There it was: a picture of Steve, giving a cocky, friendly little salute, with the tagline
?  I never get any privacy anymore!  You, Pepper, Rhodey, the whole Fury entourage... every time I come up here, there's always someone here!  I liked living alone better-- I mean, living alone with Steve, obviously. I want Steve here," Tony added hastily.
"The thought of spending another night with DeSoto is horrible. Although if they walk out and we go with them... at least we don't have to stay another night," Steve pointed out, trying to be positive.
Gleason appeared remarkable quickly, with a large bag under his arm, as Steve was tearing his way through the waffles Aria had made. He didn't have the patience to put toppings on. He just ate them as they were but he seemed delighted with them anyway. "I'm too hot," he whined.
"I'm going down to the shop," Tony informed them regally.  It went without saying that he didn't want any of them to come with him.  "Help yourself to..."  He gestured expansively at the mess, and added ironically, "
Pepper took a deep, shaky breath and nodded.  She could have guessed that. Howard Stark, as Tony had known him, was a stern no-nonsense businessman.  But by all accounts, as a younger man, he'd been much like Tony. Charming, friendly...
Richard laughed almost awkward, running a hand through his beard. "Obviously it helps! Orgasms are more than just a bit of fun! They sort of-- er, suck it all up in there and certainly increase the chance of conception. And it goes without saying that you're omega will be willing to do it more often if they're having a good time of it!"
Tony heard Pepper before he saw her.  Not her usual business-style click of stilettos, but the tread of her tennis shoes.  Tony turned as much as he could without hurting Steve to see a pair of yoga pants. He looked up.  Pepper was looking away.
sorry," said Tony.  "I... wanna do right by you, Steve.  So far I feel like... like I keep fucking up, big time.  Don't get me wrong, I'm known for fucking things up, making things difficult- you can ask Pepper, but... but this is pretty large-scale, even by Stark standards.  I've been attacked twice in a week.  Hell.  You were probably safer
Pepper looked up.  There was no way Tony was going to handle this well.  Not if he felt that his mate-status was threatened.
"Excuse me?" said Number One.  Number One was the one whose father collected Captain America Memorabilia.  Steve had not gotten his name. Not gotten any of their names, really.
Tony groaned approvingly when Steve acquiesced his request, wriggling with pleasure at the feeling of his mouth.
The crook of his left arm got a fierce itch that couldn't be scratched; he flexed the fingers irritably, ignoring the whirring of the gears.
Tony let himself get sucked into the crowd immediately.  It was an eclectic mix of older Alphas (Boswell's friends) and younger omegas, many of them SA activists, at least one of whom Tony was pretty sure had kicked him outside of the AU conference.  There were also lots of people from Banksy's studio, and famous singers and actors, and other talkshow hosts. Tony got himself a martini and managed to shoulder into a conversation among three drop-dead gorgeous women, two betas and one omega.  He spotted, among the crowd, Boswell, looking tired, and Tectonic with his brothers, involved in a heated conversation with a fourth man who Tony was pretty sure was Usher.
"I'm mated to Tony Stark and, I think, about to come out with him," Steve said abruptly, steeling herself for a sharp or surprised reaction.
Steve's story had taken over the headlines, overshadowing Tony's scandals completely.  Only MSNBC still had a small story on the front page about Tony's birthday.  (
Tony nudged Steve's foot back.  "This is a date?" he said with surprise, looking around.  He seemed to notice the decor for the first time.
"Yeah. You can touch it. It's okay. I just-- it's just sensitive," Steve whispered. And he wasn't talking about the pain.
"Steve, it's so good to finally make your acquaintance!" said Remi, shaking Steve's hand.  "We at SA are so very proud to have you on our side... our membership has skyrocketed. It's such a wonderful thing to see people excited about omega rights again."
Tony perked up.  Maybe this was finally his chance to discover something horrible and gets some credit.  He loped across the lawn towards the building, already picturing piles of skeletons or something.  There was a little brass plaque outside the door that said LEARNING ANNEX, and Tony felt a sinking disappointment.  So this building wasn't on the map only because it had been built later than the rest of the school.
"Seriously, what is your deal with me? I know you don't 'approve' of me of whatever bullshit and I know you don't approve of SHIELD initiatives, but what did I ever do to you personally that has made you so goddamn petty?"
There was something about knowing he could turn Captain America into a babbling, cursing, gooey mess that made Tony feel wonderfully powerful.  In the bedroom, at least, he felt every inch the Alpha he was supposed to be. Steve melted under him like butter.
Maggie Frond strode over suddenly to Steve and put a hand on the back of his chair.  "Please stop laughing, Captain Rogers."
Steve was dully aware of his head being moved to lean against Tiberius' thigh. He was cold and shaky and his left arm throbbed like nothing else. Maybe it had gotten too cold. Maybe it was going to fall off. Oh no. He didn't want to lose his arm. No. That wasn't fair. Steve swallowed down a lump in his throat.
"He's by the bar," said Wendy, pointing.  Tony was chatting with another man in a tux and he was holding a glass of champagne.
"Yeah, man!"  Tony suddenly stood up so fast he knocked over the chair he'd been sitting in and upset the table; his helmet rolled onto the floor with a loud metal clang.  Tony's eyes were wild. "Yeah, man," he repeated slowly. "...yeah… man…
Steve was starting to get worried when Tony blinked.  He pointed at James suddenly, one fist still wrapped around his glass in a death-grip.
"Huh?"  Tony looked down.  He had forgotten all about that; he'd been hobbling along without noticing, practically dragging his leg behind him, but now that she'd pointed it out, he realized it wasn't really weight-bearing and limping two miles on it wasn't his best idea.  "No, it's fine. Just take me back to Northwell!"
He'd heard of this, of people who bonded because the moment they met, the smell triggered some deep, primal instinct, made them fall instantly in love.  Betas talked about "love at first sight," but for Alphas and omegas, it was love at first smell, and unlike sight, it was more often right than not. Compatibility was felt at a deep and primal level.  Not everyone (indeed, only a lucky few) experienced it.
"A sketch book and a pencil would be swell, actually," Steve said when Gleason offered. He was like Tony. He hated just
"What! Nooo! Cap can't leave!" Cooper protested and then promptly grabbed Steve's leg, supposedly holding him in place. He gave Steve a determined look, one that could make men talk in interviews. "You're not going
"No. But he really looks like me. They use to say he was the 'omega version' of Captain America; that might help," Steve said, really hoping they could get a lead.
Steve laughed softly, and in pleasant surprise, as Tony scooped him up into his arms. He felt...small again, and it was nice. His heart lurched in his chest. This was the old kind of romance from movies, or something...something that Steve never really got to experience before. He wasn't ever going to be the dainty omega again who an Alpha would sweep in and rescue, and Steve was okay with that- but he was also more than okay with this.
The girl from before reappeared and grabbed his hand. Did she say something about a fight? He frowned. "I'll be... I'll be one minute," he told Tracy and let himself get pulled through the crowd, towards--
having a bad time?" Mackenzie seemed amused by him. "Would you like your first heat getting invaded like this?"
"We're great.  I got a sprained ankle, Steve got a couple bruises... but we've got each other.  So we're fine," said Tony, nuzzling his lips against Steve's neck.
A female omega opened the door and blinked at him.  "Can I help you?" she asked.  Clearly, she didn't recognize him.  She was wearing a pair of silk pants and a long black tunic with embroidery around the neck; she had on reading glasses that magnified her deep brown eyes.  She was pretty in the understated way that people who like reading nooks tend to have.
"Well, Captain," said one of the doctors, flipping through his chart.  "...this probably doesn't come as much of a surprise to you, but aside from the ankle and your neck, we don't see any other injuries at all, so we'll be able to discharge you in about a day or two.  Until then, get some rest. You look like you need it. ...oh, and you're scheduled to see a... Dr. Gleason? Tomorrow at nine." She replaced the chart and walked out, turning off the light after her, leaving Steve alone for the first time in literally days.
When he came back, he'd had to wait three months for the results of an HIV test (blessedly negative).  But he'd waited longer to jump back into sex.  He made the excuse that it was because he was too busy being Iron Man.  But that wasn't it.  It was because his experiences had changed him.
Tony sat down on the end of the bed, putting his face into his hands.  "I don't know. I don't know... I called Pepper and then we were arguing and then I turned around and he was just go--"  Tony stopped. He looked up at Pepper, staring. It clicked. Steve was
Steve gave her a look. "It's not even midnight yet. And I've heard The Beatles. A friend--" (Aria) "--insisted I give them a listen. I kind of have this list I keep, for stuff to catch up on...I'm getting there."
Nothing was stopping him, actually.  It was their honeymoon; they could do whatever they wanted, right?
If Steve cried, he cried silently, his face pressed against Tony's leg, slowly making his trousers damp. "No..." he whispered. "Not good enough." And then he went quiet, letting his eyes screw shut.
"Three reminds me of Ashtray," said Hal wistfully.  She looked over at Steve. "Ashtray was bonded publicly the day after the auction.  They had to hold him down and he cried the whole time. Me and my Alpha couldn't watch.  We had to leave. It was barbaric."
He slipped his arm around Steve's waist again.  The only thing Tony really found comforting was the knowledge that Steve could tear a regular person limb from limb.  He wasn't small, or weak, or sick; Steve was capable of handling himself. With his shield, he was deadly. That was a small comfort, at least.
"Spider silk," said Tony out loud.  Ha! It was so simple. Whoever this guy was, he was someone who needed access to the protein in spider silk for his little web shooters.  He was probably a chemist or something.
"Second bedroom on the left is the biggest guest bedroom," called Tony as Banksy began dragging Donner upstairs, chatting the whole way up as they navigated around the orchids.
Steve moved to lay down on the sofa as Tony nodded to do it, crawling up onto it (not standing.) He swallowed as he moved to lay on his back, head tilted back too his gaze was fixed up on Tony.
"That will be plenty," Steve assured him. His appetite was huge but compared to what it was back in the '40s it was certainly more 'normal' than it had been before. He was okay with that though. He was out of the field; he didn't need to pack it all on. He was fine like this (as long as he still had his six pack he was undoubtedly fine). "Oh, can we get garlic bread too?"
Their anniversary was officially ruined. Least they had gloves on so no blood would have gotten onto the bands.
"Congratulations," added Sam.  On the range, Tony's fanclub had swelled significantly and Tony was running through the specs of a line of weapons, handling them with a disturbing level of comfort.  So far, he hadn't missed a shot.  Sam glanced back at Steve.
Despite being technically out of practice Steve worked efficiently. The first guy he elbowed in the throat then kneed in the temple before he snapped around punched another the jaw, the impact of which was apparently enough to put him down. Bullets flew but there was smoke everywhere still. Steve dropped another grenade.  He was better at fighting blind than most people were with full senses.  For him this was as simple as breathing. It was what he was
"Captain Rogers!" she bubbled.  "Welcome to the Zephyr Hill site.  The camp's about four miles up the road.  So far, so good. The Red Cross has really helped out a lot with this facility... of course, it's all temporary."  (Steve had already been explained the system. A short-term site for when they actually went in and dismantled the camps... then the kids would be transported to regional centers, of which there were about a dozen.)  "Canteen is that way, med tent's over here-- this is the Chief of Police, Lawrence, he's been very helpful--"
Karpov stared at him for a moment, then looked at the girl.  "Don't confuse him," he snapped, pulling out a red book. "солдат.  Come."
He wondered if there were other parts on the two of them they didn't know about.  Both of them were woefully undereducated.
mistaken his smell for someone's else's.  The Winter Soldier," pointed out Tony.  "Maybe they found a way to make their assassins smell like other people.  Like Natasha said.  Psychological warfare."  He climbed to his feet and offered Steve a hand.  "Come on, Cap," he said, gently.  "Not worth worrying about.  We're good.  Forget it."
Another thing Tony felt he'd been lied to about, although it wasn't Steve's fault, the way he'd been portrayed all these years.  And he'd come out, hadn't he? Still, Tony couldn't help but feel gypped. He'd admired the Alpha Steve Rogers in those comics. He felt a lot of resentment toward his father for not bothering to correct his notions of Steve's status.
The pieces of the mosaic fell into place, clicking together instantly in Tony's mind, resolving into a dangerous, deadly picture.
"Just to be clear, Captain, I'm asking you for a favor," said Fury.  "You know, considering all the things I've kept under wraps for you, I kinda think you owe me one.  I can think of
All of his earlier annoyance with Steve was gone, the anger channeled into sexual energy.  Which was actually surprisingly common for Alphas, regardless of ranking. Currently, all Tony could think about was Steve's body and how good it felt on him; Steve was a perfect fit, his hole sheathing Tony's cock like it was fucking made for it.
"Before we begin, let me just address the elephant in the room.  I'm not an omega.  If you'd feel more comfortable talking to an omega, please don't hesitate to ask.  No hard feelings," she said.  She leaned back in her chair, playing with a pencil in one hand, but didn't seem like she intended to write anything down; she had nothing to write on, anyway.  "So.  Steve.  Here's the one million dollar question.  ...how are you doing?"
Tony had made a beeline for the bar the moment Steve was inside the omega-only area.  He got a whiskey and then fiddled with his collar, realizing, unhappily, that Steve was in possession of the keys.
Tony set him down gingerly and, with a moment's hesitation, pulled off his face plate so they were face-to-face.
Tony made a soft hum of encouragement to Steve, which was the closest he could come to saying it was okay considering his mouth was full.  He continued bobbing, Steve's cock slippery in his mouth with his saliva, dragging his tongue along it, eyes closed.
He didn't know the other two agents behind the director. They looked a little wary of him in all honesty. When Steve caught Phil's gaze in return he offered him a small smile. It was good to see him.
"Okay, fair enough," said Gene.  "I'll put you down, Richard... where do you want to meet?  If you're not interested in bonding, do you still think you might want to spent the night with him?  Because I could arrange for you two to get a hotel room, if you wanted. You could reimburse me later for it."
Tony sighed and used his unsheathed hand to begin pulling out wires, unplugging himself.  He wondered if Steve had missed him, if Steve would be upset or bothered or even annoyed that he'd completely forgotten to come to bed.  Tony's best work was always done late at night and he could happily work until dawn; back when Pepper was his PA, he'd often waited until she came in at 6, toss back an espresso, and then crash for an hour or two before getting back up to start his day.
"The debriefing is on the jet ride over. They've sent me the files to go over this afternoon. And if you're coming, you really need to sleep Tony. You're tired, I can feel it. And I can't let you out in a fight fatigued; that's a recipe for disaster," Steve said firmly.
Then there was the whole arc reactor thing.  He hadn't told her. He'd kept her in the dark.  He'd been dying and he'd been doing it alone.
Besides, what good were words?  His smell was probably communicating what words couldn't, anyway.  Hurt.  Betrayal.  A disloyal omega was easily the most insulting, emasculating, derogatory, embarrassing thing that could happen to an Alpha.  Tony felt like he had in Afghanistan. Suddenly, he was back in that cave, with Raza holding his wrists, pinning him down; Steve's smell, once familiar and pleasant and safe and warm, was suddenly threatening.  It reminded Tony of the smell of gunpowder and cigars and a damp cave and sex and fear and burning flesh.
. And it was true. Steve didn't think he needed to say it aloud, his voice quite lost to him but Tony didn't move. He was waiting. Something warmed in Steve's chest. Maybe Tony wasn't as much as asshole as he tried to make the world think he was. It was nice...it was good to see it. Steve liked seeing the real him.
He grabbed his robe out of the closet and went down to the kitchen, leaving the note.  Even though the living room was still a mess, the rest of the house was as gleaming and sterile as usual.  The kitchen was all stainless steel.  There was a neat stack of mail on the center island that Pepper must have left there for him.  Tony ignored it.
bonded.  And sometimes I-- I can feel him."  Tony looked away. Rhodey winced as the red convertible Tony had been driving plowed into the side of a building, bursting into flames.
Steve straightened up as he let out a soft sigh. He tried for a smile. "Come on," he murmured. "Water's getting cold."
Bucky leaned in longingly, his heart aching for his omega, who looked tan and healthy and happy and brave.
Besides, Steve hardly had the upper hand.  He was covered in ejaculate and had a nine-inch dildo shoved up his ass.
Tony wheeled around (nearly colliding with Pepper) and made a beeline for his little-used office.  At least there was a bar there.
Steve nodded back before following Tony out of the car. He zipped up his jacket against the cold but didn't pull the collar up, not wanting to seem like he had anything to hide. He walked alongside Tony into the graveyard, their fingers brushing together, but not grasping.
"Hm?  Yeah. Yeah, totally," agreed Tony blearily, struggling to sit up.  He stretched; the dander on the back of his neck rose and then went down reflexively.  Tony gave the back of his neck a vigorous rub just to make sure it was flat.
Then he sat back down amongst the auctionees. They were exchanging small talk, gossiping about other couples that were trying to get a look in at them. Steve just ate patiently and listened to them for a little while. It was nice to just let them be kids. Seven began staring at him though.
He rubbed his neck vigorously.  The collar, pressing into his raised hackles, felt like little needles.
"...it was okay.  I went to a... meeting thing.  With other Alphas. They were okay.  I probably wouldn't go back but there's free coffee and you know how frugal I am," said Tony, swinging his legs idly.
He wondered, distantly, how long it would be before Tony noticed he'd left.  But it was nothing more than a passing thought.
Tony let out a breathy gasp, fighting the urge to talk back or rush.  He let Steve tease him, running his lips and tongue over him, his fingers gripping the sheets.  When Steve finally pulled the waistband of his pants down he groaned, relaxing back onto the pillows, reaching down with one hand to touch Steve's hair.  Steve's tongue was velvety and warm; he was smiling, rolling his hips slightly, enjoying himself.  When Steve suddenly dipped down, Tony's breath caught; he looked down just in time to see his knot disappear into Steve's mouth.  "
"He's not.  He's just some omega dressed up like him," said Melinda sourly, stepping back and letting Steve storm past her.
his family.  Steve had been a consistent force for good in his life and he'd been there for a solid seven months.
He pushed his hair back from his face.  The Winter Soldier had an incredible ability to be perfectly immobile for long periods of time without fidgeting, but right now, there was no trace of the soldier.  Just Bucky. Albeit a rather confused, child-like Bucky. A Bucky that had been hit really hard in the head, maybe.
Tony ran a finger down the faint, almost invisible treasure trail that ran from Steve's navel to his crotch, the golden hair light and thin and soft.
"Just start from the introduction." said someone off-camera.  The camera shifted a little.  Howard took a sip of the drink his his hand.
One of the people from pool maintenance poked her head in.  She was an omega.  Dark-hair, pretty, a little over-weight, with highlights and carefully threaded eyebrows.
Tony hadn't given Steve much warning; a piece on the desk suddenly lit up and shot across the room like a rocket.
Tony pulled the robe over Steve's shoulders as Gleason patched up his neck with a small plaster. After that they moved to a sofa, Gleason poking at the pink little dot on his leg where the dart had gone in.
Tony let Steve pull him down; his ankle was throbbing again.  An arm instinctively went around Steve's waist; the two of them sat there on the couch, staring at the jungle of flowers in front of them.
"Well, bonding's like marriage, you find the one and you get hooked," said Mackenzie with a peaceful shrug.  "You married, Jasper?"
"Don't stress about it Captain. I'll come back to you with a solution by Christmas, you have my word.  If and when you decide to have whelps, we'll make sure it's on your terms, alright?"
"Tony...you gotta-- you gotta do something. I can't just cum like this." Normally the feeling of Tony coming undone inside of him would be enough. But it had only been twenty minutes or since Steve last came and his body certainly needed more encouragement the second time around. He ran a hand down Tony's arm, not sure if he should do it himself or wait for his Alpha to come around.
Steve nudged his nose against Tony's in an almost cute gesture. "There's...a small chance I damaged your bath tub, just a little bit."
One of the bracers hit his arm; there was a loud, mechanical click and suddenly Tony's arm was sheathed in a plate of red metal.  Tony looked down, eyes wide.
Clint was right.  It would take time.  He’d have to go slow.  But there was a life outside of SHIELD.  A life of peaceful domesticity. One he was finally being given the opportunity to experience.  He and Tony weren’t perfect, but they were okay. And getting better every day.
"It felt really good," Steve assured him in a quiet whisper. Then he whined low in his throat as Tony thrust into him, his hands bunching up in the fabric of the sofa. His dick twitched against his thigh with interest. "Tony..." he sighed, almost like a warning.
Tony let out a soft laugh, dragging his tongue up to Steve's balls.  "Cum for me," he murmured. "Cum for me first, then I'm going to take you and make you cum again."  He dipped back down, running his tongue over and over Steve's slit; his own cock was stiff from Steve's smell and taste and desperate noises of want, but Tony didn't want to stop until he felt Steve's body shudder with release.  Every time Steve begged Tony had to hold back the urge to release himself all over the sheets; his mate's pleas were the sweetest thing. And even though Tony was nowhere near Steve's neck, he could smell-taste that pheromonal song that was Steve's body begging to be used, that smell that Tony had first smelled when Steve went into heat, the reason they were bonded in the first place, that scent-mate compatibility that only Alphas and omegas ever found, and only ever rarely.
.  While they weren't exactly nerding out just yet (Tony usually took a few minutes before he started whipping out a mechanical pencil and drawing electrical designs and mathematical equations on the backs of napkins), Steve could feel it coming.
?  Or were his and Tony's hurt getting confused together?  The bond was compounding their emotions, and Steve almost felt queasy. He hated this. Steve liked to fix things as soon as possible. What he'd said to Tony hadn't been easy, admitting Bucky didn't love him; it had been full of emotion, exposing and he'd... he'd gotten
"Need a ride?" offered Happy, getting up; Pepper got up with him.  He was talking with Aria, but it was clear that Pepper and Happy were leaving together.  Tony's dander rose; being betas, neither of them noticed, but Boswell looked over at Tony sharply.
"I'll leave you my contact details before I go," Gleason reassured Steve . "In case you're worried about anything in the future."
When the Alpha moved to take the collar off Steve caught his hand gently. "Leave it on for now," he told him quietly. It wasn't exactly uncomfortable; the damned thing was designed for him.  "You wanna sleep now?"
The soldier had made camp in an empty house that was for sale.  He'd snatched a few newspapers and magazines from a local convenience store and had been pouring over them, trying to figure out... well, anything, really.  Some of it he didn't comprehend. But some of it he did.
"They don't hurt them," DeSoto said, voice small. "They just teach them how to be good for their omegas. How to treat them right."
Tony took another sip of coffee, then said, "DeSoto."  He said it a hell of a lot sharper than he meant to. It came hard, stern... like he was channeling his inner Howard or something.
, you know."  He reached up to stroke Steve's hair, his fingers playing lightly over the scar on the back of Steve's neck.
"Not exactly," said Steve.  He remembered how Donner had cringed away from him whenever Steve tried to talk to him.  "He's Gideon Malick's old mate. We met Donner at the conference. Donner didn't walk out but he ignored Gideon in front of everyone and Gideon severed the bond and now he's been--"
, crushingly so. The man whined in pain and Steve dragged him down to the floor to punch him in the face. Once. Twice. Three times.
bond, when it was just me and him. He's not like you and me. His emotions are cut off. I don't feel him. Sometimes I would...hear him, or think I did. But that could just be shell-shock. I don't know, Tony."
"Hey boys," Natasha greeted them airily as they stepped into the lab's observation room. She was sat at one of the control panels, typing away at a computer.  On the wall across from the door, a window looked into the simulation room.  There was two seats set up, just in case Tony want company, but one had a fair simpler headpiece. After all, it wasn't Steve's subconscious that they'd be exploring, it was his Alpha's.
Bucky cocked his head.  "I thought I wasn't gettin' any anyway," he challenged.  He was hoping, really, really hoping, that Steve might give him some sort of fucking
Steve poked his side. "We had sex like twenty minutes ago... you can wait. In fact, I'd be impressed if you could get it up already, old man," he said fondly, only half joking. About the being impressed part- not Tony being old. Steve was really in no position to be calling other people
Realizing Jarvis's grief had probably been due to a pair-bond made Tony never, ever want an omega.  Sure, Steve was desirable.  But the idea of being responsible for him terrified Tony.  Hell, he couldn't even keep a girlfriend for more than a few months; how could he possibly keep an omega?
"I'll go pull a car up outside the entrance," Natasha offered quietly and then slipped away. Steve nodded in thanks.
Pepper sighed and rolled her eyes, but turned her seat around, her back to them.  Tony knelt and began unlacing Steve's boots for him, a look of concentration etched on to his face.  Dr. Gleason caught Steve's eye and, with his gaze, looked down at Tony, and back up at Steve, smiling.
"...I thought omegas synced up," said Tony suddenly.  "...is... is that a thing?  Do you and Coulson and Barton...?"  He wasn't sure if it was rude to ask.  The idea of a mixed-status team with a bunch of synched-up omegas sounded like a terrible idea to him, but SHIELD seemed to take pride in being diverse.  Their director was black, their assistant director female, and half their agents were omegas.  Tony wouldn't have been at all surprised if the next recruit was a wheelchair-bound Asian.  They looked like an equality poster on display at a public library, reminding people that people were people, regardless of race, gender, creed, status, or sexual orientation.  It was sweet in kind of annoying, preachy way.
Three rapid shots.  One, two, three.  One went wide, two hit their mark.  Not in the head, though.  One on the shoulder and one in the back.  Non-lethal.  He would have sworn but that would have been a waste of energy; he was already moving, stalking forward, wanting to find a better position.
"Sure, I like blackjack," said Tony weakly.  Jameson's mannerism was incredibly disarming.  He fell into step with the other Alpha; Joan and Maria both grabbed onto Steve's arms, beaming.
"Phil? Phil. Do us a favour. Can you call people? Just tell Aria and Pepper we're- we're taking Donner and he's in labour. Please."
Backstage, Tony took a few unsteady steps.  The ankle he had clipped was throbbing, but he ignored it.  He let the suit do the work, forcing his body to walk even though, without the suit, he doubted his ability to stand.
"I'm glad we ended up here," he mumbled, half into the pillow his head was cushioned on, but his words were sincere.
Tony beamed at him.  "You are, you're so good, you're my omega... I'm going to protect you, don't worry, you're safe here."  He offered Steve a chip of ice with one hand, his other playing with the waistband of Steve's pants. "It's just us," he said softly.  Steve's head lolled as he trailed ice over him. Steve was sweating despite the air-conditioning, shivering violently; Tony had already shoved every blanket in the room over to him, so that he was cocooned in them on the edge of the couch.
Natasha's hands froze for a split second and then went back to helping Steve clean himself up.  "HYDRA agent," she said brusquely, glancing behind her at Tony.  She'd kept her promise not to watch the simulation; she knew Steve would have done the same for her.
and he was pretty sure he felt his own cock twitch against his thigh in response. When they were downstairs in the conference and alphas called their omegas 'good boy' and 'good girl' it had made Steve feel sick. But here...in bed with Tony, it turned him on more than anything else.
"Thank you. Goddammit, Steve. This is a shit storm..." This was probably the most human Steve had ever heard Phil. It was unsettling. "Did you at least find him?"
He tongued the edge of Steve's foreskin delicately, swiping his tongue over Steve's head again before slipping the shaft back into his mouth.  This was easier than Tony's other experience, not just because of the lack of the threat of imminent death, but also because Steve didn't have a knot.  Tony couldn't swallow his whole length but he could take a little more than half which, all things considered, he felt, was a decent amount.
Aria surveyed the room, and spotted Tony and Pepper against a wall.  "There.  Come on."  She linked their arms and led Steve toward his mate.
She looked pointedly at the armor. See, Tony knew she wasn't stupid. “That is my armor. It's, uh, possessed. But I am not. And it is not very powerful unless I am in it.”
“So…. Uh…. How come you have a portrait of Jarvis at school, if he is still alive and living here? I thought only dead people had talking portraits?” Probably something he should have known as a proper wizard and didn’t.
?' 'I missed you so much, you jackass.' 'I missed you more, you idiot.' Really, it's so obvious." Her voice was a little scornful, which Tony found offensive. Actually, he found the whole situation offensive. He really didn't need the last sucky months of his life to be turned into a fucking joke. Even if she had a point. Tony didn't want to be arguing about this kind of stuff. They needed to talk, argue, whatever, about what they had together. Or, at least, what they
"So you figured you'd go and sacrifice your ass?" Steve fisted his hands in Tony's shirt and yanked him close. "Fuck you! You're worse than me! You know what would have happened if Hydra had caught you there, Tony? I would have torn the fucking place apart with my bare hands to find you, you asshole! Fifteen hundred year old frescoes and all! And they likely would have killed me anyway, because that would have been
“Yes. Really. I don't know what happened to Howard after the war. Apparently he changed a lot. When I knew him he was a decent enough fellow. I wouldn't call him nice. I am not even sure we were friends, but his heart was in the right place. He was a bit of a snake oil salesmen though, I thought, and if the choice had been between himself and the greater good, I am not so sure the greater good would have won. Still, he contributed to the war effort with everything he had and he had a lot.”
“This serves as a thrice a day reassurance for me that you haven’t blown yourself up again, Mr Stark. Besides, they are not
"Think positive, Tony," came Steve's smiling voice from beside him, "This one has a boat that we can borrow to get to the Grail Island."
Steve had studied Stark surreptitiously. He was a handsome man, with laugh lines and a penetrating stare, disrespectful and sarcastic, but obviously smart and focused when he wanted to be. Steve had liked Howard, but he had always felt too much like the scrawny unpopular kid hanging out with the flashy dandy to ever feel confident in their friendship. Something that was subtly fed by Howard as much as his own insecurities, he was sure. Stark's mercurial mood changes were somehow more honest and.... appealing. He guessed he could have gotten a worse partner for this pretend marriage, and, boy, was that whole gay marriage thing an alien concept for a guy born in 1918. He reminded himself that Hydra was invloved in this and that that should really be his priority. Nothing else
Tony felt his eyes on him as he lined himself up and slowly pushed in. He squeezed his eyes shut and grit his teeth to keep from coming right there and then. God, the pressure, the heat. It was beyond compare.
"You can have a beer now, though." Clint handed him the freshly opened bottle and turned back to the fridge for himself. "Now get out of my kitchen, you're in the way."
"JARVIS, get the door." It swooshed open. As he went to go in, he added, loud enough for her and anyone else inside to hear:
After that chance meeting where he bumped into Steve, it's suddenly like he happens to be everywhere Tony goes.
It wasn't good thoughts that plagued his mind, and his hindbrain was more than a little disgusted with the thoughts that he entertained, but his heart was heavy and in the comfort of the dark he wasn't strong enough to dispel the thoughts that maybe if he'd found a way to get Howard on the line, then maybe he'd still be with the rest of his friends and family in the forties.
Steve laughed, throwing his own hands in the air. It was ironic, considering what Tony had just said before.
Natasha laughs, rolling her eyes, and her entire body language shifts from tense and worried to slightly more relaxed.
," Tony hears Steve mutter the last part to himself but he stays silent, choosing instead to watch as Steve scolds him. Not that he could say anything, he was literally stunned into silence.
Tony rolls his eyes. "Okay, one, please never mention those two idiots' names in our bed again and two -"
"Good morning, Mr. Stark. I take it you were visiting Steve? I hope you weren't riling my patient up again," she says, glancing at him for a couple of seconds and then turns away to greet a nurse that tells her good morning. Although this time, he can hear a teasing lilt to her voice, and not an accusatory one.
He turns back to look at Tony when he hisses in pain, hand hovering inches above his right ankle, which, now that he’s looking at it closer, is swollen and slightly bruised.
Steve's so intent on his actions of folding the clothing and packing the few toys away that he doesn't pick up the sound of approaching footsteps, nor does he hear Tony's knock on the door.
I've finally managed to update! I apologize for the long wait but things were super hectic on my side.
He crosses the room to the ottoman where the pink gift bag from Pepper lay discarded. Steve picks it up and sits down on the edge of the bed, finding that he was curious to know what was inside. The bag wasn't heavy, nor too light, which meant that the contents in the bag were on the small side.
When Steve glances out the window, he understands why. The weather outside looked to be one of the days where it was nothing but cold and wet.
The mâitre d' led them through the restaurant and to their seats. "Your table, Sirs. I hope you enjoy your evening," the man said, parting with another smile.
All these thoughts flitted around his brain, making his brain go into overdrive and confuse him into thinking that he was shivering, that the cold was coming for him again.
Steve cocks his head to one side for a minute before he straightens up. He clears his throat once, twice, and he can see just how nervous Steve is.
Steve doesn't say anything straight away. His lack of a quick response is what prompts Tony to turn and face him.
He had a ton of trouble when it came to convincing Tony that it was his job to listen to him. Because, if not him, then who else would listen to Tony? It was part of being Tony's boyfriend.
"Why did you drug him? What were you possibly hoping to achieve by doing this to him?" he asks. He's so furious that he's hands are shaking with the effort to keep from punching Tiberius Stone in his ugly face.
He doesn't understand why Stone would admit to drugging Tony. Why even drug Tony in the first place?
Any other time he would've laughed at the way Tony's eyes widened in shock and the look of surprise on his face, but this wasn't the right time or place for that.
She's stopped whimpering now, and Steve huffs out a slight laugh when she lets out a sigh of content, a tiny yawn escaping her equally tiny mouth.
"You see, the footage that JARVIS showed me says something different. You could've just picked me up and dropped me off at the medbay. Easy peasy. No muss no fuss. But you didn't. You checked with Bruce to make sure that I was going to be okay. Why? Why didn't you just leave and go to your floor?" Tony questions, sounding frustrated.
"Given Clint's obsession with a bow and arrow and shooting people with Nerf bullets I'd say it's par for the course. Pretty tame compared to the messages the others got from him," Steve pointed out. He plated up the waffles and fruit and placed it in front of Tony who smiled at him in thanks before bringing his attention back to the phone in his hand.
“Steve, it’s fine. Just- go upstairs and make sure that Barton doesn’t get his grimy paws on my chinese food. God, he’s like a freaking vacuum when it comes to food,” Tony says. The last part is muttered under his breath, but he hears it anyway due to his keen sense of hearing.
Tony moves forward until he's leaning halfway out of his seat, then moves to tuck the blankets around Steve properly.
The restaurant was quaint and gave off a feeling of warmth; there was soft music playing from hidden speakers and the candlelight gave the place a romantic feel. Given that it was Valentine's day, it was to be expected.
And also very panicked. So much so that Steve had a hard time getting him to focus enough so that he could find out what exactly had happened. Which, once Tony had calmed down enough and understood that he didn't want to force him to leave the bathroom, was much easier.
"Good reviews, huh? Hope it lives up to the hype then. So far they've gotten five points from me. This place has a certain ambience about it that doesn't immediately make me want to run out because of all the snobby rich folk who have no problem with confusing which spoon to use with which dishes," Tony said.
He shrugs. He doesn't want to let on just how annoyed he was at her. Not that she deserved it, of course, but it didn't mean that he didn't have a reason for being annoyed. His friends were talking behind his back. And while it was probably in good faith and in concern for his general well-being, the fact remained that they had still gone behind his back.
"Not much to talk about, Stark. You were drugged, you call me, I got you back to the tower. As simple as that. Are we done now?" he says, voice not betraying any emotion.
Tony raised an eyebrow. He sensed some insecurity from Steve's side. And wow, how could a guy like Steve ever be insecure? Steve was hot as hell, and when he scolded Tony he looked adorable.
"Steve?" Tony let loose a shaky breath. "Tony, you called," Steve said in disbelief. The tone of his voice was happy, and just a tiny bit worried and confused.
"Probably. But when has time ever stopped Bucky from doing anything he wants to do? Also, I'm pretty sure that now that I'm pregnant, Bucky will be even more annoying than he usually is," Steve said matter-of-factly.
There's nothing to worry about, Tony made a wonderful recovery and there were no lingering drugs in his bloodstream, but Tony was now hiding away in his lab.
All too soon, Sam stands with a look of regret on his face and gives them a smile that could easily pass as a grimace.
However, that did not mean that he didn't feel the cold settling into his bones like it had made a home inside of him. In a way, it had ever since the ice. His skin grew cold and his core temperature dropped whenever it was a bad day for him.
"Nevermind. Friday then? I really need to go now, Tony. I'm going to be late and my friends - Bucky is going to be mad at me because I'm late again, " Steve sounded regretful and more than a little disappointed and Tony felt a warm rush of pleasure flow through his body.
than I already am. How about I treat you to dinner? As an apology?" He tries. Never let it be said that Anthony Edward Stark didn't know what he was doing when it came to
And if it meant that he had to get cans of pain-relieving spray or ice packs or even some of the pills he and Bruce had worked on to help when the pain Steve was in was too much for him to handle, then he would do it.
"Steve?" he slurs. He looks disorientated, and he opens his mouth to reassure Tony that he was fine, and that he was safely at the tower, but then Bruce is suddenly at his side and leaning over Tony's form.
Tony didn't even complain about the long lines, too busy thinking of the next time that he would get to see Steve.
"She knows your voice, Cap," Tony speaks up and Steve's head shoots up and he gives Tony an unsure smile.
"I look forward to it, Sir. Our discussions are always worthwhile, but I believe you have someone to speak to. And no, Sir, the penthouse is also locked down and will remain so until you speak to Captain Rogers. You'll find him in the gym, Sir."
If Tony wasn't falling asleep on him while standing up in a bathroom at a gala that he was currently the one in charge of organising, he would have entertained the idea of getting revenge on Tiberius Stone for a minute.
"Sorry," he apologizes hastily and hates how fake it sounds. He doesn't sound sorry, but he really is. He doesn't mean to hurt Steve. Ever. Hates how Steve's happy smile disappears and he gets all quiet.
Tony leans heavily on him, face screwed up in pain and he hates the way a pained whimper escapes Tony's tightly sealed lips.
that Steve blamed himself, and if there's something that Steve shouldn't be doing right now, it's blaming himself.
