“And neither of you, not once in all these years, ever realized you were wrong?” Mr. Holmes asked, genuinely confused. Horrified as well, but looking more confused.
“Sorry,” said Sherlock in a tone that was definitely not sorry. The Holmes brothers turned around and made the second trip to town. When they finally got home a little later than expected, Mummy chastised them only for taking so long, and didn’t realize that they could’ve (and did) spoiled their appetites. Mycroft turned to Sherlock and gave him the kind of smile that happens when two people are in on a very amusing, and slightly scandalous, secret.
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes were waiting outside when they arrived. John was at once struck by how much Sherlock resembled his parents. He had his father’s eyes and mouth, and his mother’s nose. Mr. and Mrs. Holmes immediately rushed over to see the baby, who had just woken up and was very confused as to who these new people were. Everyone went inside and, once Sherlock and John had settled in and checked on Rosie, had lunch.
“Do you like the bumblebees, Sherlock?” Mycroft asked, crouching next to his brother. He always asked this, in the hopes Sherlock would pick up on the word. Sherlock had started babbling, but he never said anything remotely meaningful, and so the most Mycroft could coax out of him was a b-b-b. He was also getting better at picking things up, and he was interested in everything, so Mycroft had declared himself safety supervisor and was always around to take stuff out of Sherlock’s hands or mouth.
"Look at those heels! Amazing! She's really wowing the crowd, listen to them cheer!" John clapped very loudly then and took on the role of the audience.
“John, it’s so wonderful to finally meet you,” said Mr. Holmes. “Mycroft’s told us so much about you.” John smiled. Of course Sherlock hadn’t told them anything. He was fidgeting and seemed itching to be anywhere but at that table. John put his hand on Sherlock’s arm and squeezed it in an effort to relax him.
“Just turn your back,” said Sherlock, who seemed unfazed by it all. John sighed and turned around, getting into his pyjamas in record time. Sherlock seemed to be taking his sweet time, however. Finally John gave up waiting and climbed into bed. Sherlock followed suit soon after, though he was wearing much less than John was. John was in striped matching pyjamas. Sherlock was wearing just a pair of briefs.
This evening went on quiet as well. Sherlock was laying in bed reading articles on his phone, and John was doing a crossword puzzle he had found in the newspaper.
John looked at his glass and smiled shyly. The evening was progressing pretty well. After having a decent meal, Molly, Mike, and John went to a pub nearby. They had found a table and had John got the first round of drinks at the bar. Once seated, they exchanged some small talk and some thoughtful questions and answers when Molly realised John and Mike had studied together at St. Mary’s. That was when Mike started telling embarrassing stories about their time at university.
For a moment, John hesitated. He suddenly didn’t want to leave Sherlock behind. He felt the urge to stay by his side to make sure everything was going to be okay, that Sherlock would be okay. But he knew he had to continue. “I, uhm… I got to-”
Sherlock sighed. Of course, he couldn’t fool John. He had stopped trying to fool John the moment John had set foot in his hospital room two weeks ago. “I don’t know,” he answered in honesty.
“It’s okay; you’re safe. Nothing’s going to happen,” I whisper soothingly, allowing him to slump against me. I don’t care if anyone comes in and sees us like this. I know he needs this. Needs me.
Principal Lestrade dismissively waved with his hand. “Please call me Greg. And the pleasure is mine, John. I started to worry that we wouldn’t find someone for our year 4 students, but from what I heard, you are perfect for the job. Did you bring your resume?”
The car stopped with a jolt, and John stepped out of it immediately, slamming the door shut with a loud bang. He opened the door of 221B, walked up the stairs at a fast pace and entered the apartment. Sherlock couldn’t do anything else than to follow reluctantly.
When John came back, he was in an even more foul mood than before. His conversation  didn’t exactly go as he hoped, and it had started to pour just when he got out of the tube. He did his best to get inside as quietly as he could.
“I’m sure they told you how the surgery went. I spoke to doctor Wilson. They’ll start your detox tomorrow and send in a psychiatrist.”
Sherlock listened if there was some new information, but there was nothing he hadn’t deduced already. Without really noticing, he glanced towards the entrance, something he had been doing since John went inside every couple of seconds.  But this time, his eyes lingered on something. It took him less than a second to realise that was he saw. There was movement at the entrance.
John clearly tried to keep Sherlock under the impression that they were sleeping separately by pulling himself away when he woke up and leaving the room before Sherlock would wake, but this morning Sherlock wanted to know what John would do if he couldn’t move. So he had grabbed John’s hand. He expected John to try to pull his hand back, but he didn’t. Sherlock had anticipated that John would get angry with him for invading his personal space, but he didn’t. Instead, he had given Sherlock one of the warmest smiles he had ever seen.
He tried to keep his own breathing as secure as possible. After a couple of long minutes, John heard Sherlock’s breathing grew a little more steady. Little by little, he seemed to come back from it, and John was relieved. It looked like the tide finally was turning.
I do know that, BUT! I decided to give these two idiots the ending they deserve, and I simply can't do that in 221 words. I also didn't want to abandon the 221 words concept, so that means there will be 2 chapters today (I'll upload part 2 in a couple of hours)!
John cleared his throat and tried to sound as composed as he could be. "Okay. Let's get you out of this bed so we can go home."
When John arrived back at the table though, Sherlock was nowhere to be found. He immediately knew something was wrong.
Although John had been preparing himself for this for months, it still felt as if someone hit all the air out of lungs,  if the ground was sinking underneath him. He sucked in a breath.
“Take a look at this,” John said after a couple of minutes and held out a piece of paper, which appeared to be a photo. Sherlock took, looked at it… and froze. There was a man in the picture, on his knees, his arms tight behind his back, bruises clearly visible. His back was turned towards the camera, and his head hung low. He was held gunpoint.
The night went on quite uneventful. Once they were home, they started to settle in. John let Sherlock do his own thing, which meant he was cataloguing every corner of every room. John made some tea, and once Sherlock was done roaming around the house, they sat down at the kitchen table together, just enjoying each other’s company.
It was silent for a long moment. John could see Sherlock struggle with his words, opening and closing his mouth for a couple of times. When he finally spoke, his voice wasn’t much more than a whisper. “Because he was going to kill you.”
John didn’t want to lose it in front of Sherlock. He had to stay strong. He pulled back a little so he could take a deep breath and looked up, trying to regain his composure. But Sherlock didn’t let him. He grabbed John’s arm as if he wanted to prevent him from leaving.
But before Sherlock could continue, he heard footsteps on the stairs. He narrowed his eyes and cleared his throat. “Lestrade’s here.”
I don’t get time to respond; before I know, she has turned around and walks away with John, leaving me behind, blinking.
“Would you like to start with the summery-exercise we’ve been doing the last few sessions? See how far we can get?”
Molly interfered. “Oh, John, please try? I think he really would like to come, but he just needs a push in the right direction.”
John didn’t. He closed the door and entered the room but remained standing. He had his fists clenched together tightly and was trying to keep his anger in control. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
Mike walked towards the desk and put the mug of coffee on it. His eyes lingered on something. “Sherlock wrote you a note?” he asked.
When he was about to get up and grab his pack of cigarettes though, Sherlock heard a knock on the door. A jolt of nerves ran through his body, followed by anticipation and after that, anger. Now what? He would have accepted the fact that John simply wasn’t interested anymore. This was a whole new scenario he hadn’t thought about. Did John still want to go? And did he still wanted to go himself?
With his eyes closed, Sherlock leaned back against the wall and took a deep, shaky breath. His heart was thumping wildly in his chest, and he couldn’t control the tremble in his legs. This was stupid. He was being stupid. His mind was playing tricks on him. He knew John probably was just being nice, that he was trying to comfort Sherlock. Besides, John had a decent amount of alcohol in his blood, so he wasn’t thinking entirely straight. He probably didn’t even notice that his brief touch could be interpreted as something more. It was just supposed to be a friendly gesture. Nothing less, and definitely nothing more.
Sherlock snuggled deeper into the sheet and grunted.  It sounded like a positive grunt, though, so John just rolled his eyes and got up.  “I’ll wake you when it’s ready.”
John just glared for a moment. “If you can’t deduce that for yourself, or hell, just look out a window occasionally, you can stop calling yourself a genius.”
“He finally was able to return once the danger had passed, and resumed his life in London.  By the time he returned, dear John was engaged to be married to someone else.  Of course, that was to be expected at the time; Sherlock and John had been best friends before Sherlock left but had never declared their attraction to each other.  John, poor boy, had been devastated by his friend’s violent death.”
“Oh!  The ring.  I just bought wedding rings; I don’t know if you want to wait until we’re married to wear it, but I have yours here and I’d rather like to see it on you.”
Once outside, John turned left without hesitating and walked at his usual pace until he was out of sight, just in case Sherlock happened to have abandoned the microscope for the window in the past three minutes.
“Sure, John, what is it?”  She hovered her mouth over the rim of her mug, but decided it was still too hot to risk a sip.
“I know, love.”  Siger smiled his half smile that had made Violet realize she did have a heart after all, so many years ago now.  “Besides, it seems fate has brought you back together, running into her just a month after she and Charles retired to a cottage just fifteen miles away from us.”
“John!”  Sherlock finally removed his injured finger from his mouth long enough to moan.  “This experiment could have
“I don’t know why I let her get to me,” Lestrade continued. “It’s been three and a half years since the divorce was final.  Why should I care what she thinks?”
“That’s actually how Mycroft and Greg met,” Siger added. “Sherlock...had some...difficult times as a young man.  Greg recognized his talents and gave him work to do, giving him motivation to get better.  We’ll always be grateful for how good a friend Greg was to Sherlock, giving him a chance even though Sherlock wasn’t an easy person to be around back then. Mycroft, of course, was also trying to watch out for his brother--they’re seven years apart, so Mycroft has always been rather protective of him--and wanted to meet this person who his baby brother was working with.”
Sherlock nuzzled his nose into John’s hair; John took the gesture as an “I’m a little bit sorry, but not really really sorry,”  which is exactly what it was.
sure won’t be making again.  Who needs marriage, eh, John?”  He tipped his head towards John and then took another long drink of his beer.
Violet sniffed. “I insisted, after everything was all over, on being introduced to a few of their friends just so that they could see we are not
No, no... I haven't abandoned this fic! Life just needed my attention, not to mention my massive writers' block... But don't worry, I haven't forgotten this fic or the fandom at that!
John repeated this again and again, like a mantra. It was the only way for him to ensure that thoughts like "what if" and "why" did not get the upper hand.
Monday morning started with the first staff meeting of the new school year. John looked around the large table to his new colleagues. He had met some of them last week, but most of them were unfamiliar. One by one, they came up to him, shook his hand and introduced themselves.
Sherlock hadn’t gone easy on his wallet in the shop. He bought several different toys, lubes, videos and even a couple of costumes. Best not to leave any base uncovered huh. The shop had actually had a strangely calming effect on the detective. It had seemed so mysterious and the reality wasn’t nearly as intimidating as his imagination. Now he just had his date to look forward to and he was certain John would make it wonderful.
“Not so bad yourself.” Sherlock wore the lustful look John was sure he too was sporting. This was going to be an intense evening indeed.
Sherlock marched through the park. His mind was whirling. He didn’t like this. It was so much sentiment. He was supposed to stay neutral but how could he when it felt like he couldn’t breathe. So John wanted his soulmate. Or at least he was pretending to in order to further his story of not knowing it was Sherlock. Was he trying to get Sherlock to make a move? But why after all this time? Sherlock didn’t know how to deal with emotions like this when his whole life he’d been taught to run from them.
Holy shit, John realised, he’s going to show me his soulmate mark. Who could it possibly be to prompt this reaction from him though? And there was the answer to his thought. Staring back at him was his mark. Sherlock was his soulmate. John’s eyes widened in shock. It made so much sense now that he thought about it. Sherlock was his everything. Meeting him had been the best thing that had ever happened to him. It also explained the trepidation in showing him of course.
“Sherlock. You know I would never expect anything. Don’t you?” Oh god, it was so frustrating. Sherlock exploded.
Well, the tension is finally relieved. It may be a while before anything is added I haven't decided where it will go next or if perhaps this is the perfect ending - them happy together.
Sherlock was getting impatient. The feel of John on him was delectable but he longed to know more. He pulled at the buttons on John’s shirt, displacing them. It popped open and he ran his hands over the silky skin reaching onto his back and pulling the shirt from him completely. Damn. He was deceptively muscley. John sniggered.
“God, Sherlock are you crying? I’m sorry we can do something else. I thought you’d like it.” John walked over to his soulmate and embraced him in a tight hug.
“Well I tried to tell you,” he mumbled through the kiss. They got lost in the feel of each other's hungry mouths on one another's. It was calm. There was no urgency or fear of what might becoming. For once since they had first laid eyes on each other things felt right. Sherlock broke away.
The silence felt like it lasted an eternity. Fuck. Fuck. What had he done? John was horrified. Everything was ruined. Sherlock leapt away from him as if scolded.
Sherlock was officially freaking out. He was going on a date with John. It was all he had hoped for but now he didn’t know what he was feeling. John dated. That’s what John did. And Sherlock… Well, it would be all-new for him. How would he know what to do? He wanted to be perfect for John. To give him everything he’d dreamed for and more but he didn’t know how to. Then there was the not so little problem of after the date. Sherlock wasn’t stupid. Nor deaf. He knew exactly what went on with John and all the women he dated. Well, not exactly but he had a pretty good idea.
John coughed, a few fairly graphic ideas floated through his mind. Did Sherlock want that though? This was all so perfect he didn’t want to ruin it. But then what he’d seen this morning suggested it was worth taking a chance on.
“Baby. If I’d known that this would have been a very different kind of date.” John laughed into his soon to be lover’s mouth.
He locked his lips against Sherlock’s once more. The tears rolling down their cheeks mingled together making the taste salty.
Mycroft sat in the office of his club. His brother was an idiot. He should have seen this coming. Sherlock had always been a blind fool when it came to love or people’s perception of him. Mycroft picked up the phone.
“I’m so sorry, John. I shouldn’t have said anything. I know soulmates are important to you. It must be devastating to realise it hasn’t worked for you. You deserve so much better than me. I’m so sorry John. I’ll move out. You can have the flat you won’t…”
John stepped onto the street more confused than before. It must be some he knew, John figured, else how come Mycroft wouldn’t tell him. If it was someone he knew then it was most likely someone Sherlock still kept in his life. Obviously, things didn’t go well between them so why would he do that. His heart broke for his friend. It must be impossible to know that the magic everyone seems to talk about soulmates will never exist for you. Know more than anything he wanted to kill the person.
"I… They're supposed to be made perfect for you." John stammered. He turned a bright shade of pink. What was he saying?
"What?!?" John spluttered in response. He longed to take Sherlock in his arms and prove to him just how worthy he was. But he knew that wasn't what Sherlock wanted and besides his soulmate was out there somewhere too.
“John, I umm haven’t done this before and I tried to look online but it was so confusing and the lady in the shop said it didn’t matter but I want to get it right so you might have to show me.” John’s cock throbbed at the idea of showing Sherlock exactly what he liked.
The sun streamed through the window, bringing John slowly to his senses. Last night’s revelation had been incredible. Where was Sherlock? He had seemed off-kilter last night and well this new relationship meant new things to think about. This worried John. Sherlock struggled with emotions and John wanted it to be as easy as possible. Dating was supposed to be a nice feeling.
“Oh Sherlock,” he had sounded so vulnerable. John wanted to pull him into a bear hug and make the world go away.
John stared at the clock with a sort of twisted determination as those his eyes could force the minutes over faster. The minute his shift ended he was out of there. He had a magical evening planned and he could wait to get to it. Not that he’d admit it but he had agonised somewhat over his date outfit. Sherlock always looked so smart and he didn’t want to look like he didn’t care by comparison. He bounced on the balls of his feet. Tonight was going to be amazing.
“Come on you’ve got to let me have this? I’ve been dreaming about the first magical date with my soulmate ever since I was little.”
“I know Sherlock. I wish I could take all this away for you but I can’t. If it helps they’re your soulmate. That means something. They were made to be right for you and you for them.”
Sherlock cringed. Couldn’t John see how hard he was trying? This didn’t come naturally to him. A horrible thought struck him. Maybe John didn’t even want him like that. I mean what did he even have to offer. He was inexperienced and not exactly attractive. His lungs started to ache. Struggling to suck in breaths, he felt tears prick in his eyes. God again really. Maybe Mycroft was right about the sentiment he was pathetic. John caught sight of the tears brewing in his soulmate's eyes.
“ I.. um… Intimacy.” He went bright red. Well, that was effective. What had happened to sentences? John had gone a bit pinkish too. Was that what Sherlock had been worried about. Did he really think that he was the kind of guy to pressure anyone or want things? I suppose given the treatment of his girlfriends since they had met that would make sense but didn’t he know how special he was?
Mycroft emerged from a door John hadn’t even noticed until this point and walked towards his office. The expectation that John followed him was obvious; he understood the rules of the Diogenes by now. John felt uncomfortable but tried to look unfazed. Mycroft may be able to read him like a book but this was important.
“Yes?” the hesitation in Sherlock’s voice immediately put John on edge he was normally so confident.
“Excuse Me me, sir, can I help you?” A woman with pink dreadlocks popped up from behind the counter.
Sherlock stiffened in his chair. What was John talking about? Did he really think that Sherlock's someone was out there somewhere? And that Sherlock was lusting after the idea of them?
John pushed Sherlock down against the bed and laid a line of kisses down his chest. The detective's breath was erratic. It was so much. He fluttered his eyes open to the view of John crouched over him with a gleeful smile on his face. God. He groaned and snapped his eyes just again. This was heaven but in some ways, it also felt like torture. Then his soulmate engulfed him and he saw stars. It was nothing like anything. Soft mulesing spurs were ripped from Sherlock’s mouth. No. He needed to get himself under control. This was all wrong; he was supposed to be storing this precious information away forever but the pleasure was too strong. It hit him in waves. He was sure he was dying but honestly he didn’t care.
“You’re my soulmate,” he said, dumbly. Clearly, his mouth hadn’t quite regained the ability for speech yet. Tears filled Sherlock’s eyes.
“That was the best experience of my life. You have nothing to be sorry for. You have given me the greatest gift anyone could ever receive by loving me. I am so grateful you would share that side of me with yourself. If I did anything at all to make you feel inadequate I am truly sorry. And baffled because that was just… perfect.” John’s breath hitched on the last word.
“I thought since you didn’t know about the solar system maybe you never really took the time to be entranced with the night sky. I always found the stars comforting. Like we’re all under these same shimmering lights and that makes us connected…” he glanced over a Sherlock slightly nervous of his reaction. Tears pricked at the corner of his eyes.
Sherlock regarded him with cold eyes. If only that were true. He knew once he revealed the truth to John that would be the end of his happy life. He would return to the nothingness of before. Only it would be worse because he would know what he would be missing out on.
“Yes. Well, he’s still straight and honestly he should be feeling this without knowing and he doesn’t. All the pinning is one way. He doesn’t feel anything.”
No, it wasn’t Sherlock had made sure to flash him his bare wrist as soon as they met. He knew John had seen it. He was certain. Then there was the whole. “I’m not gay.” “This isn’t a date.” “He’s not my boyfriend.” Sherlock had been rejected over and over again. He had heard of one-sided soulmate ships before though. That the marks looked different to different people. It must be that. So John hadn’t even meant to reject him. Sherlock was just so unloveable that he didn’t even have a soulmate. At least not a proper one.
John got to work in the kitchen, boiling the kettle and putting some toast in. He was still worried about Sherlock, clearly, something was getting to him but he didn’t want to push.
“It’s okay, Sherlock. I just want to know your alright. Do you want to come to have some breakfast?”
“It’s not funny. You’re not supposed to have this shit around you. It’s a risk if something happens.”
"Sherlock." He said abruptly, "Have you ever thought about trying to track down your soulmate? I mean surely with Mycroft's resources it would be easily attainable."
“Are you kidding?” John's incredulous voice husked. His head came up to meet his soulmates. It broke his heart. His eyes looked so sad and he turned his head away.
“Eww. You want to talk about what my brother would think of all this.” The detective slapped his mate playfully and they dissolved into giggles that melt once again into kisses.
“Later, I want to kiss you so much more.” Before Sherlock could craft his cutting remark about being lured there under false pretences John’s lips were on his again. That taste would always be magical and calming. He wanted to stay like this forever but this time the kiss was more biting. It tingled with a promise of delightful to come. John kissed his way down to Sherlock's neck and sucked on the skin there. He nipped a little with his teeth. Everyone should know the delectable man belonged to him. All of a sudden he understood the stupid products made to accentuate your soulmate mark. Of course, you’d want everyone to see. Sherlock keened and it brought John back to the moment. His hands spread out across the man's chest and covered as much of him as they could reach.
John sat at the kitchen table in despair. What had happened to Sherlock to make him have so little faith in love. If John were to ever meet this mystery woman, he would wring her neck. It wasn't right. He struggled to think of something he could do to help, but he wasn't Sherlock's soulmate. Oh if only he were life would be so much easier. That's when it came to him. He could do it. Track down this mystery soulmate and restore Sherlock's faith in himself. Or kill the bastard if that didn’t work out
He got to his feet and walked into the other room. Sherlock was slumped over the computer making notes on a video that appeared to be well porn and not like soft nice porn either.
Where was John going? It was so early. Probably just trying to get away from me. Sherlock mused to himself. No that wasn’t fair John may have rejected him as a soulmate but he had always been a decent friend. God that conversation last night must have fucked him up. It just didn’t make any sense. John was a romantic pining after his soulmate. What did he think was going to happen. That he was going to find another one? Or was it possible that he didn’t know?
Sherlock was back with him now. Their eyes locked, they lay their foreheads together for a second and just breathed. They had all the time in the world and this moment would be savoured. John’s arms were strong. The muscles from his army days were still very much alive and rippling under the smooth skin. Sherlock felt safe. It wasn’t a feeling he was accustomed to. Well, he wasn’t accustomed to any of this.
“Well, you see it’s about Sherlock's soulmate. I brought it up last night and he had a very strange reaction almost heartbroken and Umm… Well, I was wondering, do you know what happened there? And could you maybe help me track them down?” John rushed out the last sentence and sighed. There he said what he needed to say. A slight crinkle formed on Mycroft’s forehead.
John traced the black outline on his wrist. He would die if he was called a romantic but he was unnaturally drawn to his soulmate mark. From the first time he'd heard the story of soul bonds, he had been kind of hooked on the idea that somewhere out in the world someone was walking the earth made to be his other half. Obviously, he'd grown up since then and knew that even if there was someone made for him chances are he would never find them. So he made do. He had thousands of partners during his years. Sex had become the same as eating to John now and far distanced from is painfully idolized image of when he would meet his soulmate.
But who could it be? It wasn’t Molly there was no way she’d turn him down.  It wasn’t Irene Adler she’d been bonded to her soulmate already. They really didn’t know that many people. It could be a guy he supposed. Sherlock had sort of implied he liked men when they’d first met. Lestrade? He supposed that was physically possible but he was pretty sure Lestrade wouldn’t do something like that. He’d take a soulmate responsibility completely seriously and never let his soulmate down. Oh god, what if it was someone terrible like Moriarty. I mean he had always been obsessed with Sherlock and in some ways, they were on the same slightly sick wavelength. He was pretty sure not though. At least it wasn’t something he was willing to think about.
“Oh Sherlock, I meant hot chocolate,” He said, producing a thermos from what appeared to be nowhere. So Sherlock didn’t the terrifying sex from those videos. In fact, it seems he didn’t want sex at all. But why was he watching them? John decided it was best to let it go.
“No, John. It’s perfect.” Sherlock took John’s hand and led him towards the setup. They settled on the picnic blanket, Sherlock wrapped in John’s arms.
Sherlock’s head was still all messed up. He needed to talk to someone about this. No, he needed to talk to John about this but unfortunately, that didn’t make sense. Or did it? If this was someone else he could talk to John. Maybe he could talk to John about John and just keep John’s name out of the equation. He spun on his heel towards home. This could work. This could actually work.
Sherlock took a cab into central London. He’d looked online where the best sex shop was. It claimed the largest range of toys and sex supplies in-country. Upon arrival the mere size of the shop was astounding. How could there even be this many different ways to have sex? Sherlock felt ill. He wandered around row after row flustered.
“Okay. Well. I’ve never y’know and I never planned on it but then I found my soulmate you see and he’s wonderful. Perfect. But he has so much experience and he gets these things and I… I just want it to be good for him you know.”
“No, Sherlock,” John took over more forcefully this time, “You’re my soulmate. All of it. It’s wonderful. It’s all real you’re perfect and you’re mine.” His voice hitched and his eye developed a sheen of tears. It was Sherlock’s turn to be gobsmacked.
“Yes well, you see. I um… I had a question and a favour I guess. Umm… I didn’t think there was anyone else who could y’know. Um…”
“I guess we’ll just have to find ways to keep warm.” Sherlock flinched at the innuendo. He wanted John. God he wanted John so badly but this was all new to him. John picked up on the discomfort.
God that was a dangerous thought to get hooked on. John doing scandalous things to a copious number of lovers. On the one hand, it made his blood boil. All those people with his John and on the other it… it turned him on. What would it be like when he and John were closed off behind that bedroom door. But that thought scared him. He wasn’t exactly a sexy man and he didn’t have a clue what to do in bed. John was like a sex god. By comparison, he was just pathetic.
“Okay, rest your eyes on there and tell me what you see.” The contact had made Sherlock feel all warm and fluffy. He peered in the telescope and gasped like a child. It seemed John caring for him turned him into a fool. He couldn’t say he minded though. It felt wonderful to be finally cradled in John’s arms.
Sherlock had been walking around the park for god knows how long. The cold was clinging to him. It hurt but it was good the pain was numbing. He didn’t want to feel but he didn’t want to do cocaine either it would create a vast sense of panic from everyone and he couldn’t be arsed to deal with it. His phone rang. He kicked some leaves. Wait what if it was John. He hurried his phone out of his pocket and struggled to answer it.
He was supremely fucked. It was possible he was a tiny bit infatuated with his flatmate. Bonds outside of soulmateship rarely worked out. Both partners were too desperate to find their true bond. Did Sherlock even have a soulmate? Now that he thought about it he'd never seen the mark. He tried to push the thought out of his head. No. John does not do this. It's an invasion of privacy he can keep what he wants to himself.
Everything changed when he met Sherlock though. He was thrown into a world of insane experiments and terrifying cases and for better or worse he was stuck there. The mad man held his attention in a way no one else would. In the beginning, he had tried to keep up his old lifestyle but Sherlock seemed to disapprove and for some reason, John found it impossible to fight against.
But to him, John would always be his soulmate. Even if it was only one-sided. He didn’t know what else to do. What happened if John found some other soulmate some kind of real soulmate. He’d always been certain it hadn’t worked like that, but maybe he’d been wrong. The secret fireplace draw called to him. No. He mustn't. That would be one thing that really would upset John. After all the trouble with his sister. Sherlock being a junky. He would just cut him off right there. Then again he’d never have John the way he yearned for him; maybe it would be better this way. He needed to get out of that house.
John had been waiting on the leather chair for what felt like hours. He knew Mycroft was busy and important but he was usually very protective of his younger brother and relatively fast to get in contact with him. A sigh escaped John’s lips. Maybe this had been a bad idea. I mean Sherlock hadn’t exactly been open to the idea of finding his soulmate but John could shake the look Sherlock gave him during their conversation. He looked heartbroken and that was destroying John. Maybe Sherlock’s soulmate was dead in that case this was a very bad idea. Regardless, that was something Mycroft could tell him and he wouldn’t pry any further.
“You’re good just a little gentler.” He smoothed his hand out over Sherlock’s and they worked in tandem. The release was sweet and warm. John felt a bubble of calm slide over his life was perfect.
“Sherlock,” John knocked on his soulmate’s bedroom door, “Are you ready for our date?” Sherlock threw open the door with a look of nervous excitement. John had to practically stifle a groan. The detective looked delectable. He was wearing that eggplant colour shirt. God the fantasies. John had about that shirt.
“Hello?” he called. “Anyone here?” He heard shuffling noises around him as the inhabitants took note of him.
November passed in an ordinary fashion, and Mycroft was as happy as a child could be. He had all he needed or wanted. Sherlock could now walk while holding onto furniture, though he had yet to walk independently. A couple of times he had tried to climb out of his crib, though he never got very far before someone realized and ran in to stop him. He only ate when Mummy offered food; he never sought it on his own. It was getting more tiring to look after him when he seemed intent on getting into and onto everything, but at least he wasn’t crying nonstop. Mycroft did not remember as fondly the first two months of his brother’s life.
“I’d be happy to pose as a couple with one of you if it’ll help the case,” said Lestrade, who had pulled a sandwich out of nowhere and was quickly eating it.
“Mycroft, it’s so wonderful to see you! We’ve missed you so much!” gushed Mum. “Why do you never call?” Her smiles and excitement turned to a warning look.
“Prime minister’s a lot of work,” said Mycroft. “Maybe I could get a smaller position and do work there.”
“Yes. I wasn’t very good at it, but you might like to try it. It came with a lesson book,” he offered. Sherlock took the case.
"Oh, come on, John," she pleaded. "You can clean it off to go out, but no one will see it here." John sighed and placed his hands back on the table.
“Come on, Sherlock, tell us her name,” said Mum on their last evening before Mycroft came home for the Christmas holiday.
“What are we doing for dinner, Sherlock?” asked John. Sherlock continued pacing as if he hadn’t heard him. “Sherlock, I am starving. What are we doing for dinner?” he asked again. Sherlock turned around, irritated at having been disturbed.
“Can you pass me that Erlenmeyer flask?” Victor handed over the flask. Sherlock filled it with a clear liquid from one of the test tubes, then tipped some soil in from a tupperware container (that was where he’d gotten the sample for the slide, too). The liquid fizzed and bubbled.
“Sherlock, I’m so sorry. I overreacted, and I was so stubborn and I couldn’t admit that I was wrong, and it got out of hand. And I should’ve been there. I should’ve been there for you when you got a crush on a boy and didn’t know what to do. And I wasn’t. I should’ve come round and listened to you, and I didn’t. I should’ve learned. I didn’t. I failed you, and I’m sorry. I can’t take back those years; there’s no chance at a do-over. I can’t unsay all the things I said. But I can stop backing them up. All I want, more than anything, is to be your dad again. And it’s okay that you’re gay. Really, it is. And whatever Mycroft is, that’s okay, too. And I’ll do my best, my absolute best, to make sure you boys understand that. So what do you say, Sherlock? Will you give me another chance?” Sherlock blinked. This was not what he expected. Honestly, he didn’t know what he expected. But it wasn’t this. He put his head in his hands, curling up into a ball perched on the edge of the bed. He was trying so hard not to get emotional, to keep cool and react reasonably. Then, his dad put an arm around him, his hand resting on his back. Sherlock the ball remained curled up, an impenetrable fortress. He didn’t know how to feel. Glad? Relieved? Bitter? Sad? All he wanted was a cigarette, to dull the confusing, painful emotions, take away the edge. Sherlock and his dad remained like this for a while before Mum called Dad down to help with dinner. Sherlock had never answered him, but he didn’t need to. Dad understood.
Vaguely reassured, John put away his phone and went to bed. But Sherlock didn’t return that evening or the next, and John was getting worried. Sherlock had stopped answering his phone except for a daily I’m okay, can’t talk, don’t worry. SH. John had shown these to Mrs. Hudson, who just waved her hand.
One cold night, Sherlock was looking for someplace that might keep him somewhat warm when he happened upon a crack den. He’d never been in such a place before, but unable to find anywhere else, he gave it a try.
“For your benefits, I’d like my own room. I tend to sprawl out and make the bed uninhabitable for the other person.” Lestrade said, though there was a hint of suppressed excitement that John couldn’t explain. He left to go unpack in his room, leaving John and Sherlock in the living room.
“Because we’re bored and you were in the wrong place at the wrong time,” answered John. “Now, Mrs. Hudson, what shall we do?” They started with scrubbing his face raw.
“How come there’s only one left?” He looked at them and saw Mycroft glancing in the other direction. “Mycroft?”
“Not a problem, as long as he can sleep on my bed,” he said. “I have lots of time to play with him, too, so he’ll be out of your hair for the most part anyway.”
“He didn’t even wait up,” whispered Sherlock, grinning. John suppressed a giggle. They brushed their teeth and hurried to bed, exhausted from all the traveling. When it came time to undress, however, John felt more than a bit awkward.
“Don’t be silly, Sherlock. I’ve only been away for a few months. But I am an intern now, which will look excellent on my CV.” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock couldn’t be kept content forever, though, and sure enough, late in the afternoon, Mycroft’s door swung open to reveal a very obviously bored Sherlock.
“Wait!” Everyone turned to look at him. He smiled sheepishly. “Can I come with you? It’s boring to be all alone.” The friends turned to look at each other, and their eyes debated whether or not to let him tag along. Sherlock spoke first.
“Sherlock’s missing, Lestrade’s missing, and I’m worried,” answered John. “You have cameras everywhere, have you seen anything?”
Hypoglycemia. Hyperthyroidism. Supraventricular tachycardia. Concussion. And more. Sherlock was pretty sure he didn’t have a concussion. And low blood sugar seemed unlikely. None of the diagnoses seemed exactly right. He’d just have to ask his parents when he got home. Then they could take him to the doctor. For now, though, he just had to get through the rest of the day. He was still preoccupied by the morning’s events, however, and had zoned out.
"And now we have Martha Hudson modelling a lovely purple dress for us, and she has chosen to go with it a stunning pearl necklace and a beautiful gold bracelet," he said in a mock-announcer voice.
“It’s nothing,” she said. The five remaining headed down the beach to the waves. Mycroft scowled the entire time, but Sherlock kept shooting him smug faces. As they were about to walk through the wet part of the sand, a familiar voice to their left called out.
Over the next few months, Mycroft spent lots of time playing with and taking care of his new brother. Sherlock didn’t seem very interested in what Mycroft thought was fun. He mostly just lay on his back and slept or cried. Sometimes he would just stare at Mycroft. One time Mycroft tried to explain to him the physics of how a superhero might be able to fly, but Sherlock just put his hand in his mouth and chewed on his little fingers. This annoyed Mycroft, but he was willing to let it slide because he was only a baby, and babies were interesting. They didn’t know anything, and so everything amazed them. Mycroft liked being able to amaze his brother.
Sitting there, in a designer swimsuit and sunglasses, feet totally buried in the mound of sand at his feet, was none other than Jim Moriarty. He was smiling innocently, though everyone there knew he was anything but. He stood up and shook off his sand-covered feet before striding over to where the party was standing in shock.
“No, Marie, listen. I don’t know if Sherlock’s responsible. He diligently practices the violin, yes, but what about his schoolwork?” Sherlock wasn’t so good at turning in his homework. He’d often leave it on his desk, or sometimes he wouldn’t even do it, choosing instead to do something interesting and stimulating. And when he did remember to do it and bring it in, kids often stole it and turned it in for themselves. So it was really only his fault two thirds of the time. He told his dad as much, but he just shook his head.
Sherlock turned five, and was enjoying his last months before his first day of school. He was excited to go and meet other kids, and learn, but he was also sad to not be able to play pirates all day. He started asking Mycroft about what school was like, and whether it was fun or not. Would he learn a lot? Are the kids nice? What about the teachers? What would he learn? How long is break time? Mycroft would think about his life at school. He never learned very much; what he did learn, was on his own. Billy was the only nice kid he’d known, and everyone else had made fun of him for his prowess. The teachers were nice enough, but he didn’t really pay much attention to them. And then he’d open his mouth to tell Sherlock, but his little brother’s eyes were so wide and full of hope. They had only known love and kindness and were unaware of the cruelty of kids. He just couldn’t bring himself to tell Sherlock how mean the world was. But what did it matter? Sherlock wasn’t like Mycroft. He was ordinary. Just like the other kids. They had nothing to single him out for.
“Boo!” yelled the shapes. After letting his eyes adjust, John saw that it was his friends on the catwalk. Molly was dressed as a cat, Lestrade, dressed in prison garb, was a bit fixated on Molly’s costume, and Sherlock was in his Smaug costume. “Happy Halloween, John,” added Sherlock, walking down the stairs and approaching John. The others descended, too.
“Yes,” said Mycroft in a very small voice. He cleared his throat. “But I was twelve. Based on the fact that I did not need to feel emotions, I assumed my genetically similar brother did not, either. Hardly something you’d expect a child to question.”
“There’s an Italian seafood place in town, Fanizzi’s, that’s supposed to be good,” Sherlock offered.
“Sherlock, do you want to see something cool?” Mycroft leant forward, hands on his knees. Sherlock crawled forward and reached his hands out. Mycroft smiled as Sherlock grabbed his nose with one hand and his shoulder with the other. His pale blue eyes were wide and happy. “Wait, did you just crawl? Mummy! Mummy, come see this!” Mummy came rushing into the room.
Sherlock was not initially good at the violin. He had trouble getting his small hands to go in the right position, and the violin was tiring to hold for a long time. He practiced every day, however. By no means did his skill come naturally, which both surprised and pleased Sherlock. He liked having a challenge, and this was an excellent one. Much more stimulating than the trifling deductions he made at school. His parents and brother enjoyed listening to him play in the evenings, and (with a little convincing) at Mummy and Daddy’s parties. Mycroft was proud of Sherlock. He respected his ability to stick with things, which he had always lacked.
Preparing for university was a welcome relief to Sherlock. It allowed him even more time away from his parents, and distracted him from the punches life threw his way. Thanks to his intellectual prowess, he had his pick of any school, and he had decided on Cambridge. His focus became on succeeding his exams, though he was regrettably interrupted during the Christmas holiday by the Y2K panic among the ordinary people. Sherlock was irritated by their stupidity. He almost hoped their computers would crash.
At this point, John decided to take a break, and maybe have something to eat. He heated up some soup and ate it in front of the television. He was watching a broadcast from Scotland Yard on the latest crime spree. Lestrade was clearly frustrated with all the reporters there asking why it hadn’t been solved yet. If Sherlock were here, he’d be able to solve it, thought John. Indeed, Sherlock would solve it, all while bickering with Donovan, picking on Anderson, and calling Greg the wrong name.
“Brother dear, you were always cold and salty,” Sherlock said without emotion. Mycroft glared at him. John, who had submerged himself in an effort to adjust quicker to the cold, surfaced behind Sherlock. He tapped the detective on the shoulder, then quickly ducked back under the water. Sherlock whipped around and immediately noticed the shadow beneath the water’s surface. He pretended not to see it, however, and put on an expression of mock confusion while John giggled underwater, creating lots of bubbles and a strange, high pitched noise. Sherlock turned around again, hoping to lure John into tapping him again so he could catch him in the act. John fell for it and Sherlock, reflexes fast as lightning, spun around and grabbed his arms.
Upon visiting the doctor, Sherlock was irritated to find out the dog had been carrying some sort of disease, and he’d have to stay, bedridden, at the hospital for ten days. Sherlock and a ten-day bedrest was a recipe for disastrous boredom. He was trying to analyze the weird food served to him when the door opened and in came Victor.
In the fall, Mycroft began fifth year, and he delved back into his way of life before he had befriended Billy. He worked and played alone at school, came home and did his studies, and in the evening ate dinner and played with Sherlock. Mycroft wasn’t quite happy, but he wasn’t sad, so he counted that as a win. His ninth birthday party was family-only and consisted mainly of cake and presents. Meanwhile, Sherlock was beginning to learn the alphabet, which excited the whole family.
"We do do the makeovers," John said. "You've completely changed your wardrobe since we've started watching her, and I've picked up a few new items myself."
So on the first day of school, he said nothing when Sherlock came downstairs with his backpack crammed full of books and cool things to show to the other kids. He said nothing when he ate his breakfast in record time. He said nothing when Sherlock put on his giant rubber boots (they were lucky) that didn’t match the outfit Mycroft had strategically set out for him. He just smiled and kept his sadness to himself. Sherlock was a little weird, but he’d be fine. Most kids were enthusiastic about their interests at that age, and pirates wasn’t the worst one you could have.
“Oh, um, actually, Jim, I-” Sherlock began. Moriarty shushed him. Sherlock looked over at John disappointedly, begging him to intervene and ask to be partners. John picked up on this.
“What a surprise,” said Sherlock, turning his attention to Rosie, who seemed to be the only sane person left in the room. Rosie’s hand was resting on his cheek and she seemed disinterested in the whole affair. His parents and John turned back to the album while Mycroft looked on in disdain.
“Okay.” Mycroft walked to the cordless phone hanging on the wall and dialed Bill’s number. The boys spent the rest of the afternoon playing superheroes and drawing and making their own comics. Mycroft taught Bill all about how superheroes could theoretically fly, and the boys decided their comics would use real science so nobody could argue that it was unrealistic. Bill was a good artist, and Mycroft knew about science, so they made an excellent team. The Ink Man and the Professor battled many foes, and became famous among the children in Ms. Thomas’ third year class.
After dessert, Mycroft’s dad lit a fire in the fireplace and he and Mummy sat on the couch, watching Mycroft play with Sherlock. The infant seemed to like it when Mycroft threw his stuffed animals into the air and caught them again. He made funny gasping noises while doing it, too, adding to Sherlock’s wide-eyed stare of amusement. He hadn’t laughed or even smiled yet (Mummy said that was normal), but Mycroft thought he could tell when Sherlock was having fun.
Half an hour later, John had finished giving Mrs. Hudson her makeover. He got one of the several mirrors and brought it over to her. "How did I do?"
Once he had claimed his territory, he decided to go for a walk around campus, since the weather was nice enough. He started on his way when a small bull terrier ran at him and bit his ankle. He tried for some time to get the dog off of his ankle when a man came, presumably running after the dog. He looked to be about Sherlock’s age, and he had light hair and blue eyes.
Day two of the Cape Cod case. It was not John’s morning. First, he woke up to Sherlock sprawled across the bed like an octopus. Liar. Second, Sherlock was muttering things in his sleep. About John. There were also other… things. In addition to that, John had also done the things. He didn’t want to do the things, and yet his body did them anyway. This trip was a disaster.
“Yes, I’m sure.” The three finished their dinner, and, as Sherlock expected, he received no more questions about his day.
“You overdosed. One of the other users in the “crack-den”, to put it colloquially, phoned the emergency services, and luckily they arrived promptly. But they nearly couldn’t… you were nearly… well, you’re not now, are you?” For the first time, Sherlock saw behind Mycroft’s tough exterior. He saw a tired, worried brother who had been out of his mind since he heard the news. Sherlock had never realized Mycroft cared so much.
“Perfectly reasonable? I’m kidnapping hermit crabs, it’s only fair that I give them a suitable environment.”
“Keep your balance next time.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. They turned their attention to the two remaining teams, who were now making their way towards each other.
“That’s not fair, you guys didn’t do the one vs. one vs. one!” Moriarty complained. “I want a redo.” Greg and Molly looked at each other, shrugged, and agreed. “And can we switch teams?” he asked. “Mike wasn’t being very fun.” Everyone else reluctantly nodded their heads yes. Sherlock was sulking as Moriarty tried to climb on his back and tried to make it difficult for him to do so but he decided against ticking off the criminal mastermind. Molly went on top of John, and Mycroft and Greg teamed up. After much shoving and splashing and almost-losing-balance-but-catching-it-at-the-last-second, Molly and John won the second round. Sherlock and Jim were, much to Jim’s anger, first down. “I’m never teaming with you again, Sherlock. You’re horrible at this.” Sherlock shrugged.
“It’s not nice, it’s true,” he said, looking down at his salad and shifting it around with his fork.
“It’s when you get on someone’s shoulders and try to knock someone else off of their person’s shoulders,” explained John. “It’s pretty fun.” Sherlock was now eyeing John as one does when the teacher lets you work with whoever you want, but with a bit more attraction involved.
“I thought feelings were stupid by that point. Even though I had them, I wished I didn’t, so I worked really hard to suppress them.” Everybody was quiet for a moment before John spoke up.
“Sherlock, can you hear me? Sherlock?” Sherlock opened his eyes and was immediately blinded by bright lights. A monitor in the corner was beeping steadily, and an IV drip was hooked up to his arm. His head was throbbing. Sitting by his bed, looking uncharacteristically disheveled and tired, was his brother.
“Oh, um, it’s nothing. Nothing,” Sherlock said, still smiling but no longer laughing. Go back to typing up the case. I have work to do. Lots of work.” John left without another word, though he did throw a confused glance over his shoulder as he walked back to the desk. Outside, the rain had finally stopped, though it still hadn’t cleared up.
Mycroft sighed. “I suppose I’ll play if it’ll make you guys happy,” he said. Everyone, including Sherlock, nodded eagerly.
Once the curtains had been laid on the ground, they decided who would walk first. Still giddy with the makeup, John volunteered. He went to the bathroom to change, as that was where their carpet started. He put on a white shirt and a black and white patterned suit, and wore shiny black shoes. After a once-over in the mirror, making sure his hair was neat, he opened the door and stepped on the runway, met with applause from Mrs. Hudson.
Luckily, making Sherlock’s birthday cake provided a much needed distraction. It was a chocolate cake with green frosting, and paper bumblebees sticking up on toothpicks. Mycroft frosted yellow and pink flowers as well. It was a very pretty cake (and tasty, too!). The rest of the day was spent cleaning the house and decorating it with streamers and balloons. Mycroft also helped Mummy wrap Sherlock’s presents.
Friday dawned, and with it, Sherlock’s big day. Mycroft ran into his nursery to wake him up, but instead found the child already awake and bouncing up and down while holding onto the railing of his crib. He seemed to know already that it was a big day, and had a big smile on his face. Mycroft lifted him up, changed and dressed him, and brought him downstairs. Daddy was filming and everyone immediately began to sing Happy Birthday to the toddler, who clapped his hands excitedly at all the attention.
“...Sherlock, why don’t you tell us the answer?” said the teacher suddenly. Sherlock was almost never called on anymore, so this surprised him. He tried to figure out what the question was. On the board was a map of pre-WWI Europe and a list of some of the general causes of the war. He supposed he had to say one of the missing ones.
“I was wondering… if we could maybe try it for real?” John looked up at Sherlock’s face. His icy blue eyes were wide and vulnerable, his mouth was just open. John didn’t know if it was Sherlock, or the music, or the past few days, but without thinking, he closed the gap between them, up on his toes, and kissed him. He kissed Sherlock and forgot all about the awkwardness, because this was what he wanted. He knew that now.
“No it isn’t,” retorted Lestrade. John picked up his phone from where he’d left it on his chair earlier, checked the time, and saw that it was afternoon.
“Bring him over, then,” she approved. Sherlock waved to Victor, who held out his hand for Sally to shake.
Soon, Mrs. Hudson had finished walking, and they were back in front of the television wondering how to spend the rest of the day. The fashion fun had ended too soon, and they were trying to come up with other glam things to do, when there was a knock at the door.
“Sherlock, you did it! Amazing!” cried Mummy, while Daddy looked frantically for the camera. Sherlock looked rather confused as to why he was being cheered, but smiled anyway. Mycroft gave him a hug and a pat on the head.
“Right,” said Sherlock. In all his excitement, he’d forgotten. “Goodbye, Mum. I’ll miss you,” he said. And he would. Life was easier with Mum around. Sherlock had to learn how to do laundry last week, and he did not enjoy it. He was not looking forward to looking after himself, but in all other respects he was eager to become independent.
“Right, then, let’s talk about this,” she said, waving at Sherlock and Dad. “Myron, why are you unhappy that Sherlock’s gay?” Dad shifted in his seat and looked at his feet.
“Sally! Um, you didn’t happen to hear that, did you?” asked Victor nervously, elbowing Sherlock in the ribs, much to the latter’s outrage. Sally sighed.
When they got home, Mummy and Daddy put up the tree. Mycroft watered it and Sherlock played with one of the lowest branches. A few days later, when the branches had fallen enough to be decorated, they strung lights around it and put up the ornaments. Mycroft was very proud to put up one he’d made in school, a ceramic snowflake. Sherlock was captivated by all the shiny decorations, but for the safety of said ornaments, he was kept on the sofa with some non-fragile toys to play with.
“Of course. He can’t wrap his mind around the fact that I’m gay. He doesn’t understand how I could be so broken,” he said, tears drying. The wave of anger faded, however, and he composed himself. “I don’t care,” he said. “It doesn’t matter. Any of it,” he said. Mum stood silent and her eyes were sad.
“Well, you know how it is. I’ve been very busy with the internship,” he said. He hoped she’d be distracted by his successes. It worked, and her smile returned.
“I’d prefer a one vs. one vs. one!” said Moriarty enthusiastically. “I want to topple ALL of you! Let’s get ready to rrrrumble!”
“Wait!” John called. “I need a picture!” He got up and ran after the detective. There was a click of the camera, and the door shut. John came back into the sitting room. “Mrs. H, do you want a picture, too?”
“Nothing. Good night.” John left and went upstairs to his room. Sherlock remained in his chair for the better part of the night, past even when Mrs. Hudson came home.
John didn’t know what to make of it. Should he go to those streets? Maybe it was an anagram. No, probably not. Maybe it was another kind of puzzle? John tried listing the names again, in order this time.
“Tell us her name,” Mum implored. Sherlock rolled his eyes to distract from the insane flipping in his stomach. He didn’t want this crush. He didn’t want to feel this way. And he certainly did not want to feel it towards a guy. As if he weren’t bullied enough already at school. As if he weren’t strange enough. And even though he acted like he didn’t care, even though he built up so many walls and repressed so many emotions to avoid facing reality, it hurt. It all hurt so much. But there was no use in putting it off any longer. Best to tell them now. At least then he wouldn’t be keeping a secret.
“Am not!” insisted Sherlock. His face was turning red. Just as Sherlock was about to explode, however, John turned up with lunch for him and Sherlock.
John was having a hard time sleeping while worrying about Sherlock’s whereabouts and activities. He had spent the third night lying awake in his bed all night. The fourth night looked to be the same, so he decided to go downstairs and spend it typing up a case. At least then he’d be productive. He was making his way through the dark (not wanting to shock his eyes with light just yet), and he had almost reached the desk when a rock-solid object collided with his toe. Words spewed from his mouth that I won’t repeat here.
“Well, we were going to, but we just never got around to it, and we figured it wasn’t a big deal; he wasn’t your dog. Sorry, sweetheart,” said Mum quietly.
“I don’t know,” lied Sherlock. “Goodbye, Dad.” He turned and walked out of the room, not stopping until he had got into the car. He did not look back once.
“I won’t hear another word of it. Why don’t you bring your bags to your room?” she dismissed. She noticed Sherlock standing idly in the doorway. “Sherlock, help your brother with his bags.” He rolled his eyes again and picked up the smallest one while Mycroft attempted to carry all the rest. He followed Mycroft to his old room.
“Because you’re just playing with them.” Sherlock shot Lestrade a death glare and the DI quickly shut up. Sherlock looked up at the empty chairs.
“Well, I should get going,” he said. “Thanks for the good time.” He had almost reached the door when he stopped and realized he still had on the makeup. “I guess I should wash this off, then.” He headed for the bathroom.
“I told you already,” said Mycroft. “I’ve got one on underneath, just in case. I don’t need to be wearing it all the time.”
It was low tide, and there were murky puddles of water everywhere as John and Sherlock made their way down the beach to the water. Sherlock was carrying a medium-sized bucket. When they were near the shore, he lowered himself to the ground and started scooping the wet sand into it so that it lined the bottom. He then started filling it with water. He stood back up and the boys waded into the chilly surf. John jumped and pulled back his feet from the cold water at first but soon got used to it. Every now and then, Sherlock would bend down and pick something up and put it in his bucket. John was a few feet ahead of Sherlock when he realized the detective wasn’t right next to him.
“Bye, Mikey!” he yelled over his shoulder. Mycroft took a deep breath and got back in the car to go to his school. He hoped Sherlock would have a good day.
“Maybe he got tired. I’m really busy right now, so if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to hang up.” Click. Sherlock put the phone back on the hook aggressively and stomped over to the table. Too young.
“So I’m suitable, then, am I?” asked John, a crooked grin on his face. They were heading home from Musgrave Hall, Rosie asleep in the back seat of the gray Audi. Sherlock smiled lazily back at him.
After he graduated, Sherlock moved to London. He needed to get away from Surrey and Cambridge; he needed something new. He tried to get a job. He tried to tolerate the dull colleagues and the insufferable politeness and camaraderie of the office, but the job was so dull that it wasn’t worth it. He stopped showing up, and was soon fired. He didn’t care. The job was stupid anyway. But being fired also meant no more paycheck. Unable to afford his flat any longer, Sherlock was forced to the streets. He lived in back alleys and under the shelter of bridges.
“Knowing you, it’s hardly a coincidence. What are you doing here? Got any murders lined up?” Sherlock responded coldly, pushing off his hand and taking a step back.
“His name is Ian something,” he said, turning on his heels. He hurried up to his room before his parents could say anything. He closed and locked his door and sat down on the bed. He tried to take deep breaths, but his breathing quickened and his heart beat fast. He put his head in his hands and laid down on the bed, facing the wall with his back to the door. As expected, there was a knock.
“I think we’re the best team,” said Molly quietly. The two other teams looked at them for a second and went back to arguing with each other.
Mrs. Hudson started with trimming and filing John's nails, but received some protesting from him when she went to pick a color to paint them.
“Thank you,” said John. “It’s great to meet you, too.” He could’ve sworn he heard Sherlock mutter “dull”, but he chose to ignore it.
After what seemed like ages (but was really just an hour), the boys finally arrived at the beach. They parked the car and got their bags, searching for signs of the other three, but none could be found.
“Sherlock! We’ve missed you so much!” she said, hurrying to wrap him in a hug. Sherlock squirmed in discomfort and quickly pulled away, earning a sigh from Mum. Dad was standing nervously some distance behind Mum, as if he weren’t sure what to do.
“You got it.” He walked over to a young woman in a sleek dress enjoying a pint. “Hello,” he said to her. “What’s your name?”
“Well, let’s see, I’m still being bullied, Dad hates me for being gay, I hate me for showing emotions, and now you’re here. How do you think I’m doing?”
“I was asking how militarism was aided by the Industrial Revolution, Sherlock,” said the teacher in an irritated voice.
The flat on Montague Street was small and had an unreliable heating system, but it was worlds better than the crack den. He was excited to be able to use his chemistry set again, and was eager to make the place his own. He hung his awards and degree on the wall, and devoted a whole corner of a room to his violin. He didn’t get to stay very long, however, before he went to rehab. He met lots of interesting people there, and lots of boring therapists and doctors.
Despite Grandmother and Grandfather’s attempts to ruin Christmas with limits on sweets and dull stories about how children these days were too coddled, Mycroft managed to have an excellent holidays. Everybody was impressed with how Sherlock could almost walk, though Grandfather was a tad disappointed he still needed to hold onto things. Everybody helped try to get Sherlock to say his first words, too, but their efforts were in vain.
“Shocker.” Sherlock came into the kitchen, apparently looking for something. Opening a drawer, he found it, and dashed down the stairs without a word to John. “Where are you going?” he asked.
“Hello. My name is Sherlock Holmes. I have a question about the Carl Powers case,” said Sherlock, using his best grown-up voice. It wasn’t hard; he was very mature anyway.
“Mycroft?” Sherlock’s voice was raspy and broken. Mycroft’s tense features relaxed into a relieved smile.
John, I want you to know that I am perfectly alright. I am sound in mind and body, and everything is fine. However, I still won’t be home for a little while. In the meantime, there’s a case I want you to work on. This was submitted to me two days ago. It is, of course, trivial to me, but I can’t spare the time to pursue it at the moment, and I thought it might be fun for you.
“I s’pose I’ll try it,” he said, thankful for the distraction. He left Mycroft to work on his (dull) traffic idea. A few minutes later, harsh, off-key plucking came from the direction of Sherlock’s room. Mycroft sighed. Hopefully Sherlock would get better at it.
“I’ll see you later, Victor. But not you,” she said, turning to Sherlock. “Freak.” Sherlock shrugged off the comment and went back to his residence. Parties were dull anyway.
“I might actually take you up on that, Sherlock,” he said. “Don’t get on my bad side, or I’ll exile you.”
Christmas dinner, apart from the constant manners-minding and portion-control from Grandmother and Grandfather, was quite enjoyable. Daddy had made roast beef and potatoes with various vegetables and other sides. Mycroft thought the rolls in particular were scrumptious. Sherlock had to have everything cut up into tiny pieces for him to eat, but he seemed to enjoy the food. Both boys went to bed that night feeling very full, and very happy.
“Nobody needs boring,” said Sherlock in a low voice. Everyone turned to look at him. “Oh, was that out loud? Doesn’t matter; it’s true. Boring is boring. Mrs. Hudson, if you want excitement, then you should get excitement.” Everyone looked surprised, to say the least.
“What a coincidence we’re both here, right, Sherlock?” He asked, patting him on the shoulder as if they were friends.
At six, all the guests went home, and the Holmes family spent the evening playing with Sherlock, reading the new book to him, and trying to get him to say more words. Unfortunately, bumblebee was the only word he’d say for a while. The rest of January passed with little mention, except for the last week. Sherlock finally expanded his vocabulary, learning “Mikey”, “Mama”, “Dada”, “no”, and “why” in quick succession and in that order, though the frequency of the words left something to be desired.
“Sorry.” John tried to push him again but Jim succeeded first. The Baker Street boys crashed backwards into the water, splashing Jim and Mycroft, much to the latter’s disdain. John forgot to let go of Sherlock, however, until the detective started making strangled noises underwater. At last, he was allowed to come up for air.
“I’ll talk to him,” he conceded, getting up from his chair. Sherlock hurried away quietly before he could be caught eavesdropping and went upstairs to his lab. He had busied himself with some samples and a bunsen burner when there was the expected knock on the door.
“We’re moving,” he said glumly. All of the air disappeared from Mycroft’s lungs and he could barely get his next words out.
“I’m looking at the smoke produced by overexposing these substances to heat,” he said smoothly. And that was true. He would be observing the smoke.
In the winter came Christmas and Sherlock’s second birthday. He was much more vocal now about what he wanted, and he got very upset if he didn’t get it. Mycroft found this to be exhausting and preferred to let Mummy and Father handle it. Mycroft used the tantrum time to further advance his studies. The spring and summer passed in a similar fashion. Sherlock was getting very good at singing the alphabet and could recognize some letters written out, though inconsistently. In the fall, Mycroft turned ten, and Sherlock celebrated Halloween as a pirate. Mycroft went trick-or-treating with him, but didn’t dress up himself.
"You can go first," John said after a pause. "What do I do?" Mrs. Hudson gave him a brief lesson on applying makeup, making him decorate the back of her hand and the inside of her wrist. "Okay, what colors do you want?" he asked. Mrs. Hudson had finally deemed him skilled enough to apply it to her face.
“Oh, alright,” Mycroft conceded. He removed the suit, revealing an early-nineteenth-century-esque striped one piece. John smirked. Mrs. Hudson looked away but was presumably doing the same. Molly struggled to contain a smile and began to blush. Greg burst into uncontrollable laughter. “There’s no need to stare.”
“I just stopped. Many people probably think there’s something wrong with me, but does that bother me?”
“Does it bother you?” asked the detective, tilting his head slightly. John felt his cheeks turning red again.
“He looked nice enough so I went up to him and we chatted, but he just seemed so boring,” she sighed. “After Frank, though, everyone does.”
The months passed and by May, Sherlock was walking around much more, and he was also much better at it. He was talking more and more, though he still didn’t know too many words. Mycroft had finished fourth year, and he and Billy had created over 100 issues of their comic. In July, he went over to his friend’s house for his birthday party. It was lots of fun, but the whole day, Billy was acting a little strange, almost as if he weren’t entirely happy.
“Dad doesn’t hate you,” Mum said. “He just needs a chance to learn.” Sherlock didn’t respond, and went back to picking at his food.
“Being gay is a part of me. It’s not all of me. But if you can’t accept that part of me,” he said. “I don’t want you,” he finished coldly. He turned and walked away, suppressing the urge to scream. He was never good enough for anybody. Or maybe they weren't good enough for him.
“What’s Griswold laughing ab-” someone began before emitting a low chuckle. John turned around and Sherlock was standing above him.
John spent the rest of the evening eating and hanging out with his previously unaccounted-for friends. Everybody’s costumes were great. Mycroft, at the request of his brother, was wearing regal robes and a powdered wig. John and Sherlock kneeled before him every time they ran into each other, and every time they burst into giggles. Mycroft did not find this funny, but still struggled to repress a smile.
“You should run for prime minister,” said Sherlock. “Because you’re good at bossing people around, and you’ve got lots of ideas on how to run the country.”
“You can get whatever you want. I’ll even let you get more than one flavor if you want. We just can’t tell Mummy. She’ll think we’ve spoiled our dinner.” The Holmes brothers laughed, and for the first time in a while, Sherlock felt happy - and was willing to let himself feel it. He ended up with a vanilla-chocolate twist with rainbow sprinkles and pecans, though he was eager to return so he could get all the flavors. Mycroft decided on coffee and chocolate.
“Sherlock? What’s so funny? I heard you laughing and-” John stopped dead in his tracks. Sherlock was sitting on his bed, camera in hand, looking at the photos. Mrs. Hudson must have left it on the papers that he had grabbed and, being completely unaware of things at times, had picked it up with the papers. As he usually did when left alone with an electronic device, he had turned it on and started to look at its contents.
“It’s my dad. He’s in hospital. He fainted and they're trying to wake him up. I was wondering if you could come with me to the hospital,” he said. His eyes were shiny and he looked so upset that Sherlock couldn’t turn him down, no matter how tired he was.
“I was not ‘being mean’, I was just teasing.” John gave a look to Lestrade that said ‘yes, I know, but Sherlock’s upset’. Lestrade nodded like a scolded child.
“Right.” They drove for a while in unusual silence. Then Victor had a question. It was nagging at the back of his head for a while, and whether it was the emotions from his father, or the silence, or something else entirely, he decided he had to ask.
“I doubt they’d listen to you. You’re only six.” Sherlock glared at him. “But who am I to stop you?” Sherlock got up and went to the phone. He dialed the number for the London police station and waited until someone picked up.
Sorry, John. They’ve got me. I can’t tell you much more than that, but maybe Mycroft will be able to help. Greg.
“Bye, everyone!” said Moriarty. “Parting is such sweet… what was it? Nevermind. Parting isn’t sweet anyway. Wait up, Sebastian!” Everyone was tired and ready to leave. And they did.
“Victor,” said the man, offering his hand. A look of confusion briefly crossed Sherlock’s face before he put out his own.
“Good afternoon, Dr. Watson,” he said, leaning on his umbrella. “What could possibly compel you to avoid a phone call and opt for such a clandestine meeting as this?”
“If you ever do anything like this again - you better not, but if you do - , make me a list. A list of everything you take and how much.”
They took a break from planning on Saturday, New Year’s Eve, and Mummy and Daddy went to a party at Uncle Rudy’s house. Mycroft and Sherlock were sent to Billy’s for the evening, and Mycroft was very excited to have a sleepover. He and Billy made their comics while Sherlock played with some toys, and then when Sherlock went to bed, they had a Superman movie marathon, with popcorn and everything. They stayed up until one in the morning having fun and talking about the details of the movies. In the morning, the two Holmes boys went home, Mycroft rather reluctantly.
“It means a certain rugby player wasn’t where he said he was and I need to go alert the authorities.” Sherlock rushed off without another word, leaving Victor confused and with the task of cleaning up after Sherlock. Thankfully, Victor soon improved at assisting Sherlock, and made things easier on him, rather than more difficult.
After Sherlock got back from his extremely dull three-month rehabilitation, he quickly garnered a reputation among the NSY team as the genius detective. They began to consult him on almost every case, much to the distaste of Sgt. Donovan, who was still resentful of Sherlock from that party back at Cambridge. Sherlock, however, refused to have his name down as the one who solved it, and preferred to let Lestrade take the credit. Lestrade quickly rose through the ranks and was promoted to Detective Inspector.
“Sherlock, what have you done?” Mycroft gasped. There were burn marks on the carpet, as well as some mysterious stains. The room stank of chemicals and half of it was filled with a table covered in scientific instruments. What little room there was left was occupied by Mycroft’s bed and the small side table and dresser. Sherlock had really taken over since Mycroft had left. Sherlock smirked at his brother and threw the bag he was toting into the corner. He flopped onto the bed, now made up for Mycroft’s arrival, and kicked his legs. Mycroft sighed and held a hand to his temple. It was going to be a long couple of weeks. He unpacked his bags and put away his clothes, stashing the suitcases in the closet.
Not having Mycroft around was fun for about a week. The lack of another child to attend to made Mum and Dad smother him, and all the attention was exhausting. Not to mention, he kept being asked what he did at school and what he’d learned and all that. Not that they hadn’t asked him that before, but usually he could just say “fine” and they’d move on to Mycroft, who had a more interesting academic life. Alas, Mycroft was gone, and now Sherlock was the focus of the dinner table conversation.
“I was thinking, Sherlock, would you like to name one?” asked Mr. Billings. Sherlock nodded his head eagerly. Mr. Billings went over and picked up the runt of the litter. None of the puppies had opened their eyes, as that wouldn’t happen for another two weeks. “What do you think of this one?” he asked Sherlock.
“At any rate, we know now, and we’re happy,” said Mr. Holmes, assisting John in defusing the situation. Sherlock’s face was now propped up by both of his hands, and he was sulking.
“John.” Sherlock sat down on his chair, leaning forward excitedly. Despite the fact that he’d only just woken up, there was no trace of tiredness on his face. John looked up from the morning paper, still a bit groggy.
“Well, we should probably go pick out a good spot while we wait for the others,” suggested Lestrade. “I mean, there’s not much use standing around here.”
“No, no! Why does everyone think that? Why does nobody understand that I am doing real, actual science?”
Well, we've reached the last chapter, folks. This is my longest fic yet, and I'm proud of how it turned out. A lot of love and consideration went into it, especially the later chapters. This wasn't originally going to be so long and it was originally just going to be Sherlock as a little kid, not his whole backstory. I hope you guys enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.
“Should we do Italian or Chinese, or maybe curry?” Sherlock made no reply. “Sherlock, what do you want for dinner?” The violin came to halt.
"Why would I... um... I guess... that deep blue one. Yeah, the shimmery one," he said, blushing. Mrs. Hudson set the bottle down on the desk and uncapped it. One by one, she did the first coat, doing his left hand and then his right hand. She put the cap back on while the first coat dried. While they were waiting, she started on his face. She grabbed some foundation and began to match the appropriate shade. She found the match for his skin type, and then went back to his hands to do the second coat of polish. Next, she scrubbed his face raw and applied the foundation. Then she reached for the eyeliner. He tried not to blink as she applied it, and he nearly gave in, but he managed to keep his eyes open. Mrs. Hudson then reached for the eye shadow.
“Your dad had no right to say those things about you and your brother,” she said. Sherlock could tell she was angry with Dad. He shrugged and continued pushing his fork around the plate. “I mean that. And we’re going to have a proper talk about it tonight. As a family,” she said. Just as Sherlock was about to protest, he remembered Mycroft was coming home today. Great. Today just kept getting better.
“Fine, I’ll do that.” He went upstairs and came back downstairs in less than twenty minutes, having completed the math and the reading. Sherlock was down for a nap, and so this was what Mycroft considered the most boring part of the day. He could sneak into the nursery and wake him up, or…
“Mrs. Hudson!” he yelled. “Mrs. Hudson, come here!” She came upstairs as fast as she could, concerned by the edge in John’s voice.
"No, no way. I'm not wearing makeup," John laughed. "Not a chance." Mrs. Hudson looked sad and turned back to the screen.
“I’ll get back to you, Dr. Watson. Go back to Baker Street. I’ll be in touch.” And so John got back in the car, and soon found himself back home. He went to his computer and decided, since all he could do was wait, he might as well type up one of the finished cases. But Mycroft didn’t call for the rest of that day, or the next. Normally, John would brush it off, but with everything going on recently, he panicked. He called Molly, but she wasn’t picking up. He tried everyone he could think of, even Mike Stamford, but nobody was picking up.
John kissed up the curve of his jaw until he could whisper in his ear.  “Come on, love, let’s get you out of this ridiculous outfit.”
John kissed him harder and slowly let his hands, which had come up to rest against Sherlock’s shoulder blades, drift down his back. He had to stretch juuust a bit to reach without breaking the kiss, but...there.  He had been right; the curve of those cheeks fit just
“The scammer is the one with the purple top and green tights.” Sherlock murmured.  “I’ll try to steer him this way, so be ready.”
“Yeah, I remember all the news about that, Sherlock Holmes, the detective. Come on guys, surely you remember all that a few years back?”
A week later, John, Sherlock, Lestrade, and two of Lestrade’s sergeants, Owen and Carl, were crammed into a booth at the pub.  Sherlock still didn’t join in “that pedestrian pastime of the masses who insist on using alcohol to depress even further the meagre brain function they possess” very often, but he did give in occasionally these days.  He said it was to observe the behavioural patterns of the inebriated, but really was more to do with the big-sad-puppy-eyes expression that John was quite masterful at.
“FU…” John clamped his mouth shut before the word made it completely out and gave a rather strained nod and wave to the elderly lady, who had glanced up at him.
, (so much pain, over so many years, from being separated from each other, how could he ever leave the one person he truly trusted, who had sacrificed for him over and over, who brought colour and purpose to his life--he’d finally allowed love to overpower all of his self-doubt and insistence on heterosexuality) lover, John had learned to distinguish the frequent and various howls and screeches and shouts of Sherlock Holmes.
Violet was getting a bit twitchy as Charles expounded on fruit tree varieties best suited for the local climate.  Like most introverts, she could enjoy social events for a certain amount of time, but eventually her batteries would drain without something more involving than small talk to keep her interest.  And Siger had learned to read her social-battery-level at a glance after all these years.  Time to leave before the boredom set in.
“Never, John. And while you always insist you aren’t gay, I can give you seven signs I’ve seen that you can be attracted to men in general, and me in specific.  First, I…”
“So, so worth it, love.”  John gave him a kiss and then buried his face in the long, pale neck he so loved to touch.
abducted, he did him no good by calling the police in.  They’ve tromped around and contaminated any evidence there might have been on the ground.”
“Could have been an Oliver Cromwell, for all I care.  But I would have looked at it admiringly if I could have escaped being drooled at!”
Sherlock stuck out his lower lip in a pout that he hadn’t seen it.  “I need to do further research on what items attract the attention of a variety of local bird species.  It’s possible that crucial evidence could be carried away, and if I checked nearby nests…”
“Yes, yes...I solved that last week.  You’ll get your mole; he’s been on vacation in Majorca but will return on Saturday afternoon. I’ve already deduced his likely movements after that and Sunday night will be the optimum opportunity to corner him with the evidence on him. Just make sure your people are ready to collect him; I don’t have time to babysit him while you wake people up.”
He wasn’t embarrassed to have Sherlock; no, he had never been happier and Sherlock was the best thing that could have happened to him.  He would keep his head held high and wouldn’t hide it from anyone.  He had nothing to fear from them (and if they didn’t like it, well, this was the first time seeing many of them in years; it would be no hardship if they weren’t part of his life in the future).
After Teddy had sent several photos of himself and the supposedly abducted fiancé to Sherlock’s phone, he was abandoned on the doorstep as Sherlock crowded John into a taxi.  He wandered slowly down the street, dialling his phone to continue checking in with friends, or at least until the taxi turned the corner.
Now, John made his way upstairs to Mike’s office, carrying the ridiculous bouquet of flowers.  Well, there was one way to attract attention.  John found himself cooed at on the elevator, and most of the women he met gave him aren’t-you-a-good-boyfriend smiles, though several men gave more of a what-did-you-
I had a time getting this many emails, and I know I’m missing some people so forward this to anyone whose info you have!   And let me know if you can come out to play! ;)
keep a secret.  Just let me know when he says yes and I’ll bake one of those chocolate cakes he likes so much and bring it up to celebrate!”
Fortunately, Siger thought to himself as they resettled in the sitting room with coffee, getting older did have a few benefits; no one expected them to stay out late.  He and Violet weren’t really that type of “old people,” as they had gotten into the habit of staying up till midnight, at least in the summer when it stayed light so late.  He supposed that for Violet going to bed at midnight really was the equivalent of their neighbors going to bed at eight; she had always been a night owl and had done much of her best work at two in the morning.  It had made keeping Sherlock in bed as a child even more challenging: “But Mummy isn’t sleeping!  I have work to do! My experiment needs…”  And it got even worse after he turned five.  Bedtime was like that game they used to have at the arcade when he was a teenager.  Something about rodents, what was it?  Slower recall time, one of the less convenient aspects of aging.  Ah, whack-a-mole, that was it.  He rather thought that if blogging had been a thing back then, he might have preempted John in writing about Sherlock.  Just the creative excuses for why that child was yet again downstairs after bedtime would have given him plenty of material.  Mycroft hadn’t been much of a sleeper, either, but he would at least stay in bed and read a book.
The walk around the corner from the bus stop to 221b netted him a wet, dirty knee from slipping in the slush and then…and THEN, the snow had abruptly changed over to a mix of freezing rain and sleet.  He couldn’t run for it without sliding and falling again, so he had to slog along with the rain dripping from his ears and soaking right through his coat sleeves.
, if I were you.  Vain git, he’d never wear anything that would make him look bad in the photos.  And I
John and Teddy had been emailing back and forth for a week, planning out what Teddy would need to know to play the part of a distressed boyfriend appealing for Sherlock’s help in locating his missing lover, and now they worked out the final touches.
After buying the rings, it took John three weeks, a pub night with Mike Stamford and several good shags to think up a scenario that sounded plausible enough that Sherlock would bother getting off the couch for it, but not so interesting that he’d be disappointed when it turned out to be made up.
Mike had already scheduled office hours on Saturday afternoon, so he agreed to keep the flowers and a few other items John had brought along and set them out in the lab before he left.
“And then he started writing about Sherlock’s cases on the computer...what do they call that, again, dear?” Siger said.
of ASBOs.  There was one not long after I met Sherlock; we were interviewing a graffiti artist informant and I had my back turned and didn’t see the officer coming up, and Sherlock and the kid, damn them, rabbited off and left me holding the bag of spray paint.  And that was early days, before I was known to everybody at the Yard…”
“Wait, wait...I just made the connection.  I knew the name Sherlock sounded familiar--such a distinctive name.  I remember reading about him in the papers a few years back.  I had thought he had died, but then there were reports of him being alive after all…” Charles looked more interested in the conversation now.
John smiled and rolled his eyes.  What’s one more thing, on top of all the insanity he’d already told them?  “So, when I referred to Sherlock as my partner earlier, I meant it both in the Starsky-and-Hutch way, but also...partners as in, we’re together.  He’s my boyfriend...god, that sounds a bit juvenile.”
John attempted to look as moved as possible by the story and looked over at Sherlock with just a hint of the puppy-dog eyes.  Sherlock looked back and forth between them.
An impressive blister was already rising on the proffered finger, and John drug Sherlock over to stick in under cool water from the tap as a better alternative to saliva.  Sherlock sighed in relief, and then turned his attention to his non-hopping foot.
Jimmy grinned.  “Oh, god, you’re going to turn up at Christmas dinner, aren’t you. Fine, fine, here, write it down quick before this cabbie kicks me out.”
was the one with the broken arm and concussion; I was just bruised.  Do you really think I’d put Sherlock in danger by not admitting I was at less than full capacity if I wasn’t?
As it turned out, John probably could have walked back into the morgue wearing a tutu and doing the Macarena without being noticed.
“No, no, I’m going the opposite direction,” Kevin huffed out.  He’d been running to catch Jimmy.  “I didn’t get your sister’s number.  I was serious about that.”
“I suppose the Fitzgeralds are rather ordinary.  But I think they were quite impressed with our boys.”  Siger smiled.  Their boys, who had so much of their mother in them.  Violet had had to make a concerted effort to curtail how often she used the word “dull” once Sherlock had started talking.  The damage was already done, though.  Siger could still hear the petulant voice of his tiny son declaring porridge, shoe shopping, green beans, hair brushing, staying in bed until after 5:30 am, visiting Great Aunt Millicent, wearing weather-appropriate clothing, and the biscuits without chocolate bits, “Dull!  Dull, dull, dull!”  He supposed he was becoming maudlin in his old age, as he thought of old memories fondly (well, fondly now thirty-something years later; it hadn’t seemed quite so adorable at the time.)
There was lots of shouting and drama as John and Susan, another of the nurses, removed spines from the thrashing child and checked for signs of poisoning, as the frazzled father wrung his hands and worried that the kid
This is my first time writing any smut whatsoever, so this is a bit of a new experience for me, even if the smut is very brief.  I may come back and write an even smuttier epilogue to this if anyone's interested, but it probably won't be until I finish my current WIP.
“I’m not too boring for you?”  John had recovered from his shock enough to quirk his mouth into a half smile.
John was trying to remember all the questions he had yet to answer when Paul stepped in. “Oi!  Let the man breathe!  But yeah, man, I mean, what?  Sounds like you’ve done something more interesting than coach youth football. Start at the beginning, and catch us up, yeah?”
“Exes. They’re the worst.  You’re divorced, too, aren’t you, Dr Watson?”  Owen was new to the division; John had only met him a few times and had never really spoken to him.
“Okay, okay. I’m getting it together.”  She fanned her face.  The tears stopped, but the overly enthusiastic grin did not.  “So, what do you need me to do? Suss it out?”
“...John?”  Sherlock called down from the sitting room. “Mrs Hudson won’t be happy if you let all the cold air in.”
“Well, we just raised two of them, but yes, “a handful” is one way to put it.  The other two are our sons-in-law.”
John gave his ridiculous flatmate an affectionate but long-suffering smile and a quick kiss on the nose before obediently kneeling, carefully avoiding the puddle of steamy water, and pulled Sherlock’s foot onto his lap. After a quick examination he announced, “Nope, nothing broken.  But you are going to have a massive bruise for a few days.  I don’t suppose you own any flip-flops?”  He chuckled to himself at the look of derision this earned him.
“What?  Really?  How could you possibly...there must be a hundred Italian places in London; surely Angelo’s…”
“And you managed to escape for part of the time by going to the garage with Philip to drool over whatever-that-old-car was.”
He had politely stepped aside to give more space to a lady helping her elderly mother into a car.  His right foot had sunk through a thin layer of camouflaging snow into a rather deep puddle of icy water, which immediately soaked right through the toe of his shoe, leaving him with an uncomfortably wet sock.
Quick glance.  Sherlock was still looking out of the window, probably cataloguing the case in his mind palace.  John looked down while scratching his ear as an excuse to move his head.
John took pictures of the scattered objects and peered into the skip to see the carrier bags with odd bits of medical tubing and syringe bits that John had procured from the clinic.
“Yeah...didn’t help, either, that it happened to be one of the many officers Sherlock has insulted at a crime scene at some point.  He was entirely too gleeful about arresting us, and refused to believe anything we said about Sherlock just picking up the cuff link that fell off.  Oh, well, not my first ASBO, probably won’t be the last.  At least Sherlock’s meddlesome brother has his uses in bailing us out of the cells and dealing with ASBOs.”
Sherlock had been quiet throughout the conversation, but John noticed that his hand had stopped moving.
“That’s very sweet.”  Laurina seemed to think some reply was necessary at this juncture.  “More parsnips?”
“We’ve arrived, John.”  Sherlock quirked an eyebrow but didn’t mention the staring. Well, at least he wasn’t insisting on making a scene right here in the cab.
Sherlock had made that comment about being married to his work, though, and hadn’t dated anyone since John had known him.  John didn’t see the point in changing the habits of a lifetime if Sherlock wasn’t interested.  He tried his best to hide his attraction; how awkward would it be for Sherlock to realize that his flatmate was lusting after him?  But, oh, days like this made it hard.  He couldn’t help but daydream sometimes about what it would be like if his brilliant best friend was also his lover.
“Nooo...but, of course, I was in the back checking on Gianluca several times...my nephew, he tries hard, but I have to watch or he’ll put too much rum in the tiramisu, and not enough basil on the gnocchi...I had hoped he would have The Gift, but I fear…”
Only three benches down from the one where his life changed forever when Mike Stamford said, “You’re the second person to say that to me today.”
Sherlock was looking at his hands in surprise at where they’d gotten off to without his input, but seemed content to leave them there.
Thanks so much for reading!  This story came together faster than anything I've ever written; I am normally a rather slow writer so I was surprised when this grew to over 12k words in about five days of writing.  Feel free to let me know if you see any typos or anything that I missed; no matter how carefully I check, there's always something.
But despite being confident in his choices in life, there was still that little niggle of doubt.  It’s only human to want to impress mates, to be respected and appreciated.  He wanted them to think of him as successful, even if their opinion of his life didn’t really matter in the grand scheme of things.  How would they react to his job, his blogging, his choice of partner? Would they understand how brilliant it really was?
John looked up into his eyes, and without breaking eye contact, lowered himself down on one knee.  Sherlock gave a little choked noise.
an MI6 if you can’t trust the damn spies?  But I think this one’s gonna even the score for taking care of the ASBOs last month.”
“Oh, was it Armani?  You know I don’t keep up with…why are we talking about fashion when I could be drinking?
“John.  Your jacket,”  Sherlock tossed it across the room as he plucked his own off the hook.  Only John’s quick reflexes saved him from being hit in the face.
“And all of your arguments are moot.  As I already plainly informed you, I won’t go by myself, and John’s busy. So no.”
worn anything green, had only deduced cousins that Molly didn’t like very much anyhow, had kept his phone behind the centrepiece while checking his email during the speeches and had so enjoyed dancing with John that he had not begged to leave early.  He had even looked just slightly wistful watching Molly and Desmond’s first dance together; John hoped it meant he was wishing for such a moment for himself, and not just that he was impatient to start dancing himself.  John was still nervous but was confident enough that Sherlock would appreciate the gesture of proposing that he decided to move ahead.
“This bloke ‘ere, is it?”  John showed him the photographs that the “client” would provide of the victim.
Siger cut in again. “Really...I think that was almost the worst part of it all.  John couldn’t know; he was being watched closely and it was absolutely necessary that his grief be seen to be real.  And I don’t know if you’ve ever had anyone close to you who committed suicide, like John believed Sherlock had--he later told us about how his grief was compounded by guilt--what if he’d said the right thing or been a better friend, and so on.  If I ever had difficulty in appearing as though I was grieving a son when acquaintances would ask, I thought of Sherlock’s friends who truly believed him dead.  As bad as it was, at least we knew…”
“Oh yeah, um, my partner’s a detective, and we usually work with New Scotland Yard or take private cases, but occasionally we’ll do something for his brother, who pretty much
John debated all the way down the hall to the breakroom.  Involving other people was a good way to get found out; he’d already taken a huge risk with Mrs Hudson.  But...Molly, as a soon-to-be-bride, might be able to get information he could not…
Fortunately, John had another few seconds to think in a safe cocoon of wool as he pulled on the new jumper.
.  I’m not that daft.”  Silly boy; could it be any more obvious?  “Don’t worry!  I’m not going to tell him.  I wouldn’t spoil your surprise!”
“What do you mean?” It was probably obvious, but John hadn’t quite recovered his full mental faculties just yet.
And yet, he’d spent half of those seven years thinking that his best friend was dead, or staying with his replacement when he was too afraid to trust again.  John shook his head.  He’d brooded on his pain enough in those years; now, he was going to propose and be happy.
yes.  Sherlooock…”  John’s epiphany faded into the background as the entirety of his mental process turned to swearing and chanting Sherlock’s name and assorted gibberish.  Who could form sentences when they had something so nice and hard battering at their prostate?
“Bumbabee!” he cried. Everybody turned to each other. Sherlock didn’t talk two weeks ago. Mummy and Daddy looked incredibly surprised, but also amazed, as due to a massive stroke of luck, Daddy had been filming the cake and so caught the moment on camera. Mycroft was surprised too, but immediately burst into a grin as he realized his work had paid off. He had helped Sherlock learn the word. He ran over to give Sherlock a hug. “Bumbabee!” he squealed again.
“Good night, sweetheart,” she said, closing the door. As he tried to fall asleep, he heard his dad downstairs, loudly complaining about his gay son.
“Hey, Sherlock, I don’t know if you’re hungry but I brought you some lunch.” He looked at angry Sherlock with the crab in his hands and sheepish Lestrade, filled in the blanks, and smiled. The smile disappeared the minute Sherlock turned to face him, however. “Sherlock, what’s happened?”
“That’s what couples do.” John nodded silently and took out the sunscreen as Sherlock lay on his belly, face buried in his arms. He looked the picture of relaxation, but John knew he was probably mulling over the case. John placed his lotion-covered hands on Sherlock’s back and began rubbing awkwardly. Then Sherlock started to hum. At first, John was mortified at rubbing lotion on Sherlock’s back, but after a while it felt… nice. John was surprised he was thinking that, but somehow he didn’t care.
“Because your dad needs to understand he’s wrong and make steps to amend that. And it would be best if we were all on the same page.” Sherlock sighed.
“Oh, hi, Molly,” said Lestrade. “How are you?” the two began chatting while John grew increasingly annoyed that Sherlock wasn’t ready yet. He got up and went to his bedroom door. He knocked.
“He’s a baby, he doesn’t really understand it. He will when he’s older, though,” she added upon seeing Mycroft look a tad dejected. He smiled a little.
“Yes, Sergeant, I was wondering if I might see what he took. Since I’m his brother,” Mycroft said. Lestrade nodded.
When John and Lestrade arrived at the lot, they were surprised to find what they were looking for almost immediately. Well. Not really. They found another clue, though. Taped to the gate was a paper that on first glance wouldn’t arouse suspicion, but upon closer glance would pique anyone’s interest. It read as follows:
“Got you the first time, though.” John burst into another round of giggles. Sherlock’s smile soon grew to a wide grin that spread across his face. Before long, he was giggling, too. “Let’s see which of us can hold our breath the longest underwater,” said John once he’d caught his breath.
Despite the awkward conversation in the car, Sherlock did his best while at the hospital to be supportive of Victor while waiting for information about his father. He offered to be a shoulder to cry on when they were told of his passing, though Victor didn’t take it. He stayed with Victor at the hospital until he was ready to leave, and then drove him to his mother’s home. Victor seemed in a bit of a hurry to get out of the car.
That evening, the Holmes family sat down at the kitchen table to what Sherlock decided was the worst idea ever (aside from going to public school). Mycroft looked confused, Sherlock and Dad looked uncomfortable, and Mum looked angry.
“You’d probably still run the country, even from a low-level position,” said Sherlock mockingly. Mummy shot him a look, however, so he stopped smirking. Mycroft pondered this for a moment.
He and John immediately began waving their hands threateningly in the general direction of each other while they waited for the slow-moving Holmes brothers (is there any other way to move in water?) to reach each other. Greg stepped forward tentatively towards the skirmish, but then decided against it and stepped back again. “Good move,” Molly said. The Holmes brothers had reached each other and now John and Jim were fighting hard. Jim shoved John and their team nearly fell over, but luckily Sherlock didn’t let that happen. John , aiming for the chest, accidentally hit Jim in the face.
“Bzz, bzz,” said Mycroft as Sherlock sat upright on the floor. Sherlock had started to do that a few weeks ago, which was great, because now they could play wherever they wanted without having to prop Sherlock up. Sherlock grinned, white nubs of teeth visible just above his gums. His hair was getting longer and darker. He clapped his hands together excitedly. “Bzzzz!” Sherlock squealed and giggled.
“What should I get, Mycroft?” he asked, looking over at his brother, who was now eyeing the numerous flavors with a hint of gluttony.
“I wouldn’t say genius,” she said. “I wrote a few books, but when Mikey was born I decided I’d rather raise him and this young man.” She gestured to Sherlock. Mr. Holmes shook his head, a bemused expression on his face.
Lestrade came in, closing the door behind him. His face was red and he was sweating. His hair was all messed up and he looked like he had just come in a hurry.
Almost a year later, Mycroft had packed the last of his belongings and was ready to leave for university. Mummy was very emotional and Daddy had the camera out again, snapping pictures of what he said was “the last moments of Mycroft’s childhood”, or something to that effect. Sherlock thought it was dull. Mycroft was rarely around anyway, so him being gone full-time wouldn’t have much of an impact on Sherlock other than the benefit of not being corrected all the time.
“Myron, get the camera!” she said excitedly. Mycroft clapped his hands, all too pleased to be the cause of Sherlock’s first smile.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“Ah, okay.” They turned around and headed back up towards their friends. The hot sand burned their feet and John was practically hopping to their chairs. Sherlock showed no sign of pain except for
“I know,” said Lestrade, confirming Sherlock’s suspicions. “That was a hell of a concoction you took,” he continued. “It’s a wonder you made it.”
Not five minutes later, Mrs. Hudson returned carrying a large decorated box with a small bag stacked on top. Inside the box and bag were various brushes, mirrors, pens, powders, and other items used to decorate one's face. She set them down on the desk, clearing away the numerous papers and junk that littered the surface. John went over and looked inside the box, overwhelmed by how many supplies Mrs. Hudson had brought. He picked up a bottle of nail polish that had caught his attention and eyed it warily. The glittery, deep blue paint was pretty and looked like the night sky. It reminded him of Sherlock. He blushed and set it down again, crossing his arms afterward.
“He left after you did, but he didn’t say where he was going. Leave him a message, he’ll probably be back soon,” she said.
“Eating only slows me down.” Victor nodded the way one does when hearing the same answer to the same question a thousand times.
“Oh, Mike, we’ve totally got this in the bag,” said Jim. “This’ll be too easy. Faster, Mikey, faster! You’re a terrible horse.” Mycroft shuddered and made a face. He was not enjoying this at all. When they reached Greg and Molly, Jim grinned. “Hi, Molly. You’re going to fall for me again, how funny is that?” He tried to shove her, but Greg moved them out of the way and Jim and Mycroft nearly fell over. “That was a close one, Mike. Good save.” Molly reached out and shoved him as hard as she could (which was really hard) and they toppled over. Jim yelled in surprise as he went down. Mycroft could not have stood up out of the water faster.
Sherlock couldn’t imagine what life would be like without Victor. Well, he could, but he didn’t want to. Whenever Victor walked into the room, Sherlock felt an inexplicable sense of happiness and calm, as if nothing bad could ever happen. He thought about him a lot when he didn’t have anything to do. This shook Sherlock a little. He had never felt about anyone in this way before. Luckily, he was able to keep busy with classes, fencing, and boxing, in addition to all the activities he did on his own. Victor came to every fencing tournament, every boxing match, and he never missed one. Before they’d start, Sherlock would scan the crowd to find Victor, and he’d always feel a little sense of pride that someone was up there rooting for him.
“I will.” Molly had calmed down and looked as though nothing had happened; in fact, she was smiling. It was nice to have friends. Meanwhile, John had lost the breathing competition. He surfaced, sputtering. When he saw that he had lost, he groaned, rolled his eyes, and kicked the shadow under the water. Sherlock came up looking very confused.
“It wasn’t working, so I squeezed it harder and then it all came out very suddenly.” John nodded, grinning.
“And I’m not?” asked John, slightly offended, though he knew he shouldn’t be. Sherlock ignored him and continued with the plan.
“Alright, then, let’s have some lunch.” Sherlock reluctantly put the crab back in the bucket with the others and went to his chair. His legs were covered in sand and he tried to brush it off before sitting down but it wasn’t enough. John passed him his lunch: a salad and a water. Light enough that Sherlock would probably eat most of it, meaning less waste. John, on the other hand, was having a ham sandwich with crisps and a lemonade. While they were eating, Molly and Mrs. Hudson returned. As Molly wrapped herself in her towel, Mrs. Hudson regaled them with the tale of her wooing.
“Aye aye, captain.” Sherlock wrapped the sheets around him and got up out of bed while John went to his room and made sure he had everything he needed. He had sunblock, towels, his wallet, sunglasses, and a book. And his swim suit, of course. Lestrade was in charge of the umbrella, and Mrs. Hudson was downstairs packing food. Mycroft said he was bringing something for Sherlock, though he didn’t say what. He brought his bag downstairs to the sitting room and made breakfast for him and Sherlock, since Mrs. Hudson was busy packing. They each had an egg, but John had with it beans and toast and sausage, while Sherlock had chips (fries) and ham.
“No, although if you want to later, we can.” Sherlock furrowed his brows, trying to think of where else they could be going. Just then, however, Mycroft pulled him left into one of the shops. It was the ice cream parlour. Sherlock had only been here a few times with Mummy when he was really little. It was a nice establishment. There were booths all along the left-side wall, and the case with all the ice cream ran along the right hand side, and a large blackboard on the back wall with the different flavors and toppings written on it. There were so many of them, Sherlock found it hard to choose just one.
"Alright, it was just an idea," she said. John felt bad for Mrs. Hudson. He and Sherlock rarely did stuff that she wanted to do. Actually, he couldn't remember the last time they did something of her choosing.
Over the course of the term, Sherlock became a regular smoker. Not only did it provide a distraction from Victor’s betrayal, it also stimulated his mind and aided him in problem-solving. And deep down, he even thought it made him look a bit cool. Despite all these benefits, however, Mum wouldn’t approve of it, so when it came time to pack to go home for the Christmas holiday, Sherlock decided to tuck the spare packs inside of a sock rolled up in a shoe. That should be safe enough. Once he had finished the exhausting ordeal of packing, he sat down for a smoke. His hands no longer shook when he lit the cigarette, and he was more than used to the toxic fumes.
“Are you ready to go, Sherlock?” asked Mum, smiling sadly. Her youngest son was leaving home, and she wasn’t quite ready.
“Yes, that’s rather kind of you, brother mine. Although I won’t be having any, as there are no Cheese and Onion bags to be found.”
“Well, why aren’t you in a swimsuit?” said Mrs. Hudson exasperatedly. She had clearly had this conversation multiple times in the car.
Once Sherlock had removed enough of the sunscreen, the boys left for the beach. They picked a spot near the water, but not so near they’d have to move at the tide. They were near a gay couple; one was burying the other in sand. The one with the shovel turned around and waved at them.
“The ground here’s been shifted recently,” noticed John. Indeed, the dusty dirt was darker and looser. Greg went to his car and grabbed the shovel, and began digging. Clunk. He reached down and pulled from the hole a smallish metal box. He handed it to John, who opened it hesitantly. Inside was a flashdrive. Lestrade bent down again and pulled out a barrel, on which the box had been resting. Inside the barrel was, of course, gunpowder, but it was too heavy to just be gunpowder. He dug up the rest of the barrels and John pulled them out. They loaded them into the car and brought them back to NSY. They dumped the contents of the barrels into three separate, clear plastic bins.
“No.” Sherlock left his seat, unexcused, and went upstairs. He closed and locked the door, and nobody was allowed in that night.
“But I don’t like homework. I like Redbeard. I’d be responsible for him.” But it was no use. There was no convincing Daddy to let him have the dog. The next day, Sherlock relayed all this to Mr. Billings.
“Oh, nice,” said Dad. “What’s that sample?” Sherlock was confused by the direction of the conversation. He thought they’d be discussing his homosexuality, not his fake experiment.
Sherlock was very confused as to why Mycroft didn’t want to play anymore. He’d make his way upstairs and toddle over to Mycroft’s closed door.
Sherlock fully expected that every day would be exactly the same until he left for college. Surviving school, practicing deductions and violin, visiting Redbeard, and enduring painful family dinners. This was not very promising, but Sherlock didn’t care. Of course he didn’t care. Why would he? The Holmes boys don’t care about anything. As long as Sherlock kept his brain busy all day, he’d be fine. Absolutely fine. And at first, that’s exactly how his days were spent, and nothing interesting whatsoever happened until the autumn of 1997.
“I’ll have the fish and chips, please,” said Sherlock, smiling cordially. He handed his menu to the waitress as she turned to John.
“Shut up.” They giggled again, giddy from lack of breath and the excitement of the day. Mycroft was off to the side, still shivering and grumpy.
Mycroft came home and brought his bag up to his room. Then he ran back downstairs to the sitting room, where Mummy was bouncing Sherlock on her knee while singing to him in French. Grandmother was French, so that was the second language Mycroft had learned and he understood everything Mummy was singing. When he entered the room, the two looked up at him, and Sherlock started smiling.
“Yes, but Gavin wouldn’t stop.” Lestrade’s mouth opened but closed quickly when John shot him another look.
“Hey, John!” He said. “You excited?” A crash came from Sherlock’s room, causing both Greg and John to turn their heads.
“Thanks, Sally,” said John, turning to leave. He could call Mycroft, but this seemed like it might be safer to discuss in person. He went outside and found the nearest security camera. He waved at it, and a few minutes later a sleek black car pulled up. Anthea, caught up in something on her phone, waved him in from her seat in the back. He climbed in and the car sped off. Soon they were outside an abandoned building. John went inside and immediately spotted Mycroft.
“Hey, buddy,” he said when he walked in the house. Redbeard gave a halfhearted wag of his tail. “I’m leaving for a few months.” He scratched Redbeard behind the ears, his favorite spot. “I’ll be back for Christmas, so don’t worry.” Redbeard licked his hand. “I’ll really miss you, boy,” Sherlock finished. He put his arms around the irish setter and gave him one last scratch before standing up. “See you soon, Redbeard.” He put his hand to his forehead as a salute and left the farm.
“Oh, hey, John, any sign from Sherlock?” he asked, looking up from the files on his desk. He had a doughnut in one hand and a steaming coffee was resting next to the papers.
It was an ordinary, rainy day in 221B. John was in the sitting room with Mrs. Hudson, watching Connie Prince on the television. Sherlock was off at the lab doing an analysis of some type of dust. John still hadn't found a job yet, but Mrs. Hudson was more than happy to spend some time with him. This was their fifth week watching Connie Prince together.
Sherlock deposited his book bag on the table and stalked upstairs to his room. Per the advice of Mycroft, he had decided it was best to not care about things, and so he needed work to do to fill the time a caring person would’ve spent crying. He opened up his notebook and started writing down what he had observed at school that day, like he’d done for the past year since that awful first day of school.
“Billy’s moving to London and I’ll never see him again,” he said, putting his head in his hands. Mummy came over and rested her hand on his back, rubbing it gently in an attempt to soothe him.
“I’m your brother and I need to know.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “And, I almost forgot, I have something for you.” Sherlock looked around curiously, interest piqued. Mycroft held out an oblong package wrapped in some fancy paper. Sherlock tore at the paper, revealing a dark bundle inside. He held it up. It was a long black coat with large pockets and buttons. It looked very cool.
Nearly two hours later, Sherlock and his mum pulled into the lot at Cambridge. Mum turned the car off and Sherlock made a move to get out of the car.
“How about Charlotte’s Web? That’s got talking animals in it.” Mycroft considered this. On the one hand, it wasn’t very challenging, and he didn’t like doing tedious things. On the other, it wouldn’t take very long.
“You’re gay?” asked Mycroft, ignoring the last comment. Sherlock nodded. “I thought you didn’t feel things that way. I thought you were like me.”
“Thank you for your assistance,” said Mycroft, rolling his eyes. He sat down on his chair. “This sand really does get in all the nooks and crannies, doesn’t it?” he said, pulling off one of his leather dress shoes, turning it upside-down and swiftly patting the bottom. He was still in his fancy government clothes.
“Probably hoping we’ll leave without him,” said Sherlock. The group sat waiting until they could stand it no longer.
“Mikey, what do you think of this tree?” His dad gestured to a large, full tree; the kind that immediately brings Christmas to mind and is everything a Christmas tree should be. It looked excellent for hanging ornaments from.
“Well, when we heard Rosie crying, we told John how you used to cry a lot as a baby and if he wanted to we could show him some photos,” explained his mother.
“Jesus, Sherlock… alright. I’ll call the clinic, let them know I’ll be out. And I guess we have to start packing… does Mrs. Hudson know?” Sherlock left the room while John rattled off everything that had to be done.
“Sherlock, wait!” John toppled backwards into the water, pulling Sherlock down with him. They had to repeat this process a few times before they were ready to go. Meanwhile, Jim was attempting to climb on Mycroft. He was pretty agile, but Mycroft kept squirming at the physical contact, making it very difficult for Jim to keep hold on him.
John glared at the computer. Sherlock had left with hardly a word and now he was leaving him with a case. Well. John was going to show him. He was going to solve that case as soon as he could. He opened the attached file to see eight numbered pictures of crowded streets. The left-hand traffic indicated they must all be in London, though John couldn’t figure anything else out just yet. He thought it best to look at it again with fresh eyes after some rest.
Greg and Molly had the easiest time with it. Molly was smaller, but strong, so she went on top to face off against the other riders. When at last John managed to stay on Sherlock for more than five seconds, it was time to start.
“These are good, John. Very good. One question,” Sherlock said, still laughing. John glared at him. “I’m not surprised at you and Mrs. Hudson, but how on earth did you get Gavin to join you?” John blinked a few times. That was his one question?
“Victor! Are you feeling better?” he asked, using his best caring voice, which wasn’t hard, because he really did hope he was feeling better. Victor nodded his head but didn’t smile.
“Being your arch-nemesis is hard work, Sherlock. Sometimes I just need a break. To turn off the constant noise in my head.” He made an indescribable face. “But what are you doing here? You don’t seem like the beach-going type.”
“Look, kid, we appreciate your interest, but we’ve got it under control. Carl simply drowned, that’s all.”
John H. Watson. If you want your friends back, come to the abandoned warehouse tomorrow at 7:00 p.m. Come alone, wear a disguise, and tell no one.
Jim jumped up abruptly from his floating position in the water. He had a mischievous look on his face. He waited until everyone was looking at him. His eyes were wide with excitement and his grin crossed from ear to ear.
“Sorry, brother mine, but duty calls.” While the brothers glared at each other, the rest of the group loaded the bags into the cars.
“My age is irrelevant. I read about the case in the paper, and I noticed that Carl’s shoes were missing. It seemed important, so I wanted to know if you were aware of this.”
Slowly but surely, John was making his way through the case, typing with his two index fingers. He could hear Mrs. Hudson downstairs cleaning, and the cars passing by on Baker Street. He was startled by the turn of the doorknob. In walked Sherlock, papers in hand. He seemed to be deep in thought as he approached the desk. He set down his papers and picked up another stack that had been left there.
“I think he’s the cleverest one,” Sherlock replied. “To make up for his size.” Mr. Billings chuckled.
“Come on, Sherlock, walk towards me,” coaxed Mycroft. Sherlock smiled at him. “You can do it.” Sherlock took one step before falling down to crawl towards him instead. He clapped his hands, under the impression he did what was asked. Mycroft smiled and shook his head. “That wasn’t walking,” said Mycroft. Sherlock just laughed his high-pitched dolphin squeal, unaware of his brother’s disappointment.
“Kids do that. They always pick on the ones who are different. They pick on me, too. But I don’t care. Caring is not an advantage. It prevents me from seeing what matters, which is why I am so successful, and my peers are not.”
“Can I see it then, if it’s so unimportant?” Sherlock shifted uncomfortably and reluctantly took his hands away. John reached under the blankets and pulled out a small framed picture. A small boy with curly hair in a pirate costume was running around on a beach, and an older, chubbier boy was standing to the side smiling. The younger boy was holding a sword and what looked like a map. He was laughing.
“Pass me the slide with the soil,” Sherlock had asked. Victor fumbled around with the slides for a bit before finding the right one.
“He loves you, you fool. I don’t know what he’s said but I’m not wrong about these things.” Could it possibly be true? Was there a chance for him and John? No. John had rejected him. This was just a formality.
“Well I know I wasn’t that impressive and it was so fast and I didn’t warn you. I mean I’m sure you didn’t want a mouthful of…” Sherlock was cut off by the other man surrounding him in a tackling bear hug.
“He came to talk to me, just now it was very interesting.” What John had been to see Mycroft? Why? Had he done something? He didn’t think so.
“What do you have to be sorry for?” John tried to turn his beautiful man’s face back to meet his eyes.
They plodded down the hill in silence. John insisted on carrying down all of his supplies and holding Sherlock’s hand tightly in his, the whole time. The cab ride felt awkward and uncomfortable. Sherlock bounced his leg up and down. The date had been beautiful. Why was it so weird now? It hadn’t been what he’d expected at all. He knew John was a bit of a romantic but he’d really gone all out. So why was it all tense? John glanced over at Sherlock awkwardly. He should have kissed him when he’d had the chance. Now there was this uncomfortable barrier between their connection emotionally and the physical space they took up.
“John,” Sherlock’s tone took on a slightly more serious air, “you were so great to me and I want to help you to but um do you think you could help me.”
“I’m so sorry John. I don’t know what I did but I can be better I swear. Anything you want I’ll get it for you…” Sherlock launched into heartfelt blabbering.
“I’m sorry. If this is too much that’s okay. We can just go inside and go back to how it was before no harm is done.” Sherlock felt a flood of panic. What?!? Back to the way things were? But they’d been awful. He’d wanted John so badly but he was forced to ignore it and be completely alone even when he was by his side. Was he really that repulsive that he’d ruined it in one night? John could see Sherlock spiralling. He shook his arm and guided him inside the house.
“Oh. But...” Sherlock grimaced, it felt wrong to talk so openly about this how couldn’t John know it was him. He was Sherlock’s only friend. He’d fought for him over and over.
Sherlock felt strange. Why was John acting like this? Why was he pretending to be all supportive about this now? John didn't care about the sanctity of the soul bond. The near-constant parade of women he traipsed about the house said as much.
“So what now?” Sherlock spoke hesitantly. It was going to be a weird road ahead but he got to be on the road with John.
“It’s about your precious John.” Fuck. Now he had to know. Mycroft really was a manipulative dickwad.
“There’s something else. Isn’t there?” John said with a knowing voice, “Something you’re not telling me.” Sherlock knew he would know if he even thought of lying.
“Alright. If you're not reassured by that we’ll get you some supplies and tricks up your sleeves yeah buddy.”
“Okay we need to talk but first I need you to do something for me. The fifth title from left to right at the top of the fireplace there is a draw that pulls out. Can you retrieve the contents and put them under your care where I cannot access them, please?”
at his misfortune.  After several sulky minutes of washing congealing vitreous humour from the treads of his shoe, he scowled his way through the sitting room to resume his place at his laptop, but was drug down onto the couch for a conciliatory snog.
Tony snorted.  “Lee, aren’t you colour blind?”  Lee threw up his hands in defeat, and they all cracked up again.
“What do you mean, what ASBOs?  The ones from when Sherlock and I got a bit..um..carried away outside the Royal Opera House…”
John just hummed in agreement.  Always best to see where Mycroft was going before committing to anything.
He frequently took a shift at the clinic on Fridays, so when he appeared in the kitchen in his work clothes, Sherlock only lifted his head from the microscope for a quick kiss.
“All right, all right, I’ve already told you every other embarrassing detail of my life.  So, we were undercover at the Royal Opera, getting close to this posh old lady, the type who’s always clutching at pearls over every imagined slight, because it turns out she’s pretty adept at clutching at pearls--and diamonds--and not just figuratively, and runs a stolen jewelry fencing operation with her two sons.  They’d bitten off more than they could chew when they swiped something from the Brazilian ambassador, who was threatening to make an international incident out of it.  Well, I told you Sherlock’s the one with fashion sense.  He was wearing a new suit, and well, I don’t know or care who designed it or what it cost, but damn.  His arse in those trousers...sorry, sorry,” he gave a cheeky grin and was met with eye rolls and fake gagging.  “Well, after we got the evidence and handed her over, and then chased one of her sons all over the opera house, we were both high on adrenaline and laughing our arses off.”
Violet rolled her eyes, but she was smiling. “Oh, I think I can.  But I promise not to unless they prove to be particularly tedious.  So at least not until their second visit.”
have heat in cabs, John,” Sherlock responded with his usual air of disdain.  “So it would be quite a waste of my time unless you had another destination besides Baker Street in mind.”
“Neither did I, back then when we all knew each other,” John said. “I mean, I’d had passing thoughts that a bloke was attractive--and no, not any of
“Nah…fucking a bloke hasn’t granted me any fashion super powers.  Not for lack of trying on his part; he’s always trying to sneak new jumpers into the wardrobe, and the ones he deems most objectionable somehow “accidentally” have acid spilt on them.
The bus lurched, and someone knocked him from the side, wrenching his bad shoulder.  He gritted his teeth to avoid teaching the Disney girls some new vocabulary words and scooted forward to use his other arm to grip a pole closer to the door.
“Mrs Hudson!  Do you need to do a load?  I have another to do, but it’s nothing urgent if you want to put in a load after I finish this one…”
“Sure, not all marriages are great, and not everyone’s meant for marriage, but I don’t think that’s reason to swear off marriage in general.  There are a lot of good marriages, too.  I don’t know what I’d do without my Amanda.  We’ve been married for eleven years in October, and I love her even more now than I did when we started out.”
“Come on, don’t leave us hanging now.  If you don’t have any more stories to share, I can tell you all about the nursing homes we’ve been looking into for my mother-in-law…”
“Shall I massage it and make it better?” Sherlock crooned as he grabbed two generous handfuls of arsecheek.
“Jessica was so much fun when we were dating.  But bam, put a ring on her finger, and the inner witch came out, you know what I mean?”
“Anyhow, if Sherlock were here, he’d be rolling his eyes at me going on about his looks…’It’s all transport’, he always says...please pass the potatoes?”
“...but...does this shirt and this jacket match? I mean, my wife says they’re two different colours of green, but I think…”  Marc couldn’t even finish the sentence as he was laughing at all their faces.  Tony nearly fell off his chair again, and after the laughter had almost died down from Marc’s fashion question, Rajesh started them off again by acting like he was going to tie Tony to the chair with his jacket sleeves.
, indeed.  He’d certainly grown much more suspicious about what all the grandmotherly women he came across were
because Mycroft couldn’t find the book on bees Sherlock had requested from the library.  It was rather funny, actually, seeing a three-year-old act as if his brother didn’t exist for two whole days.”
“Something orange and furry.  If it wasn’t for the odd colour, I would have said it was a toupee or a wig…”
“John! I’ll need you to research Ulrey Tyre Shop in Eastbourne.”  Sherlock bounced up the stairs ahead of John, whose gait could more correctly be labelled trudging.  “If I’m right, the scammer is laundering the money through the shop.”
Hmm.  A bigger splash, actually; that would give him the excuse to change right away once he got home; best to give Sherlock as little time to observe as possible.
“Ha, yeah...I’ve barely got time to keep up with the one.  But anyhow, you’ve all heard my life story.  Kevin, what are you up to these days, besides pining over Jimmy’s sister?”
John spent the next half hour giving the highlights of his life since leaving Afghanistan; only Bill had read his blog, so he was able to regale them with stories of cases that made the blog and crazy situations he and Sherlock had gotten into that hadn’t made the blog.  His relationship with Sherlock came out naturally in the conversation, but the blokes recovered quickly from the surprise and didn’t seem to be put off.  The one who dared make a rude speculative remark about who was the bottom had his shin kicked rather sharply by his neighbor and kept further thoughts to himself.  The conversation eventually moved on to a review of the others’ lives, but John was the undisputed sensation of the evening.  By the time they staggered out after a pint too many, he was slapped on the back enthusiastically by nearly everyone, and had gained several new readers of his blog.
I will keep him away from your aunt.  No, I mean...has he said anything about what he thinks about weddings?”
“Why, has he said something?” If anyone were to get Sherlock Holmes to confess to his true feelings on a subject, it would be Mrs Hudson.
“Yeah, well, before we start a therapy session here at the table, did anybody watch the Arsenal vs Chelsea game last week?”
“Oi, Watson! Over here!”  Paul scrambled out from the back of the booth where he’d been holding court.  By the time they went through the handshake-turned-into-a-back-slap-half-hug greeting of old mates, Lee and Kevin had made a noisy entrance.
John tried to remember to be discreet, as he realised that the conversation around him had lulled, and seven people were pretending not to be listening.  This caution was forgotten in a fit of temper after whatever Mycroft said next.
Later that evening, John choked on his tea when his brain finally cleared and he remembered his mid-coital thought.
As Sherlock made his way back around to where the scammer was supplying a table with more tea, several of the Tarts hopped up onto the low stage at the end of the room and began serenading the diners with lively Christmas carols.  John was only half listening as he followed Sherlock with his eyes as he circled his prey.
“Ah! Here it is!  I knew it must be down here somewhere!”  Mrs Hudson pulled a lacy bra in an alarming shade of pink out from the gap between the washer and the wall.  “Now, I must be off; I’m meeting an old friend for drinks in half an hour! Just let me know once you’ve made your plans if there’s anything I can do to help!”
Laurina laughed. “Oh, of course.  We’ve done it too, bickering over which side of the family Julie’s red hair came from.”
John was pleased with how the case was progressing so far.  He had worried the whole time he had been planning it--Sherlock was so unpredictable in what would attract his attention at a crime scene.  What if he
Sherlock was about ten feet away and hadn’t yet attracted the attention of the scammer, who was humming along as he carried a couple of empty plates to the window by the kitchen door.
the British Government, that’s who was on the phone.  I still do locum work at a clinic to keep my hand in as a doctor, though, between cases, since I can’t work as a surgeon since getting shot in Afghanistan…” John realised he was rambling.
“Yes, that one.  If Sherlock asks if you remember seeing him in the restaurant on Friday night, say you saw this one.”
Thankfully, John had the perfect way to keep Sherlock from bringing up the conversation once they were alone.  As soon as the door shut behind them, he grabbed both of Sherlock’s hands, placed them on his own crotch, and began enthusiastically rubbing himself against them.
Siger was laughing now.  “Honestly, Vi, it’s slightly boring dinners, not espionage and daggers.  The Morrisons were nice people; there was no need to terrorize them like that.”
“Well, Sherlock, I see that you are determined to marinate in your boredom rather than make yourself useful.  Do remember that Mummy and Father will be coming into the city next weekend, and will expect…”
“Yeah...of course, she was with that P.E. teacher, the one she was messing around with when she and I were trying to work things out there at the end.”  Everyone but Sherlock groaned in empathy.
John had debated for some time about whether to involve the annoying junkie who considered himself the next great deducer, but who else could you pay to spend their Friday night setting up a fake crime scene, stick around to guard it, and clean it up again after?  Besides, Wiggins had taken it as a personal challenge to see if he could set up a scene well enough to trick the great Sherlock Holmes, so he’d do a thorough job of it.
“Not saying that it isn’t work, or always perfect, but we work well as a team, and I’d say we’re in a pretty solid place.”
if he was being followed. He thought he was just being paranoid, so he took a couple of random turns and said he was going to take a shortcut through a particular alley, because he thought he could get all the way through before the person caught up, and if they were following him, wouldn’t be able to see which way he had gone.”
, right there.  John clamped his mouth shut to keep himself from letting out a little moan of frustration.
Back to the suspect.  Sherlock had held back, not wanting to accost him while he was so close to the kitchen door.  If he bolted, better that he make for the backstage door where John was waiting.
Violet nodded. “Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, a field surgeon.  He served three tours of duty in Afghanistan before he was wounded in action.  John’s quite modest, but Sherlock likes to brag on him and told us he was promoted to Captain and earned several medals...”
The Fitzgeralds looked both rather shocked and intrigued by this point; bugged sitting rooms and death threats were so far removed from their experience.  The most criminal thing that they’d ever had anything to do with had been when their middle daughter’s car had been broken into in Birmingham, and they had talked about that in what-is-the-world-coming-to tones for years.
there were negotiations), Wiggins insisted on new boots for two members of the homeless network who he would have tromp around the scene early Saturday morning so that there would be evidence of two cops having stopped to investigate.  John planned for the “client” to say that he’d asked the police for help first, only for them to decline since there was no clear evidence that a crime had been committed, at which point the client thought of Sherlock.  John hadn’t argued too much; shoe prints
John had eaten in the park because it was on the way to his next destination, a small flower shop near St. Bart’s.  He remembered walked by it frequently when he was a student; he’d stopped to consider making a purchase on several occasions when a girlfriend he’d neglected due to the long hours of a medical student (okay, and rugby, slightly less excusable) needed to be placated. He’d only done it once, though (Lisa Lewis, third year); a uni student’s budget didn’t stretch that far.
The narrow alley was now strewn with splattered Italian food (how did he get it all the way up there?), an umbrella mangled beyond all belief, one sock with a hole in it, scattered rumpled post-it notes, a toothbrush, and the skip, which had clearly been shoved a foot further down the alley than it normally sat and boasted a new dent.
John hung back in the doorway, as the tiny office was cramped even without both Angelo and Sherlock in it.  One more connection to make...he just needed to get Sherlock to Bart’s.  Had Sherlock figured out the case was staged yet?  He was still playing along if he had, and that wasn’t like him, really, or at least not without copious eye-rolling...John could almost believe he had truly managed to fool the great detective, but he’d felt Sherlock sneaking little glances at him as they’d spoken to Angelo.
I’ll be in London for work for a couple of weeks starting next week, and I’ve got a weekend in the middle there free!  If anyone’s around, let’s meet up for a beer!  I googled and The Rope and Rabbit pub is near my hotel, but if any of you locals have a recommendation, I’m all for it.  As long as they serve Guinness, ha ha!  Let’s do Saturday, April 8, around 7 at whatever pub the locals decide on?  I’ll be free all afternoon if anyone wants to meet for dinner before that, too!
“Oh, yes, yes...this one.  I remember ‘im...he was here with a girl?  Sister, maybe?  They didn’t ask for a candle, and she left before him.”  Angelo pretended to be thinking hard about his customers from the previous night.  “Why?  Is the boy in some trouble?  If he is, he’s lucky to have you on his side!”
Sherlock pushed upon the door and walked straight to the bundle of incredible purple roses.  They were tied with a black satin ribbon, and had been laid carefully on the worktop beside his favourite microscope. The roses were resting on several pieces of sheet music; a quick glance was enough for him to see that they were from Mendelssohn’s and Wagner’s wedding marches. An envelope made of creamy, luxurious paper was propped against the roses, with his name written as carefully as it could be in John’s deplorable doctor’s handwriting.  He stopped breathing.
Sherlock gave a noncommittal noise.  “Did you see either of them speaking with anyone else while they were here?”
(Or at least this was the story that Mycroft and Greg told to their parents.  It was partially true, but the real catalyst for taking their relationship from acquaintances to dating had been an incident in which Greg had been taken hostage when an attempt to arrest cartel members had gone pear-shaped.  The situation had been dire enough that Sherlock had called in a favor with his brother for help with the CCTV footage to track where they had taken him.  Mycroft had been the one to find him first, and had, despite his usual distaste for legwork, gone in to free Greg himself, while Anthea and a small team of agents made sure the cartel members highly regretted their decisions in life.  Mycroft felt the story would only worry his parents unnecessarily, and Sherlock wouldn’t be blabbing because he’d have to admit Mycroft had solved the case before he did.)
He did wash his hands several times with the antibacterial soap and let his cuffs be splashed so the scent would be stronger.  What else could he do?  Ah, a bit of ointment on his shirt, and a splash of stale coffee that had been sitting in the break room all afternoon.
“The boy, he left his bag when he went away; I kept it in the office in case he came to back for it today.  Do you want to see it?”
“I knew you’d probably recognize the pattern once you made the connection to Angelo’s.  But today...today I wanted to remember those first days we spent together.  I will never forget walking into this lab and you asking me ‘Afghanistan or Iraq?’  You amazed me right from the start, and I felt alive again running after you.”
“We...” John swallowed thickly. “We know what it’s like to not have each other, or to not have each other completely, and now that I have you, I don’t ever want to not have you again.”
Sherlock was entertaining himself now by gradually drifting his hand higher and higher on John’s thigh, to see what point he could reach before John elbowed him.
John looked up into his eyes again.  The look Sherlock was giving him was...heated.  Sherlock took another step forward and John stepped back until his back hit the door.  Sherlock placed his hands on either side of John’s head and leaned in, leaving barely an inch between them.
Oh, great, John thought.  Here it comes.  The who-tops-who question.  His cheeks started to flush a bit in anticipation of it.  Honestly...it was rude.  No one goes about questioning their straight friends about their favourite sexual positions.  Or at least not unless they knew each other much better than uni friends who hadn’t seen each other in years.  He’d been asked the question a couple of times before, but once it was a witness they were interviewing and once it was a nosy lady at the grocery store, so he’d been able to shut it down with a disdainful look and walk away...a few other times someone had started the question, but Sherlock had been present and had loudly deduced enough of their proclivities to discourage them from further curiosity.
Heeey, mates!  This is Paul Robson, your old flanker!  I hope you still remember me, it’s been so long, ha ha!
There was a moment in which John gazed up without breathing and Sherlock blinked down at him without breathing before John felt himself being yanked to his feet and kissed even more breathless.  When he finally was able to pull back, he just looked at the face of the most beautiful man he’d ever seen for a moment.
The next morning, he was reliving the evening in his mind while flopped on the couch waiting for the paracetamol to kick in for his headache.  After a few minutes’ contemplation, he picked up his phone from the coffee table and typed out a quick message.
what he thought about the idea;  if they discussed it calmly over toast and scrambled eggs, then he wouldn’t be able to make asking
While he clearly loved John to the point that John sometimes felt like he was disentangling himself from an octopus when he tried to exit the bed, would the idea of being married be too much of a departure from his self-image?
“Ladies and Gentlemen, “ Sherlock addressed the astonished crowd, “this Tart has been quite naughty this Christmas.  If you have donated to the Bears for St. Bart’s Children’s fund, it is a scam, and you should contact New Scotland Yard to file a complaint.”  And with that, he turned with a flourish that lacked some of its usual flair without the Belstaff and grabbed the scammer’s other arm to help John drag the squirming and protesting man off stage.
“Sherlock, I…”  John pulled the door shut behind him and turned to address Sherlock and froze.  Sherlock was bent over the arm of his chair, arse pointed right at John.  That beautiful arse, covered only in a thin, stretchy blue layer of fabric.  And then he
To John’s surprise, Sherlock didn’t bother to change back into his suit before they left to find a cab.  He did take his Belstaff, leaving John carrying the bag with his suit, although it looked a bit odd with the blue tights.
“Yes, and then I’m to say that I remember ‘im because of the bag he left behind, which I’m still holding in the office in case anyone comes to call for it.”
?  You know, I think that at Mummy’s birthday dinner next weekend I’ll just mention what happened last Wednes…”
“Yeah?  Well, c’mere then.”  John moved his hands to Sherlock’s shoulders and pulled him in.  There was a delicious moment of noses rubbing and breath mingling before Sherlock’s mouth found his.  The first touch was a bit tentative, but they quickly found their rhythm.  When their tongues finally touched, Sherlock let out a moan and melted against John.
Violet eyes brightened. “Oh, well, if they become too tedious, we can just do what we did with the Rockinghams and the Morrisons.”
By the time he got back to his laptop and read the e-mail from Paul inviting any of his old teammates to meet up for a Saturday night at the pub, he was quite ready for an evening out of the house and a nice pint.
The rest of the evening passed quickly as the pints (a few too many) flowed and they caught up on everyone else’s jobs and kids and marriages and current favourite rugby players. They left with promises to keep in touch more often (unlikely) and to never drink quite so much again (also unlikely).
“John, please.  And yeah, I am divorced.  Thankfully, my ex-wife moved to America, so I’m spared any surprise meetings.”  Especially as her new home in America was in a maximum-security penitentiary.
John, being both early to arrive and, after years of criminals, preferring to have his back to the wall, was crammed into the middle of the corner booth. The waitress had barely set down the first pint for Tony, the last to arrive, when John’s phone rang.
His affectionate musings came to an abrupt and horrifying end as he felt and heard a sickening squelch under his foot.  He paused a moment, dreading to look.  Apparently he had missed an eyeball in his roundup, and it was now goo under his foot. He let out a disgusted squawk and started swearing.  Thank god he was wearing shoes.  He toed off the defiled shoe and stomped off to the bathroom (carefully, watching for any other escaped organs in his path), pausing only to glare furiously at Sherlock, who
“Just one minute.”  Sherlock, still seated, grabbed him by the hips.  “I told Lestrade thirty minutes.  It’s only a fifteen-minute cab ride.”  He was looking up at John with a smirk.
Sherlock gestured that he’d be there in a minute.  He was examining the creatively splattered tomato sauce on the side of the building, twisting and turning to imagine how the person doing the splattering must have been positioned.
He knew he shouldn’t encourage her, but well, she hadn’t changed in fifty years and he wouldn’t like it now if she did.  At least, unlike their sons, she generally managed to keep her unflattering observations of their acquaintances to herself until she had the chance to unleash them all to him on the way home.  He could have lived quite happily, however, without knowing that his cousin Edgar enjoyed wearing diapers.  He didn’t really envy his family’s deduction skills if it meant being able to remain ignorant of some things, especially the sexual kinks of his relatives.
By the time the Saturday night in question rolled around, John had put quite a lot of thought into how his old friends would react when they found out he was in a relationship with another man, since they would all remember his flirtatious-with-the-ladies reputation.  He wasn’t really that worried about outright hostility; it was 2017, after all, and any sane person knew it just wasn’t done to make homophobic slurs, especially when you weren’t sure of your audience--but then again, they’d probably assume it was an all-straight, macho-rugby-player audience (not that that made saying rude things right, but the beer might remove some filters).  Surely they were all sufficiently modern-minded enough to not start a brawl or ask him to leave, but there could be plenty of more subtle reactions that would lead to the same end: the uncomfortable silences, the assumption that he no longer shared their interests in sports and beer, the looking back mentally to wonder if he’d ever looked at
“And Melinda name-dropped, sneered at the new drapes, rattled on about her obnoxious views on the same-sex marriage bill, and gave rather broad hints that their pool boy does more than clean pools.  Awful people.”
Sherlock spent several minutes poking through the carrier bags in the otherwise empty skip, tucking away a few odd bits of tubing into one of the small plastic evidence bags he kept in a coat pocket. He found the bag from Angelo’s, and made John nervous by paying entirely to much attention to the toothbrush, which had been an addition by Wiggins that John had no explanation for.
He gave a last glare and huff of annoyance at the phone before sliding it back into his jacket pocket with a little more force than necessary before noticing the silence.
Siger gave his wife a fond smile.  Their sons were really a lot like her; independent and intellectual, generally avoiding small talk and casual friendships.  But when they loved, they loved with everything they had.  He was glad she’d had the chance to talk so much about the boys, one of the few topics she’d really be enthusiastic about.  They were nearly to pudding now, so there shouldn’t be too much more small talk to manage without Violet beginning to fidget and bringing up her favorite logarithms as a topic of discussion when she couldn’t think of anything else to talk about.  Not that there was anything wrong with having favorite logarithms; he had gained quite an appreciation for them himself after nearly fifty years of watching his wife’s face light up when she solved a particularly difficult bit of math.  But now, time to be polite for a bit:
“I’ve called or texted everyone I can think of who knows him.  No one has spoken to him since yesterday.  He’s never done anything like this; usually, he’s always texting me or posting on Instagram; there’s been
Charles and Laurina were listening wide-eyed.  “How terrible…” Charles felt he had to say something at this point.”
And she was off.  John was left sputtering a bit and deciding that once he put this load in the dryer that it would be quite alright until morning.  He was
to be married?  It wouldn’t really change anything about their day to day lives.  They already lived together, had joint friends/bills/beds/dislike of coconut, and could out-bicker any couple who had been together for fifty years.  There was, of course, some tax benefit, and fewer calls to Mycroft when dealing with hospital visitation rules and such, but would Sherlock just scoff and go on about the meaningless piece of paper, and insist he didn’t need the government’s approval of his living situation?
“We are not your personal clean up crew whenever your precious little minions of the MI6 cock things up!”
Perfect.  Long-stemmed roses in a deep purple hue, gathered with a black satin ribbon.  That colour always made him think of Sherlock.  He supposed it started with that shirt Sherlock used to wear so often, that perfectly complemented his pale skin.  Hmm, there’s a Christmas gift idea, another shirt in that shade.  And in his extensive meanderings through the offerings of Google, he’d found that purple roses symbolize love at first sight.  It hadn’t been quite
Five minutes later, they were parking outside of the Fitzgeralds’ retirement “cottage” (small mansion would be a more apt description for most people). Violet and Laurina had run into each other by chance in the little bookstore in the village halfway between their respective homes, and after the usual “Fancy running into you like this after all these years!” and “Imagine us living so near each other without knowing it!” (Violet had mentally rolled her eyes a bit at that one...the Fitzgeralds had only moved in last month; not like they’d been just missing each other in Tesco for years…), Laurina had insisted that the Holmes come to dinner next Saturday to catch up, and Violet had been unable to think of an excuse not to.
They parted just far enough so that John could take Sherlock’s hand again.  The ring slid on easily, and John raised the hand to his lips.
It was somehow worse than if the food had been definitely, completely destroyed.  Now he had to agonize over whether to risk a bit of food poisoning.  He might be binning perfectly good and much-desired food, or he might be spending the night in the loo…
Once they could all breathe again, Paul said, “Well, yeah, I guess everything you’ve been through would make you close...and if you’re happy with it, hey.  I never knew you were bisexual, though.”
“Of course, our boys are extraordinary. Who wouldn’t love them immediately?”  Siger was being part proud father and part facetious.  He knew well the exasperating bastards they could be. “Such charming lads!  And so amiable!”  The word amiable always made him think of reading Austen, and seemed the right touch of whimsy to make his wife laugh. “Just lovely!”  Right on into sarcasm.  Lovely, maybe, if you hadn’t witnessed their bickering.
The bus was crowded and humid, causing that awful wintertime situation of being both overheated and sweaty from being pressed against so many people while wearing a coat and scarf but also being hit with a frigid draft every time the door opened.
Beside her, Siger beamed with pride at his son-in-law.  He loved his sons-in-law, not least because they were...normal.  Well, maybe normal was the wrong word, but at least they could carry on an intelligent conversation about the state of the drain pipes or the price of petrol, items that neither of his sons had ever deigned to even notice, much less converse upon.
calculus.”  Violet rather shared her son Sherlock’s suspicious nature towards “friends,” having learned quite early in life that her fascination with numbers and beating all the boys in every math exam at a time when that was a rather unfeminine thing to do made her an odd duck among the other girls.  Siger had worn her sharp edges down over the years with his obvious adoration and steady optimism, but even now that she could start to fairly be referred to as elderly, social engagements still made her a bit apprehensive, especially if the probability of the other parties being boring was high.
“Well, refrigerators are quite well insulated, so as long as the door wasn’t opened often, most things should still be…”
“Yes, dear.  Anyone who really knew him would never believe what was written about him.  Anyhow, back to what I was saying about his return...John had been terribly lonely while Sherlock was away, and had taken up with a nurse from the clinic.”
Terrified. Joyful. Nervous. Guilty for not having reached this point long ago.  Grateful that he’d had his miracle; his Sherlock came back.  Thankful that Sherlock hadn’t given up on him through the entire debacle with Mary.  Anxious. So desperately in love.  And...just a bit of panic.  Is that panic?  Yes, definitely panic.
“Here, let me.”  Owen gathered the empties and stood to make another trip to the bar. “Anybody else need another?”
“Now, sod off and leave me alone.  I hear Greece could use some help with its economy if you need something to interfere with tonight.
Fortunately, John’s face was still hidden by a thick layer of wool while the expressions accompanying those thoughts crossed his face.  How had the jumper gotten caught on the sleeve button?
at first sight, infatuation, sure, and they hadn’t acted upon their feelings for years, but still--they seemed appropriate to give to Sherlock in the place where they had met.
?  Special, yes.  But not just a fancy dinner out, with a ring presented over dessert--although Angelo would probably provide free champagne if they did it there, and that had always been rather “their” place…
And everyone, John included, snorted and cracked up laughing.  Rajesh had tears in his eyes, and Tony nearly fell off his chair.
“Yeah, he does!  Crazy stuff, sounds like stuff off of Hawaii Five-O! Or Lethal Weapon!”  Tony, apparently, was a fan.  “I was really excited when he came back from the dead; I’m glad you’re writing again!”
John startled the nearest table by bursting out of the door in pursuit as Sherlock sprinted up the middle aisle.  They tackled the fleeing suspect easily as he tried to plough through a tangle of confused Tarts. The music cut off with a screech as John hauled him to his feet.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him and muttered something about phrases used by idiots in school.  John didn’t care.
asexual.  I just have control over my own transport, and most people are too boring to be worth taking the time to seduce.  But
sorry lot--,” snorts and chuckles around the table, “but I liked women just fine and there were plenty around, so I never gave it much thought. But then I met Sherlock…”
“John?” Sherlock smirked from his place at the window with his violin and watched his boyfriend sputter and wipe his face with the sleeve of his jumper. “Swallowing is more effective when the tea goes down your esophagus, not up into your nose.”
Even football didn’t distract from the curious looks.  John flushed slightly and looked around. To his surprise, they weren’t looking at him like he was a weirdo.  They were looks of shock, yes, but mixed with awe, not derision.
After leaving Mike’s office, John went to the clinic.  The nurses were a bit surprised to see him; it was more common for John to not turn up when he was supposed to be there, thanks to a case or other Sherlock-related catastrophe, than for him to show up on a day he wasn’t scheduled.
“We are not your personal clean up crew whenever your precious little minions of the MI6 cock things up!”
John managed to escape Angelo’s insistence that he have a little something to eat while he was there; if he went inside, he was afraid that somehow, even hours later, Sherlock would smell it on him.  Better to be safe, and besides, he had a schedule to stick to.  He stopped for a sandwich at Pret a Manger and took it into the park to eat on a bench.
Mike just grinned. “I ought to tell them a crazy tale just to see how far they’d believe it.  Those two, I could probably get to believe that I have some secret admirer having flowers delivered to my office where my wife won’t see them.  All other evidence to the contrary.”
“Ah, um, yes.”  John scrambled to pull out his wallet and pay the cabbie while Sherlock unlocked the door.  By the time he’d finished and reached the door, Sherlock was already upstairs.
After an afternoon of Mrs Hudson taking them around to talk to all of her acquaintances who’d been approached by the scammer, John had decided it would be a very long time before a biscuit sounded appetizing again.  All the ladies had insisted on serving tea along with “biscuits for the boys” as if Sherlock and John were enterprising twelve-year-olds.  In every case, John had eaten the two on his plate and then ended up sneaking one of Sherlock’s as well since the detective only nibbled on one and he didn’t want the grandmotherly ladies to take offence.
Teddy took a shaky breath and ran his hands through his hair.  Sherlock pursed his lips but kept them shut.
“Yes, John.  Your deduction based on my recent actions that I am amenable to your proposal is correct.”
“Did you know he was going to fake his death?  I can’t imagine having to read all that about my child in the newspapers!”
“My dog caught one back in ’87.  It was a wee thing, with a wisp of purple hair.  My brother said that that dog wasn’t quite right, but I always thought…”
“Phlebotomy manual...length of medical tubing...shopping list on a torn piece of paper, other side is a syllabus for a class taught by Dr. Sanders (one of Mike Stamford’s colleagues; Sherlock had once consulted with him on the neurological damage likely to result from a rare illness a victim had had,
“John’s a doctor?  What is his specialty?  Our son-in-law David…”  Laurina made a bid at extolling the virtues of one of her family, but Violet jumped back in quickly to answer her question.
Just as the affectionate snogging began to restore his previous good humour, he became aware of a strange smell permeating the flat, and it suddenly occurred to him that there had been
“I’m whinging a lot tonight, and yeah, my marriage ended badly, but looking back I know we both made a lot of mistakes.  Neither of us really made each other a priority, and we were crap at communicating.  I dunno if I’ll ever get married again, but I’m not totally against the idea.  At least I’d know what mistakes not to make again.  Besides, just look at my parents, who were together for forty-nine years before Dad died…”  One thing that John really appreciated about Lestrade was that he was always fair, even if he’d been hurt himself.
The bus stop on the next street brought even more joy to his evening—according to the ticker, the next bus wasn’t due for eleven minutes, but passengers were advised to ‘expect delays due to inclement weather.’  The bus stand was angled perfectly for the snow to be blowing directly in his face if he waited under the awning.  When he tried to step around behind the bus stand to get out of the wind, a large glob of snow slid off the roof and fell right onto the back of his neck.  The bits that managed to get under his scarf felt like needles prickling him.
the fact--and I know you only did it so you can smirk at him and threaten to bring it up in front of your mother at dinner next weekend--but you were conveniently unreachable that night, considering we were there undercover on
“A-HA!  He DID have multiple intestinal worms!  This one is still moving! Tapeworms can grow to be thirty meters.  If this one is longer than ten, then it was the sister who…”
“...It was a few months after he was invalided home that he and Sherlock met.  They were both looking for a flatmate, and were introduced by a mutual friend.  John’s injuries--he was shot in the shoulder--made it difficult for him to work as a surgeon.  From what he’s said about that time, he took his forced retirement hard and struggled to decide what to do next; he’d always assumed that once he got out of the army he’d continue working as a surgeon.  He went into general practice at a clinic part-time as soon as he was able, and Sherlock started dragging him off to crime scenes as soon as he moved in.”
”  After seeing a glimpse of silver and pale blue and glitter and spandex in the bag, John had been expecting some sort of snowflake-themed court jester, ready to perform slapstick comedy and cheesy holiday songs.  Not
John resisted the urge to look up at Sherlock, but he saw Lestrade shoot a quick curious glance his way.  Sherlock’s hand started moving again up and down his thigh, edging just a bit higher than before.
“Okay…”  John was a bit confused until Sherlock unbuttoned his jeans and pulled down the zip.  “Oh. OH.”
“I...I wasn’t thinking and sat down in my chair a bit...roughly.”  John put on his best slightly-embarrassed-but-amused-at-a-dirty-joke act.
“I think that he still fears losing you too much to risk asking for something that you are not ready to give.  But if
“Your last patient was a child, a loud one, and you now have a headache.  The back of your neck and your left hand are both red, so…”
Roland-Kerr College of Further Education looked a bit different in the light of day.  It hardly seemed like the sort of place for an encounter with a serial killer.  Until he’d come scouting about for possible locations for a fake crime scene, John had not been back since the night he shot the cabbie.  The what-ifs had made him stop and lean on the corner of the building to just reminisce a moment.  He had felt so alive that night, running and chasing with Sherlock, facing down danger with a gun, laughing at the ridiculous fortunes in the fortune cookies at the Chinese restaurant...he should have realized then that he’d always want that mad genius in his life.
