Warnings: Transphobia, misgendering, gender confusion, self-hatred, dysphoria, mentions of self harm.
It was only through John’s presence, he knew, that Sherlock was spared this barrage of abuse. And John was still treated as though he didn’t exist.
John caught his arm. “Hey – you didn’t make me do anything. I wanted to help you. I know it’s come as a shock, but I’ll help you through the rest, if you need me to. I can sort you out some counselling, or  -”
His baby, a tiny 3lb 3oz omega girl, was delivered and rushed immediately to intensive care.
“You’ll have tonight,” John said. “You’ll always have tonight, as so will I. Until your life ends how it’s meant to. And I’ll be watching over you, Sherlock. I’ll be watching over you, your whole life.”
John stared, his heart starting to go very fast. He could see Violet, Siger, and Sherlock starting to head over.
Though he was allowed to eat and drink normally, and the worst of the bruising had gone down on his neck, he still sounded like he had a terrible throat infection, and there were still red and black scabs and healing wounds on his skin. He was obviously a vampire victim, and there was very little way he could hide it.
Which he had been planning on using for rent, but James was letting him live rent-free… But James…
“You want me to go to school?” Sherlock said.
“Then wind your neck in, Sherlock. You can’t do this.”
James stepped back, his mouth opening in shock. “John, I…”
“This is the first one I’ve touched,” Sherlock gave a tiny smile. “That’s… weird.”
“Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god…” he tried to fight down the panic that was rising. John moved the hand on his back and went to hold him tight.
“True. But I always assumed you and he were… going to happen, if not already happening. He doesn’t like omegas, but I thought you were a beta, and then finding out the truth…” Greg sipped from his glass. “He’s an idiot.”
John didn’t have it in him to disagree, and pretended not to notice Sarah’s look of concern when they arrived at his hostel. He gave her some money and thanks for the cab as he got out into the rain, and let himself into the empty hostel, where all that waited for him was laundry and ready-meals and silence.
A hint of a scent hit John’s nostrils.
“Yes, but it’s low. And you’re tall, and I’m not exactly a stick. They’ll be worried about her, Sherlock.”
“You will,” Sherlock turned away, setting his drink down. “I’ll be a – a snitch, on top of everything else.”
Sherlock came out of the bathroom, his towel tucked under his stomach, hair wet, expression murderous.
“Not a chance.”
‘No, no,’ Magnussen put a hand to his chest and pushed him gently back down. ‘Leave it inside you. It’ll make it easier for me, later.’ He went to the wall, and pressed an intercom button. ‘Jackie, bring some water and fruit, and leave it outside the door, will you?’ He released the button. ‘It’s our wedding night, Sherlock. I’m going to make it so, so special for you.’
"Ah, so you do recall--"
“He doesn’t know.”
“And, like I said, this isn’t a prison. You can do what you want in your free time, and I can’t confiscate your possessions.”
He almost hadn’t believed Mycroft when he'd said John was alive.
“John’s doing a wonderful job,” Sherlock added, rubbing a hand down his tired face. Sherlock had lost weight. He’d barely been home, save to bring John clothes, and to shower. He caught snatches of sleep now and again, and John knew he’d been smoking at least once because he could smell it. He made Sherlock go home and change when he did – he didn’t want their baby being exposed to that. Sherlock had apologised endlessly, his sleep-deprived mind not thinking.
Sherlock considered, looking at his of cup. “Yes.”
“Let’s get you downstairs,” John let Sherlock take his arm. “Ok, we’ll go nice and slowly…”
The articulated lorry swept sideways, crushing the Watsons’ car in between it and another hauler. John’s parents were killed instantly.
‘I was,’ Sherlock admitted, his pulse starting to race. He always enjoyed this part, the questioning, negotiating, the build-up to the main event. His cock was already stirring, and he tried his best to ignore it. From behind him, John gave a soft snarl in the back of his throat. His hand moved down to Sherlock’s collar-bones, his other arm coming up to trail fingers up Sherlock’s thigh. Danger. ‘Nothing happened,’ he added.
“It’s a waste. A waste of someone… someone like you, you’re too - ” John’s mouth snapped shut in shock at himself. “Sorry. That was unprofessional.”
“With living here, you mean?”
“Alright. Get some sleep. Don’t dick around on your ipad all night, you’ll strain your eyes.”
Maybe.
“I’m fine…” Sherlock pushed himself up. His arms were covered in dusty dirt. “Your helmet works, anyway.” It was askew on his head, now with a crack in the plastic.
“You need to see what good your life has done in this world!”
“Why don’t you want me to be with him, Mycroft?”
“Anytime it hurts, you have to say,” John slicked up his fingers. “Even if… we’re well underway… if you suddenly think
“I love you,” Sherlock grabbed his wrists and shoved them up, either side of his head, kissing his jaw as John shuddered and went still, letting Sherlock scent his morning softness. “So much.”
“I’ll think about you.”
“Yes. No… No, I…” Sherlock looked up. “I know we can’t be… together… without you knowing. I can’t change who I am, even though I’m trying to. I just want… I want you to forget what you saw. I want you to forget the girl in that photo.”
Except then Sherlock.
John looked at the polished table-top, and didn’t answer.
didn’t want –”
John got up and dressed, and went into the kitchen. He braced himself as he took hold of the fridge door handle, ready for the usual horrors within.
The kettle clicked, steam spilling out through the kitchen.
“I know you never wanted this,” John wasn’t sure if he gestured at himself or not. He pushed off the fridge, and started walking. “I’ve got a headache. I’m going to bed.”
People were already crossing the road to avoid them, some of them giving John pitying looks. It was an open rumour that vampires were capable of glamouring humans to be in their service, either as servants, food, or… for other things.
“Hey,” John lay down next to him. “Started again?”
“Turn off your testosterone for one second,” John said, lifting his plate. “Can’t you see I’m trying to avoid a fight? I don’t want either of you at each other.”
Lestrade looked suddenly saddened. “Nothing?”
There wasn’t even a moment of hesitation.
“I love you.”
“Feel light-headed?”
John picked up his phone, and checked it. No messages. No calls.
“How long had that been going on?”
And then came one of the worst week’s of John’s life. A sudden outbreak of a virus, affecting very young babies. The ward was suddenly packed – there was nothing they could do.
They looked at each other in the cold night air. Sherlock’s nose was ever so slightly pink. John wanted to press a palm to it, to feel how cold it was. Oh
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock reached across the table, but John withheld his hands. “John… I have lived my whole life thinking that I didn’t care about om – about relationships,” he changed his words carefully, for which John was grateful. “You don’t act like – you act like a beta. You want to be one. You pass flawlessly as one. You intrigued me, and I enjoyed your company, and… John, I don’t regret what happened last night. Not at all. But to continue it…” he sighed. “I honestly don’t know what to do.”
He didn’t know how to do anything.
John was just finishing a sandwich and coffee as he marked papers when the knock to his door came, five minutes early. He rolled his eyes, and went to the door, meaning to ask Sherlock to come back five minutes later, but…
Mycroft tried to get hold of his faculties. “I – I see. I assumed… forgive me, Sherlock, I assumed you hadn’t properly –”
Sherlock sighed. “Perhaps. Or maybe they would be better off had I never been born.”
The worst cramp yet hit him like a car, knocking the omega to the ground. He moaned, bring his knees up in agony as passers-by stopped to stare.
John dragged a hand over his face. “The more I think about it, I don’t think he actually believed I would. Or… me leaving hurt him more than it hurt me. And it hurt me a lot. I used to… wake up crying in my bunk, because my mate wasn’t close. I used to get the shakes, and couldn’t eat, because I was alone, and I shouldn’t be. I got over it, but it took months, years. Maybe Sherlock couldn’t get over it. Maybe he doesn’t know how to cope with being alone. Is that what bonds are like, for alphas?”
Everyone was going to find out, sooner or later.
“Stuffy nose, slight heachache,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes.
“No, baby. No quite.” His gaze slid from John and John knew, without turning around, that at least one, possibly two other men had quietly approached from the other direction. His heart sank. One man, he could probably still handle, even in his condition. Two would be unlikely. Three was out of the question.
John blinked. “You think I’ve never killed anyone?”
“What do you know?” Lestrade’s eyes narrowed.
“Why didn’t he phone?” Sherlock dropped the curtain and stared through it as John got out of the cab, and stood on the pavement, holding his bag in one hand. “Why didn’t he say he was being discharged?”
“My father was scenting him. Intimately. On a regular basis.”
John stroked his back reassuringly. “It’s ok, Sherlock, we don’t –” his words were cut off by a strangled moan, as Sherlock’s curious fingers wrapped around his cock, and pulled experimentally. “Oh, fuck. Oh god, Sherlock.”
“Was?”
‘You can’t
“She can’t possibly keep it,” Mycroft said. “Eurus isn’t capable of looking after herself, let alone a child that may yet be born with genetic abnormalities.”
John’s fork slipped in his grasp at the same speed the blood drained out of his face. "How did you-"
John’s nose normally identified Sherlock’s scent as a familiar unbonded alpha, and a potential mate. He was used to that, and it was easy to almost ignore. But right now the scent was so strong it bypassed attractive and barrelled straight into Possible Threat.
“Didn’t though.” John reached a hand out, and Sherlock took it. His hand was cold. The vampire looked well enough, only frightened and worried. John cleared his throat without thinking, then groaned in pain.
John… John would probably be so upset. He had put so much effort into keeping Sherlock safe and well… and now he was here…
“Sex?”
“I think she’s taken drugs, love,” Jane sighed. “I’ll need to take some bloods to work out what, unless you know?”
Then guilt.
“Apologise for what?” Jim smirked.
Greg frowned, looking between the two of them. “Wait. What?”
He dressed, and went downstairs, where James had made toast, as well as tea.
‘That’s twice,’ John beamed. ‘Your cock’s going to snap off.’
John’s mouth went, silently.
His mate was cheating on him with some beta, and John couldn’t help but feel disgusted with the entire situation. On the one hand, he loved Sherlock, and didn’t regret their sex. On the other, he felt their frantic fuck was more than justified since Sherlock was seeing someone else. And on a third hand (John rolled his eyes at himself), Sherlock had felt so guilty afterwards that John felt guilty in response. The young man that had answered the door – Victor, apparently – had seemed happy and pleasant, and probably made Sherlock happy. He’d know Sherlock was bonded, presumably, and taking a risk with a bonded alpha was brave.
Sherlock stepped closer, until he was level with the foot of the bed. He took a steady breath, and let his dressing gown fall.
as John’s chair slammed against the floorboards. Sherlock looked at the judge, whose face was grave.
The feeling of power and surety flooded through Sherlock again. He did that! With only a look! Who else could say they had such control over a stranger? Sherlock was about to say something about how easy it was to make the teenager blush, when something surfaced in his brain.
“Tea?” Greg pushed his chair back as he stood.
“Good point.” John hummed as the masseuse started putting warm towels onto his legs and feet. “God, I think I’ve taken root. You’ll have to wheel me back to the car.”
“You shouldn’t.” Sherlock eyed the glass of yellowy liquid.
“I don’t smoke,” Sherlock held a hand up.
The judge nodded. “And a word from the defence?”
“We went to Greece.”
Sherlock’s parents didn’t have a chance to protest before the two boys were in the hall, kicking off their shoes and dropping their coats onto the floor before pelting upstairs.
John’s heart leapt.
A silence dropped over the flat, cold and uncomfortable.
“She’ll be outraged.”
listed.
"What do you care?" John pulled his pants and jeans on. "He's not hurting you, is he?"
John pulled him close, scenting at his hair and neck, kissing his face, tasting his tears. “I think you need to sober up, first,” he said. “And then… we need a chat. Ok?”
John marked a blob of yellow beside the ‘O’ student. An omega student. John was an alpha, and Official University Protocol insisted that he should never be alone with an omega student. If they needed one-to-one support, they would need to bring a chaperone, or meet in a public place. Not in the privacy of John’s tiny office.
“’hanks,” he managed to say.
When he looked into the mirror, he saw pieces of himself that he liked, but the whole picture was distressing. He looked like a girl who had gone wrong, not like a boy. He still had hips and breasts and a vagina. He’d skipped two periods in a row, though, which had been such a relief that it morphed into horror, and he worried about it coming on unexpectedly.
“Hm.” He dismissed the notification. The app had been an excellent investment for 99p. Knowledge was cheap, these days. He had seen the tiny scan pictures John brought home the other week, and you could almost make out that the thing in there was a human being. Or, would be, one day. John had put one of the pictures on the mantlepiece until he got nervous and took it down, worried Lestrade would burst in and see it and ask questions.
So sudden. So quick, it might have been missed, but it was there.
“Shut up,” Sherlock snarled, taking his textbook out.
He sighed, sitting up and opening his laptop. He opened the email account he’d set up earlier, and typed in the address selotaped to the wrist-rest.
“But...” John shook his head. “It makes you look as bad as they think you are. As bad as him, even. The other lads, the other soldiers here, they haven’t seen you being clever and quick, haven’t seen you being kind to Oliver when you didn’t have to. They just think you’re another vampire.”
“Maybe they do if they’re grown up.”
‘Two more days and you’ll feel right as rain,’ Mr Watson said. ‘Good timing, it being the holidays, really.’
Sherlock spent the first day in bed, reading through cold cases Lestrade emailed to him, and sleeping on and off. John Watson came in every hour to do his stats, and to exchange a bit of small-talk. Sherlock made it clear that he wasn’t in the mood for anything more. The doctor was happy, and didn’t push him. He made Sherlock feel safe, which made him feel worried, too. He didn’t want to make friends with this doctor. What would be the point?
“His words were ‘find John’.”
“You stayed all night,” he said, sleepily.
He stopped outside a television shop, and stared at the image onscreen.
John did the same. “Blank slate, Craig. That means you keep your own mouth to yourself, too.”
Sherlock shook his head. “No,” he said, in English. “You,” he added. “John…more… family name?”
Mycroft never moved.
“I can’t believe you’re living with him,” Sherlock blurted, after half an hour of silence. They were in the ultrasound room, John lying on the bed, hands folded on his stomach, giving the ceiling a good stare.
John left the room, deleting the picture he’d been sent as soon as he was out of sight. It was messing with his head. He didn’t care that Sherlock had boobs – lots of boys did, for starters, and John didn’t care, he really didn’t care. Sherlock was a boy, and that was all that mattered.
“This and that.” Sherlock sniffed. He fiddled with his lighter. “I was getting what I needed at the end of it, anyway. I was careful.”
The boy nodded. The suit must have been provided to make him look older. It had worked.
Somehow, he managed to stand, and to yank his pyjamas back on, and to start running a bath. Baths help with cramps, he remembered Ryan, the boy in his class, saying. He turned on the taps, and looked at himself in the mirror.
John’s dad gave a slow sigh. ‘Sometimes,’ he said sadly, ‘what we want just isn’t what we can have. And often enough, in life, it’s because of boring things like time, or other commitments. You learn that, as you get older – there’s just not enough time to do everything you want.’
“We won’t,” Sherlock covered both of John’s small hands in his pale, spidery one, the long fingers gripping over John’s like a vice. “That’s not going to happen, John.”
Then Sherlock was sitting up.
“Only in his primary gender. And he’s getting older, isn’t he? He’ll be six, soon?”
“Victor –”
John had to smile.
They had to part for a moment, then.
He nodded, and straightened himself up. “Sorry. I just… I didn’t know. That.”
Sherlock nodded. “What did they say?”
“I am,” Sherry spat. “Did you think I was immune to Eurus? No… only you’ve ever been immune to her, and do you know why? It’s because you don’t love anyone, Mycroft. You have things you like, and people you enjoy
“Because it’s hard, ok?” John perched on the end of the sofa, beside Sherlock’s legs. “It’s hard, see you trying to fit as much in as you can, and knowing that there shouldn’t really be room for me, and I get mad at myself for wishing there was room, and…” he threw his hands up a little. “God, you know, I hadn’t heard from you in
“There’s always tomorrow.”
The vampire gently put the limb down again. “I’m going to finish you in front of him,” he said conversationally. “Make him see the life leave your eyes. So he knows he’s not the only one to have tasted your blood.” He smiled again. “If you’re bored, I can divert blood to other places, you know? Maybe there’s not enough for you to be able to see what happens, but you could feel it. If it hasn’t started rotting already.” He looked at John’s crotch, and John felt sick. “Hm, best not to risk it,” the vampire shrugged. “As fun as it would be, I doubt we have the time.” He patted John on the head. “Not long to wait, darling. You’ll be dead soon. Don’t you worry.”
“Morning,” he took a seat and helped himself to brown toast.
“By all means…” Mycroft lifted the plastic vanity from the wheeled table, and went to hold it at the end of Sherlock’s bed.
“Er, yes. Two, in fact,” Siger said, not knowing quite how to deal with a child who hadn’t addressed him as ‘sir’, and looked as though he might run between his legs and straight into the hall.
“I believe you,” John said. He looked up at Sherlock, watching him wipe his face, and give a sort-of smile. “I believe you, and I’ll help you as much as I can.”
“Miscalculated?”
“Yeah…” Victor was clearly as affected as John, with the wild stares. A dark scent not unlike woodsmoke mixed with his immature alpha smell. It vanished quickly into the air, but it made John’s fists clench. Victor wanted Sherlock. That was lust. Fuck.
They drove through town, and out into the country, where the houses got larger, and further apart. There were fields dotted with patches of woodland, and the old pit top, where john had suggested they cycle to, in the distance. The sky was dark grey with winter, and the air misted against the windows as it met their breath.
Then screwed up his face, fighting back the horrible, sick feeling of
“I think it was necessary,” Sherlock murmured. “I would not have been fair with my judgment otherwise.” He took a swig of his smoothie and crossed his feet at the ankles, resting comfortably against the counter. “How is the choreography going with Soo Lin? Do you feel as though you are still compatible?”
“This is quite a bad day for you.”
John’s eyebrows perked up as he watched Sherlock in the mirror. “You think so?”
"That was meant to serve a point, was it not?"
“Sorry? I’m real? I’m standing in front of you, aren’t I?” Sherlock was right, a mouthy twat indeed. John wondered if it occurred to
Tears stung his eyes. John didn’t know how his tear ducts still functioned. He had cried more than humanly possible the last three months. “Sherlock, there’s something I need to tell you.”
Aisle twelve. Milk.
“I’ve let myself love you, and in turn, have introduced misery into our friendship. How could I ever expect you to wait here for me, two years longer, when I was the idiot that left you in the first place? I have not even asked if the emotional aspects were reciprocated.”
And just as he thought John was winding down, passing off to someone else, he dropped to the floor, resting back onto his hands. In a flurry of movement, John entire weight was settled on his forearms and wrists. Sherlock laughed, slack-jawed, as John began to break dance.
“How did he even know who I was?”
“You think I have that ring so I can propose to someone else?”
Molly met her at the door and wrapped her up in a tight squeeze. “Hey, love,” she whispered in her ear. She tucked the lengthening blonde hair back from Jane’s face. Her friend met her with a small smile, and she stepped inside, a woven bag slung over her shoulder. Molly grinned.
- Pub Scene
“That would be wonderful, thank you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It was Sherlock’s reserved laughter, the sound his gloves made when he pulled them from his longest finger, the clank of the door knocker on 221b. It was the kiss of snow onto melted sidewalk, the shriek of the kettle, the unfolding of stationary. The rustle of sheets, the parting of lips, the drunken laughter of a Christmas Eve. The quiet of London at night, the crunching of leaves under loafers, the tinking of microscope slides.
Sherlock packed up his few belongings he had with him. Being on a mission in Iraq and then ending up on a base in Afghanistan, rather than back in his flat, had not left him with much.
Sherlock slung his small bag over his shoulder and rammed into John’s side on the way out. He was so glad to get out of this fucking sun, away from bland and neutral things. Ready for a proper shower and some fucking air conditioning. This was bullshit. Who sends a man in need of serious medical attention to a goddamn desert, anyway? Fuck Mycroft. This was his fault. Sherlock would humble him upon his arrival home.
“Hello. I’m sorry to interrupt. I had not originally planned a speech, and Molly, of course, in her never ending kindness, had not requested I make one. But I’m Jane Jesep, Molly’s maid of honor. And while I don’t know many of you very well, I just wanted to pipe up and say that in all my life, which I am aware hasn’t necessarily been that long, but humor me…” the room gave a soft laugh and John smiled up at her. “I have never before witnessed the kind of love that exists around Callum and Molly. I think many people walk through their lives every day, believing this sort of love is not a tangible thing: I most certainly believed that. Spent five years of my life believing it, in fact. So I guess my point… what is my point?” John laughed and nodded, encouraging her to continue. “My point is that Molly and Callum are two fantastic human beings, of course, but they would only be two decent humans if it were not for those that love them. Thank you for being here with them today, and know that your love, in some small way, has contributed to their incredible character and perhaps has guided them to find one another. And a particular shout out to John Watson. For he loves them the most of all I have met, perhaps even better than I.” She held back a sob and looked to Molly. “I love you Molly Everett. Jesus, that’s going to take some getting used to. And Callum, I love you as well. These last few months would have felt impossible had it not been for the three of you. You have healed me and I am so honored to know you. A small toast to incredible people, incredible evenings and incredible beverages. Drink up!”
John ran his hands through his sandy hair. It was getting too long. It was incredible how much hotter an extra inch of hair can make a man in a desert. He laced his boots, checked that all his patches were in place, and then made his way to the barracks to perform a routine check. He lingered in the doorway as the soldiers stood at attention. He paced the length of the room. “At ease.” His squadron fell to parade rest. Captain John Watson. Since when had he become a leader? A peacekeeper worth fearing?
“No, fantastic was the word, if I—”
doing with something so…”
noun: deduction
“Only at your assent.”
- City and Colour
Captain Watson received two letters that morning. One was expected, the other…
flat, hands in each others' hair, lips swollen and pink. Sherlock ran his thumb across John’s right brow, gentle and caressing. Watson’s breathing was ragged with excitement.
I'm not ready to go.
Sherlock chuckled. His voice was echoing in John’s ear, melted gold: “Should we, um, get out of here?”
“Dunno what the hell I’m doing, Jane. Totally uncharted waters for me.”
“Yeah well, something had to change.”
the inherent nature or essence of someone or something.
Sherlock lifted his pint, smirking. “And failing Microbial Genetics.”
Jane stopped her arse shaking whilst standing on Molly and Callum’s couch. “What?!”
“Tea, and then chat?” Molly asked.
Within minutes of watching Sherlock fall apart under his own touch and John’s torment as well, the doctor reached out, shifting his weight to Sherlock’s shoulder, pressing him down into mattress as his thrusts became more erratic. He was on the cusp and Jesus fucking Christ there was nothing better than this slice of fucking heaven underneath him... of this, John was certain.
Suddenly, the dancers split from their formation, each of them moving out closer to the edge of their circle, creating a triangle between the three of them. The blonde gave a curtsy to Sherlock, turned and winked to John, and crossed her legs suddenly, somehow finding air in the process. Her feet lifted from the ground and returned with a stomp. Her stomach was on full view, a cropped, white tee shirt covering the necessities, and her pants resembled sweats. One diagonal zipper rested on each thigh, and they clung to her ankles and tucked into a pair of black, high top Converse. She was absent of jewelry, a thin streak of black eyeliner her only makeup. The girls fluxed back and forth between the ring and the V arrangement, before finally stopping at the last line, chests heaving, and a smile specific to each girl plastered on their faces. The audience hollered loudly, clapped, and John joined them.
Sherlock sipped his rum and coke, his free hand sifting through John’s hair. “It’s gotten so long. Will they make you cut it when you return?”
John laughed. It was a short, bitter, hateful sound. He handed the clipping to his commanding officer. “Better than ever.”
“Goodbye, Mr. Watson. It was nice to see you again.”
“Yes ma’am… I am.” Jane reached for the woman’s hand and felt the burn of tears welling at the corners of her eyes and the flinch of her throat closing, stinging. “I am so sorry, Mrs. Evans.” She felt John next to her, strong and comforting, as he clutched her shoulder firmly. The woman across from her returned the gesture, gripping at Jane’s hand until the skin at her knuckles turned white. The smile on her face was small, defeated.
, she mouthed.
“I suppose I should eat. What’s the time?”
“The first night we met, we hardly met.”
Callum put his finger to his mouth and made a gagging sound. John smacked him hard on the shoulder, and his friend chuckled.
“Oh, look at that, Sherlock. Someone is playing a game with you. How handsome they all are!” Irene’s nails touched to her lips as she watched them.
John ran his hands through his sandy hair. It was getting too long. It was incredible how much hotter an extra inch of hair can make a man in a desert. He laced his boots, checked that all his patches were in place, and then made his way to the barracks to perform a routine check. He lingered in the doorway as the soldiers stood at attention. He paced the length of the room. “At ease.” His squadron fell to parade rest. Captain John Watson. Since when had he become a leader? A peacekeeper worth fearing?
e·phem·er·al
“I heard that.”
do you even exist?” He swiped his finger across the screen.
Sherlock stared.
“I like him.” Callum shrugged his shoulders and wrung his hands, a nervous laugh following the statement.
John heard the violin. He closed his eyes and laughed softly. The first few notes rang true and familiar: Shine, by Collective Soul. This was the first of a million times he would cry today. He was certain. He lifted his lids to the sound of creaking doors and gasped at the sight.
Not entirely new. Not appallingly new. Not earth-shattering, deal-breaking, but-dear-god-I’m-straight-new. John wasn’t wrapped up in that, not at the moment. Sherlock was shrugging himself into his coat and smiling small into his chest, like he’d just taken hostage of the most precious, perfect secret to keep all for himself. John stepped forward on impulse, extending his hand to caress Sherlock’s cheek with the pad of his thumb. It wasn’t a gesture that should have filled every crevice of his body, but he felt electrocuted all the same. Sherlock’s face fell quiet. His eyes grew the smallest degree larger on his face, his mouth in a straight but curious line, a tiny furrow forming between those wonderfully expressive brows. “John?” It was a soft sound, a tender endearment. John had never heard his name spoken in such a way, an equivalent of “love” or “sweetheart.” Sherlock spoke his name like he had done it for years, like it was slotted in the common vocabulary center of his mind palace, an autocorrect for a million other words. John’s heart fluttered at the single syllable. He smiled and tucked a stray lock of Sherlock’s mostly cropped hair from his forehead. This was different.
She laughed. “I’ll take that as a yes, then.”
“These are gorgeous, Mols. You are so fucking gorgeous.”
: Real Housewives of Orange County
“Touch yourself.” Though it was low and quiet, it didn’t lose a hint of its demand.
“I felt that obscene gesture, Jane Jesep. Shame on you.” He ran the sink and dropped the dishes in. Jane joined him on the other side, smiling.
How did he have access to this? John let his mouth fall open, only a minute amount, as he savored the idea of being able to touch this perfect creation, pet him, kiss him, treasure him, tease him. His eyes rested on the hard carved lines that, for all intents and purposes, served as a runway to John’s intended docking area. He looked on without shame as Sherlock grew hard underneath the upscale fabric of his trousers. John knew Sherlock adored being gazed upon, especially in the current ruthless fashion he was demonstrating. “Come to the foot of the bed, my love,” John murmured. With that, Sherlock came closer to John, who was still comfortable amongst the pillows, and hard as stone.
“Right, then.”
“God, yes.”
“Would you mind if I borrowed one?”
“It would have killed me, too, if you died, John Watson.”
The song changed. It was one of John’s favorites, a beautiful, acoustic version of a popular radio hit.
Sherlock was breathing his air, mouth centimeters from John. His hand ticked upward to drag lithe fingers across John’s chest, nails finding his skin at the shoulder, peeling away one side of his undone flannel. He worked his way behind John, leaning his back against John’s solid one, and dipped low. John’s breath went ragged at the feeling of Sherlock’s hands on the backs of his thighs, creeping steadily upward.
"Alright, well this is embarrassing. Moving on."
He glanced into Molly’s eyes, and the pieces clicked together. She squeezed his hand gently. “Don’t fret, Callum. He’ll sort through it. He’s got you.”
How many tunnels did these termites need? He was horribly lost and trying to repress the frenzy that was welling from his heart, spreading like venom through his entire body. He focused on snow, his sheets at Baker Street, Billy the skull, Sherlock watching out the window, face calm and knowing, waiting for his return. He thought of the thin, silver band still housed in the drawer of his side table.
John blushed and ducked his head.
He lifted his hand to touch him, but pulled away. What happens when he does? John imagined breaking a spell: Aurora waking up, confused and uncertain. Why was he in his bed? Oh, but John liked him here… Loved those long legs hanging over the foot board, one arm folded up under the pillow, serene face directed at the window. The moon kissed Sherlock in all the best places. His cheeks, his full, pouty bottom lip, his shirtless shoulder and muscle of his oblique, and two, sweet dimples dead center in his lower back, right above the elastic band of his cotton pyjamas. Watson loved the way he fit next to him in the bed. He had kicked the covers down to the foot board. John silently watched his back move with his breathing. He was the most beautiful thing John had ever seen.
“We have it good, haven’t we, John?” He saw the tears welling in Callum’s eyes, too, as he soaked in the tail end of the sunrise.
John nodded, beaming from below. Sherlock turned back into himself for a while longer, relishing in the quiet and the captain’s stabilizing presence. They hardly knew one another. Perhaps eight days? And John Watson was already acknowledging character traits, and apparently flaws, of his. That puzzled him. No one was ever quite close or observant enough to draw conclusions about Sherlock, and certainly unable to speak of his habits or frequent behaviors. Sherlock didn’t have friends, and he certainly had not intended to start anytime soon.
John leaned back to glance down the hall. Sherlock chuckled at his expression.
“Pleasure. I loved the choreography. And that song. What was it?”
“Shezza!” John looked up at the sound of a male voice, bristling a bit despite himself. A tall, dirty-blonde broke through the crowd near them and clapped Sherlock on the shoulder. It seemed genial.
“I didn’t mean it like that. I just meant. Well. I thought you’d… you know,
Sherlock hummed in response, and rested his head back into the cushions of the sofa. “Jane is quite lovely.”
“No. The original cast is the only cast I enjoy watching.”
I want to keep working this story -- any ideas or thoughts you have in mind for our amazing men, please share! As always, thank you for reading my little story, and for your magnificent patience with my delayed update!
“It’s not that Eccleston is gone. Don’t get me wrong, he was a fantastic doctor. I just feel so badly for Rose. I think Clara is the only other companion that had to watch their Doctor die, or regenerate... 9 isn't much like 10. That must be so hard. I couldn’t imagine…”
*Dari is the most common language spoken in Afghanistan
It's hardly worth mentioning.
“Would you like to go with me to Molly and Callum’s today?”
Molly gave him a cheeky grin. “You know what we say about coincidence.” She assessed him once again, then looked back to the screen.
*First Day of my Life, Bright Eyes
XoX, hamishh
| Bartender at the Duke and Duchess, Imperial graduate, previously an exotic dancer. Drives
She tucked her head further into his chest, turning to place a whisper of a kiss on his arm. He planted one on the top of her head in return. Callum continued to mull through the photos.
“It’s a good one, yeah.”
Sherlock smiled and tilted his chin up. “And so Callum had to learn.”
“Sorry?”
Sherlock wiggled the key into the lock of 221b, laughter spilling out of his beautiful mouth. John was pink-cheeked and buzzing. The door swung open and they began to trod up the stairs.
Jane looked John in the eye, blue eyes wet with happy tears, and then she shot a bird at his back as he walked into the kitchen.
“Now that isn’t entirely true, John. Don’t be so dramatic.” John glanced up and saw Sherlock with a steaming cuppa. The tears leaked out of the corners of his eyes. Sherlock gave him a small smile and extended the hot beverage. “This’ll help. Doctor’s orders.”
John woke to a world of white and the beeping of machines. He lolled his head from side to side, and, after deciding it was safe, fell back into a catatonic sleep.
John rapped on the door that led into the other part of the flat. It swung open and Sherlock was in gray, plaid pyjamas and the blue dressing robe. Watson’s heart clenched at the beautiful familiarity of it. So much about Sherlock was different, but then, nothing was. “You don’t need to knock. Please. Help yourself.”
“See? I told you they’d be great,” Molly whispered into Callum’s ear.
John returned with an equal ferocity. The heat of the water had started to wane, and John tilted Sherlock’s chin back, delicately tracing the lines of Sherlock’s veins and arteries in his neck as he rinsed the soap out of his hair. The tap was cut off, and they took flannels to their hair. John smiled at the wet strands plastered to Sherlock’s forehead, the rest mussed and disheveled. He kissed the smirk off Sherlock’s face.
“That’s it, then?”
“I’m sorry if I woke you, John.”
“Quite right. Perhaps I’m…” John sucked in air as Sherlock bit playfully at his ear, “dishing out all the good compliments far too soon.”
“You know I don’t have time—”
(See the end of the chapter for
| Accountant, short term fling of John Watson, meddlesome, selfish and ungrateful.
Meet the characters of Satin Stripes
(of several people or things) come together from different directions so as eventually to meet.
When we are young, we are taught there is an order to so many things in life, the timing of your passing being one of them. We are taught that we are the last to go: first grandparents, then parents and finally us, as we leave our children or spouses on earth and trail away into whatever happens next. When order is disrupted, chaos occurs. Jane set her eyes on the back of Sam’s mother, her posture tall and strong, and felt something spiral loose inside her. How would it feel, to bury your beautiful child? To know he was snatched from you before you were ready to let go, and worse still, before he was able to even live? She saw Sam in the cafeteria, socking a bastard in the face for pushing a physically disabled boy’s wheelchair into the neighboring table. She saw him tying his girlfriend’s trainers after her lacrosse incident, carrying her pack and purse around school to make her crutches easier to use. Sam in the ceramics room, mopping the floors after wheel day even though he hated clay and was truly quite trash at all of it. Sam outside his maths teacher’s door, body trembling in anger as the instructor stuck a finger in his face and commented on his laziness and his parents’ lack of involvement. Sam in the principal’s office, always leaving on good terms, always respectful of those who earned his respect, always putting others’ needs before his own.
He placed a soft kiss on her cheek and turned to climb onto the bus. She waved as Callum took the window seat. He blew her a kiss, and then proceeded to punch Wesley, likely for a comment having to do with being too affectionate. She laughed, crawled back into her sedan, and headed back to the flat.
"If you don't tell me what it means, I will leave. And I will not come back." Sherlock placed his hand back at John's wrist, twisting it gently to reveal the tiny word on his pale, veined forearm.
- Incubus
It was one thing on the stage: he was unattainable, placed above all those that watched him, and it was understood that he was more divine there than most humans could dream of being. But as John watched on, the coy expression on Sherlock’s face causing a rush of blood to the most obvious of places, John was even more impressed. Here, Sherlock was so much like everyone else. Looks aside, of course, he dressed the part, talked the part, and sure as fuck danced the part. In fact, John was convinced even Sherlock’s acting couldn’t sell something like this if it weren’t at least partially true. John grinned at the realization that the case they were on tonight was Sherlock’s own. He had decided to let John in on a delicious secret: this wasn’t a lie. Or a case. Or a game. It was Sherlock, and he was so perfectly human.
Jane smiled and nodded, taking the steps two at a time. B followed close behind as they ventured into the kitchen.
“How’re you feeling? I was a bit worried about you last night.”
“You look defeated. Even if you are, don’t let the others catch on.” He winked at her, and tucked a stray fringe of her bangs behind her ear. “Best thing Callum ever taught me. Our mantra. It’ll pass. You’re beautiful and clever and kind. And a teacher. You change lives every day, Jane. The world won't stop for us. Trust me, I know.” John clenched his jaw to check his emotions, as these words rang true even for him, even now. “So don’t let it suck you in. Stay above it. Chin high, shoulders square.” Jane obeyed, dramatically jutting her chin as far in the air as she could. They both laughed, tension easily dissolving around the warm sound. John gently kissed her cheek and extended an arm.
“I have never performed a rehearsal the way I did tonight.”
“John Watson, are you embarrassed? That
John scoffed, wiping his nose stubbornly with a crumpled napkin. He then placed his hands palm up and shrugged his shoulders:
Sherlock stood in the kitchen, feet freezing on the tiled floor. “Yes, that would be good,” he answered hesitantly. John extended the cup to him before leaning in and planting a soft kiss to Sherlock’s cheek. “Thank you, John.”
“Off you go, get comfortable. Do you need any help changing or tending to your… your…”
“Five years. Five fucking years.”
The blonde passed him on the way to the hall without looking at him and nodded. “Yeah.”
“There’s something I want to show you.”
“Three weeks from today.”
“If you need help with finals, I’m an excellent tutor in all scientific areas… obviously.” And with that, Sherlock handed John Watson a business card and headed across the lawn. He stood stock still in the middle of the concrete path, watching the trench coat billow as Sherlock moved. So that’s why he wore it, even in May. What a drama queen.
“Yes, earlier today, actually. Sherlock and I went to visit with the Everetts. She was there.”
“Mols. You look amazing.” She blushed at that. “I have something for you. I thought it might, I dunno, calm your nerves.” He extended the envelope to her, and then wrapped his arms tightly around Molly. As he kissed her cheek, he whispered, “This is better than winning the International Cup. Straight from his mouth. As he was in tears.”
“You make me better. It’s a silly concept, I know. Thinking loving someone can make you a better person. But it must. Because all the amazing things that have happened in my life happened when you were with me.” Sherlock blinked and John watched his eyes redden. “Any courage I have ever shown, and hard decisions ever made, anything worth celebrating or being proud of, you were there. By my side. My companion, through time and space, fear and fearlessness, easy and difficult.” Sherlock squeezed John’s hand tightly and bit his bottom lip. “You taught me to observe my surroundings, to appreciate the tiniest details and acknowledge that they, in fact, can change
Sherlock began to trot down the steps, pulling his coat tighter around his thin frame, and turned right towards the main street, likely to hail a cab home. John watched him rub a hand around his forearm and took two tentative steps down his stairs. Then he was on the sidewalk, jogging towards him, and he wrapped his hand round Sherlock’s elbow, giving him a gentle tug. Sherlock turned to face him, a sweet surprise unfolding on his face. “I just…” John slipped one hand to the small of Sherlock’s back, the other to his jaw, cupping his face, fingertips brushing into the dark hair. To his surprise, Sherlock unfurled his hands from his coat pockets, one set of cold fingers finding the warm pulse of John’s neck and the other gripping his hip. They met in a tentative way; John felt Sherlock everywhere around him, not just in the places they connected. He was warm; every breath felt like it was captured in the space around them, completely still and unmoving. John was sure he was in a vortex; all he could comprehend was how close he was to Sherlock, that their lips were touching, that he smelled of Thai leftovers, endorphins, and earthy pine. The hand cupping Sherlock’s face pulled him closer, a little firmer, a little more confident. John felt like he was finally crawling back into his own body; he was tired of seeing everything as it was happening, he just wanted to kiss Sherlock and feel it in his spine, in his toes, in every miserable, aching atom of his body. Their lips met again, both with more fervor, more intention. Sherlock’s fingers dug deeper into John’s hip, pulling him flush to his body, his other arm shifting to wrap around John’s neck, heat radiating from every inch of him. Suddenly John felt dizzy and a new sort of need hit him deep in his chest, following through the veins and arteries of his body, a new energy filling him up. John wrapped an arm across Sherlock’s back, resting it at the nape of his neck, pulling him closer. Could he melt into him? He was damn well going to try. They were snogging right there, in the middle of the street, and John didn’t give a flying fuck. This tender, perfect being was wrapped up in his arms; John’s hand was slowly moving down Sherlock’s left side, counting the ribs as he went, lips moving in a languid and perfect unison. He was in flames. They were burning blue together, John could feel it. He pulled away, reluctantly, and stared into the eyes of this creature that now held John Watson’s complete and undivided attention. Sherlock’s lips were pink and parted, arousal and surprise mixed together in lethal combination on his face. John knew then that this was it. He was it. Fuck.
idea. How incredible is this?!”
Sherlock stared at the page. Several minutes passed. He ran his hands across the water stained pages,
, the frantic state of his handwriting. Sherlock felt like he had betrayed John.
“Are you always so vulgar?”
John's sleeves, a WIP.
“If anyone has seen or heard you perform, they must know you feel quite a lot. Perhaps too much.”
“Yes, actually. Damn good. Probably better than me, but don’t you dare tell him that.” John took a sip of his soda and set it down on the coaster, tugging some of Sherlock’s blanket over his knees.
“Yes. She certainly is. Quite fond of you as well. Of us.”
Or is this all?
Sherlock began winding through the warehouse, John following closely behind. The music was nearly deafening, filling up every cell in John’s body. The space was large, two of the four walls lined with garage bays, and large, colored lights hung from the industrial steel of the roof. It was crowded, but not like many clubs, where there’s no room to breathe or move and the whole place smelled of sweaty sex and booze. John grinned. This place felt clean. Easy. Fun.
“Hello.” Sherlock felt a smirk pull at the right corner of his mouth as he stared down at the papers sprawled out in front of him, tiny gestural drawings scribbled in layers. “I’d like an Imperial Stout, please.” Oh. That was a lovely sound. Melodic and low and assertive. “Yes, on draft would be quite alright.” And so polite. Sherlock watched in fascination as gooseflesh crawled across his forearm. He tilted his head, cropped hair shifting with it, so he could better see John out of his peripheral vision. John had made his way up onto a stool, and Sherlock felt his brows furrow. Where was Callum? They were in Ireland, not parading around London. Sherlock could hardly believe John knew this area as well as he knew home. Why was he out alone? Sherlock pushed the lock button on his mobile and reexamined the date. They had a match tomorrow; their first in the International Cup, if he remembered correctly. The bartender set the beverage in front of John, and Sherlock turned to see John dead on, watching the muscles of his forearms tense as he clutched the mug and brought it to his lips. Sherlock felt heat around his neck and chest, a particularly annoying symptom that correlated with John Watson's presence. He was about to turn his attention back to his work when a brunette approached John at the counter. Sherlock continued to observe, seeing this as an opportunity to answer a lingering and particularly overbearing question he had tried to deduce earlier, quite unsuccessfully he might add. She flipped her hair over her shoulder as she propped an elbow on the bar, body turned toward John. Sherlock felt his nose wrinkle in disapproval at her proximity, and how forward she was with her intentions. He watched John’s eyes as they turned to hers; he laughed and began to chat her up. Sherlock had just felt the oncoming stone settling in the pit of his stomach when John looked past her and straight at him. He averted his eyes, far too late to avoid the burn of John’s drown-in-me blues and cursed himself for ever looking up in the first place. He tapped his pencil on the paper erratically and took a large swallow of his beverage.
Sherlock’s eyes blinked once, twice. He opened them wide, momentarily panicked at his location. He felt the heavy hand thrown carelessly about his waist. He slipped out from under it, quickly and quietly, knowing John was in the middle of a deep sleep cycle. Sherlock stood by the side of John’s bed, resting his back against the still-shaded wall of the room.
Soo Lin was his best bet thus far. The last audition took the stage. Sherlock opened Jim Moriarty’s file and thumbed through his impressive and extensive resume. Sherlock took the man in, a bit on the shorter side, pale and thin, dark brown hair. His face was gaunt in nature, eyes hidden in the deep set sockets, and Sherlock found him to be intriguing. He waved his hand dismissively, allowing the music to begin.
“Oh what now? I'm in shock! Look, I've got a blanket.”
Molly rolled her eyes from the couch.
The next slip had no envelope. It was a simple piece of grid paper, folded into quarters. The top left quadrant read:
“Hello. I’m Captain Watson. I’ve taken over this shift. I’m just going to check your vitals and let you continue resting.”
“Until recently?” He asked, as delicately as he could.
436 days.
“You are quite nervous. Goodness. That bad?”
Now. I normally do all songs first. Today, I am putting them all at the end, because SPOILERS, SWEETHEART. So don't cheat, read it all first, then listen. :)
Three minutes later, the phone buzzed and then rang again. John sat up in bed, rubbed his hand over his eyes and grabbed the phone. “’ullo?”
“Can you… can you come get me?”
The last parcel nearly broke John’s heart. It was tear-stained, and the writing was barely legible. Some of the letters connected together, speaking to the frenzy it was written in. And he swore. Sherlock only saves foul words for two very special occasions: absolute fury and precious drunkenness. John never thought he could see his best friend’s name and associate it so closely with agony.
“John. What?! I have to see this.”
“No, I found the keys in a cab on the way over to the studio.”
Soo Lin stood and exited the room, gifting Sherlock a sweet grin on the way out. Molly gathered up the papers from the table and turned in her chair to face Sherlock. “How are you?” she asked timidly. She fidgeted with her tights, picking at the runs and fuzzes.
“Goodnight, Sherlock Holmes.”
“Indeed, it is. And please, call me John.”
The entire room began to laugh and whoop as the first notes of the song came on. John began to circle her; she tried her hardest not to laugh as the man gave her a sexy look each time he passed, while she sang the first verse from her seat in the chair, crossing and uncrossing her legs, waving her finger in the air. She found her feet, and John walked straight up to her until their noses were nearly touching, using his hands to outline the shape of Jane’s body. She gave him a shove in the center of his chest, hardly enough to push him far, but he feigned a look of shock. Jane continued to sing, and John stripped himself of his jacket, rolling up his sleeves, hounds tooth suspenders bright against his plain white button up. Egan, Violet, and Jess cat-called from the floor. Molly and Callum were nearly bent in half, eyes nearly pinched shut from laughter. Jane dragged her French manicured hands across John’s chest, doing a small twist of her hips as she lowered herself closer to the floor. John placed his hand over hers on his chest, pulling it away, and twisting her as she worked her back up. Jane nestled her back into John’s chest, and they did a small two step together that way, his arm wrapped around her shoulder and interlocking with her hand at her hip. She unwrapped herself and dropped John’s hand, then sat him down in the chair forcibly, spinning her way to the back. Jane grabbed his shoulders with her fingers, leaning in close to his ear, and continued to sing. Her right hand found its way into his mussed hair, giving a gentle tug until his neck was exposed, then she let go, taking a seat in his lap, arm wrapped around him, as the song ended.
“You know I’m not planning to—”
“Come in and sit, then. I’m not going to read standing up.”
He found Sherlock’s chin, and pulled him forward, only to plant a chaste kiss on his lips.
John smiled, the first one in nearly three hours. “When you are, boys.”
“Brave woman. You are a kind-spirited individual though, filled with a strong desire to not only help develop strong artists, but strong people. It has been a struggle, your adjustment to this year’s student body. Has it not?”
and rubbed himself down, in awe of the pleading in Sherlock’s eyes. He focused on his breathing to prevent pushing into his own hand.
. Or then again, no, actually, you don’t, which is equally a problem. Hand over the key, please.”
John pulled the headphones from his ears, and rose from his cot. He made his way into the hall and walked up to a wash station. Cupping his hands, he splashed water on his face, through his hair. He snagged a towel and stepped into one of the pitiful stalls, drawing a thin canvas sheet closed as he undressed. He knew they had no temperature control, and he was only allotted six minutes of water. He turned the handle and the murky water began to pour from the makeshift shower head. As he ran the bar of soap over all the important areas, he contemplated what he would send Sherlock in return.
“What are we to do on your first night of your first leave?” Sherlock said mischievously.
“In case you were wondering, and I know you are, he asked me if I loved you.”
Jim stopped, resting his hands on his hips, menacing grin taking his lips. Sherlock shivered. “Thank you for coming. You’ll be hearing from me within the week.”
It has become too difficult
come from different directions and meet at (a place).
“Come off it, I saved you.”
This chapter is small, but it's a chapter and the important thing is that
by Gabrielle Aplin
John practically stopped breathing. Mycroft was a different realm of human all together. If Sherlock had admitted his love to his all-powerful big brother, John knew this was, in fact, something fierce.
“Yes.” Jane was quickly beginning to realize she didn’t want his company after all. Would he understand? “Sam was killed last night,” she blurted, her voice already cracking.
“We should
John took a deep breath and rolled out of bed.
“Erm… shit. They’re oddly named. T… Tra genes and… the other one has a T in it, also. Shit. Oh! OriT! And... they allow the bacterium to form a mating pair with the other organism!”
is a rugby term, similar to a side line and marks out of bounds.
Jane rested her head on the doorframe, assessing herself in the bathroom mirror. She looked tired. She reached for her denim trench resting on the chair in front of her vanity and slid each arm in, wrapping it tightly against the black chiffon fabric of her dress. Jane stood there for a moment, her arms around her waist, holding herself tight. Otherwise she felt as if she might disappear entirely.
I select these:
John stood next to Sherlock in the kitchen, surveying the amazing moments in life they had managed to pick up and keep with them. Sherlock glanced down at him, his eyes warm and mellow. They delivered dinner to the table and pulled out the chairs for their guests.
Owen, not batting an eyelash, looked Sherlock up and down and replied, “I thought you were meant to be good looking. If that’s the best John could do for your face, you need a new doctor, mate.”  They had got on splendidly after that.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock said quietly when everyone was finally leaving. Mycroft frowned at the fading bruises on Sherlock’s face and stepped over to him. Talking about Moriarty, John assumed; there was a leak someplace, if it wasn’t Owen’s two missing men. He couldn’t see Sherlock, whose back was to John, but he saw Mycroft’s eyes rest on Sherlock with quiet, intent concern. When Sherlock finished Mycroft nodded, glanced at John, appeared to think better of whatever he had been about to say, and instead gave him a small nod. He tapped off down the stairs and the flat fell abruptly, startlingly silent.
John stumbled up the steep path after the scrambling boy, clutching at a stitch in his side and thinking that he really might need the helicopter to pick him up when this was over. God, and he’d thought he was in shape. The path leveled a little and curved around a jagged spur of rock, and then the boy cried out frantically and bolted forward. John saw his quarry a little way ahead, sitting on the ground leaning back against a large rock: a curly-haired, ashen woman, clutching at her leg.
“You can’t do this,” he said without preamble. “What are you thinking? He’s not one of your agents; he’s a high-strung genius who can barely look after himself in London. He’s impatient, he’s twitchy, he fidgets when he’s nervous and he can’t even shoot straight! He’s fucking
Sherlock shrugged, still looking away. “I saw the deleterious effect it had on others and decided such things were better avoided.”
There was a brief silence. “John.” Sherlock’s whisper was at once quiet and loud, as though he had placed his lips very near the phone and then barely breathed the words.
“No,” Sherlock said, moving forward. “No, this isn’t right, this room is too small, you’ve got the wrong room…”
“Don’t know yet.” John shrugged, almost lightly. “I might join an aid organization, or I might go home and drink myself to death. I haven’t made up my mind.” He looked back at Sherlock one last time and for an instant Sherlock saw the pain in his eyes. He opened his mouth, then shook his head, shut it, and walked out without another word.
“Sorry about the sleeve,” he said, when he had got the sling back on.
. That would do nicely. The application date was in only three days, but Sherlock had always thrived under pressure; he would be fine. He just need to get back to the phones in time to catch his father before his mother came home—Father was always easier to talk round than Mummy, who tended to ask too many shrewd questions.
“The gun used to shoot Singleton was found at the scene,” Sherlock explained. “Unregistered, no serial number. I assume you got it for him?”
“I want curry,” John said grimly, so they went for Indian and he had to cope with Sherlock’s anguished expression every time he took a bite of butter chicken.
“So tell me about this party,” Molly said, settling into the cab.
“Of course you remember,” Mycroft said from where he was lounging in the doorway. “You were seven years old, you weren’t
he wrapped his hand around John, sliding his foreskin back the rest of the way and rubbing his thumb over the frenulum in a way that made John’s hips buck up of their own volition. “You’ve thought about other things too, haven’t you,” Sherlock breathed directly into John’s ear. “Things you can’t admit even to yourself. You’ve thought about sucking my cock, haven’t you? You’ve thought about
Why didn’t Trevor turn up on the show? Here’s why.
“Then he must seek elsewhere,” the shepherd said, standing up and shading his eyes to look out over the valley.
“Oh yeah, that was good. I thought you didn’t like salmon though?”
Sherlock’s neck prickled in a way that made him glad he hadn’t tossed the girl out immediately. “Why indeed,” he said, standing and crossing to the desk in a single swift motion. “Is Alice’s last name Rucastle?”
John took a step forward. “All of it?”
“And break the ladies’ hearts? Hang on.”
Sherlock loosened fractionally. “Really?”
“You didn’t,” Sherlock said. “She wasn’t mentioned. But the police interviewed her when they investigated her mother’s murder, and you gave me that file as well. The police had assumed they were linked.”
“I’ll go and see.”
The little ones, mostly boys who had aged out of the upstairs dormitories, came along in due course. Most were sad, stunted creatures, beaten down by hard work, little food, and Mr. Gamfield’s tender attentions. But not all.
“You have had success?” Sherlock asked politely, as he raised the gate for the Range Rover that had taken Natasha shopping. Elyer was in the passenger seat.
John’s mind supplied helpfully, and then,
Sherlock shrugged. “Farther north, lack of buildings to block the wind. The weather patterns are actually quite fascinating.”
. It means ‘love’.”
John raised his eyebrows. “And were you or were you not actually on a massive sex tour whilst you were cruising around on your motorbike?”
So there were precautions, but they were next to useless when Sherlock woke within minutes of Janine leaving, sensing he’d been abandoned and desperate to mate again.  The abbess nodded to the guard and in minutes another alpha was charging in, already stripped down and roaring.
John raised his own glass. “And to Gregson, God bless her.”
“Oh, that’s easily managed.” Sherlock sat down on the side of the bed and pulled off his own boots. “Don’t wear them yet. Tomorrow you’ll receive your wages and Christmas bonus, and a coat, of course, it’s always a coat or a suit of clothes, Father alternates every year, and then in a few days we’ll ride to town, and you’ll come back with the boots, and everyone will just assume you bought them.” He waved an airy hand. “Problem solved. Now put out the light and let’s go to bed, it’s cold.”
“Yes.”
John had a moment’s confused recollection of Madame Magee’s round apathetic face and fuzzy perm. “Er…oh wait, yeah! Not the regular teacher. The hot intern! Or exchange teacher or something. Mademoiselle Thibault. Oh yeah, I definitely rubbed out a few thinking about her. Well done, you’ve got it.”
The lieutenant reddened. “Have you?”
Sherlock scowled, but John stood firm. Finally he sighed. “Fine. I swear I will tell you before I...what? Anything?”
“How on earth could you know that?”
“Good boy,” John praised, pulling back and down to mouth along Sherlock’s long neck. “You’ve learned your lesson? A little reward, then.” He let go Sherlock’s wrists and kissed his way down his body, flicking at the nipples with his tongue and feeling them harden, biting softly at the juncture of hip and thigh. He knew Sherlock’s body as well as his own by now, knew what made him moan and spread his legs, knew how to make him dazed and needy with desire. “Give me that pillow,” he directed and Sherlock quickly pushed one down to him. He slid it beneath Sherlock’s hips and Sherlock pulled another over his face, stifling his sounds as John slowly ran his tongue over Sherlock’s testicles and the soft skin behind, swirling lower and tasting the residual soapy cleanness where Sherlock had scrubbed himself. He pressed the tip of his tongue inside and Sherlock’s back arched, legs spreading wider as John ran his hands up the backs of his thighs and spread his buttocks with his thumbs. He licked and prodded until he felt Sherlock loosen, then pressed in his tongue and felt Sherlock writhing beneath him. He could see Sherlock’s prick hard and straining just above him and felt his own cock throbbing. John sat up and reached for the jar they kept by the bed.
“He must have been delighted when hats came back in fashion.”
Sherlock could think of nothing to say to this. He was the last person on earth to know anything about what John needed; John thought Sherlock was the cause of all his misery in the first place. All he could do was make things worse, apparently. He closed his eyes. “All right,” he said mechanically.
“Uh…right.” State secrets aside, what could John say? Well, I
“Director Foster, please,” Emma said crisply.
“I think Mr. Minchin would beat you cross-eyed, yes,” John replied. “I’m dead knackered. Let’s go to bed.”
“Jim Moriarty never watched
the conference, he had just been ignoring it in the hope that something would come up to prevent John going—which he knew full well was patently ridiculous, since he had been the one to encourage John’s going in the first place. Then he saw three missed calls from John and felt better. He rang back.
“I don’t know. I hope so.”
“Go over the data again, about the entropy increase.”
“I know. Maybe I could slip out in London...I’m joking! Here, let’s race to the crossroad from here, then we can cut across the fields to Culpepper’s.”
Sherlock’s eyes flew open, reflexively squinting, but they hadn’t turned the overhead light on. In the dim light from the hallway Sherlock saw that there were far more of them now—seven or eight at least—and Abdulleyev was not among them. They were also, judging by the smell and lack of coordination, staggeringly drunk.
Callie considered him a moment, head tilted a little to the side, and then said, “Come here, I want to show you something.” She took hold of John’s sleeve and tugged him along a darkened corridor until they reached a sort of alcove. John noted with mild interest that the floor seemed to be tilting a little. How much punch he had drunk?
Sherlock blinked at him. It had not occurred to him to think past this night.
“Who has the keys besides you?”
John grinned at the bald hint and took his leave. The next brothel was faster; it catered to gender traitors, so mostly alphas and butch betas there, no market for children. Then on to the black marketeers, collecting more silver and the occasional gift: coffee, a small bottle of French brandy, a packet of sweets. He took the bribes because it would have raised suspicion not to and because he used them to bribe informants in his turn, but he hated the sordid weight in his pocket.
Henry said, grinning, “Funny, we were just going to ask you that,” and O’Dowd elbowed him in the ribs. They both guffawed.
“I’m going to stay here and go on to bed,” John said, once they had the horses dry and warm as well. “Bit of a late one for me last night, and I don’t fancy going back out in the snow again. “
“Thanks be to God,” the omegas responded automatically, if raggedly.
. After a while he heard the slide and thump of Leo leaving the bed, moving back to his own place higher up the room’s pecking order, and everything was quiet. John lay perfectly still, uncomfortably aware of Sherlock next to him, clearly still awake. Part of him wanted to ask Sherlock about this, but the larger part of him felt that that would be dangerous, in some ill-defined way. He felt confused and awkward. It was not until he had become so uncomfortable that he finally rolled to his back that he remembered Young Tom telling him something of the sort long ago:
Sherlock had also been poking around looking into the man at the poker game he thought had been up to something, the one from whom he’d won (and then thankfully lost) the house in Leinster Gardens. John hadn’t really been paying much attention to this—Sherlock was always making the weirdest contacts—until he came home on the evening of November 5
“And the orgy is some kind of, what, initiation ritual?”
“Have you eaten at all today?”
They lay still a few moments, panting in each other’s arms, and then as John came back to earth he realized that Sherlock was shaking. “What is it?” he asked in concern, drawing back a little to look into his face. “What’s wrong, love? Sherlock?”
“You don’t even know what I was going to ask,” John protested.
Hobbes let herself in with her key midafternoon and Sherlock heard an indistinguishable buzz of voices—Mrs. Hudson sticking her head out to see what was up, probably—and then Hobbes’ stolid tread up the stairs, humming seguing into outright singing this time. Sherlock gritted his teeth, but the song oddly fit his mood (“Shake it off, shake it off”), so he waited until she reached the flat before he started shouting at her to stop.
“Of course I never told Mycroft anything about my
John dug his hands in under Sherlock’s thighs and lifted him up and Sherlock, catching on, wound his arms around John’s neck as John turned them to deposit Sherlock onto the desk. Those long, black-clad legs came around his waist and wrapped tight, pulling them closer.
Sherlock believed him; the man’s seething humiliation was too revolting not to be genuine. He pulled the knife back. “All right, I won’t kill you. Open your mouth.”
Thanks to sandares and blacktail_chorus for pointing out the problem. I hope it's okay now!
“Oh God.”
“I won’t marry. I won’t,” Sherlock bit out. “
Sherlock pulled out his notebook and said, “Show me the equations.”
“I was your manager!”
“Waste of time,” Sherlock said. “Your Commander still hasn’t gotten over putting his beta wife aside; every time he thinks about impregnating you he’s assailed by guilt over making his children bastards. He won’t manage a knot.”
“Thanks,” Lestrade said, sounding dazed, and Sherlock rang off. Three texts had come in whilst he was on the phone, but none with any information. Back to work.
Was Nick chatting him up? John looked at him more closely. Tall and lean, with spiky bleached hair and a single black earring, no tattoos John could see, friendly  narrow face…it had been a while since John had been with a bloke. He’d definitely be up for whatever Nick was offering; Nick was just about the type he usually went for.  “Yep,” he said casually.
“The case was closed,” Sherlock said. “They never connected anything about Deana or Levon to Curtis Harmon.”
“Er—“ John realized he had no idea of Owen’s rank or even if he were actually in the military at all. “It’s, ah, John Watson, from last night?”
The Lord’s anointed and the psalmist were one and the same.
“1A.”
Sherlock directed the cab to drop them a few blocks away from Delphi so he could prowl around, apparently in the hope that inspiration would hit from staring at the outside of the building. “There has to be something here,” he muttered, pacing along. “Something that will tie him to the murder…” The day, though overcast, was warm, and Sherlock was not wearing his coat. John wondered if he thought better when he could swirl it about.
Sherlock threw him an amused look over his shoulder. “Trashing you on social media?”
Gregson came back inside, wiping rain from his eyes, “John—oi, where have
“No need. He’s never acted on it, and never plans to--he's taking medication.”
“Well, in that case, I think I’m going to get some coffee and read the newspapers on the sofa. Care to join me?”
“I got it at the place where I took Nasir to get his things for hairdressing school. This is supposed to be for very sensitive skin.”
Sherlock honestly thought he was exhibiting the height of prudence and good sense. He’d texted Lestrade the minute he’d seen the printing press spitting out piles of notes, and he’d even included a few pictures. The pictures maybe weren’t the best quality, but that was no reason for Lestrade to ring him immediately with that exasperated tone in his voice.
“Not really. Didn’t you hear the words? It’s all about bad things happening. It’s a song for the poor, like your waltz is music for the rich, who have the leisure to learn such complicated pieces and the fancy dances that go with them.”
“She was trying to hobble you,” Mycroft said. They had reached the doorway to the library. “So you wouldn’t run away, I suppose. Fortunately she rather underestimated the tensile strength of the Achilles tendon, so no permanent damage was done.”
Sherlock stood and said “Start calling,” and Helena Madden stood too.
Sherlock reached out a careful finger and brushed it across the strings. Not quite in tune, but not bad, either.
“Forfeit to the Crown, of course,” the soldier said a little pompously.
John woke at dawn, as he had done all his life and probably always would. It was a few weeks past the solstice and sunrise came early. He stretched, enjoying the feeling of having no reason in particular to get up. He had had his nose to the grindstone for months, toiling away to cram into his brain all he needed to learn, but the thing was done and settled now: he and Mike Stamford would be starting at the University of London in the fall. And now he was on holiday for two glorious months—he and Sherlock would be leaving for Sherrinford Hall that very afternoon. John stretched again, smiling, and realized his left side was cold. He looked over and sure enough, Sherlock was curled in the exact center of the bed like a field mouse in a nest, all the blankets pulled up over his head. John tugged.
the golden gates of spring,
John thought it would be better to start with a float, but after half an hour he was beginning to wonder if reading were not easier after all. Sherlock’s lean body was completely devoid of natural buoyancy, and it did not help that he went stiff as a poker every time John tried to lean him back. Worse, he tended to panic whenever he thought he was about to sink, flailing around and clutching at John until they both went under.
“Only if you know what to look for,” James pointed out.
“Just one of the many things I love about you,” John said amiably. “Well, if we’re not going to find the banker I’m going to go buy a new saucepan.  I could make risotto tonight.”
“Thank you.” John accepted the pile of blankets and then stopped, arrested by their fragrance. “What’s that nice smell?”
“Fine.” Sherlock sighed, endlessly put-upon, and John bit his lip to hide his smile. “The pirate ship pulls into the harbor at dusk, just a brief stop on her way to the West Indies. I slip away in the night and swim out—it’s a moonless night, so no one sees me—and climb up the side of the ship and stow away in the hold. I don’t come out until late the next afternoon when we’re well away. The crew spots me immediately and they try to catch me, but I’ve got my sea legs already and I get away…”
John’s breath came harsh in his ear. Sherlock felt hyperaware of everything: the brush of John’s hair against his cheek, the rasping of his breath, the sharp pain of his viselike grip. The rising pleasure as John moved against him. The warmth of John’s breath. His mouth was so close: why weren’t they kissing? Sherlock knew why. If they kissed, this would be real. Sherlock kept still, kept his eyes closed, let John’s weight and strong hands hold him in place.
“We’d be warmest if we just pile these up and get under them together,” John said, “but if you aren’t comfortable with that or you’d rather sit up—“
The man gave a one-shoulder shrug. “You learn the signs. He was getting in over his head, our Danny. Not a great loss.”
“You read it?” John said, incredulous.
“Oh hell. I’d better go so they can tell me I’m gray to my face.”
“Yes. Well, she’s having her assistant do it. And she’s already got a call in to children’s services, since obviously the bit about the orphanage steps has to be verified. Ryan and Rodriguez are going to be talking with the families of the other victims, getting DNA evidence to match the bodies and expediting the release of the wrongfully convicted.” He swallowed a bit of his muffin top and looked at Roz. “They wanted to know if you were planning to meet with the Hernandezes.”
you to shag me through the mattress every night. I do.”
“The thing is, Mr. Holmes,” Margolis said heavily, “Emily’s a very quiet girl. She’s not the sort where people would notice, if she wasn’t at a tutorial or a meal. If she’s really missing…”
Sherlock came to the park eventually and hesitated. He could turn into the park and find Kev, buy some cocaine. He knew a hit would smooth the terror from his mind, make everything seem sure and right and inevitable. He would know he was doing the right thing.  God, he wanted that, he wanted so much to be sure he was doing the right thing.
The week before Christmas a great box came addressed in Sherlock’s distinctively elegant slash of a hand, and they all gathered around it in the kitchen to conjecture.
When he’d finally finished and was wiping himself off with the loo roll Sherlock pulled himself to his feet and realized that he had semen liberally spattered on his shirt and that his knees were soaked and filthy. Rowan laughed at seeing Sherlock’s expression. “God, look at you. Everyone’s going to know what you’ve been doing, won’t they? Imagine if brother Mycroft could see you now.”
“I’m rather relieved to hear the one was using her initials,” Sherlock said. “When I first saw her Facebook page I assumed her parents were the sort of high society illiterates who couldn’t spell one of the most common names in the UK. Thank God the population hasn’t grown quite as stupid as I’d feared.”
Sherlock just stared at it for an instant. He must have put it in when he rolled up the knives, but he had no memory of it, and it felt in that moment as though Molly had simply appeared beside him to hand it to him. He felt a piercing ache in his chest. Would he ever be able to tell her about this? Was she even alive?
“Well, it was mostly John—“
“Planet Baby thought Araceli was thirty-four weeks pregnant,” John said, “but she was actually thirty-eight. That’s a big difference. Thirty-eight weeks is considered full-term.”
Sherlock couldn’t really blame him—he had spent the previous twelve years of his existence furiously rejecting any activity involving other children, including the Eton orchestra, but enough was enough. He was going to be late for dinner in a few minutes. “It’s a Young Composers Workshop.”
“Why not?” John said, clearly alarmed.
“What am I supposed to think?”
“A bully, a liar and a sneak. Aunt Wilkes was blind to his faults of course, but she was very eager to make everyone aware of mine. Fortunately Father was not so unperceptive. Sebastian was packed off to boarding school as soon as he turned seven, and Father settled an allowance on Aunt Wilkes. Her rooms in London are quite small though, so they spend the summer holidays here each year.” Sherlock pulled his legs up and rested his sharp chin on his knees, looking small and unhappy. “Sebastian has only one real talent, and that is for finding out what I care about, and ruining it.”
“Yeah, she’s great, thanks,” Donovan said, moving past John to set the flowers carefully on the windowsill. “She picked these out. She wanted to come and see you, but I said maybe after you were back at home.” This was to Sherlock.
There was a crackle of static and then a new voice said, “Six feet, light eyes, scar from gunshot wound on the chest, able to identify himself in British English, asked what he was looking forward to when he got home and replied ‘a proper cup of tea’.”
“Probably. Here.” Simon handed John the binoculars and he adjusted them, looking at the falcon’s long tapered wings, until suddenly it was gone. “Look, there, it’s diving!” John took the binoculars away and was just in time to see the falcon’s headlong dive toward the ground. He handed the binoculars back to Simon, who gave him a breathless commentary as he followed the hunter’s progress toward the side of the hill. “There’s the scrape, there, in the rocks. Here, I’ll give you the binoculars, and if you look just by that big outcrop there…”
Sherlock shrugged. “I got in.”
“No,” Matthew said after a moment. “It didn’t help at all.”
“Listen, Sherlock,” John said, cutting into his veal with enthusiasm. “You know I mean it, right? You’re great with Rosie. Mrs. Hudson and I were talking, and, er…”
Sherlock stopped in place and almost fell over. “It’s such a lovely night,” he said solemnly.
idiot,” John said cheerfully, not in the least put out. “Let me just put them in—oh, you’ve got a vase already.”
“Yeah, he said he was coming in the front door.”
For a month or so nothing came of it. Sherlock worked a few private cases of the sort he could practically sort without leaving the flat. John made risotto. Sherlock made brioche. There was a long experiment involving air pressure and balloons, which caused loud and startling
Sherlock’s birthday. He would have been seventeen, and now he never would. For the rest of his life John would have to live through this day, getting older and older and farther away from Sherlock, who would be forever sixteen, young and beautiful and lost. John leaned his forehead against the wall and breathed through the wave of pain, not knowing if it would help to think that it might not hurt so badly next year, or make it worse.
“Yoo hoo! John?”
“He must be getting really hungry,” John said, unable to keep from smiling.
John slid down the ladder. “Bring them out to the stableyard, all right, Lord Sherlock? I’ll just run over to the kitchen and fetch our lunch.”
“Yes,” Sherlock moaned, already loose-limbed and dizzy. John slid his other hand down to stroke at the soft skin of his sac and Sherlock’s arm came up to wind around John’s neck, pulling him round as he blindly sought John’s mouth. John kissed him deeply, feeling the stirring in his own groin as Sherlock’s back rubbed against him and their tongues twined. He moved his fingers lower, touching the smoothness behind Sherlock’s testicles, and Sherlock’s other hand came up to fist in his own hair as his legs spread wider. John picked up the pace a bit and brought his free hand up to cup Sherlock’s jaw possessively, holding him in place as he plundered his mouth with his tongue in time with his strokes. Sherlock shuddered, thighs tensing, and John deliberately slowed his hand as he caressed Sherlock’s neck and shoulders.
“But this isn’t—but you’re not—“
John’s eyes, steady on his.
John nodded gratefully, swallowing hard and trying to muster up a grateful smile. “Make sure you tell him she’ll be all right, will you sir? Lord Sherlock’s sure to hear of it and be upset, else.”
John took a deep breath and fought it down. “I’m not angry at you, I’m
“This won’t go with salmon,” Sherlock said ruefully, pulling out the wine. It was the same bottle they’d drunk in Chicago.
“Mmm…Sister Cecilia had her babies, you might have heard the bells. Two boys. I haven’t heard when the visiting will be. Oh, and Sister Anne of Cleves is in kindle, that’s a bit of a surprise, isn’t it? None of us thought her commander had it in him.”
Sherlock stopped breathing.
“Kids,” John said in wonder. Could they? Would Sherlock ever…
“Er…you said you didn’t…”
Em—he pulled out the phone and saw Mycroft’s name on the screen, which made his heart rate skyrocket even higher.
“What do you think?” Tom asked John.
“And I’m sure Gregson believed that as much as I do,” John said, exasperated, “so I’m
been brave. If I had become merely a good musician instead of an exceptional killer.
“All right.” John increased his speed a little and when he felt Sherlock  beginning to clench he reached for his cock and wrapped his slick hand around him, sliding down Sherlock’s hard length as he rubbed, and Sherlock came explosively into his hand, head jerking forward and limbs convulsing in his bonds. John waited until his head fell back and then he quickly slipped the knots holding Sherlock’s legs, pushed his knees up into his chest, and sank into him. Oh Christ, he felt good, all slick and open and pliable from his orgasm. John clenched his hands on Sherlock’s outstretched arms and thrust into him hot and sweet and frantic as Sherlock gasped and panted, and then when he felt the first surge of pleasure roll through him he pulled out, knelt up, and came all over Sherlock’s face. “Oh,” Sherlock murmured blissfully, opening his mouth to catch the last drops.
Mycroft looked at John, sighed, and pushed a folder in front of him. He flipped it open.
John and Lestrade stared at him. Sherlock peered at John with his eyes bright with discovery, and then abruptly disappeared.
John shook his head and started after him. He rather hoped Sherlock wasn’t serious—the air was warm, but the wind was brisk enough he didn’t much fancy dropping his trousers. Still…John had grown to appreciate and even enjoy bottoming over the past months, but if anybody was getting fucked over a rock, it wasn’t going to be John. He could feel the smile tugging at the corners of his mouth as he anticipated Sherlock jumping out to tackle him and getting knocked on his arse.
Mrs. Turner stared at him incredulously and then glanced out the window. “Have you gone mad? It’s coming down sleet out there now. And look at you, dripping those wet things all over the carpets!” She reached for the bell and when Phillips instantly appeared said crossly, “Mr. Phillips, see to Brother Bathsheba’s wet things at once and tell Cook to see that he’s given a hot drink. There’ll be no end of trouble if he catches his death.”
He fell silent for a moment, thoughts tumbling over each other, pieces falling into place. “Prince William. He’s not in France at all, is he. “
“The technology for response modulators has been around longer,” the doctor explained. “It was originally developed for the military—well, you can imagine why.”
“Out? Where?”
Michael had told him his story in the dark, a low murmur as they lay in each other’s arms.
“What’s your real name?”
“Vividly.” Sherlock turned his head again, looking for the dog, and John swung his light up. The dog had dragged itself several metres away and was crouched in the shadow of a stack of boxes, licking the wound. It growled as the light fell on it.
“Certainly,” John replied, and they were off. John felt his spirits rising with the sun. It
Mary let go and sat back. “And don’t take too long about it. You know I can’t manage the christening without you.”
Sherlock was caught. John’s eyes met his and he knew everything he was feeling was right there on his face: longing, terror, arousal so intense it was almost pain. John went still, eyes holding Sherlock’s for a single frozen moment. Sherlock desperately wanted to say something, but if he opened his mouth he had no idea what was going to come out.
“So sorry to interrupt, but I am certain the board would like to hear this as soon as possible,” Emma announced, pulling a sheaf of papers from her immaculate bag. “I am very pleased to inform you that you have been granted ownership of the formerly vacant building next door. Transfer is being effected as we speak; you will receive the keys later today and may take possession after midnight tonight. In addition, a donation from an anonymous donor has been made to enable you to complete renovations. An architect will arrive Monday morning to ensure that the changes will suit your needs. There is a spacious office suite on the ground floor, so you should be able to move your administration there tomorrow, which will free up these rooms. One will go to Dr. Watson’s client, and the others to the next persons on your wait list. Are there any questions?”
Mummy looked up at him with narrowed eyes, but Sherlock looked straight back at her: he really did want to know. His half-brother’s existence—Charles Rowan Vernet Sherrinford—had been one of those irrelevant facts of life for as long as he could remember, like his grandparents’ war service; he’d never really thought about him before. Except to be secretly annoyed that he’d got their mother’s name when Sherlock hadn’t.
It was even better the second time. The urgency was all-consuming and still rising, but Sherlock had lost that desperate edge of terror: he had John, and John would take care of him. And he did. Sherlock came and came and came, John groaning with every spasm of Sherlock’s body. He would have been content to stay like that forever, but the knot, when it finally came, was so exquisite that Sherlock howled until he ran out of breath.
“He didn’t say.”
John rode as quietly as he could through the silent, gray-shrouded forest, starting constantly at every snapping twig. It was not long before he realized he was lost. The thick mist obscured every landmark, and with the sun shrouded he had no sense of direction. He looked around hopelessly, and decided to take the path that led up--maybe it would lead him out of the fog.
“I want
“By that criterion half of London would be under arrest for treason,” Mycroft said. He sighed. “But you’re essentially correct. She felt your peccadillos to be a distraction.”
“Not your fault,” Sherlock managed.
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure I could have been disemboweled when I was seventeen and still gotten off in the right circumstances. Listen to me, Sherlock: I want you when you are sure you want me. Only then. Understand?”
fuck.”
“Oh, John, think. I could hardly have done from St. Bart’s--I wouldn’t be able to see the signal, and I’d have to go past all the staff rooms to reach the cellar. I’d be far more likely to be caught. It was much easier from here. I hid my clothes and shoes in the downstairs washroom, and poured some of my broth at dinner into my basin and then spit in it and left it by my bed when I slipped out. If anyone noticed I was gone I would say I’d been sick, went to look for help and got disoriented. But no one did.”
“That was me,” Sherlock said. He was torn between pride at Hobbes’ sneakiness and dread of what Donovan was going to do to him once he was back on his feet.
“Well, I didn’t really get to watch either,” John said. “I was just barely holding on there. Having you spread out in front of me like that? I’m lucky I lasted that long. As soon as you started to go that was it for me.  I’m pretty sure you were spectacular, though, because there seems to be come everywhere.”
and somehow that did it, snapping his mind of all restraint.  He drew back and slammed into Sherlock, pushing him forward, immediately wanting it
Sherlock’s chest felt tight. He took a long drink of his whisky. Rowan’s other hand was on his thigh now, how had that happened?
“Oh good. And how was your trip to Texas? Did you solve your case?”
Sherlock stood up, knowing John would hear him, and turned away. “Good night, Captain.”
“There’s
“Well.” Sherlock shrugged lightly, ignoring the way his hands itched. A fix a fix a fix. Wiggins would have some, he always did. “Just a thought.”
“I’m off to bed,” he said, pushing himself up. “Tell me whose bastard you decide to be tomorrow. Sherlock, don’t forget your draught, all right?”
Sherlock eyed him narrowly, but then he turned to the first page and began, “’All children, except one, grow up.’” He was hesitant at first, but his voice grew stronger as he read. Sherlock had always been a good actor, and after a while John pushed the photographs aside—he could do without so much documentation of his prolonged awkward stage anyway—and just listened, stretched out on the rug.
“You want us to swear ourselves to each other in the eyes of God and men.” John was smiling, but his eyes were serious. “You and me, forever and ever, world without end, amen. I understand, I do.” He took Sherlock’s hand in both of his and kissed the knuckles, still smiling at him tenderly. “I think it’s beautiful. Okay, let’s do it up right then, shall we? Flowers, hymns, adorable kids—we can borrow Mrs. Hudson’s great-nieces--your mum in a whopping hat--“
“And I told you I would never let you fall. And I never will.”
“Which has the considerable advantage of being true,” said Owen, kicking John, who was still giggling over “prodigious detecting skills”.
The woman professionally known as Agra, who was currently travelling with a passport in the name of Margaret Leeds, paused in the aisle of the plane. “Is it just you on your own?” she asked the skinny girl staring moodily out the window. “I mean, is your mum in a different row someplace? I could switch if you like.”
John was chanting, a background counterpoint to his own frantic panting as Sherlock’s hand flew faster, the tingling in his groin spreading outward like a supernova until it engulfed him in a shuddering, explosive climax.
Up ahead, lying prone on the ground with his eye to a rifle scope, dressed like a hiker: a big guy John had never seen before, cap pulled low to cut the glare. The sun must be right in his eyes, John thought: good.  John stepped forward, cocked the pistol and said clearly, “All right, freeze. Keep your hands where I can see them and back out.”
Sherlock scowled at him.
“Good thing that headboard’s attached to the wall,” he finally managed, when he thought he could speak a full sentence again.
? Apparently they had. A tense standoff ensued. Sherlock, who of course spoke serviceable Russian, argued heatedly with Anton while Lyudmila wailed hysterically and the two henchmen waved their enormous guns about, looking menacing. John ended up pressed against the wall with Sergei, the husband, hoping not to get shot in a random burst of testosterone.
But now he had Sherlock’s assurance that his affection and friendship were as important to him as ever, and he had a fine new coat and a Christmas bonus and new boots he need only to choose, and he felt himself as rich and as happy as a lowly groom could be. He was, in short, prepared to enjoy himself enormously, and he did. John ate and drank and danced and drank with a great deal of enthusiasm and found himself, after a particularly energetic dance, waiting thirstily with Calie for the punch bowl to be refilled.
“John,” Molly gulped out, fresh tears running down her face. “Did they tell you anything? I haven’t heard—I haven’t heard anything, but they haven’t sent a chaplain yet, that’s a good sign—“
“All right.” Teddy reached for the towel, looking up at John from under his long lashes. “But if you two aren’t together anymore--”
Sherlock considered. “Is getting high an option instead?”
“True.”
“Right, me too,” John said, smiling. “I thought I might keep my things upstairs for the time being—not sure all our clothes would fit—but I’d like to sleep with you. And anyway, we need to break in your bed. I believed I promised you a proper christening for it?”
Mrs. Hudson’s footsteps sounded very loud in the silence of the building, though Sherlock thought she was probably practically tiptoeing up the stairs. He lifted one hand palm out—
“Yes.”
“How are you feeling?”
John did not think he was talking about John’s fingers, still stretching Sherlock’s previously untouched entrance wide open.  He could see Sherlock’s closed eyelids trembling. “We don’t have to go further. I can touch you whilst I do this, I’ll make you feel so good—“
“Aye, that’s true,” Mr. Gregson agreed. “A good harvest should help the country too, help to calm the unrest.”
“No.”
A woman sitting at the table tapped a keyboard and a large screen lit up, showing several pictures of a woman in a black coat standing by a red car, speaking to Dockery. She had shoulder-length strawberry blonde hair, a small pert face, and a bright dimpled smile. An attractive young lady. The pictures had been taken by the officer stashed in the hayloft of the small stable; the other was monitoring the action from the attic of the cottage. Sherlock would have loved to have been on the scene, but that would have been ridiculous even under normal circumstances—today he was only delighted to be out of the flat.
“You know what that means,” Young Tom said grimly.
Mrs. Sym-Smith sat forward, unconsciously clasping her hands to her chest in a gesture that would have seemed melodramatic in anyone less composed. “My husband is not the man who has been depicted in the press. His is the voice of conscience at the bank, not greed. He’s involved in international development because he can use his influence to require companies to proceed responsibly—to invest in the infrastructure of local communities, to build schools and clinics, to train the workers in valuable job skills. If they knew what he really does, I’m sure that this 99% Army would never have targeted him. But that’s too complex a story for the tabloids, I suppose, so instead we have this narrative of the oppressed rising up against the forces of imperialist capitalism.” Her composure wobbled. “Our son is so very young—if they kill him, I’m afraid he will hardly remember his father the way he really is, only as this greedy monster the papers have made him out to be.” Her voice broke at the end, although she kept her chin high, blinking quickly to keep the tears back. “I believe I’ll have that drink now, if you wouldn’t mind.”
want is some dirt from a freshly dug grave, but I can’t imagine how that’s to be managed.”
Sherlock put the phone back to his ear quickly. “Sorry?”
“Not about the kennels, the boy in the exercise yards,” Sherlock said with thinly veiled exasperation.
He’d expected the question, even braced for it, but it stung all the same. “Work. Home. How should I know?”
—and John kept shaking his head as more evidence of Moriarty’s nefarious deeds came to light.
Lestrade looked at Sally, who said, “I’m on it,” and swung out the door.
“No, not really—it’s just a story, like a ghost story, you know? It’s like an urban myth,” she said helpfully.
John thought of Sherlock curled in the cave like a wounded animal, and he swallowed. “I’m not leaving you,” he said. “Not ever.”
The hard man turned without a word and disappeared. Sherlock waited, trying not to fidget; the man surely was in on it somehow, whatever it was, but he was not acknowledging Sherlock by the slightest flicker of an eyelash. The man came back and handed over a white string-tied box. “Wouldn’t eat too much of that,” the man said. “Bit rich for omegas.”
“This.” Sherlock looked away, his cheeks reddening. “Our rides. You.”
The smoke was getting thicker now and John turned to shout for water but a child was already there, running down the line tossing him a wet cloth to tie around his nose and mouth. More kids and women were running with the soaked sacks. John bent to his shovel again and the firebreak was almost finished when the flames reached them, roaring greedily with the petrol that had soaked the fields.
Sherlock blinked, blinked again, and then sat down hard on the crate of tins.
and then he stepped up again and his boot slipped on the axle grease Sherlock had spread on the third rung and he jerked, making a surprised sort of grunt as his arms flailed, and Sherlock lunged forward, grabbed him by the hair, and cut his throat.
“That’s not--never mind. The detective, yes. So you know I’m not affiliated with the police.”
John tried to smile. He felt as if every eye were on them as they were led out to the black wagon, shackled hand and foot and chains clanking for the whole village to see. It was awkward climbing into the wagon, and Sherlock had to slouch under the low ceiling. The wagon smelt of animal despair.
“Oh, we were a bit heavy-handed at first, they’ve got better,” Moriarty said indifferently. He seemed annoyed by Sherlock’s lack of enthusiasm. “So you see your little plaything is dead in any case. But I don’t intend to let you go with him if it can be helped. I’ve got much better plans for you.”
“I’m not entirely sure,” Sherlock admitted. “He was abroad for the first convenanting, so I suppose he missed his chance. And he and Pitts are rivals, so it seems likely that Pitt heard Moriarty had wanted me and snatched me up himself.”
“Is Mycroft alive?” he asked quietly.
Sherlock made a face of unfeigned annoyance. Meek little Charles with his sandwiches! He should have guessed. “How long?”
“I didn’t tell you anything, you worked it out.”
be a suitable space for a laboratory.”
Sherlock drank the rest of the cup. His hands were no longer shaking as violently, and he looked calmer when he set the cup down. “Okay.”
“It doesn’t seem very hard,” John agreed. “You will tell me if I make mistakes?”
He was dreaming, his favorite dream, the one where he was at the pond teaching Sherlock to swim. He felt the old joy at being back here, but something had gone wrong. The sun had dimmed and when he looked up he saw only storm clouds crowding the sky, and the water had grown cold around him. When he looked down he saw Sherlock’s eyes on him but all the color was washed out of them, leaving them the same gray as the sky.
“Oh, right. You’ll go right back to sleep.”
“Thanks,” John said on a sigh, rubbing a hand over his eyes. “We’ll be in touch with her father, I suppose, and he’ll…”
“Yes, but that surgery he’s been filling in at loves him. And he’s the only one who really
Sherlock had to put his other hand on John’s shoulder to straighten up. “Time for you to call Owen Davies,” he said.
Sherlock bit down the urge to gag.
(this may be the most brutally realistic fic out there--be warned that it does not have a happy ending, although "Reignite", which was written earlier but takes place later, does.)
In the morning John slid Em back into her cot, careful not to wake her, and slipped off to shower and dress as silently as he could. When he was ready he leaned over to kiss Mary, who was just stirring.
Sherlock stepped calmly forward, trying to look as though he were just one of the soldiers checking the area. The path must be directly in front of him. As he walked he watched the scene down at the dock. A boat was indeed drawn up—a fishing boat, it looked like—and a man was standing on the dock with his arms folded, being harangued at officiously by the soldier. No, not a man, a tall woman. Probably an alpha. She shrugged and gestured at the boat, clearly indifferent to the soldier’s desire to clear her off.
When Sherlock came in the front door Phillips—still looking a bit green; perhaps he had actually died of the tart and was now a ghost, still butlering away but beginning to molder—made a little throat clearing noise and said, “The new housekeeper would like a word, Brother Bathsheba.”
John shook his head, hoping Sherlock was not implying what he thought he was.
“But they know. Well, Lord Mycroft does, anyway. He told Lord Sherlock to use the door last night--he usually climbs out his window, and Lord Mycroft was worried about ice.”
“Partly,” she said. She looked at Mycroft, hesitating.
John stood still, taking in the closed window, the neatly-made bed. His room was silent and still, but there was something in the air that made him feel someone had just stepped out. Dust motes swirled in the sunlight. He turned toward the window automatically but saw nothing. He turned back, puzzled, and caught a faint whiff of Mary’s perfume.
“Why?” Molly asked, panting as she struggled to keep up with his longer stride.
Mycroft texted him whilst Sherlock was crowding Molly at the lab bench.
“You’re definitely not a girl,” the shepherd said with a hint of laughter in his voice and the cave swam. The shepherd’s other arm caught him, his strong arm, and then somehow the prince was leaned back propped on his elbows with his head flung back and a continuous desperate moan coming from his throat as those strong calloused hands—both of them now—slid under his tunic again. Up the insides of his thighs, oh God, and he spread his legs shamelessly wide to let them touch what they liked: everything.  They skimmed over the fine linen of his loincloth, cupping the soft weight between his legs and smoothing over the hard length above. The prince arched his back, pressing up into those hands, heat radiating out from his groin.
Sherlock looked up to see how the knot was made. This could be useful: he could see at once that the French knot would come in handy for marking towns and cities. It took him a few tries to get the hang of it—he just had dangling loops of thread the first time—but then he had it, and began trying to vary the size.
John interpreted this as meaning that Sherlock might be hungry but wouldn’t admit it, so he left tea and biscuits on Sherlock’s desk before he left. Interviewing the students was not fun, although rather less painful than talking to Amanda’s mother. When he finished he was, in fact, ravenous. He stopped for Chinese on the way back. Of course, Sherlock was not in the flat.
Sherlock had been trying desperately to think of how to break the news to John gently, of how John himself would have done it, but now he gave up. It wasn’t going to go well in any case. “Mary’s real name is Anna Grace Ransome. She trained as a marksman in the Australian Defence Force and went freelance as an assassin known as Agra. You might remember the name as one of Moriarty’s more skilled subordinates. She began building her Mary Morstan identity five years ago and assumed it full time after Moriarty’s death, at which point she apparently retired from active work as a contract killer. I believe that her relationship with you is genuine, by the way. Her cover was blown some months ago by someone who sold the information to Charles Augustus Magnussen, whom Mary killed. Unfortunately it appears the information had already been passed on.”
“It’s addressed to all of us, so it should be Mr. Gregson.”
“Actually, my lord king.” One of the captains stepped forward. “There is one who has volunteered. A common soldier, a shepherd, little more than a boy. He says he can defeat Goliath with his sling.”
“So--” the cab lurched to a stop and John was obliged to hold his tongue until they had paid the cabbie and mounted the steps to their little room. “So he’s been coming around all this time because he
Even on foot, John still felt nervous as he approached the village. He could see at once that things were off. People were clustered in small anxious knots, humming with talk, and a group of soldiers passed by the window whilst John was in a shop. He did not bother trying to overhear, just bought three newspapers at two different shops and restocked their food. After some consideration, he also bought matches, tea, sugar and a small pot. He was just about to set out when he realized they had no cups, so he went back to the first shop for that.
“Neither; I’ve an assistant right now and I’ll have her pick them up tomorrow afternoon.”
that whole thing was bizarre! He didn’t have to go to all that trouble, he could have just sacked the housekeeper if he wanted rid of her and no one would have batted an eye. You’re saying he set that all up and then—he got you brought in, didn’t he! The DI said as much. You think he did all that, killed two people—oh, all right, he as good as; Reilly’ll swing in a week—just to, what, make a game for you? Get your attention?”
“No.” James was not scowling as Sherlock did when he did not get his way; he was staring into space with a cold, dead look in his eyes that Sherlock found deeply unnerving. “If I do well this year they’d consider a boarding school, but not this year.”
As a couple of sharp-eyed readers have noticed, one of the inspirations for this comes from Star Trek. So rest in peace, Leonard Nimoy, and may the love of those who adored your most enduring character follow you as you boldly go to that undiscovered country from whose bourn no traveller returns.
Be aware. Be wary.
Sherlock had already read the papers, but if he sat on the sofa he could probably insinuate either his feet or his head into John’s lap and be petted. “Maybe in a bit. I’m just going to finish looking over a few things,” he said as indifferently as he could manage.
John let go Sherlock’s arse to wrap his arms around his waist, pulling them together as Sherlock clutched and pulsed, the evidence of his pleasure hot and wet against John’s abdomen. Sherlock pushed himself up again, let go his own cock, and pumped John to completion in a few practiced strokes.
The figure on the bed was not Irene. John felt such a powerful wave of relief that it took him a moment to realize that he recognized the ginger hair, because the boy’s face was so swollen and bruised as to be unrecognizable.
There was a pause which Sherlock enjoyed, knowing Mycroft hated having to ask a question he didn’t already know the answer to. Finally Mycroft responded
Dinner was, as John rather expected, a meager affair, but it was hot and he did not have to fight a gang of factory workers for it. “I can’t tell how many potatoes are in here,” Sherlock said, peering at his spoon with a critical eye, “but it seems to be mostly cabbage.”
“Get off me, you bloody tosser, you weigh a fucking ton,” Taf shouted, face muffled by the grass.
He tried frantically to think of something he could say, knowing that there was nothing, and finally just wrapped his arms around Sherlock and held him as tightly as he could.
Okay, so things get a LITTLE angsty in this chapter (no happy ending yet), but by my usual standard it's still practically rainbows and puppies.
“Parkinson’s,” Paul Willfen said. “Several of us are. This company specializes in neurologic disorders.”
“An alarm? What for? Do you need to take some medication?”
The woman shook her head regretfully. “I couldn’t carry that here, I’m afraid, But if you like…all my books were vetted by the Guardians, and I don’t carry any on the banned list, but I’ve a fair amount in the back that aren’t on the preferred list for omegas but aren’t banned either, if you follow. So I can’t guarantee you’d be allowed to read them but…”
John slipped the pack from his back and pulled out the map. He located the main trail easily enough and pinpointed where he’d left Sherlock; here was the smaller side trail that he was on...he looked up and around, trying to work out where he’d set up if he were a sniper, cross checking the map. There. On that promontory with the trees. John stuffed the pack behind a rock and pulled out his gun—Mycroft had had it brought to him before they left, of course—and set off the way he’d come. He left the trail a few hundred meters later, making his way among the sparse trees and low vegetation as quietly as he could.
“Spread the word. Communication was already difficult, what with cell phone usage restricted and the Eyes watching everything, and now the networks are down as well. We’ve all sorts of supplies cached up there, not to mention militias—you’d be amazed how many Scots just disappeared when the draft came in. So they need to be ready. I'd prefer to get you out of the country, but that’s not going to happen in England, not right now. Scotland, though…it’s as close as you can get to safety on this island, and gives a chance to do our bit as well.”
Sherlock considered as the car hummed along. “And what did Commander Moriarty say?”
“As I stated last night, I usually sought partners who would be, er, firm. I did not seek sadists or invite violence. After I was clean and had committed myself to my work, I left all that behind.” Even with John having done the hard part of speaking first, the next part was difficult. “Recently, however, after the incident at the pool, I realized that I had formed an attachment to you.” Deep breath. Was that all right? Yes, John was smiling. “A strong attachment,” he added emphatically. “But you—I believed you to be unattainable. I tried to put my feelings aside. In the course of a case, I was propositioned. It had been a long time, and under other circumstances…but you were out. On a date. I accepted.”
thinking of James all these years would have galled James more than anything else. He was an empty shell, a hollow man, filled up only by his hatred of the world in general and Sherlock in particular.
Teddy laughed. “Neither, I’m afraid. My real name is Theodosia. A pretty name for a pretty little wife, which was the last thing I wanted to be.”
me, not really. You’re amazing and fantastic all on your own, and I’m so honoured that you let me be a part of it.”
John had been lying on his side, watching the shifting patterns of sun and shade on the endless expanse of rolling landscape spread below him, the ever-changing vista of clouds and sky—not to mention the play of the light over Sherlock’s long, elegant naked flank—but that brought his attention back. “Why on earth? I don’t mind taking the bus, you know that. I like the bus.”
“Well, it’s winter, dear,” Mrs. Hudson advised. “Just skip the sunset.”
“It’s the shoe shop,” Molly whispered. She set her headdress and torch down on something Sherlock couldn’t see and came back to where he was watching from the landing. “We’re in the back room. Nobody’s here, but there’s only a curtain between here and the front, so I don’t want to use the torch. There’s a whole rack of shoes in front of the door, and it’s stuck on another rack…hold on.”
He was too slow, too bloody slow, his carefully calculated cocktail disarrayed and leaving him dulled and floundering. He didn’t dare risk John noticing further. “Check the news anyway, just to be sure,” he said without opening his eyes.
“Christ, you had me worried,” John whispered into his mass of dark curls. He couldn’t shake the feeling he should be averting his eyes from Sherlock’s bare head.
“I do, but first we have to settle this. Sherlock, you can’t just do things that put yourself at risk without talking to me first. We work together or not at all.”
“Two doctors came over the river to help, with some more trained nurses as well,” the nurse said, seeing his look. “They’re all in the operating theatre now.”
apologies. He stared at John’s profile. There were bags under John’s eyes and new lines around his mouth; he looked almost as bad as Sherlock. Sherlock had the vague feeling he was meant to say something, but since his attempts at assistance had been less than useless thus far and he was afraid to ask any questions for fear of what John might answer, he kept quiet.
John laughed. “It would be your word against mine anyway. We’d probably both be in for it.”
“No,” John agreed. He sighed and stood up, desperate to get away so Sherlock would not read the truth on his face. “Let’s get you back to bed so you can get some more sleep, and I’ll go to the wardroom and have some of that tea.”
The voice was no angel’s. It was not even particularly melodic, but there was calmness in the song that even the prince—a restless soul with no use for peace—found strangely soothing. He peered around the rock. The singer was no boy, either, but more of a young man, older than the prince, with strongly muscled limbs and fine shoulders. He was sturdier than the prince, too, though not so tall.
“Oh,” Sherlock said. He looked up at John through his fringe, which was getting ridiculously long. “I suppose I could.” He looked back down at the notebook, but not before John caught the pleased tilt of his mouth.  “Who’s Amy Winehouse?”
Nick was at least five years younger than John, but John knew very well what he meant. His own parents had never known about his bisexuality—he wasn’t even sure Harry knew—and his dad had assumed John’s
“John then. Call me Simon. As I was about to say, I was delighted to have the opportunity to meet you at last. I’ve been a fan of your blog for years—I was one of the earliest readers, I imagine, I found it looking for other soldiers. I’d just come back a year or so earlier myself. RAF chaplain.”
Sherlock’s guts knotted again and he didn’t trust his voice, so he just nodded.
” The mockery in her voice was lacerating
Sherlock dipped his hood to hide his smile. “As you say, Mrs. Hudson.”
“That wasn’t a bombshell,” Sherlock said. “It was in the files that you gave me. I have access to the same information you do. The police looked at those pieces and saw one picture; my job is to look at them and see a different one. ”
“We’re incredibly grateful that you’re letting us be involved at all,” he said with his most winning smile, and Ryan’s tight posture relaxed fractionally.
Sherlock shook his head slowly, his gray-blue eyes never leaving John’s face. John worked a hand up between them and wrapped it around Sherlock’s. “Do you have to go back?”
Sherlock stepped back quickly and moved back to where he had been as though he wanted to keep the light from the door at his back. It would not have been a bad idea if he had actually been thinking of making a move from there—he must be little more than a silhouette from where Moriarty was sitting—but of course he was really just trying to keep Moriarty’s attention on him. Away from the doorway to the other room and most especially away from John, who would still be noticed if he made any sudden movements, but who was now out of Moriarty’s direct line of sight.
John snorted. “No.” He considered. Truthfully, he really didn’t want to go to A&E either. It was Friday night, they’d be there all night waiting, Sherlock getting progressively more difficult, and more likely than not the staff would stitch him up without lidocaine after all out of sheer aggravation. “Will you take something for the pain first?”
“It is,” Mirzayev agreed. His warm eyes crinkled, almost disappearing behind his high, flat cheekbones. “Now that the bastard Russians are out of it, anyway. All right, Seref, I think we can find a place for you. Samiralliev?”
“There was a handler in Georgia. We had contacts in the opposition party, as well, and we know he initially made contact and things seemed to be going according to plan, but then eleven days ago he simply vanished.  We don’t know what actions he had been planning at the time and our contacts have no information.”
“How do you mean?”
“Oh God,” Mary gasped, tears standing in her eyes. “You’re like the sister I always wanted, you know that? I should have had you for my maid of honor.”
Sherlock sent a text to Mycroft,
Daniel sniggered and Kit said abruptly “I don’t want anything from you. I don’t need school anyway, everybody knows it’s just for nancy boys and pansies—“
“I was hoping to talk to you. Maybe we could buy you coffee, or dinner after you finish up here.”
Rowan took in Sherlock: hair wrecked, shirt crumpled and wet down the front, reeking of sex. He laughed and squeezed Sherlock’s arse through his trousers. “Tell them you spilled your drink.”
Sherlock loathed meetings of every kind, but he couldn’t see any way of getting out of this one. Through the window he glimpsed the alpha girl trotting off on a black horse with a rifle slung across her back and wished fervently he were going with her, mizzle or no.
“Annie will know everything, she always does. We’ll find it all out at tea.”
Mycroft looked at John. John sighed. “She’s right,” he said as gently as he could. “Sherlock’s at extremely high risk of relapse or…of relapse or worse. He needs serious help.” Much as John wanted to whisk Sherlock back home to Baker Street and protect him, that was not the best thing for him at the moment.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock murmured sleepily. “I like this.”
“Wow,” Aronsen said a little enviously. “Wish I could do that.”
John shrugged, grinning sheepishly. “Not all the time.”
Mrs. Hudson scurried off and met him at the front door with a bottle of water, and Sherlock dove into the waiting taxi and ended up sliding into the lab bang on the nose of twelve.
think about was the corollary. It was one thing to think of doing the bump-and-grind with Gerard; it was quite another to think of Sherlock moaning around another man’s cock. Or of someone else—cocky Liam, or the handsome telly star—running their hands over his pale skin, spreading him wide, pushing in—no, John definitely was not thinking about that at all.
Crossing the damp grass he saw, too late, that he was about to run into Sebastian Wilkes and his future Masters of the Universe posse.
“Oh, sorry my saving your life is going to deprive you off the chance to show off to the police…”
“It’s my husband,” the lady, Mrs. Hudson, confided. “He’s been charged with murder in Florida. He’s on death row, but I’m worried about his chances on appeal.”
“Rival faction,” Sherlock said. He dropped to a crouch and rummaged through the dead men’s clothing. “Hoping to advance by eliminating Anton and retrieving Lyudmila. No great loss. Sergei and Lyudmila will meet us at Baker Street tomorrow, along with Lord St. Simon, and once the histrionics are out of the way we’ll craft a version for the press that makes everyone involved look good: Lord St. Simon standing up to the Russian Mob, star crossed lovers and so on. There’s no salvaging Anton, he’ll have to be the villain, but he should be out of the country by then.” He stood holding two wallets, which he tucked into his jacket. “Might as well buy him a little extra time,” he said.
Mycroft was quiet a moment and then sighed. There was a slight rustle and the sound of something being placed on the table. Sherlock opened his eyes dully and looked at it: a white box.
“Too late.”
Sherlock’s taut watchfulness began to ease slightly. He kept glancing around the tearoom in what John could see was a pattern: door, kitchen, windows, the patrons, door again; but the tightness of his shoulders relaxed infinitesimally and John could no longer see his pulse jumping in his throat. Sherlock had to gather his papers up to make room for the tea things and John saw that he had been working on ruled music composition paper. “Oh, are you composing?”
It should not hurt in
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at him. “Is that a euphemism for naked?”
John sighed. He crossed the room, sat down next to Sherlock, and dropped his head heavily onto the sofa back. Sherlock could see barely enough to tell he had closed his eyes. “You were right, it didn’t go well. How do you always know?”
“Please don’t tell Lestrade you took that book. He’ll have poor Alberts sacked.”
No. No. No. Mycroft was now looking out the opposite window, his fingers knotted tightly around his umbrella handle. John found himself staring at his hands, the white tapered fingers that reminded him piercingly of Sherlock’s. Then do something, he thought furiously, find him, save him, get whoever James Bond’s real-life counterpart is—but he knew that if Mycroft could have done anything it would already have been done. He blinked his rough, burning eyes and took a deep breath. “It will never happen,” he said, distantly surprised by the firmness in his voice. “Never. You know Sherlock, he’ll—he’ll deduce all their secrets in no time, have them either at each other’s throats or convinced he’s some kind of holy prophet before he has time to grow a proper beard. You know it. He’s going to be fine.”
“I haven’t,” Mycroft said smoothly. He crossed to the desk chair and sat down, balancing his umbrella on its tip. “I’ve come about what happened to the Ukrainians, actually.”
“You shouldn’t be out of bed,” Mrs. Hudson scolded in a whisper. “What’s wrong?”
“I believe I have expressed everything that needs to be said already,” Mycroft said calmly, looking deliberately at John before turning back to Sherlock. “But I suppose the niceties should be observed, by one of us at least, so…congratulations.”
Sherlock realized he was pressing his back against the car door. He made himself sit up straighter. “I’m not lying to you,” he said quietly.
yes,” Sherlock said, gathering them up. He was almost out, and Mrs. Hudson certainly wouldn’t buy him cigarettes. “Did he have any others?”
“So he went there,” Sherlock said, frowning at the papers. “After we destroyed his network here and in Europe.”
, and now Lady Lynde, God help us”) and at least open warfare was avoided.
“Hold on a sec,” he said and then into the phone, “Okay, thanks, I’ll do that,” and hung up. “Need to order a CT.”
“Gerard’s texted me; they’ve already checked in,” Sherlock announced as the cab drew up to the hotel. “We can go directly up.”
Angus followed Sherlock’s gaze. “That’ll be Morag. One of the patrol told her the news last night so she rode down this morning.”
“There we are,” Molly said, sounding relieved. She switched out the first tube. “Sorry about that. I know it’s a lot, I think John just…well, you know. People don’t always make the best decisions when they’re impaired.”
“So you’re sure—you don’t think he’s…”
“Come on,” Sherlock said quietly, “they’re going up to bed,” and he hauled John up to his feet. John followed him, still feeling numb and distant, up to the washroom, where Sherlock took the soap from him and scrubbed John’s hands clean without a word.
The guard gestured with his chin toward Sherlock. “Village constable says this one’s not the full shilling, but he’s docile enough if you keep them together.”
“Oh, John, good. He’s in a bit of a state,” Mrs. Hudson said, popping out of her door like a cuckoo clock. “I think he tried an experiment, but it didn’t go as well as he’d like.”
Reilly did. And then Gregson started digging, and Reilly finally managed to sell the story freelance, and the upshot was that on the second anniversary of Sherlock’s disappearance the whole thing exploded like a bomb: the police corruption, the Chief Superintendent’s involvement with organized crime, the cover-up, even hints that Reilly’s old boss Magnussen might have a finger in a few of those pies. For the champions of truth this was fantastic—Reilly got a sweet new spot at the
Sherlock’s laugh quickly turned into a hard, rasping cough. John could feel the wheezy roughness of his breath against his chest with every inhale. “Oh, Sherlock, you shouldn’t have come out.”
John laughed. “That’s
“Would you join me for dinner? Because my brother should be returning to the hotel about now, and I would very much like for you to meet him.”
“Long-term?” Sherlock said, his voice rising. “We need to take care of this!”
“Well I touched her to be sure she was
Reilly’s eyes narrowed but she did not flinch. ”And you think anyone will believe
But one of the researchers, an eager young man who seemed fascinated with Sherlock, said he could stay and knew how to make coffee, so they agreed to return at ten. John and Roz went to dinner and then spent the rest of the evening in the hotel’s lounge, drinking beer and sharing their notes. Roz was trying to organize material for her eventual book, and John wrote a first draft of his blog post for the case.
“Go back to the school,” Dr. Woodcourt said patiently. “Sleep in your own bed tonight. Have a full night’s sleep and a real breakfast and come back in the morning. All right?”
“Also less infectious,” Sherlock said, closing the door. The carrier had been draped with a blanket, a sensible precaution. He followed Mary up the stairs and took her coat and hat. She looked tired, purpling bags under her eyes and lines around her mouth, and her hair was a much darker shade of honey blonde than he’d seen previously. Trying to get back to her natural color, perhaps. “Tea?”
“--and now you’ve joined a criminal gang,” Sherlock reminded him and they both started giggling again.
Mycroft never really forgave their mother for not putting Sherlock above everything else. A small, hidden part of Sherlock was secretly grateful to Mycroft for holding this grudge, since it meant he didn’t have to.
“I think you’re much more than a donkey,” Mrs. Gregson said. Her face had smoothed out again and she looked almost--relieved? “But you’re right, you do settle him down. He’s gotten into ever so much less trouble since you’ve come. Well, until yesterday, anyway.”
Half a world away, a woman with big blue eyes sat cleaning her gun. She was a soldier in a secret and very elite unit of the Australian Defense Force and she loved her job, when she got to do it, which was practically never, because apparently the vast majority of the bastards in the world were not actually bastard enough for the Australian government to want them dead. She was giving serious thought to going freelance; in fact, she had already put out some feelers. She even had an alias picked out, although to be honest she had chosen it as a child ages ago after seeing a picture of the Taj Mahal. It sounded exotic and exciting and matched her initials, or close enough.
“Where did you think I would learn?” Sherlock asked, not unreasonably.
“Mmm.” John said drowsily, tipping his head. “Feels nice.”
The sight of Sherlock in the car, looking tense and a little grumpy, made John beam like an idiot.
Sherlock shook his head even as he opened his mouth under John’s and John reflexively kissed him, tasting wine and coffee. He cupped the back of Sherlock’s head and delved deeply with his tongue, stroking with his fingers. “Ah,” Sherlock gasped. John pulled back a little to give him air. “More. Please, more.”
Sherlock. Sherlock.
“Well, he won’t have the chance again,” Mr. Gregson said confidently. “Lord Mycroft agrees with me on the matter of him riding, and his word is law when the Earl’s away.”
it. You actually like it.”
They would be arrested, Sherlock in a cell, hundreds of miles from Mycroft or Lestrade…”Sherlock,” John said quietly. “Give me the knife.”
“Little while, yeah,” John said noncommittally.
John got Barret patched up nicely with the supplies from the boat, and after Barret had taken one of the black market painkillers he declared himself up for any duty that required no more than one arm. They all had a cup of tea, literally a single cup of tea as they still had only one mug, but they refilled it several times. Then they set to work. They piled the three dead soldiers and Moriarty at the edge of the cliff where Sherlock had climbed up. Becks and John collected the soldiers’ identification along with two wedding rings and one picture, which Becks placed carefully in a bag: “Just because they’ve no morals doesn’t mean the same of us,” she said. “We’ll see this is got to their families.”
Sherlock shook his head minutely. His jaw was clenched so tightly John could hear his molars scraping against each other. After a minute, though, Sherlock opened his hand, and John slipped his own hand inside it. Sherlock’s long fingers closed on his tightly.
The words hit John like a jolt in his gut. How much courage must it have taken for Sherlock, already as spread open and physically vulnerable as a person could be, to so bare his heart? To put himself so utterly into John’s hands? John’s own heart throbbed with an almost unbearable tenderness. “I always see you,” he said, his voice hoarse with emotion. “And once I take you, I’m never going to give you up. You’ll always be mine.”
“You’re writing a
Sherlock opened his eyes. “I’m looking at you,” he said.
“Ah, that explains it.” At John’s quizzical look Simon laughed and said, “Sorry, bit of a clerical joke. It’s axiomatic that the Good Friday sermon is easy but the Easter sermon is hard. Because everyone’s experienced death, you see, but no one has experienced the resurrection, so it must be taken on faith.”
“All right, explain this plan to me,” Owen said.
“Bit small,” Bruce said, looking enviously at the guns.
“It doesn’t matter, go on—“
“And exquisitely tasteful rings.” John rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s ring finger and kissed his fingers again.
Sherlock had said to John, so many months ago.
“I’m going to miss you,” John said sincerely. “You will write? I don’t know where I’ll end up, but I’m sure your friend will have the address of the Holmes’ town house and a letter will surely reach me from there.”
“All well?”
Hobbes appeared in the doorway. “Yeah, I know that, but that’s how the song goes, see?”
“Superfluous?” John said. He was no longer smiling. “Sherlock, you weren’t breathing.”
Later, in the hospital, she did tell him everything.
an arrogant prick. He was of a particular type John remembered all too well from his medical training: the guy who had always been the smartest one in the room, and had adopted a wearily patronizing manner to ensure everyone realized how tiresomely inferior they were.
“Turkish pussy,” Arslan said kindly, wiping his face off with a damp cloth.
“Are you? Going out?”
“Alberts, good night. See to the files before you leave. You’re out of excuses, Sherlock, up you get.”
That gave Sherlock another idea, and when he’d rung off he texted Hobbes:
Sherlock jerked awake, panting and clammy with sweat, and put his face in his hands. Well, that was a new nightmare. Of the two he almost thought he preferred the version where he was beaten and raped. He went to the kitchen and drank a glass of water, eyes gritty and painful from lack of sleep, and checked his watch: four in the morning. He wondered if John were awake. Might as well shower, he decided; he certainly wasn’t lying down again.
John knew what he was going to say, but he had to make it look good for the eyes in the ceiling. He leaned back and folded his arms. “My full rank back, you say?”
“John?”
Sherlock was sitting cross-legged in the middle of the mess, frowning into space. “Do you remember the night we went to dinner at Angelo’s on Valentine’s Day? Tell me what you told me then.”
about that.”
“Oh goodness,” Mrs. Hudson said, leaning in for a closer look. “Those poor girls. What happened to them?”
Sherlock carefully smoothed his face before turning back and making his way over. Fitzwilliam was holding the hand of a male ancillus Sherlock didn’t know, probably one of the latest covenants.
John wanted to help, to get Sherlock’s mind back on the music, but he knew it would take some time to organize those particular thoughts so they could be shared. At least he could finally feel his fingers again. If Sherlock was asking questions like this, maybe he was willing to talk a bit himself? “I think,” he said slowly, “that a lot of what it feels like, coming back, might depend on the circumstances. I didn’t want to return. I thought I had nothing here, and I was leaving behind people I cared about that I wanted to help.” Sherlock was watching him intently, his pencil loose in his fingers; his maimed left hand was curled out of sight in his lap. “But even—the blokes I know who were desperate to come back, even they had trouble, you know, adjusting. Like, everyone I know had trouble sleeping. Even I did, in
The lieutenant threw himself back in the seat, looking torn between mutiny and disappointment. He turned his head to track the two women as the car passed them. “I’m not going to a household,” he said sulkily. “I’m to have command of one of the checkpoints.” He glared at John. “I suppose
A few weeks. John held onto that thought as he curled into his lonely bed that night. A few weeks, and he would see Sherlock. If he wasn’t allowed to write at school, they would come up with some kind of a plan. Sherlock was brilliant at plans. He would see Sherlock. Everything would be fine.
“What is that?”
John went still, the words echoing around in his suddenly empty brain. He understood them, they just didn’t make sense: it was as though Mycroft had told him that Mrs. Hudson had been named Prime Minister.  He heard himself take a long breath through his nose and clenched his hands into fists to stop their trembling.
“Well, look on the bright side,” Mike said bracingly. “At least Sherlock can’t blame you for getting him pregnant.”
Sherlock paid, got out, and studied the building from the outside: just a pub, very old, in a row of similarly tight dingy buildings. He went inside and found himself grinning. He knew exactly what was off about the pub. Trust Lestrade to notice something was weird but not be able to work out what it was.
Sherlock knew that Baker Street was impossible. Even if he could somehow get up the stairs, the flat was old, with narrow corridors and furniture everywhere and sharp angles. He could never manage it in a wheelchair. So he agreed, with no great grace, to the only viable option, which was Mycroft’s ridiculously oversized house.
Sherlock walked into the study and sank to his knees before the Commander without looking up. “
When they finally surfaced for air, Sherlock looked flushed and happy and Lestrade was slouched back against the sofa, grinning. “Congratulations,” he said, raising his bottle to them. “About bloody time if you ask me. Maybe the two of you can keep each other out of trouble a little better now.”
I know I’m going to feel this way until you kill it
for a bit. Maybe I’ll come back and fill you in. Do you have a favorite? No? Not a very strong field this year. Do you know, I like talking to you—so few people are sensible enough to realize that they’ve really nothing to say, or at least nothing worth my time. I’m sure my brother would love to know all sorts of things, but I couldn’t care less about most of that. There’s really only one thing I want you to tell me.” Was he imagining it, or was there the faintest flicker in her dark eyes? Sherlock leaned forward. “The man who drowned on dry land. How was it done? I’ve been working and working that case and I just can’t make it out.”
Sherlock tilted his head. “You’re worried he’ll lose the appeal?” He had no idea how this could be a case, but the idea of going to Florida—it had been drizzling for days and his flat leaked—was attractive enough that he was willing to listen.
It really wasn’t, but Sherlock was barely even trying to sound haughty; the scared insecurity was naked on his face. “Talking about your exes, not good. Comparing in bed, not good.” Thinking John only cared about blow job technique, really not good, but John thought it might take time to convince him of that one. “You wanting me enough to get so worked up, though…good. The wanting, not the worked up.”
“I can’t wait to do it again. Now that I know what to expect.”
“I’ll do it,” Sherlock said.
“Yeah, I’m just great,” John said. “Can you go get my boyfriend out of those handcuffs now?”
Irene smiled behind her wineglass, showing her teeth: the same wicked grin he remembered so well. “I told you, I’m working later. When one’s livelihood depends on appearing exquisite whilst scantily dressed…”
“But Trevor,” Sherlock said seriously, “If you stay here, you’ll be a don. You were
Sherlock’s initial sensation of consciousness was of heaviness, as though a thick soft blanket were weighing him down. There were voices, and an awareness of pain, though not pain itself, but it all seemed so distant. He let himself sink back into darkness again. At intervals he was aware of drifting upward: there were voices calling his name, usually accompanied by a command to open his eyes, cough, squeeze their fingers. He ignored them all.
John flicked a quick glance at him and Mycroft said, “And for the record, I had a kidney stone once. I cried like a baby and demanded every drug in the house.”
“Well.” John set his cup down and stood, looking much less cheerful than he had when he’d sat down. “I’d best be getting…Rosie, you know.”
John’s face felt hot and the bed felt far too small. He realized he was straining as hard to hear now as usually he tried to avoid it. They were
Hobbes had an Oyster card and after peering at the website a minute to get the address took herself off. This left Sherlock alone with nothing to do but wait, never the best situation at the best of times, and these were definitely not the best of times. He’d been running from his own thoughts like a fox from the hounds for days. Sherlock calculated how long it would take her to get there and back, groaned in irritation, paced around a bit, and finally flung himself into his chair and forced himself to pick up the first book that came to hand, which happened to be
John turned on his heel and walked out. His stomach was churning and he could feel his hands balling into fists. He wanted to find Sherlock and talk to him, shout at him, anything to make him see sense; but Sherlock was in one of the bedrooms with a stylishly dressed woman and a multiply-pierced young man, looking over what appeared to be hair dye samples. He did not even look up when John paused in the doorway.
“Fine,” Sherlock said indifferently, turning away.  The Sherlock Holmes who wore the damn hat seemed a distant memory, like a concerto he had once played but now forgotten. He was no longer certain he even wanted to be a detective anymore, when the literal and metaphorical dust had settled; he was no longer certain of much of anything. “You do the drawers then, since you won’t let me get rid of anything.”
Kelly shook her head. “No. He came out after she left and I told him I had it covered, and I thought he believed me. I really did. I thought so right up until I heard about them finding Deana’s body on the news.” She folded the crumbs into her napkin, tucking the ends over precisely. “I never saw her again. Never saw Jayla either.”
Mike raised his cake in a mock toast. “Hear, hear. Mine too. May next year be merrier, eh?”
“Do it,” Aronsen said and McGinty nodded at the guard, standing. “Mr. Harmon. Would you be willing to give us a deposition?”
“Sounds like we’re good then,” Roz said, trying to stand up without shoving her chair into John’s knee. “Let’s go collect Sherlock.”
Well, whatever was in the wind, better if attention were diverted away from the tart and Sherlock’s role in bringing it. Sherlock pressed his fingertips together under his chin, stared out the window, and started to plan.
“It’s too quiet. Even for these days, it’s harvest time, the main road to Leeds is only two miles away. They’re used to a lot more custom, you can see by the chair legs. Either there’s a company of soldiers nearby or the owners are bearing tales, or both.”
“Hmpf. Suppose he might,” the Commander said grudgingly. Sherlock could read his thoughts like a book: refusing to allow Sherlock to attend Lady Smallwood’s tea party on grounds of propriety could be viewed as offensive, by Lady Smallwood at least. “Mrs. Hudson. Would this be any inconvenience for you?”
“Right, sure you are,” John said. He looped one arm in Sherlock’s turning to walk side by side as he thumbed at his phone with his other hand. “Let’s go for a walk. I’ll just text Ella something’s come up.”
Only she wasn’t.
“Lower third of the sternum,” John blurted abruptly. His voice sounded too loud in the quiet room. “Near the xiphoid.”
Next morning Sherlock showered self-consciously in Rowan’s bathroom, emerging in his new jeans, Rowan’s trainers and an “Out of Time” t-shirt. Rowan looked him over critically. “Not quite,” he said and steered him back in, squirting a dab of some kind of clear goo onto one palm and massaging it into Sherlock’s curls. Sherlock felt hot and strange. No one had stood so close to him in years, not even his mother, and the feeling of fingers working through his scalp was…sweat prickled his armpits.
“Sorry?”
“Oh. You know, I don’t really know much. He’s from some small town in Tuscany, usually has a different hot model on his arm every time he goes out…more easygoing than a lot of footballers, supposedly. I think that’s about it.”
Rowan laughed. “I got you something with a bow on it, don’t worry. And it’s not my dick, even though I know that’s what you really want.” He draped an arm over Sherlock’s shoulder and squeezed. “Let’s get back before they send out Mycroft.”
Sherlock calculated. “Very well. I shall spend the next three days in my room in silent prayer and fasting.”
“You really believe that?” Mycroft’s voice had hardened again. “
“Well,” Sherlock said drily, “if the police had something essential to the process that I couldn’t provide, perfectly fine. In this case that was a penis.”
Sherlock spent another two days in San Francisco, gathering information and going for long runs to organize it. His second experience was not as successful. The man he picked up, lacking Paulo’s focus and intelligence, was far less satisfactory; he was also overly theatrical, which left Sherlock with the feeling that he had been kidnapped by a horny thug with frustrated acting dreams. (Sherlock had stopped holding back after the third time the man shouted “Do you like this, bitch?”, but his acid commentary had simply inspired the man to stick a ball gag in his mouth, to Sherlock’s annoyance.) On the third night he went to the biker bar and ended up with a hulking, feral man who flipped mystifyingly from taking Sherlock so roughly he left his face bruised to caressing him tenderly as he murmured, “baby rabbit, baby rabbit”. Enough, Sherlock decided, was enough. Under highly specific circumstances he would enjoy a little roughness, but it was not something he was going to pursue for its own sake. He still wanted a vibrating dildo, but after browsing the shops had prudently decided to postpone that purchase until he no longer risked having his bags searched at the airport.
“Very good, Brother Bathsheba,” Phillips said and held the door for the tailor’s entourage. Sherlock sank into his chair and rested his forehead against the cool glass of the window. He tried to make himself think about John, only John, John’s strong arms and gentle mouth and scratchy cheeks; but the tailor’s drawings kept intruding. The Commander night after night, pulling out his great revolting purpling alpha cock and demanding….
“You sure?” Rodriguez asked.
oh, this looked slightly more promising,
“All right.” Sherlock pulled on his cloak, brain ticking over madly: any number of things he could be in trouble over, but surely the commander would prefer to handle such things himself, in private? Ancillae made social calls only under certain circumstances and always in groups; Bondeds had more freedom, but no Bonded would come to call without prior arrangement, and certainly not right before the noonday prayer service.
Two men pulled him up; there were four altogether, one obviously in charge—Abdulleyev, Sherlock assumed—and one who was standing off to the side holding a metal pipe, or perhaps a chair leg. The other two men pushed him into a chair and one said, “Hands on the table.”
“You know it’s not anything you can help. Do you think he’d ever try medication?’
“Abdulleyev. He is, how do you say, he is opponent?” Sherlock could not think of the word for “rival” and pulled “opponent” out of his now fairly extensive football vocabulary.
Sherlock sniffed. He had not wanted to take the case at all, initially. Rich old ladies missing jewels? It epitomized tedium. But although cases had been plentiful since the pool, Sherlock’s preference for the interesting over the lucrative had begun to cause worry lines to appear on John’s forehead. After Lady Fitz-Hugh-Curtis’ third attempt to contact him, John gave Sherlock a choice between taking the case and losing John to the surgery to cover someone’s lengthy leave. He took the case.
