“Thor, how can we trust that he will help us? He tried to take over our world!” He growled at the shot eating grin the god has on his face as Thor sighed, conceding to that point.
“Sure, lets do that, Bucky, Nat watch behind Bruce in the middle ok? Clint point with me” getting into formation, they quickly make their way over to the barn. The closer they get to it,they can see a note attached to the front. At the top in bold marker is the word –‘Danger’
Hope you loved this! Come scream at me on tumblr or in the comments! Comments feed my drive! "
Tearing his eyes from Bucky’s shoulder, when he felt his shoulders tense a bit, obviously aware of what Tony was looking at. Tony got started on washing away the rest of the dirt. Each patch cleaned revealed more scars, most of them old- obviously from his Winter Soldier days. back from the days, the Soldier had fewer qualms about injuring the body and only focused on finishing the job. Scars from the tests the Hydra scientists put him through or used him as a shield.
Conceding to that argument, Sam carried on in behind Tony and Bruce with Clint bringing up the rear.
He knew there was no way she could have survived the apocalypse, not unless her home was extremely lucky. He just prays that she was given a graceful death. A mercy ending.
“I thought he was not far behind us,” Yukio comments as she looks down the street as well confused, following Colossus and Nat who heads back to where they last saw Steve. Grumbling gruffly, the one introduced as Logan strides after them, keeping an eye at the rear while Negasonic stays by the truck with Sam and Clint.
Jumping at being caught, Sam glances at Bucky quickly before diverting his eyes to his own pocket again. With a heavy sigh, Sam pulls out the device he still had on him.
“Sorry captain if I don’t trust your word much...”
“You’ll… you’ll come back right?” Shuffling nervously, Wade bit his lip. Wanting and needing reassurance. Bruce felt another flash of guilt at leaving the car but determinedly pushed it away. It’s not like he walk-in away forever.
Jumping off the back of the truck, Thor and Loki use the brute strength to pull the gates open to let the cars in. Shutting the gates loosely in case they need to make a quick escape, they jump back onto the truck to head up the long driveway that leads to the mansion.
“I didn’t think you would be coming back! No one did!” Grinning in relief he clasps hands with the thunder god, patting his other shoulder. “Am I glad to see you though, always in the nick of time huh?”
“Oh god, I’m sorry….” Mumbling, he repeats those words over and over again. Bucky is pretty sure their not aimed at him either.
Each team moved to their end of the room, spreading out to check through the boxes for anything of use. Tony gave a little uttered cheers when he finds something particularly useful, a pile near the doorway rapidly forming.
Bruce was the first surprisingly to break the fragile calm that was over the group. “So, are we leaving town?”
Past the trees, fallen oaks and vines
He instead comes face to face with Steve’s stupidly, handsome, bearded face.
Loosing himself to the world of electronics, he methodorically fixes and cleans the plates and the insides. Clearing away any rust or grime thats built up from lack of maintenance for a while. He’s so absorbed that he doesn’t even notice when the group go silent. Clint and Natasha splitting to check the windows. He only realises when the lights are snuffed out, and Steve’s hand over his mouth to cut off his protests.
“Hey Stevie, I found the medicine Bruce asked for,” picking up the box with a grin, Bucky gleefully handed it over to his oh so trusting best friend, waiting for Steve to read it and realise what Bruce had done. Unsurprisingly, Tony paused in his search to look over, his eyes lighting up with mischief. Now, Bucky could understand his expression back when the request was made.
“He will be returned in pristine condition.”
“That must have hurt, daddy got hit by bomb pieces. Does it still hurt?” Peter shrugs going back to his work when Bucky shakes his head no. The arm doesn’t, just the memory.
Tony could see that Bucky; who had yet to leave his side since Nat returned; liked this group, Loki had even given Tony a nod after Colossus had finished talking to indicate that Colossus hadn’t lied to them. Having the god of lies on your side was proving to be handy.
Cautiously the group head into the town. Still taking precautions they drive slowly through. Moving fast but quietly as they can if anything ends up in their way. Slowly but surely, they make their way across the small town to the other side. Following the map, they head up the road that leads up a small hill. Back into the trees. Following the road, they come to a massive double iron gate that closes off the mansion that lies beyond.
Sam stayed with Tony and Peter and Punk the puppy, in a large lounge-like room. The room reminded Tony of his old family mansion back in New York, lavish and gaudy in the way most rich places ended up looking. Chairs covered in the best fabrics money could buy. Ugly patterns covered everything- ordinarily, Tony would be making comments about.
“Tony? Come on sweetheart time to get up” voice soft as Steve can manage he smiles gently a Tony scrunches up his nose before large Bambi like eyes blink awake. It takes a few seconds before his eyes settle onto Steve’s. carefully Tony extracts himself from his slumbering son and sits up stretching.
Clint pauses as he gets out and looks at the barn, thinking as he turns to Steve, “Lets check the barn first? I mean it would be the fastest one to clear?” Steve looks at the barn before nodding himself.
They lightning seemed way to concentrated to be natural but at the time they were all much more focused on settling down for the night to pay much attention to it. Now thought with nothing but his thoughts for company, he allows himself think about it.
“Who the hell are they Nat and where the hell is Steve and Clint?” Standing in front of the kids, hand covered in a makeshift repulsed glove that’s aimed at the new comers, Tony asks his voice hard like steel as his eyes stay focused on the large metallic man.
It was still early, the sun still not risen in the sky as Steve watched out for any trouble through the window. His gaze kept straying to Tony and Peter to the right, taking up a pull out bed.
Grinning Thor greets him back, “We came as soon as possible my friend!”
Shaking his head, Tony smiles at the playful Dom as he flexes his hand with the electrified gauntlet on. They had no clue if other aloe humans were here. Or even dogs for that matter. He felt safer with the gauntlet on.
Dinner is eventually served, The team have never been so thankful for a cooked meal, a filling one as well. Before long the group was settling in the front room as Tony took Peter up stairs to his room, tucking him in for the night. Bucky did a quick sweep of down stairs, to make sure all windows where covered and all doors locked and secure, covered as well before settling down.
Stiffening a bit Bucky paused in his work to look over his shoulder at the kid. Peter seems to only be curious though, not a speck of fear that he had come accustomed to seeing. “I had an accident, fell off a train”
“I can’t believe he was this close by all this time” Pausing in his peeling, Steve looks over at the table with a soft almost yearning look. Could this of been his had Tony had been able to stay? “Yeah...I wonder who the father is? I can’t imagine a dom leaving a kid and Tony behind...”
Climbing out quickly, Bucky uses the height advantage to leap as far out as possible. Landing in a roll on the other side, he’s never been so thankful in his life for the serum as he was right then. Standing up quickly he moves backward lashing out and taking the dead one after the other.
Grinning unrepentantly in the face of Tony’s sudden silence, face going red from the compliment. It’ been a long while since someone had paid him any compliments on his appearance, having long since passed his prime what with his more squishy body and belly. Lines starting to show on his face.
Much to the groups relief, the cluster of houses Clint saw came into view. Quickly they hunched down, ahead Steve could make out the spy twins making their way to the houses. Minuets ticked by, tense the group try their best to keep still, little Peter doing well to keep quiet as he sits on the floor between him and Tony. The moment he sees Natasha he heaves a sigh of relief and motions the group forward, the thunder storm nearly upon them.
“So I can see..”Steve gave Bucky an unimpressed look as Tony slapped away Steve’s hands so he could go get dressed. Steve couldn’t help but watch him walk away as Tony dropped his towel to grab his clothes. Blushing, Steve quickly looked away politely, instead he caught Bucky’s eyes. Raising an eyebrow, Steve gave Bucky a questioning look. Shaking his head, Bucky understood what he was silently asking. If they had been playing around in the bathroom.
Like now, Bucky was letting Tony decide if they moved forward or waited. Giving Tony the power, the freedom to choose. This more than anything, was what helped Tony make his decision, knowing that Bucky would keep his word as well helped. Plus, Tony really really wanted to see that body and booty!
Smirking, Steve teases him from over the top of Tony’s head, “what’s wrong Buck? Never seen a kid before?” He chuckles at the answering glare he gets in return.
“Listen Steve, Thor wasn’t the only one that came back-“
Urgh, feelings. A subject that Tony tries to avoid at all costs if he can help it. If Tony was being truthful, he kinda did want to smack them and make a run for it. He was tense and dare he say it- scared of the oncoming conversation they decided to have. Tony was perfectly happy ignoring all issues. Honest.
Buckys divergent
“Clint! Get into the camper!”
“Me, Thor, Loki and Bucky will go into town with you. You will stick close to one of us the entire time ok? We don’t know how dangerous the centre will be so we need to be really careful, we can’t loose you nor Bruce as you are our best bets of surviving this.” Crossing his arm over his broad chest, Steve gave Tony his Captain America look. To his right, Bucky had a similar look and stance, only his actually looked a tad more intimidating.
“You ready to get on with the day kiddo?”
No, dead soul
Taking a deep breathe, Natasha crouches down to join Steve who had sat down. He had started to feel faint all of the sudden. Could be from the lack of food or sleep, or simply the gravity of the situation taking its toll on him.
“Hey, where’s Bucky-man? We heading out?”
Nearby, Bucky is leaning in the corner right by the kids, in the shadows and the perfect angle to see both the door and window, arms crossed over his chest as he broods. Body rigid and tense with the need to go and look for Steve himself. He hated being idle when someone he cared for was in untold danger.
Nodding, though still tense, Colossus sits back to listen. Bucky gives Tony’s shoulder a quick squeeze for courage and support, muscles tense with the impulse to steal the device and rip Francis a new one. Bucky was not looking forward to this conversation.
“Where are we going, Daddy?” Getting up off of the floor, Peter hurries to do as his father says, Bucky kneels down to help Peter put the bag on and put in a few things that were left on the bed. Wade stubbornly sorts his own stuff out, declining both Tony’s and Steve’s help.
Bucky chuckles at that a bit as he winks at Tony over the top of a drink. Tony felt his lips twinge in a smirk at that, able to easily picture this. Besides Bucky, Steve seems to straighten his shoulders as if he was about to face a firing squad. Quite possibly not far from the truth.
“Yeah!” Steve raises an eyebrow as Peter tries to speak with a full mouth, causing him to giggle and swallow before he attempts talking again. “I can show him the bamboo hut in the garden as well!”
“Everyone seems tense...did I do something wrong?”
Besides him, eating out of a metal container, is an elderly old, blind women, her dark skin has laugh lines and crows feet same as the man besides her. She’s wearing a tatty purple jumper that has obviously seen better days, she wears dark soft looking joggers.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hold on Wade!” Putting the car into gear, Bucky tries to force through hoping to knock the ones in front out of the way. He gains very little ground as the larger group reaches them in the car.
Finally finishing the back, Tony taps Bucky’s shoulder, “turn around please?” Looking up, Tony’s eyes again catches Bucky’s. A guarded look had come over his eyes, as Bucky had felt Tony finding more and more scars. There as also an odd sort of vulnerability in Bucky’ face a well, as he had let Tony take them all in.
Hearing Rumbling above, Steve looks at the near black cloud heading their way, the sounds of thunder reaching them.
On cue, very familiar shield flies over, taking out two of the remaining 8 deado’s; an 6”2 of pure angry muscle yells out in rage. Two large feet, that have the same effect as a truck slamming into you, plow into another’s face. Clint barely has enough time to catch his bow and quiver of arrows that are flung at him by an irate widow. Deadly and swift, Natasha darts around Steve and jumps at another sinking a knife into its head.
“I...please don’t freak out when I tell you or loose your temper? I need you to promise me that Steve...”
It not for another 35 minutes, before the hoard is fading away to the west. Leaving the town just as Bucky predicted. Once the last noticeable moan disappears, he waits for another 20 just to make sure the hoard doesn’t return. Satisfied, he nods to Loki he had watched his back for him. Taking out the odd Deado that came across them. Together they head back to the cars to tell the others the hoard is gone.
If Steve hasn’t given them hell yet, Tony will be. No one takes someone he loves and expects to get away with it; he’s going to make what happened with the Ten Rings look like a love tap.
The storm raging outside had even muted at the revelation Tony threw at him. The sub had been unnaturally fearful of his reactions, it was that fear that mostly kept Steve quiet. Inner turmoil buried for now.
“Sure thing, what did you want to talk about?”
“Shit man, I wondered what the commotion was all about but we couldn’t see due to the other houses. We not waiting for him?” Sam looked at Steve in disbelief that he was going too leave someone behind like this.
With a startled yell he’s pulled up high by a net. Safely thankfully; out of reach of the dead bellow. Panting as adrenaline flow him anew at this situation, he tries to twist around in the net to see who had caught him.
Memories of the war flash through his mind suddenly. Swallowing bile that tries to climb up his throat, Bucky tries to force the traumatic memories away. His body shaking at how vivid they are. The flash of the bang grenades. The smell of burning bodies in the fields. With tremendous effort he pulls himself out of his head and shoves everything to he back of his mind. Compartmentalizing Natasha would call this. Shutting away thoughts and separating them to  be able to deal with the present.
“What was that you picked up outside the gates Thor?”
His back hits a wall, meaning he needs to get up fast. Gritting his teeth he gets up wincing as his ankle hurts, must have twisted it as he fell just a moment ago. Doing his best to ignore the horde not far from him he pushes one dead that’s gotten near, back to hit and trip up some. It’s a dead end, he can’t really run in any direction as the horde surrounds him.
“We continue the plan that we made, Sam take Natasha and Clint to your truck. I’ll take Bruce, Tony and Peter to the car. We will head on west to the next village. Tony did you and Bucky manage to get some fuel?”
It’s Natasha that answers, her shoulders hunched almost as if she’s afraid to speak, “Clint is being seen by Bruce, he was hit by a crossbow bolt in the leg.”
Steve moved about the next day in a sort of daze. Dangerous for him and the others. Last night kept replaying in his head.
Nodding, Sam steps forward as Tony moves back and uses his hight advantage to cut the Deado down. Swapping his knife out for a machete, Tony pulls one arm out away from the body before swiftly hacking it off. The skin and muscles easily giving way due to their weakened state. Once the arm is free Tony casually chucks it too Sam to catch, who instead yelps jumping away to the side, as if the arm could suddenly attack him.
There were many options Tony was considering, ranging from taking them to the park to inviting Howard for dinner (If he didn't go to Malibu to work) to taking them to eat out; sadly, all the options made Tony pout because he was sure that Peter would try and invite the whole neighborhood if they decided to go on a picnic… where is Steve when you need him?
Whispering his thanks, he wore the pendant on his neck, smiling at it sadly before hiding it under his dress, the only reason he ever chooses the blue dress was that, it has a high collar that will hide his pendant from unwanted gazes, he looked at Margaret with a small smile and nodded his head as he headed to the door.
"Don't worry about dinner, we will order a takeout and wake you up when it arrives; right now you need more rest after today's events, if not for you than for the baby." Bucky stressed, which caused Steve to hum and follow Bucky toward his room, all the while mumbling about this and that, it wasn't until he was sleeping under the cover that Steve realized…
The only thing Steven could do was huffing as he walked toward his friends' house, glaring at anyone who dared to look at him, trying to calm himself as he saw the sun was about to set… the Omega hasn't planned on anyone finding out that he was carrying a child until he made his mind if he wanted to keep the babe or not, he hasn't told anyone, not even Margaret who Steven tells everything too.
Steve didn't know if his baby was a girl or a boy, but it didn't matter, not one a bit. Steve will love them to bits and pieces, he will cherish them and spoil them and accept them, boy or a girl, Omega or an Alpha, as long as his baby was healthy and happy than Steve was happy, it was as simple as that.
Thanos gazed at Steve's face for a long time… a time Steve could have used to heal Tony from his injuries. "No tricks…" Thanos ended up saying before letting Tony go, causing Tony to drop on the ground harshly; the sight of his lover beaten and near death's doors broke what's left of Steve's heart, because this was his fault, if it wasn't for Steve, Tony would have been home right now. Tony would have been home surrounded by his family, his loved ones, and most importantly Peter, the small boy who was probably wondering where his Daddy was.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, Fluffiest fluffs, a little bit of sadness, cuteness! And who knows what? All reviews are appreciated.
Every night without fail, a call will come, and Steve and Tony will race to answer it, both of their heart pounding wildly in their chests when they both hear the sound of their Peter. God, how much did Tony miss Peter, he wanted the boy in his arms today; Tony may not be Peter's biological parent, but the small boy was his just as he was Steve's, and Tony missed him dearly, wondering why they couldn't bring Peter with them even when Tony know the reason to why.
"You were better this time Steven, you didn't step on Bucky's foot until the very end!" Peggy tried to cheer him, ignoring Bucky when he whined once again about hurt and sore feet. "Ignore him, he is a baby," Peggy said as he sends her husband a harsh look silencing him before turning to Steve who was glaring at his feet.
Steve bit his lower lip, excitement warming its way through his heart at the thought of finally getting his husband back from whatever headspace he had been in for a few months now. Maybe they will have a date night with just the two of them; no thinking about S.I., about Howard, even Bucky. It will be just Tony, Steve, and their baby…
"She is your daughter," Angie said with a strong voice, causing Tony to raise his head, the doubt shining in his eyes as he took in Angie who was looking at him with soft understanding eyes. "She is Tony, she is your daughter. The only thing Steven Rogers did to her was saving her from death, she is completely yours…" Angie's words caused a sob to leave Tony's lips; he was trembling so hard that he could only hold his baby tightly.
As quickly as Edith said those words, the workshop went into a lockdown making everyone's eyes widen and gaze at the electrical barriers that enveloped every exit. "J override!" Tony yelled, searching around the place, not believing that Edith just locked them inside of his workshops and condiment Steven's life to hell by declining to cooperate.
Serpentine gave a sharp and shocked gasp as she gazed at Tony, and Tony would have thought the woman was exaggerating if it wasn't for the truly shocked and horrified look in her eyes, even the dolls that crawled in the kitchen, they dropped everything in their tiny arms and turned their head toward Tony, gazing at him with what could have been shocked as tiny chokes like gasps left them… OK… what's going on? "Y-you think that an Addams… abuses their
It ends up with Tony making the miniature Arc-Reactor, followed shortly by Mark l Armor, it ends up with Yinsen's death, and him and Bucky surviving by a miracle, it ends with them walking for three days until they saw a helicopter with Rhodey waving for them, it ends with them finally back home…
"No, no, no, no…" Was the breathless whisper Steve continued to let out as desperation took hold of him, it can't be; how long was he out? Where was his baby? Where was he? Steve's breath picked up the longer he was left to ponder on this line of thoughts, the horrifying nightmare of his baby is gone, made a scream tear from his dry throat, uncaring of the pain he was feeling or the sound of footsteps drawing near him.
"And you are her smart neighbor, I should have known that too, so you are really Stark, right?" Steve asked and Tony tried to hold into his smile, if not for him then for the pup who was looking at Tony with a happy look… and here he thought that maybe the Alpha was different, but he should have known that the name Stark always changes people's looks on him.
"That is the thing, Tony! You are not fine, you need help!" Steve said which made the Omega hiss at him like an angry cat making Steve sigh at that. "The panic attacks, the mistrust, the fear of any Alpha that cross the halls, Tony, this is not only hurting you, but it also hurt Peter, the pup couldn't be introduced to someone without him screaming and crying, this is not healthy, you are hurting yourself." Steve pleas trying to make the Omega see reason
Tony looks out over the lake, the water still and dark... he should get out, he knows that he should go back into town with the brunette, apologize for taking up her time and gets the fuck out of Shield… but where would he go? Tony looked down at his hands, at the bruises on his knuckles, and sets his jaw. "Can someone give me a hand moving the stuff outside? Hopefully tomorrow…" Tony asked the woman seeing her eyes widen at his words as she looked at him like he lost his mind, but her face returns neutral a second later.
"I… oh God, I was sleeping, I think, I don’t really know… anyway I was sleeping, and suddenly I start hearing voices, thousands of them. Then… then Steve's mother, her name is Saraious; she starts speaking, she told me that Thanos knows about Steve being here on earth and that he will come here, after he destroys Asgard to take Steve's heart. A war is coming, she told me, and that Thor needs to go back home to protect Asgard, because if Asgard is safe, then that means we can protect Steve and defeat Thanos. Oh God, the war is coming we need to do something!" Tony said in a rush, panic increasing with every word he said, the fear of him thrusting his baby into a war is too overwhelming.
"What?" Peggy hissed, both of her hands clenching tightly over her handbag, looking like she is ready to murder anyone standing in her way, which was Tony at the moment, Tony who was glaring at Peggy with the power of a thousand suns and daring her to do something. "What is the meaning of this?!" Shouted Peggy, no doubt her voice is heard all around the quiet neighborhood.
"No, brother Clint you do not understand; luck existed that is true, but the amount of luck Brother Stark has is not normal, it is caused by magic; a star's magic to be certain." Thor explained, causing Tony to shiver in displease, he hates magic and everything related to it, and to think that his dumb luck is caused by magic? He doesn't know if it's the best or the worse news he heard. "When a star gaze upon a being, it is considered a great honor, because not only it meant that the being the star are gazing upon will be protected, it also meant that some of the Ancient One's luck will rub into them, giving them protection and fortune. The proof that the Ancient One has been looking after brother Stark for a long time, is that only he can see his lucky star with the naked eye, no other being can see it because they do not have the star's blessing like brother Stark and his son's do… it's amazing, you are the first person I see from the Midgard realm who held a star's blessing, all of the ones who held it are living in Asgard." Thor stated, his eyes never leaving Tony and Peter, pride and happiness shining in them.
The rest of the honeymoon went great! Tony and Steve spent most of their time going to haunted places and terrifying people half to death, and trying interesting food; not that surprising after they destroyed people's lives and sanity, the two of them would go to their room to enjoy their night together, which were passionate and full of moans and sighs, and creepy howls. Who knew that with all of Steve's scariness and dominating nature he would make a good submissive top? Surely not Tony, but that didn't mean he didn't enjoy himself chaining Steve and torturing him to near madness before relieving them both of their torture.
"Guys I found him!" The raccoon called out in a snappish voice, growling at Steve who was trying to hide Peter away from the fire line, if Steve wasn't careful, Peter would get hurt, something that Steve wanted to avoid. Steve though, narrows his eyes a little, trying to remember where he saw that particular raccoon, he looked familiar somehow; the thing was, where did Steve see him?
It took an hour for Clint and Natasha to get back with another mattress, an hour Natasha growled at him for when she saw that he hasn't eaten like she has instructed him, which made the teen buff his cheeks in hope of the woman won't shove the food down his throat. As Tony predicted Natasha and Clint helped him with the house, annoying the teen when they took heavy boxes from his hands and put them where he planned, but the teen felt warm on the inside, being cared for and loved by his new friends.
"There is nothing that you can do other than braving on and moving forward, it's the only way to get better, facing your fear, and taking the step forward to recover… sometimes… I wish I had a suit of armor... maybe then it wouldn't hurt so much…" Steve told him in a whisper as if he was telling Tony a guarded secret that no one was told about before him, and it made the Omega blink at that, mind going into overdrive at Steve's words…
"I know darling..." Steve hummed kissing him breathless, leaving Tony panting and huffing when the Alpha pulled back. "But will you take it against me, if I told you that you looked hot while angry?" The Alpha asked cheekily, causing Tony to huff and gasp when his Alpha turned them around until Tony was on his back on the couch…
"That is impossible; no bear lives in this nick of the woods," Nicolaus said, gazing around the place as if trying to confirm his words, the Alpha's eyes fell on something before it darkened and his sight returned to Nattalegg once more. "How many?" Nicolaus asked, and Steven doesn't need to be smart to hear the complete question; how many hunters died? A bear attack would likely result in many deaths before the rest of the hunters get the chance to kill the animal.
He was told what happened after he went to his death… how they won the war… only to go into another war with another country called Vietnam, how they won most of those battles, but lose so much at the same time... and went to another war, and another... and another… how Peggy and Howard worked together to create an origination that was called 'Shield', how they created it to help people from all around the world, and stop any threats that were going to befall their earth… he was told how 'Project Rebirth' had affected all those who witness it that day… how those scientists and doctors and soldiers who were with Steve on that fateful night changed… it was a slow thing that no one notice, until years and years later… how their lifespan was longer than their fellow friends, how they seemed to age slower than everyone else, how they are stronger now, better, healthier… that this was the reason why Peggy and Howard looked in their early forties instead of their late seventies…
Oh, no! The drama is about to start! And Tony and Steve are together!
Tony doesn't seem to realize the grave danger he was in; Tony doesn't realize that the armor he was wearing gave him no protection, especially when it was an old technology in the eye of everyone standing here, an old technology that was easy to slice apart like butter. Steve was proven right when Thanos recovered quickly, touring off Iron Man's helmet with his bare hand and punched Tony to the ground. Steve wanted to scream at Tony to stop, to run away, Steve was about to run to Tony and stop Thanos from beating his lover, but was stopped by Nebula who restrained him, whispering sorry his ear as she forced Steve to gaze at Tony who was still dazed as Thanos stood above.
Tony pressed his lips into a thin line and stood up from his bed that he was sitting on reading a book, causing Goose who was laying on the floor near Steve's folded matters that Tony prepared, to raise her head to look at Tony with swished tail, making the Omega give a small smile at that. "Can you take care of the little munchkin for me?" Tony asked/whispered as he petted the cat, which made the said cat meow and lick his hand before standing up and stretching, going over to the bed, jumping up and curling around the small pup when she found him, making Tony feel happy and lighter at that like his heart was about to burst open with happiness.
For Tony the only mistake he made was not adopting Harley sooner, maybe if he did this wouldn't have happened and the boy wouldn't have spent those awful days sleeping in the streets. "Betty, you are my friend, I respect you and Bruce like hell, that's why I am telling you about my plan of adopting Harley instead of just doing it… I don't want to enforce my status on the clinic you know it will get messy if I did." Tony whispered causing Betty to bite her bottom lip, his words no doubt hitting her hard; being the main benefactor of the clinic did have its advantage, especially when Tony donate millions every month for the clinic.
in his hands with a blank look, still not being able to understand what took place earlier that day; he still couldn't shake the shock of what he heard, still wondering if what he heard was a trick of his mind or that the foolish queen truly said those words to him. those words that Anton couldn't help but think of them even as years and years past; words that were once uttered by the only person that Anton loved truly, a fierce Omega that made his head spin more times than he can count.
"… They are dead…" Steven finally said after a while, swallowing and turning to the kettle, busying himself with making another cup of herbal drink for himself, his words though made the king pause, for the Alpha already knew that this was a possibility, considering that no Omega of his people will leave with the southern monsters unless they were forced.
After the first day, when Tony and his friends discovered the secret room, you can say that the haunting really started (Or get worse, not that Tony noticed his house being haunted before, not when there was a lake monster nearby) usually it was harmless pranks, as harmless as it can be, and it seemed that Tony and Morgan were the only ones not affected by the haunting (Tony didn't gain any hardships after the first time he nearly tripped by the ghost and nearly had a concussion.)
"What happened?" Tony asked, pressing his lips into a tight line; Tony wondered why he didn't kick Natasha away, but a small part of him; the part that felt betrayed wanted to get some closure, he wanted to know why the people he loved and cared for betrayed him like this.
But I hope that you will enjoy this chapter…
" Like a guitar string plucked, the words reverberate down the line of their bond, settling deep in Tony and wrapping him with contentment. Knowing Steve will be there when he wakes up; Tony settled against his husband and slept.
"I promise this is not going to happen next time, I promise…" Tony whispered which got him a choked laugh from the Omega who gave a weak punch to Tony's chest hitting the Arc-Reactor, but the Alpha didn't care about the twinge of pain he felt he just pulled the Omega tightly toward him kissing his head.
"Well, he isn't dead for long…" Loki said with a knowing smirk, causing Tony's fingers to twitch, fuck the suit; Tony was going to throw the God away using his bare hands. Just as Tony advanced on Loki, the man snapped his fingers and a green mist filled the kitchen.
So imagine when Steve got a call in the middle of the night; a call that was making Steve not only twitchy but made the Omega extremely angry. Especially when the past few months Steve's cell phone was constantly called by wrong numbers sometimes once a week, or once every two weeks, it happened even once a month; Steve wanted to be concern by this, but so far nothing happened, and a few who called apologized for calling the wrong number. But Steve noticed in the months that pass that no two numbers were the same, they were always different; it was making Steve twitchy the more he continued to hear harsh breathing at the end of the line without an answer.
"You don't understand, Bucky," Steve stated before letting go of his clothes, turning to the angry Alpha, and trying to ignore the hurt he can see in the man's eyes. "Tony… we both know what he did was wrong, we both know that it was unforgivable and couldn't be forgiven easily… but he is my child's father, and I… I can take him away from Morgan; it's not fair to her." Steve tried to explain, trying to ignore that he felt like he was trying to convince himself more than Bucky.
"No, you couldn't…" Tony stated, shushing Steven gently when he opened his mouth to deny the claim. "You can't protect her from the outside world, Steven, neither can I, and it is not fair trapping her here… you know what it is like." Tony's soft scolding caused Steven to press his lips tightly and look away, anger and defeat shining in his eyes. Steven's looked back at Tony than at Morgan before letting out a huff, making Tony's lips twitch into a smile. "So… aren't you going to ask me?" Steven's confused look caused Tony's smile to widen into a grin as he took in how confused and unsure Steven was. "Seriously, I drove nearly a thousand miles, and you forget the question that you have been pestering me with when we first met?" Tony had to bite his lower lip to stop his chuckle, especially when Steven's eyes lighten up with realization.
"Ewww, gross! Who in their right mind will choose that insane O!" Natasha said, but the slight flush on her face made Steve grin evilly.
A wet gasp left Tony's lips, and tears that clouded his eyes since he was forced into this situation start sliding down his face. Everything was calm, Tony couldn't help but think in the back of his mind; everything was calm, the wind stopped howling, the lake stopped raging, and everything seemed
17-Litli prinsinn. -Little prince.
"Tell me about him… please…" Tony whispered harshly as he hides in Steve's chest, shaking uncontrollably as the Alpha croon while rubbing his back, trying to calm him down.
I promise that I will try to update regularly by the start of the next month!
It was only a few seconds before the Omega blinked his eyes, his brown eyes turning from wild and scared to relieved as he raised his head to gaze at Steve, the barely-there smile that was on his face vanishing at the look of betrayal that Steve was giving him. "S-Steve… I… I can explain…" The Omega said as he let go of the knife, the sound of metal hitting the ground making a loud noise, but it wasn't loud enough to cover the shaky sob that made both Steve and Tony turn sharply to gaze in horror at Peter, who was shaking in his place as he gazed at them, fear and pain shining in his eyes.
The silence that followed was more deafening than the cries and threats Tony said not a few seconds ago, and everyone wondered deep inside if the Omega did succeed in killing Steve. The crying that came from inside the room made everyone jump from their seats and run toward the door in front of them, because no mistake, that was a baby wailing.
"It's stupid…" Peter murmured before inhaling, rubbing his nose with his arm, making Tony scrunch his nose and take some tissues from the table beside him, wiping the boy's nose and arms.
"It is still a better name, then being called by my queen, like this is the only thing I will ever be." He huffed at that as he stood up; taking the towel from Margaret's hands and dried his body, face twisting in disgust as he saw Margaret get him a rosey dress out of the wardrobes in his room. Hydra king loved to call his people barbaric, but he never realizes how barbaric
"It doesn't matter right now; the police are coming, hopefully soon." Tony stated which made Bucky send him a harsh glare for underestimating things, something that made Steve shift as the tension seemed to rise between the two brothers. A major part of Steve was angry at Tony's dismissal, but he knows that this was his Alpha's way of showing concern, a way that Steve hated even when the Alpha meant well.
"Oh, so we are looking, for a blond, blue eyes man, who is an Alpha… it wouldn't be hard… I hope." The last words Tony said to himself as the pup smile happily at his words.
Two months later, and Steve had never seen a hair from Anthony, and every day his heart was breaking more and more when the Alpha didn't call him or come searching for him, it was breaking Steve slowly… the worse was that Steve fell ill, and with his weak body, Steve knew he will be done for, the worse of it is that he couldn't stop crying, no matter what he tried, by the end of the day Steve will cry himself to sleep, what little sleep he can have which was nothing but four hours a day, and he couldn't eat, for everything that touch his stomach Steve knew he will throw it up later. It gets worse as days went by, it ends with Steve going to the hospital after one of the neighbors to his new and shitty apartment called the ambulance after hearing a crash coming from his apartment.
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, darkness, horror elements, creepiness; Steve is so in love! And we will meet surprising characters! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"No! No, no, no, no! Tell me how to make the armor and I will let go!" Tony starts tugging at Steve, a devilish idea came over him, a plan to take revenge on Steve for treating him like shit the first time the met forming. Taking a deep breath, Tony could only give a grin full of smugness before he starts tickling Steve mercilessly, gaining a squeak and a shriek from the star.
"What the fuck do you think you are doing?" That was Tony's shriek as he ran inside the room, getting between the crazy blond and Dum-E who was whirling and peeping like a crazy, still too shocked about the assault that took a place not a few seconds ago.
"But we will be all right, won't we, Steve?" Tony asked after a moment, snuggling tightly into Steve and pulling him back into his arms. It's more a statement than a question. And Steve smile when Tony kissed his hair, his palm pressed over Steve's stomach protectively.
Tony let out a sad, so sad, sigh as he gazed at the paperwork on his desk. He was able to run to the Stark tower earlier this morning without Steve catching him, which was a relief because if that crazy Addams saw him, then he will follow him, and if he followed him than Pepper will see him, and if Pepper saw him, she will flirt with him because she had that awful crush on someone who was a scary assassin, which then will make Steve do something awful to her like he did half of his teammates. And that's why Tony can't have nice things!
"Please let me explain Steve, please sweetheart, I can explain." Tony said after he prayed the door open which made the Omega growl at the Alpha, and let out a hiss, it broke Tony's heart how his Omega was acting toward him, but he could only blame himself for that.
Biting his lower lip to stop his lips from trembling, Steve put his hand in his light jacket, pulling out a small envelope, taking one picture, and hiding it in his pocket before turning to Tony, taking a deep breath, hoping that his voice won't break. "Congratulation, Mr. Stark." Steve said, thrusting the envelope in Tony's hands, causing the man to stop on his advance and gaze at the envelope in confusion. "You wanted to know the reason I was out, didn't you? Well, here it is. Now if you excuse me, I'm heading to bed, come and talk to me when you cool down." As fast as he can Steve walks away, begging his shaky legs to hold him up until he was out of sight before they collapse, causing him to be humiliated more than he already was.
He told her about her and Daniel's death, and how he spent years grieving for the family he lost. He told her about meeting Tony and marrying, spending seven years with the love of his life, and falling pregnant in the end. He told her about Bucky coming into his and his husband's life, and how Tony started pulling away from him. He told her about the stalker and Bucky, about the pained and shocking discovery that ended up with Steve running for his life only for his car to be hit by Bucky who was delusional and wanted him for himself. He told her more and more until his throat ran dry and he went through a whole jug of water.
But exams are kicking my ass! I probably won't have much time to write this month.
Tony grunts as he tried to reason with himself for the forty times that day, trying to channel his anger to Rogers and hope that the bastard will drop dead and relieve Tony from the pain of seeing him. Tony should have listened to Peggy, he should have listened to Steven when he told him not to start something with Rogers or he will regret, he should have really listened; but as always Tony didn't, and he was fooled by Rogers' sweet words and kisses, and his lies of happy ever after and a family, he failed a simple task of following Steven's words and seeing if Rogers loves him for himself and for his body.
Fury, like Tony, seemed to be done with Barnes shit, which was a miracle considering that this was the first time the two of them agreed on anything. "Barnes, quit your whining! If you want to see Rogers that badly then go to the fucking holding cells and see him!" The man snapped which made Barnes sniff a little and turn his head to the commander.
Even helpless like a human, people of any kind and species seemed to forget that even with a human body, Steve was not as helpless as he looked; after all, Steve was a divine being with his own rights, a divine being that held vast magic that seemed to return to him day after day in little amounts. A pure form of magic that was unreachable and unmatchable in any domain in the universe, magic made stronger and more powerful by the presence of the Space Stone. Before being a human, Steve was an entity who was worshiped and feared by all those in the universe, an entity if wanted, can burn everyone who dared to cross him
"We are here!" Tony said through gritted teeth, hoping that Harley didn't hear how much his voice was trembling. "This café sells the best sweets in Brooklyn, their ice-cream sandwiches are to die for!" Tony stated as he pointed at the café in front of him, watching Harley as he blinked in surprise like he thought Tony was going to take him back to the orphanage but was proven wrong. "Steve, Peter, and I usually come here every weekend if we can, their sweets are yummy," Tony stated as he pulled Harley with him inside, his heartbreaking at how awed and wide-eyed Harley looked, like he never saw a place that sold pastries before.
Tony what did you do?
Tony jumped in his place, glaring at the doctor when Bruce didn't warn him about the cold and slimy sensation, even after months, Tony will never get used to this part of the appointment. "So doc, tell me what's going on?" Tony joke nervously as he gazed at the screen, waiting for Bruce to tell him the good news.
The Alpha in front of him was not a person who Steve would have ever thought related to Tony, for one, the man was tall, something that neither Tony nor Howard were, for another he has a blue-grey eyes, which was a far cry of the dark chocolate eyes the Starks are known for, the man looked at him through a shoulder-length hair while tensing a little, which made the Omega give what he was hoping an inviting smile as he invited the Alpha inside, blinking when the Alpha brought nothing with him other than a duffle bag.
"Do you like it? Serpentine let me chose it. I found it on YouTube and it sounded catchy, so I decided why not?" Tony stated, his grin widens even more at the grimace Rhodey let out, no doubt wondering why decided to go to YouTube to choose a creepy wedding song; what can Tony say? He was trying to find a creepy and dark song, and he found several of them he liked, so he decided to use one them.
"Look, babe, I know that you are nervous and probably annoyed about how my brother acted, but you have to know that the man got his reasons, beside him enlisting in the army since he was eighteen… you can say that he was never father's favorite… ever… that's why he is coming to stay with us and not in the family house…" Steve winced at that, already knowing what his Alpha meant by that, Howard was not the pleasant type to be around even if you were his favorite, and it only got worse when you are the last favorite person on his scale, which regrettably saying, Steve was in that list (With his husband's brother it seems) as the man was still angry with Tony for marrying a starving Omega artist who has nothing in his name, the older Alpha was still trying to site Tony up with his friend's Omega daughter Virginia Potts, even when the two of them have been married for a year and a half.
The words Nicolaus said did nothing but gain a short laugh from the Omega, Steven already knew what the Alpha meant, and he promised himself that his babe was in for a reward; any other person Steven would have punished his babe with a swat on the bum, but because it was Nicolaus, Steven would let it slide this time. "Aye, his name is James…" Steven said which only got him a raised eyebrow from the Alpha causing Steven to chuckle and shake his head. "It is not his Nordic name, but the boy is attached to it; until he decides to take his birth name, he would be called James," Steven explained, getting a nod from the man who came to sit beside Steven leaning on the tree behind them.
"Two months from now, what do you think Steve?" Tony asked after turning to his Alpha, getting a soft smile from the man who was looking at him with soft eyes full of pride which made Tony flush, for he loves how his Alpha smile softly every time he looks at him like he was something precious, if Tony wasn't already in love with the Alpha, he would have fallen in love once more.
"That I am Officer Natalia Rushman." Tony said coldly after he read her badge, which made the woman look at him strangely than at the pup who refused to let go of Tony, as for the Omega, he was tense, waiting for any minute now, any second now for the woman to snap and take the child away from him.
They lay silently, basking in their closeness. Steve ended up massaging Tony's back gently, making the Alpha let out a gentle sigh in pleasure, making Steve kiss his forehead, and enjoy the closeness of his mate. By the time the knot finally subsides, Tony has turned completely into putty.
So what do you think?
A spooky chapter! Even if it was on the short side!
"Tyber is trying to twist the story around, stating that you were the mad queen who kept killing his children as sacrifices, but my people doubt his words, especially when they know about your blessing… I just wanted to know how many…?" The king started his question, only to close his mouth, pressing his lips tightly before sighing through his nose.
It was fifteen minutes later that the Omega finally moved, giving Steve the pictures that were in his hand. "My son…" The Omega ended up whispering when Steve took the photos and start going through them, giving a sad smile at the boy he saw. "Did you know?" Tony finally asked, voice cracking and vanishing, which made the Alpha close his eyes, taking a deep breath.
"If you feel like this, why don't you make it official by adopting me?" She asked with a smirk popping her gum, making Steve throw her a nasty look.
They walked for a little while until they reached the golden hall of Asgard, or more simply the throne room, to see Odin sitting on his throne with two big ravens perching on his throne looking at the Avengers with their small and black eyes, and Steven could hear everyone behind him shuffle closer to him, which made him blink at that. While everyone kneeled for Odin and showed him some respect, Steven stayed standing, glaring at the older man, a few decades earlier, before Steven knew of Loki's sacrifices through the queen of the New Asgard, he may have admired the man and showed him some respect, but in the light of what he has done to his adopted child and the pain he caused the nine realms for his idiocy, Steven will say Hell to the no to that, he wouldn't show respect toward some bully. Steven could see the king's one eye looking at him with a thoughtful look on his face, especially when Frigga whispered something in his ear.
"God, you are worse than my husband…" Steven said with a low chuckle, his eyes turning sad as he starts thinking about his late husband, which made Tony shifted in his place. "He used to say I was like black mamba, unsavory when I get mad or if someone angers me, but I kinda liked your explaining better, I did like the film when I first saw it." Steven gave Tony a little, smile which caused the Omega to flush but give a smile of his own.
So here Tony was, checking himself in the mirror, trying to see if he forgot something (Well, he was mainly trying to see if the suit he was showing his butt in a better light, making it perky and irresistible) the suit, unsurprisingly was all black; looking closely, anyone can confirm that the suit Tony was wearing was more suited for a funeral than a wedding. Who was Tony kidding though? The Addams family had always had a strange sense of fashion and love for the color black; the only color Tony has on his person was the red tie, which resembles the color of blood closely. If Tony had to say, he would swear that Serpentine dipped this tie in blood before forcing Tony to wear it; not that Tony was complaining, especially when his butt was looking great.
The sight made Tony's breath hitch, hope, and longing warring inside him as Tony turned to Steve, who was gazing at the dancing couples like he wanted to join them but didn't have it in him to do it. Steeling himself; Tony offering his hand to Steve while his heart pounded inside his chest like a crazy bird. "Will you honor me with this dance?" Tony asked, hoping that his voice didn't crack like he thought it did (it did).
Sam opened his mouth maybe to plea with the Omega to sit down least he fell, or maybe to call a shrink or a doctor, but Tony's blank look made him swallow. "I was able to get my hands on a few photos of the child, in many different cases this would have been impossible, but…" The Beta said as he gave Tony an envelope.
The next day you could see Rhodey and Tony working all around the house and the gardens surrounding Tony's home; from the outside of the house to the inside. Tony and Rhodey didn't leave an inch that they haven't put in their calculation of making the house more secure and protected. Yesterday, Tony and Rhodey spent all night checking and rechecking the places that they will install Jarvis' cameras, sensors, and speakers; Tony even updated the A.I.'s data. Nothing was going to stop Tony from protecting his home, not even himself.
What happened after they were done made Tony flush in happiness, and embarrassment; no one had ever cared about him as Steve did when he brought a soft towel as he cleaned him. Just thinking about it made something melt inside Tony's chest because no one he ever slept with cared about Tony when they were done because they will try to leave as fast as they can when they took what they wanted, even Ty. But Steve, amazing and gentle Steve didn't do that; he just cleaned Tony before carrying him to the bathroom, where a tube full of hot water was waiting for them to slide in.
Bucky gazed at her in a daze, looking to pale to be healthy, causing Serpentine to smile happily at that look; Bucky would have been a nice addition to the Addams family, not only because he was one of the normal who accepted their ways of life, but because he really loved her son, too bad her boy was in love with another who tolerate him at best.
"This is soooo stupid!" Tony whined, sitting up from his curled position on the floor and tidy himself as best as he can, grimacing as he wiped the line of drool on his face, that informed him that; yup, he was sleeping and drooling alright. Looking at the clock, Tony scrunched his nose when he saw that it was 12:00 A.M. did he miss his date with Steve or something? It was true that Steve never gave him a certain time when he asked him out for a date, but it was like the next day, right?
"I am g… going to pack…" Harley whispered his breath hitching as he stood up, sniffling as he tried to sidestep Tony and run to his room; Harley's words caused both Tony and Steve to freeze looking at each other with a confused look burden on horrified.
"You look beautiful…" A voice full of nostalgia and happiness stated behind him, causing Tony to blink his eyes and turn to the person behind him; when Tony saw his father, he gave the older Alpha a shy smile, his heart pounding in his chest at the addition; even then Tony couldn't help but wish that his Mom and Jarvis were here. "Maria and Jarvis would have been so happy to see you today; Maria will probably cry herself and ruin her makeup though, but she would have been so happy…" Both Tony and Howard gave a small laugh at the thought, and Tony tried desperately not to tear up, even when his heart clenched as he thought about his mother and Jarvis, and how the two of them would sigh in approval at the thought of him marrying the one he love.
He was so tired, that he wanted to end his life for once and for all, so Tony thought it all through. He calculates every way he could kill himself and how much time it would take him to do it. In the end, he stood up in his lab with a knife in his hand, and for the first time in two years, he smiled at the thought that he was finally going to be free. Though his smile fell off of his face as he felt someone push him and pulled the knife out of his hands.
The spent a few more minutes, with Steven telling his child more about the tree of life and the realms surrounding it, but it was put on hold when they heard the door to James's room being slammed open, making both the mother and son jump, Steven though, was able to hide the sheet of paper under a book he saw before standing and looking at the person behind him tensing when he saw Johann looking at them with a scowl on his face. Steven stood still as a rock while putting his son behind him, not taking his eyes off of Johann who walked toward the pair, frowning when he reached Steven, whose face was emotionless. "You bathed." Johann spat his words pointing to the lack of his scent on the Omega.
"Yes, you are… please, do not lie…" Tony stated, letting out a sigh when his daughter started tugging on his shirt, demanding that he gave her the attention she wanted. "I know that in your eyes, you are doing the right thing, protecting people and stopping another disaster from happening. But… what the two of you are doing is wrong, and I can't stress that enough. I don't say it because I care about Rogers, far from it, I say it because it wasn't only my trust you broke, but you endangered many lives with your games." Tony stated before he starts pouncing Morgan who gave a tired whine. "I can't forgive you… or in reality, I don't want to forgive you. Not now at least, so please just… just leave me alone for now." Tony pleaded, going to his house, ignoring how Peggy tried to stop him, only for Bucky to shake his head.
At the mention of his father the pup fidgets in Tony's lap which made the Omega's heart nearly stop as scenario after scenario flashed through the Omega's mind, from the Alpha abusing the pup that he ran away, to the Alpha not even knowing the pup was not home. "Papa… 's at… work." The pup said which made Tony's lips press into a thin line and he raised the pup's face to look in his eyes.
"Let's go, the doctors are waiting…" Steve said which made Tony's smile falter a little before it returns and he chatters with Peter for a little while before opening the backseat's door and putting Peter in the car, saying something that made Peter giggle before fastening the seatbelt, and opened the passenger's door for Steve with a hopeful smile, making the Omega shake his head and sigh, but he got inside of the car, ignoring the radiating smile on Tony's face as he fastened the belt, and Steve couldn't help his lips from twitching up when Tony was acting like a puppy who wanted to please.
“I need to speak to you, father. In private.” Where Thor would normally share every thing with Loki, he can’t share this.
“Who’s the purple guy?” The one with the demolition ball – Thunderball if he wasn’t mistaken – asked.
“Sir, we lost him.”
“Go.”
“Why do I have a feeling that drinking straight out of a bottle of tequila would be safer than a sip of this?” Bruce questioned Clint as he made his way out of the pool and toward the patio chairs.
Tony kept working them both into his hand, although he was having a hard time keeping them both in his one hand. When their lips finally parted Tony rested his forehead against Steve’s and looked down at where they were rutting against each other. “Christ, Steve. Look at you.” He swept his thumb on the head of Steve’s cock, collecting precum, and brought it up for a taste. “So good.”
“Shit. Just my luck.”
“Has anyone ever told you guys you are too stressed?” Sam teased, earning an eye roll from Steve and a piece of orange to the face, courtesy of Bruce.
Clint also ended up leaving the student at a rest stop 5 miles outside of Salt Lake but given that it was so close to a major city, he didn’t feel bad. At least they could get help soon enough, and by that time he would probably be in another state so there was no danger.
“Howard! I am so sorry. I have no idea what-” Steve grabs a rag from the counter and hands it to Howard who yanks it toward his face with his free hand.
“Are you kidding me?” Clint yells as yet another one of the trainees gets taken out on the course in the exact same place as the last 5 newbies. “Are any of them even trying?” He’s not talking to anyone in particular, but he knows more than a few Agents can hear him.
“No.” A few minutes pass in silence and Natasha thinks that is all he is willing to say on the subject. She’s about to change the subject when he speaks again. “It’s a hard topic for me to talk about, you know? So, I just avoid it whenever possible. Steve knows what everybody else knows, but no real details.”
“Look, Cap is probably down in the gym right now with Sam. Maybe if you go down there before Coulson gets here and explain that it was an ‘
Bruce shakes off a phantom touch and reaches for the bottle of champagne he doesn’t remember buying, heading toward his room.
Betty had gotten a very loud and apparently very necessary call from Jane at 4 am after the machine – the LITOS - she was currently working with received some interesting data that could “lead to a change in the way people travelled” – at least that is what Bruce could decipher from Betty’s end of the conversation. “Yeah, did she call you too?”
“What was all that about?” Sam asked, still looking a little confused.
Tony smiled and shook his head. “About a team trip. If you’d bother to pay attention,” he gave him a pointed look, “You’d know that we were just discussing taking some time off. We’ve saved this city one too many times and we need a break.”
“You know you love it.”
“Yeah, yeah Stark, we get it. With Cap at your side, you can do anything. Whatever. Now stop flirting and don’t start drinking till everyone has their drinks.” Clint turned his attention to the rest of the team. “Bruce, Tasha, what will it be?”
“No.” Natasha answered for Clint as she got up to get juice from the fridge. “Coulson is probably going to come by later and tell him though, which is why I told Clint he should man up and apologize before Steve finds out.”
They stood in silence for a minute, until Steve was sure that no one had followed.
Tony nods and takes a shaky breath, leaning against Natasha for a second.
“Harmless human? I do believe it was you that once said, ‘bitch, from where?’” Thor lets out a booming laugh, earning a glare from Clint.
Sparring with Sif was exactly what he had needed. There was nothing like losing yourself in the mists of battle to make Thor’s worries disappear. Fandral, Hogun, and Volstagg joining in their friendly spar session only made things better. Amongst his friends there was no time for his mind to wander and Thor could forget about everything.
“Shut up.” Tony gave him one last push and stuck his tongue out at him. “That was paint from your damn mural and you know it.”
“And I believe you owe me a dance.” Peggy added quietly from his side.
“No one is going to mock you Steve, come on out.” Natasha supplied from somewhere outside the dressing room and he heard someone mutter “speak for yourself” before hearing what sounded like someone’s hand connecting to the back of someone’s head. If he’d had to guess, he’d say Natasha had just smacked Tony for his comment.
“Tony.” Steve whimpered as the other man kissed down his neck and started nipping at his collarbone. “Please.”
“What can I do for you Mr. Williams?”
He sighs, admonishing himself for the thought. It’s stupid. He needs to get out of his head and stop dwelling on dreams.
Tony smiled at Steve then turned to stick his tongue out at Clint as he handed them their drinks.
Steve moaned into the kiss and dragged his hands down Tony’s back, feeling the muscles ripple under his touch. He slipped his hands under Tony’s shorts and kneaded his ass before tugging at the offending material. He wanted Tony naked above him. He needed to feel every inch of him. He told him as much and Tony smirked down at him and made his way down Steve’s body, kissing down his chest.
“That is the last time you agree to a drinking contest with a god.” Natasha chastised Clint as she led him up the stairs.
“What the hell was that?” The Scottish Agent asks.
“Iron Man, wait for backup.” Steve called out. This was exactly what he had been afraid of.
“Tony.” Pepper calls out from behind him. “Everything alright?”
“What has you so riled up?” Bruce asks, breaking into a smile himself and reaching for Betty.
“It’s different because you promised you’d start coming to meetings after you blew up the west wing of R&D.” Pepper retorted as she took the tablet from his hands. “Do you want me to remind you of the event leading up to that incident?”
“Yeah? And who is our employer?” The one holding the demolition ball asked.
Lately it was always unnerving to come home to an empty apartment, though he couldn’t understand why. Bruce can’t help but feel an acute sense of loss. By all accounts it doesn’t make sense since he’s been alone for a while. No anniversaries are coming up to remind him of what he lost and yet, here he is again feeling utterly and ridiculously alone.
They walk around Nat's car, getting in while still chatting, Tony talking a mile a minute, but no one said a thing; everyone had a big smile on their faces as they listen to his happy chat. "Look what we brought!" Pepper called out with a happy smile, giving Tony a case that made him give a strangled sound before pulling the case to him and open it with a grin, nearly squealing when he saw it was the same laptop he gave to Rhodey and Pepper for safekeeping, and Tony wondered if his A.I. was still on.
It should be him, it should be him on this bed now; it should be him suffering for all the mistakes he did, it should be him. The last thing Tony can do was tell his mate that he loves him, at least he has to tell him that he loves him for one last time, it was the last thing he can do; Tony though, he can't, he was frozen, he was hurt, he was speechless and useless, and Steve was going to die without hearing that Tony love him more than he loved anyone in his goddammit life…
.' Tony could only shake as he held Steve and Peter tightly, trying to banish the horrifying thoughts of losing Steve again. Disbelieve finally made way for hope and happiness, the joy of having the love of his life back was exhilarating, this time Tony would do things differently, this time Tony would make sure to protect Steve from anything that would cross their way and he hoped that Steve wasn't stupid enough to try and play the martyr once more. His family happy chatting in the background, made Tony relaxes and lets out a relieved and happy laugh… Steve was back…
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, time skips, mention of character's death, near mental break down, crying, violence, and we got to meet a lot of different characters! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"I am sorry!" Harley suddenly shouted startling Tony and causing his eyes to widen when he saw the tears starting to run down Harley's face. "I am sorry, I was the one who broke the glass; Peter didn't pump into me he just said it to protect me; I tripped, and I… I am sorry, please, don't punish Peter, he didn't mean to lie." Harley trembled as he starts babbling, saying '
and he had to laugh when he saw Thor hugging Loki and crying loudly, ignoring how Loki was cursing and trying to shake his brother's gripe so he can escape.
"Who are Björn and Hvítur Úlfur?" The king asked instead of answering, his words causing Steven's breath to hitch and for him to look away, his heart pounding inside of his chest as he bit the inside of his cheek, hoping that what he heard was nothing but his imagination; no one, no one other than his people knew about these names... or stories as Steven liked to think of. "You were calling those names when you were asleep… are they the name and title of James's…" The king asked his words trailing at the end like he doesn't know if he should continue the question or drop the matter altogether.
A place where Steve is happy and healthy and alive, a place where Steve never suffers because of his mistakes, a place where his baby boy is healthy; where his boy is running around the place like any child his age without fear or pain or hurt.
…' Peggy could only hiss those words as she clenched her fists ready to hit Tony, but she was stopped by the scent of an angry Omega… a very angry Omega that was coming from Clint who was marching toward Peggy with a gun in his hand… really? What the hell is going on here?! "What are you doing here, Carter? You know that you are not welcomed around these parts anymore." Clint hissed, raising his gun, which caused Tony to flinch and try desperately to stop himself from raising his hands in surrender.
"Shut your yapping hole, arrogant Alpha, this realm does not stop for you no matter how much you order it!" Snapped the Omega back which made Jamti blink at that in shock looking at his friend to see that he was back to glaring at the Omega like he was some unpleasant creature he stumbled upon in his voyage, though the smirk on Loki's face as he eyed the Omega with interest stumped him, considering that the green eyes Alpha showed no interest in anyone…
"You know, Hydra King of The South, I have met many kings during my voyages." Steven heard the Alpha said as he tightened his hand on Steven's wrist. "And of all the horrible men I faced, you are undeniably one of the most despisings of them all." Steven hissed at the king who starts pulling him toward the doors. "Considered your debts paid, your queen was smart enough to offer a sacrifice, so worry not." Johann pauses a little then he beamed at the thought that he will live to see another day.
"Who the fuck said that?" Tony squeaked something that Tony was tired from promising himself to deny but couldn't. It was a few minutes of staying tense (waiting for death) before Tony saw it; a floaty, white shadow that was floating down from his ceiling, causing Tony to turn as white as a sheet when he realized what his eyes were seeing. "A ghost? Huh? I must be insane… no, no, I'm pretty much sane. Oh God, Steve has finally got me, he finally killed me! Oh God, I'm dead!" Tony let out a whine, trying not to start sobbing because then it meant he admit losing to Steve, which was so not fair!
“Considering that all pharmacies we’ve come across have been cleaned out, this medical centre would be our only shot at getting anything that’s still available. Most would avoid it by themselves but with our group, we have a chance.”
“Is Peter ok?!” Steve shouted from the front. Worry in his voice as he finally slows down the car. Going a near silent cruising pace. “Yeah! Yeah...he’s ok, just scared” murmuring in his son’s ear soothingly, he rubbed his back trying to keep Peter calm. Eventually he drifted off, the lulling of the car sending him into fitful dreams.
“He...I never told the father, didn’t think he would have wanted a part of this. Me and him didn’t part ways on good terms. I didn’t want to seem as though I was looking to trap or trying to gain attention...”
Shaking his head, Bucky glanced around for anything and, on a whim, looked up. He does a double take. There! A trapdoor! Grinning Bucky grabs Tony’s arm, they'll make it out of here yet.
Another awkward silence. Apparently unable to take it much more Clint nudged Tony’s foot with his, “So Stark, what kind of farm did you run? Didn’t take you to be the wheat kind of farmer personally. More corn I bet” Grinning at the ribbing Tony snorts at him.
“The hell Steve! You nearly gave me a heart attack!” Snarling, Tony shoves the chuckling Dom away and tried to get up but is held in place by Bucky’s stupid metal arm. “Let me up Terminator!”
Clint the whole time had been looking at Peter and speaks up finally. “Let us stay, to help protect him, I mean, sure you could most likely do ok by yourself but chances are much higher, if your in a group right? So lets make a deal? We stay, help out, you can concentrate more on your son when and if we have to run. We get a place to stay, win win”
Huffing out a breath Clint rolls his shoulders and sighs,”well looks like we won’t be sleeping in the golden halls anytime soon…what now Capt? Oh, captain my captain?”
“What shell we do about Steve? We have to come up with a plan as soon as possible, the longer we leave it the more chance of something bad happening…”
Clapping his hands together the group leave the basement, taking a few bottles with them for later. For once, things were looking good for them all. Wade looks to be handling the virus well, they have a stable (for now) home with many rooms to hide and use. Bruce and Tony have talked already a little bit about making a lab here. A place where they can tend to their wounded better.
“Go fish Petey!”
Grinning, Tony leant forward, chin tipped up in a silent request for a kiss as Steve approached them, which Steve happily gave him. Just a gentle press of Steve’s lips against Tony’s that filled both of them with warm contentment.
“Oh right! Loki came with me!” At that Thor turns and points up on top of a building where indeed, the younger sibling lounged on an ac unit. Idly inspecting his nails.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter! Haha kickass Tony is finally making an appearance!
“That sounds fine with me, I’ll take Negasonic back with me to the others Colossus- you and Yukio would be the best ones to go talk to their group.”
Sighing Steve rubbed at his own growing beard, “I actually wanted to head back on ourselves a bit. That lightning from last night? I thin it may be Thor.”
~~ ~ ~
Tony took in both Bucky’s and Natasha’s advice, nodding slowly as he thought it over, though most of his focus was on the tech that was stored in the room next door. Ideas and plans formulating in his mind on ways to use it all, mentally calculating the parts that each item would have.
Still, Bucky locks the door behind them, in case if Peter comes running up he assures Tony when he asks.
Rolling onto his back to check on Wade, he notices that Wade is already awake and staring out of the window. Watching the rain with a peaceful expression. For a few moment’s they stayed like that, just listening to the rain’s lullaby.
Anyways- enjoy!!
“So what’s the plan? Where were you’re group headed?”
“Everything will be fine, ok? Everything will be fine...” Biting his lip, he can’t help but feel guilty for lying. What else can he say? Taking a deep breathe, he pushes Peter to stand and groans as he gets off the hard floor himself. “Lets go and see if the others are ready huh?” Flashing a comforting smile, offering a hand, they head back down stairs after quickly stopping for Tony to change.
It’s been an hour into their wait and they’ve seen Sam and Steve go to 3 other stores on this street in that time, bags looking fuller each time they see them. Nat is sat in the drivers seat, waiting and ready to go while Clint stands at the rear, keeping watch in Nat’s blind spot. Eyes focused on the surrounding buildings and cars for anyone hiding or well trying to hide from them.
On the verge of pulling strands of his hair out in frustration, Tony kept pulling up blanks in his mind- even Natasha had nothing from her time with shield or Red room that could help. If anyone hated not knowing something, it’s Natasha. She often took pride in having so much knowledge and knowing the important people in life, if Natasha didn’t know everything about you yet, it was only a matter of time before she did.
No, dead sky
“Here we are!”
Pushing the door to his room open after a quick warning knock, Steve swiftly stepped inside and  gently closed the door behind him, his eyes immediately moving to Bucky and Tony who are snuggled on a padded window seat. Tony had his back against Bucky’s chest as the Dom leant back against the wall, his head resting against the wall as he closed his eyes while Tony read a book, sat between Bucky’s powerful legs.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“What If they’re not here? We gonna stay instead as its starting to get dark old man.” Pausing to cuff Wade lightly for that old man comment, Bucky nods in agreement. “Yeah, we will stay ether way kiddo”
Dead Nation has found the end.
Eats the living and the living eat the soul.
Sighing heavily, Sam holds the walkie-talkie; which Bucky had given him back once Sam had come back down with the others. Everyone’s eyes are immediately drawn to the name taped onto the front, then almost as one, they all turn to look at Tony who pales a bit. Eyes trained on the device.
The exact same smile Tony had seen countless times on history reels from the war. In the photos displayed in exhibits at the museums. A smile that, Tony had fantasied much more about as a child than most teenage boys ought to. Dreamt of it being aimed at him when he did something good or did something that amused Barnes. Having that very same smile aimed at him, was phenomenal.
“Aye, he did but we had time to talk things over when dealing with our own home issues. I know he will help us friend. Please give him a chance to prove himself? I will keep a close eye on him.”
“So kiddo, anyway out of here past this lovely group and loose them at the same time?”
With a grateful smile, Bucky catches Tony’s eye and nods at him before turning to give Tony his back. Quickly soaping up his hands Tony finally gets a good look at Bucky’s back.
”I… I mean we, wanted to just-“ Steve makes motions with his hands his face twisted into a confused like state of contemplation. As if not sure how to voice his words. “ wanted to apologise. We wanted to try and clear the air between us all. For ages now I’ve wanted to talk to you and just, lay things to rest between us? Whether things could progress better from there or we went our separate ways again after ? Up to you, I just felt like we owe it to you to talk.”
Wasn’t that a sobering thought.
“Why the hell do we need these?!” Bewildered, Bucky pockets the one of each on his person, Steve pockets a bouncy ball but hands back the bomb, not quite comfortable holding it. He prefers his shield as a weapon of choice.
Loki was equally as troubled but was managing to keep a perfectly blank face. However, even that in itself was just as telling.
Gasping in mock horror, Tony put his hand over a fan vent quickly, “Hush! She will hear you! Don’t listen to the silly Dom baby girl!”
“Damnit! We’re trapped!” Clint looks around franctically and pushes anything he can against the walls to try and further delay the deado’s. Tony however is just pale, looking out at the group with pure dread and hopelessness at their situation.
In the back Natasha is riffling through the pouches on the backs of the front seats and grins as she finds candy bars and a map. Handing out the sweet chocolate she shakes out the map.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“I refuse to be sent to Asgard when I can help!” Tony paced the front room of their hideaway, seething. The rest of the team sat about watching him wearily as Tony clutches at a gun. The gods themselves were outside trying to call Heimdell to get help and make sure some could escort Tony and the kids. The kids were sitting upstairs, keeping themselves quiet and out of the way, with Wade watching for Deado’s.
Movement from his left catches his attention, head snapping in that direction Bucky brings up his knives again. Upon seeing who it actually is, he falters and lowers them again.
Chuckling, Bucky reached up and switched off the water, despite the pout Tony aimed at him. “None of that now, Junior needs to use the bathroom” winking, Bucky ducks his head to peck a kiss on Tony’s lips before slipping out of the shower stall. He grabs a towel, wrapping it around his waist securely, grabbing another he wraps it around Tony’s shoulders. Unlocking the door he herds Tony out into the bedroom and pushes him gently towards a shocked Steve.
“Captain, please do not attack my brother-“
To cover more ground the group split up into smaller groups, Sam and Bruce together, Clint and Nat and the last group being Steve, Tony and Peter.
“This isn’t what this looks like…”
Pausing at Sam’s reaction, Tony grin’s cheekily, “it’s just an arm Sam, hardly going to bite you.” chuckling with amusement as Sam quickly picks the arm back up, a slight blush can be seen on his darkened cheeks. Without further delay, Tony brings down the machete onto the neck, severing the head from the body.
“We have to, it’s to dangerous Sam. I have Peter to think about, he’s to young to fight. Me and Bucky made a deal that if the safety of the group was at stake, we would leave the other behind if we had to. Right now, as much as it pains me, we have to go. I left a note for him so he can track us, put his pack on the table by the note please?”
“Is the place where your group is stationed safe? What is your group like?  I don’t want to move to a place easily invaded sweetie”
“Warning us would have been nice you little punk! Jesus between you and Steve I’m surprised I’m not entirely grey”
“Sure thing”
“Logan told us what happened, I’m sorry this has happened to your group. We would all like to extend our help to your group in defending against Francis and get your friend back”
Nodding in understanding, Bucky ushers the others behind him in faster asking Loki to close the double doors behind them. Opening his mouth to start asking questions when two others; that cause’s him to tense up again; join them.
Silently, Thor took out the device and passed it over once they pulled to a stop. Sam’s sharp intake of breath told Thor that Sam must have had a similar feeling as he did. Whatever is on the other side of this device, could not surely be anything good. Thor dreaded handing it over to Tony once inside.
“Shit, right Tony and Peter are over there I’ll go get them if you can get that deado out?”
come scream me on tumblr (under same user name) as i dont always check messages on here. I love hearing what you guys think and what parts you loved reading! Unbetad so any mistakes are mine, bare in mind I use British English spelling not American English.
“Yeah, Thor should be back soon anyway-“
“Thor?! As in the lightning god?” Eyebrows disappearing into his hairline Sam put his mug down after draining it. His breathing leaving him heavily at the nod of confirmation Steve gives him.
“Thor?! You mean god of thunder Thor?!” Jumping excitedly, Wade peers around the sides of Bucky, eyes wide with wonder and awe when he spots the god. “It’s Thor!!” Pointing erratically,  Wade tugs at Bucky to go towards the god. Chuckling good naturedly, happy to see the kid happy finally he allows himself to be pulled along to Thor.
Trying to steer the conversation to something happier Natasha smiles at the toddler, “So who’s your father?”
It almost makes them all jump when they get a reply.
They had already done a supply run, they didn’t have any reason to stay other than a quick reprieve. They can’t stay here though, there’s little in the way of defence. They ideally need a place on high ground to be able to see around for any incoming hordes, rather than always knowing nearly to late. As he pondered on what to do next, he recalls the lightning from several hours ago.
“Er, doll- what are these?” Bucky holds up a weird rubber-like spiky ball. “Another explody device?”
It was the type of skill that made them more capable of making harsh decisions. All Steve could do was trust Bucky to get out of this alive, find them again. Right now his main concerns were Peter and Tony. He could not fail them again. Not now in a world that’s itching to tear you apart.
“I will come straight back ok? Once I’ve checked the gate and closed them to make sure no group of Deado’s get in. I promise I won’t be long” Smiling Bruce ruffle Wade’s hair, urging him back inside the car.  “Make sure you keep these doors shut tight ok?” With the last wave, Bruce jogs down the drive needing to get there fast, so that he can get back faster.
This is the second part to chapter 11! Caution for possble distress causing scene near the endbut this is a zombie fic. Let me know your thoughts! this was gong to orginally be a bit longer but the ending just seemed less and didn’t work when i added on bits after so. Cut it off there.
They manage to get the camper hitched up without any issues and back into the truck to continue on their way to the shops, Steve takes of his shield from his back as Clint suggested and holds it in front of him. Taking a defensive crouching position with Sam just behind him as Nat drives, all of them keeping a sharper eye out for any movement.
Carefully but quickly, Tony makes his way over to the old Sub. His chest squeezing at the sight of the poor women.
“Ok Steve, word of warning before we go in, it’s not exactly pretty in here ok? I only got a glimpse when the bitch came at me-“ they pass the body of said female just outside the bottom basement door that look to be made specifically to sound proof the room beyond it. “But what I did see, wasn’t good and I think another is in there…” trailing off, Bucky got a knife out and ready as Steve raised his shield in front ready to charge at whatever may be on the other side. Nodding at Bucky once ready.
Ok i know itsbeen a while but i ended up wth a concussion and i was making this a two parter so two chapters at once! Hope you all like this! Drop me a message or come scream at me on tumblr under the same name. i will say this though, some distressing themes will happe here on out. so please stop reading if the possibility of kids getting hurt upsets you. im keeping it minimal but it is possible to showup.
“I am, this here is Yukio, those two over there is Logan and Negasonic” Colossus points to each person as he introduces them to the trio.
If Tony fell apart, how would that reflect onto Peter? His son looks up to him for protection and guidance. He blames all this on being so close all the time to Dom’s, affecting his hormones causing them to fluctuate most likely! Yeah…Tony was going to go with that. There had been studies that prolonged exposure to Dom’s could affect Sub’s.
“Hey Brucie, rough few days?” Whispering, Tony grins a bit as he nudges his old science buddy. Humming, Bruce glances at Tony before turning his curious gaze onto Wade, the scientist was intrigued as well as baffled by the boy.
frowned a he thought about the medical centre.
Eventually, they make it to the town they wanted. They stop short, hanging back in the trees bushes to look in on the town from up a hill. Down below Clint and Bucky and Loki scan the town. The rest are in the vehicles in case they need a quick getaway. Down below in the small town, the trio can’t yet see any Deado’ but the can hear them. Bucky managed to pinpoint the sounds mostly coming from the west side of the town. Going by the sound of the groans and growls, it’s a fairly large group.
“I’m sorry to doll for not staying around more at the time to help you. If one of us had the sense to hang around more to support you at that moment. You could have kept your old life, not to of had to hide.” Bucky’s voice went quiet as he clutches his cup like a lifeline. “After the truth of your parents you still went out of your at to help me. Brought me peace and a safe place to get to grips. I owe you so much doll.”
“We’ll stay put and keep a look out” Tony confirmed for him, watching as the two super soldiers stood and made their way down stairs to the basement.
The world froze. No one wanted to react in case it broke whatever spell had been cast. Hoping the beings outside may have somehow miraculously missed the sneezes.
Spotting the table in the kitchen with his pack and such left, he grins snatching up the hastily written note.
“What?! No! No oh god, no baby boy you didn’t do anything wrong. It’s just, well, daddy and them didn’t get along to well back when I was an avenger” He forgot how perceptive kids could be. Damnit, he couldn’t have Peter think anything was his fault! Pulling his son into a cuddle, sitting down he smooth’s out the messy brown locks that greatly resembles Tony’s own birds nest for hair.
“You mean Captain America looking guy?” Colossus asks, tilting his head as looks back down the street.
Oh man i rewrote this so many time and was stuck for so long which is the main reason this took so long to write but i did make it extra longer so forgive me? :)
“Oh god, a hot shower sounds so good right now…wait, together?” Pausing Tony turns his head to look at Bucky from over his shoulder. To his credit, Bucky did actually blush a bit as he seems to think about what he just said.
“I’m so glad you’re ok Buck, I knew you would make it.” Smiling Steve leaned back relaxing into the plush cushions.
“What do you want to do about this Steve?” She keeps her tone soft, trying to encourage him to talk. Also hoping the softer tone will help calm him.
“Is it unlocked?” Pulling on the door carefully, Sam cracks opens the camper van just a smidge and nods at Steve who comes around to his side. “Good, I’ll go in and check the bathroom, stand watch for me ok?”
“I’ve found one!” Clint calls from just ahead of the group, grinning he holds up his hand to wave tem over. A land Rover is the car he was looking in. Keys still in the ignition, ready to go. Gas full, or near enough full.  A quick check in the back seats and the boot reveal the car to be clear of any hidden surprises. With a determined look Steve takes the drivers seat as the others pile in and they drive.
“Tony stand down, please? They helped us out in town, we were attacked by a group and they helped save us from all being shot.” Hands raised in a placating gesture, Sam edges slowly to place himself between Tony and the two new comers. “You all are going to want to hear what they have to say,”
“I thought first labours took average of 16 hours?” Grinning Tony nods, lost in the memory.
Sam could understand her concern, that’s why they have people seeing each group, to see them for themselves without having everyone in potential danger. Thankfully its Yukio who speaks up as she packs away some of their supplies, an opinion they would trust.
“Tony...we...why the hell do you think we would do that?! Christ we aren’t heathens!”
The ride back was slow but silent, not wanting to attract any Deado’s  as they made their way through the streets, they were also on high alert for any ambushes from Francis’s group. Weapons gripped tightly and senses dialed to 11. The hooting of an owl making them all jump at one point.
It’s not long till they all hear footsteps coming down the hall, even Loki pauses from cleaning his weapons to see if Bruce brings good news. Excited, Peter drops his cutlery as he scrambles out of his chair and he would have fallen off in his rush had Steve not managed to grab him in time.
Taking a deep breath, Steve looks at Bucky- Who’s looking back warmly, nodding at him that he likes this plan. Grinning, Steve faces forward again. “Looks like we have a plan then, lets find a small village or something and get a map!”
“Look daddy! We’re playing go fish and I picked up this card!” Grinning Peter shows Tony the same card he showed Wade. Humming Tony look at it and grins, “nice card kiddo. Unfortunately it’s bed time you two hellion.”
“Tony?!” Lowering his gun and shield Steve can’t help but stare at Tony. The only sub their group had who Fury had kicked out of the group after the invasion led by Loki. Post Battle Tony’s pheromone covers had worn off and Natasha reported back that Tony, who everyone had thought to be a dom. Was actually a sub...It caused a massive rift in the group, they had all come to like Tony, he and Tony had even shared a small passion filled moment. It had hurt them to find out they had been lied to. Fury, in light of this had decided to inform others. It had gone from there, Stark had lost his company to Pepper who had tried to help him but Tony had asked her not to. He wanted someone he trusted to run SI.
“Thor, why isn’t he in prison?”
As Clint look at the cars down he end of the street, focusing on a red, dusty Toyota, he thinks he saw something move by it, as focused as he is he doesn’t realise movement from the building to his left on the roof. Which also happens to be in Nat’s blind spot as well.
“Goodnight boys, sleep well ok? Anything wrong we will be just down stairs.” Getting two sleepy nods in acknowledgment, Tony shuts the door most of the way. Leaving only a sliver of a gap.
“aye, nice to meet you all though wish it was under better circumstances.”
“I and Loki can sit in the back, we are much stronger and able to protect ourselves from these walking dead. Do not worry” Thor assures him smiling at Sam who still looked dubious. Thinking about it Steve had to admit they needed something bigger if they were going to be saving others.
Practically everyone raised their hand or voiced their agreement verbally, even the kids waved heir hands about. Excited by the prospect of having new people around.
“Aye, the Avengers are a strong group, joining together we would be stronger. We have vehicles outside to move you all back to our place tonight if you wish to join us?”
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Twitching his nose, it started to tickle. The tickling getting more intense as the urge to sneeze made itself known. He couldn’t do anything about it either! He had to stay still and pray the urge past. Twitching his nose to try and get rid of the feeling, Tony could feel dread sit in his stomach like a rock.
“Thor was definitely here in this area recently Steve. But where is he now?” As if on cue they hear clanging and swearing coming from a nearby house. A voice that sounds just like…
Cursing again, Steve can already hear the fencing groan and creak, splinters already happening as the massive horde rush the fencing. Desperate for the warm flesh they know to be close. Behind he hears Clint grunt as he takes down the dead that are coming up behind them all. Hurrying he opens the car and urges Tony and his son in, Bruce running to the other side with Bucky as they both get in. Turning to call the spy’s to jump in, he hears the fencing give way and the horde Surge forward. Stepping over fallen ones in their blind search.
Getting closer Steve looks at the note silently reading it.
However, as their luck seems to go, the biting minions from hell started to rain hell on Earth putting them on hold. Despite this fledgling romance between them, they know when to put aside their desires and emotions. Being in the army at one time had helped them be able to compartmentalise their thoughts. Bringing logic to the front and block out anything else.
Bruce frowned as he and the boys waited outside in the car, the others having gone inside around 40 minutes ago. His eyes, however, kept straying to the gate at the bottom of the driveway. He had a bad feeling in his gut about leaving it open, it was telling him that, at any moment a group of Deado’s could get in easily. If the group from earlier came back, they could be potentially overrun and killed in moments. The longer he sat there, the stronger the urge to close the gates got. After 20 minutes of waiting, the urge was unbearable. He was blaming Hulks instincts for this.
Tony seemed to think over his answer as he checked the maths ticking everything that was right and pointing out any mistakes, circling them. “I want to keep things as routine as possible, he’s a bright kid Barton. He needs stimulation, reading he will need to recognise words on things that he may need to look for in the future. The maths, well, he likes it. Taking away structure to his routine makes thing’s more difficult.” Looking up Clint can see the sadness in his eyes, “by doing this, I can try and keep things as calm and as normal as I can. Let him have as much of a normal childhood as I can, for as long as I can. He’s going to have to grow up quickly sooner or later.”
“You got any weapons?” Surprised, Sam nods and gestures to a corner where his bags are laid. A rifle and a machete lay against the bag. “How much ammo you have left?”
Spotting a hill ahead, perfect to slow down the deado’s, he dodges another set of hands pushing himself harder. His legs have started to burn from the continued running, his lungs starting to protest. He will have to find somewhere safe to hide soon before they really do give out.
‘dead inside. Lots. Do not go in’
Seeing as Cap was taken this time- a super soldier beef tank that took down hydra in his prime, was a massive cause for concern. Could they now take on the Nordic Gods? Hulk? Why attack and kidnap and not ask the Avengers to join instead?
“Ok,” Clint nods in acknowledgment to that, “say we do find another group, how do we determine they’re safe to bring back?” Raising an eyebrow, Clint tilts his head to the side to look up at Steve from a  better angle, “I mean, for all we know they could try playing us right? I’m assuming you have some form of plan of action in place?”
“You did well, show us the way in and lets get what we need fast, are the patients locked in?”
“Bruce could go with! I mean, he struggles to keep the big guy in due to the constant stress; so gong to Asgard would allow him to take a breather. After a while, He and I can swap. At least, if that’s ok with you, Bruce? The kids will have someone they can trust nearby, and we can help keep Hulk calm?”
“Cross my heart Cap, I’ll be a good boy the entire time, scouts honour.” Smirking up at the Dom, Tony cheekily salutes at him, winking for added measure. “Oh and Bruce wants this if anyone can find it,” smirking Tony hands Steve a piece of paper that has the item Bruce wants scribbled down on. Raising an eyebrow, Steve gives Tony an incredulous look but nods pocketing the bit of paper without another word.
“Aye Captain.”
Despite seeing it several times already, it was still hard for Tony to believe that Bucky would aim this smile at him.
“Next horde, Steve can take a fucking run.” Grumbling he pushes away one of the deado’s and dodges another’s grasping hands. Overhead he could hear the start of a thunderstorm brewing and cursed. He was really starting to hate the rain as well now.
Bruce looks at the place nervously, for obvious reasons. “I’ll stay out here with the kids and the dog…we will sit in the car and beep if anything happens ok? But er, I don’t think me going in there would be wise…”
No, dead nation, flies right on by.
“We can help protect you, take turns keeping watch?” Natasha speaks quietly, calmly like you would a startled animal. With a harsh laugh Tony looks at them as though he can’t believe what their saying. “Protect me? Please don’t kid yourselves. I Don’t want back stabbers around thanks” his voice lowers to a growl “just go, I don’t want a fight in front of peter but I will if I have to...”
Relaxing, Tony leaned back into the contact and closed his eyes, letting his mind wander as they simply soaked in the other’s presence and warmth.
“Nearly finished Terminator ok? I’ll have you smelling of roses in no time,” Grinning cheekily, Tony starts on washing the front of Bucky’ body, using quick efficient strokes, the dirt was soon being washed away down the drain. Tony took his time though to carefully clean the metal arm. Working away as much grime as he could, for now, already the arm was moving better as gunk was cleaned from between the plates.
Sighing, knowing his son won’t allow him to kick the group out now he gives them a stern look. “Fine, you can all stay, someone can have the spare room or you can all use it I don’t care. Or you can use the sofas down stairs. No complaining no debate. Understood? If your staying here you will do as I say. Any arguments without good reason and I’ll shoot you got it? “ his demands are met his hasty nods of agreement.
Spluttering while trying to fight down his blush, Tony squirmed out of Bucky’s grip, straightening his clothes and subtly tugging at the collar of his shirt.
“Clint? What the hell, is everything ok?” Worriedly Bucky stands from his crouching position on the floor. “Where’s Stevie and Nat?”
“If you take the next right, we should be at a farm...if this map is correct that is” Natasha reads off to Steve. Who’s starting to grow weary at driving, the sun would be setting soon. They hope, if anyone still lives here, that they can stay. If not, well lets hope its not over run and they can still stay!
“Do you think this has something to do with Francis?” Sam wondered quietly, his voice barely above a whisper in the suddenly vast entrance hallway.
With great reluctance Steve stood up an hour later, gently as he could he shook Tony awake. His sensitive ears picking up Natasha in starting to move about in the other room.
Heaving a sigh, Sam approaches forward a bit into the crowded room, eyes trailing over each person as he silently evaluates them all.
“How do we want to do this, we need to do a general run on the other shops as well so do we hit the medical centre or the town shops first?” Getting out of the truck they took to be able to carry everything they find, leaving the car for the others in-case of an emergency; Steve checked his gear and weapons as he directed his question to the others.
Pulling Wade close, Tony rocks the distraught child soothingly, rubbing his hand up and down his back trying to calm Wade.
“Wait, you know this group that attacked us? Who are they and why would they attack us?” Bewildered, Natasha plants her feet in a aggressive stance, she want answers now and by god she’s going to get them.
He would find them all again. He had to.
Was he still pissed? Maybe a bit, was he mostly bitter? Oh definitely.
Taken back by Tony’s abruptness, Steve falters before pulling himself back together. “Ok, well how much food is there left? Do we need to make a run to another nearby farm? Or to the city?” There’s a pause as Tony thinks it over, mentally going over all that’s in stock back at the house.
“Good to know Tony,”
“FUCK!”
Dread slivers through Nat the more Logan talks but she can’t help but wonder why they would take Steve, they must know he’s one of he more dangerous ones of their group so why the risk?
“They found this outside the gates on the way back home, it’s obvious that it’s Francis playing with us. We wanted to have everyone vote on calling now or waiting, find our what everyone thought as if we turn this on, there will most likely only be stress waiting for us on the other end.”
“no problem doll-“
Taking a deep breath, Steve tries to reign it all back in. The last thing they need is a deado hearing him having a moment in the bushes.
Hands gripping the shield tightly, Natasha walks back towards the truck, dreading having to break the news to the others and even more having to break the news to Tony and Bucky back home.
So in a sense, there wasn’t any real bad blood between them, more awkwardness of not knowing how to act around the other. The awkwardness that comes from not seeing someone for so long and having no idea what to say. Like with Natasha, Tony could understand Bucky’s stance on things. He wasn’t ready to forgive the others who had recoiled from him almost violently but he could see himself forming tentative bridges with Bucky and Nat.
No one had known where Tony had gone after that. Pepper refused to tell them as well.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Stay safe!” Tony lifted his head to call out after Steve, he couldn’t help but worry each time a group left to go out. He had a weird feeling ever since they came to this town. It felt charged somehow, like an electrical storm brewing just off the horizon but quickly approaching. It set his mind on edge and instincts jittery, despite the calm outer appearance he puts on; Tony wasn’t sure if it was just him though that felt this or if any of the others did.
Barely waiting for a reply Clint hurries back down the stairs, near leaping the entire thing in his haste.  Behind he can hear Sam hurrying to catch up and flees the house. Knowing Sam will lock up behind him.
He, Clint and Natasha are scouting ahead to make sure no dead are around, they’re aiming to get to the discarded car of theirs to start pushing it towards the housing estate. That is, if they don’t find another abandoned car that is closer.
“Tony, we need to talk, about many things-“
“Fine” Thor grins visibly happy about this and claps Steve on the shoulder when Steve’s ears pick up a small bark coming from the direction of the kid. Looking over he takes in the new kid finally. Noting that the kid is taking great care to keep any Skin he can hidden. A hood pulled low hiding his face from others. In his arms however is a small puppy.
Growling in annoyance, Tony fiddled with the generator in the basement. Aiming to replace parts that rely on fuel to run with parts he had found within the mansion that morning and from their travels. If he can make the generator work without having to keep finding fuel for now. They can use the temporary electric as a chip to entice others to trust them. Giving Tony longer to make something like his arc reactor again to run the building on.
“Nah, just a large chuck to take samples of; preferably the brain as well a normal tissue in-case their any different from each other, so maybe an arm as well as the head?” Apathetically, Tony flips out a hunting knife from a sheath on his ankle,  with a quick jab he finishes off the Deado. “Ok lets cut it down and take what we need, the quicker we get this over with the better.”
Bruce peers out his window squinting out as the sun is starting to set behind them. “I can’t see anyone, maybe they fled?”
“I’m Natasha, this is Sam and that’s Clint and-wait..where’ Steve?” Natasha looks around alarmed at the still lack of Steve.
Like a train wreck, his eyes are drawn to the car and truck below, the car where the kids and dog are in is surrounded by 5 Deado’s. One of the doors is open as one of the Deado’s tries to crawl in. Racing up the drive is Bruce. Even from this distance, Tony can see Bruce’s skin turning green.
“Come on squirt, your turn to use the bathroom and have a wash while you’re at it. The hot water finally works!” Grinning, Bucky shows the kid how to use the shower and gets him a towel ready before leaving him to it. Leaving the door open just a crack in case of emergencies.
Snorting with amusement Clint leant against the side of a wine rack, arms folded across his chest. If there was anything down here, it would have found them by now.
Tensing, Tony looks away trying to calm his breathing. He knew it was only a matter of time before curiosities got the better of the others. He had hoped for more time though, more time to plan for this conversation. He knows Steve would only keep asking over time, he was nothing if not stubborn and persistent to do good by anyone.
Suddenly, the generator whirred to life beneath his hands, lights flickering on above them.
The next morning, Steve, Bucky, Thor, Loki and Tony set out to the town. They had decided to wait till this morning so that they could make use of as much daylight as they could and have more time to prepare for this. Steve even double checked with Bruce about the item he had written down, face blank, Bruce confirmed that yes what he wrote was correct.
Yukio directed him a little way outside of the main town, a small drive that has trees on both sides of the road, leading to a small cottage like building. The darkening sky making the place look more ominous than usual, over grown bushes and plants hid any pathway that would usually be there.
Also note- a sunroom is like a solarium or conservatory!
Huffing with displeasure, Steve mumbled that she hadn’t told him. With another quick kiss to Tony’s lips and gently placing one on Bucky’s forehead while ignoring the grumble Bucky gave, Steve moved away to change.
“Damn it Robocop, kid present!” Chuckling Bucky moved to sit on a sofa rubbing his face. The other two doing the same.
“This room here, where most of the patients where housed, seems to be full of them. The windows were partially blocked by tables, to prevent outside Dead from looking in I suppose. Most of the rooms were empty but locked up tight, we would have better chances getting into them from the inside. This room here,” Loki points to one part of the map for Steve. “Had some more Dead, mainly staff it appears. The door however is bolted on the inside thankfully, someone must had locked the door before being killed from the inside. On the other hand he room is a research lab room, one with most of the machines Tony and Bruce need”
“Further along the road, gotta grab some fuel if they left me any to use out by the working offices. Then go find a car to use and get to the next nearest town, Steve may continue on but he would drag his feet when and where he could to give me a chance to catch up.”
That is until, they came to a split in the road. Both for major towns, problem was, which road do they take?
“Could have been a one night stand?” As soon as she said that, flashes of his and Tony’s quick fumble came to mind. One minute they had been arguing on the hellicarrier the next locked in lip lock. After everything it had made so much sense why Tony gave in easily to the bottom role, at the time he hadn’t thought much of it. Tony’s orientation had never mattered. It was that he kept the information from them, the team. He could understand why Tony had, once he had cooled off, but by then it was to late.
