“What is it?” Dean asked.
“I think she does,” Dean muttered. “But, I’m not sure if I feel the same way.” He then looked at Castiel and laughed quietly. “I thought she was coming on to you all night.”
“Don’t get all mushy about it. Look, I’m sorry I was an ass to you before okay? I just get weird around rich people.” Dean mumbled.
Dean swung around then and pointed at Castiel with the two fingers that held the cigarette, smoke trailing in the air like a gun that fired. Dean’s eyes were daggers. “What the hell, huh?” Dean sucked in a breath of smoke; let it out. “Look, I know you probably don’t want to talk about this, and you’re probably some kind of bible thumper purist or some shit, and I know what I did- or what I was going to do- was wrong. But do I really deserve for you to ignore me for- what? - three fucking weeks or something? I’m not queer or whatever, Jesus Christ, it was just a mistake.”
The operation was nerve-wracking, to put it lightly. Castiel and Claire had to run back up to their apartment and open their large French-style window. One man was beside them, set to pull the piano in when it was brought up. Two guys went to the roof to work the lever, and two were below on the street, ready to pull the rope.
Castiel tentatively left Claire with Gabriel. He felt as though he was being a bit too protective, but he told himself Claire will be okay.
“I said you make a good father,” Jimmy said.
Come be nice to me (please) on
Rufus gave him a half-smile and then stepped away from the car. He prompted for Cas to get out. “He’s inside.”
“It’s clear on my face, isn’t it?” Castiel said.
“I’ll try,” Castiel said.
“But, hun, I made you toast!” Naomi said after him.
Nobody seemed to believe him when he said it, and he clearly didn’t believe it himself. If he was being honest, he had no idea how he felt.
“Will you be okay?” Castiel murmured, his lips gliding over Dean’s sternum. Dean was still.
“I don’t mind,” Castiel said quickly.
When he came to his floor, he heard a sickening silence, then someone sobbing in a room down the hall. The sobs came in stressed intervals, like someone was holding this person in a tight embrace, not letting them spin too wildly out of control.
Castiel shut up then, and after a little bit got up and went to peek inside the kids’ pillow fort. They were all asleep in a pile.
“I was just worried about you. I still am. Not about hell or anything.”
Castiel quickly looked down and reading the bottle, acting like he didn’t see Dean.
Castiel just stared at him closely, and Dean looked down at his cigarette until he gave in and met Castiel’s eyes. He gave him a soft smile. Then, his eyes lit up and his smile widened. “Wanna hear something funny?”
“I’d talk about Sam all the time if I didn’t control myself. Did you see him with Jessica? I swear, someday he’s gonna marry that girl.”
Dean sighed and scuffed his boots against the sidewalk. “I get tired of it.”
Dean propped himself up on his elbow, and Castiel didn’t know what he was doing until he had reached over and held Castiel’s wrist. “How’s your hand?” Dean asked and looked at it closely. Castiel looked too. Blood had seeped through the bandage, but just a couple dots of red shone through, and the bandage had shifted a bit. “I tried to avoid it,” Dean said, with a sly smile. He brought Castiel’s hand to his lips and kissed the fingers. His hand still hurt, and Castiel would never admit it in a million years, but Dean kissing it did make it feel better.
“It’s okay.”
Daphne was a kind woman. She was a nurse working at a children’s hospital. She talked highly of her parents. She mentioned her studies in Colombia University. She said please and thank you and she smiled at Castiel like he was the sweetest man on earth.
Castiel didn’t know if it was intentional, but what Dean said stung him. Truth is, he didn’t have a solid reason why he dropped out. He was there, he didn’t like it, he didn’t know why, so he left. Dean made it seem like he had put so much thought into it in that past that now he was disappointed with where his life in the present.
On impulse, and because he was a snotty little kid at the time, Castiel remembered lifting his foot and preparing to stomp down, as if the fish was a spider on the ground.
Castiel was as quiet as he could possibly be as he snuck into a silent house. He went to his room and slept fitfully for only a couple of hours, then woke up around 8 to an unexpected female voice outside in the living room. He quickly dressed, tried to smooth his wild hair down, and brushed his teeth.
“I feel like I can breathe,” Castiel said quietly.
“He hates me,” Castiel said. “Or he’s starting to.”
“No.”
Castiel swallowed thickly and nodded a silent thank you.
“Oh,” Castiel said, awkward standing by the couch. “Cool.”
“Your father just beat the hell out of you.”
“That’s very admirable,” Castiel said. “You being so passionate about something.”
Castiel stood up quickly and brushed the dirt and grass from the back of his pants.
He’d see women come up to the bar and hit on Dean, but Dean would cast them away, and glance at Castiel innocently, as if he was just looking to check in. Castiel knew it meant more.
But Dean stepped away and gathered his jacket. “Goodnight, Cas,” he said.
Lucky for them, there was a lull at the bar once everyone seemed to be content with their first round of drinks. Dean was able to watch for a moment, and Castiel, on the fringes of intoxication, found himself gravitating close to him. Their shoulders aligned as they leaned against the bar, catching their breath. Castiel tentatively reached over and looped his finger around Dean’s belt loop, under the bar. Dean shifted closer, and Castiel wrapped his hand around the waistline of his pants, anchoring himself.
Castiel glared at him, like the clear answer would come out of him if he just looked long enough. Was it his brother? That girl Lisa? Maybe he had a mother like Castiel’s who switched on and off loving him fiercely or hating his guts. Or a father.
Garth had left around one and Dean was muddling around the bar, bringing drinks to people and busing tables. Castiel liked the sounds of the bar: the metallic pinging of a spoon against a cup, Dean’s footsteps in boots, small chit chat, pens scratching against notebooks.
Castiel didn’t know where this was going. “I did.”
But there was no denying everything felt wrong. Like the sky was goddamn purple and no one was talking about it.
“I know,” Castiel said. “Charlie, I’m sorry. I know this is a lot.”
Castiel peaked past Dean to see a woman in her late twenties, holding the hand of a young girl with big, puffy brown hair and a smile with a tooth missing.
“Don’t you see how you’re a fucking hypocrite! You sound exactly like Dad!”
“I would love to work there,” Castiel interjected.
“Cas,” it was undeniably Sam’s voice. “Hey. How are you?”
“We are not done arguing young lady,” Ellen said. “No more clubs. You do your studies. You’re going to college, you hear me?”
“Do you ever do this?” Dean asked him. “Walk through nature?”
Dean looked down at his shirt.
“Making friends.”
Kelly was still sizing him up and evaluating the situation. “Do you need help?” she finally said, seeing the waves of stress coming off of Castiel.
Dean broke the kiss and started kissing the line of his jaw, his pulse, his neck. Dean pulled away more and his gaze trailed down his chest, on his shoulders, his lips. Castiel watched him patiently.
“Thank you for picking them up from school, Missouri,” Kelly said. “You are a lifesaver.”
Amara groaned and dropped the act. “Your father is having money issues.”
“Yes,” Castiel said it too quickly.
“Stay,” Dean said. “You’re drunk.”
“Guilty,” Castiel said, holding up his hands.
Behind Castiel, the band erupted into
Castiel shook his head before he knew his answer. “I just…” He didn’t want to think about it. The blood. The feeling it gave him. It forced him to feel alive. He looked down at his hand and realized that it’ll probably scar, even if it’s just a jagged hairline. He couldn’t help but question if Jimmy was alive would he have the same scar. Would the scar just appear on Jimmy’s hand one day, and during a holiday reunion Castiel would notice. They’d compare their scars, make up excuses for why they had the same one. They’re the same person after all.
“I’ll come too,” Dean said, eyes still on Castiel’s. “Monday nights are always slow. I can close up now.”
“I think…um…it would be best,” Dean paused for a long time, like he was contemplating something. His throat bobbed. “I don’t wanna push you.” It was a whisper.
Castiel felt something twist within him. Castiel couldn’t stand it. He shuffled away from them and started gathering beer bottles off of tables.
Castiel had a strange dream. Everything was washed in a dull grey light, particles of dust and dirt rose and danced in the air. He couldn’t breathe because of the smell, this sulfuric bloody smell. He was following a man through a dense forest. The man was tall and walked with conviction. He had a large weapon in his hand. Castiel’s vision was blurry, as if he was hallucinating everything. As if he had gone insane. He felt something evil inside of him. Shame. Why was it shame? The man in front of him turned and faced him. He was covered in dirt and blood and he reeked of body odor like he hadn’t washed in weeks. Castiel didn’t mind the smell, nor the mud on the man’s face. His face…it was Dean. He was older, his hair was matted down, his jaw was tight and sharp. His eyes were sad and tired, but they changed when they caught Castiel’s. A small spark of something ignited within them.
Dean?”
Turner’s Garage.
. The entrance to the gift shop was called
Lights lined up above the bar, booths were against the back wall. Round tables were spread out in the room with ashtrays and wooden stools accompanying them. During the night, when the place was full of energy, the owner must push all the tables to the sides to make room for a dancefloor. The piano called Castiel’s name again. It sat, quite lonely, on the small platform. There was no one up there now. In fact, the place was quiet save for the four or five people who occupied some tables. They slowly smoked cigarettes and were scribbling away into notebooks. They drank coffee; the steam from their mugs mingled with the cigarette smoke.
“You seem so out of it,” Claire said, casually. “Turtles!”
Lawrence was a strange little city. It almost looked like it grew straight out the flat ground, flat as far as the eye can see. There was a new looking park in the center of town, a classic looking diner, and it bustled with young families and teenagers.
Castiel closed the lid of the piano. He caught Dean’s eye. He didn’t mean to.
Dean shrugged, like any emotion could simply be portrayed by a mere move of the shoulders. “Don’t get too cocky about it.”
Castiel leaned against the fridge. “Thank you,” Castiel said. “It’s kind of the first thing that’s ever been fully mine.”
Castiel stepped into the bar and the party resumed.
“I’m sure she adores you.”
"Daphne?” Castiel was surprised to say the least. He hadn’t seen her in weeks.
“Yeah I know how that sounds. Corny as hell. But, I mean, do you?”
Castiel signed and dropped his shoulders. “I’m gonna need more coffee to tell you that.”
Castiel kissed Dean hard, pushing his mouth open. Dean wrapped both of his arms around Castiel’s neck and drew him in closer. Castiel settled between Dean’s legs, the heat there growing. He could feel all of Dean, but their pants were still an annoying barrier.
Naomi made pancakes, and she had a bizarre mood that morning as if this was a family reunion. Chuck was business-like, as if fate brought him something on a plate, and he accepted it as it was, detached from any emotion. The kids were playing in the living room, stacking Legos and toppling them down. They were laughing, as if this was a playdate. Claire sat on a chair in the corner, threading a lock of her hair through her fingers, and staring at the carpet.
“Hold your tongue and don’t interrupt me! You are a disgrace to this family!”
“That was months ago, Cassie. I have to admit…I was a jerk. I shouldn’t have complained about taking care of mom. You had your plate full.”
Castiel was over Dean, awkwardly on an angle, as he was putting most of his weight on his good hand. Dean pushed at his shoulder, and Castiel slowly lied down on his back. Dean was over him quickly, straddling his hips, with two hands planted solid on either side of Castiel’s head.
. When Castiel passed by, they fell quiet and looked at him.
They walked down the street. Dean stayed silent, and the sun dropped beyond the distant buildings. Castiel wondered if people were watching them from their houses, wondering why they were walking in the middle of the road, knowing their secrets. The densely residential, suburban-type area made Castiel’s skin crawl. Too many empty spaces, not enough light. It was getting cold, and the sky was gray.
“I suppose that is my mission.”
With a polite nod of his head, Dean bid his farewell, turned, and headed towards the front of the store. Castiel could see Sam was fumbling with coins in his hands and Jessica was smiling. Castiel watched them leave the store, Dean’s shoulders moving smoothly under his jacket, his hair wild. He tightened his grip on the pill bottle, then, after a five-minute head start allotted for the Winchesters, he paid and left the store.
Castiel instantly felt a hot flash of nerves go through him. “Um…I yes. How-”
“I suppose,” Castiel said quietly.
Castiel entered the path between the trees again and watched his feet the whole time. Dean walked a couple yards behind him, and Castiel could hear each footstep he made. His and Dean’s were incredibly out of sync and it was all his fault. He told himself this was due to self-righteousness. Yes, that’s it. He didn’t want Dean to kiss him, because he didn’t want Dean to have that power over him. He didn’t want Dean to kiss him then forget it ever happened, flirt with girls at the bar, and kiss Lisa again and again.
They heard the distance sounds of the booming fireworks. Claire and Kaia cheered and jumped up and down.
Dean came back with two burgers on plates, and he dug in hungerly the moment he sat down next to Castiel. “Damn Jody makes incredible food.”
It was supposedly audition day, as Castiel recalled. But there wasn’t much of a line. A few people stood beside the stage, waiting in a queue, while a guitar player was sitting on a stool. Dean was sitting at a table with Sam, who Castiel has never seen in the bar before, or for nearly a month. After another moment of the guy playing, Dean booed him off the platform. He wasn’t that bad, although he did break a string and Castiel could tell that his E string was out of tune. When Dean turned around to see who was next, he spotted Castiel.
Castiel immediately shook his head. “No. I’m wrong for intruding…I’m going to-”
Eventually, he wrenched his eyes away and left the bar.
Castiel wanted to ask him his name. He felt as though he was getting wrapped up in the intoxication of everyone else in the room. The bartender had these green eyes that reminded Castiel of nothing he’s ever really seen or loved before. They were like a forest. He only saw flashes of them in the dim light of the bar, but he wanted to see more. The man had sandy hair and freckles-
Dean shrugged and glanced back at Charlie, his eyes catching Castiel’s for a split second. “I like that Superman show. Well, Sammy likes it better than me,” he said with a cloud of smoke.
“I was hoping to see you,” she said. “I- um, well I went to your parent’s apartment expecting to see you there.”
“Play something?” Dean asked quietly.
He walked as quietly as he could to the front door of the apartment and twisted the knob, only hearing it squeak the tiniest amount. Then, he froze. Dean would worry. He bit his lip, swiveled around and tip-toed back to the kitchen. He quietly sifted through a basket on the counter and plucked out a receipt that looked forgotten and unimportant. He found a pen on the table as well, set on the page of a law book Sam had been studying. He scribbled on the receipt quickly:
“Gesundheit?” Dean said, his face scrunching up in confusion.
Castiel had been taught to sit up straight. Well, he mostly taught himself after seeing the hunchback grow on his father slowly over the years.
Charlie had given Castiel Dean’s address the day before, and at around five, Castiel boarded a subway car heading downtown. Dean lived in a small apartment in the East Village. “Look for a rust colored building, and a window on the fourth floor with a tarp on it,” she had said. “Sam accidentally smashed a stapler through the window last month.”
Dean got to work. He rummaged through the tools then went over to the first car in the line with a wrench and a tool Castiel did not recognized. He was sure Dean knew was he was doing. Dean got on his back on the ground and started tinkering with the underside of the car.
Daphne thanked him, stepped inside and awkwardly took a couple steps into the main room. She seemed so out of place, like a celebrity in a moldy old basement. She was so elite, so upper class, and here Castiel was, living the life he was always meant to have when he became independent.
There was a small group of guys that Castiel didn’t recognize, who were playing guitar in the middle of the farm. Donna was singing and projecting herself as loud of she could as couples were dancing in front of her. She sang a song by Frank Sinatra, one that Dean had once told him he didn’t like very much, but he cheered Donna on regardless. Sam and Jess stood up from the picnic table and joined the group of couples. The song required the dancers to have some energy, pick up their feet, but they were still holding each other close. Even Victor found a dance partner, some petite girl with a hat on her head, and Dean and Castiel were left alone at the picnic table.
“No need to keep secrets from me,” Castiel said, sarcastically. “You’ve clearly always been the most transparent father to me ever since I was born.”
Castiel dropped his eyes to his cigarette, and took a small pull from it, feeling like he was imploring. “Are you queer?” he asked.
knows that I’m taking care of my mother right now because somebody-” Gabriel poked Castiel in the chest. “Abandoned her.”
The next morning came quick despite Castiel not being able to sleep. He didn’t sleep, or dream, he just merely closed his eyes and listened to Dean breathing. Dean had fallen into deep sleep, probably succumbing to the dull pain of the bruises John peppered along his ribs.
“I was supposed to ask, wasn’t I?” Castiel said, feeling anxiety bubble in him.
“You need a drink?” Dean asked.
Bobby shrugged. “Dean has his reasons. They build and build and then he snaps.”
“Is that not what we’re doing here?” Dean said. Castiel plucked the cigarette from Dean’s hand and Dean looked offended. “So, you can ask me questions about my life, but I can’t know nothing about yours?”
Crowley unclipped the key from the ring, set it on the knuckle of his thumb, then flipped it towards Castiel. It made a pinging noise like it was straight out of a movie, and Castiel caught it with his eyebrow raised. Crowley was a strange individual.
, and
“Oops. I forgot. This is actually the only apartment. And I’ll need a $200 security deposit,” Crowley said beside him, tapping his foot.
As Castiel sipped his coffee, he felt someone approach him on his right side.
“You can’t do that,” Castiel said. “Mom lives here.”
“Was Jo that difficult?”
“You have to. And you’ve been doing so. You can.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Dean sit up as well. Then, as if it was the most casual thing in the world, Dean leaned against him. Their shoulders were heavy against one another, and Castiel’s heart instantly hammered in his chest. He wanted to melt into Dean entirely.
“Fuck,” Castiel muttered. Dean slammed one hand onto the door behind him, then grabbed his chin with the other. He tilted Castiel chin up until they could kiss. It was sloppy and mindless as they just breathed together.
“Why thank you good sir,” Castiel responded, and took the money from Dean’s hands.
When Charlie spotted Castiel walking back into the room, she sprung up and ran to him. “I am so sorry! Is the shirt completely ruined?”
Castiel moved quickly. He had found a first aid kid under the sink in the kitchen, pushed all the way back behind old dish soap and towels. It was covered in a thin layer of dust.
Dean lead him through the wooded path just as he did nearly a month ago. Castiel watched his feet mostly, to steady himself. He stepped exactly where Dean stepped. It felt like déjà vu. The same scenery, the same sun, only a bit stronger. This time they didn’t run, and eventually Dean fell back into step with Castiel.
When he started joking about his "psychotic" mother, Castiel had to step out for air. He left through the back door of the bar, leaned against the brick wall in the alleyway, and lit up a cigarette.
“You threw away your whole future. Do you know how fucking stupid you are? Why are you like this? Jimmy does just fine. Even Gabriel has got a roof over his head, a wife and two-point-five fucking kids. God knows how he managed to do that. Where are your kids Castiel? Why are you trying to kill me!” Chuck screamed, rattling the crystals on the chandelier overhead.
After a couple hours of unpacking and rearranging furniture in a way he liked, Castiel wandered down the hall to Kelly’s apartment. He felt rather pathetic and unfriendly, arriving with nothing, but Kelly knew he had just moved in. She opened the door and greeted him with the warmest of smiles, then invited him in. Castiel felt like he was visiting an old friend. Missouri and Patience were already over, and the three kids were sitting on the couch in the living room, listening to Missouri as she read from Charlotte’s Web. Castiel sunk down into a chair near the couch and listened too.
Castiel came back to his apartment building feeling like his thoughts were muddled and nothing was linked. He hadn’t seen his father in months yet there he had been, with these two women he didn’t recognize. Chuck was looking at him like
“Shit.”
He reminded no one of his birthday. Claire’s birthday was in five days, so he hoped that his would be overshadowed by her excitement. Another part of him figured that everyone remembered his birthday, but rather thought of it as his twin’s birthday. They’d treat it as a day of mourning, which was better than forced joy.
“I’m getting tired,” Jody said. “So, I think I’m gonna hit the sack. I love you all.”
Castiel glanced down at his shirt, then huffed in agreement. “White wine for her next time.”
Castiel sat there, feeling unbalanced, like his body was cut down the middle and yet he still had to stay upright. He stood up abruptly, causing the kitchen to go silent, and then went to his room.
Dean asked: “Can I kiss you again?”
Castiel took a deep breath and entered his new apartment, then closed the door behind himself. He’d need a mattress, he noted, a rug for the living room as well, and some curtains. Other than that, he was happy.
Castiel sighed and dropped his head. “Fine. Let me work out what to do with Claire. I’ll be back in a moment.”
The guy laughed and looked up at him. “500. But, I’ll include setting it up in your house. You gotta get those guys that lift shit up into windows.”
“Hey, you’re the one wearing the apron,” Sam objected.
The song he had been batting around in his head all night had quieted now, leaving him with a sinister silence that felt too cold, too lonely. He thought of sandy hair, a crooked white-tooth smile, the owner of Campbell’s. He thought of how much sun that tan skin had soaked in, how much sun it would take for that many freckles to pop up. He thought of someone else’s green eyes.
“I had a whole other family to take care of!”
“Dad,” Dean said, his voice small. “Why don’t you give me the keys to the car, and we can get to your room okay? You have to sleep.”
“No,” Castiel said. “I shouldn’t. You’re too kind and I can’t take advantage of that.”
“I suppose.”
“Central Park doesn’t count,” Dean said.
Castiel opened the door and was met with a very concerned looking Kelly. She had her hand still raised to knock on the door. She gave him an incriminating look and Castiel suddenly realized, “Oh…oh, shit, this is not what this look like.”
He was so unbelievably happy. But the happiness felt misplaced. It seemed like it was meant for a time far into the future when he’s healed over from the grief Maybe then he would feel as though he deserved this night. The lights, the laughter, the smiling face, Dean, everything. He realized how much he loved Claire, but she wasn’t even his daughter, and this could easily not be his life. It might as well have been Jimmy’s, and he felt like he was stealing his happiness. Like his brother died so he could feel this way. He tried to ignore it, tried to smile, but for all he knew he could be floating in space. He felt so unreal and tied to nothing, besides maybe the girl on his shoulders, and the gaze Dean was casting his way. Dean’s expression was unreadable, but it was steady on Castiel.
A few more songs were played until the band took a break to have their own plates of food. Claire came and sat down next to Castiel to eat. Castiel had to go get her a cushion from Bobby’s house in order for her to reach the table. An entirely different group of adults were sitting with him and Dean now, and they were exchanging pleasant stories about their jobs or summer vacation plans. Several times they complimented Castiel for his daughter being so mature for her age, and when Castiel corrected them and told them she was his niece, no one said a word.
Castiel kept shaking his head, and Dean thread his fingers through his hair again. “It’s all too much,” Castiel said in a low, broken voice.
“Of course, I found it. Who do you think I am? Come here,” Bobby said as he set down his beer on the table and walked off into the living room. Sam followed him and Castiel and Dean were left alone in the kitchen.
Castiel stood in front of Campbell’s on Saturday night. The sun had just submerged under the skyscrapers, leaving the sky blood red. He was hesitant to knock. The sign on the door was switched to closed but inside he could hear music bumping and the muffled sound of someone singing into a microphone. He knew that his arrival was awaited, and that Dean was expecting him, but he felt nerves rip through him.
“You’re serious?”
Dean was muttering things that weren’t quite coherent-
“You’re back!” he said. “Oh. You’re back,” he said again, his eyes leaving Castiel’s and focusing on the elevator buttons.
Daphne just smiled at him and laced her arms around his.
― John Steinbeck
“I was a shell,” Jimmy said. “Stuck in my work and my bible and…well there wasn’t much else was there?”
Dean flattened a hand on Castiel’s chest to push him away, just an inch, then he looked behind him and opened the door. He spun around the door and pulled Castiel inside by his shirt. Castiel grabbed the doorknob and closed it behind him.
Dean smiled.
Castiel leaned in close to him, and pressed his nose against Dean’s chest, pressed a kiss there, buried his face against Dean’s warm skin.
They remained silent for a little while, listening to the muffled sounds of the city. Dean seemed to be bracing himself on the bar, his hands secure on the table and his arms straight out. He held his head down. Castiel gazed around the bar, his eyes settling on the light shining through in yellow ribbons on the hard wood floor. He could see the scuffs on the floor from where the chairs had been moved many times. He looked at the piano.
all night,” Castiel repeated.
It was one tear at first, or maybe two, just forming slowly and strongly at his waterline. His tears rolled down his cheeks, then he choked. “Fuck,” he said. “I’m sorry. I can’t- I shouldn’t tell you this. I shouldn’t put this on you.”
“You should sleep, Cas,” Dean whispered.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel sighed and sat down on the stool. He placed his elbows in the bar. “I’m not all that rich.”
Castiel scratched the back of his head and felt weak. Like he was a teenager again, comforting his mother. He lied down next to her in bed. Her breath smelled, like she hadn’t been up in days. He didn’t care.
Come be nice to me (please) on
“You need to pack!”
Dean pretended to complain, but then stepped back and started walking down the hallway, his hands in his jacket pockets. Castiel watched him go like he did several nights ago. Dean glanced at Castiel once more, then descended the stairs.
“The world breaks every one and afterward many are strong at the broken places.”
“Well I understand that,” Castiel said. “I’m exhausted and I barely do it in the first place.”
“Missouri,” he called up to her again. “We should, um, have coffee sometime. Just you and me.”
They both looked away, and Castiel closed his eyes, taking in the afternoon sun and letting the grass tickle the back of his neck. He breathed in deep, and after a while spoke. “I wish I felt the way you do,” he said. “I wish I had something that was mine. Most of the time, I feel empty.”
Castiel played certain parts on a loop, extending the song however he felt like. After more than five or so minutes of him rapidly playing, he realized that Dean had manifested beside him. He stopped playing and looked up at him. The same hip that had been rested against the bar was now resting against the side of the piano. Dean placed a glass of water on the bench next to Cas. “You stressed or something?”
“Be safe, okay,” Dean said and looked at him. Then he smiled a full toothy smile. “And I’m gonna close the bar during the day, tomorrow.”
Castiel wondered how Dean could be so sure.
“He wouldn’t want me there,” Castiel said and shook his head.
“It would be a great help. Yes. If I may?”
After coming down, Dean practically collapsed on top of Castiel. He settled his head below his chin and they both pulled their hands out from between them.
Castiel looked at her with wonder. “No. Kelly, I couldn’t ask you to-”
He found himself nodding and agreeing with Dean. “Yes. I guess I do.”
Castiel was born in the city. And it was booming. He could feel it in his bones. The art in the streets, the smiles, the musicians were all blooming and expressing their talent. Despite everything, he was happy to be back. He knew the city like the back of his hand. He saw it like a song. There was a woman walking with red kitten heels and each step she made was a staccato, a B5 over and over. She wore a blue dress that swayed in the wind and was dotted with bits of rain. It was still misting from the night before. The woman looked at Castiel and winked, a smile spread across her red lips. Castiel looked down at his shoes. The cab’s horns sounded like saxophones, mixing and weaving within each other in the chaos of traffic. He turned the corner, fully realizing that he had no idea where he was going. He headed towards the subway.
Daphne just looked at him. “I appreciate the honesty,” she said. Castiel wasn’t sure if she understood and he didn’t think he wanted her to understand fully. “Maybe we can be friends.”
a fucking angel.”
“Look, I know that was wrong, and I shouldn’t have done- whatever,” Dean said as he got up and chased after Castiel. “But you don’t have to be a dick about it.”
When he was finished, the group of guys clapped, pulled out their wallets and tossed in tips into Benny’s Lucky Hat.
“This is a little over-dramatic, Cas,” Dean said.
“Oh, and,” Charlie added, leaning a hip against the glass counter, “Downstairs there’s some very
Reality had to come back, and when it did, so did his grief. Picking up Claire meant a silent dinner, then hearing her cries during the night, then an attempt to comfort her that always felt fruitless.
Charlie smiled. “I think you should go after Dean.”
He got in his car and moved it up a block, turning right into an open spot in Turner’s garage. Out front, there were a couple cars stripped down to their frames, and a tall black man communing with customers. He didn’t give him a second glance as Castiel parked his car and killed the engine. The man waved the customers goodbye and then walked over to Castiel’s car. Castiel started panicking, as he realized he had no excuse for being here.
He sat quietly with his hands clasped on his stomach. The apartment was hot and musty, as he didn’t have air conditioning and there was no fan. But earlier he had opened the French windows and occasionally felt a timid breeze come in.
a short light entr'acte, a pause
Dean kept shifting his eyes between him and Jo, and Castiel squinted at him. Dean shook his head, turned, and on his way to the kitchen said, “Why don’t you come get some food, Cas, the pizza is fucking great.”
“Let’s go to the aquarium,” Castiel said monotonously. He couldn’t dig himself out of his thoughts.
The friction between them caught each time they moved their hips, and it sent shivers down Castiel’s whole body.
“Fireworks?” Castiel asked Dean.
“What?” Surprisingly, Castiel felt the first wisps of anger form within him. “What are you talking about? You think I was out of my mind the whole time we were together? Or whatever we were. No, Dean, no. I…I’ve been okay, I just- why would you even think that?”
Claire didn’t say anything else, she just turned around again and curled into a ball.
“What’s that?”
. Instead, he shook his head.
“Dancing? I don’t dance.”
Missouri clenched her hand tight on her shoulder. “Don’t you dare say that. You didn’t know. He’s the scum of the earth.”
“I’m Alfie,” he said, dodging Castiel’s question as if he was rehearsing in his mind and Castiel caught him in the middle. Castiel rose his eyebrows. “Sorry, um, auditions today.”
Dean caught his eyes then and held his gaze. Now, any stern expression had washed away, and he looked soft and pliable. “Shut up,” he said quietly.
“Why is it gross, huh?” Dean said. He had another goofy smile on his face like he was a natural at talking to kids.
He had a set list, but on a crowded night like this, he relied on requests. There was a notepad with fancy paper and a
“Drink and party?” Castiel said.
“Castiel,” she said. “Not to be frank, but there is clearly an issue here and you clearly are not being a proper parent and honestly you look like you don’t know at all what you’re doing. Let me help.”
Castiel sat up straight, “You’d do that?”
“Thank
He rounded the corner of the piano, pushed past Dean and started heading towards the back entrance of the hotel. Dean was following him; he could feel his eyes on his back. Castiel quickly strived up to clock himself out. He clipped his card, returned it, then busted through the back door.
“I’m sorry,” Dean said. “My dad…Fuck, where do I start. World War Two vet, lost his goddamn mind, drinks all day, pukes all night.”
“Ma.”
It took a moment for Dean to remember, but when he did, he smiled lightly. “No city friends at Bobby’s…or Jody’s for that matter.”
“What? That you’re troubled?” Dean said between his cigarette, then smiled and nodded, agreeing with himself. “You can also see it in the way you play like a maniac.”
And the nickname had, inevitably, passed on to Claire as soon as Jimmy and Amelia noticed how much she took after him. “Little angel,” Amelia would call her. It ripped through Castiel’s chest. It was all there again, despite his attempt to lose himself and his grief against Dean’s lips. It was still there like a heavy weight around his neck.
Castiel’s hands went up to cup Dean’s face, and Dean kissed him like the song- gentle, then hungry and Castiel wanted to pull back and ask, in his dizzy state of pleasure,
Castiel didn’t know at all what to make of that.
“Nine p.m. Be there.”
Castiel kissed him. “Well, we already ticked one of my boxes.”
It was a rather small room, more like a closet, with a whole wall of shelves stocked with booze, and a couple empty cubbies for employees to put their belongings. There was a small, amber lightbulb that hung from the ceiling, illuminating the room in a dreamy gold. Castiel had never been in there before, but he didn’t care to become familiar with it before Dean was pulling him in and all his mind could process were the noises they were making and, god, Dean felt so good.
As Castiel passed them, he overheard their tense conversation, something about a man. They kept saying
“’Round the hall to the right,” Dean said. Wine was dripping down Castiel’s shirt, making a huge stain of red. He excused himself and the party seemed to resume behind him.
Dean looked up and had the softest smile on his face, like he was waiting to hear that exact response. Castiel leaned forward and kissed any insecurity off his lips.
Castiel turned back to Daphne. “I’m sorry. She’s a little…well, she’s been having a hard time.”
“What do you want, Cas?” Dean finally asked, breaking through the dizzying sounds of the forest around them. Dean asked so timidly that it made Castiel’s chest tighten.
“Yeah boys are pretty gross,” Dean agreed while he sneaked a wink at Castiel. Castiel felt his cheeks burn. “And you don’t really need to date them. You can date anyone you like.”
“See you tonight then.”
“I won’t help you with your book, Charles,” Amara said. “That’s what paid editors are for.”
“He should go Kelly,” Missouri said tensely. Castiel reached out and grabbed the doorknob; he turned and poised himself to click the door closed behind him.
Dean bent down and opened up a cupboard under the sink. He brought out a towel and wetted it, then handed it to Castiel. “Here,” he said. “That might work better.”
“What’s going on?” Castiel asked someone at the end of the line, a young boy with blonde hair and a gap tooth who seemed rather nervous.
birthday party.”
Castiel never had much of a voice. He was like a mouse living in a castle of kings back at home. Each sibling was given hearty portions of love and attention and money and Castiel was ignored. Even though he was the only one who looked after his mother, she only really saw him as a caretaker most of the time.
“What?” Castiel said, genuinely surprised.
He followed Dean out to what looked like a small junkyard. The frames of cars were left discarded on the grass, several cars were lined up in a row with their hoods open, and a large table of tools was lined up along the back side of the house. Dean went up to a new looking car with no tires.He clapped his hands then rubbed them together as he inspected the car, kneeling down to look under the hood and everything.
He followed Crowley up one flight of stairs, then another, then one more he thought, then three more. They were at the top floor, and Castiel took a moment to catch his breath and set his suitcase down on the floor. Crowley searched through his pockets for his set of keys.
“Jo seems to like you,” Dean said. “You two being childhood friends and all. Small world, huh?”
“We keep to ourselves. We don’t let people in. If we do it’s still behind some kind of barrier. We may look strong on the outside and hide our emotions, but on the inside, the world crushes us. I don’t feel like a person Castiel, I feel like an empty space. I know you feel the same.”
It was a usual morning, or what has become a usual morning for him. He dropped Claire off at school. She had protested, of course, but the prospect of seeing Kaia made her feel better. It had been a long summer, and she felt better going back to school, knowing that the storm of questioning faces had probably faded away by now. She had only been back for a week, but one day she met him outside with a faint smile on her face. “No one looked at me,” she said to him. “I was invisible.”
“Cas,” Dean said as Castiel started to head down the street towards Central Park. He never goes by Central Park at this time of night, but he needed to get away from people.
He composed himself and took a breath. “I- I’m sorry. I…” he had no idea what to say.
“No, but really? Am I that much of a mess?”
“I’m just glad I met you okay? We all need you…
“He won’t. I know he won’t.”
“I don’t think anything will really work. I’ll just have to go all the way home looking like a dumbass,” Castiel laughed at himself.
Castiel took a deep breath, gathering his thoughts. He wasn’t exactly sure why he wanted to ask this. “That guy...Victor, was he flirting with you?”
Gabriel was lively despite the grim circumstances, and he chatted with Michael and Luke as if not a day had gone by. As if he didn’t run away nearly a decade ago and only called about once or twice a year.
Dean stood and shimmied out from the booth. He stood in front of Castiel then, a couple inches taller, smelling like cologne, leather, and saturated cigarette smoke. His eyes traced over Castiel’s face, but when Castiel met his eyes, they turned cold and distant. Angry.
Castiel felt nerves grow in his stomach. “But...are you. Do you?”
Claire was running around the apartment trying to straighten everything up for her playdate with Kaia. Castiel was cleaning the kitchen preparing for his…well, date with Dean. He tried not to call it that.
for three to six voices, each voice enters at different times
Castiel looked at him. “Liebesträume.”
Dean locked up the register and grabbed his keys from under the bar. Castiel frowned and finished his beer, then placed the glass in a tray that Garth will probably clear up tomorrow morning.
He found the two in the shoebox, alongside old baseball cards, a kid’s bible, Jimmy’s high school graduation certificate, polaroid’s pictures of him and Amelia.
Castiel took a sharp pull from the cigarette, feeling the smoke travel all the way to his stomach. “It’s nothing.”
“Earth angel?” Castiel questioned, then finally looked at Dean, their faces close.
Castiel closed his book and gave Sam his attention.
“Oh, you know, just the usual. But I brought a friend,” Dean said, and he gestured to Castiel.
Dean shook his head and looked down. Castiel glanced down at himself. He was wearing a ratty hospital gown.
Castiel shook his head with a smile. “No sorry, I just…I thought he’d be here.”
“No. I’m tired of it,” she said in a calm voice. “You men have all your little perplexities. Chuck writes his shitty books and Jimmy talks about that pastor he sees two or three times a week. Gabriel jokes around for a living. And you, you play piano all day like you’re six again. I can have things I like too and not sound crazy for it.”
“We were having a private conversation, please don’t butt in,” Chuck grumbled and ran a hand down his face.
Castiel was lying in bed in the late afternoon while Claire was reading a book and sitting cross-legged on the end of his bed.
“At least let the boy sit down,” Naomi called out.
“Are you serious?” Sam and Dean said at the same time. Dean turned to look down at him; Castiel’s face was close to his shoulder.
“What do you do then?” Dean asked. Castiel was surprised Dean was sticking around. Lisa and Daphne were far gone, but Dean could probably find them easily. He stuck around and took a sip of his martini, his eyes steady on Castiel.
“Kelly, I don’t think this is a good idea. And you’re not even sure about it.” Missouri said.
Nearing the holidays, people have kept in touch, which is something Castiel can admit that he’s eternally grateful for. Charlie stopped by his apartment a few times with a bottle of white wine.
“I never really left my dorm,” Castiel said and laughed quietly. “And I’ve lived in the city all my life.”
There was a man lying on his back under an ugly gray car. He was tapping his foot to the music, grunting as he tuned the car, occasionally reaching out and grabbing a new tool. Faintly, Castiel could hear him mumbling along to the lyrics of the song.
They stayed that way for a while, lazily kissing wherever they could find skin. Castiel’s lips grazed over Dean’s temple, Dean kissed the crook of his neck. Castiel felt invigorated but so safe under Dean’s weight at the same time. Dean found Castiel’s lips again, and he kissed him soundly. He didn’t know how much time had passed, them just lying there, experimenting and exploring each other’s lips.
him. But I love my sons so much, and it’s unfair to them.”
The sun came in wrathful through the dusty windows. It jarred the calm that was somehow persisting below all the pain of last night and all the pain of the last year.
“I’ll live,” Castiel said.
“Are you…hurt?” Castiel muttered.
“So, don’t come to play tomorrow,” Dean said, then turned towards the door.
“It should’ve been me,” Castiel whispered and he wished he hadn’t. He wished he had tied what he said to a string, so the minute he cast it out, he could just reel it back in. Dean’s father, Castiel remembered, had said the same thing.
“You have?” Castiel squinted down at him. His hand stung again, just once, like a reminder that it was painful.
Dean interjected, “Guys why don’t you calm down, okay? We’re all having fun. Gabe- can I call you Gabe- you did great-”
“What are you talking about?”
“It’s nothing,” Daphne said, tucking a piece of hair behind her ear.
Claire shifted and Castiel looked up to see her leaning against the wall beside her bed. She was slumped over, her eyes droopy with sleep. “I’m scared.”
“Piano man!” Garth called out, slapping his hands on the bar.
“We’re out,” Castiel said. He had needed them this morning due to his slight hangover. “Do you feel okay?”
“So, you’d be running the register,” Charlie continued. “Talking to customers, restocking, dusting, whatnot. Pretty easy.”
Castiel didn’t know how to respond to that. He wasn’t exactly one to give advice on the self-love. But, he supposed he had to try. “We all feel that way,” Castiel said, ambiguously. “But what’s more important is doing what you like to do.”
“I can come back later-” Castiel started to say, but then Sam held up his hand.
“Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.”
Castiel woke up in a hospital bed.
“The owner. Yeah, sure, it’s a hip new place. All the young people are going there to be all rebellious. But, hey maybe a pianist will be a fun mix up.”
Castiel wanted to barf.
“Oh,” Castiel said, and he could hear the annoyance drip from his own words. “So Dean’s kind of an unattached, womanizer kinda guy?”
The hotel Castiel played at was decked out with plastic garlands and string lights and even a tree in the foyer. Castiel was instructed to only play Christmas music.
Dean almost looked embarrassed, and if Castiel didn’t think he was hallucinating, he would say his cheeks were pink. He widened his eyes and had this funny smile on his face like he was trying not to make a fool of himself. “Cas. I- I think you’re cool, okay? And listen…I wouldn’t really just let anyone come and play that piano. It was Benny’s. He took good care of it and he trusted me with it. You saw the auditions this morning, Cas. I don’t just let anyone come in and perform here. I- I guess I- you’re cool.”
“Hello,” he interrupted. The redheaded woman and the bartender looked over at him. “I was wondering if I could talk to the owner, Winchester?”
“Don’t be mean now,” Dean said with a surprised smile. “Also, this is my apartment.”
Dean and the taller guy were now strolling through the toilet paper isle and bickering about something. Dean smiled when the taller man dropped his shoulders and then Dean reached up and ruffled his hair. Castiel’s stomach flipped when he saw Dean’s smile, the stretch of his lips, his wrinkles beside his eyes. Dean spotted him then, their eyes met, and Dean’s smile faded to a look Castiel’s couldn’t place.
Dean stuck around close to the platform. “You can come tomorrow if you want, by the way,” Dean said. “And don’t forget this.” Dean bent down and retrieved the hat from the stage. Inside were several dollar bills and a lot of coins. Dean seemed to count the money in his head then gave an expression of approval. “Not bad.”
Dean laughed. He actually laughed. Castiel held his tongue. “No. Not entirely. I just…need to be real for a change.”
“Did you grow up around here?” Castiel asked.
Dean nodded, rubbed his chin, and looked back over at Claire. “That’s worrisome.”
Dean nodded slowly. “I knew you had to have some kind of shit going on with your parents,” he said. “I know the look, and well, if your dad is anything like mine…” Dean trailed off, and just looked at Castiel. Castiel tried very hard to keep his eyes on Dean’s face and didn’t look down at his bare chest.
Dean leaned back and started to get up. He stood and pulled his pants up, zipping and buttoning the jeans. “Don’t be so dramatic, Cas,” he said, bending down to swipe up his t-shirt. “And look, whatever. That’s how it is with us, right? It either feels like it could go on forever or just as likely end the next day. Nothing is safe.”
Dean looked at Castiel like he had just found the holy grail. “You’ll help? You’re a fucking saint Cas! Get over here! Come behind the bar,” Dean said and waved Castiel forward wildly.
Mid-December now. The snow finally came in the city. Castiel had to stop on his way home to admire it. He always loved the way the snow fell like crystals, brightened by the lights in the city. The streetlights, the buildings, the cars. At night it was incredible. He wished Dean was here with him. To watch the snow swirl, to hold his hand.
Castiel instantly felt flush- someone had recognized him, and better yet, they were a fan.
“I’m…I have. I have eaten. And I slept a lot.” Castiel was stammering; reality was slippery. He focused on Dean’s hands.
On Friday morning, Castiel awoke to the house smelling of bacon. He stepped in the kitchen to see his mother fully dressed in a light blue gown with buttons, her hair curled, an apron tied tightly around her waist and a pan in her hand. “Castiel,” she said when he came in. “Oh darling, good morning. Breakfast?”
Castiel just shook his head and dug into his own burger, which was practically holy. When he swallowed, and went to bite in again, he saw Dean looking at him.
“You can take the pullout couch if that’s okay,” Dean said as he closed the front door behind him.
He scampered away, up to Dean’s apartment building, and pressed Dean’s doorbell.
Castiel looked down at the top of Dean’s head. His hair was a messy cloud, spiking everywhere. Castiel’s hair probably looked worse. Dean rolled off Castiel and collapsed heavily next to him. Castiel looked over at the side of Dean’s face and -
“The whole time,” Dean said.
Castiel looked down at the cap with his eyebrows high. “Thank you,” he said.
Dean clicked his tongue and cut him off. “And your mom, she a housewife? She does nothing?”
Castiel forced himself to look away and gather his things. He grabbed his coat and threw it on, then carefully closed the lid over the piano keys.
Castiel felt his chest hurt. He wished it could be just him. He wished it could be just him and Dean.
From somewhere inside the apartment, Dean’s voice called out, “Yes, of course, my brother, the goddamn psychic, can
“This place is pretty gaudy, huh?” Dean said. “It’s like Christmas threw up all over it. I did love your playing though. You made even the most annoying Christmas music sound reasonable.”
“Well, I don’t want our dad…or Luke for that matter, to be in my life. Not even Michael. These last couple of months have made that clear now.”
Gabriel waved him off. “Oh, come on. I’m just poking fun.”
Inside was a screaming match. Chuck and Luke were there bickering about something in the living room while Naomi and Michael stood beside them.
Castiel stood dumbstruck. He still held the tiny, spent cigarette in his hand. He dropped it, smashed it into the street just to see the dark dot it made, then went back into the club.
“Ladies night was an absolute success!” Dean called out after he closed up the register and cracked open a beer.
Dean laughed, held his stomach, then kept laughing. It wasn’t funny at all, Castiel thought. Dean’s whole face opened up, his eyes closed, wrinkles next to them, his cheeks plump. Castiel couldn’t help but smile. Dean’s laughter was contagious.
Castiel was caught off guard once against by Dean’s casual prying; his questions that seemed to be woven in perfectly yet also out of nowhere. “I don’t do much actually,” Castiel said.
“I should thank you both for allowing me to stay here,” Castiel said after a moment of silence. “And for breakfast.”
“Do you see people as songs?”
“Mornin’ sunshine!” Dean said and pushed a cup into Castiel’s hand.
Dean hummed in recognition. “Oh yeah. It was a waltz or whatever, right? You were avoiding it?”
Dean laughed at that, then went to the counter to start settling the register. Charlie went to the back room to gather her things. Castiel put his hands behind his back and felt awkward. He pulled on the back of his shirt then thought better of it and tucked it back in your belt.
“I’ll be okay,” Castiel said, looking down at his hands. He grabbed at the sleeves of Dean’s shirt. “Oh,” he said and pointed at his chest. “You’ll want this back.”
“I don’t know.”
It was that same feeling, but lightyears worse.
Castiel looked down at the bed and tried to refocus himself.
They reached a clearing and Castiel saw a couple of corrals with a black horse in one and a couple of tan horses in the other. There was a bigger corral in the distance and Castiel could see several girls riding horses. One was in a gallop and jumped over a huge log. Dean led him to a small barn ahead.
“I feel guilty,” Castiel said.
“I understand,” Castiel said. “Truce?”
When he finished the song, he dropped his left hand into his lap and took in a breath before looking over at Dean. Dean looked gorgeous, with his lips shiny and parted, and his eyes fixed steadfast on Castiel. He had an expression that Castiel couldn’t quite read, and it was like looking too closely at something you suspect you’re not supposed to see. Dean leaned forward then, suddenly, and pressed a hard kiss onto Castiel’s lips.
There was also a young girl with curly blonde hair sitting in the center of the couch in the living room. She stared out before her, at some indecipherable small spot in the room. Claire.
He wasn’t wearing his necklace. Castiel even looked for it, moved his hands across his chest to find the amulet and take it off carefully, but it wasn’t there. He was going to ask, but Dean kissed him harder.
“I should get going, actually,” Castiel said, rubbing a hand through his hair which was most likely looking wild.
Castiel loosened his grip just a bit, letting Dean recover, but he thrusted harder into Dean’s hand, letting himself go, and he came as well, not long after Dean.
Dean nodded and pushed out his lower lip. “Can I drink the rest of your whiskey?”
Castiel started to pump his hand, his grip tightening. He moved his thumb under the head of Dean’s cock, pushing and smoothing over it. He moved his hand up and down, tightening his grip as he pushed up. Dean opened his mouth against the edge of Castiel’s lips, breathing heavy. He pressed their foreheads together, knitting their breaths between them. Castiel moved and kissed his jawline, his cheekbone.
Castiel cleared his throat, and Ellen gave him a weird look. “Um, yeah. Dean’s been helping.”
Dean pulled on something, tightened some bolt with his fingers, dusted off something else. He closed the hood and started to circle around to the passengers’ side. Castiel followed, watching his face.
He had to get up. But his chest felt like it had a metal stake driven through it. It took great effort, but he sat up and leaned against the refrigerator.
Amelia smiled at Castiel. “She misses you,” she said. “She misses her favorite uncle.”
a decrease in loudness in a piece of music
“Fuck,” Dean said, his voice already sounding shattered. “Fuck, Cas. I need-”
, he had a crush on Dean. As if life couldn’t get any more complicated. He rubbed his eyes and called out, “What?”
“It is,” Sam said. “Bobby lives where all the farms are and mountains and rivers and cows and it’s quite beautiful.”
Castiel’s eyes glided across the room and he spotted Sam and Jessica sitting at a booth, Charlie dancing in the fray of the crowd, and Garth bussing tables. When the clock struck nine, he spotted his brother emerge from the backroom, and take the stage.
“Um,” Castiel said as he stared. “Anything.”
Castiel thanked him and headed out the bar.
“Dad, please. You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Who told you that?” Castiel said.
“Oh, I’m so sorry!” He said and caught himself before he knocked the poor woman over, and her boys with her. She and her kids sprung back. She was young, with shiny brown curls and winged black eyeliner.
Castiel didn’t have a television, but Kelly seemed to be a veteran in knowing how to distract kids by any means. She sat down on the couch and watched Claire, who stood hesitantly in the middle of the room. Kelly asked, “Do you want to play twenty questions with me?”
“Are you okay?” Castiel muttered into the crook of his neck. He looked up, and their noses collided.
“Because I care about you. Hell, I fucking…I fucking need you. You changed things for me, you changed everything, you- and I, I put that weight on you, in my mind I put that weight on you. You know…this whole summer has been the best part of my life because I met you. I want you to understand that. I want you to understand what you mean to me.”
Dean’s eyes traveled down to his lips.
Come be nice to me (please) on
“And to see you,” Castiel said, and he had to force himself to say it, to show affection. He could easily chicken out, but he wanted Dean to like him.
July came in hot and merciless. The streets steamed in the hot sun, and the familiar smell of melting rubber drifted through the city like it did every year.
Castiel followed Ellen to the counter. He shed his coat and placed it on the stool next to him then sat and pressed his forehead to the table.
The house became tense again. Castiel sipped his coffee slowly, wishing his brother was still here. He could always ease the tension. Jimmy, the one with the friends, the one who was good with women, the one who made people smile.
“We’re meeting Sam and Jess at Penn Station. I have extra room in my bag if you need it.”
“Then?”
Half listening, Castiel replied. “That sounds great mom,” then he realized and turned to look at her. “Actually, um, I can’t. I’m gonna be out tonight.”
Castiel hummed into his shoulder and felt drunk in Dean’s embrace. He wanted to have this moment forever.
Claire retired to her bedroom after brushing her teeth. She kept the door open halfway for Castiel’s sake.
Dean circled the car, then squatted down and peered through the wheel’s spokes. “Have you been riding the breaks on this thing?” Dean asked. “Did Bobby tell you to do that? Jesus Christ. You can’t just ride ‘em then slam on them when you need to stop. This is an old car, you gotta take it slow or it’ll fall apart underneath you.”
Castiel moved up to meet his eyes, brush their noses together. Dean grabbed the back of Castiel’s neck and pulled him forward to his lips. Dean kissed him, open mouthed, their teeth clashing. Castiel bit Dean’s bottom lip, lightly, then kissed him hard.
“Dad.”
Castiel felt his chest constrict. He knew it was true, but he didn’t want it to be true. And what if it wasn’t? He’d be kidding himself.
“No,” Castiel said, feeling his stomach flip. “Not like that. My parents want to set me up with her.”
“Is that what you two are fighting about?”
He sprung out of bed at his usual time of 5:30 am this morning but decided to stay up. He made himself toast really quick, got some coffee from a local place in the Upper East Side, betraying Ellen, who opens around 9, and then heading over to the Campbells as soon as he could. The place was open, but it was only him, a drunk in the corner and a man he didn’t recognize working the counter. He was slender, almost like a pencil, and he wore a baseball cap with red stripes down the side. He said his name was Garth. Castiel had to check twice, then another time, to make sure he was in the right place. Dean hadn’t opened that morning but Castiel was hoping that he would come by later. For now, he waited, staring at the squirrely man behind the counter and probably looking incredibly creepy.
by heart because of how many times he had to play it at his family’s lavish Christmas parties growing up. But most he had to play by ear, and figure it out as he went. He knew any minor mistakes he made wouldn’t even be heard over the party.
“I believe so yes,” Castiel nodded.
Castiel grabbed at Dean’s jacket, a ratty denim thing, and yanked it off his body a lot less gentle. He started on his shirt, pulling the hem up past his chest. Dean pulled away and tore it off. Castiel smoothed his hands over his chest, warming his hands. He realized he could never get tired of how warm Dean is, how soft his skin is. He kissed Dean’s neck, under his ear, the bolt of his jaw, down to his collarbone.
“But she won’t like this dump!” Claire called out.
They came up to a shiny black car with silver rims and spotless windows like Dean cleans it on a day-to-day basis. Dean patted it on the hood. “Nice, huh? 1952 Chevy Impala. Greatest thing I own.”
“You know, I don’t think your father loves me,” she mumbled after what seemed like five or so minutes of waiting.
“That’s partly why I asked you. Do you think she’d like it out there?”
Castiel’s ride on the subway felt like a dissociative dream. He missed his stop three times. He had to circle back a couple blocks. When he got back on the subway, he missed the stop again. It must have taken him hours to get to the upper west side, but he felt disconnected from the world, and hadn’t checked the time in over a day.
Castiel looked around the room. Dishes full of half-eaten food were on any available surface. They piled up and smelled. A couple more days of this and there might be cockroaches. Castiel realized he’d have to clean up a bit before he went. “Has Gabe gone back to California?” he asked.
Castiel had no idea how long he had been looking at Dean when he felt a tap on his elbow. He turned to see Claire standing next to his chair, holding Kaia’s hand. “Can we have pizza now?” she asked.
“It’s okay,” Dean said. Then, without warning, clicked open the door behind him and Castiel almost lost his balance.
Kelly continued. “Jack and Bel’s father…his last name was Novak too. Look, I know it’s a big city, and that it could be anyone. But I felt like it was fate when I met you because I could finally settle this.” Kelly moved one hand away from his and placed a fist against her chest. “I have this pain inside of me.”
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Left over from West Point?” Dean said as if he read his mind.
“Amazing,” Charlie said. “Truly.”
“Sure he does,” Charlie smiled slyly at him.
Claire has enjoyed hanging out at Charlie’s store while Castiel works. Her and Charlie become thick as thieves, and Charlie lets her slowly read through her collection of wonder woman comics. They’re a little above Claire’s reading level, but she adapts with their help.
Castiel wondered what they were to each other. Lovers? Fiancés? Maybe they were just friends who occasionally kissed. Maybe Dean was some kind of womanizer, and Castiel almost found more comfort in that thought. Womanizers were not ones to settle down, and they were often single. If Dean even felt remotely the same way Castiel did, he’d never want to settle in a million years.
“It’s gonna take her time. You just gotta take it day by day.”
Dean propped himself up on his elbows. He peered up at Cas with a serious, sober expression.
“I mean Dean,” Claire said, as if she was reading his mind.
Finally, he looked up Dean and Garth. They were staring in awe. Even the drunk in the corner was watching intently.
Castiel dropped his arms. His lips parted. He stopped breathing.
“I wish I had some kind of talent. Something going for me,” Dean said, not meeting Castiel’s eye as he counted the money in the register.
He got on the subway and sat on the cold seat. No one was in the car except for a man asleep sprawled over several seats.
Castiel reflected his smile and fumbled with the door to the bar. He realized it was locked; he gave Dean a painfully awkward smile, then he unlocked it and left. He wanted to take one last look at Dean, who he was certainly falling head over heels for. But he played it cool.
Castiel wanted to go to him. He felt every bone in his body fighting him to get up and go to Dean. He shifted in bed and swung his legs over the side slowly, but before he could stand and approach Dean in the kitchen, Dean had already disappeared back into his bedroom.
They walked out together, and Dean locked up. Charlie looped an arm around Castiel, then when Dean fell into step with her, she locked an arm with him too.
The bathroom was surprisingly spacious. The appliances were a light green and the mirror had smudges and scratches around the corners. Castiel balled up a wad of toilet paper and wetted it, then he sat on the edge of the bathtub and started to dab away the wine. The toilet paper came back a dull pink.
He was rattling with nerves.
Dean looked confused, like he had something in his mouth, and he was trying to identify it by its taste. “That’s not it.”
“Kansas? That’s so far.”
“Good burgers though.”
Dean laughed and went to go root into the fridge again. He resurfaced with a beer, dripping in condensation.
Ellen shrugged. “Alright. I still think you should go over there though. Bit of advice, you need to work, and Claire can’t hold you back anymore. I know from experience. You have to work around have a kid.”
Missouri gave him a look that was sizing him up, then nodded as if approving of him.
“Good morning!” Claire yelled. “You thought you’d be sneaky? You thought I wouldn’t remember it was your birthday?” Her voice shook while she jumped.
Castiel looked up at him and he was all business, and it was as if they’d just met, not like this man just had his dick in his mouth.
, and then Dean opened the door. When they stood face to face, Dean just sighed. “Why?” he said and rolled his eyes.
When he got inside, he saw Bobby drinking a second- or third- beer, and he was preparing sandwiches for them all. Bobby greeted him and Castiel said, “Thank you for allowing me to come by.”
“I’m not sure.”
“Did you, um, ace a paternity test?”
Gabriel stood awkwardly and adjusted his hat. “You’re not gonna cut me out though right? I mean, I wouldn’t blame you. I’ve been an absolute ass.”
Castiel nodded against Gabriel’s shoulder. He hadn’t seen his brother in nine years, and he was lying. He did not miss Gabriel. He resented him.
as a unit.
Castiel felt something heavy drop in his stomach. Dean turned to Charlie with a massive pink drink and gave her a smile. “I haven’t noticed,” he said.
“I broke your rule though,” Castiel murmured. “Which was, what exactly?”
He walked on and crushed his hand into a fist so hard that his nails dug into is palm.
After saying goodbye to Sam, Garth, and a few spectators that had become fans, Castiel and Claire left the bar. Castiel felt like he was walking on air.
“But is she…”
“Go back to sleep,” Gabriel said. “I’ll see you at breakfast.”
Above a new crash of music, Castiel shouted. “I found a daycare for Claire. She doesn’t have to come around here during the daytime anymore.”
Daphne walked over to her and leaned down to her level on the wooden chair. She held out her hand. “I’m Daphne. A friend of Castiel’s. Your grandparents have told me a lot about you.”
“Sorry the lighting is a bit weird in this apartment,” Castiel said. “Honestly, I didn’t expect anyone would be living with me.” Wrong. Wrong. She didn’t choose this. This is not fun. She’s not your roommate. Her parents died. Castiel had no idea how to talk to an eight-year old. “Are you hungry?” Food was a start.
“Where’s Dad?”
He recognized the boots, the jeans, the muffled voice, the grunting. He knew the crooked knees, and the freckled hands, the bulky knuckles. It hit him like a goddamn train.
The three brother’s all groaned.
“Don’t fucking patronize me, boy. Don’t treat me like I’m younger than you, like you know better.”
“What do you mean?”
He realized how numb he had been, and how much the world had been dulled. There were flashes of color, of light, of happiness. But, right now it all came barreling back: the pain, the reality, the heaviness. The bandage had been torn off from over his eyes.
“I get that,” Dean said. Then, he pouted. “Want a drink?”
“You have six muffins and if you have six of those six then…”
Castiel silently dabbed her shirt with bleach for a few moments. He didn’t know what to say and he felt stiff. He turned on the faucet beside her when it came to him. “When your father and I were growing up, your Uncle Michael would bring us to an aquarium every year on our birthday. We’d go to the big one in Brooklyn, and my favorite part was the touch pool when you got to feel all the scales on the fish and how slimy the stingrays were.”
. And we’ll say
“I’m thinking about it,” Gabriel said absently, and his gaze roved around the room.
“Jimmy, what do I do?”
“I have no idea. Not long.”
“It’s really no big deal you can just return it at the bar-”
“Oh.” Castiel had been expecting that.
The cashier asked for his address and phone number, which Castiel had to figure out by asking Crowley repeatedly, then informed him that the piano will be ready for delivery the next day. Castiel tapped Claire on the shoulder to get her attention and they set out back onto the street.
“Really?”
“Nope.”
Strangely, it caught him off guard. But, feeling Dean’s lips against him was familiar, like coming home. He breathed into it, lifting his uninjured hand, and clutching the collar of Dean’s t-shirt. He forgot about the pain in his other hand.
“Just stay in here. Please. Lock the door and don’t make a sound.” Dean pushed Castiel further into the tiny bedroom, then left and closed the door behind him. Castiel reached forward and locked the door.
He remembered those times growing up when him and Jimmy would be taken to the aquarium. It was a rare moment when Michael didn’t ignore them. He’d pack them up in his car and head over the Brooklyn bridge. One year in particular, when the draft ended and Michael just missed it by a hair, Michael must have spent a hundred dollars buying them shirts, figurines, candies, really anything they wanted from the aquarium. Michael was so happy to avoid the war, and really his luck hasn’t left him since. It was the best birthday of Castiel’s life. The touch pool was crowded with fish and surrounded by little kids pushing and butting heads. Castiel remembered seeing a big angry kid reach into the water, yank out a golden fish, and hold it in his fist like a baseball. The fish thrashed and squirmed and the kid dropped it on the ground. All the kids around him scattered except Castiel, who stood there, the fish wiggling near his feet.
“Okay,” Castiel said slowly. “What?”
Castiel walked beside Dean as he excavated the memories of the town he grew up in. All Castiel could do was watch their shadows grow longer and try not to fall harder for Dean.
“And this day was amazing. And I feel I don’t deserve it. Not when...you know, my brother is gone. Not ever, really. He was the one who deserved all this.” Although lulled by sleep, and comforted by Dean’s presence, Castiel was still surprised that he could speak truthfully.
“Actually,” Dean said with a pout then put his hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Sam, go check out. I’ll be with you in a second.”
The phone rattled again. “Are you coming down or what? I’m not delivering it to your doorstep, your highness.”
He walked slowly into the building and greeted the doorman with a nod. His glare seemed deeper this time around. He must have heard the news. Naomi, his mother, tells everyone updates on the lives of her children no matter if they like it or not. Castiel felt eyes on him as he walked across the lobby and into the elevator. His elevator operator, Donatello, was always nice to him. When Castiel stepped into the elevator, Donatello’s face lit up.
He willed himself to clear his mind, and then went up to his apartment. He didn’t want to talk to Donatello, didn’t want him to look at him with disappointment. He took the stairs.
“Yes,” Castiel said. “Her’s is quite good, but that’s not the point. Are you married? Perhaps you’d understand.”
“You need help with that?”
“Distantly,” Sam said from beside him. Castiel turned to look at him. Sam’s hair was a messy brown cloud. “On our mother’s side. Campbell is an Irish name.”
“Thank you for coming,” Castiel said at the same hushed volume.
“Dean…you have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Dean.
Everything was white, with splotches of yellow and reds from the lights. Every voice was a siren, but quieter now, hushed, like he was causing a scene.
Castiel told him his new address, took in the sight of Dean’s face once more time for strength, then left the bar and walked back out onto the street.
But the spell was broken. Everything was wrong. Him and Dean used to be on the same track, and they were moving together. Now, it was like Dean was stuck on a train across the city, and Castiel was stuck on an airplane.
Dean lead him out past the backyard and on a dirt path down a hill. Dean had changed into a clean white t-shirt and he washed his face off. Castiel could tell he was in his element among the trees. He bounced along the trail in front of Castiel, kicking up dirt and breathing in deeply. He turned when he got to the bottom of the hill, and watched Castiel descend. Castiel stopped next to Dean and Dean gave him a smile before going onward on the trail.
“Are you okay?”
“I’ll be back as soon as possible. I just need to…” he didn’t know how to explain.
Dean took a moment, searched his eyes, his face, then he smiled. Dean kissed him soft and slow, and it was painful having to stifle the desire that was growing in Castiel’s chest. He let Dean kiss him, let it be achingly gentle for a moment or two. Then, he deepened the kiss. With his fingers weaved into Dean’s hair, he pushed his lips harder onto his own. Dean groaned from the unexpected control that he was taking, the sound muffled between them.
“Your mother seemed…” Donatello cleared his throat. “Strangely alright in regard to everything that is going on.”
“Yes,” Castiel said. “My parents love it very much.”
Dean smirked and looked down at his shoes. “When I moved to the city, I met a guy named Benny. He took me under his wing. Can I have that?” Castiel passed the cigarette to Dean. “Then he got married to his girl and moved away to Louisiana.”
Selfish. He’s fucking selfish. Castiel wanted to scream at him, tell him he’s an asshole, that he’s ruining everything, that without him nothing made him feel alive.
“Okay, okay. You know what, I’ll go right now!” Castiel said. He got up off his stool and chugged the rest of his coffee.
Dean breathed out, and the white smoke curled in the night like a ghost. “No offense, but your brother is kind of an ass. He’s a riot though, or at least the crowd thinks so. That’s why I haven’t kicked him out.”
I don’t give a fuck, Cas.”
“Right. Yes.”
“Oh. It was a waltz.”
“You said most of the time. When do you not feel empty?”
“I’ll send you a postcard,” Daphne said, then disappeared down the stairwell.
“That Dean guy? Fix it.”
He took the necklaces and dropped them in his pocket.
It was his father, speaking with the two women. They seemed to be bickering about something. When Castiel realized it was Chuck, he walked quicker down the street. It was only when he reached the corner that he looked back and saw all three of them looking directly at him.
The bathroom at the Winchester household was smaller than the one in Dean’s apartment in NYC. It was almost like stepping into one of those Egyptian coffins that stood up straight. Castiel dragged Dean into the bathroom and sat him down on top of the yellowed-porcelain toilet lid.
Castiel spun around on his stool to look up at a squirrely young guy. “Hey,” he said, and placed a hand on the bar. “You’re that piano guy, aren’t you? Where’ve you been man? Play something!”
Castiel didn’t know what to make of that.
Dean instantly looked shocked, and his hands tightened around the armrest of his chair. After a moment, Sam spotted him too. Sam’s face dropped, like Castiel was sad news, but then he plastered on a fake smile like it was practiced. He was tall and gangly in his chair, and he hovered over a huge book on the table before him.
“Jesus Christ…” Dean said with a sharp voice and then ran a hand through his hair. Castiel closed his eyes and felt the Dean’s head, heavy on his chest, the weight grounding. He could feel Dean’s heart still slamming in his chest. Then, Dean’s whole chest vibrated, and it was like music flowing into Castiel’s ears, although he felt more than heard Dean’s laughter. “Leave it to me to curse that way to a guy whose named after an angel.”
“Does Kelly know?”
He didn’t know how to tell people this. He should have practiced.
Before Castiel knew what he was doing, he stepped forward and wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders. It was slow, and delicate. When Dean hugged him back, Castiel felt calm and safe for the first time in a while. He buried his face in Dean’s shoulder, and Dean just held him tightly against his chest.
“Wait wait,” Dean said, breathless. “Come here.” Dean pulled at Castiel’s hair, and Castiel lifted his head. Dean was flushed from the chest up, and he pulled Castiel’s hair harder.
He played the song twice. Once all the way through without variation, then once again with his own flare. He’d slow some parts down, speed up other parts, repeat notes or add some. Weirdly enough, he thought of his mother, and her up and down moods like a seesaw.
“Never?” Dean asked. “Not even at West Point?”
He never knew with Dean. But Dean eased the tension and shrugged. “I don’t know. Frankly, I don’t really care. I kinda like both men and women or whatever. I’ve just...never really thought about it that much.”
Their kids were becoming a little unit, and although other kids from Missouri’s daycare would be invited sometimes for playdates, it was always the four- Claire, Jack, Bel and Patience- that stuck together. Soon into their tight friendship, Kaia started coming into the mix, and before Kelly, Missouri and Castiel could keep up, there were five little kids running around their feet.
Sam spoke before he could, and he instantly felt like a jerk for it. “Are you gonna come?” he said.
Dean made sure he got into his apartment safe, then disappeared.
“Cas-,” Dean said, with his lips on his jaw. “Can you…fuck…can you,”
Dean nodded. His nose brushed Castiel’s ever so slightly, and Castiel just wanted to collapse forward and kiss him, over and over. Instead, he leaned back a bit to see Dean more clearly. “I’ll have to bring Claire.”
“Castiel!” Jo said and bounded over. She pulled Castiel in a hug and ruffled his hair. “Does this mean we’re gonna have a night where we hang out like old times? I love this!”
“Charlie,” Castiel started. “I’m so sorry. I should have called or something. It’s been so crazy.”
. Castiel would like to.
Castiel felt a pang to his heart. “Not really no,” Castiel said. Then, “I was…shy. I guess. Lived in my brother’s shadow.”
Castiel realized he had been talking for a while, spilling everything at Dean’s feet like blood from his hands. Dean stood in the doorway, his hand held still in the front door handle, his eyes scanning Castiel’s face. Castiel looked into his eyes, saw how guarded Dean looked, saw the battle of thoughts in his head.
He could tell Dean was watching him. He was standing with his hip against the bar, watching Castiel’s fingers move rapidly across the keys. This was a song that took him a rather long time to learn. In the month it took him to perfect, he had bruises all over his knuckles from where his teacher thwapped him.
“Well these guys are happy,” Jody said, and as a rider came around with her horse, Jody grabbed its bit and guided it over to Claire. Claire giggled as the horse nudged its nose into her open palm. “They’re friendly see?”
It was a waltz. He remembers when he first learned it. He was nine years old. His piano instructor with a long nose and small glasses was tapping his knuckles with a pencil and trying to get him to position his fingers correctly. When he’d miss a note, she’d whip down the pencil on him and he’d start the song all over.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The truth may be stretched thin, but it never breaks, and it always surfaces above lies, as oil floats on water.”
“I was hoping you wouldn’t,” Castiel groaned.
“I don’t know-”
“Sorry about yesterday.”
With Claire reluctantly holding his hand, Castiel waiting for Charlie to tell her employee to take over the register, then sidled up right next to Castiel.
“That was shittier than usual,” Charlie said with a giggle and a sip of beer. It was well into the afternoon, and almost time for Charlie and Castiel to leave for work at her record store. But they all needed to wind down.
Castiel leaned forward and kissed his forehead. He heard Dean breathing heavily, like he was holding back tears.
The rest of the day went by slowly, like a calm dream. Castiel continued to play a mixture of Satie, Liszt and Bach, and even a little bit of improvisation on his own. Tips came trickling in. Dean, Sam and Garth muddled around, working the bar, while writers and businessmen and curious people stepped in for coffee. Claire sat on the platform and colored on a sheet of paper Dean fished out. Sam had to go down the street to a pharmacy and pick up some crayons. Castiel thanked them profusely.
“Considering you were in Paris, I didn’t think you’d choose us over that,” Castiel said as fast as he could before he could be scolded.
Castiel just watched him, his heart aching, and wanting so bad to reach out and thread his fingers through Dean’s hair. He let him focus, and closed his eyes, allowing the pain to wash over him.
I think I finally get what you mean. Really, I’ve understood it all along.
“No,” Castiel muttered to himself. He looked down at his hands, down at the cross lying on his chest, down at this car he so stupidly borrowed. And for what reason?
“Thank you,” Castiel whispered. Dean pressed forward and kissed him.
“Dean-”
Dean pouted. “I don’t know about selfless, but-”
But a strange part of Castiel felt as though he needed to prove himself in this way. He needed to be in a car, overcome that fear, and begin to sever himself from the pain and grief he’s felt since Jimmy’s death.
“Dean?” he said, and his voice came out as a whisper.
Castiel felt like everything was falling apart around them, but when he looked at Dean, it was all okay. He was happy.
As if on a trigger, Castiel moved the needle off the record.
Dean finally turned to look at him. His expression was unexpected. If Castiel wasn’t crazy he would have said Dean looked like a bundle of nerves. Dean’s eyes had an unreadable expression, a faraway look. But as he studied Castiel’s face closer it was like it all came barreling back. His focus. His oppressive gaze. Came back like the tide. His eyes were so green. “Shit…” Dean said. “I haven’t talked to Lisa in, I don’t know, a month or so? We broke it off- whatever
“I’m here now,” he said. His breath coming out and swirling in the dark sky.
Elvis album. Bucket of candy Charlie keeps behind the register. Charlie’s “secret” selection of pin ups. A lack of customers due to the sudden rain. “A blissful day,” Charlie said as she bounced around to the music.
“Both my parents died,” Charlie continued. “In a car accident when I was little. I bounced around on my own, had foster parents sometimes, mostly lived in group homes and homeless shelters. Then, I used all the money I got doing odd jobs, and well, my parent’s money, which was quite a bit, and I opened up this store when I was 18. It’s my pride and joy.” Castiel looked over at Charlie, who had settled back in comfortably to the couch. “I don’t know why I’m telling you this,” she said.
As promised, Kelly made spaghetti, and once it was done, she called for the five of them to come to the kitchen and sit down at the table. Kelly said grace, and they dug into their meals.
“Oh,” Castiel said. “I wouldn’t classify myself as such. More of an aspiring musician.”
There was then a knock at the door. He took one last concerned look at Claire, then got up and went to answer it.
The metal door to Swayze’s slammed and a figure came out. He looked a little dizzy, like he couldn’t quite find the stairs in the dark. Although the lights illuminated them, being drunk turns the lights out anyway. In the light, Castiel could recognize the tan skin, the button-down shirt rolled up to the elbow, then the hair and profile.
Castiel looked up then, finally realizing what kind of conversation this was. His eyes flitted between Missouri and Crowley.
“Like what you see?” Charlie said, standing before Castiel and watching his eyes travel around the store, her hands on her hips. “Look over here,” she said and pointed behind her, to the front counter, where action figures were lined up in a glass shelf. Castiel walked up to it and peered inside. “You look like how the kids look when they come in here,” Charlie said, adding a laugh.
“Do you want to talk about your parents? I think talking about them will help both of us…cope with everything.”
It took a minute to register that Castiel should chase after him, but when it clicked, he ran ahead to follow Dean. It was hard running on the path, and Castiel had to watch his feet with laser focus in order to avoid tripping on any roots sticking out of the ground.
Castiel felt a small stone form in his throat. “Thank you. Claire starts school again next week. I could come every day if you need me.”
Dean looked relived, but the intensity was still there. He didn’t let up, didn’t hide. “I care about you, okay? What happened to you is- it’s- it’s killing me. I couldn’t imagine losing my brother- I,” Dean was stuttering. When he mentioned his brother, he looked back down at the sink like he was breaking. “I don’t want to make it all about me, though.”
“I’m not trying to be- I’m-” Castiel caught himself. “Sorry.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nodded, then pulled him to his chest again. Castiel moved his hands up and wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders. He was practically limp in Dean’s arms. His eyelids grew heavy.
“I’ll take it,” Castiel said, and forked over the cash.
Dean seemed to break. He leaned into Castiel’s hand. He wouldn’t meet his eyes. “It’s always been like this.”
“Mom, you can’t think like that. You have to sit up okay. Have you had any water?”
Dean moved up and down, his movements steady. Castiel could tell it must hurt, as Dean grimaced each time, but the kisses reassured him, and the moans and the labored breath. It felt fucking amazing.
He played it twice to lengthen it- the second time he added his own variations, like he always liked to do.
Dean walked with him back to his car at Turner’s Garage. They didn’t speak. Castiel was in shock and disbelief, thinking that he failed. He
Dean didn’t protest past that. He just followed Castiel down the street, eventually catching up to him so they walked side by side. Castiel hated and loved the way he could see Dean out of his peripherals, hear Dean breathing, see his white breath in the air.
He could feel Dean shake his head against his shoulder. Castiel kissed his ear. “No. That was amazing. I…it- hurts, but I liked it.”
Castiel looked over at Dean, and Dean had the softest expression on his face. It wasn’t pity, nor was is apathy. It was something deeper. Dean reached over and placed his hand over Castiel’s. Castiel felt the flood gates open, like in some dimension of the universe they spoke like this every day, and bared their souls.
Before he could ask, Charlie came back out. “Let’s go bitches!”
Castiel put a hand on Dean’s chest and pushed him away gently. “Dean-”
Charlie and Dean were sitting at a table. Dean was smoking, Charlie was scribbling in a notebook, and they had a central view to the platform, where a young woman was blowing away on a flute and looked rather red faced. Castiel skirted up to the table and tapped Dean on the shoulder. Dean turned, a cloud of cigarette smoke in his wake, and a smile spread on his face. “Cas!” Then it dissipated. “Shit, sorry, I forget to tell you. Monday is audition day.”
“You do? Me too. They’re so dark and creepy and-”
“Dean-”
Castiel shrugged and stuck his hands in his pockets. “Small city.”
“Don’t wear it out. And you better go to Biggerson’s first, young man, don’t you make me go off doing favors for you for nothing.”
He shifted on the bed and sat up on it fully now, crisscrossing his legs and mirroring Castiel, their knees touching.
Castiel talked about music. Mozart. Beethoven. Bach. Liszt. Charlie admitted she didn’t know much about them. Castiel loved to explain his passions and loved when he realized Charlie gave him her full attention.
“I have something for you,” he said and fished the necklaces out from his pocket. He was angry at himself that he hadn’t done this sooner.
“What do you mean?”
…wait. No. Castiel shook his head. It said
Castiel slept for a little while more, only waking up when he smelled bacon wafting from the kitchen. He dressed himself and shuffled down the hall where he saw his mother and father sitting at the table. They were the quintessential couple. His mother wore a knee length dress that buttoned up to her neck, and his father wore a suit and tie. As a writer, he doesn’t leave the house much, but he dressed like a businessman anyway. This, Castiel presumed, was probably a way for Chuck to show him what a real man should be. A proper man, a good husband. Castiel wore a wrinkled white shirt, and a loose blue tie.
“Who’s that?” Claire called from across the room. Daphne must have seen her but didn’t comment. He was sure Naomi filled her in all about his new living situation.
Dean stared at the space she had just occupied for a second, then turned to Castiel with the same goofy smile. “She’s awesome,” he said, with no hint of sarcasm in his voice.
He’d seen Dean briefly a few times during the week. Campbell’s had gained a lot more recognition after Gabriel’s show, which rubbed Castiel a bad way but also made him happy for Dean. He’d play piano during the day while writers shuffled in and out, practically filling up the whole place. Dean would be flitting about, catering to customers, cleaning up, running the register. But perpetually he felt Dean’s eyes on him and saw him smile in the corner of his eye.
Sam rolled his eyes but otherwise ignored his brother’s comment, “Come in,” he told Castiel.
“Little bro,” he said. “I’m still in town. Little birdy told me you’ve been playing Piano at Campbell’s. I went over there today, asked the male-model looking guy if I could do a standup routine, and I got a timeslot tonight. You comin?”
, he said.
“Little bro,” he whispered, then dropped his suitcase and folded Castiel into a hug that Castiel did not respond to. “I’m sorry about everything.”
He muddled around his room, carding through old clothes, dusting shelves, cleaning the windows, sitting on the fire escape and smoking a cigarette.
Simple as that. He never thought there was something wrong with him, and although he felt like he should be ashamed, he could never bring himself to be.
“Sam, I can do it.”
Everything felt wrong, and every breath he took felt like stolen time. The guilt shred through him. He took the stairs up to his parent’s apartment, knowing that this was the last place he wanted to be, but not knowing what else to do.
“So pretentious,” Sam groaned and opened up his book to start reading.
Missouri gave him a sobering look. “The owner- his name is Dean, right? I’ve heard you mention him.” Castiel nodded. Then, without hesitation, Missouri continued. “You grew up in Manhattan, right?”
Castiel shrugged off Dean’s arm but couldn’t help be smile. He tried to hide it.
then lost himself in a long pull of his cigarette. The ember at the end of it brightened for a moment, then subsided.
It was one of the strangest moments of Castiel’s life. And the weirdest part was that Jimmy wasn’t there. He was out in the country for a weekend with Amelia and her family. That was Castiel’s memory and his alone. When he thought of Jimmy, he thought of everything they shared, but their lives were vastly different. He didn’t want them to be different. It made him feel stranded at sea.
Castiel looked at his mother, who had a faraway look, staring at the carpet by her feet. “No,” he said, his voice breaking. “No. We can’t do that to her.”
Castiel looked up at him then. Dean had this dumb, confident smirk of someone that was too stubborn to give up, too stubborn to try and live a peaceful life. Castiel felt angry, but above all, sad. “I won’t,” he said quietly. “I can’t force you to leave.”
“Claire, honey. Be quick okay? Don’t you wanna see the sea turtles?”
Then there was Dean. His smile lit up the room, and everyone’s silliness bounced off of him. Castiel felt like the luckiest man in the world, having him in his home. Dean would catch his eye and keep it, and throughout the night, Castiel felt more and more comfortable around him.
“What?”
Castiel smiled, kissed him again amidst giggles from Claire and Kaia, and got up. He walked over to his piano, dragging the bench out from under it, and sat. This was his place, his familiar place. He lifted his hands to the keyboard.
Dean shook his head. “You’ve seen my apartment. Just as cramped.” Dean was exaggerating to make him feel better and he knew it. Dean’s place must have been two times the size of his, in addition to another bedroom for Sam. Him and Dean both sank down into chairs next to each other at the kitchen table. They were both in eyeshot of the girls just in case they got into any mischief.
Bobby’s house was as disheveled as the outside looked, but Castiel loved how homey it felt; how meticulously organized in such a strange and nonconforming way it was. He noticed how everything in the Winchester’s life made his parent’s apartment look like a sterile hospital in comparison. Not that that apartment ever felt homey or warm in the first place. These spaces, however, made the difference even more striking.
“We should go to sleep,” Dean said, then he shifted closer again and brushed his nose against his cheek.
“And that’s just it. I haven’t struggled.”
Dean shrugged. “I’ve had worse family drama. It’s okay, Cas.” Dean gave him a soft smile, and Castiel melted. He wanted so badly to kiss him again.
They found Charlie by the front counter, chatting enthusiastically with a man who was purchasing a whole stack of comic books, new and old. When Castiel came into her line of vision, her face dropped, only for a second. She perked up again and finished helping the customer.
“Could Claire join?” The request came out uncensored, and Missouri gave him a strange look. Castiel instantly drew back on the stairs, and let Missouri ascend several steps ahead.
“We should go back in. Well, I’ll go first.”
Dean pouted at Castiel’s sober tone, at his refusal to joke about the situation.
“No problem,” Jody said, and leaned down to poke Claire in the cheek. “She’s a little angel.”
Castiel squinted at him and tilted his head.
Dean just shrugged but kept his eyes on him. “I’m doing it for Ellen, really.”
Castiel just shook his head, trying to convey some kind of compliment. He knew Dean wasn’t an ass and that Castiel would play till his fingers bled if Dean told him to, if Dean liked it.
Dean finally broke away, and started walking back towards the woods, only glancing back once to see if Castiel was following. Castiel followed him down the trail, and then they goofed around, laughing and hopping over the rocks and sticks in the trail, kicking them away as a pathetic attempt to clear the trail the way Jody wanted.
“No.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “I didn’t really just “drift in the wind,’” he said, imitating Dean’s nonchalant way of speech. “I had my reasons.” Castiel wasn’t sure how accurate that was, but he acted like he had conviction.
“Fancy?”
Castiel froze. “You’re right,” he said slowly. He could have sworn his heart stopped beating
, I mean,” Dean said as he straightened up. “It’s nice having you back.”
“We all want things,” the man said. “Doesn’t mean you can just have whatever you want.”
When he got there, there was barely anyone. A small group of young men were smoking and reading, and then there was Dean, behind the bar, his chin propped on his elbow, looking bored.
“You need bleach,” Castiel said. He grabbed Claire for her armpits and lifted her up on to the edge of the sink. “Not just water.”
Castiel was exhausted after a busy shift at Charlie’s. Claire was at Missouri’s daycare, but when he entered the lobby of his apartment building, he was met with a woman wearing an obnoxious floral dress, a purple hat, and white sunglasses. She stood at the counter, chatting animatedly with Crowley.
“You are?”
There was a banging noise, like some furniture must have gotten tipped over.
Castiel felt stung. “Claire…I don’t know. Maybe. I just don’t know.”
Something shattered within Castiel. He reeled back, shifted his stance, balled his fist, then punched Luke straight in the face.
Within the twenty minutes it took to get a cup of coffee from the diner, and run back down the street, he had devised a plan. It was probably not a very good plan, but more of a plan than he’s had the whole trip.
Castiel looked at his older brothers, who looked complaisant, but Castiel sputtered. “You- you can’t fucking do that. She’s not insane.”
“The Penguins are not bad!” Garth defended Dean. “I played them for my wife while I proposed!”
Castiel felt something in his chest twist.
“Life is already hard,” Sam said. “Stories should be an oasis.”
“Trails, boys, I always need the trails cleared. If you want, you can go do that while Claire and the students have a little afternoon snack. I’m sure they’ll love her.”
All the performers looked dejected, but then funneled over to the bar, where Garth was cleaning classes.
The woman seemed to turn sympathetic. “Oh, I’m so sorry to hear that,” she then smiled and held out her hand, letting go of one of her boys. “I’m Kelly Kline.”
“That looks fucking awful,” Dean said with a laugh.
Dean whistled. “Bobby really did you dirty, huh?”
Castiel nodded and returned his eyes to the keyboard. “I can never play this one.”
They walked in silence until they reached the clearing of the big field. Dean took in a deep breath. “Wanna run to the center?”
“Race you to the middle?” Dean said. Then, before Castiel could respond, he bolted forward just like he did before.
“I dropped out of West Point,” The honesty that spilled out of Castiel instantly made his heart pound. Heat rose from his neck to his face. Why did he feel as though he couldn’t lie to Dean? Castiel wondered if women came to this bar and felt the same way. If they spilled their guts before him as if to ask if he could come home with them, if they could have him.
“It’s alright,” Dean said. “Hey why don’t I get you a drink to take the edge off and you can tell me all about it.”
“That would be nice,” Castiel said. “Glad to meet you.”
Castiel loved him more than he could handle.
Dean’s frown deepened. “Cas, you…you have to take care of yourself.”
“I’m going back to bed.”
Dean regarded him closely for a minute, looking him up and down. Then, he groaned, stepped back, and turned around. Castiel followed him inside and closed the door behind him. “So I guess Charlie told you I’d be here. What a traitor.”
“Oh, don’t be so whiny,” Ellen said. She placed a white mug in front of Castiel and poured some coffee up to the brim. “I don’t see you for two years and now you’re here looking like something the military coughed up. Well, literally. Tell me what’s going on.”
He turned back to Dean and was surprised to see Dean was panic-stricken. His eyes were blown out. “Technically it’s my dad’s car. Come on, Cas.”
They got on a train headed to Queens where Amelia’s parents lived. There they were, sixteen people in total- 8 adults, 8 kids - and Castiel hated the small cloud of dark they made. They were like a storm cloud, sitting in a group on the train, and people stared at them the whole time. Claire held Castiel’s hand, and it was the only thing that tied him to reality.
They strolled along the park, and just as a horse drawn carriage rode past with a loud whiny, Jimmy said something inaudible.
“Sure,” Castiel said. “My parents don’t want me drinking caffeine after dinner. My mother thinks it’ll give me nightmares.”
When they got to the center of the field, the heat was sweltering, and Dean lied down in the grass like he had a month ago. Castiel sat beside him, propping his elbows on his knees. They sat in silence for several boiling moments, then he felt Dean’s hand come up and trace circles on his lower back, feeling the material of his shirt.
“I’d like to play here,” he said, his chin high. He propped his elbows up on the bar and crossed his arms.
With that, they all began cleaning. Dean put on a song by The Everly Brothers. It was about loneliness and heartbreak and Castiel almost felt like it was written for him. He watched out of the corner of his eye as Dean and Lisa smiled and talked while Dean cleaned up and reorganized the bar.
“What do you mean? You were twins.”
not divorced, and you can all have me out of your hair.”
And yes, the thought crossed his mind. In fact, it crossed his mind many times. His brother died in a car.
Claire buried her face into a pillow.
Castiel sat down on a bench. The drive was fucking exhausting, and he ate his last peanut butter sandwich the night before. Money was tight, but he could maybe spare a coffee and a warm meal at the dinner he passed.
Claire dropped her hands to Castiel’s chin then leaned down and whispered into his ear, “I think Dean has a crush on you.”
It was too much. “Claire, people can’t just drop their kids off at other people’s houses.”
Dean, without looking at Castiel, leaned over and whispered. “This is the third guy in a row that told that joke about the dumb blonde swimming halfway across a lake then wanting to swim back instead of keeping on swimming and, frankly, as a near-blonde myself, I find it fucking offensive.” He looked then, and in his eyes sparked a light of surprise when he realized Castiel had been looking at him the entire time.
Sam then mentioned Edgar Allen Poe again and Emily Dickinson and all these writers that wrote about such things like mortality and death. Dean smacked Sam on the arm and told him that this was not a light Sunday morning conversation over breakfast. Although they bickered, Castiel could tell that Dean loved his brother fiercely, and it almost made his heart twist to see the little makeshift life they’ve built around themselves, as the smallest yet warmest family Castiel ever knew.
It was then that Castiel turned away from Dean despite every cell in his body sprinting towards him. Dean had leaned forward enough that his nose just barely brushed Castiel’s jawline, and shivers ran all over Castiel’s body. When Dean moved back, Castiel instantly felt cold all over his body, and he wanted to hide away in a dark and lonely place for the crime of destroying what was happening between him and Dean. He exhaled sharply and stared forward.
“Forever is composed of nows”
Castiel pushed his lips against his again, softly, then pulled back. He cupped the sides of Dean’s face, smoothed his hair.
Dean sped up. He closed his eyes, trailed his lips over Castiel’s temple. Castiel held his hips gently, only pressing when he felt like he needed to hold on for dear life.
“Goodnight, Castiel,” Amelia said. “Maybe you can come visit soon now that you’re back in the city.”
He realized that people come into his life for a reason. Perhaps it’s to teach a lesson. A small lesson tailored to what they believe, tailored to the little corner of the universe they took up.
in Swayze’s.”
He didn’t want to lose it.
“Yes,” Castiel said. “I’ll be a second.”
“Not at all,” Charlie said. “I’m an odd ball myself. You are too, Dean. Although you’re too self-righteous to admit it.”
He’d have to be buzzed in, and the thought of alerting the Winchester household of his presence at this hour struck so much embarrassment in him that he almost threw up again beside the apartment building. He worked up his courage and rang the bell for Dean’s apartment.
“You gotta believe me that this happens all the time.”
If he’s broken for thinking things that felt so calming to him, then maybe it’s the world outside of him that is broken.
“He’s drunk too!”
It was decided then. He’d make a fool of himself.
“I’m not a part this family.”
He ran into his room and grabbed his suitcase. He shoved anything he could find in it. A jacket, a pair of pants, some shirts. He stopped. Dean’s shirt. He forgot to return it. He shoved it in there too.
“No-”
“I’m so sorry just to show up like this,” she said. “I should have called.”
Dean glanced between them, then laughed and started making a drink for Charlie.
“What?” Dean said with food in his mouth.
on the end. “You jealous of Mr. Brando?”
Castiel couldn’t handle it.
Castiel set his empty coffee cup down in the sink and practically slid out of the kitchen. “I’ll see you two later.”
“I would like to talk to you.”
Friday night, he got a call from Gabriel.
Dean bit Castiel’s lower lip then pulled away, just a bit, and shoved his hand between them. He ran his hand up Castiel’s cock, trapped in his pants. Castiel panted against Dean’s jaw as Dean felt the length of him, his hands moving up and down too slow but with enough pressure that it sent his head spinning. He had to bite his lip to not say
“Do you come here every Sunday?” Castiel asked. He felt more comfortable in this setting now as the beer sunk in.
- André Aciman
He practically ran to Campbell’s. When he got there, he jumped down the stairs and rapped on the door with his fist. The closed sign rattling. He heard grunting from the inside, something like
Castiel woke up an hour before Claire was supposed to get up. While being as quiet as possible, he got breakfast ready, packed Claire’s backpack, and even set out clothes for her to wear that he thought she would like. He had no idea what he was doing.
“It’s hard to explain.”
“No need to be sorry,” he said. “And you can tell me all about it in the morning okay? For now, get some sleep.”
“Stop talking,” his mother grumbled into her pillow. “Get out.”
“Bullshit,” she whispered.
Castiel blinked and gave Kelly a confused look.
“You did?”
Come be nice to me (please) on
“He knows how to joke about things one should probably not joke about. He does it with precision. But it doesn’t really work on someone who, you know, lives it,” Castiel said, and he took the cigarette from Dean’s hand. Their fingers bumped together and lingered.
"I’m jealous of you, Dean,” Charlie said. “I swear every girl without a ring on her finger is eyeing you like they have fucking ex-ray vision.”
They got the piano in okay, and Castiel, even though he knew it was included in the price of the piano already, tipped each guy because he was so grateful.
Castiel shifted his foot and the floor below him creaked. Missouri’s head snapped up and saw him standing at the crack of the door. She stared daggers into him. “Castiel can you please close the door.”
Jo stuck her tongue out at Ellen then left the cafe. Ellen just shook her head disapprovingly. “Back to you,” she said and turned her authoritative eye onto Castiel.
He sat down on the bench, lifted the fallboard, and splayed his hands over the keys. He stroked them gently, not pressing them to make any noise, just feeling the acrylic coating of the white keys. “Get a room,” Dean called out with a whistle. Castiel looked over at him to glare but the expression died on his face when he saw the way Dean looked at him, his pupils wide, his lips parted- he looked enraptured.
He loved Dean. He loved Claire. He loved his family.
“I’m staying over,” Charlie said. She nodded to Jo, “She is too. We are way too drunk to get back to our places.”
“Hey,” Dean said. “I was wondering where you went.”
“Want coffee, Cas?” If Castiel didn’t know better, he’d say Dean’s cheeks looked pink. But it was probably from the steam coming off of the stove.
He still couldn’t hear music.
(Although I don’t think 1958 was when he was hottest. It was probably more like 1951)
The yelling dissolved into incoherence. Yelling and punching, kicking, beating.
“You asshole,” Castiel snapped, suddenly turning to him.
No one answered.
“Thinking that would be a disservice for both of you.”
Dean’s other hand fell to the crook of his knee and Castiel instinctually bent his knee and set it beside Dean. Then, he brought his other knee up and straddled Dean’s thighs. Dean guided him down onto his lap with a hand on his lower back, and he pumped his hand again, his grip tightening on Castiel’s cock, the angle perfect. Their chests were aligned now, and Castiel pressed his forehead against Dean’s, their shaky breaths colliding. He straightened up, realizing Dean’s hand was almost trapped between them, and the angle became even more intoxicating.
Gabriel left the room and left Castiel in silence. For the first time in a couple of days, he couldn’t sleep. He just rested against the headboard.
Missouri narrowed her eyes at him.
They piled into Castiel’s borrowed car, and when Castiel started the engine, he heard the squeaking noise again. He pressed on the brakes lightly.
“Do you think my boys will be like that?” Kelly finally asked after they finished their wine ages ago.
After a long moment of Kelly trying to calm down, there was a tense silence, and both women looked up at him expectantly.
“Screw that,” Charlie said, a slight scowl on her face. Castiel looked up at her inquisitively. “Every kid should get to play with this stuff.”
Castiel was so overwhelmed with everything he needed to say, that he didn’t say anything at all.
Dean laughed and Castiel felt his head spin.
Castiel began to play the waltz. It was the same song that he played for Dean for the first time, while he was trying to impress him. He wanted to play it, rather needed to, because thinking about Dean made him feel some semblance of happiness. Above anything else, it was a gorgeous song, and Castiel simply liked it.
Claire didn’t wake up until grilled cheese was sizzling loudly on the stove. She shuffled into the kitchen rubbing her eyes and plopped down onto one of the wooden chairs still left by the table.
,” Castiel said, trying not to swear. “The noise. I’m so sorry. I’ve just been overwhelmed and she’s not- she hasn’t been like this before. I’ll try to calm her down. I’m sorry.”
Luke slammed his fist on the wall beside him, and everyone startled. The whole room seemed to rattle. “All I’m hearing is that you have a completely other life, a whole other
, underwear and crossed the room, where he sat on the edge of the bed beside Castiel and stuck a cigarette between his teeth.
“Oh,” Castiel said. He watched Dean’s placid face. “I’m sorry…this must really ruin the night.”
Dean dropped his head. “Yes. Must it be so hard?”
He began to weave through the crowd, between couples dancing or kissing, between single people mingling. A few women gave him interested looks but he did not return them. He made his way to the bar and practically threw himself against it.
Dean’s hands trailed him Castiel’s chest and met the cross hanging around his neck. For a quick moment, he held the cross between his fingers, rubbing the thin gold, considering it. Then, he released it, opting to kiss where the chain rubbed against Castiel’s neck.
“Um, yeah no. You were super out of it.”
-F. Scott Fitzgerald
“You have money!”
The apartment had seen better days. The tile on the floor was a strange dark red and the wallpaper was peeling. It was a one bedroom. The room of to the right side had a metal bed frame and Castiel was grateful he wouldn’t have to buy furniture. The kitchen was further back, across from a leather couch. Really, it had everything Castiel would need, and the best thing was a view out the massive window on the back wall. He could see Washington Square park.
“You jealous?” Charlie said, giggling with the beginnings of intoxication.
Missouri gave him a cautious look. Then, nodded neatly, and her and Patience ascended the stairs and disappeared behind the corner.
Castiel smiled and grabbed Claire from under her armpits. He hauled her up and slung her over his shoulder.
“Dean,” Castiel said quickly. “I’m fine you don’t have to interrupt the party.”
“Yup. You’re surprised now but get to know me better and you’ll understand. I may be a handsome devil, but I got some shit.”
The warm welcome was seizing up in Castiel’s chest, and he suddenly felt extremely grateful for what this city has given him, and what seems like destiny that he’s found himself here. He nodded and said, “I would love to. Thank you very much.”
He left his mother’s room after they sat in silence for a bit. He looked back up at her to see that she was asleep.
“Dean-”
But, he succeeded, grabbed his things, and went out the door.
It was a stressed night. But they made do with what they had. The bad feelings came back. The grief, the bruised ribs. Dean warmed up some frozen food, and Castiel insisted on making some tea to calm Dean’s headache from the bruise under his eye. The Winchester household didn’t have a tea kettle, and Castiel had to scrounge through the cabinets to find some old peppermint tea Sam most definitely bought way back when he still lived here. He put a pot on the stove and heated some water.
Charlie laughed loudly. “I didn’t think so.”
Castiel’s mouth went agape. “How do you…”
It was gonna be a long drive.
“So…” Castiel said, feeling a surge of confidence shoot through him. It was the tobacco and the remaining swirls of beer in his stomach.
There was a pharmacy down the street just a couple blocks away. He stepped in and went straight to the isle with the pain killers. Castiel knew exactly where they were, as he’d been coming to this pharmacy since he was a kid. He glanced around the store. It was so blue, a baby blue, and so vividly reminded him of his childhood. A song by the Everly Brothers was playing. It was bustling with people; all the rain must be making the people sick. His eyes settled on two men across the store, a tall one with shaggy brown hair and legs that seemed incredibly clumsy trying to choose between two types of cold medicine and the other leafing through magazines. He turned towards the one with the shaggy hair, showing his face to Castiel and-
It rained for most of September. And it was getting colder. It hadn’t been cold since before he met Dean. Or before Jimmy died.
“But, you don’t like her.”
When he finished, he dropped his hands to his lap, and sat quietly, letting the sound finish vibrating through the apartment.
After scouring the shelves, he decided to reread a book by Hemingway. He read it a long time ago, but he didn’t remember why. Maybe it was for school, or because he wanted to know more about war. He sat by the window and read until it was dark outside.
“Fuck,” Castiel muttered to himself between a cigarette. “I need to find a job.”
Hello wonderful people- warnings for some stuff about racism and homophobia in this chapter. You can skip the whole first section labeled "Andante" if you want. It's just an small but honest conversation about racism in 1950s NYC. I didn't want to not mention it.
“What?”
“You’re rich?” Dean asked.
The bartended turned around. He was young man; maybe one or two years younger than Castiel himself. His smile was radiant, and his expression was flustered from working under the lights all night. After a day of rejection, the smile, and whoever this man was, was like a breath of fresh air. “What can I get for you?” The man said, a towel in his fist. He leaned against the counter and his smile softened. His sleeves were rolled up to his elbows, showing tan muscle. Castiel had to lean closer to the guy because he could barely hear anything over the band.
friend to dinner as well, and he could hear Claire introduce herself. “I’m Dean,” he heard in reply, and his heart jumped in his chest.
His footstep struck a chord in the floor and the creak made his mother meet his eyes. “Castiel!” she exclaimed, lifting from her chair and holding her hand out to introduce the woman. “This is Daphne. She and her family moved in the building a couple months ago. I’ve been dying for you to meet her.”
“I should still apologize…” Castiel supplied, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes.
Castiel went limp, his hand still tight around Dean’s cock, but the rest of him like puddy. Dean kissed him gently as he kept moving up and down. Then, he stilled, and his hand shot up into Castiel’s hair, almost ripping out bits of it with how hard he was gripping. He came, and Castiel could feel it on his chest.
“This
“Let me call him,” she said. “You should go over to Campbell’s and play. I’ll let him know to kick out all the drunks so Claire can come with you.”
“You want me to be a kid again,” he told his mother plainly, as they walked along a path in central park after leaving the museum.
“When you play?” Dean asked.
Dean told Bobby about their dinner plans, and he practically cursed him out. He quickly made them some sandwiches for the road- bacon lettuce and tomato- and they all thanked him extensively. They could eat the sandwiches on the train.
Castiel felt tense, leaving Claire on her own. But she wasn’t on her own, and maybe a bit of time away from him will do her good. Him and Dean agreed to go work on the trail, and Jody ended her class. All the girls dismounted, and they guided their horses over to the barn to get their saddles off. Castiel knelt down in front of Claire, made sure she was okay on her own for a bit, then ruffled her hair and kissed her forehead.
His father groaned and muttered, “Finally…this boy is always late.”
Castiel glared at the man, then glanced down at his nametag. “Mr. Crowley,” he said, his voice tense. “I would like for you to tell me the rate at which you rent out your apartments.”
“Follow me,” Dean said.
The night mellowed down as they all drifted into their fourth glass of wine.
A strange, far off, orange light was shining from under the front door of his parent’s apartment. He opened the door with nerves curdling inside of him and was met with the sight of his father, sitting on the couch in the living room with a dull orange lamp on. He seemed to have been waiting for him to come home.
“She’s unstable,” Chuck said. “You of all people know this.”
“Drive safe, okay?” Dean said, his voice emotionless. “And tell everyone back in the city that I say hi.”
“Hi Sam,” Castiel said, but he couldn’t seem to get his feet to move.
He hadn’t been feeling well. There were creeping suspicions in the back of his mind that he was like his mother.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel nodded. He found that his eyes kept slipping to Dean’s mouth, then his cheekbones then back up. Dean was an attractive guy, objectively speaking. “You have a piano,” he stated.
“But I wouldn’t abandon her, if that’s what you’re insinuating,” Dean continued. Castiel instantly wanted to interject and say that he would never think such a thing, that he only asked because he was jealous. He only asked because he wanted Dean for himself. After everything, he admitted to that selfish desire. To own, or perhaps to just be with, to sit besides, to cherish. “I wouldn’t abandon anyone,” Dean said. But, just as the words came out of his mouth, they fell flat, hollow. Like Dean was trying to convince himself of it. “I wouldn’t,” he said again, forcing it out with sincerity.
Charlie came up behind Castiel and butted into the conversation. “Hey, if you need money, I can offer you a job,” she said, breaking the tension.
“But-”
They didn’t move. They just sat on their backs; their shoulders pressed against each other. Dean turned onto his side and tucked his face into Castiel’s neck, where he started pressing wet kisses. Castiel slipped his eyes closed, reached up and held the back of his head, keeping him secure there. Dean trailed up and kissed behind his ear, his nose brushing into his hair.
“Because you’re an angel of a brother,” Jimmy said and stamped a wet kiss on his cheek. Castiel’s face scrunched up in disgust.
Castiel looked at him hands. There, he saw the scar that he got on Fourth of July. Dean had patched it up well, but, to Castiel suspicion, there was still a hairline of light pink. There were tiny punctures where the needle had pushed through.
Castiel just watched the side of his face. He saw how Dean looked like he was holding back, like there was still a curtain that needed to be drawn between them. After a second, like any sign of insecurity was an illusion, Dean perked up again and gave Castiel a crooked smile. They looked at each other for a bit, both unconsciously slowing down.
It was a slow movement, like simply swaying on the ocean. Dean had one hand on the back of the door, and the other tangled in Castiel’s hair. Castiel fitted his hand under Dean’s ass, helping him move.
“Gabe,” Castiel began, squeezing his eyes shut. “What about your family in LA?”
Castiel bent down slightly to be closer to their level. “It’s nice to meet you too.”
“But” Castiel said quietly, looking down at his hands. “I know you’d choose him...if you had the chance.”
Dean clapped a hand down on his shoulder and laughed. “You fucker! You didn’t tell me your brother was a famous comedian?”
“Claire, I know you’ve been having trouble sleeping. Most of the time, I hear you crying in the middle of the night.”
“Yes,” Castiel replied, glancing at Crowley who looked incredibly bored.
“Oh shit,” Charlie downed the rest of her beer then placed it on the table.
“My deal?”
He must have fallen asleep because when he awoke, the apartment outside Claire’s room was awash with bright light, and Claire was propped up on her elbows reading a picture book that Bobby let her borrow.
He sucked in a breath and opened the front door.
“Play it again,” Dean said. It was a suggestion but Castiel felt it more of a demand.
At the bar where he sat last night, there was a young woman with red hair and the man again. He was even more gorgeous now that the lights of the room weren’t dim. He was stripped down to a gray t-shirt, and he looked so much more relaxed and comfortable than he was last night. The two were chatting and cleaning glasses. Castiel forced himself to move forward and approach the bar.
Claire seem to groan from boredom then hopped back on the bed again and sprawled out with her book.
Yes I know this is a destiel fanfic but look at this American history!
Dean shook his head and smiled at that, then held up what was in his hand. Castiel could see now, it was a portable record player. “I figured, since you moved in only a month or so ago, you wouldn’t have one of these babies. So, I brought one of mine and a bunch of records. I got Elvis, The Everly Brothers, Billie Holiday, whatever you like.”
