"Besides, what are you doing getting wrapped up in some chemistry major's issues?" Greg asked curiously.
"Well of course we have to go to Paris." He said a bit quietly. "How else are we to be sure that it's him?"
"Yes, me as well." John agreed in some urgency, for he was trying to lock the door with that great big key all the while he was holding his cell phone to his ear, listening to the damning chorus of beeping. Either Mary wasn't picking up because she was angry with him, or rather she was so preoccupied with Rosie and with dinner that she couldn't hear or manage to pick up the phone.
"Well of course. I know it's a busy time of the year, and we haven't been sleeping much because of Rosie, and with all that running around you do for your job...well you've just been run down. And that exhaustion is catching up to you, that's all." Mary said with a sweet little look of concern. John nodded his head apprehensively, not sure whether he should be thankful or upset that Mary hadn't been able to diagnose his true issue.  That issue which was standing right on the edge of his peripheral vision, in the form of a shadowy figure, a figure which bore every physical resemblance to Sherlock Holmes that it could manage. John looked away, yet it followed anyway. As if it wasn't just a vision, as if it was seared onto his eyeball, as a reminder for him to pay attention to it.
"Ya, I'm sorry Greg, but I really can't put it in words. I don't think you'd understand." John admitted with a shrug, getting to his feet and walking around towards the door. The bell was going to ring any moment, already he could hear the footsteps of the approaching stampede ascending the stairwells. Already he could hear the long stride of Sherlock Holmes, somewhere now, inside of the building. As John was perched at the doorway Greg took that moment to let his curiosity get the better of him, and when John had his back turned he made a lunge for the picture that John had tried so hard to hide. John was too late in stopping him, for the only real cue he had that Greg had acted out was the great exclamation he gave; only after seeing the picture which was tucked safely behind the dusty glass.
"Yup. That time already." John agreed, heaving himself out of the desk with what little strength he had left in his legs. He really was getting tired, and the day hadn't even begun yet! The two professors said they goodbyes and went their separate ways. Greg had to go teach his criminal classes, whereas John was overseeing a lab downstairs. It was tedious, tiring work, and for the whole of it John was staring at the door, almost as if he expecting someone to walk through it. He knew that he was in no position to draw Sherlock to him, for of course the boy was going to be expecting an apology, rather than preparing to deliver one. John understood that he was in no position to be offered any sympathy, he knew that his argument was unprovoked and just plain unacceptable. And yet John wasn't sure just how permanent the damage was, he didn't know if there was ever a chance to come back from such disgrace. And so while he didn't expect Sherlock to come to him, well certainly John didn't have it within him to track the boy down instead! The poor thing, now assuming that he was alone in the world, with this secret that may never be solved. For John knew that there was no unlocking the past of this house without all of the keys, and those keys were hidden deep inside of them both. They needed their full power, together and determined, to figure out the mysteries that were plaguing them. Alone would not be enough. And so John waited a day, with nothing but the sound of footsteps in the hall, that stampede which may or may not have contained Sherlock Holmes. His door remained open, yet no one walked into the office. Day two rolled along, and it was quite the same. Day two brought nothing but a headache...a headache with a nasty vision entangled in it. Perhaps John was offering himself some sort of replacement for Sherlock, that or this vision had been sent from the house for some sort of motivation. He had to wonder if Sherlock had seen it as well, that very dimly lit scene, in which limbs and people were unidentifiable. That entanglement, sat up upon what looked like a green table, just a snippet of love in which there were lips upon a neck, and then eyes raised to face the intruder. John couldn't make out the face for sure, yet he knew who it was. He knew who it could
"Well no, not really." Sherlock murmured, shuffling his feet against the floor in a guilty sort of way.
"Well I mean, I suppose it's not as monumental as it was before." John agreed with a shrug. Sherlock nodded, folding up his napkin daintily and setting it aside his plate.
"Wonderful, thank you." Sherlock said excitedly, getting to his feet and collecting the papers from Mrs. Hudson. John followed, however he was trailing behind so as to swallow that dry cookie and wipe the crumbs from his lips.
"I think...well I think it did surprise me." John managed a bit nervously. Yet now that Sherlock brought it up, John tried to remember the moment when it all came together. He tried and failed to remember the time his brain split in two, trying to comprehend something that he had thought to be impossible. And yet he couldn't remember the revelation, he merely remembered the suggestion that leaked into reality. He merely remembered that moment when he nodded his head along to Sherlock's suggestion, and began to adopt it as gospel.
John! You've got a picture of a student?" Greg exclaimed, his face growing pale but his smile widening all the same. Certainly he was ashamed of John's scandalous behaviors, but all the same he may just be proud of himself for guessing that marriage was such a trap. Oh how he wanted to say "I told you so" after John kept insisting that he was content with his marriage.
"Since I went upstairs. Twenty minutes ago. You've been sitting there for like...twenty minutes, ignoring our child." Mary groaned, scooping the baby out of her little playpen and cradling her in her arms protectively. Rosie kept on crying, yet as Mary rocked her slowly she seemed to calm down, and steadily her wails turned instead into soft cooing.
"Yes of course." John agreed, though after a moment of hesitation. Sherlock nodded, sighing heavily before lying back and staring up at the ceiling now, instead of at his companion.
"Oh no, not an issue at all. It's just that it seems that you're spending a lot of time with this Sherlock fellow, a suspicious amount of time." Mary growled.
"Well I don't know if the previous owner had anticipated us coming back to investigate." John admitted. "There wouldn't be a box here labeled
"You're a father?" Sherlock clarified in some surprise, his gaze softening into something that looked half like pride, and the other half of something along the lines of disappointment.
"It doesn't have to make sense, really. We're the last three humans alive...who's there to judge us?" John offered with a rather pitiful smile. He meant that to be a joke, and in some ways it did have an air of humor to it. For the most part it was rather depressing.
“I see”, Sherlock said. “My second question is to you both and may seem rather strange but I do have a reason for asking it. Has Mr. Thomas Bradstock been shaving any more of late?”
“The second shot”, he said gravely. “If we hurry, we can make the midday train to Kirkcudbright and have lunch there. I would rather not be around Mazarin for the next few days.”
"Well what are we going to do?" Sherlock asked. "I mean, if this was all to prove that the house was just a house, then I think we've been embarrassingly proved wrong."
"The house?" Greg clarified, rolling his hand over his wrist a couple of times in quiet pondering. "Ya, the house, the deed...I mean where do I go from here?" John agreed with a tried glance, wondering just how much maintenance this house was going to need, if it even was his own house at all! There was still some doubt in his mind about the truthfulness behind the deed, as if it was just some practical joke two hundred years in the making.
"Yes, well then I suppose that's a plus." Sherlock nodded a bit quietly. He was thoughtful for a moment, staring out the window to watch as the house faded out of their vision while John started up the driveway.
"Whatever, throw them in the backseat. I'll get that suitcase in the trunk." John decided with a sigh. Reggie reappeared with a laptop case, coupled with a small bag that almost looked like a makeup bag. John sighed heavily, casting the two bags a bit of a bothered look before grabbing the suitcase from the second stair (Sherlock had paused in the middle of dragging it) and lugging it across the sidewalk into the trunk.
"I'm sorry, John, if this is going to be at all disappointing, or at all surprising. But I want nothing more to do with this house." Sherlock whispered quietly. "If there really is something going on here, well it's not my duty, nor yours, to have any part in it. If there's some plot behind all of this, well it can be foiled by simply walking away. Maybe there's a reason this house has been locked up for centuries. And maybe there's a good reason to lock it up for another century to come."
"Oh my God." Mary murmured, nearly falling out of the car as she became encaptured in her amazement and planting her heels in awe in the scattered gravel. "That's our...that's our house! John do you see this!" she yelled, taking her eyes off of the house for just a moment so that she could run and pull John's car door open in eagerness. She tried to usher him out, though John also felt rather paralyzed, and for a moment had preferred the safety of the car.
"No, I'm not joking. Why on earth would I joke about that?" John growled. Sherlock gave a great sigh, yet finally his shoulders relaxed and he fell back onto the couch in a huff.
"Nevertheless, Watson, I was wrong in my youth." Holmes began quietly. "I had assumed that a man such as Victor occurred once in a lifetime, and that so complicated a man as I am would not be blessed with another understanding and compassionate companion. I know now that I was incorrect in that theory. Such a man happens at least twice in a life time. That I know now for sure." And with that he marched off towards his bedroom, snapping the door shut tight and refusing another word the whole evening. It was not until a few moments after his departure that I was able to fully understand the complexity of his final words. It was not after I was much too late to say anything back that I understood he was admitting to finding another desirable companion, and alluding to someone which he might be able to love. Of course it was long after I was sitting in my chair, alone for the rest of the night, that I knew he was talking about me.
"Yes, it would make sense." John agreed with a shutter, holding the door open even wider and allowing Sherlock to move past him, moving slowly and purposefully over the carpet. He was in no hurry, yet he was on his way nevertheless.
"John, do you not hear the baby!" came his wife's whining voice, appearing in the living room with curlers in her hair. It was sometime after nine, and certainly Mary was getting ready for bed when she was interrupted by the constant cry of that loud child.
"Your name's not the only one on here, mate. See that?" Greg pointed to what appeared to be a bit of paint, peeling from underneath the ink that printed John's name. It was almost like some ancient form of white out. "It looks like you were added afterwards. So, maybe someone changed the names on the deed, from your father's name to yours, or whoever originally owned the house."
master, the original owner. The name which had been painted over on the deed, in an attempt to pass off this house and all of its mysteries onto someone else, someone they considered more worthy of the burden.
"Yes, are you?" Sherlock asked. John took a shuttering little breath, taking a sip of wine with an uncomfortable little jump.
"Who knows? Maybe someone brought us back, reincarnations, necromancy, take your pick!" Sherlock insisted with something of a growl, throwing his hands up into the air in exasperation. Once he picked up his head John noticed immediately that he really had been crying, for his eyes were red and watery, and his cheeks were stained with trails of moisture.
"Oh I don't know, that's something for a historian I'm afraid." Mrs. Hudson said with a little frown.
"And I'm sure everyone here is grateful that we have been drinking white wine tonight." Sherlock agreed.
As you might have expected these past couple of months have been quite difficult for me, for work is not too easily come by in England as it had been before. My father's inheritance has left me plentiful, yet I suspect there must be brighter horizons for me out there, and more prosperous futures. It is with great regret that I write to you so delayed, for it must have been a year since my problem here, yet still you have played across my mind many times. It has been many a time when I thought to write, yet something else always comes up which might prevent me from ever getting around to it. Yet I write you now, regretfully in a selfish sense, for it is a request which I ask of you. I have made the decision to move to India, to try my luck at tea planting. I feel it quite beyond my right to ask this of you, dear friend, yet it comes to mind my particular loneliness. I thought of no one better who to accompany me than you, for our past together does bring back particularly fond memories. Perhaps our future too, could be just as pleasant. I know that you must have a life there in London, yet still I do beseech you to consider joining me. We could be quite wealthy, Sherlock, and quite happy as well. I know it was poor of me not to say it since we last parted, but do remember Sherlock that I love you very much. After this year of painful separation, my heart still does remember.
"Oh you're certainly welcome. Your presence there will help Mary forget our tardiness." John assured.
"Couldn't sleep, Watson?" Holmes presumed quietly, his voice coming from the rather shadowed portion of the sitting room, near the hallway which I had crept through previously. My blood ran cold, and for just a moment I felt something of a trapped animal, not unlike those who my friend had caught red handed at the scene of their own crimes. I, just like those fiends, had been faltered by that cold glare and that trying brain, as finally Holmes lit a candle and neared my side. He saw the letter which was clenched in my hand, and although I attempted to duck it out of his view there was no denying that it was the intention of all of my secrecy. Yet in a way, I felt as though there was no need for myself to be the one interrogated, for while it was with some mischief that I had uncovered these facts, they still needed very much explaining on his part. Holmes let out a great sigh, something that would allude to the fact that while my discovery was inconvenient, it was also in a great way inevitable.
"I'll have you know, Professor, that in this life I am a virgin." Sherlock offered quietly. John hesitated, not entirely sure if he wanted to know that or not. Then again, it was a very good defense against the accusations John had been throwing around in their last encounter. John nodded, not entirely sure how to respond to that, feeling his throat suddenly beginning to get very tight. He knew his face was glowing, yet he did not want to bring very much light to that.
The deed to the house came by post to John's work address, though he had never gotten any personal mail through that mailbox before. It arrived in a mysterious parcel, appearing in his mailbox even though he hadn't been expecting anything. John took the envelope back to his office during his lunch break, when all of the kids were off in their respective cafes or restaurants, taking time away from their studies to enjoy a sandwich with their friends. Well, he didn't have anything too fantastic for lunch and so was not missing anything as he took a pair of scissors and cut through the top of the thick paper envelope. It was addressed to him in a very sloppy hand, written in pen as if in a hurry, and there was a stamp printed along the top corner bearing the Town Hall's return address. At first, John thought it might be calling him for jury duty, or perhaps it was a parking ticket he had neglected throughout the years. However, when he opened the package out fell an envelope, and inside was the most peculiar document he had ever seen. It was handwritten on an ancient piece of yellowing paper, so frail it looked almost as if it would fall apart the moment he set his fingers on it. Yet with further examination, he saw it had a strange address printed upon it, of a house most likely, and his name scrawled in very neat calligraphy at the bottom. John studied it for a moment, deciding that if he was reading this correctly, then this was a deed, an inheritance of sorts. This address must now belong to him, through some accidental chain of family heritage. John examined the deed once more; just to be sure that he wasn't misreading anything and tried to determine the age of the document. It looked ancient, truly ancient. Yet there was his name, in the same old ink as the rest of the writing, possibly a grandfather of his then, someone with the same name? John didn't remember any family history behind his name, and so of course this deed couldn't mean him. And so it must have been someone way back in the history of his lineage, someone who had owned a house...John didn't let himself get too excited, of course. Just because there was an address didn't mean it was anything glamorous. Knowing his ancestors it was probably a rundown old tool shed, which they had given a mailbox and an address just for a laugh. John really wasn't proud of his heritage, as he had left his family behind in America to start a new and more distinguished life for himself in England. If his ancient ancestors proved to be anything like his immediate family, well he knew not to expect much from this strange inheritance. Besides, any structure with a deed this old ought to be the same age, if not older. And if this deed was just falling into his hands now, who knows how long the building had been sitting in the elements, unowned, and rotting back into its framework? Nevertheless, John decided he ought to show it off to the only person he knew would tolerate his rantings.His coworker and fellow professor Greg Lestrade had an office just down the hall, as John's office in the biology wing was placed in such juxtaposition with the criminal science wing that it was impossible for the two of them not to befriend each other over the years. Then again, when you walk past someone in the hallway enough times, eventually you have to say hello, followed eventually by a complement of a tie, or a new pair of glasses. And then came the conversation, presumably...Oh, who knows how they got to be acquainted? One day John was the new professor on the block, and the next he had a best friend, right down the hall within yelling distance. Yet today John decided not to yell, as those older professors who have more wrinkles than PHD's usually don't like noise during their lunch hours, especially when it was coming out of John's office. Despite his being here for a year and a half, he was still the newest professor in this hallway, and therefore was automatically the one who got blamed for disturbing the peace. It wasn't usually a fair accusation, considering Greg was almost always the most vocal of the two of them, while John kept his own voice to a reasonable and professional volume. And so, John minded his footsteps as he walked down the old wooden halls of the university, his feet scuffing against the old red carpet that still clung attractively to the wooden floors. And yet, along with the age of the building there also came almost no discretion at all. Whenever someone decided to move about through the hallways there was always that telltale squeak of the ancient floorboards, and that very squeak must have been why Greg knew to swivel his chair around to face the door before John was able to announce himself.
"You don't think my dream saw into the past, did it? You don't think there's any truth to it?" Sherlock asked nervously.
"That's...it was hot." John said stupidly, waving his fingers through the air as if to cool them down, yet all the same he felt no lasting effects at all. In fact, he felt no pain whatsoever, nothing like what would usually come with the aftermath of a burn.
"I feel it's more of a curse, than anything." John admitted with a quick shrug, lunging now for a sugar cookie so as to interrupt this conversation and give himself something else to think about.
"Yet I may read it?" I clarified, unsure if Holmes was giving me a warning or a threat. Quietly he bowed his head, and I took that as my guarantee. Certainly the document troubled me, yet the mere promise of an emotional time in my companion's life was surely enough to spark my interest. Still I could not imagine him having any sort of human feelings, yet he seemed to treat these letters as if they would reveal a softer side of his life, which he had attempted to keep hidden away for all of these years. And so, it was with trembling fingers that I dare read his reply...
"That or it wanted to bring us there. It was depriving us of sleep so that we'd fall asleep inside. Maybe that was its plan all along." Sherlock suggested. John tensed a little bit on the wheel, looking at Sherlock for a split second before concentrating once again on the traffic. Now was the time when all of the cars hit the road, and it was no time for gazing.
"No...no of course not. I would never take a picture like this." He said flatly. John nodded his head a bit awkwardly, for in the end that was sort of a good thing. If Sherlock had admitted to taking a picture like this, such a scandalous thing, well then they might have some more problems than they realized at first.
Wednesday morning came in something of a hassle, considering John had to wake up much earlier than he would've for any other weekday. Sherlock had managed to book the earliest flight he could find, and so it was at four o'clock that John had to roll out of bed and silence his vibrating phone.
"Well, if it really is five o'clock then it seems as though we have slept through our troubles." Sherlock decided with a groan. John shook his head, jumping to pull his jacket on and running about in a small circle to find his bag. "Why do you rush, professor? We haven't anywhere to be anymore."
"Yes, Mr. Holmes. Sorry I was a bit...out of myself." John admitted with a little sigh, getting to his feet and grabbing the coat off of the back of his chair. Sherlock was draped in a long trench coat, with his collar stuck all the way up to his cheeks. He looked very good, very much the definition of tall, dark, and handsome. John wondered if he had a girlfriend or not, someone to appreciate him in such a sense. Someone who would have found that freckle.
"Holmes, what have you got there? What did you save from that wretched place?" I asked. Holmes bit deeper into his pipe, shaking his head and looking towards me very quickly before blinking and looking down towards the carpet once more. He was troubled, which would be a more plausible thing had it not been Sherlock Holmes in question. Tonight I had genuine worry for him.
"You know it could never go back to the way it was." Sherlock whispered, looking just a little bit uncomfortable. Of course the same idea popped into their heads, that accursed letter! That was a rejection, the first of many undoubtedly, a rejection to something that wasn't even an offer!
Startling as the first letter had been, such a response written undoubtedly by Holmes was enough to nearly put a stop to my heart right then and there. Such shock overcame me that the paper would have dropped to the ground, had I not been clutching it so tightly as I read. And so it is true, there was no forgery, there was no trick in play after all? Victor's question and Holmes's response...well undoubtedly there was more complexity to my friend than I had been aware of before!
"Well then I suppose I can live without our cafeteria's lovely selection." Sherlock muttered, nodding his head for obviously he realized he had no choice in the matter. Now that he was properly well rested, he was surely too polite to refuse. John nodded, bringing the phone back to his ear.
"No, no it's not you." John insisted. "It's just my legs, you know. Well after that car ride I'd rather stretch them out."
"Well I suppose you're right." Sherlock agreed apprehensively. "All the same, I can't help but worry that there's some truth in it all. I feel like we can take nothing too lightly, especially when it pertains to that house."
"Which you're actually able to provide her with!" Mary defended, yet all the same once Rosie's crying died down, her anger seemed to fade away as well. She was just tired, John could see it in her heavy eyes, and she didn't have the energy to be mad at her husband right now. "Oh I'm sorry John, I'm just exhausted. I'm not in my right mind." Mary said finally, shaking her head and walking over to sit next to John on the couch. He had the slightest urge to hide his drawing from her, to tuck it away where she couldn't see it, however he was too late. Just as soon as he got the idea that Mary shouldn't see the man's face she made a little noise of confusion, craning her neck to get a better look at the face that was drawn.
Sherlock arrived a little bit late, at three o'clock just as soon as John's office hours began, yet Sherlock was the first one into his room, almost as if he had been waiting outside on the couches, as if he was worried he wouldn't be admitted outside of the usual time.
"And you." John said once more. "Of course it was you. If my soul really did live here before, well then surely there's a part of it that still can't differentiate between the centuries. Surely it's been waiting a long time to see you again."
"I don't want any love confessions, God if you make me remember that night again I'll throw you from the window." John warned furiously. Sherlock just stared at him, feeling almost insulted as he watched the almost terrified boy lingering at the door.
It was hard to concentrate when Rosie was screaming, yet John, as a new parent, was becoming much more accustomed to tuning her out. This wasn't what a parent was supposed to do, of course, for when a baby began to cry there was obviously something that needed attending to. Yet then again, Rosie never seemed to be satisfied! She has one issue one minute, and once that's solved she'll find another one just after he sat down! All she did was cry, and certainly tending to her every need just as soon as she let out her first wail was bad parenting. She should learn that she couldn't get everything she wanted just as soon as she decided it was necessary. That would be some sort of psychological imprinting, right? Something that she could grow up with, and turn her into a rotten, spoiled child. And even so, he was busy. And so she would just have to wait, or else he might start crying to get what he wanted to. It was impossible to get the face of that man out of his head; the one that John had seen sprawled out on the bed. If he was there or not, well every time John blinked he saw his face! And so it was a vision, if not an actual person. Something that was in his head, yet something he was familiar with all the same. Something he had never seen before, yet something his eyes could conjure up at will. And so here he sat, with a pencil in his hand, pressed up against a piece of printer paper as he tried to recreate the face that sat behind his eyelids, the face that wouldn't let him rest. Of course John was not an artist; in fact he may just be the farthest thing from it. All the same, however, he was determined to transcribe this face for someone else to see, to spit it up out of his head in an attempt to make it real. It was maddening to keep such a thing locked up, and to put it onto paper was to at least leave a part of it behind. Little by little, piece by piece, and line by line, John dragged that image of the ghost onto the paper, and finally had a man looking up at him once more. There was something missing, some sort of humanity, that wasn't present in his drawing as it had been in the man himself. There wasn't the shine of the pale skin; there wasn't the twinkle in the eyes. From what John had glanced of the ghost, the man had been lying on the bed in a helpless yet inviting position, he had been lying on his side and showing too much skin than John would have expected. He hadn't glanced down his body; he hadn't had the time before he screeched out his surprise. Yet John could remember just colors, colors that stretched down the length of the man's long body. There had been some black, and yet the predominant color had been the white skin, the skin that had been stretched across his face and therefore in his arms, and his exposed legs as well. And so John could only theorize that he had been wearing very little, if anything at all. And that was a little mystery in itself, why a man would by lying on the bed that John thought had been his own.
Sherlock's unpleasant eldest full brother. After his divorce from Rachael, her marriage to Blaze, and Lady Holmes's accepting of the new arrangement, Mycroft became increasingly embittered. Losing all his money in the Wall Street Crash he naturally blamed his ex-wife and eventually turned up on her doorstep to demand restitution. He got a bit carried away....
In the end John went to his son's wedding and thankfully it was not as bad an ordeal as he had feared. But he still resented having yet not having a son, and there was nothing that even I could do about that.
children. I remember our last year in Baker Street and the 'Marseilles' case when our former landlady had been despairing of ever becoming a great-aunt, but shortly after that her nephew had finally got his finger (or something) out and her niece had been popping out little Rocklands on a regular basis ever since. Naming the first two Charles and Violet had been a smart move for the father which was probably why he was allowed to keep the appendages that had enabled him to have more. The others had been Elizabeth (Mrs. Rockland's late mother), William (Mrs. Malone's ill-starred first husband), Peter (Mr. Rockland's father) and rather bizarrely, Red (Mr. Malone’s friend back in the United States).
"Are you complaining? I feel like you're complaining. Got a nice big house to your name now, and you're whining that it doesn't make any sense. Why don't you just go with it?" Greg suggested insistently, glaring at John as it to forcefully make him enjoy the special little surprises life had in store for them.
"You can go first, John." Sherlock suggested a bit apprehensively, standing over near the stove while John gave him a grin of annoyance yet forged ahead. He unlatched the door and let it swing open, revealing some stone steps leading into a stiff, dank darkness. John hesitated, shining the beam of his heavy flashlight to illuminate the basement before he stepped inside.
"Well then it's an equally stupid truth!" John countered urgently, laughing a little bit as if he was becoming exasperated. While there was just a little bit of truth in his story it was easy to magnify that part onto his face. So long as he concentrated on the headache story he could make himself look completely trustworthy, or at least enough so that Greg would just nod along in his indifference.
"Well we could have dinner here, of course! How funny would that be? Get some take away and light all the candles, drink wine from the glasses and enjoy a fancy night?" Sherlock suggested a bit eagerly.
"Well then, found the attic." John said carefully, looking up apprehensively so as to make sure nothing more was going to fall down in an attempt to kill them.
"Well, maybe your ancestors were English. Just because you're from America doesn't mean you all originated there. I mean, when you think about it, all Americans were English at one point." Greg pointed out with a smart little smirk. John narrowed his eyes at him, not entirely sure if that was a valid argument or not.
"PRIMARY SCHOOL!" Mary corrected in a roar, turning around and giving John's suitcase one last kick of rage. "Go have fun in Paris, you neglecting b*stard!" and with that she ran up the stairs, her bare feet padding along the wood all the way up to Rosie's room, so as to silence her constant crying. John sighed heavily, yet decided that he would rather give Mary the last word than defend a story he was making up along the way. Surely he couldn't purse the subject, especially not when he was already on thin ice. It wouldn't be long until Mary put two and two together, it wouldn't be long until she noticed that look in John's eyes, the look of distaste, hidden now behind a very thin veil of appreciation he was able to salvage from the very bottom of his heart. It was difficult now, to look at her with a smile. And so he dumped the rest of his cereal into the trash and hoisted his suitcase back onto its wheels, double checking that he had packed everything before grabbing his coat and staring a bit mournfully up the stairs. He wanted to say goodbye to Rosie, for the child hadn't yet done anything to wrong him. Yet in the end he decided that she wouldn't know the difference either way, and considering Mary was undoubtedly holding her it wasn't worth the proximity. And so John yelled out his final farewell, loading up his car and starting over in the direction of Sherlock's apartment, or rather where it was supposed to be. Thankfully Sherlock had the forewarning to have left a nice big suitcase on the front porch, for that was the only clue that he lived there, apart from the giant pride flag that was waving in the front window. The house was a little bit run down, as were most apartments around here. The paint was peeling, the roof could use a couple more shingles, and the mailbox was hanging at such an angle that the mail very well fall out as soon as the wind blew the door open. John pulled the car to a stop, turning off the engine and getting out of the car just in time for the front door to open. Sherlock came stumbling out, pulling on his coat and looking quite exasperated. The sun had yet to rise, yet the porch was illuminated with a couple of weak lightbulbs, making the entire house glow orange against the dark, starry dawn.
"Hello?" Mrs. Watson asked apprehensively, looking at Sherlock through the screen door with every sign of shoving the door shut in his face.
it was rhetorical!" Mary protested. "I'm asking you why you're not doing anything to stop it! Rosie's not my sole responsibility you know? This is our shared burden!"
"You're what?" he whispered, although he knew full well what that meant. He knew what that meant not only for Sherlock but for him as well. He knew what kind of fate came along with such a declaration.
"Do you really think so?" John asked apprehensively, for he hadn't told Mary of his abandoning the house. In fact, Mary knew nothing of the house except that John now owned it. She didn't know about Sherlock, or the photograph (which still sat in John's school bag, for he couldn't bear to part with it just yet), or even the idea of immortality. Life continued on in the same way as it always had, for Mary at least. And so how she could know that John was suffering from the mental strain of having left the house behind, well he could only guess.
It wasn't too difficult to find Sherlock, for he had placed himself once more on his favorite couch in the sitting room, opposite of the empty fireplace. John shivered, for there was an obvious chill in the air, yet Sherlock didn't seem to notice as he curled into a little ball.
"Surely there must be more documents on this house? Newspapers, reports? What about the official condemn notice? Or death records, birth certificates...well there has to be something more than this structure!" Sherlock insisted.
"You look busy, John." Greg said with a little laugh, moving into the room and going to shut the door before John made a noise of disproval.
"What am I looking at?" John wondered a bit apprehensively, straining his eyes to see what he assumed was some sort of art blog. It had no actual paintings on it, merely aesthetic pictures of paint brushes with an artist's bio at the top.
"Oh, debt really is crippling in times like this." He grumbled in annoyance, beginning to drape his limbs off of the other end of the couch, seemingly with the intention of getting back to his feet.
It was probably one of the fanciest evenings John had ever spent, even if the food presented on such fancy plates was the world's greasiest takeout pizza. The chandelier was lit (or rather the light bulbs were turned on, they couldn't reach all the way up to get the candles) and the china was passed around. Their bubbly soda was served in crystalline glasses, as tall as John's eye level, and there was a candelabra burning right next to the pizza box and breadsticks. It really was a luxurious evening, made even more pleasant by John's equally luxurious company. The only downside of Sherlock's presence was of course his preferred topic of conversation, for as wonderful as this moment was, he didn't seem to want to stay in it long. Sherlock preferred leaning over the table on his elbows, staring at the flickering candles and getting lost in the thought.
"While completely ignoring what you just said, what do you think I should do with it?" John asked with a little frown.
"What's Professor Lestrade going on about, a photograph?" Sherlock asked with something of an apprehensive little chuckle. He seemed rather perplexed, yet still interested enough to have that little inquisitive look in his eyes. John took a heavy breath, shaking his head so as to let Sherlock know he really didn't know how to phrase this.
"And so that's why you're all entangled with this guy, isn't it? You're on the hunt, solving your little mystery?" Greg presumed with a little grin. John sighed heavily, leaning forward on his desk and shaking his head sadly. He wasn't entirely sure what he was doing with Sherlock, at least not anymore. What a straight forward answer he would've had prepared for Greg in any other circumstances. Yet now if he was to say yes he might be overstepping his boundaries, and if he said no he may just sound painfully pessimistic. He didn't know what he was doing with Sherlock anymore, if anything at all! and so in the end it was just easier to shrug his shoulders.
"Nothing, oh it's just...taxes. That's all." John said forcefully, folding the letter hastily along those age old creases and starting now to tuck the thing back inside of its envelope. God he wished there was some sort of fire, something where he might be able to burn this horrid thing!
"Oh no, no don't be so rude! The poor thing is probably starving! Have him over for dinner, as an apology for making him run around in all of this horrible rain." Mary insisted. John sighed heavily, tapping his fingers against the steering wheel and hesitating to turn the car on just yet. The rain was coming down hard, thankfully providing just enough background noise so that Sherlock couldn't hear Mary's voice on the other end of the line.
The news the day before had been good. My niece Mary had had her third child, and as it was a son she was naming it John. A most excellent choice!
“My mother is Mrs. West, formerly Miss Vittoria Vincenzo”, he explained, “whom you assisted when she worked for the circus as a belle.”
“It is good to see that you are not still jealous of our Cornish friend”, Sherlock smiled once we had left.
“You say your friend here can solve most things, sir”, Mr. Bassett-Evans said, looking at me a shade uncertainly (I had the unfortunate thought that if he ever found out about the link between us and was annoyed about it, he could likely have buried my body without breaking a sweat). “Hope so. Don't think the team can go on much longer the way things are.”
Just days later I may or may not have become a great-grandfather, possibly or possibly not again. My grandson Trelawney's sluttish wife gave birth to a son whom they called James, but my friend Ginger's research showed it to be almost certain that the boy was not his. I monitored the situation from afar and fretted.
“My brother will not be bullied by such behaviour”, the prince said firmly, “and has instructed me to inform all nations that we shall do whatever it takes to maintain our independence.”
“You promised”, he scowled. “When I told you that your brother and cousin had had those strains after a game with Danny and Benji that had gone ever so slightly awry, you said that you would not make fun of them.”
Throughout that year there was one date that loomed particularly large in my mind, namely September the twenty-third. My son Ivan's birthday, and this year would be his twenty-first when his mother had promised to reveal his true parentage to him whatever her husband said. I had been both dreading and looking forward to it, although of course a large part of me was wondering just what was going to go wrong this time to wreck everything.
As I staggered out to the cab I wondered if I might sneak some cushions into my doctor's bag for that night's performance!
At least that autumn brought an end to the Balkan War, although it would prove to be a temporary one. Tensions across the Continent were rising, and it would only take one idiot with an itchy trigger-finger to set things off. This was one time when fearing the worst looked to be the safest of bets.
“They were hired hands”, he said. “We want the person who paid them; the organ-grinder rather than the monkeys. If Mr. Cowper confirms what the station-master told us about him then we will be one step closer to securing them!”
The fellow looked understandably nervous but after exchanging a few words with his employee he guided us out to a small office in the back. Once we were all seated Sherlock began.
We dispatched the promised telegram to Miss Kelley then took the train back to London. It seemed odd to think that almost exactly thirty years back a fresh-faced young English doctor had been heading in the opposite direction along these same tracks, little knowing either that he was about to meet the love of his life or that it would take full twenty of those thirty years for him to get his head out of his fundament and realize.....
All right, maybe one eyebrow. And her knowing look was uncomfortable if well-merited. I think that she just about suppressed what sounded like the start of a snigger. That cough sounded suspicious, though!
It was three years since the start of the Great War yet here we were, over a thousand days and far too many broken young bodies later, and it was pretty much a stalemate. Britannia continued to rule the waves and Imperial Germany’s use of unrestricted submarine warfare in an attempt to stop that had finally brought the United States into the war on our side. But more than balancing that out was the loss of our allies the Russians, whose constitutional sufferings (partly facilitated by the vile Hun) had allowed that bastard Kaiser Bill to transfer more and more troops to his southern and western fronts. Stalemate but something had to give soon, either the increasingly beleaguered Allied trench lines which would not receive American reinforcements for some time, or the tottering German economy.
“That'd be our Mr. Thomas”, the fellow said without hesitation. “Mr. Heston trained him to start with but then he went off to Dumfries and enrolled in some fancy school there for a few months. He could probably shoot the weathercock off the church all the way from the Hall if he was so inclined.”
her guests – not a good idea for anyone in her business, for obvious reasons – but..... let us be frank and say that the peace and quiet is so wonderful! She also knows that her formerly loud guest will be gone in a few weeks anyway. Doubtless she ensures that only the woman in question receives the new mushrooms most of the time, with one or two going to the other guests occasionally.”
I had not thought to ask Lowen for a physical description of his nephew, but as it turned out I had not needed to. A quarter of a century since John and I had walked along another Cornish harbour in rather less pleasant circumstances (Hugh Town; The Adventure of the Repellent Philanthropist), and young Mr. Penmarrick was the image of his uncle from back then. A wiry fellow whose hair was almost as blond-white as his relative's, he greeted us affably and thanked me for bringing him the letter. He also leered at me just like Lowen had done all those years ago, again to the clear annoyance of someone in the vicinity who seemed to have developed a sudden cough.
of them – will be the talk of London tomorrow. I do not doubt that a true gentleman like Lord Trelawney will make some sort of financial settlement on you little though you deserve any such, but that is totally of his own choosing. Sign, please.”
Ye Gods, how did he come out with things like that? I was still recovering when he smiled, stood up and came over to sit on the floor next to me, gently leaning against my leg. And dammit if that didn't have The Brennster waking up to say hullo, tight shorts or no tight shorts!
1920. Someone of the next generation helped by Sherlock and John gives thanks, and does not roll his eyes at how terrible some people can be at times (he does not roll his eyes that much).
Not long after this it was my son Ivan who alerted us to a further problem in the capital which, rather tiresomely, necessitated a trip there for us both. I also knew that Sherlock had been in communication with Mr. Tudor at Swordland's over some matter so something was definitely up. Although I really wished that he would stop with the knowing looks.
The huge doors creaked open as Bill and Ben suddenly materialized next to the cringing men, each grabbing one and dragging them away. Brilliant!
“It was injected by syringe”, Sherlock explained. “Which brings me to the less pleasant part of my visit. I am sorry to say that a few nights ago while you were all sleeping I employed the professional burglary services of one of the top men in his profession in London. He or rather his superior owed me a favour, and I cashed it in.”
“I still do not know how you can do that”, Mrs. Malone sighed, pouring him another one. “About a month back Miss Michaela Wolferton took a room next door. She is working at some archaeological dig up in Hailsham, Lord alone knows what for.”
“Sadly no”, my nephew said. “The venture was funded by a rich fellow called Mr. Daniel Baddesley whose sons are the miscreants in question. The young men have set up a rota for manning the place in an attempt to ruin my business, and in that they are slowly but surely succeeding.”
“I am sure that I can cobble together some sort of explanation as to her son's 'great wealth'”, Sherlock smiled. “It would not be the first time that I have spared a mother's blushes at a son's unusual career choice; indeed the gentleman whom I helped in that case was helpful to me in more than one subsequent investigation. We shall allow ourselves the pleasure of seeing the man himself and then this 'case' will be closed.”
Of course my bastard of a lover insisted that I go on one of the new vehicles before we returned to the blessed safety and sanctity of the cottage. It was a horrendous experience that I never wished to repeat again, although he soothed my ruffled feathers with a private compartment all the way back to Sussex and a 'ride' that left me having to sit down at Berwick Station for some time before I could make the great trek out to the cab in the station-yard.
The following morning our two bags stood ready by the door. While we waited for the cab to arrive we both looked around the rooms that we would probably never see again. Despite the love I felt for the cottage on the downs, I still felt sad at leaving the scene of so many of our adventures.
After I had made my feelings clear about how annoyed I was to be called a diva (a point I made twice despite being my morning wake-up calls), Sherlock apologized. He did warn me however that he might have to slip away during the performance tonight but that I should watch the stage and tell him later what I thought of 'my performance'. However when he saw how cross I was he dragged me into a small dressing-room and more than made it up to me.
“He usually has lemon juice”, she said, “which I suppose is quite sharp and would hide the taste of anything.”
“I did”, she said. “Elizabeth was terrified when I suggested it but I believe in doing things, not daydreaming about them. Deeds not words, as they say in the newspaper. He told me that the man had been a fellow lieutenant who had died of an illness two months ago, not long after the picture was taken.”
It was damnably unfair of Isa to have not only laid all my clothes out, but to have also included instructions 'in case I got lost' on the way here. After all these years of marriage to her I was not
Mercifully he was searching the small cupboard in which we kept the dirty washing basket so he did not see my face turning bright red. I had made it through the week partly by taking that jumper and sleeping with it, the lingering scent of Sherlock keeping me going when I could not have the man himself. In my excitement at his return I had forgotten to add it to the rest of today's dirty laundry. It was still folded away neatly under our bed, doubtless full of my own scent as well as his. I might as well have placed a signed confession of my idiocy on top of it.
I clung to Benji's muscular body, thankful that his strong arms held me in place as I was impaled on the Banjax. Seriously, this was my life?
“You think that that maverick Mr. Winston Churchill is right about this fellow Hitler?” I asked. “How can you trust someone with his record?”
John brightly smiles up at his love as he says, “Good! Now that that’s settled… Shall I call Lestrade?”
In 1895, Dr. Sweeny, after years of asking the same question and conducting thousands of tests, produced a machine that could successfully extract emotions. It was a primitive device, though. This machine was designed to safely extract all emotions after one use. It caused many people to die after the extraction took place. After much deliberation from concerned members of the community, this device was named unsafe and inhumane.
There, just at the other end of the pool entrance, sits a bound Sherlock, figure slumped, and unconscious. He scans the top landing for would be attacks, never once dropping his stance or loosening his grip on his gun, but rushes forward to check on his beloved when he discovers that no one is around to hurt either of them for the time being. When he finally reaches the other man, John begins checking his pulse, breathing, and if he has a possible concussion. There was no clear indicators of blood or trauma.  Everything checked out alright, Sherlock just appeared to be sleeping. He wants to sink into the floor in his relief, but refrains as begins to untie Sherlock’s bound hands. When that is accomplished, he begins trying to wake the Consulting Detective up. Sherlock stirs, begins to say John’s name, but, otherwise, does not awaken further.
“I know how lucky I am. You, who are good and kind and honorable, chose me! Now that I have the prospect of the rest of our lives with you, John, I hope I can show you how much I love you and how much I am grateful for you.” He raises his glass to propose one final toast but this is where John stands and grabs his arm. Sherlock, finally turning to see his mate, quickly becomes panicked when he sees the tears in John’s eye. Sherlock frantically inquires, “Not good? I tried really hard to say the right things. Did I do it wrong? I’m so so—.” John silences his flustered soulmate with a deep kiss, “You’re an idiot. You are brilliant and wonderful. I am so happy that you are mine. I love you very much.”
John turns away from the speechless oppressors and turns toward his beloved detective before going up on tiptoes to kiss his cheek, "Come on love, let's head home." John then tugs gently at Sherlock's arm until he gets the idea and they exit the crime scene together. They both enter the cab but Sherlock has still yet to have spoken a single word. When they arrive at 221B Sherlock exits first then he followed closely by John after he has paid the cabbie.
But John wanted the to clear up any uncharted waters. He was tired of analyzing every word Sherlock said for some unspoken meaning. He was determined to put everything out on the table and either try to move on or see where this could take them. This is it.
The blogger blinks up at the detective for a moment before standing, knocking Sherlock off balance, and saying, "I think I'll sleep in my own room tonight." Sherlock stands too, stretching before saying, "I'll come with you. I've not slept in… three days? That sounds right... After about 30 hours pass, the time spent awake becomes a bit hazy." John had taken a few steps before rounding on the detective that was following closely behind him before furiously proclaiming, "You sleep in your
haunting his dreams. Instead of heading up the stairs to his room, John goes into the kitchen to make tea. He retrieves two cups, mostly out of habit, and places them on the counter. He retrieves the kettle and tea bags from their hiding place and puts the kettle on to boil.
Also, you may have noticed I changed something that does not happen during the show. That's not really important, honestly. I changed it because I believe that Mary would have shot Magnessum if Sherlock had not shown up before hand, so I just followed through.
When the besotted blogger finishes, he leans up to press a sweet kiss against the detective’s plush lips. The amateur sleuth returns the kiss and after a moment gently whispers against his doctor’s mouth, “I love you too, John.”
Warnings: Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), beta'd now, I'm not British, Bullying, Mentions of drug abuse, AU
This was basically me working out some of my personal demons. On a related note, if you ever feel like Sherlock, please talk to someone. Always keep fighting, everyone. You are important. I love you all.
) say it. Both parties are equally tired but the adrenaline keeps them awake. John has a feeling that if he could go to sleep, he wouldn't be able to, due to images of '
Mycroft's carefully concealed features slowly collapse in a moment of sentiment and he answers in a soft voice like he did once before, "Caring isn't an advantage and I believed that I hadn't wanted my soulmate but I'm happy to be proven wrong. I didn't think Gregory would accept either. I know that I'm not a pleasant man to be around but Gregory loves me still." Mycroft pauses briefly to flash a small smile at his brother before continuing, "Sherlock, you have finally found your threadmate. John hasn't left your side. Even when he presumed you dead, he never stopped grieving. He won't leave you now. He will accept. " The younger man slowly smiles and envelopes his older brother in an uncharacteristic hug. Which leaves Mycroft gaping, unsure of where to place his hands, and stunned into silence. When Sherlock finally does withdrawal, he straightens to his full height and pronounces slowly and clearly, "We will never speak of this again."
John places his hands on Sherlock's waist and draws his soulmate into a passionate kiss. Teeth nip at lips and tongues map out the contours of each others mouths. Hands begin to roam and each lingering press draws the two lovers closer together. The detective soon finds himself straddling John's strong thighs and gazing into a pair of dilated pupils. The embarrassed man from before seems to be long gone as he presses nipping kisses against John's neck.
It was all very logical. It had to do with the amniotic fluid escaping into Marideth’s body which then caused all of her organs to begin failing. The doctor told of Marideth’s brave sacrifice. She gave her own life to bring her son into the world. Everything made sense. Geoffrey could follow and understand everything the doctors were saying. This, however, did not stop the all-encompassing sense of grief and rage he felt at his wife’s premature death. What was he to do now? His wife is gone. He now has to raise two children on his own.
He tries to take a subtle approach, but it seems to go over the genius’s head. Was Sherlock being deliberately dense, or did he want to hear the words come out of John’s mouth? Maybe John should just spell it out, “Look, Sherlock, this is the biggest and most important day of my life,” When Sherlock begins to interrupt, John cuts him off with, “No, it is! It is, and I want the
The detective looks his soulmate with unmasked adoration and love as he replies, “Yes, I’ll see you tomorrow.” They share one last kiss and separate. Sherlock squares his shoulders and walks back with John to the living room. Mycroft looks up and says, “Are you ready to go?” Sherlock tersely nods, turns to John, places a sweet kiss against his cheek, and then he is gone. Lestrade smiles at John apologetically, “I’m sorry, John. You know how the Holmeses can be.” John laughs, “Eh, that I do, and no worries. We can make it one night.”
As dawn breaks, a warrant for Geoffrey Watson’s arrest is issued immediately, and his children are being escorted to a relative’s house to stay until they can find a more stable home. As expected, the police found Mr. Watson at a local bar drinking his money and life away. Mr. Watson was found guilty a year later and he is expected to serve up to ten years with the possibility of parole after five. Eventually, they managed to secure a permanent home with their mother’s sister, and were quite happy for four years. The siblings eventually set out to seek their own fortune, bid each other luck, and part ways joyfully.
As he travels back to Baker Street, heartbroken and beaten, his mind quickly turns dark and violent. Words he had tried desperately to delete without success spring forward demanding his attention. ‘
’ That makes much more sense. Alcohol makes a fool out of many. Sherlock can’t be held accountable for the things he says. He’s a lightweight. Sherlock probably just means it in some platonic, flatmate way. Right?
When Sherlock sits back down, he quickly grabs a pillow and places it over his groin. When he has settled, John then proceeds to calm his flustered soul mate, "It's alright, love. It's a natural reaction. I'm glad I can make you feel good. Would you like some help with that? We would have to be careful. You haven't healed fully yet." The detective's face darkens into a deeper shade of red that seeps down his long neck and onto his chest. The army doctor gets a little distracted and is only draw out of blatant staring by Sherlock's stuttering reply of, "I-I don't know what to do John. I've never done this before and I'm not sure I'm ready to-to..."
At that, the ebony genius snaps his full, undivided attention to his soulmate, “How can you say that?” John takes cautious steps forward until he is standing right in front of Sherlock. “Because I am an idiot. You have given me your heart to look after and I have failed you time and time again. I didn’t realize what he had done to you. I didn’t know that he had made you feel that way and for that, I am so sorry. I truly do love you. You are my entire world. I never want to lose you.”
They finally settle into their relationship and John confronts Sherlock about the scars on his back.
Sherlock goes to take a step forward, arm outstretched to pacify the woman in front of him, but as soon as his foot is lifted from the ground, Mary fires—Sherlock in the chest.
Before Sherlock can fully answer John's inquiries, another ping comes from the offending phone. Sherlock thanks any deity out there as he silently stands to retrieve his phone from the coffee table. He can hear John sigh but he isn't sure if it's from exasperation or acceptance.
The food is brought out and quickly devoured. Lestrade finds himself in front full of people to deliver his speech. Greg takes a deep breath and begins: “First of all, I want to congratulate Sherlock and John on their new marriage. We all knew, before your Red Threads appeared, that something was there between the two of you. Sherlock has always been a great man. The smartest guy in any room, the man with all the answers when no answer could be found, but with John Watson, he became more. They thrive together. They work flawlessly together. Sherlock fixed John, and John fixed Sherlock. They complete each other in a way that no one else could.”
The short version of this is that I am Moriarty. I tortured him in Siberia and sent him back home to you to be tortured to find us happily in love and moved on,” she says this in a high pitched, mocking voice and she gestures with the needle before placing it back at the crook of the detective’s elbow.
' When the next text is received, John's cab has pulled up to the hospital's entrance. He quickly pays the fare and exits the vehicle.
Maybe that is why John soon finds himself inside Baker Street, months later, about to ask Sherlock the big question. Today is the big day! Today he is going to ask Sherlock to be his best man.
Sherlock magically produces a cab out of thin air to take them back to Baker Street. During their cab ride back, John retrieves a small wrapped gift out of his pocket and silently gives it to his soulmate. Sherlock takes the little box and turns it over in his hands, but before he can deduce what is inside, John smiles enduringly at his mate and tells him to: “Just open it already!” Inside the decorative paper, the amateur detective finds a box of his favorite microscope slides.
, he had the proof right in front of him. Sherlock readily and quickly agreed to help with everything. Obviously it was all one sided
case. Said dull case, that was originally thought to be a five, quickly turned into a seven which included a high speed, thrilling chase through the back alleyways in London. Their suspect was only ahead by a few feet and Sherlock was right on his tail. When he made a quick and abrupt turn around a corner, Sherlock trailed behind incautiously which resulted in an unconscious consulting detective and a furious army doctor.
I wanted them to talk about the scars. As far as I know season four didn't give us a lot of things INCLUDING the scars. We know he's disfigured. WE KNOW. But they didn't talk about it, so I did. I was tired of that. That's part of the reason why this is not season four compliant. The only thing good we received was The Hug. That's it. Everything else was just painful and I was so sorry for my child (Sherlock, if you didn't know). I'm still upset about it. So anyway, that's why it's not season four compliant. I had several ideas about what season four was going to be like AND IT WAS NONE OF THOSE THINGS. I'm moving on before this get's any longer. Goodness...
"You need to tell your parents, John. You need to tell them to get you tested. Maybe they won't make the connection, maybe they won't even ask." Sherlock recommended.
"It's all yours, dear. There's not another John Watson who lives close, in fact there's hardly another John Watson in England. Not one that I could find, at least. That name must be yours." Mrs. Hudson assured, stepping up onto the porch and waving for the two of them to come closer. The pair had stopped in the driveway, clinging to each other yet doing nothing more than staring up at the house from afar. For whatever reason, John didn't want to go just yet. For whatever reason he knew that the first step he took onto that porch, the first time his foot hit those wooden stairs, he could never leave. Yes, he might be able to walk away and drive home with his wife, though he felt as if a part of him would be inside those walls forever. For whatever reason John wanted nothing but to run, to run as fast as he could away from the house where it stretched up in the tree tops. There was a feeling deep within him, something he knew to be fear. He knew that things happened there, and that things would happen again. He felt it in his bones...that anxiousness. That breath that was being held in the house's walls, containing its excitement as its prey approached the door...yet he had no choice, did he? Surely, they would think him a coward if he didn't want to go closer, both his wife and Mrs. Hudson would laugh. Despite the feelings he had in his heart, well this really was just a house, wasn't it? Though after a moment's thought John simply looked up, shaking his head in apprehension, almost laughing at himself for being so foolish. It wasn't just a house. It was never just a house.
"It's nothing, very much nothing." Holmes assured quickly, yet his voice was quiet, as if he was still trying to summon words beyond what might be a threatening choke of a sob.
"Mrs. Watson, I'm sorry for my rudeness." Sherlock said finally, standing up straight once more and pulling his jacket tightly across his chest. "But really I must be going."
"For whom, the old owners?" Mrs. Hudson wondered, spinning slightly in her swivel chair behind all of the snow globes that had been laden on the desk before her.
"I'm not one to take insult very lightly." Sherlock reminded him. John sighed heavily, nodding his head all the while he took to tapping a pen rather anxiously against his leg. He hardly wanted to relive the argument long enough to defend it. The words that had flown from his mouth, well they were sickening! They were words he would never care to use in his normal life, especially to a man who he respected so highly!
"Oh nothing, it's just that usually when there's conferences abroad, people take their spouses. Make a vacation out of it. And Paris, the city of love...I thought you might have considered that." Mary murmured.
For the first two days it was just madness, and for the first two nights it was only nightmares. John didn't know what was assailing him, if it was the house itself or merely his conscience coming back to get him. Yes, he felt bad for leaving the house in such a way, yet he still felt as though there was something more at play, something much eviler. He was seeing the house now in everything that he did, he was feeling the house now...in everything he touched. Every side glance he could swear he saw Sherlock's smiling face, and in every footstep he could hear those aged wooden floors creaking underneath him. And yet he stayed away. He stayed away from the house, from its walls, and from its deceits. He wanted nothing to do with its past, nor its present, nor its future. He wanted just to stay in his own life, with his wife and daughter, and focus on things that were real, things that made sense! He had no time for magic, and for games, and he most certainly did not intend to be the plaything of an ancient structure. And so John waited for the madness to pass, and he waited for the nightmares to fade. He waited until he dreams were not plagued with the house, the house burning, and crumbling, taking all of its memories with it. He waited until his head could return to normal, and pain didn't pound against his temples, until his stomach stopped twisting, and strength returned to his legs. It wasn't easy work, sitting out the house's despair. It was something of withdrawal, something of a physical illness from having left something behind. But just like alcohol, and just like any other drug on the market, this house was dangerous. This house was worse for you overtime than its withdrawal ever could be, and so in John's stubbornness, he persisted. Perhaps he didn't know what else to do, perhaps he didn't think he had any other option but to show the house who was in control of his own life.
"Oh I'm not sure; I can't speak for the inside. But the outside...well with a little bit of paint I suppose it can become as good as new! I'm surprised, actually, that the roof hasn't caved yet. You'd think a house like that, abandoned for so many years, would show more signs of weathering. Then again, it's always been said to be an old, powerful thing. I told you about the ghost stories, yes?" Mrs. Hudson clarified excitedly, as if she really wanted to share her local knowledge. However, despite her enthusiasm, her audience had suddenly become distracted.
"Sherlock, you don't think you could reach that, do you?" John muttered with a little frown. Sherlock's smile turned into a teasing little grin, for obviously he thought it was rather adorable that John needed his help.
"Nothing here links this to me." he said again, in some sort of denial. John nodded, going through desk some more and unearthing some sort of old envelope, something with an undeniable scribble on the front. He hummed in excitement, looking up towards Sherlock and flashing the envelope proudly.
to be in that man's fingers. As if it had some purpose there. And so John refrained, and he watched as Sherlock looked down upon the key with a very soft expression, as he felt the meaning as well. As if that cold, iron key was warming him from the inside.
"Yes." Sherlock admitted quietly. "But I simply mean to defend my original point; I'm not quite sure what purpose that house served. But I know it was no host for anyone with the capabilities of producing a family. I could hardly imagine there was a single woman who ever stepped foot inside, save for the maids."
"Gentle, Greg, gentle. That thing's ancient." John warned. Greg sighed heavily, yet as per John's instructions, he moved carefully, and picked up the deed with uncharacteristically delicate fingers.
"Well yes, we get two carry ons, don't we? I need my laptop, and my um, my bag of personal possessions." Sherlock muttered a bit hesitantly. John squinted a bit suspiciously, wondering what could possibly be counted as personal possessions, however he decided to just leave it be. Sherlock could have his secrets.
"You're not actually suggesting that we go to Paris?" John exclaimed, falling back into his chair with his mouth hanging askew in surprise. Sherlock looked a bit taken aback, as if he couldn't understand what he had said wrong.
"Do you have a better suggestion?" John wondered. Sherlock shook his head, for obviously he couldn't come up with something any better.
"It's fine now." John assured quietly. "It's just a dream." How he wished that he could have heeded his own words, and ignored his dreams like Mary had. How he wished that all of this could just subside, and slide into his past like a forgotten puzzle, left unfinished on the coffee table while papers piled up on top of it. Yet it would seem that it was not so easy to leave the house behind, and in John's efforts to prove the house was nothing but a structure, he found that he had never been more wrong about anything in his life. He took such a short hiatus, and yet with every passing day the house's anger grew stronger, and it collected its power to bring its people together once more. It didn't like to be alone. And so that night, just as soon as their eyes settled in for sleep, the house screamed. It screamed like an echoing banshee, in their heads so loudly that they sat up with a shriek of the own, clutching onto their heads in an effort to silence the noise. And yet it was everlasting, it was pounding against their temples, their skulls, their eardrums...the scream that left three heads ringing indefinitely, until one of them finally gave the house the attention it wanted so dearly.
"It's fine!" John announced, looking now to the ceiling so as to make sure there weren't any bats hanging around. Thankfully he seemed to be the only living thing, up until Sherlock ascended to join him.
"We're going to try." John agreed. "We can look him up later, I'm sure if he now lives half as extravagantly as he did before it'll be simply to find him."
"Not excited, per say. Just hopeful maybe, that I've been right to wait all this time to find the right person. Perhaps I knew there was someone, written into my destiny." Sherlock admitted with something of a quiet smile. John sighed heavily, yet forced himself to look a little bit appreciative as well.
"Cold?" John presumed, backing out and heading down the ever familiar route to the house. Sherlock sighed heavily, finally leaning back in his chair and pouting a little bit tiredly.
John sat at his desk in something of a state of urgency. It was still somewhere inside of two o'clock, yet at what end of the hour he did not know. It took a lot of effort to strain his eyes up to the clock on the wall, and follow the hands of the clock. Besides, he found himself in a sort of dream world. Occasionally a student would stop in and ask him a question or two, whether that be on their homework, or returned tests, or just to pop in to say hello. John looked normal, he knew that he came across as such. He knew that he smiled, and chatted, and lived up to his academic expectations. He talked of bacteria with one student, and mammals with another. He told them about his weekend, and he corrected their mistakes with a blue pen. Yet he wasn't...he wasn't there. If that made any sense, no, he wasn't present. His shell of a body smiled and talked and corrected, yet his soul was still wandering. His soul was still creeping along the halls of the house, puffing out cigarette smoke and watching as Sherlock Holmes ascended the stairs in his black robe. His soul was still standing and staring, and knowing that he should follow.
"Yes but it's me. I can prove it, I....well do you see there? That freckle there, on his shoulder?" Sherlock asked, pointing now to the merest little spot upon the photograph's shoulder. How Sherlock had seen it was beyond John, well he had stared down that picture pretty hard, and he hadn't seen anything but pure, unblemished skin. Yet just as soon as John went to point that out, Sherlock already had his tie pulled from his neck, and one of his buttons undone on his shirt.
John woke before the dream could end, his eyes flew open before that man's robe fell, and the darkness replaced the light of those lamps, back when the house had been alive. John shuttered, feeling that there was a cold sweat accumulating on his brow, yet he couldn't do anything to stop it. He didn't want it to stop, more accurately. He wanted to fall asleep and return to that dream, yet he knew that to be impossible. He knew that he couldn't relive it; he knew that he couldn't be there anymore. Things were different; he knew that for a fact. Things were not as they were, back when he was allowed to step closer. Now the house was playing tricks on him, and making him step back instead.
"Quite so, Sherlock. Destinies are a funny thing, after all." John agreed. Sherlock nodded his head, looking down at his own drawing with something of an admiration in his eyes. John felt something of a pain in his chest, when he realized almost immediately that he had never noticed that same gaze aimed at him.
"I think I...I think I need to go to the hospital." John muttered. Sherlock heard Mrs. Watson gasp, for she could probably connect the dots from there.
"John, I'm sorry, but I need to talk to you. Urgently." Sherlock muttered, feeling his cheeks heat up without his permission, for even though their lives hung on the line John's beauty still made him a bit flustered. It was hard not to look at that boy and think about how he could get back into that car, get back into that backseat...
"John, check this out!" Sherlock said excitedly, walking in a great stride and placing a laptop on John's desk, right on top of the papers he had set himself to grading. John smiled at him, wishing that he had been offered something more of an introduction. However he focused now on the laptop, deciding that if Sherlock deemed it unnecessary to exchange introductions than it was best not to argue.
John found, to his surprise, that he didn't have to make his excuses to anyone. None of his superiors seemed to notice his absence, and so there was no retaliation on that end of the spectrum. His office was quiet, and when he unlocked it he found that everything was left in order, just the way he liked it. Yet it pained him, to some extent, to leave the door open and know that he was unlikely to get a visit. He knew that it was unlikely that Sherlock would stop by, for all the while the boy seemed like a forgiving person he still seemed like someone who would know when they were properly wronged. And John knew that to, he knew when his words had cut too deep. He knew when he had crossed the line. The first visitor was Greg Lestrade, and of course he seemed just as disappointed as he was entitled to be. Certainly he had been missing his friend the day before, and since John hadn't made any excuses to anyone, he had evidently been left wondering what he had done to deserve such treatment.
"That's called narcissism, Sherlock, nothing extraordinary there." John warned with a little chuckle.
"It only gets worse." John promised, zipping up his jacket and grabbing the picture from his desk. He shoved it into his bag and shouldered it, grabbing finally his empty coffee mug before starting towards the door with Sherlock at his heels. Together they walked down into the parking lot, an awkwardly public place to be seen with a student getting into his car. All the same, Sherlock was a graduate student, and so there were different social norms involved. For all these spectators could know, they were simply off to do some research together. Well they were researching, just not researching anything within the range of biology, or any sort of natural science. Instead they were looking into themselves, they were studying the walls of the house, they were studying the very essence which made them whole...the things which connected them. And so no, it was not anything akin to kidnapping, or close to a social visit. They were here to investigate, they were here to discover. Sherlock sat rather awkwardly in John's car, for it was a small little thing not made for giants like him. The passenger seat was always Mary's throne, and so it was adjusted as such. Sherlock was much too polite to move it back, and so as he sat he was hunched over, with his knees coming up almost to his chest.
"Well it's true, ya? It's true! You saw that photograph, well as I. Who knows who was behind the camera, who knows who was watching? Who knows just how many men held that picture in their hands and filled their pockets with coins so as to have the
“Our brave young men are going to be marching off to war, soon”, I said sadly. “Some will never come back and others will return less than whole. The Continent will never be at peace until Germany is defeated.”
“I suppose you too think that my dear Mrs. Bollinger is a charlatan, too”, he said with a smirk. “Well Mr. Sherlock Holmes, what would you say if I told you that she was here this morning and told me you were coming?”
“Can your father-in-law will it to any other family member?” Sherlock asked. Lady Bradstock shook her head.
“He told me that someone had changed the roster for the rest of the month”, he said, wincing as he lifted his coffee to his lips. “That normally happens only when one of the pilots request it, he said, and he was worried that that German fellow had been moved to the twenty-fifth.”
And come I did, even before he was inside me and so hard that my eyes watered. He paused in his attentions and grinned at me from between my legs. Then to my annoyance he slid the vibrator back in and began to move up my chest, licking away my come as he did so. I groaned in anticipation and he gently bit one of my nipples, making me hard again in short order. He chuckled.
“Are we to assume that the new Derby vehicle 'just happens' to bear a striking resemblance to the plans drawn up miles away in Wellingborough?” Sherlock asked dryly.
“Blaze also called in on me and my Italian stallions”, he said. “He said that he had run into Doctor Watson and that he looked very miserable. Has something happened?”
And I'd made five! I'd wondered about Ned being too moral to go after a married man, and he hadn't. It'd been me he'd been looking at! Me for Christ's sake, winner of Ugliest Mug of Northumberland five years running, and Ned all but a model with his looks! With my face I'd long been resigned that no women would ever want me – rugby hadn't exactly helped matters, much as I loved it – but it seemed I'd forgotten the men.
Despite the care and love of the greatest man in the whole wide world, nothing could stop me from feeling plain
“Today is September the seventh”, he said. “The next attack should not happen until the twenty-fourth, so that gives us some time. Ladies, I need to know something else about Lord Thomas. Does he have any weaknesses, perhaps foods or drink that he is particularly partial to?”
I have to say that neither Mr. or Mrs. Gable impressed me much. She was built like a battleship and clearly regarded my presence as an intrusion into her realm. He was wearing clothes at least one size too tight which, I supposed, he believed would make him look thinner rather than a man about to burst his buttons. He had also apparently taken a bath in
“I just caught that cow of a hostess slapping one of her servants”, he growled. “So we are going to do the do in her own house, then go back in there and face her.”
He pouted in a way that had me more than half-minded to drag him into the waiting-room and have my way with him. Unfortunately our quarry was expected any minute. Life was unfair like that.
He clearly put two and two together there and wondered if he had been gotten out of the way for a visit from his least favourite Cornish ex-fisherman (he almost certainly had been). Then he sighed and nestled back into my side, wrapping a possessive arm around me. I really should get round to mentioning that the Cornish ex-fisherman he so loathed had been in a steady relationship with Salerio and Solario at the house for some years now, so he had no need to be jealous at all.
“Indeed”, Sherlock said. “The wrongful disinheritance of a faithful and above all else healthy son.”
It sounds like a cliché to say that it was only at that moment I became aware just how loud the tick of the grandfather clock in the corner was, yet it was true. I stared at our host in shock. Sherlock of course was unruffled.
"Such things do, undoubtedly, make me more of a monster than might have been previously assumed." Holmes muttered quietly, hearing by my struggling breaths that I might have been done reading. Yet I approached him in a single step, feeling as though my legs might very well give out on me should I continue any farther.
