Sobs wrack his body and he doesn’t even try and fight them back anymore.
By the time Dean everything he needs beside the car, he ducks into the front seat to grab the keys to open the trunk. The alphas forest scent is stronger here, and the underlining honey is so pronounced  his mouth starts to water as a moan slips past his lips. He leans closer to the seat, eyes slipping shut and takes in a deep breath. His eyes snap open as a trickle of slick leaks out and he jerks himself out of the car, stumbling backwards nearly falling on his ass.
“Uh, you’re wearing your clothes, Cas.” Sam said, raising an eyebrow at him.
Glancing beside him he sees Castiel glaring at the door where the cop left. Dean follows his gaze and makes his feet start walking.
Flicking his tongue out against Dean’s earlobe, Castiel’s smile widens when he hears a whimper slip past Dean’s slips. “I want to feel you,” he whispers, letting his lips brush against Dean’s ear as he speaks. “I want to know what it’s like to be inside you. I want to watch you come apart underneath me while I push you over the edge.”
The words don’t really hit Castiel at first. He sits there, staring back into Dean’s forest green eyes letting the declaration of what was said echo inside his head. Maybe it’s the hurricane of emotions from the day mixed in with the exhaustion from the weeks of poor sleep, but it isn’t until Dean gives him a small little flicker of his familiar smirk that the meaning of the words clicks inside his head.
He feels his brother brush past him and then hears movement around the room. Dean’s eyes never leave Castiel’s unmoving body. It’s all too much. There isn’t any sense to anything that has happened. It’s just a void of silence to all his screaming of unanswerable questions. It’s all too much, fuck, it doesn’t even seem real, but at the same time it’s
Now, all these years later, no matter where they are, or what they’re doing, they have their time set to this one designated spot. Sometimes they’re able to meet up at the top of the tallest building in the town they’ve both agreed to, and watch the sun set over the water. Sometimes they can’t. Life gets like that, more so now it seems. Regardless, Dean knows that when their respective watches go off, no matter where they are, they both take some sort of solace that the other is thinking of them.
Castiel must scent something, because he gently maneuvers and nudges Dean to his feet. Dean blinks open his eyes to the floor, refusing to raise them all the way to the car. He scents, more than feels, his brother sitting in the drivers seat beside him. Dean glances into the back seat when he hears the door closed, seeing Cas staring back at him with that soft smile.
Dean shrugs, readjusting on the couch. “Haven’t really been shopping. S’not like I expected you here twice in one week. But if this is about not making an appointment, I swear I’m —”
Thinking back to their last interaction, Cas tries to think of anything he might’ve said that would warrant this type of awkwardness. Has he done something? Did he say something? Even when they were videoing it wasn’t like this. Conversation between them has always been easy, never stilling. It was one of the nice benefits of having Dean as his friend. There was always someone to pick back up the conversation if it ever threatened to die.
Dean thought he was angry before, but now his hands start to shake with it. “I’m sorry I got dealt the shit end of this whole deal, but there ain’t anything I can do about it! My designation doesn’t effect how I work, and you know it.”
Come scream at me in the comments!
“You headed back to Little Rock?” Dean asks, knowing full well that job ended weeks ago.
“This isn’t a fucking joke, people are dying!”
He opens his eyes just as Castiel spins around. It takes a beat for the alpha’s wide and frantic eyes to settle on him, but when they do, they go impossibly wider before he rushes over. Dean’s fingers sink into his shirt, clinging to it like a life line as Castiel’s warm hands grip his shoulders tightly. He practically melts into the touch with how damn good it feels.
“What is there to tell?” Castiel says standing up with a groan. “I told you everything that happened.”
A part of him wishes he could see the green of his Righteous Man’s eyes one last time before he dies. He thinks, wherever he is going next, he would like to remember the unearthly green that lies within the man. He wishes a lot of things, as he feels his hand fall limply to his side, half unwilling, half unable to fight back. After all his years of trying to defend and protect his human, his charge, his Righteous Man, he is finally going to be killed by those hands. Maybe, he hopes, that will be enough to bring him back.
Dean isn’t in the courtroom anymore. He isn’t safe, protected by police officers swearing no harm will come to him ever again. He isn’t free. He’s back in that cold house with those plain, grey walls. He’s back to drinking in his grief like it’s the finest of red wines.
Castiel hasn’t bothered to learn the name of the motel. He hasn’t even paid enough attention to the name of the town. All he knows is that he’s tired. He’s beyond tired. Exhaustion doesn’t have a name for what he is feeling. It is something deeper than the need for rest. Castiel feels it in his muscles as his fingers twitch on their own accord. He feels it seeping out of his bones as he adjusts his position in this God awful chair. The heaviness of what he is feeling weighs him down so deeply, it prevents his eyelids from closing to give him rest.
“Keep your eyes closed!” The voice yells.
Castiel shakes his head letting out an exasperated sigh. “I’ve accepted the situation, though not ideal, I understand that this is what it is now.” He meets Dean’s eyes again and for a moment Dean sees that fierceness of his badass self back again. “I did not save you just for you to die again. I refuse to see you die.”
Roughly, Dean grabs his face, tugging him back just enough before pulling their mouths back together. The kiss is hard and fast, mixed in with their teeth knocking together as they both try and fight for the upper hand. Unlike how they started, this is in no way gentle. Yet Castiel can’t help feeling spurred on, chasing Dean’s mouth as he tries to pull them apart.
If Cain had not found a means to rid himself of the Mark by now, then it must be true. Years-centuries- of knowledge and searching, and coming up with nothing? It amazing that Cain had fought the urge for blood off this long. Still, Cain was civilized enough to have a coherent conversation. He has a plan and isn’t murdering blindly. Was that just because he doesn’t hold the Blade? Or because he relinquished the Mark to Dean?
Dean pushes past people, rushing forward as quickly as he can until he turns the same corner from earlier. He ducks off to the side, pressing himself against the doorway of some dirty looking red metal door that must lead to someone’s apartment. Uncaring what he sits on, Dean crouches down and just holds his head in his heads trying to breathe.
Castiel breaks the eye contact first, ducking his head as his cheeks start to pink. “What I was going to say was,” he says raising his head and blatantly looking past Dean to Charlie. “We’ve all heard you go on about it, just get to it.”
“Look at that,” the voice says in a mocking tone. “The little secret our dear Clarence has been holding out on us all this time.”
The pressure of the dull nails pressing into his back and Dean, now, chanting his name over and over tips him over the edge, and pulls his orgasm out of him. His body tightens, toes curling as he desperately tries to find Dean’s lips right before his vision whites out. He spills over his hand just as he feels Dean’s body lock up underneath him right before his dick starts twitching with his own release.
, in case you have forgotten. I am not made to sit on the side while you risk yourself for me. I am a fighter just like you and Sam, or do you not believe in us anymore? We
Dean rolls over and reaches out a trembling hand for his phone. His fingers are shaking so badly he has to try his password three times before he unlocks it.
Lot of good that did.
Dean groans as Castiel watches him try and sit up. Quickly averting his gaze he stares at the floor trying to piece everything that’s happened in the last twelve hours together. His mind starts to go fuzzy, almost like static, when he tries to contemplate what Crowley spoke about. Maybe it’s the lack of sleep, or maybe the shock, but even the most recent conversation with the demon isn’t properly replaying in his mind.
I'm on Tumblr, Camerahead12.
But if he’s ever been good at anything, it has been punishing himself. Torture is what demons do best, after all, and damnit, he’s not one be proving anyone wrong. Besides, if these are their last moments together, what does it have to lose?
“Can I help you with something, sir?” She asks.
“Ouch, that sounds like it hurt,” Dean chuckles, letting go of him as Castiel grabs his shoulder as he arm hangs uselessly to his side.
Gasping, Castiel arches his back, mouth open wide in a silent scream caught in his throat. It hurts, oh God does it hurt worse than any type of torture he can ever remember enduring. It burns so hot his whole body feels numb with cold. Every part of him is burning, aching,
After defeating Lucifer, losing his brother and watching his fucking soulmate die just to be remade moments later, Dean couldn’t even fault Castiel for leaving him. The mission is done, Lucifer is back in the cage, his purpose for coming back from hell is now complete. One thing Cas is always good about is being completely bluntly honest about why he was even around. Now there was just no more reason for him to be around. Lucifer was gone, and that was it.
“As his doctor I am going to have to say this isn’t what’s best for – ”
“The fuck you think I’m doing!” Dean snaps, slowing the car down until they jerk to a stop and he throws it in park. He turns around slowly, eyes meeting Castiel’s again.
“Don’t ‘pologize to me, buddy,” Dean rasps out tightly. “We weren’t a thing, you don’t gotta explain shit to me.”
“As touching as the two of you truly are, time is of the essence.” Crowley raises his free hand, and with his smirk firmly in place, nods to Sam. “Be in touch Moose.”
Sam is right behind him, bumping into him as Dean stands there frozen in the doorway, unable to take his eyes away from Castiel.
Horrible whispers bounce around in his head wondering if Dean complained to this other person about how he never “put out”. Being part of the LGBT community, Charlie has always understood. In the beginning of them being together, she use to be a “go to” for Dean when he’d become frustrated. She’d always talk to him, multiple times, assuring Dean to just give them time.
The guy raises an eyebrow, looking him up and down slowly. There’s nothing subtle about the way he looks at him. Dean wishes he had enough patience not to squirm underneath the stare, but given that it’s doing nothing for his current, arising problem, he can’t help it.
Looking back down at the phone, Dean pulls up his own contact information. A few more buttons and then he lets out a bark of laughter, handing the phone back to Cas. “You had me blocked, you dork.”
Dean was vastly different from Balthazar in every way. Their personalities seemed like night and day; where Balth was outgoing and dramatic, Dean was more along the shy side (until you got to know him) and composed. Dean spoke of his little brother, Aunt and Uncle back in Sioux Falls with such love it was captivating. Balthazar only complained or gossiped about his other siblings antics.
she isn’t wearing any panties. Dean swears she had them on when they were messing around in the bathroom before the friend walked in on them. Actually, he knows she did because when he had her up against the wall and her skirt came up he saw that they were black and lacy, the exact match to her bra. Her friend had asked to give them a minute, which turned into a good eight minutes, before they came out, the blond looking a bit more flushed than when he left her. It was then that they asked him if he wanted to come back to their place.
When Cast tilts his head, pushing his chapped yet soft lips into his, Dean’s parts his own mouth with a small sigh. He kisses him back not because his body demands it, but because he wants to. The kiss never deepens past partially closed lips, but by the time they do pull apart, they’re both still breathless.
you’re thinking your little Dean is going to come through that door like the hero you’ve diluted yourself into thinking he is.” He snorts and rips the pajama pants the rest of the way off. “Trust me, no one is saving you tonight.”
He licks at the water dripping down his chin, watching as Castiel’s eyes track the movement. He sheepishly glances up at the alpha who is looking softly down at him. “Uh, thanks, I guess. I didn’t realize how thirsty I was.”
Feeling like he’s underwater, all Dean can do is blinks up with blurry eyes at whoever is saying his name. Strong hands grab him by his arms, pulling him to his feet. Shaking his head once more, Dean tries to gain some sort of clarity, but instead it just makes him feel like he’s sinking, drowning in himself. Exhaustion that he knows must have been there the whole time seems to have snuck up and hit him seemingly out of nowhere. It feels like his body has not only been hit by a truck, but his mind has been stretched and pushed beyond what it can handle. He tries to mentally snap himself out of it, but everything that’s happened over the course of this fucked up day seems so deeply rooted in him he doesn’t know where to begin to come back to himself.
that he wouldn’t be able to live without him. It scares the hell out of him, but after all the bullshit he’s been through Cas has always been that light guiding his way.
“I’d, of course, have you join me. We have a deal, Squirrel.” They both step through the door into a homey looking living room. “You have no idea what we’ve gotten ourselves into.”
“Do you…”
“You…remember it again,” Castiel’s words sound forced, as if he’s using all his strength just to speak them.
Dean’s heartbeat is pounding in his ears as he tries to control his breathing. This has to be a lot of his friend after everything he just went through, but if Cas can just allow this to happen and give him this bit of trust, then maybe it really will be alright. Maybe they’ll be alright. His eyes begin to sting and he takes in a slow breath trying not to cry like some damn chick.
“Yes,” the blond moans, Dean’s dick slipping out of her mouth. “Yes, yes. Gunna come. Gunna —”
“As long as we have him, we have time to figure out a plan.” Sam says. “We can start out with the regular ways. I have Bobby’s old books in storage. I can go through those and see if there’s something about the Mark in there.”
“Time?” Dean laughs humorlessly. “Ten months not long enough for you?”
A part of him wants to believe him and go with him, but the other part of him is just so damn tried. And what if he does go back and there’s nothing. Just some nice sounding words to get him back to Earth so he can be used and manipulated as a pawn in someone else’s game. Why doesn’t he deserve to rest!? When is it his turn?
And just like that Dean feels like his veins have been injected with ice all over again.
Castiel’s lip twitches with the faintest hint of a smile despite their grim looking situation. Holy water was really their only option as much as Castiel wants to deny it. Maybe trying to burn off the Mark or cutting it out might be their only other option; though he wagers a guess that Cain might have tried doing something like this on his own. Still, the thought of seeing Dean’s skin boiling and melting off makes a wave of nausea go through him, and his grace flares in response to settle his stomach.
Truthfully, he’s just fucking tired. He’s tired of having to show up at a hospital time and time again. Tired of being catcalled every time he goes anywhere just because of his subgender. Tired of constantly having to watch his back. Tired of answering the age ol’ question of how he’s fucking feeling or doing every time he sees his brother. When was the last time they actually just grabbed a couple of drinks and shot the shit? Why did his brother stop becoming his brother?
“You’ve already admitted to keeping my client tied up,” Sam says evenly. “How often would you say you kept him like this?”
It’s maddening to just stand here while there is nothing that he can do. Castiel knows they were holding onto some sort of hope that by the sixth dose Dean would be more himself enough to talk with consciously about things. But after injecting him Dean’s eyes may have stayed green, but that voice…that laughter… A shiver runs through Castiel as he remembers how Dean jeered at them.
– shirt lower until they reach the hem of his pajama bottoms. “And now I have you.”
She reaches out and touches his shoulder. Instead of jerking away from her touch, Castiel lets it linger. He wants to be angry. Oh, how he wants to continue to be furious with Dean for being with someone else. But as long as he’s known Charlie, her friendship and loyalty to those she cares about is pure. As much as he believe she wouldn’t stand for Dean cheating on him, or visa versa, memories of Gordon calling him from Dean’s phone telling him to come and get Dean from the car still echo inside his head. He didn’t even really see the mark until he was undressing a less than half conscious Dean.
When everyone first started hearing about the virus no one took it seriously. The news hardly covered the sickness at all, and it really just sounded like a bad case of the flu. Dean couldn’t understand why everyone what freaking out about overseas.
Blinking his eyes open he stays staring upwards to the starry heavens. Not for the first time, Dean contemplates asking whoever might be out there the million dollar question of “why”. It’s not like the question itself has been picked apart and dissected enough through the ages. Hell, he remembers his brother, Sam, having to take a whole college course on the theories and history of “why”.
“We could try a summoning spell for Crowley? Have him bring back…” Sam’s voice trails off.
The shadows play with Dean’s features, making them seem more jagged and defined. A shudder shakes his body, and Castiel has to remind himself that it is just the fire. The Mark cannot change a person’s image. Dean’s voice breaks through his thoughts. “It’s who I’ve always been. I’m just not trapped in the pit this time.”
Dean sighs as he pushes the bathroom door open and quickly locks it behind him. He lets his himself leans against it, just resting his head against the (probably germ infested and disgusting) door and closes his eyes for a moment. He takes in a deep breath through his nose counting to three, and parts his lips letting it come out slowly. In this moment, everything is okay. In this moment, everything is still.
Holy forking shirt, it’s been a hot minute.
“Thirty years,” Dean whispers, trying to ignore the way his voice is breaking. “I screamed for thirty damn years.” He drops his gaze down to the carpeted floor, trying his best to blink back the stinging in his eyes. “They sliced, carved and tore at me in ways that –” Dean looks up at the ceiling, wiping angrily at the tears running down his face. “Until there was nothing left. And then I would be whole again. Like magic. Just so they could start it all over again.”
He runs a free hand through his hair giving a shrug. “Doesn’t matter what I say. If you’re anything like me, you wont believe me.”
“I…” Castiel closes his eyes tightly, the grip on his arm tightening. Dean watches as Castiel’s faces pinches in pain, as if touching him is physically causing him pain. Dean almost pulls out of his grasp, but he’s selfishly craving his angel’s touch too badly to really give a damn at this point.
crown!”
Pulling back, looking down at Dean’s pupils dilating again. Oh, if they were only younger and if he actually had the sex drive of the average male his age. Castiel places another quick kiss to the side of Dean’s mouth just because he can before propping himself up on his arm again.
“C’mon Dean!” He hisses slapping the menu down on the table. “You practically had to carry him into the room! You guys took long enough to get there, hasn’t he said anything?”
Castiel almost laughs outright at the suggestion. True he is an angel, but he is no way anything pure. His purity became tainted the moment he fell the first time. And now Castiel wonders how they can keep calling him “angel” or “holy” without laughing after what happened to him. His body is stained, impure, and it has only been, what, two days since he was human? His own grace refuses to work as it should, and who is to blame for that? How can they possible expect him to purify anything? He doubts he could even manage to bless water to make it holy.
“Holy water only does minimal harm to a Knight of Hell. An exorcism is out of the question considering Dean carries the Mark therefore making himself the demon. He is about as possessed as you or I.”
“You fucking asshole,” he slurs trying to push away from him.
“I was always going to give it back.” Crowley sticks his hands in his jacket pocket and sighs. “But I do believe I might’ve found another way ‘round this whole situation.”
It’s like whatever his body is going through is leaving Dean with the inability to have control over any of his actions. He wants to hate it, but at the same time the omega part of him seems to be sitting in the drivers seat, and Dean doesn’t really care. He was almost just ripped away both physically and mentally from Cas, and if this is what his body needs to do to protect his mental whatever that’s going on with him, Dean figures things could be worse.
Dean gasps as he feels Castiel’s tongue slip past his rim, but the warmth is quickly joined with something more solid – his finger. For a moment Dean tenses, thoughts flooding back to that night in the alley, but the alpha sucks hard before starting to thrust his tongue and finger in unison. Dean lets out a cry, gripping the hair tighter, rocking his ass against the alpha’s mouth. It feels beyond incredible. All his senses seem to come alive, as the alpha spears him open, making the most obscenely wet noises.
Castiel doesn’t expect Dean to laugh at him, but he definitely doesn’t expect how broken and bitter it sounds. He shifts on his feet nervously, swallowing against the lump still present in his throat. It occurs to him for the first time since he lost his grace, that he doesn’t know how to read Dean anymore. It’s unsettling and makes his ache.
. His skin starts to crawl as Cas continues to run his fingers through his hair over and over again. “You did so well – ”
Slowly, Castiel lets his eyes raise to meet Dean’s.
His breath catches as his heart starts pounding in his chest so fast he grips his chest. Castiel saved him from hell, fought through demon after demon! He smites demons with his bare hands as if they’re nothing! Cas raised him from the pit and remade him with those hands, and now he’s being punished? What has he ever done that hasn’t been in the name of Heaven or for what is right? How is this right or even fair?
“He knew his safe word,” he replies as a twisted smile splays across his lips. His eyes settle on Dean, making bile rise in the back of his throat. “He never said it, though. Not once. He liked those games we played, didn’t you Dean?”
“Sure thing, sugar.” She says winking at him.
“Oopsie, I’m sorry. That seemed like something important,” Dean says sarcastically, “Did you need that? My bad, man.”
The words, albeit true, still sting. He glares past Sam, letting his eyes unfocus trying to collect himself before either of the brothers can see how what they’re saying truly hurts. It will always come down to that now, wont it? How useless and fragile he really is.
“That’s bullshit,” his younger brother, Sam, says one Friday they both happened to be off work. “Bats have been around for years, and people have been eating all sorts of weird shit. You’re telling me that
Crowley chuckles and leans back in the chair. “And how is our little Knight doing? Slaughtering families just for sport?”
Dean’s fingers lightly brush over his exposed skin from where his shirt has rucked up, and follow his dark hair that disappears underneath his –
future, you and I.” Smiling down at him, Cas softly traces Dean’s lips with his finger. “I love you, Dean Winchester. I think I’ve always loved you, even before I knew I was capable of it. I don’t know why I never said, but I know the feeling was always there.
“I had my heat a few weeks ago, jackass,” Dean snaps.
the hooks being shoved through his flesh. His screams turn into whimpers as he’s bombarded with feelings, sensations, emotions and
angel – deserves at least some sort of compassion. He needs to know that regardless of the fucked up situation, Dean isn’t mad. Not at him, anyway.  “Tonight, I just want you to know –”
After the silence stretches Sam leans forward a bit resting his arms on his knees. “Did you think it would bother me that you were with a guy?”
Something rubs against his jaw and Dean flinches before realizing it’s Cas’ thumb, and his hand is cupping his face. Even despite the pain Dean finds himself relaxing into the touch.
There is something…something hidden in all of the words he speaks that is on the tip of Castiel’s tongue. Something deep mixed with so much pain that he is almost afraid of pushing any further; fearing it might be the snapping point into Cain slipping back into the man Castiel has heard stories of.
“No,” he says without realizing the words are coming out of his mouth. “No!”
“I…I don’t know,” Sam whispers, shaking his head, understanding the unsaid words Dean can’t speak.
Shivering with a chill that comes out of nowhere, Dean snaps himself out of those thoughts with a shake of his head. It’s not like this can alter his whole personality, right? This is just an omega thing. Maybe it’s a good thing. This way at least no alpha can ever control. No alpha can… He blinks slowly, focusing on the mess of dark hair on the back of Castiel’s head.
Making it to the bathroom to relieve his aching bladder seems a feat all of itself. By the time he’s taken a shower, brushed his teeth and put on fresh clothes Dean feels a lot better. Padding out of the bedroom he stops cold when he sees Castiel hunched over the island, staring down at his hands as a tear drips off the tip of his nose.
“But we… I mean, you and I…”
“Hell, at least decent people leave a note.”
When was the last time someone was genuinely concerned about him? Not just out of due diligence, but actually mean some type of general good human emotions.
Letting out a sigh of relief, Dean slumps back into the bed. At least that’s one less thing he can stop worrying about. Biting his lower lip, Dean wonders if Castiel is actually in jail for trying to break into an omega unit. Did he even try and come back to see about him? Did he try calling?
The angel’s eyes glance quickly too him, something Dean might have missed centuries ago, but now they both can practically speak with each other just through their mannerisms and eyes. “You know how he died.”
“Bullshit!” Dean growls, stalking up towards Benny. His usual subtle spiced scent that reminds Dean of some sort of Cajun food is sharper. He reeks of smug, posturing alpha and it invades Dean’s nose making it twitch with the hint of a sneeze for a moment. Instead he fights it back, glaring up at the man he once knew, trying to wade through the anger enough to form words. “Not by choice! Because of some bullshit law!”
Castiel ducks his head as Dean moves his hands to Castiel’s back, gently pulling him closer. Cas bends down and rests his forehead on Dean’s chest letting out another sob. Slowly, Dean rubs slow circles in his back lifting up to place a soft kiss in his hair.
Dean looks up at Sam who almost looks exactly like that twelve year old kid on Christmas morning when he woke up and discovered presents wrapped under the tree for the first time since their mother was alive. “So you’re telling me while I got a fricken tube shoved down my throat my body was just, what, reconfiguring itself?”
“I think I have a right to be whatever I want at this point,” Dean interrupts, glaring back up at the man he once thought he knew. “I think I fucking deserve to be a little bit pissed off at this whole – God Cas! You’re getting fucking married, and what? You just meet the girl? True loves first kiss or some shit? Last thing I fucking heard from you was Mommy and Daddy needed to meet with you over business plans, then nothing! Nada. No fucking call back, no texts, nothing. You just dropped off the face of the earth!”
“Yeah, but your mindset isn’t in the best place, medically speaking. Look at what just happened! If something like that happens again – ”
Sam’s fingers brush against his and he lets his hand fall away. Precious seconds tick by as he watches the younger Winchester out of the corner of his eye standing there unmoving as he stares at his exposed neck. Just as he opens his mouth to say something, he sees the light glint off the needle as it raises. Castiel has just enough time to slip his eyes closed before he feels the cool of the metal against his neck and then a pinch.
Dean hums, going back to twirling the blade. “Oh, I’m pretty sure I’m him, alright. And I am really bored with this whole thing.”
Sometimes Castiel is awake. As much as Dean wants to see the blue of his eyes and hear his voice, those days are the worst. Hearing Castiel scream as they carve different symbols laced with magic into his skin and not being able to do anything about it is a type of agony Dean didn’t know existed.
*~*~*~*
And just like that, Dean feels the last bit of the warmth ripped from him at those words.
A month after Castiel slammed the door on him and their relationship, Dean just runs on autopilot. He doesn’t bother shaving his face, anymore. Honestly, if it wasn’t for Charlie checking up on him, he’s not exactly sure he would even bother showering. He only happens to eat if Charlie shoves some sort of food at him while he’s in the office, and he’s finally starting to wonder if maybe eating should be more of a priority. His clothes have been fitting a bit looser than usual.
Determined to make it to the door, he manages to make it to the edge of the before before his legs start to give out and his vision is spinning. He grips the edge of the spare bed, panting at the pathetic effort it’s taken him just to get this far as his vision slowly comes back into focus.
We’re almost there, loves! You all hanging in there okay? ~_^
When careful fingers nudge his chin upwards again, he moves on autopilot. He’s aware Sam has to be saying something, but Dean just tries to float away in the haze of nothingness inside his mind.
to happen – but he still doesn’t have to like the fact his choice was taken from him.
“I’m going to go get us check in,” Sam says quietly, climbing out of the car.
They’ve both been through enough tonight. Seeing Cas fall apart like that in the police car because of him was…If it was even anywhere close to the type of rejection Dean felt before he almost died it must have taken a toll on him. Any type of rejection hurts, but to think your own mate is going to break your mating bond after being told they’d work on things…
“Okay okay.” Dean laughs, setting down his coffee cup on the counter. “I have to get going, I’ll see you guys later alright?” He points at the two kids eating breakfast. “Be good. Jack, you make sure you pay attention in class and to Kelly okay?”
“Did you do this?” Dean asks in a whisper.
"I did it." Jack finally spoke in a soft voice. He looked to his right to see Castiel lifting himself off of the ground with a proud smile and a soft chuckle escaping his lips. "I did it, Cas. I beat him." The angel nodded, walking over to his son and pulling him into a tight embrace. Jack laughed out of relief as he let the tension run out of his body and relaxing into his father's touch.
Tears were brought to his eyes, but he was smiling so big it started to hurt. Cas was the first to walk up to Dean, holding out his hand for Dean to take; and he did. Dean takes a few steps towards the center of everyone, still holding onto Cas’s hand.
“So I’ve heard.” He looks at Buck who was smiling ear to ear. “I love you guys.”
Dean, Hen, Chimney and Bobby were all sitting in the fire truck and eating sandwiches as they watched cars pass by. Today was odd for Dean. Alex and Cas hadn’t wished him a happy birthday even though they seemed pretty determined to do something today, nobody had mentioned how weird the calls have been today, and it’s definitely weird being around Chimney. “Okay,” Dean begins, shifting in his seat to sit up right. “No one wants to talk about how weird the calls have been today?” Chimney chokes on his sandwich after hearing those words.
Cas felt his heart drop to the floor when he read the message and ran towards the front of the hospital to let Alex know. “Dean’s catching on to them.” He says nearly out of breath.
“The kid won’t either if we cut the car.” Eddie argues. Calls like these were always the toughest. Not knowing who will survive, having to be the one to choose which life to save...none of it was ever easy.
“Yeah, I came up with a genius plan to lower Dee’s suspension.” Buck smirks, feeding his ego.
“Yes.” Cas said quickly. A smile growing on both of their faces. Staring at one another for a brief moment, taking in one another’s happiness. The angel taking his hands out of his pockets, moving them up to Dean’s face to pull him in for a passionate, yet emotional kiss. Suddenly the rush of memories that they experienced throughout the years came back. Fighting for each other and losing each other. Every single argument, every soft glance or touch they had shared, all their reunions meaning so much more just for this moment.
“But if he asks?” They all sigh and Hen looks back to check on Dean seeing that he was on a phone call.
“Yep, let’s go.” Buck turns around and starts heading for his jeep with Cas laughing behind him.
“If he asks, it’s a baby shower Maddie and Chim. We tell them ahead of time since Maddie is already in on the party anyway.” Bobby says. Everyone groaned in frustration. “Chim can keep a secret guys.”
"Chuck is dead." He reassured.
“Oh it’s no problem, Dean’s family. Kinda the way we do things around here.” Buck says proudly, straightening up his posture. Jody laughs.
“I-...well, um…” Castiel hesitated on his answer, knowing that a human touching the wings of an angel is considered to be an intimate act...or at least that’s what he was told from others. “It probably won’t feel pleasant. There isn’t much to feel.” Dean dropped his hand, continuing to admire them without touching. Cas swallowed a lump that formed in his throat, trying to find enough courage to speak once more. He was curious to know what a human touch to his wings would do — what it would feel like. “Yes.” He spoke suddenly. Dean stopped for a moment, looking at the back of the angel’s head, confused but a little excited.
“I’ve heard. You’re very sweet, Buck.” The firefighter tightly smiles as his cheeks turn slightly red, earning a chuckle from his big sister. “Do you need help with anything?” Jody asks, referring to Maddie.
“It turned out wonderful.” The angel looked up again, meeting his love’s eyes with a soft smile. “I learned who I was truly created to be. Not just an angel, but a friend — a-a father.”
“Cap, something happened at the firehouse. Buck needs us there like...now.” She says, her tone serious. So serious it put Dean in a small cloud of worry.
“His ankle is still pinned.” Dean pleads. Not much time was left and he was not about to leave this kid alone.
”Hey Sam?” Sam got his final kill, letting out a small ‘yes!’ before he looked up from his computer screen to the small nephilim in front of him. “Where’s Dean and Cas?” The youngest Winchester tried his best to refrain from smiling, knowing what his brother and the angel were. Sam simply shook his head and stood up from his seat.
“You really think he’s going to like kids toys?” Bobby asks sarcastically.
“Well we all love you here, and nothing can change that.” Dean smiles and squeezes her hand in response. He was grateful, really. This family he was welcome into was the best risky decision he had ever made.
“Haha.” Chimney says sarcastically. It’s still so baffling to Dean how much safer he feels being around this group of people. How much more at home LA feels to him. “Mind if I stick around to see your boyfriend yell at you?”
When they got there, Dean closed the door and headed to his closet to pull out an old AC/DC t-shirt and a pair of navy blue sweats, folding them neatly before turning to Cas and handing them over. “These should be more comfortable.”
“I was thinking of an answer, dumbass.” Dean chuckled once again while Cas rolled his eyes and pulled away from Dean, unwrapping his arms from around him and placing him on the floor gently. “What’re you doing?” Castiel kneeled beside Dean and hovered his hands over his chest and stomach, getting ready to heal him. “You sure you’ve got enough juice for that?” Dean asked, worried what would happen to Cas if he used all of his grace.
“It’s one time Chim, and we really need your help with this.” Chimney sighs and drops his hands. “It’s for Dean.” Hen says.
“It’s all the way.” Eddie says, looking up at the roof where the cracks started to spread very fast.
Nothing was more important than this moment they shared. No monsters, no threat to the world, no one was on the brink of death, it was just them. Dean Winchester and Castiel in bed, enjoying each other’s company and affection.
“I love you too, sweetheart.”
“I should’ve known.” His thumb runs across Dean’s knuckles. “You’ve always had a soft spot for kids.”
“I’m useless.” Dean softened, scooting closer to Cas and removing all the space the was left between them. How could he have not known or even think about the pressure Cas had been under?
“Okay.” All three firemen looked at one another briefly, Eddie and Buck getting straight to work with the floor jacks.
“Hey, hey buddy.” Buck says once the little boy opened his eyes. “Hey, we’re gonna get you out of here okay?” The two men looked at each other, uncertainty swimming in their colored eyes. From the other side of the wall, the Jaws were heard cutting the car. Seconds went by and the kid started to cry out in pain making Buck jump up and run to the other side. “Guys guys! Stop!” Eddie stopped and looked up, worried and confused written all over his face. “You can’t cut the car.”
Jack had succeeded in taking down the biggest threat to him and the world. Taking down
“I understand.” Dean saw the wings pop out again and he smiled, letting his eyes roam over every bent, and dangling feather that he had. Castiel still feeling insecure at the appearance, but Dean looked so fascinated by the sight of his wings. Like he said, his wings were a representation for how far he had come. From being a soldier of heaven, following any orders he was given, to a fallen angel who was willing to give everything up for humanity...and his human. Dean’s hands fell from the angel’s face, moving behind Cas to observe every single detail.
“Son of a bitch.” He says with an airy laugh. Dean looks around at everyone, they’re all smiling. Full of joy and light, full of love.
“A husband.” Dean whispered, at least he thought, but when he saw Castiel’s expression he knew that it wasn’t a whisper. The Winchester played it off, giving a chuckle before he looked down at his feet. He took a few steady breathes, regaining his composure and meeting the blue eyes that he constantly found himself getting lost into. “You asked me why I brought you here,” Dean paused, his palms becoming sweaty. “Cas...we’ve been through hell and back. Literally.” Castiel stood with a blank expression, obviously still in shock from Dean’s slip up. “Being in this life, I know that life is far too short. Sure, me and Sam cheat death every once and awhile, but...agh.” Dean threw his hands up in frustration as he punched himself mentally for not finding the right words to say. “Look, the point is. I love you, Castiel. I love you and I know we only started this, but after fighting God and-and almost losing you
“Why is Buck at the firehouse? I thought he had the day off.” Chimney speaks, his voice a little shaky. Hen shrugs and looks back out the window. Eddie was quiet. Dean wasn’t sure what to say, and Bobby didn’t seem to want to acknowledge the situation. The rest of the ride back was complete silence. No noise other than the sirens and engine speeding down the streets of LA.
“Finally, I was scared I’d have to tease them by myself.” Hen says walking up to Dean with Bobby following close behind.
“Little song I wrote,” He shrugged as he moved his guitar off his lap, leaning forward to place his elbows on his knees. “Whatcha think?” Cas couldn’t form a response. To say he was impressed was an understatement, so he simply nodded and smiled. His eyes giving Dean the answer he needed. “Good.” He said simply.
“Okay, you ready kiddo?” Andy nods and the guys start to lift the car and the sound of the jaws fills the intense silence. Dean waits a few seconds, making sure the car is lifted entirely off of the boy before he pulls him out. The hood of the car started pressing upwards into the wall, causing cracks to spread through it and small pieces falling to the floor. “C’mon.” Dean says quietly. The car still wasn’t high enough. More cracks began to spread and the roof started to break. “C’mon.”
And it’s always been that way. Between the both of them, they weren’t like anyone else. Something about them was always different — always special. Dean inched closer a little more finally connecting his lips softly with Castiel. They stood there, enjoying a new closeness they discovered within each other, enjoying how their lips moved perfectly together.
“Haven’t even had one call today and you’re already thinking about dinner?” Hen objects with a joking tone, pinching Dean’s shoulder.
“Firefighter Winchester, this is Captain Nash do you copy?” Everyone was silent, watching the scene before them in horror. “Firefighter Winchester, do you copy?” More silence, the neighborhood joining in to see the wreck and recording everything. The 118 waiting to see if Dean would respond, or if they had to drag two bodies out of there.
Then there was Sam Winchester and Jack Kline sitting in the library playing some sort of zombie video game. Jack would often let out small victorious cheers when succeeding in killing zombies and Sam would laugh at his excitement, it was only towards the end of their fifth match where he started to wonder where the other two men were.
“Cas.” He whispers but was ignored. Cas trying to heal him with whatever grace still runs through him. “Cas...wait a second.” Dean finds the strength to grab Castiel’s wrist, making his glossy blue eyes connect with his. “I can see your wings.”
Cas didn’t hear the footsteps that came from outside his bedroom door, hell, he didn’t even notice his door opening. It wasn’t until he felt his bed sink from someone sitting next to him. Dean.
“Good morning.” Dean returns the smile and leans in for a quick peck. “Mornin’ kiddos.” He rounds the kitchen island to kiss each of their heads. “How are things going with that Kaia girl, Claire?” Claire’s face immediately goes red as soon as the name falls from her father’s mouth.
“Speak for yourself.”
“I’ll make sure the gifts are wrapped. Chim’s gonna help me out with it, and I’m pretty sure my sister is going to want a hand in it too.” He chuckles, earning a smile from Cas and Alex.
"No." Jack pushed himself out of the hug, looking at the trench coated angel with tears of fear and anger beginning to surface the rim of his eyelids. Castiel smiled, not wanting his son to fear the inevitable, nor wanting him to blame himself. Sam and Dean let their smiles fade, concern quickly replacing it as they bared witness to the young nephilim becoming frantic. "It's not fair." Jack said through gritted teeth. Castiel shushed him, placing comforting hands on the boy's shoulders.
Everything was all a lie.
“Guys the car’s airbags are disabled and the car is secured.” Chimney says through the radio. “Drivers alive and pulse is steady, but she’s knocked out cold.”
“I mean it, Cas. I love you.” Dean has this look on his face, Cas couldn't read it. It was different from when he usually looked at him. “Angel mojo or not, I love you.” A weight lifted from Dean once he spoke those words he kept in for so long. Though he looked determined, he was terrified inside. His heart beating so fast and so loud, adrenaline running through his veins. Telling someone you love them after so long was a new rush for him, and he didn’t want to stop. Cas didn’t say a single thing, he just stared in shock. Dean cleared his throat and pulled away to stand up. “Why don’t we get ready for bed huh?” He looked over Cas, noticing he was still in his usual attire. Dean offers his hand only to receive a confused look making him chuckle. “C’mon.” Cas took Dean’s hand nonetheless, following him towards his bedroom, smiling at how surprisingly soft his hand felt.
“No, no. You didn’t.” Cas dropped his gaze to the floor and let out an airy chuckle. Dean stood dumbfounded and waited for an answer. “It’s nothing, really, just…”
. I..." Castiel took a pause, gathering himself long enough to keep his voice strong. "I've served my time on earth. Sam and Dean will take care of you, just as you will take care of them." He smiled softly, but Jack wasn't accepting his father's fate. It wasn't fair, none of it was.
“What would we use? Not like we can’t put another car here.” Hen says, frustration growing as each second passes. “Look, guys, the driver isn’t gonna last just being in here.”
“They’re broken, Dean.”
Castiel tilted his head, noticing the small panic in the man’s green eyes. He was hiding something, but the angel knew better than to push Dean. “When I saw you, I was so proud of myself.” Cas started. “I fought wars, but never was I sent to raise a soul from hell. Angels said I was ‘too soft’ to do such things, but when I went down, fighting hundreds of demons; when I laid my hand on your shoulder and put your soul back into your body...seeing you in the flesh was my biggest accomplishment.” Dean smiled softly, realizing how far they’ve come within the twelve years they’ve known one another. All of the pain, the loss, the heartbreak. The blood, sweat and tears; all of it being worth it just for this moment.
“Me and Christopher build amazing things with legos, there’s plenty to be jealous of,
Buck sent Cas after Dean turned his back.
“Nothing, everything’s fine. Me and the house came up with a good plan to make sure Dean’s occupied for the next couple days.” Buck quickly reassures. Cas worries, he cares, Buck likes that about him. Reminds him of Eddie.
“Nice to meet you Jody.” Maddie says sweetly, and then comes Buck doing the same.
were the ones in control of their lives. The heroes of their own story.
“Praying she makes some lasagna, she always makes really good lasagna.” Dean groans, rubbing his stomach as if he just ate. Hen laughs and stuffs her hands in her pockets as she starts walking towards the ambulance.
“And I don’t?” Everyone chuckles, Buck nearly choking on his food. “Cold, Diaz. Real cold.” As usual, before anyone can finish their food, the bell goes off and everyone groans.
“Uh, Chimney.” Eddie says randomly, earning looks from the room. “We’re praying that the, uh, dad life doesn't get to his head and he decides to quit.” Dean squinted at the obvious, but very convincing lie he was told; instead of asking, he just nodded slowly and walked towards the kitchen to make a quick sandwich. The team sighed in relief and stood up from their seats and Dean turned around with a cocky smile.
“Are you okay?” Cas asks. Dean nods. He sniffles and nods, smiling brightly as his eyes meet back with the blue of his boyfriend’s. “Happy birthday, my love.” Dean sniffles again and grabs Cas’s face, kissing him passionately. Putting every emotion he feels in that moment, hell, for the past few years into this kiss. Everyone in the background starts to cheer and clap. Jack and Claire come running up to hug their parents, excited and filled with pure joy. Dean broke the kiss and looked at his kids.
“What?” They both stand there and stare at each other for a moment, Cas’s eyes shifting to the empty plate on the island. “Oh.” Jack reaches for the plate and walks over to place it in the sink.
"C-Cas?" Was he could manage to say. Dean stayed still, not moving, tears falling from his eyes. An emptiness filling his chest, almost as if he couldn't breath. "Cas..." He whispered once more, almost as in prayer; hoping to...whoever, that his angel would return. Because he couldn't accept the reality of what happened. He didn't
They won.
They did it.
same way. I couldn’t leave him. Not like that.” Dean’s bottom lip quivered and Cas stepped forward, holding out his hand for his boyfriend to take.
“Yeah and look how that turned out.” Castiel chuckled, dropping his head so he was looking at the floor.
“Dean?” A voice called, but they both ignored it and continued to focus on each other as if the world revolved around them. “Dean- oh.” Sam stopped in his tracks seeing the scene before him. He laughed and nodded, walking back out of the building to give the two some privacy.
Despite his current situation; having so much pain leaving the ones he loved, Cas was happy. He reached the end on his story with his family by his side. He was grateful he saw their smiles and heard their laughs one last time, and he was relieved to know that he would be leaving them in a better world. A more peaceful one. He was happy he had gotten to know these humans, had become a father to a boy who was destined to be bad only to prove everyone wrong. Castiel was happy he had gotten to have the feeling of being apart of a
Dean does not take it. There had been some hopeful light tinging his face, but it darkens the instant that Cas mentions Hell. Dean does not smile or nod or change his expression much beyond stony unhappiness. The cheap tin flask sloshes as Dean picks it up to finger the engraving, but does not drink.
This is normally the time and place when Cas’s wings would itch for him to fly. But he’s missed this, missed Dean’s company, missed the warmth of a living being with a soul (and Dean’s is a very warm one). So he sits at the picnic table with Dean until he finishes eating, and then he departs to his war-torn home in heaven.
Cas answers with measured words. "I would be willing to try. Glad to try, if you really think that Sam can be broken out."
Dean is staring at the tabletop, at the half-eaten mishmash of food framed in paper that must be stone-cold and congealed by now. After a few more tight grimaces and shakes of his head and a heavy sigh, Dean answers him. His voice is small.
Crowley snorts. "I didn't come here to listen to this grade-school cock measuring from a feather duster in a tie. I came here to give you an errand. Don't screw it up."
"Right, right. I've just been thinking that we'll have purgatory by the short hairs a damn sight faster if we had the Winchesters on a leash."
"No problem." Dean shrugs, returns Cas's anemic smile, and finally turns his attention to the paper bag on the table between them. The mellow-tired expression on his face twitches into something more primal, and his nostrils flare as he takes a whiff of the grease-thick food inside.
Dean thinks. He's been sitting in his car outside of this house for ten minutes and hasn't accomplished a damn thing except wearing out the driver’s seat leather.
“The look on your face! Cas, you’re so easy it’s not even funny sometimes. Okay, it is a little funny,” Dean says, and the smile on his face would have been unimaginable five minutes ago. Cas still doesn’t know what he did, but he feels a little pride at having done it if it makes Dean smile like that.
"And I don't need to bang nurses. I do it because it feels awesome." Dean rolls his eyes at the distasteful look Castiel shoots him, and adds "Fine, I'll say a couple of Hail Mary's for committing the sin of being irresistible to women. Now cut it with the judgment act and just eat some of this, for crying out loud."
"Believe me, you're the last one I'd hire for a job this important. But you've got some of that angel mojo that I think might help you out down there," Crowley says, resentful about acknowledging Cas's skills as an angel. Cas does not smile, but his grace grins smugly.
“They set out along the blacktop in the gunmetal light, shuffling through the ash, each the other’s world entire.” -
"What were you saying, Crowley?"
Cas purses his lips but obliges, gingerly taking hold of the sandwich that he now can't believe he paid actual human money for. He regrets not taking an extra second to roll his sleeves back away from the thing. But he's stuck with it now, so Cas turns the burger around to a section that Dean hadn't yet touched and sinks his teeth in.
"You can do this." Cas is confident in his words, but Dean laughs harshly as though insulted.
"What the hell is it? You want a roadmap through Hell before you set out?"
"What d'you think? Good, huh?" Dean wants to know, gesturing for his food back as if he's afraid Castiel will enjoy it too much.
“Dean, I fail to see what the ethnicity of my vessel has to do with any of this.”
"I'm an angel, not the messiah," Cas says. He keeps his distance, shifting the paper bag in his arms.
"I'm sorry." (He was not). "My angels are not as experienced in violence and torture and deceit as your demons are."
For an instant or two Cas is surprised, because Dean can hardly keep himself clean, let alone lend a hand in heaven. Castiel has seen this human paradox many times among Winchesters. They never want to fix things so badly as they do when they themselves are broken.
"Yes, it's very good." The burger changes hands again and Dean bites into it with all the aggressive fervor that Cas had managed to avoid. At the very least it is a relief to see Dean enjoying something outside, after so many months of brooding in the darkness, but Cas does not mention this.
It's a foolish and insane vulnerability, and Cas has a tenderness for it.
Hey all! Hope you enjoyed this installment. Next few chapters will be featuring the city of greed and gluttony. Don't worry, the boys will get together, they're just taking their sweet time figuring it out.
Only part of Castiel believes this, because he knows that Dean is better than the way he's living now, but Cas cannot fight this prickling need to defend him.
A bitter part of him wonders if Dean might be better off with no one there to stop him.
He thinks of Dean's expression and the happy flaring of his soul when he sees Sam alive and whole.
"Figures. If we're really going to go, can you at least give me a few days to get some shit together?"
"Does that mean you will accompany me?"
The phrases "civil war" and "restarted apocalypse" and "genocide" spring forefront in his mind, but he does not want to risk upsetting Dean. The worn-thin man in front of him does not look like he could tolerate much more bad news, despite his efforts to smile.
Dark and creeping things love this rain because it’s perfect for hiding from the prying eyes of normal folk. Amidst the drip-drop stillness a dark and creeping thing courses through the fog. It's an old black Impala, invisible save for chrome glinting under streetlights. The car snakes down Blithe Street, enrobed in the clinging rain. There are panthers that can't move as stealthy as this monster, and not stay so hidden.
pathetic about all this? Man's too botched in the head to even buy decent booze."
Finally getting somewhere, as they say! Another chapter is coming next week. Let me know what you think if you get the chance, but I'll see you then :)
Raindrops smash against the rust-tinged chrome, against the fifteen-layer-deep paint, and amidst the fog and the water it's a wraith as much as anything. The man inside is too. He wipes the back of his hand across his face before returning it to the steering wheel and resuming his white-knuckled driving, even though the car can't be going faster than fifteen.
"Arrogant little shit, aren't you?"
"Would you rather I not...?"
"Pathetic, inn'it?" asks a voice, jaunty with a cockney droll that so well hides cruelty. Cas does not need to look to know that Crowley has joined him in the little room. He feels the crackling flash of cool blackness that hovers in the ether whenever a demon appears. His grace bears its teeth.
The hope is tamped down as quickly as it had flared. Castiel does not trust Crowley's tone or grin or the way he's pacing ever closer, shuffling through an inch-deep layer of Dean's dirty clothes. There must be a catch here. He straightens his back.
"Yes, I do."
"I'll chew you out for that later. So tell me, bright eyes, what's the occasion?" Dean asks. He's only halfway looking at Cas, being otherwise occupied with daintily peeling each tomato off of his burger. It is difficult for Cas not to stare and chide himself for getting the order wrong.
“I’ve packed for a hunt before, you know. Yeah, yeah, and a Rand Mcnally and some condoms, too, right?”
But he wants it. God, does he want it. He'll go to the door and pound on the bell until Lisa comes to let him in and she'll gasp and her beautiful eyes will soften at the look of his broken, battered heart and they'll embrace there under the awning in a fit of longing while Ben waits silently at the sides for his almost-dad to hug him, too, and then -
"Oh, well, since you put it
"No, nothing like that. It's something more...involved."
"They're going poorly," Cas says, his voice coarse and steady. Lying would be a waste of energy at this point, and it's not like Cas is very good at it. The war against Raphael has been a dismal mess. Castiel does not have enough soldiers, not enough loyalty, not enough power. That's how this whole disgusting arrangement with Crowley had been conceived in the first place.
"Hm?" Cas wonders if Dean means the trees.
"What is it? What's the plan? You got a spell, a hoodoo curse, a really loose crossroads demon, what? More important, what do you need me to do?" Dean's watching Cas again, his food forgotten in front of him as more pressing issues come to light, but now it's the angel's turn to look away. The plan is not one Dean will be thrilled with.
"I'm doing all I can, given the current circumstances."
"It's cold by now,” Cas offers, side-eying the sandwich.
"Cool it, Romeo. Sure, you can bring the weeping ape with you. But he’s not my responsibility if he goes mental down there. It's not a place for mortals."
"You? Whatd’ya mean, ‘you,’ white man? Wings or not, Cas, you're not the only one who gets a say in the whole 'rescuing my brother' plan, especially not when it's as freaking insane as this one."
"Then I don't have much of a choice."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh, it's nothing, really. Just an idea. A suggestion."
“How did you know I was here, Crowley?” Cas says, not giving him the honor of any eye contact. He keeps his gaze on Dean’s squalor, depressing though it may be.
"What we need is a human hunter. A Winchester, to be exact. They're the best in the business," Crowley says, the way he might speak fondly of a tenacious breed of dog.
If Dean notices his inner conflict, he gives no signal. Dean seems to have forgotten where he is. His eyes cast downward, then back up at Cas, searching his face for any sign of a caveat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas folds his hands in front of him and looks at Dean straight on, wanting to make sure that there's no confusion.
"Oh. Of course. This is for you." Cas shoves the sack across the table, only to have Dean rip it open as his face lights up with long-missed excitement.
“Why would we need condoms?” Cas squints. Something about the word, hazed with taboo in human language, combined with the way Dean is wiggling his eyebrows, makes Cas deeply uncomfortable. Pink heat creeps up his neck.
"Really? You're really sure?" Dean cuts him off before he can mention Sam again. "Because I don't think you have any idea. I spent forty goddamned years being eaten from the inside out down in that S'n'M nuthouse. I don't care how many scrolls you’ve read, you can't convince me that you're prepared for that."
Dean chuckles like he doesn't mean it and rubs at his forehead. "You know what I mean. I can't let you get all the glory for dragging your sorry ass through hell to rescue
"Then spill it, man. I finally got a lead on Sammy and I'm not gonna let you play
“Well, I haven’t seen you in ages. I figured you were too busy taking care of your dickhead siblings to worry about what’s going on down here.” Dean’s smile wanes. “You're not the kind of guy to show up with presents just to shoot the shit, you know? Something's up."
Drop a comment if you have any thoughts to share! :) I'll see ya'll next week!
Crowley turns away, apparently done with the interaction, and Cas feels the familiar wave of relief that means he'll soon be rid of the demon's distasteful company. Rid of Crowley and blessed with a job to do - one that’s more righteous than his recent projects. Cas has thinking to do about this. It's only at the last second that he shoots out a hand in the international gesture for "stop," catching Crowley halfway through his little finger-snap routine.
“Creepy,” he imagines Dean saying.
This is why Castiel is losing. This is how he wound up making deals with demons. This is how he ended up searching for purgatory.
"I..."
The porch light of a familiar house shines through the Impala's windshield. Dean is thankful for something to look at that isn't dripping awnings or muddy shadows or puddles on asphalt, if only for an instant. Then a new pang hits him. It fights with the Sam-grief for space in Dean's already worn-thin consciousness.
"Really? You're gonna stick with that? Why don't you tell me what's
"I have been..." Human convention tells Castiel that this is where the word "fine" would go, but that would be a lie. He searches for a more appropriate term as he sets the bag of junk food down in front of Dean. "Things are not going well, but they are being managed."
Castiel tolerates harshness from few in the world besides Dean. Still, he thinks that his human’s turmoil has earned a place at their table, so he presses past it.
"This. This is pathetic. The Great Dean Winchester, homeless and plastered and too damned depressed to change his underwear. It's pathetic." Crowley steps up beside Castiel. The angel can make out his snarky darkness out of the corner of his eye.
He's got a silver flask in his hand, Cas notes, as he pops into existence a few yards away.
"Need any help with it?" Dean asks, his eyebrows perked and looking awake for the first time in the conversation.
There's a gasp of shadow and Crowley is gone. Cas's grace lets out a great sigh. Having the demon so close knots him up, it itches his spine and (for lack of a better term) ruffles his feathers.
This is one of the few times he's found the human outside in the elements, where the sun can get to him. Usually Dean is hiding somewhere more than hunting, and sleeping more than living. Cas tries not to let himself get too optimistic. Dean is, after all, slumped over a picnic table in the courtyard of a junky motel. There's a tree nearby that casts a neat shadow across the pitiful recreation area. Even without the shade, Dean would still have an aura of darkness hanging over him.
"Yeah, well, I'd rather see you than some pretentious guy in a dress. How've you been, man?" Dean asks, settling back down into his spot on the picnic table. He reaches for his flask and begins screwing the cap back on, which Cas takes as an indication that he can move closer.
"Civil war is a terrible necessity. Even the finest soldiers aren’t meant to war against their brethren. If you've got something to tell me, then do it. Otherwise, I'll ask that you go."
"Watch the tone, darling. You wouldn't want to upset your sweetheart after he's had such a hard day at work."
"Stop making it sound like a date."
“You could say so. My brother Raphael has become displeased with the lack of power he possesses. I have been trying to stop him from getting out of hand," Cas says evenly, selecting his words with all the precision of a sniper.
“I do.”
"About Sam."
agreed to serve Hell before they could even get you on the rack."
It's been like this for days. Maybe five or ten minutes of peace before the memory of Sam's absence finds him again. His pain always finds something new. Dean misses Sam's stupid books taking up room in the backseat. He misses Sam's snoring and his bitchy feelings-talk and he misses - no, he needs - something that feels like home because God, Dean thinks, people aren't meant to be so bared and alone.
Sam's the only reason he doesn't. Not that instant, anyway. His brother's instructions hang heavy in his mind, vivid and dense, because they're the reason he's here.
Dean finds himself quietly raging at memory-Sam for suggesting something so stupid. "Be happy." What a load of shit. How dare he. Dean doesn't want to be happy, he doesn't want to love or feel or recover. He wants to soak in his own misery like a cockroach in its own filth and memory-Sam can just shut the hell up for suggesting otherwise.
Cas lets a raspy scoff escape from his lips despite Dean's suddenly affronted expression. "I'm not a fledging, Dean. I have some idea of the kind of obstacles that will be involved in this venture. Travelling through Hell won't be pleasant, but if it means -"
For a second Dean manages to draw his attention away from his food, at least long enough to raise an eyebrow.
"Cute, Cas. And if we all believe in ourselves and hold hands under a rainbow, we can solve world hunger and win a trip to Maui."
“I wasn’t...I wasn’t sure.”
"Yeah, I heard that part, smartass." All of the near-comatose good-naturedness that Cas has seen up until now vanishes, leaving Dean a shifting ball of tension. Cas is glad that he had the foresight to bring the Winchester a lard-soaked peace offering. "What about Sam? Spit it out, Cas."
"I do not think this plan is as ill-advised as you do. I have done it once before, after all. That rescue seemed to work out well for all involved," Cas says, trying a small smile to see if this will tide Dean over. With a self-conscious motion, Dean's hand wanders to the mark on his shoulder, but he drops his arm back under the table as fast as he'd lifted it.
"I don't want to do that." Cas crosses his legs to relieve a little tension, and notices that Dean stretches and does the same.
"'Ello?! You alive in there, feathers? Blimey, I wouldn't have come looking for you if I'd known you were going to act lobotomized. War is hell, eh, Cassie?"
Cas tilts his head, letting the thoughts roll back and forth before he commits. “The Horseman rings, for one. Ammunition. Salt and holy water.”
So that's it. He's done. All this scar-picking has been for nothing. They have no need for him.
Castiel feels a snap of hope in his grace at the idea of getting Sam. Bring Sam home. Fix Dean. Everything shines with rightness.
(A muscle tenses in Dean's neck and fear glazes his eyes for an instant.)
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't think there are any other options. Unless you've...?"
"You're correct. I may have some good news, Dean," Cas says.
, Cormac McCarthy
Castiel flattens his palms on the picnic table, trying to find something steady to center himself on as Dean becomes more agitated.
Only men who have given up live like this.
"What'd you bring?"
"What's right, then?" Crowley says, his voice snapping at Cas and clearing away any lingering hints at levity. "Your angel boys are even worse at monster hunting than my demon lot are. At this rate the only way we'll make it into purgatory is if they have a bloody open house."
Something does shift, and it's not the Impala. A bulky shape comes to the front window - one that's wide at the top and bare-headed enough that it can only be a man - and shuts the front curtains. The meager light that had been leaking out onto the street vanishes, and Dean can hear the faint sound of laughter as someone else clicks off the porch light.
Crowley's eyes widen and Dean sniffles in his sleep as the angel says his name. It takes a moment for the stupidest grin Cas has ever seen to slide over Crowley's face, and nothing about the expression is disarming.
"Dean is not -" Cas begins, prepared to flee or fight if he must to end this asinine conversation.
For the tenth time, Castiel lets his gaze slide over to Dean, none the wiser for all their bickering about him and his brother's future. Since they've been here the man has stretched out a little more, found himself in a more comfortable position. He does not look any less pained. Castiel thinks of enjoying the Winchesters' company again, friendship and banished loneliness, the way things had been before. He thinks of being one step closer to ending this Raphael madness.
Castiel feels his jaw tighten, his teeth grinding together and his vision narrowing as he glares at one of the dark, dirty corners of the hotel room.
Crowley rounds on him, stubby fingers clenching and unclenching into fists. "I'd stow it with that snarky routine, birdbrain. You're the one who's got something to lose if we can't pry those souls out of purgatory. I'll just be out an investment, but you'll be out...well, everything."
Whatever joke this is supposed to be sails over Cas's head, even as he realizes that Dean is being aggressively sarcastic. It's a favorite defense mechanism among humans, and it helps Cas realize that he may be fighting a losing battle.
"So you're stuck playing peacemaker?"
"If you are capable of reaching Sam, then why not get him on your own?"
"Whatever. He's your problem, not mine. Until he and his brother are put back together, that is."
"There are some advantages to being the perfectly created servants of the one true God, yes." Cas's grace smiles wider as Crowley's face twists into a grimace.
"With you? Down...back...down there? To the...? What for, Cas?"
It's a trigger word if Cas has ever seen one. Dean's posture shifts like he's been shot, all bunched muscles and bracing for pain. Even his pupils dilate. It passes quickly. Dean forces himself to calm back down with a deep breath and a squeeze to his sandwich that almost launches a pickle across the table. Cas's angel eyes don't miss much. Dean swallows whatever is in his mouth and chases it with a gulp from his newly-reopened flask.
This time he has nothing to go back to. Sam is gone.
Rain is falling. It's the misty, boggy sort of rain, the kind that hangs in the air and sticks to the ground and trees like moss. Everything drips and is soaked to the core. This rain will last for hours, days if it could, taking its time as it drenches anything not roofed in. This kind of rain makes day and night indistinguishable because everything becomes grey skies and thick wind that slides like magma more than blowing.
The Impala inches closer to its destination, closing an invisible gap, and Dean Winchester winds himself tighter and tighter with every passed stop sign and streetlight. He can't feel his hands on the steering wheel nor the gnawing of the seatbelt against his neck. The radio might as well be playing the
Home had always been wherever Sammy was. Thinking otherwise had been stupid of him.
The color of Dean’s soul wavers as mixed emotions war within him. Dean scrubs one hand across his face, while the other is busy unscrewing the top of the flask that he's been holding onto like a beloved stuffed animal. He takes a swig, flinching as he does so, and Cas doesn't understand why Dean thinks he needs an excuse like whiskey to look so pained.
Is this a plea or an accusation? Cas has no idea. Dean has never been easy to read. Even the colors of his soul can be infuriatingly vague. These months of separation and binge-drinking have made things much worse. Both of their voices are harsh with disuse and their eyes weak from exhaustion and Cas feels like they are speaking through a veil.
Cas honestly does not know what thoughts are his and which are his friends'. Crowley's honeyed words are not helping. The madness above him is not helping.
Cas balls his fist into his trench coat but he manages not to interrupt.
"Would you go, then?" Castiel asks.
"Sorry to hear that. What's up? Family problems?" Dean casts a brief glance upward, indicating heaven, and fails to hide a twitch at the word "family."
"I guess you did," Dean admits, his voice a little softer as he lets his hooded gaze wander to the table's faded surface. "Once. But this is the Cage, man. This is Lucifer. I mean, do you know what you're getting into here?"
"In the Cage with Lucy. I know. You think I need a rehash every time you scratch your ass, too? And you're right.
But he still doesn't get out. The Impala stays in "drive," with Dean's foot planted on the brake, and he can't even bring himself to park it. He watches the shadows of Ben and Lisa move around their home and tries not to think about how foreign the word "home" is to him.
Crowley explodes with barking laughter. "Ulterior motives? Me? You've got a laundry list of trust issues to work through, mate. I've got no trick here, other than what I've told you. Now stop buggering around with this ‘details’ nonsense and tell me if you're in or not."
Castiel hardly feels like a master of espionage at the moment. There is nothing suave or sneaky about watching Dean from the corner of this rundown motel bedroom. Dean is folded into a clump of pale-skinned limbs and stubble on the room's single bed, nested amidst papers and books with leather covers. He's asleep - no, passed out - in such an uncomfortable-looking position that Cas knows he must have drunk himself there. The one-and-a-half empty bottles of cheap whiskey on the nightstand don't lie.
Inside the house there's a flicker of lights as someone walks into a different room. The front windows illuminate and Dean fights the jerk of "run, you bastard!" instinct that overtakes him.
There is a younger, more bitter part of him that resents this. "Brainwashing" is what the Winchesters would call it, these ethics that heaven instilled in him before he was wise or strong enough to think for himself. The things he does now are things he must do for the greater good, ancient morality be damned.
Dean chuckles and grins and starts unpeeling his gift. "I'll be damned. This is my third favorite joint in the country, you know? Favorite on the east coast. You did good, Cas. Thanks."
"I don't need to eat, Dean."
It doesn't matter. Nothing much matters anymore. He can't tolerate more of this, so he snaps the Impala back into "drive" and begins drifting back down the street. A drink sounds good right about now. Maybe ten drinks. Maybe a drink for every stupid fucking thing he's done until his memory is wiped clean.
All of this quarrels inside Dean's sleep-deprived brain. It wars like Hell and Heaven, keeping him still and tense like a caged animal. He keeps watching Lisa and Ben's house through the murky rain, hoping for a glimpse of them proper, something that will be enough to shift him into action instead of sitting here on his ass stewing in his own melancholy.
"No. I think that I can manage. Thank you for the offer, though. I will consider it if things change," he says, unwilling to say "you cannot help," which is another cruel truth that Dean must be sheltered from.
with it."
Cas is only trying to be hypothetical, but Dean flinches like a child expecting to be struck and makes the angel regret this method of argument. In all honesty, Castiel had not expected that it would be such a chore convincing Dean to let him rescue his beloved little brother.
"Sure. Of course. But the fucked-up things I’d do for my family aren't things I'd expect from anybody else.”
Cas has no idea what Dean is talking about, so he answers. "I am going to physically travel to Hell and break into the Cage. The Cage is well-guarded, and my support system is not what it once was. But it should be doable," Cas says, tilting his head toward Dean in the hopes that this will soothe him.
He can hear the voice of the Sam-who-once-was telling him that guilt does it. That Cas knows deep down that no good can come of associating with the demon, and yet still he does it against all of his better training. Against his better judgment and conscience.
"Well, too bad. How's tricks with Raphael?"
"It won't be the same as it was, Dean."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Dean has nothing to do with this. With us. Tell me what you're getting at, Crowley. Now."
baby brother."
The boys are reunited :)
"Come...come with you?"
As the war grows worse, he visits Dean more and more. Often he gets close to speaking to the hunter, but something keeps him silent. The grieving Winchester is the only person he can find who feels appropriately despondent. But then Castiel remembers that his job is to protect Dean, not burden him with the impending restarting of the apocalypse, and that forces him silent. Watching.
"I don't have much of a choice when you say it like that, do I?"
"Yeah, well, your best is shite. I'm sick of your best. I'd like to see his best," and Crowley dips the side of his head toward Dean's crumpled form lying on top of the streaked bedspread.
"Oh, you think so, mate? I hadn't realized. I thought our hairy friend here was friggin' meditating."
"I know! I know. Dean's shit without his moose of a brother. So we'll just get him back, yeah? Fetch Sammy, stick him with Dean, the family's back together and we'll have the world's best hunting dogs in our debt. Can't imagine it didn't occur to me earlier."
"You went halfway across the country to bring me a bypass burger?"
“Cool.”
The wall that Dean has built up around himself, carefully constructed not to feed any optimism, quivers with doubt. His face is tight with the pain of hoping. Cas sees this, but Dean's accusations come from all over and Cas is not entirely sure how to follow or deflect them. He sighs, clasping his fingers together, giving Dean every chance he can to calm down before speaking again.
Happy Friday, everyone! Hope this chapter finds you well :)
"Talk!" Cas snaps, his voice curling into a snarl that for an instant gets away from him,. Dean groans and mutters in his sleep before rolling over into a different position. Damn it.
Dean wants to be grateful because the choice has already been made without his input. No guilt of walking away. But he feels that contrary pang of yet another place he doesn't belong, yet another home he'll never have, yet another emptiness that will never be filled and dear god, when did he become such a chick?
"No. No. C'mon, Cas. You know I'd give anything...my life, my soul, this burger, all to have Sammy back. Don't make me rehash it. Please," Dean begs as he stares at Cas straight on, daring a fearful moment of eye contact. His gaze is damp and green, pierced with seriousness. "But you risking your skinny, feathery ass alone in the world's biggest torture chamber doesn't sit right with me."
can't get at Sam. Not unless I open up a few doors for you, that is."
This vocal fixation on excrement is one that Castiel doesn't appreciate, but he nods nonetheless. "Of course. Whatever you need. I can be ready to leave at any time.”
"What?" Cas growls, still not turning. Dean cannot hear them and continues his fitful sleep. He shifts restlessly and kicks at another empty liquor bottle on the bed that Cas had not noticed before.
Across the picnic table, Dean's jaw twitches and he looks away, down at the woodgrain, over to a clump of scraggly trees that line the motel courtyard. He isn’t breathing so much as he’s huffing. When he speaks, his voice is low and much steadier than before.
asks the part of him that's keeping the Impala frozen in the mists
"You always have a choice, Dean," Cas says emphatically, because free will is a pet cause of his and he resents that Dean would think he'd take it from him.
"You're welcome. I'm only sorry I neglected the pie."
"Yeah, whatever," Dean waves a hand at him before he sets his jaw and his expression hardens. "I can't say I'm thrilled at the idea of taking a road trip through my worst nightmares but...I'll come with you. For Sam's sake, if not yours."
"Oh. Yeah. True enough. What can I say, I'm a sensitive soul," and Crowley flashes a toothy and mean-spirited grin that needles Cas with discomfort.
“I am not so cruel as to torture you with false hope, Dean!” Cas snaps, feeling the need to defend himself.
Something stops him from finishing the thought. Something that doesn't want to bring any more of Crowley's attention to Dean's broken state than is necessary.
Dean, yet again, moves and groans in his sleep, and it is to this that Cas clings. Here's his newest project. This time when he sees his friend again, he will, at last, have something to say.
Besides all that, Cas has come to realize he is not much of a commander. He wants his soldiers and lieutenants to think for themselves. He wants them to have opinions and use their free will, but the angels are few and far between who can handle such responsibility. Raphael does not share Cas's love affair with free will, and so forces his mooks to obey him ruthlessly and without question.
"What is it?"
There's no such thing as a retired Winchester, Dean knows. He's never loved anything without destroying it.
The goal of getting smashed lodges itself firmly in Dean's thoughts, easy and familiar compared to his other notions such as "happiness" and "family." At least getting drunk is achievable - and soon, too, if he can find a liquor store still open.
"What's wrong, then?" Castiel asks, making no effort to hide his annoyed sigh.
"I've been doing some research and communicating with some associates of mine. I didn't want to visit you until I was certain, but...I think it may be possible to retrieve Sam from the Cage."
"Sam. Your brother."
Cas thinks that this is the right combo. He hopes it is. There's tomato, no onion and extra ketchup, all from some seaside shack called "Johnny's" in Delaware. He's carried this greasy bag of french fries and grilled meat and damp bread halfway across the country, and even being able to snap in and out of existence doesn't make the package any more savory.
"I'm sorry."
way, why don't you sign me up for a couple's moonlit boatride in the Sulpher Lake, huh?" Dean says, and though snark bites his words, Castiel thinks that the worst of this debate is over. He lets his vessel breathe a little freer and feels his spine loosen. Sitting on this hard bench has gotten uncomfortable without his noticing.
Dean’s eyes can’t seem to move from Castiel’s body. The lamp is knocked somewhere on the ground casting dark shadows over his body, but he thinks he sees blood. Is that…are his hands bound with a belt? Dean’s clenches his teeth so tightly it hurts.
It doesn’t make any sense. In all his millennia of time he’s never come across or heard of a monster that’s sole purpose is to seek out and… No. That’s a human based evil. As much as mankind may want to blame on the demons and evils of the world, it’s simply lust and greed that drive them to take what isn’t theirs to take. Of course demons do some of the same, but humans are capable of committing even the vilest of sins without the help of hell. But shifters? He’s never heard of one that changes forms just to rape.
With that being said, everyone enjoy Castiel’s POV. ^_^
Dean’s fingers dip in and grip tightly in Castiel’s hair, it is borderline painful. Some dark part of himself loves it, but he shoves away he thought quickly. He bites his lip to suppress a moan as Dean closes his lips around where he bit, sucking on it again. The quick but steady flicks from the tip of Dean’s tongue are making his body react without his consent. No matter how wrong and unsafe it might be, in this moment, he could care less.
Castiel averts his eyes back down to Dean and listens to his steady murmurs. The pitying eyes of The King of Hell isn’t something he ever thought he’d see from the demon, and it defiantly isn’t something he can deal with right now.
Castiel’s arms drop, wrapping around them and pulling Dean somehow even closer against him. It’s as if their bodies were designed by Fate herself for how perfectly they slot together. Even though Cas is a few inches shorter than him it’s never mattered. Just like now, Dean leans over and brushes a few light kisses over Castiel’s neck as if the marks themselves might convey how sorry is for having to end up where they are now. Burying his head into Castiel’s shoulder, Dean lets himself just breathe in the moment, and finally, his thoughts seem to quiet for the first time in weeks.
Castiel’s hand reaches out and grabs Dean’s wrist before he can even open his mouth to protest. The words on his tongue die as Cas steps closer, invading his personal space, catching his eyes for just a moment before yanking up his sleeve and letting out a low growl. Dean sets his jaw, and when Castiel looks back up meeting his eyes once more, Dean refuses to waver.
“Cas?” Dean says pushing himself off him and sitting up, crouched in a way that doesn’t look very comfortable in between Cas’ legs. “Are you okay? Do you want to stop? Shit, I wasn’t thinking. We’re probably moving too fast and rushing. Fuck, I’m so sorry. We probably just need to – ”
letting people die?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He hears the groan of the Impala door opening and closing before a shadow falls over him. “What the hell did you do?”
“A lot of our clients have gone elsewhere because they don’t want your stink over their cars,” Benny continues talking like Dean hasn’t even spoken at all. Being so blatantly ignored has never been such a slap in the face before, and, if at all possible, becomes even more pissed off. “A lot of them nowadays don’t trust some bitch working with. Can’t say I blame ‘em.”
He knows he should be sleeping, or at least not drinking alcohol at nine o’clock in the morning. But his mind can’t seem to shut off the fucked up things the wife and her husband were screaming at him (or really, anyone that was in ear shot of listening), even while they were being cuffed and shoved into the back of a police car. The little girl’s tear streaked face and wide, terrified eyes will probably haunt his dreams for a long time. He doesn’t need to be a fly on the wall to know that couple tried to shove a bunch of bullshit at the little girl, trying to convince her that her dad’s were evil.
From pulling Dean from Hell and remolding his Righteous Man, his grace is infused to every atom and that Dean Winchester is. Even though the amount inside him is hardly nothing in the scheme of things, Dean is bonded and tied to him in such a profound way Castiel wouldn’t be able to stay away even if he wanted to – God knows they’ve been down that road. Dean doesn’t only just share his grace. It’s deeper than that. When Castiel gripped him tight and pulled him out of hell, his grace touched Dean’s soul. As his hands and grace remade Dean, he watched as his grace reached out and entwined itself into Dean’s soul, claiming this Righteous Man as his own.
But this?
By the time they reach reach the short distance to the door Dean is half holding up, half carrying Castiel. The red flaking paint of their motel room door looks the next strong breeze that hits it is going to strip it bare. The bronze number eight hangs slightly askew enough that Dean wonders how it is even staying on the door at all. Dean steals one last look at Castiel, ignoring the pull that comes from deep inside his chest. Castiel shivers again and Dean’s smile fades.
He starts walking towards the light of the house, leaving Crowley standing there looking less sick and more uncomfortable. All he wants to do is just get what they came for and get back to Castiel. Whatever it takes, he is going to get that Blade and make things right again. He refuses to let Castiel down again. This is a step closer to earning back his trust and come hell or high water he’s going to show him that he can make this right.
Dean looks back up at Castiel just as the alpha opens his eyes, just a tiny sliver of blue barely left, the rest swallowed by a deep, dark crimson. Knowing that the alpha’s words about him dying might not actually be wrong now is not the time to begin to start having gay panic. He’s positive that that and some self hate will come around later when he’s stuck in a hospital room, having to explain this shit to his little brother.
Sam’s fingers spread over his neck, gently poking and kneading in some areas. It all feels sore, but not enough he’s going to give these two any reason to worry. The tension in the room is heavy. He can feel Cas’ presence standing beside and knows without even looking that his alpha is watching every movement Sam’s fingers make against his neck. It’s annoying, but Dean guesses he gets it. Still, so far nothing hurts bad enough that he can understand why they’re both freaking out so much. Dean’s about to make some sort of comment or joke to cut through some of the tension when he hisses, flinching back as Sam’s finger brushes again his skin.
“I totally agree with you,” Dean says, lowering his arms as they both move away from one another. “But in this case I need Cas here to fill me in on parts that I’m missing.”
Annoyance laced with hints of anger flicker up inside Dean. The first real emotions he can remember having in weeks. As much as he wants to react, slam Gordon up against the wall and yell into his face, Dean keeps his body relaxed and face passive. Impulsiveness is what the guy is looking for. Any reason to poke and prod at his misery just to get him going.
“What can I say? I got the taste back.” He replies looking around at the hundreds of bodies buried around them.
“If it was anyone else I’d completely agree,” Sam says quietly. “But he’s an angel with grace that’s been unable to replenish. He was sick before…” Dean hears him shifting on his feet before he sighs heavily. “Is there even coming back from this?”
“How long, Cas?” Dean says slowly, lowering his voice in hopes it sounds more calm.
The alpha voice instantly makes Dean feel like his throat as closed, lips pursing tightly as he fights with himself before tilting his head to the side to expose his neck. He grits his teeth, hating himself to submitting before jerking it back up and glares back at the alpha. Judging by the look on Castiel’s face he already knew how pissed he was just by his scent.
“I – I – I don’t – I didn’t mean to – ” Castiel stammers trying to push himself back as much as he can with them being tied together.
It’s an automatic response at this point. He could probably be so far under with those sleep meds he refuses to take and still respond with the same response. It’s a pure knee-jerk reaction to anything involving his late husband.
He turns around and shoulders past Dean into the garage. Dean stumbles backwards, caught completely off guard by the way Benny’s acting. Is this about his bite? Is this an alpha thing? Dean can’t tell if he’s pissed or just weird out, but either way there isn’t anything either of them can do about it. Dean follows Benny into the garage and watches his coworker hit the buttons to close the garage doors.
Dean sighs and lowers the cup giving his brother a sad smile. Saying thank you would be a lie. He’s tired. Tired of living like this. Honestly he has no idea how he’s made it this far without being claimed, but now that he has, he refuses to live the rest of the life with this ache inside him. Dean doesn’t have the first idea how to even describe it to Sam without sounding like some broken-hearted chick. But he wont lie to Sam. His brother saved his life and the kid deserves the truth, at least, even if it takes away that smile.
But then again, if he’s going to die, he doesn’t really need his grace anyway.
“Dean, I don’t think –”
The warmth of Castiel’s hand gripped over his skin almost felt natural, like it belonged, so when he pulls it back all at once, Dean’s skin erupts into goosebumps at the coldness.  “Stop.” Castiel’s command is full of power and dominance, leaving no room for debate. Dean snaps his open mouth shut and ducks his head.
The sudden chill of the temperature and loosing the support has Castiel’s body locking up and he begins collapsing. Sam is immediately there again, grabbing his arm before he hits the ground. Castiel’s eyes never leave Dean’s who just stares back at him like he might be ill.
Dean slams his fist down on the table. “Fucking lube comes out of my ass, Sammy! You gotta fix that!”
“You, uh, you said I would die,” Dean mumbles, staring at the floor mats his feet are resting on. “And I just thought, maybe, I don’t know, you would want to know that I didn’t?”
“That’s right,” Benny nods. “‘Member readin’ it in the paper all those years ago. Thought about gettin’ in touch with ya, but figured you’d need some time to, uh, ya know...”
Some part of his brain is pulling at him, telling him to just lean back inside the car. One more smell inside the car won’t hurt. Dean takes a step forward, eyes fixed on front seat that just waits for him to lean back in. His feet take him forward as he begins to lean over to duck inside when his foot hits something that clangs against the pavement.
With a growl, Dean slams down a wrench on the table and spins around. “What the fuck is your problem? Seriously?”
Sam walks around to the closet by the front door and pulls out two jugs of holy water with rosaries floating inside each of them and a syringe. “I made a stop by some church outside of Kansas to have it blessed by a priest.”
Instead of replying, Castiel sits back and pulls at Dean’s boxers and pants with one quick yank. Dean hisses as his cock bobs free, curving upwards towards his stomach. It’s an inelegant fumble trying to rid Dean of his clothing. With him kicking and shimmying and Cas pulling and tugging, they finally get them off and tossed somewhere on the floor behind them. Looking back over to Dean sprawled out on the bed, Castiel loses any coherent thoughts about what he was doing, or how he was going to tease the man below him. Dean lays there with a beautiful red flush across his chest, spreading up his neck to his face. He has his long, leaking dick in his hand. If he couldn’t tell by looking, he can tell that Dean used some of the lube for himself just by the obscene sounds coming from him. Castiel’s mouth actually waters as he looks down at Dean’s gorgeous dick, knowing he can taste that whenever he wants to, now.
"Jesus Christ!" Dean roars, losing a few drops of precious liquor in his fearful spasm. He throws one leg over the side of the picnic bench as though he's only seconds from running, and does not calm much once he catches sight of Cas. Instead his dark-ringed eyes widen and his features crinkle with a smile. His damp, tamped-down soul flares like a dying ember.
Castiel does not relish these visits. Each one is becoming more morose. Each time he sees Dean from behind his ethereal shield, his friend wears thinner. His shirts do not fit. He wears his clothes until they are so dirty the colors don't show, and then instead of washing them he steals new ones from the lost-and-founds of YMCAs. At least once, Cas knows, Bobby has sent the Winchester away on account of his drinking and refusal to move for days at a time.
In truth Cas is not. Far from it. But he doesn't mind Crowley being misinformed about that. "I am as my creator made me, which is more than I can say for you."
"You won't be a prisoner this time. I will be with you."
"No. I have a request. May I bring Dean with me?"
"There are also fries."
"Live a normal apple-pie life, Dean. Find a family. Make yourself happy."
"So? They're good this way. Here, try it."
Castiel holds it under one arm as he looks for Dean.
Castiel moves away as Crowley strides up to him from around the bed, trying to keep the demon away from Dean. Crowley is the kind of sadist who would let Dean see him just long enough to stir up nightmares.
He doesn't need his brain to find where he's going. He's visited this location a dozen times, maybe more in his dreams. Always during breaks between hunts or as a side-trip while headed somewhere else. This is the first time he's never been on a schedule, but taking his time feels neither relaxing nor easy.
"Ha! You want to take your boyfriend on a little vacation, is that it? Can't say I'm surprised. Seems awful formal for a hussy like our boy here, though. He'd probably give it up for a Little Debbie. An exclusive trip through Hell probably wouldn't be necessary."
And then he thinks that honoring Sam's last request is the least he can do. Sam is writhing in hell at this very moment all to save the world. To save Dean in particular, he knows, and this flares in its own special, acutely hurtful way.
“On our way back we should swing through and see Claire. It’s been awhile.” He forces a laugh glancing over to the stoic angel still looking out the window. “What’da say, Cas? I can give Jody a call and – ”
Around one o’clock in the morning Dean manages to wake his brother up enough that he can help him clumsily stumble to his unchanged, old bedroom. Instead of waiting on the couch for Castiel, he gets himself ready for bed and climbs in. Even as exhausted he is from the entire night he doesn’t sleep. Instead he lies awake staring at the ceiling trying, and failing, not to think about everything.
Warm lips press against his cheek and Dean can hardly help a whimper that comes out. He leans his face face into the retreating warmth of those lips, his skin hungry for more. Castiel’s rough five o’clock shadow scrapes against his own as he chases the kiss, nuzzling against anything he can, almost drunk with how good everything feels just to
Castiel grits his teeth as his fists clinch painfully. He needs to get to Dean. He hates that he is human – grounded – and unable to fly to wherever Dean needs him. He hears another muffle scream and something like a crash over the phone. He watches Sam’s knuckles turn white as he grips the phone tighter.
“Alive,” Castiel whispers, looking away from him and clearing his throat. “I didn’t – I
“Enough,” Sam says quiet, but firm.
“Since the moment I first touched your soul in hell,” he replies barely in a whisper, as if confessing a sin. “As I remade you, I engraved a spell on your bones, sealing away the secret. Since you were made with my grace, some of it transferred into me. I…I had to. You were part of God’s plan —”
Filling up the needle with the blood, Castiel casts a quick prayer up to his Father that this will work. Sam is already by the door waiting for him when he turns to it.
“Dean?” Sam asks, pausing his fingers.
“Don’t think I will,” she says smirking back at him.
Rolling her eyes, Charlie gives Bobby and Cas an annoyed look while all Dean can still manage to do is just sit there, trying to wrap his head around what Charlie is saying. Or what he guess Charlie is saying.
He bites his trembling lip and looks straight ahead past Castiel to the wall behind him, not even carrying that the tears were falling freely now. “Thirty years I said no and then I couldn’t do it anymore. I got off that rack, God help me, I got right off it and I started ripping them apart. I lost could of how many souls…all the things I did to them…”
advised to consider selling or finding an alpha or beta to take over. Even thinking about selling Bobby’s business to some dick head off the street makes Dean’s blood boil. Just because he got the shit end of the stick doesn’t mean he’s worthless. He’s the same person he’s always been, his ass just leaks when he’s horny now.
Blinking furiously, he pushes against the strongest biological pull he’s ever known to just bare his neck to the alpha. Little spots of his vision begin to clear as feeling in his limbs he didn’t realize he’d lost start prickling into life again. Dean tilts his head enough to the side to see Benny out of the corner of his vision. He’s close enough to him that Dean doesn’t even hesitate before spitting right in his face, using the momentary surprise of his actions to raise his hands and rake his nails down the alphas face.
Someone calls his name again, but this time it sounds closer. The faerie looks him up and down before giving him a small smile. “I can’t tell you that.”
Castiel shakes his head, pausing his steps trying to gain some clarity. Dean would never hurt him. It wasn’t Dean, it was a shifter.
Dean jumps as his phone starts ringing. He grabs it off the table and swipes answer.
‘Ello loves!
“Not too bright, this one,” the voice sighs.
It’s about when he hits what use to be St. Louis (or at least he thinks that’s what this city use to be) that he notices a dark skinned human standing in the center of the highway, rifle held loosely in their hands. The closer he gets Dean expects the man to raise his gun at him, which honestly it wouldn’t be the first time. There’s always one or two every few years that tries to kill him, but this man remains relaxed.
Sam’s calls become sporadic, more or less just five minute calls either filling him in with new information or apologizing because a new omega bite victim came in and he has to cancel their weekly dinner plans. To date, none of his new patients want to belong to whoever bit them. The first one they checked into the hospital went through something like withdrawals because she’d been away from the alpha too long. Eventually, her body shut down. Sam is desperately trying to find a way to reverse the blood bond.
“Eh, the usual,” he says, shrugging out of the left arm of the jacket.
And still people, including Dean, acted like the world was overreacting. That it couldn’t be “that bad” and it was mostly just a giant media scare because of it being an election year. Probably.
to hit, but it never comes. Castiel scent surrounds him, practically screaming comfort and safety. He finds himself leaning into his side, slowly stopping the itching to just slowly rubbing the parts of his skin where he feels phantom touches from the two beta’s.
“What the – I’ll fucking kill him!” He snarls, spinning around, looking around the parking lot. “Castiel!”
“I need to remind you that you are under oath,” he says to the the smirking man Dean has been spending the last three years trying to hide from. The man just gives the judge a small nod before leaning back in the chair, looking as unfazed as he had before the courtroom erupted into chaos. “Mr. Winchester you may continue questioning.”
he’s treating him like he’s actually some sort of decent human after what he just did. Out of all people Cas should have some sort of knowledge about how fucked up everything is with what just happened with Gordon. Dean thinks that since Cas is here, that means he has to know at least some sort of what happened. Surely Charlie must have filled Cas in to –
Sam doesn’t even pay him a glance, continuing on like Dean hasn’t even spoken. “Basically omega bodies are considered one hundred percent perfect for bearing, uh, offspring, which is why the alpha’s are seeming to go ballistic when they smell one. I mean, it’s not all the time, but when the omega’s get closer to, um, a certain time when their body kind of…” Dean just stares at his brother watching him turn beat red and gesture dramatically with his hands. “You know.” He coughs and looks back at the computer. “What your body just went through was its way of trying to attract a mate.”
“Fuck you!” Castiel spits out trying to roll away from the shifter and to the opposite side of the bed. “When Sam and Dean –”
Dean just keeps running his fingers through Castiel’s hair, trying to blink back the stinging in his eyes. This is
Castiel opens his mouth to respond right as Dean ducks down, and starts nuzzling his beard against his neck. Castiel laughs in surprise, wiggling and trying to get away from Dean half heartedly as his lover’s strong, warm arms wrap around him, holding him in place.
One hand grips Cas’ button up shirt tightly as the other wraps around his tie, pulling him closer against him. Cas gasps, the noise lost between their mouths kissing the each other like they’ve been starving for it.
It’s taken years to build up the walls needed to keep everything back – everything hidden. But just hearing this voice? This voice… deep inside himself, Dean knows that person speaking is going to give him everything he’s ever wanted and probably more. Somewhere pushed away inside his mind, past the blinding white light stealing his sight, Dean knows this voice. He trusts this voice.
“I was doing it to protect you!” Castiel says reaching out for him.
Unable to meet Sam’s eyes, Castiel looks down at the floor. There isn’t really a good answer for what he did. At least, none that makes any sense. More than anything he’s just ashamed at his actions. He’s ashamed he’s become so weak, useless –  human . What purpose can he serve like this to the brother’s whose lives are in constant danger? If he was unable to protect and save himself, how can he protect the Winchesters? It’s only a matter of time before Sam and Dean realize how pathetic and worthless he is, and are done with him for good.
But this time, (for my peace of mind, at least) do yourselves a favor and take in a deep breath with me. That’s good. Hold it, one...two...three. Good, good. Let it out slowly, one...two...three. Perfect. Now unclench your jaw and straighten up your shoulders. Grab yourselves a quick drink of water and before you read just know that I love each and every one of you beautiful humans.
The third week is filled with frustration over a case that seems to be growing more cold by the minute, and Gordon pressing him for details about the night with the random girl. Dean tries to brush him off, but the guy just wont quit. With the case, there are no real leads to go on. Everyone is just grasping at straws, trying to find
The bell from the door jingles as Castiel sits down in the booth facing the door. A smile spreads over his lips as he sees the moment Dean spots him, his tense shoulders relaxing.
“Let me start off with saying you’re keeping your cute little ass in this bed,” Meg says firmly, helping move Dean back against the pillows. “I’m going to save the whole ‘you should consider yourself blessed’ spiel because obviously you don’t give two shits. Hundreds of omegas would give anything to give anything to be in your shoes, and here you are griping because you actually got to live while they get to die.”
“When I saw you today I didn’t think… And then I smelled you and it was like my body just knew. I’ve never smelled anyone who smelled so good and a scent like yours before, but something in me just knew – ” A low growl rumbles over the phone and Dean moans.
“Who are you? Where am I? Is this hell?” Dean asks.
“Yeah, sorry,” she whispers. “Still at work. Well, kinda. I mean, I’m at the station but I’m off the clock.”
“No, fuck, just listen,” he stumbles back into his bed room, pushing the door shut behind him. “I closed up the garage tonight and there was this alpha that showed up with a flat. Before you get any ideas, he didn’t even touch me. He actually ended up leaving his car for me to fix and going on a walk.”
They yelled at each other until both of them can’t quite remember what they were angry about. But both too stubborn to do anything to fix it, Dean leaves. He drives home too angry and probably too fast so focused on their fight that he doesn’t even remember the drive.
Oh…oh God. He remembers…He remembers everything. “Don’t – don’t touch me!” He yells hoarsely as Dean tries to reach blindly back towards him. Despite the pain intensify at his every movement, he tries to move himself as far back into the seat as he can. “I want to get out! Let me out!”
It’s not okay. Dean hates that he made Cas’ smile go away. Just as he opens his mouth to tell him this, Cas drops his hand and pulls away with a sigh.
“Are you okay?” Castiel asks, his eyes frantically searching Dean’s body for any clue he might be hurt. After everything he’s been through and still his first thought is him. It hurts and warms him at the same time. It should’ve never happened in the first place.
Straightening up his back, Dean puffed out his chest. “S’not little. I help watch my baby brother!”
*~*~*~*
“Show yourself you son of a bitch!” He yells, swiping at the air.
“Damnit!” Sam yells throwing his phone onto the bed he slept in last night.
“Look, all I’m saying is that what Benny did –”
Dean pulls out his dead phone from his pocket and plugs it into the car charger before putting his car into drive and pulling out of the parking lot. He manages to keep his mind clear, focusing just on the sound of the wheels on the pavement the whole ride home. Mind blissfully blank, probably due to some sort of emotional exhausted state, he pulls into his parking space and shuts off the engine. Staring at his thirty percent charged phone slowly powering on that his mind starts to kick back on again.
Dean feels Sam’s eyes on him the whole fifteen minute drive to the diner, but other than directions he doesn’t say anything else. The only parking is off the street and Dean swears loudly when all the spots in front of the place are taken. He ends up parking around the corner, glaring at Sam’s back as he climbs out of the car.
A gut wrenching sob punches its way out of him. His shoulders shake as he tries to stop the tears, but they don’t listen. Castiel’s touch disappears, and for a moment Dean thinks maybe he left him to break down in the diner all by himself, which honestly he deserves, but then there’s a solid presence beside him. Warm, strong, solid arms wrap around him somewhat awkwardly, and Dean turns as best he can to the side before burying his head into Castiel’s chest right before break free.
whispers over and over like scratched cd. He may not have caused the actual marks, but he did this to him.
“I didn’t want to do this over the phone, but seeing as they aren’t allowing me to leave early…”
~                                                                                              ~                                                                                              ~
The receptionist presses her lips together, clearly contemplating his words. Her hand still hovers over the edge of the desk, just a brush away from the button on the underside of it. Castiel doesn’t realize he’s holding his breath until her hand moves and grabs the phone. He lets his breath out into the phone as the lady punches in a few numbers.
“Shh,” he hushes him. “We’ll go home tonight, okay? We’ll try again in the morning.”
“As long as not all of my grace is taken, I will be able to replenish it with rest, yes,” he replies.
Her apartment smells like flowers strong enough that his nose tingles with a sneeze. Her bed has too many pillows on it, and the way her dark hair spills around her head like a halo makes something twist inside Dean. He can’t help feeling like he’s cheating. The girls skin is too soft and smooth under his lips. Dean gropes her perky breasts under her skimpy shirt, listening to the too wrong, too high pitched moan that follows. Trying to focus and get his head in the game, he strips off her tight jeans and red thong all in one go.He spends the next ten minutes with three fingers working inside her as he licks and sucks on her clit, until she’s screaming out, trembling as she comes.
After demanding to talk to each one of the staff working at the diner and coming up with nothing more than wide-eyed stares, Dean digs through his empty pockets desperately again.
He throws the clothing onto the bed and begins stripping out of his dirty clothing quickly. Castiel debates on actually taking a shower. He had almost grown to enjoy the feel of water washing away his filth. As he was growing steadily more and more sick, the heat from the shower seemed to almost pause the inevitable. He had always tried to convince himself that if the water was hot enough it was able to wash away his sins-his shame.
“You’re going to die!”
Castiel’s fingers slowly let go over Dean’s arm, falling away. “We can fix this. We always do.”
Letting his hands drop back to his sides, Dean looks over at his brother. He wants to argue that there’s so many problems with Sammy’s plan, but he doesn’t have it in him to fight anymore. Truthfully, he’s tired. He’s tired of fighting; not only with Sam, but with himself. He doesn’t want to remember how it felt when he was with Castiel (well, what bits he does remember). All the information Sam just threw at him, he needs to process.
All Dean’s life he’s always held himself to some sort higher expectation than…than this. There are people – there are
“I’m going to fix this,” Dean whispers looking back up at Castiel.
He hears his brother say his name, but his voice seems far away. He tries but fails to get any words out asking Cas what he means. Just sitting there, listening to the background noise from wherever his mate is.
Dean’s skin crawls as the beta edges closer. He can practically feel their body heat on him, which only makes his anger and irritation grow with the situation. Dean scents the air, trying to get a read on either one of the douchebags in front of him, but there’s too much going on around them. There are too many people around, and he’s not really in the right headspace to clearly try and work out who is connected to what scent. Realizing he can’t even clearly pick out Castiel’s scent has him getting even more irrationally angry out of nowhere.
Dean’s reaction taunts him as he crosses his arms, lips pursed into a tight smirk. “You aren’t a monster, Dean. I don’t know why you’re trying to convince yourself and everyone else you are. You are kind. You are good.”
spot was what was reconfiguring everything in me.” Turning to Sam, Dean stops pacing and glares at him. “Breaking the bond between an omega and an alpha has to do with the bite mark or the scent gland. Putting pressure on it made me feel like…” Squeezing his eyes shut, Dean shakes his head and lets out another frustrated growl. “I can’t – it’s like – ”
Sam shoves Crowley hard into the nearest wall. Castiel averts his eyes looking down at Dean who begins to stir. “Do you have any idea what Castiel has been through in these last twenty-four hours?”
“I had a flat tire!”
But this is it! We made it. (Finally.)
Dean feels someone behind him before the actual fingers sink into his short hair again, yanking hard enough his eyes tear up and he hisses in pain. His head gets pulled back, neck craned at an awkward angle that’s tilted just right it bares and exposes the left side. In this position it dawns on Dean that for the first time since this virus has hit, this is the first time he’s been one hundred percent helpless.
Dean can’t bring himself to walk to his bedroom for a long time after that, and sits there staring at nothing thinking over and over
“Wouldn’t it be wise to go into this with an actual course of action?” Castiel asks, looking up from the notes.
“You know what,” Dean laughs, breaking their stare as he tips his head back, taking another drink of his water. He slams it on the table with enough force Castiel jumps a little, blinking back up at Dean in question. “Forget it. I just missed you, man. I just got done working this case with a missing little girl and her two dads were just frantic to get…”
Past the eyes and the physical form, Castiel blinks out more tears as he sees Dean’s bright, divine soul shining from within. No matter how long he may live after this, or whatever happens to him, Castiel swears he could never forget how beautifully captivating Dean Winchester’s soul is. There are hardly any words, English or Enochian, that he can say to describe the beauty. And now, after months of not seeing it, it's as if he's seeing sun for the first time after months of rain.
The weight off the shifter disappears over his back enough for Castiel to take in a deep breath. “When I heard the famous angel that travels with the Winchesters wasn’t doing so hot, I knew I’d found my opening for revenge. I mean, in the bigger picture, we have to put up with a lot of shit from you guys.” Castiel hears Dean spit and then the something wet hitting his ass. “Oh, but this, being in love with a fucking angel? I don’t think anyone saw that one coming.”
Castiel hums a reply. For the life of him he can’t remember what exactly the case is that they’re heading for. Silence fills the car and Sam coughs twice in the backseat. Dean lets out a frustrated huff before the sounds static from the radio click on. Dean messes with the dial, changing stations from varying genres of music until he settles on one that plays something Castiel has heard before, but can’t quite remember the name of. He feels the car turning onto the exit, but his eyes are refusing to stay open any longer and he gives into the pull.
“You think I don’t know?” Sam’s voice breaks only slightly before steadying out and growing stronger. “You think just because I’m beta the virus hasn’t effected me? Do you have any idea how it felt trying and failing to save Uncle Bobby? Do you know how many omegas I see every day? Some aren’t as lucky as others, and each one has a different story – different lives they’ve lived – and I remember them all. I get to be there when no one else is, holding their lifeless hand while they die because of this bullshit virus. Rape isn’t the worst thing that can happen to a person anymore.” Sam points at him, tears falling down his face as his continues. “So don’t you sit there telling me just because I work at a hospital and got dealt the winning ‘genetic lottery’ that I’m not in touch with the real world and how others are being treated!
Which is how Castiel found himself now, one year, three months and twenty-two days after that very day in Charlie’s apartment, so drunk it’s getting difficult to think properly (which was the main goal, anyway). But somehow, despite all the alcohol running through him, it’s having the opposite of effect. Instead of making him forget Dean, he can’t seem to get him out of his mind.
“Can’t,” he pants through open mouthed kisses. “Daphne wont let me leave her side. She wont – ”
“Lovely. Looks like Humpty Dumpty can be put back together again.” A gruff voice huffs in front of him.
“You like that, baby?” The pixie haired girl asks. Dean feels the bed shaking and tilts to the side slightly to see her rubbing the blonds clit fast. “Bet you want to cum again, don’t you?”
“You’re stuck with me.”
Sinking into the chair beside his brother, Dean sighs, gently sets his half drunk beer on the table.
I’m not one to give you any sorta warnings or whatever when it comes to chapters, okay? That’s not something I normally do. I add the tags as I go and waddle on my way. But shit gets real here.
He doesn’t even bother reading any of the messages, but clicks on Castiel’s number deciding to get this over with instead of letting it linger. He listens to it ring once, twice –
A part of him still wants to drag everything out, watch Dean fall apart with just his tongue alone. Cas knows he could do it too. He may not have the same experience as most people his age, but he’s always been a fast learner, just like Dean’s always been vocal about what and how he wants it. The thought of having the power to cause Dean to chant his name over and over while bringing him to the edge of losing himself makes him groan.
Over a week later, there’s still no message.
Dean holds back the urge of wanting to roll his eyes. “Thank you Mr. Obvious.”
“It’s fine,” he hears himself say, shoving his left hand inside his coat pocket to hide his wedding band still on his ring finger. Sam’s been trying to get him to take it off, or at least switch fingers for the better part of a year now. He just can't make himself take it off. That would mean it'd be real. He isn't ready for it to be real.
“Isn’t that what got us into trouble the first time?”
“I’m with Cas on this one.”
“Dean? Hey, you gotta look at me,” his brothers voice says softly. “I can smell your distress through all this sterilizing, okay? I need to know what’s going on to help you, alright?”
Castiel glares at the demon as Sam reaches for the box, opening it slowly. “Where did you get this?”
Truly having knowledge that Dean is on Cain’s list, Castiel flicks his wrist, letting his angel blade slide into his hand. He narrows his eyes at the Father of Murder, bracing himself for any form of retaliation against his action. Cain’s stare never wavers, nor does he flinch. Castiel begins to raise his blade slowly, watching as Cain’s eyes, now, drop to the blade.
“You’ve reached Castiel, leave a message.” The awkwardly three second long pause still feels like forever no matter how many times he listens to it. “How do I turn it off? Dean, it’s not funny! Show me how to –”
Blinking a few times to try and get his vision to focus, Dean wonders if maybe he’s actually snapped and gone completely crazy. Hell, maybe he really did manage to pass out and is dreaming. Because if he knows anything he knows there is no way in hell that Cas is walking towards the cell looking like some sort of avenging angel. Why would Cas even be here? How would he know where to find him?
“This…This is…” Sammy shakes his head with huff of a laugh, looking down at him with eyes so full hope Dean can’t bring himself to look away. “Man! You have no idea how much information you’ve just given me that could potentially help so many other omegas! I mean, based on –”
“What, pray tell, would be your little answer to this situation?” Crowley raises an eyebrow to him. “Ask dear old Daddy to cure your Prince of Darkness two point oh?”
Dean dips his head, bitting the exposed part of his neck just before the collar of his shirt. “Damnit Cas, shut the fuck up.”
Cain takes the slightest step closer to Dean and suddenly it feels like he’s looming over him. Everything in Dean just wants to step back, away from the presence that seems to be filling the air with power, but he doesn’t. He can’t.
Dean bears his neck more for him as the alpha nips and sucks all the way down his until stopping and licking a long stripe across his scent gland. Another whine comes out from somewhere inside his throat as his legs begin to shake. Castiel growls; a low, rumbling in his chest that vibrates against Dean making slick leak out of him faster.
me, and I couldn’t help but feel, maybe, you’d change your mind. And then I snapped and – ”
Dean’s body responds on autopilot, reaching out and grabbing Castiel underneath his arms lifting him up off the ruined bed. Together they managed to maneuver out the motel doorway without knocking into anything. Dean watches Castiel’s loll back and forth as they walk the short distance to the Impala and carefully, as gently as they can, place him in the backseat. Dean notices his tan trench coat balled up on the floor next to his regular suit attire. He quickly picks it up, lifting Castiel’s head enough to place the coat underneath it, hoping it might offer some sort of comfort.
*~*~*~*
“Those are the main three. We haven’t been able to do much in the way of testing with it yet, but we do realize that when an omega sweats their scent seems to spike. With any alpha or omega, you’re almost able to tell emotions through the scent. Certain smells can get sharper or sometimes smell gets sweeter. It all depends. I mean, I was able to smell an omega pretty well when they were brought in after an attack, so that tells you something.”
“Seriously? Afraid you’re going to hurt
“Dean? Are you alright? What’s going on?” Sam’s tone drops deeper, full of concern.
With what happened with his father growing up, Dean told himself he’d never lose control over his anger. He would never let them it rule him into forming actions. In a way it was a pride thing. Maybe it is wrong, but Dean can’t help feeling better than all those other ones who got lost and lashed out in their anger. Like he unlocked some sort of secret and had some mundane superpower no one else seemed to have.
The kid turns back around, adjusts the gun in his arms before he starts off down the road. Dean stands there, smirking at the kids spirit. The kid has fire in him. It’s been so long since he’s actually spoke to anyone he realizes he hasn’t the slightest clue how people interact with each other anymore. But Dean can’t help but wonder if the rest of the humans are similar to this strong, brave kid. Maybe if they’re close then they might actually have a chance at making a dent in the monsters, or at least dwindling down their numbers enough they’ll flee back into hiding.
The being with a guy thing, well that’s a whole other thing. Technically alphas and omegas are just suppose to be together for the “good of the world” or some bullshit. Couldn’t it just be their other halves calling out to each other and not necessarily it being him? Maybe their bodies are just really compatible or something.
Dean doesn’t say anything, but drains the rest of the bottle. Sam leaves the rest of the half drunk bottle on the table and goes to his room, quietly closing the door behind him. Dean doesn’t know how long he sits there, staring at his brothers bottle, wishing he could do something to make it better.
He squeezes his eyes shut, trying clear his head. What the hell is he doing? Why can’t he think straight? This isn’t him! Castiel pulls back, just barely pulling out of him before pushing back in.
Dean can’t get over how good Castiel looks. Like, good. Really good. Whatever sun kissed his skin down in Argentina must be different than their New York sun, because
“As much as I enjoy our tender moments together, I fear you have other needs at the moment,” Crowley says, his raspy voice rumbling in his chest which, Castiel now realizes, his head is currently lolling against.
.” His hand grips onto the shirt as he buries his head into his shoulder beginning to sob.
Unable to keep his eyes open any longer, Dean lets the exhaustion win out. He lets out one last sigh knowing that soon he’ll either be with Castiel and Sam in heaven. Hopefully, at least.
be Dean. The only logical explanation was that the shifter took him, found Sam and he’s the only chance they have at finding
Exhaling, knowing it’s going to be the last time, Dean relaxes into the numbing cold he’s kept at bay since Castiel left him.
“I admire your devotion.” A slight smile ghosts over Cain’s lips, disappearing as quickly as the last. “Still, I wouldn’t worry about Dean. I’ll get to him in due time.”
The screeching sound of the door opening makes Dean’s head snap towards it. He isn’t exactly dozing, because he’s fairly sure it’s impossible to sleep inside this room, but he wasn’t exactly present, either. In between getting lost at staring at the shadows dancing on the floor and listening to the sounds around him, it all kind of put him in some sort of disassociate trance.
Dean doesn’t miss the way he chokes on the last words. If Dean was able to actually move his jaw he thinks he would agree. He isn’t the same. He hasn’t been the same since the Empty visited him in his room, right after getting Cas back.
The wipers squeak as they wipe away the melting snow from the windshield. Huh, he guesses it has been a minute since he’s bought wipers. Sometime last winter, if he’s remembering right. Damn. He’s never been so neglectful of his Baby before. When they get back to the Bobby’s he’ll definitely take the time and look her over.
“A date, or whatever. To get to know you better. See if I can actually stand you.”
“Every cop can do this?” Dean asks wondering why Sam never said anything about it.
By the time he did end up being able to move off the couch to the ten feet to his bedroom, it was two hours since anyone had messaged him. It probably wouldn’t have done any good, anyway, if he did answer them. Everyone has been over hearing about the same ol’ bullshit going on with him for three years now.
Clenching his jaw tightly, he continues to glare up, straight into Benny’s alpha red eyes that bore down into him. Deep inside he knows this is only going to end one of two ways; knocked out unconscious in the back of his truck, or dead. Remembering that day in the alley after his blockers wore off, and with what little Benny has let on, Dean is leaning more towards wishing for death.
His heart stopped beating on a Saturday. At least once a day Dean has to hear someone say “it’ll get better”, or “time heals all wounds”, or “try keeping a journal”. Like he hasn’t been fucking trying. Like he hasn’t been crawling through these past years by his bleeding fingertips. Like he hasn’t been screaming for someone to just fucking
“Yes, yes. Fuck, just like that Cas,” Dean murmurs against his skin. “So damned perfect. So good to me. Fuck, just like that!”
“Anyway,” Dean says with a cough, pushing the water away from him. Cas notices that Dean still refuses to look directly at him. He must have said something to offend him. “You must be wondering why I called you.”
Needless to say, he wakes up feeling pretty good. He actually debates on keeping the shirt on and going to work, but besides it being just
Dean is panting heavily above him, bright green eyes locked onto the blade still tightly gripped in his hands. Castiel stares at him, trying to understand what just happened. Dean slowly untangles his fingers from the blade, and pushes himself off Castiel. His green eyes lock with his for just a breath before he vanishes. Castiel knows that the image of those pained, sorrowful filled green eyes is burned inside his mind until forever ends.
Dean looks up to his brother’s face screwed up into a scowl. “He respected that.”
Dean glares up at his brother who just looks down at him with those damn puppy dog eyes. Usually they might work, but not today. If anything it just irritates him more. “I just need a drink and I’ll be right back.”
No matter how much he hates how worried Sam sounds, the last thing he wants to do right now is relive that nightmare. He’s never been down that road with Sam and like hell he is starting now.
“Oh, don’t get sour on me now,” he says in a rough whisper. “We are just getting to the good stuff. I’m still your little hunter crush.”
“No,” Dean says rising from his seat and takes a few steps towards him. “Listen, we aren’t leaving here until we get that Blade.”
Crowley grins up at him. “I needed to get the Blade and, let’s face it, Cain would never give me the Mark. This seemed the most fitting way to accomplish that. After all, no one seems to be able to ever say ‘no’ to you.”
Work has been more demanding with Covid going on. On top of that, I’ve had quite a few friends pass away, so I haven’t really been in the right mindset to write. I apologize.
https://youtu.be/2QTDcffpunY
“Save your strength,” Sam says tossing the rag on the table. Castiel watches a bead of blood form over the needle hole. His fingers twitch to reach out and heal him. “I have a feeling this isn’t going to be as easy as we think it is.” He eyes the electrolyte filled drink beside him. “Do we know if we need to give Dean all eight doses?”
The sound of the water bottle’s thin plastic crinkling in Dean’s hands as he squeezes it tightly has Castiel wanting to eat his own words. But then again, how can they move forward if they can’t even talk about what happened?
He grabs Dean’s hand holding his blade, and slams it down on the ground. His grip doesn’t even slip; instead Dean’s body vibrates underneath his with laughter. Frustration builds up inside Castiel. It’s hot, humiliating, and he wants to scream at his own stupidity for even having caused everything to end up here, to this moment. Under him, he feels Dean’s laughter dying down, and his body tensing to attack.
“Sam, seriously?” Dean looks down at his hands holding the cup in his lap. How the hell can he even begin to explain what it feels like?
And with that, he tosses the phone back over at Sam without warning.
When Dean woke up on the fourth day, the bed was empty beside him. They haven’t talked about what would happen after their heat and rut ended, save for Dean letting it known he wanted nothing to do with him or having to bow down to some alpha. Still, when he got off the bed on shaky legs and walked out into the living room, it hurt not to see the dark haired alpha there.
All Dean finds himself thinking about is Castiel. He thinks about how broken his body looked when he walked into that motel room. The raw anger he felt. It wasn’t right. All the times Castiel had been there for him, saving him over and over again, and he couldn’t even protect him in return. He failed his angel, and now Castiel couldn’t even look at him. Every time Dean touches him all it reminds Castiel of is everything that happened to him. Everything that wasn’t but
“Hey Cas.”
“This is great!” Sam exclaims, slapping Castiel’s shoulder. “When we get things all set up, finding Dean won’t be an issue.” He turns, walking over to Crowley, starting to go over ideas.
“Nothing can destroy the Blade,” he says looking over to Crowley. “I threw it to the bottom of the deepest part of the ocean.”
“Hey man!” Dean snaps. “Don’t you think that’s a little personal?”
