“Molly, please. After all, had but Providence allowed, we would have grown up together, as equals. Are we not all the daughters of gentlemen of Meryton?”
The King’s anger burned like a slow match beside him; Darcy could feel it, even before the questioning turned to the officer commanding this motley troop. One might get a sense of the young Lieutenant Brenzaida from what his commander did not say, even more than from those he reluctantly did.
Captain Lennox stood straighter. “My pardon, sir. But yes, that young lady. It would appear I have been misinformed. I shall ensure hints are dropped in appropriate quarters.”
“Wind whistling in the thatch. Almost sounds like someone was talking. Which it can’t be, because if it were, it would be the kind of talk that gets men strapped to a grating in the middle of the parade ground and given forty lashes. And no-one would be tomfool enough to say anything of that kind in my hearing. So
“Forgive me, madam; my duties call me away.” Wickham must have caught the little bustle at the front door which signalled one or more of the other residents of Longbourn returning to disturb their
The person of whom we have known nothing until now. The most interesting person, therefore, in this whole tale. Strictly between these four walls, pray tell me how this
“Or that his task is not yet done, and he is absent fulfilling it, ignoring whether that creates speculation or not. In which case, the task must be vital indeed.”
“The Countess of Alwent? I have always supposed my cousin’s wife believes charity begins at home and stirs abroad not at all. Husband and wife should always have one point on which they are in perfect accord, should they not?”
Only once he was washed, fed and cared for did a quiet knock on the door herald the arrival of the master of the house himself.
She ended up praying for the Queen, Felicia, who was, surely, beyond reach of any aid a fellow sinner could offer her. The Royal vaults went back a long way: some part of them must lay beneath her feet now. Many years ago Harriet had walked into those vaults: a cold, raw dawn, flaring torches, the damp pervasive stench of mortality and the Queen, hair loose on her shoulders like a bride’s or a wanton’s, stalking cold behind the catafalque.
“What have you contrived now, with your reckless gaming? Have you stooped even to arranging a counterfeit robbery to mask your losses at cards?”
Doubtless the deceased Duke had visited Pemberley, sat in this very apartment, eaten peaches, cherries and grapes at this very table. (At Mrs Annesley’s broad hints, Miss Darcy had remembered her duties as a hostess and the servants were now bearing in plates of fruit and cake.) One could not ask the question, of course; tactless in all seasons, it could be downright fatal in this. But surely there had been something wistful in Miss Darcy’s voice when she murmured, “Those hills border Malham lands”?
The new voice made him spin on his heels. Molly emerged from behind the the screen concealing the servants’ entrance, wearing the elaborate day-dress that the first lady of Gondal should wear for a morning audience with the head of her family.
Which Mama, either from mischief or from maladroitness, countered by observing that, given the pool of suitors even for the Crown Princess had proved self-evidently shallow and foetid, parents of daughters of lesser degree had all the more duty to exert themselves on the matter, and perhaps
“Do you know, my dear, I think the afternoon has turned out so fine that it might be pleasanter to have our tea in the little summer house? I don’t know about you, but it’s so peaceful now we have Pemberley to ourselves and I think we should indulge ourselves for once. I’ll pass word to Mrs Reynolds.”
“You would benefit from the attentions of a physician.” The voice from above her head was so faint that, for the moment, she thought it a dream or perhaps a ghost. It seemed too much effort to open her eyes. If she were speaking to a ghost or a dream, the discourtesy might, perhaps, be overlooked.
“Wait a moment,” Jane whispered. “I have ten thalers in my shell box. Take them – and oh, Lizzie, good luck. Bring Lydia back to us.”
The guard commander nodded. “The men won’t talk, sir. In any case, the letter passed through only two pairs of hands before reaching yours. William, who found it, he’s a good lad but book-learning isn’t his strong point. I doubt he could have read it, even had he dared. And Brenzaida?”
Peter nodded, and made a mental note to commend his acting-sergeant’s initiative when he finally got the opportunity to make his report. As for that –
Until the dreadful morning when she had heard the screams coming from the bed which Janet and Flora shared. Janet had woken to find the bed full of blood and Flora –
On that score I can trade like for like. Reasonably enough, Georgiana presumes her dowry was George Wickham’s object, with revenge on me as a secondary motive.
Unable to help herself, she snorted. “Reputation? What reputation do any of the Duplessis girls have now?”
Jane’s brow furrowed, but Charlotte instantly took Lizzie’s meaning. Meryton had already been almost overset with the excitement of the newcomers to Netherfield Hall. It seemed improbable the town could manage the additional excitement of a regiment’s being quartered in the district without incalculable harm.
She had all but made up her mind to accept the invitation, should it come. Not even the thought of Clarence, unavoidably absent from the ball, had stopped her. After all, he would be her husband in a month and husbands in such case customarily did well, whether they knew in advance or not.
“I know who report has them be.” The Bishop paused. “The Crown Prince of Gaaldine, and a pretender to his brother’s throne, a bastard begot by Mycroft I.”
“Of course, sir, of course. Mr Perry, we will have a glass of my spiced cider waiting for you by the fire when you are done. Come, my dear, let us leave the men to their mysteries.”
Alone. For a moment he could hardly comprehend it. But no one was watching him and the the little gate at the far corner was ajar.
Hosting the party, Papa, still hale and hearty, not the invalid the oncoming winter would render him.
warfare at that. I never considered this before, but when I collect how far he went to join the slaughter of brother against brother in a far land, might it have been so he might better witness and so later resist the temptation to fight son against father in his own –?”
“You English celebrate Gunpowder Treason Day, do you not? And you must have heard the story of how it came to be discovered?”
The boxes had been packed before the ceremony, the wedding breakfast consumed down to the last crumb. The carriage horses stamped at the gates of Lucas Lodge. Mr Collins and Papa stood awkwardly on the front steps, all that could possibly be said having already been said twice over. Papa clearly knew it, though Mr Collins was volubly impervious.
No: a man who would take such an offer from a woman of Charlotte’s type would cut and run and neither expect nor receive consequences for doing so.
After the shocks of the noontide, she was prepared for Jonathan to lead her anywhere and into any thing. It came as a relief when their walk ended at a little inn on the main road, just outside the town boundary marker. It might not have had the elegance of the waterfront establishment in which her alter ego was, at this moment, supposed to be at rest, but Frances, who had not eaten since hard biscuits at dawn, approved the good smells arising from its kitchens.
The air of his chamber stifled him, thick as sugar syrup. His ears were muffled as if he had stood too close to a 12-gun salute. Underneath it all beat a strong, sure note of truth. That was why no courier had been sent. That was why his body-servant had gone missing. That explained Crispian’s odd silences on his last visit.
“Do I understand, your grace, that you wish me to appear to have less facility at speaking your language than I do? And to encourage Ch- your wife to secretly improve her English, so she can converse with you and the King with less risk of being understood by eavesdroppers?”
“In that case, our answer is clear. Whether this is a scheme of the King or the simple kindness of a former neighbour, we
His brows drew down and his lips pursed, as if he was about to make some cutting remark, but after a moment he gave an acknowledging shake of his head.
A puzzle piece dropped into place: an assignation planned twenty years ago on the shores of Aspin Water. Ruth had come to their usual meeting place even more silent than usual. Towards the end of the evening she had murmured, apologetically (what could Ruth possibly have to apologise for?) that the Regiment had orders for the Borders, and would be leaving in two days, but Harriet would write, please? She would write, would she not?
“Crispian would go fishing or shooting with Fitzwilliam or playing at soldiers round the old peel tower and Julian would be left with me. I think he’d rather have gone with his brother, but he was too well mannered to leave me. He had tremendously good manners, even as a little boy. His terrier once got at my doll and tore its body quite to bits – I was heartbroken, but he told me to leave her to him, he’d look after her, and next time he came he brought her back as good as new, with a fresh wig and a new body and dress, all trimmed with scraps of real fur. He had persuaded his mother’s tiring maid to help him repair her.” She dropped her voice. “It’s impossible to imagine Julian turned brigand.”
The Crown Prince stretched, with the slow, languorous movements of a well-fed cat. “With interest, I take it?”
could provide: smoked fish-roe paste, mashed black olives with capers, garlicky cucumber in thickened sheep’s milk yoghurt, chick-peas pounded with garlic and sesame.
“As to when you’re planning to put into practice that proposal of marriage you made to me before we left Italy. You
“She is John Watson’s niece. The Crown Prince was convinced that she was the target of foreign spies. He engaged me to counterfeit a correspondence with her, as if I and he – collectively – were her uncle. He told me what to say, to draw her out, expecting all the time the correspondence would be read, and he told me the stratagem was working, that certain devices of the Pretender of Gondal had already fallen awry because of the misinformation we were sending, but now he is gone, and a letter from her has just come to hand, written most plainly in distress of mind, and now I see, as I did not before, that we have put her in the gravest danger. And there is no help for it. He is gone, and I dare not trust the mails. I have to go myself to Gondal and sort things out. But I am terrified, and besides, I do not know the way.”
Too many officers, deceived by his broad North Gondalian accent and occasional lack of respect for the niceties, were inclined to dismiss Captain Lennox as an uncultured bumpkin. The colonel knew that his wit was sharper than his sword and few who came within range of either escaped unharmed.
“Lizzie,” her mother’s familiar voice said, “I don’t know what you think you’re playing at, but since you are here, we’d better make the best of it. Take off that ridiculous cloak and smooth your hair. You can’t go into Gondal Town looking like a hoyden who’s just tumbled off a haystack.”
Only a fool would be at ease in his cousin’s presence, but this room in particular seemed chosen to intimidate under the guise of putting visitors at their ease. Despite numerous little touches aimed at giving an air of charming informality, the great oil painting hanging over the fireplace dominated the space: the King’s parents, Crown Prince Gerald and Lady Elaine Butler, on the occasion of their betrothal forty years ago. Who knew what remote cubby-hole it had languished in during the reign of King Ambrosine XVII, whose estrangement from his father had been legendary? One of James Moriarty’s first acts on ascending the throne had been to have it hauled out and hung in his inner Palace sanctum, and Darcy had little doubt as to the message his cousin had intended to send by it.
She had been there without making a sound, for what to an eight-year-old felt like an eternity. (Perhaps three-quarters of a turn, her older self observed, editorially.) Almost bored enough to think of emerging and taking her chances, she had heard voices. To be precise, Clarence Duplessis’ voice. The risk of laying herself open to one of his sarcastic remarks drove her back into her lair.
As if to emphasise how completely she regarded the topic as closed, she turned her back to them both, and returned to her previous occupation of sorting through her music collection to find the gavotte she had promised to send to Darcy’s sister.
ladies we’re looking for, not one. No; you’ve earned it, but don’t let ’em know you’ve got it, eh? Now, cut along. What’s that? Oh, yes, take what you like: we’ve finished.”
Their carriage had been forced to thrust its way through the mob at the Palace gates. Some of the things shouted at Mama still rang in her ears. She had not meant to allude to them, though.
Frances exhaled: a sharp-edged, jagged sound of relief. In her appeal to Lady Anthea, foremost in Frances’ mind had been the fear that
“Amen to that,” Miss Hooper said grimly. “But, to business. I spent some days during the early summer with Miss Elizabeth Duplessis at Elbe and would be honoured to welcome her to our family, should she be willing to join it. But – please, cousin, do not take this as a personal affront – but situated as we are, you cannot in all conscience ask the lady to marry you without warning her that
“Mercenaries?” It came out with an outraged lift on the last syllable, like – Trooper Musgrave thought, with a belated recovery of his sense of humour – the response of a dowager advised that her granddaughters could hardly do better for their futures than try a little light whoring.
His mouth dry, limbs weak and heavy as in nightmare, he hesitated, goggling at the small, white-clad figure sitting in an upright chair at the far end of the room. The only light came from a single thick candle mounted on a carved oak
Who was she trying to fool? She knew perfectly well it would never answer. A Court presided over by King James was not somewhere one should bring
In another woman, her mocking expression might have been flirtatious. This one, he judged, was too complex. He knew only one man who could have decoded her.
“Vaughan.” After no more than an decent interval Peter’s faltering memory had thrown up the corporal’s name whole and complete. “Enough. Would the flavour of that – thing – be strong enough to conceal powdered opium?”
So, he was deep in enemy territory; he had neither food nor water (nor, to be absolutely honest, any real idea of the best way
The other man gave a quick, awkward bow, and vanished. Julian raised the crudely wrought goblet to his lips, and took a swallow of thin red wine. He was back in the library at home, long ago, on that day when Papa had steered his pudgy infant finger across the great map unrolled across the table.
Darcy did not need to complete the sentence. Traquair had spent two wives’ fortunes already, for the most part on brandy, high play and the women of the lower town.
“Darcy: I have known Georgiana since we were children, playing together in these woods. Our families have been always as close as kin. She was in profound danger. Via your housekeeper, I heard her call for help and answered it.”
Harriet slid a glance sideways at her second-oldest daughter, but it was plain Lizzie was as baffled at this sudden irruption into their home as Harriet herself.
“His late Grace grew into kingship, everyone agrees. Further, it was greatly to his credit that he had, from the time he reached years of discretion, taken steps to distance himself from his father. But my father and my uncle, the Earl of Ula, always said it was a very near thing. Had Princess Felicia not announced her willingness to marry her cousin, had she sought an alliance with Gaaldine or Angria, as the Modernist Party urged, it might well have ended in civil war or, worse, in our annexation by Gaaldine.”
“Anything,” Charlotte breathed. Tears stood in the corners of her eyes. Elizabeth’s conscience struck her a sharp blow, but she persisted, nonetheless.
“And the King refused to hear her?” Something sounded different in Clarence Duplessis’ voice, she had even known that at eight. Now, twenty years later, she understood what it was she had heard. Deference.
Her hand stopped halfway to her mouth. With an icy control which she had never suspected she possessed, she said, “A forgery?”
The deck above rang with pounding footsteps and barked, contradictory orders. Jonathan knelt by his trunk, trying by force of will to blot out the pain in his shoulder, which last night’s rough voyage had aggravated to screaming pitch. Saints alive, surely the wit of man could discover some less penitential mode of sleeping at sea than swinging in a net?
Giulio hoped no hint of his thoughts showed. “A thousand pardons, my lord. I will not make such a mistake again.”
At first, Giulio had hoped something of interest might emerge from Miss Hooper’s choice to make her devotions not in the Cathedral, nor (except when absolutely required) in the Royal Chapel but in a small church in a genteel but unfashionable district. Via several intermediaries, he had reported it to his paymaster, who had returned, tersely: “NEXT TIME, READ THE MEMORIAL TABLETS.”
She gaped. In truth, it was a ghost she was seeing: her older sister Olivia as she had dreamt of her so many times since she had died of the measles when Charlotte herself was only five years old, making the younger children Charlotte’s responsibility, then and forever.
“Really? Well, no matter. It is a most imperfect analogy, in any event. But this letter is a line flung out, baited with John’s family feeling. Left to himself, he would send a short, bland response to his niece, shutting down further approaches lest they be diverted or suborned.”
“Ma’am, I can testify to the good care I have found here myself. You and your daughters could not have been kinder.” Charles spoke with emphatic sincerity, hoping his sister might take it as her cue to refrain from ill-natured jabs. “But perhaps, ma’am if I might ask you to withdraw with my sister, to permit Mr Perry to make his examinations?”
It was as well she had taken this precaution. Judging from the hectic flush in her cheeks and the flashes of anger in her eyes, Lizzie’s encounter with her ladyship (who had taken herself off without even the barest courtesy of farewell) had plainly been a stormy one, even if Harriet’s civil hints to her daughter to reveal the substance of the conversation were deflected.
Jonathan nodded. “That would be Mr Darcy of Pemberley. We’ve heard tell of him. Aye: I don’t expect he’s the sort to put up with stale mackerel. A fine thing for the fishmonger, indeed. When did that come to an end?”
(No-one would have mistaken Mr Darcy for a poet. His own gift to Miss Hooper, on learning of the water pic-nic, had been an elegant straw hat, trimmed with dark green silk ribbons and with the broadest of brims.)
Charlotte’s letters painted a picture of Hunsford and their great neighbour’s domain of Rosings Park which differed little from her husband’s save that she softened his wilder flights of enthusiasm. Sir William, however, did not apply any nicety of judgment in differentiating their accounts. For him, the accord his daughter had found with her new husband was of phoenix-like rarity. He congratulated her, himself and Mr Collins indiscriminately on it all the way from Meryton, until Elizabeth was on the point of screaming. Maria, overcome by having ventured so far from the familiar fields of home, and in internal agonies from the constant rocking and bumping of the Lucas family carriage, hardly ventured a word.
She dropped a quick curtsey and turned away before Wickham could forestall her. Charlotte gave her a quick, encouraging wave and she began to cross the dance floor in her direction.
“So, Miss Duplessis, I understand Mr Collins is your father’s heir. For your sake, Mrs Collins, I am glad of it. Longbourn sounds a prettyish kind of small estate and I am sure you will do justice to it as its mistress most creditably when the time comes. But in general, I see no good reason to will property away from the female line. It was never thought necessary in my late husband’s family.”
“In such cases as this, it is, I believe, the established mode to express a sense of obligation for the sentiments avowed, however unequally they may be returned. It is natural that obligation should be felt, and if I could feel gratitude, I would now thank you. But I cannot—I have never desired your good opinion, and you have certainly bestowed it most unwillingly. I am sorry to have occasioned pain to anyone. It has been most unconsciously done, however, and I hope will be of short duration. The feelings which, you tell me, have long prevented the acknowledgment of your regard, can have little difficulty in overcoming it after this explanation.”
Devils populated his dreams that night. An infinity of devils, the great Last Judgement from the East wall of the Cathedral of SS Geraldine and Augusta given life and descended in ranks of hellish degree to persecute him: devils horned, hooved, finned, feathered, skeletal or gross. As the dream wore on, however, he realised every devil had the same eyes: wide-spaced black pits, deeper and darker than the chasm in which they had spawned. He woke, shaking, and reached for his rosary. But the beads eluded his fumbling fingers, his Aves came out awry, and the words of the Paternoster froze on his tongue, as they said happened to witches, once they had accepted Satan’s mark.
start to happen. You’d better have your salves and eye-charts packed. There’s going to be fairs and markets all along the borders as the days lengthen. Cattle raids galore, too, as they get sent up for spring pasture. One could hardly have a better time for stirring trouble.”
The giant inclined his head. "That is true. Well, ma’am, so I have heard this happened. The King wished to have all his family about him for the State Ball. Especially, of course, the young ladies. Miss Hooper was bid to come to Gondal Town and Miss Darcy was to come down from Pemberley. Because of the Duke of Malham’s depredations on the Great North Road, his grace the King organised an escort of some twenty troopers for Miss Darcy. But –”
Jonathan rested back on his heels. “Well, ma’am, Dr Watson is one of the best of men. I’ve cause enough to know it, and I’ve little doubt but I could bring a regiment of men, near enough, that he’d treated in the field, and they’d all say the same. They’d do anything for a niece of his.”
“I do not wish to leave this place, but we should be returning. It is quite some distance to Hunsford, and I should not like to cause anxiety to my cousin. Besides, the sun is so very strong. We should retreat into the shade.”
“My dear, when I found you sound asleep on my return from the Council meeting I hadn’t the heart to wake you. It was past two in the morning.”
“This must be a most inconvenient sitting room for the evening, in summer; the windows are full west.”
“They are leaving. They will have gone already. The whole Netherfield party has returned to Gondal Town. Caroline writes that they do not expect to return again until the spring. Perhaps never. He’s gone, Lizzie. Gone forever.”
“Did you not know? Miss Hooper – do you not think it is strange that my father, who is but a country gentleman of small estate, should be ‘Sir William Lucas’ but the King’s own sister is plain ‘Miss Hooper’?”
“Indeed, Colonel Fitzwilliam, I have found it a most delightful place; so sheltered and fruitful. Did you spend much time here as a child?”
“I collect from the map my cousin showed us last night after dinner, your new home is an easy distance from the south-eastern ports?”
“Her mother, for several years, ran an Oxford college.” He looked across the room, decades-old images appearing before his eyes. "At least – to the extent it was run, could you imagine Sir Hector doing it? If Mycroft gives Elizabeth Pickering her head – if he has the
He caught a flicker of surprise cross the Prince’s face. He sounded a shade less arrogant when he responded.
She smiled. “You’re over-late with your advice, sir. You forget: while I never attended court during the lifetime of King Ambrosine, my cousins did. But even the good doctor would give place to the man I speak of. Moreover, that man is away from Court at present. Indeed, he has been absent for over a month. In and of itself that would not be suspicious. He is the colonel of a regiment stationed in the Borders. But I have heard from an impeccable source that he has not been observed with his regiment, either.”
“Now then. None of that,” the older man said in the language of Gaaldine, his voice gruff but, Charlotte thought, carrying a note of warning. The young clerk looked up, muttered an apology in the same language, albeit with a strong foreign accent. A tantalising breeze chose this precise moment to spring up, sending the scattered papers whirling across the quayside and involving the two men in a frantic but somehow absurd dance to recapture them before they were blown into the harbour and lost forever.
The marriage of Lydia Duplessis to George Wickham passed off as well as Darcy had hoped it would: that is, the bride looked ecstatic and the groom looked present. Her uncle and aunt, the only others in attendance apart from the priest, seemed resigned rather than rejoiced at the match, which confirmed his initial impressions of their good sense. They were duty bound to provide a wedding breakfast for their niece and her new husband, and, while they had civilly extended an invitation to him, he had as civilly declined. He left them at the church door, and retreated to his town-house.
Frances flinched. “A Faustian bargain. And one it seems the King did not consider: his anger and suspicion seems to have been directed at the second girl alone. But could she have had time to get a message through?”
Georgiana looked up from her embroidery, alerted by the uncharacteristically flustered note in Mrs Reynolds’ voice. Colonel Fitzwilliam often joked that running Pemberley took at least as much effort as running a regiment and the housekeeper had far fewer staff officers to assist her. Yet Georgiana had never heard Mrs Reynolds raise her voice, or seen her serenity ruffled, not even during the last terrible days of Papa’s illness.
“The King will also see it as a most particular attention. Your paying it will relieve his brotherly concerns very opportunely.”
“I was there,” Mr Darcy said, thickly. “Not when the barrel was opened: that honour belongs to the consignment clerk in His Grace’s pantries, and the kitchen-maid who happened to be distracting him from his duties at the time the barrel arrived. But I was among those summoned to see – it. I do not think, sir, Gaaldine’s reputation was enhanced among those witnesses.”
The coldness of Elizabeth’s earlier reception of him and the things Lyddie confided had been said over the tea-cups once the women of the family had been alone must have made more of an impression than he’d thought.
Elizabeth rose to her feet, holding herself as straight as if her dancing master’s eye were upon her. “Forgive me, sir, but the dance is over and I see Miss Lucas imploring me to join her, though whether she seeks balm for her feet or her spirit, I cannot discern at this distance. I must take my leave for the moment.”
(if indeed he had survived the Reaching Beck Bridge, which doubtless he had, since warlocks always floated) for the anxiety he had caused his brother.
Five live births and one miscarriage later, she wondered if it had also been the stupidest thing she had ever done in her life, childbirth included.
“The letter from John’s niece came by an unusual route. The ship carrying it sailed from Elbe, the southernmost port on Gondal’s eastern seaboard. As you would expect, we keep a close eye on all vessels originating from that quarter. The franking on the letter caught my eye immediately. It had been issued under the authority of a very great lady: Lady Catherine de Bourgh.”
They did not turn into one of the shabby, grandly-proportioned sitting rooms on the ground floor. Nor did they repair to the suite of rooms off the first landing which had already been put in excellent order for the use of his Grace the King. Without pausing, Mycroft led her to the upper floor, which was, in the estate’s current state of dilapidation, the province of bats and squirrels. Nor did he stop there. Only when they were standing beneath the awning on the roof terrace did Mycroft speak again.
a clandestine marriage.” The Crown Prince sounded like a wearied priest explaining the more obvious portions of the catechism. “A
The King was the King. But his path to the throne had not been entirely smooth. The then Prince James’ exile from Gondal from his fifteenth year until after the late Queen’s death had forced him to handle Court affairs at a remove, through lieutenants. Douglas, Lestrade and Moran, the trio of toughs who had taken Prince James’ part through the years of exile, alone knew where the bodies were buried. For the most part, they had put them there.
Uncle John wrote of Gaaldine’s ports: half a hundred different languages spoken on the dockside and the air heavy with incense out of Arabia and spices from the Indies. He told how the new civic buildings in Gaaldine’s capital bid fair to equal any in Italy or the Imperial states. But he spoke, too, of darker things. The same tensions stirred south as well as north of the border. Like everyone else around Elizabeth (save for Lydia and Kitty, who did not count) Uncle John seemed convinced there could no other end for it but war.
“Mrs Hill, would you be so good as to bring in apples for us all? Oh, and a silver paring knife. Raisins, brandy, and the snapdragon bowl, too. And another jug of negus. We’re going to have a proper All Souls’ Eve.”
“Misfortunes of your infliction. You have reduced him to his present state of poverty—comparative poverty. You have withheld the advantages which you must know to have been designed for him. You have deprived the best years of his life of that independence which had been not merely promised to him, but which he deserved. You have done all this, and yet you can treat the mention of his misfortune with contempt and ridicule.”
She donned the wide-brimmed hat which had been rolled up at the bottom of the portmanteau, straightened the plume, which was looking the worse for its confinement and, having taken a precautionary glance to ensure the landing was deserted, stole down the back stairs and outside, blinking, to find Jonathan in conclave with the ostler. At her appearance, Jonathan concluded his business with a wink and a piece of sleight of hand suggestive of the passing of coins.
“It would not bring Georgiana back. It did not bring David.” Miss Hooper’s voice was quiet, contemplative. “I thank you for it, all the same.” She turned to Harriet. “I expect you don’t know who we are talking of? That’s the problem with families. They always assume one knows
“Young hotheads, for the most part.” Molly frowned. “Though we do seem to be over-supplied with those, at present. But think more deeply. Strategically. What else has changed in Gaaldine since this time last year?”
Ambushers rose up like a wave and overwhelmed the trapped convoy. Bewildered, bedeviled, the Bishop’s guard put up little better than token resistence. Sooner than Julian could have dared hope, all active fighting ceased, leaving only the moans of men and horses to pollute the silence of the night.
However, after four days it appeared even this slight relief would be lost to her. With a mixture of chagrin and perverse pride Mr Collins returned from Rosings to say that Lady Catherine’s ward, Miss Molly Hooper, was due on the morrow.
Her friend did not answer; instead, she turned once more to stand, lost in thought, contemplating that sublime vista. It was some time before Elizabeth plucked up courage to touch her on the arm.
The departure of the two young men from Rosings threw Lady Catherine back on her own resources. These being scanty, the Hunsford party was more than ever in demand to remedy the lack. Even the superlative dullness of the evening parties at Rosings proved a kind of relief to Elizabeth; her reflections when left to herself were of a most agitating and depressing kind. She almost dreaded her reunion with Jane, burdened as she was with so much she would have to conceal and so much that would surprise and distress her.
“Being as,” Acting-Sergeant Vaughan added, "the two ladies who had taken it into their heads to get out of the carriage to go sketching while we cleared the way, bolted just the wrong way when the ambush started, and ran straight into two of his Grace the Duke’s –”
“And if the King himself were to offer, I’d tell him I’d see him dead and rotted before I’d hand a daughter of mine to the Ogre’s get.”
To cover up, she turned abruptly down the lane only to realise before they had walked four dozen yards that she should indeed have proceeded up Belmont a little further and taken the next turn. That was when she saw the walnut tree.
“Go down to the road. I shall be with you shortly. And rest easy, man: there’s to be no killing of priests, no plundering of holy relics or communion vessels, and, as for the Bishop, let us handle him as gently as a babe in arms. Tell the men so.”
The side chapel, dedicated to the Holy Wisdom by Ambrosine XII, was deserted. Wisdom, she supposed, divine or otherwise, was not held in high esteem in the Gondal of King James. Unobserved, as women of her age were accustomed to be, she lit a candle and stood with head bowed and hands clasped as it burned.
By gradual degrees they won free of the crowds and into the airy reaches of Belmont, the fashionable district which sprawled across the southern slopes of the hills which bounded Gondal Town. Without trouble, he found the garden gate he had heard described. The great walnut tree which overshadowed it must be two hundred years old or more. He gave the bell-pull three hard pulls, counted fifteen, and gave it three more. Silent, efficient servants admitted him, took his horse and his cloak, and led him to the study of the master of the house.
“Especially, I daresay, if members of the Council were secretly members of that very rebel faction. Then they would have to urge the obvious upon the King, for fear of being marked.”
He sucked in his breath. Even allowing for the passage of years and natural vanity on the artist’s part, the subject of
The ill-assorted pair departed into the pleasure grounds. Harriet could not but admire her ladyship’s strategic choice of terrain. It was far more difficult to contrive to overhear a conversation carried on out of doors, and being intercepted in the attempt would put one so decisively in the wrong. Fortunately, she could see her ladyship’s waiting-woman within the carriage and whisked up to have a word in Mrs Hill’s ear, to request her housekeeper offer Lady Catherine’s attendant the comforts of her parlour, and the finest gunpowder or Bohea Longbourn’s pantries could afford.
The news of Mr Darcy as a far-sighted and generous landlord upset all Elizabeth’s ideas. Furthermore, now she was assured there was no risk of meeting its proprietor, it kindled in her as great a desire to see Pemberley as her aunt could wish. They departed on their excursion at an early hour the next day.
She suppressed her sigh. Merry and bright, the Mistress of the Wardrobe had always told them, that’s what the Queen needs to see about her. And, if one’s spirit quailed, there was always ratafia and faking it.
He sucked his teeth, unable to say a word for sheer pity. The move to Gaaldine must have seemed like escape at last, but from what he knew that house in the woods had all been part of a long-devised trap by the Pretender, with his own sister the bait.
She threw her head back. “My dowry? Uncle, I know you wish only for the best for me. But look at it from my point of view. Even if I give Fitzwilliam a hundred and fifty thousand thaler outright and loan him fifty thousand more, I shall still have four times the dowry I had six months ago. And I am used to being poor, which my cousin is not. What I would have left would be wealth to me. Since I have no intention of marrying at all, my dowry will give me ample provision to live out my days quietly. The climate at Elbe suits me. I shall spend my days in painting and improving my mind with solid reading.”
“Fourthly, whoever the Pretender may suspect, the one closest to him and therefore most vulnerable to his wrath is Miss Molly Hooper. On this, the Queen’s order is absolute. Her kinswoman
She rang the bell; the servant made haste to bring in a cold collation and a chilled flask of the dry, aromatic, local wine.
“But if we try to extract Georgiana by force of arms, we could end up spending more than a quarter of a million thaler in
He shook his head. “No, ma’am. Not the least in the world. But she’s in such a situation as to attract the wrong kind of interest, nonetheless. And being a nicely brought-up young lady and innocent in the ways of the world (and I’ve never heard anything to contradict that, ma’am) it could be that she might stand in some danger of being used by spies in her vicinity. We were talking of inadvertent spies earlier. And there’s one name which recurs in her letters.”
The earrings slid into Jane’s ears and lay along the cream-coloured skin of her neck as though they had been crafted for her, and her alone. Clarence’s courting gift, Harriet thought, and in those days she had been as fair as Jane and her eyes bluer –
“I was, ma’am – at a distance. The arrangement was that the Prince and Hebron were to meet unaccompanied. Unarmed.
Despite a lift offered and gratefully accepted from a buffalo cart slowly wending its way along the dry dust road with a load of early cherries and cucumbers, the sun was declining and they were worn out by the time they stumbled into the Collins’ house.
Mr Darcy looked at his cousin with an affection which took Harriet’s breath away. There was nothing of the lover in it, she could have sworn, and yet her heart ached for sheer envy.
“I don’t doubt it; you would hardly have kept him so close about you otherwise. Does he have a place?”
The nights had been endless, lying in the thickets, terrified of foes human and and animal, dreams edged with fever, and waking terrors, and the difficulty of knowing one from another. But surely there had only been two of them?
"Looks like a wasted journey, sir. I did just as you said, sir: went ashore at dawn, hung about the fish market and kept my eyes peeled for anyone as looked to be taking a load inland. There were three of ’em set out together, as it turned out. I let ’em get a bit of a lead, and then I followed with the mule. I feared they would divide when the roads split, and I’d not know which on ’em to follow.
The faintest glimmer of light dawned. Castle Lestrade had fallen and James of Gondal’s enmity was ferocious, his tentacles capable of stretching across Europe. But beyond Europe? The great mercantile families of Europe spread their wings east and west, from the fur trading posts of Hudson’s Bay – he shuddered – to fabulous Cochin, and throughout the East Indies. Yes. The East Indies. Colossal fortunes could be made in those lands of spices and jewels, the kind that made a lord of Gondal look like a peasant. More, the thing in itself would be something. To see mountains high enough to support the weight of the sky; palaces of emperors roofed in gold; dense green forests, tiger-haunted; on far desert shores pick up coins dropped by armies of Alexander –
Tentatively, Giulio selected the middle cup of the three. Either from good manners or because Jonathan’s barb had landed true, he did not venture to raise it before he had seen Frances take a sip from her own cup.
Among the small caiques and fishing smacks moored alongside the quayside one great three-masted vessel towered above them all, like a goose in a poultry yard of bantams, cedar-dark, heavy with carving, the rising sun glinting off the gold paint on prow and stern.
“Blackrent, on Malham lands?” McAllister turned his head, and spat, accurately, into the corner of the cellar.
She did not turn. Her shoulders, she feared, were not yet strong enough to bear the crushing weight of memory. Straight-backed, she walked into the shuttered gloom of the inn.
A day and a half later, no crisis had yet occurred. Peter and his men had been welcomed with open arms by the lodge-keeper’s wife, who had directed them to a well-filled trough for their horses and offered home-brewed ale to their riders. Peter gave a sidelong glance at his sergeant; not for permission, of course, which would be an inversion of the natural order, but for confirmation that he was not breaching one of the numerous unwritten rules for the proper conduct of officers.
Musgrave’s tongue thickened in his mouth, but around it he managed to gasp out the following truths: namely, and as God and the Holy Virgin was his judge, or judges, that he had never known anyone claim the Surgeon-General of Gondal (hero of Vannstown, chosen by his late Majesty Ambrosine, Seventeenth of that name, to be protector of his only daughter) to be forsworn; that the kingdoms of Gondal and Gaaldine were not (formally) at war at the present moment, making treason a moot issue; and that in any event the cousin of the King himself lay sick at Pemberley, and that he had been sent to bring to her bedside the best physician in the district and since the best physician in the district happened to be the best physician in the whole of Gondal, other considerations came a very remote second.
“I was not born here, and my first allegiance was – some would say, still is – to Gaaldine. But Gondal shaped me; there is much of which I might have been forever ignorant had I never crossed her borders. Most importantly, for your purposes, I am the consort of your rightful Queen, and on that ground alone my
“I do indeed. But, both of you, have a care. Lady Agnes Campbell is now Lady Agnes Traquair. We thought we knew the reason why, but this puts a very different complexion on the matter. But it also gives us, perhaps, a route to find your sister and Mr Wickham. Though, perhaps, less reason to promote a match between them?”
Elizabeth gulped. Then, very precisely, she said, “I heard she was intended to accompany the Princess to Gaaldine, on her wedding journey, but that her father withdrew permission at the last moment. And, as I also heard, though Miss Georgiana Darcy was then preferred by the King to replace Lady Agnes, that her – her brother became aware that Mr Wickham had been frequenting the house. Suspecting Mr Wickham might have been using Miss Georgiana to gain further intelligence of the Princess’ journey, Mr Darcy made a clean breast of what he knew to the King.”
Frances shivered. At Oversbank his facility for hearing the unspoken would have seen fingers crossed and talismans touched against devilry. She summoned her courage enough to speak.
Darcy nodded, but Colonel Fitzwilliam knew the impossibility of explaining such things to a civilian. Better to concentrate on what his cousin could understand.
A little stir around the door was all the warning that Elizabeth received before the master of Pemberley entered the room. He had apparently abandoned fishing on learning from her uncle that she and Mrs Gardiner planned to call on Miss Darcy. To her embarrassment, Elizabeth found the eyes of all the others sliding from him to her and back again, ill-concealed speculation detectable on their expressions. Miss Bingley, now there was someone in the room whom she considered worthy of attention, thrust herself back into the centre of things.
His back to the portrait, James Moriarty reclined in a comfortable low chair by the window, a scatter of papers across the even lower table besides him. He cut off Darcy’s ceremonious bow with a sharp, charming gesture.
“As am I, that you have accepted. But you should be aware, before we proceed, that there is peril in it for you.” He leant forward and whispered in the Bishop’s ear.
“Don’t worry,” she whispered into her sister’s hair. “There is no real risk. I shall stay tonight at Bessie Walnut’s. I shall catch the coach from there early tomorrow, where no-one from Meryton will see me board and be with our aunt and uncle long before nightfall.”
Wickham settled himself on the sopha, in an attitude nicely judged between supplication and weariness.
and that you should come as a hussar.” Her eyes flicked up to the bedroom floor. “I don’t suppose we can convince him those ridiculous gowns were consumed in the blaze? No; he’d be bound to send someone to check. Molly? Are you all right?”
Uncle John never came back to Longbourn. Mama took the news of his return to Court so badly, with tears, recriminations and thrown objects, that even his letters had dwindled to matters of form: at Christmas, Easter and on each of their birthdays.
“800 men at 5 thalers a head. That’s 4000 thalers to begin with. Prizes at 10 thalers, 20 thalers and 50 thalers for third, second and first respectively. I forget how many contests there were, but there cannot have been fewer than twenty. Then tonight. Wine, beer, oxen, pigs, sheep, chickens – a feast
Dawn broke over Zalona in a cacophony of chiming bells. When he had first come to the University Julian had wondered how anyone managed to sleep here. By the end of his first term it was the deep peace of his father’s estate at Castle Malham which kept him awake at nights.
The Crown Prince looked as if he were doing mental arithmetic, and then nodded. “The wagon must made excellent time, but it was dry about then, so they will have had the best of the roads. And the rest of your brother’s news?”
“The King! The King of Gaaldine is now a widower, and not so old a man, comparatively speaking. Will he be looking for a bride?”
She gritted her teeth. “I loved my husband. Dearly. Nevertheless, I accept I married full young. I learned wisdom afterwards.”
“Lady Agnes, I did not give up that evening for any other reason but this. When I left the salon I happened by chance to encounter an old woman, clad in black. I had never seen her before, though I believe she must have been staying in the house. Her dress was neat and precise enough, but it was not what someone would wear to go out. She looked at me and said, ‘Child, Lady Elaine was like my own daughter to me. What would your mother think, could she see you now?’ It brought me to my senses.
Longbourn was in turmoil: Mama sequestered in her room allowing only Hill to attend on her; Kitty, guilt-ridden and sulky; Mary, pompous and unbearable and Jane stuck with managing the lot of them and, until the return of the holiday party, a troop of infant Gardiners to boot. Her father had indeed gone up to Gondal Town in an effort to find Lydia, though, from what little Elizabeth could discern of his plans in this regard, this exertion seemed too dilettantish to be likely to prove effective.
Instantly, he was back in an improvised camp on the edge of the Great Gaaldine Mire: throat and nose seared with woodsmoke, skin alive with insect bites, the rough local spirit burning his gullet, ears strained to catch the howl of hunting dogs and to catch one specific dog’s howl above the rest.
The Surgeon-General shook his head sadly, as if the ignorance of his companion were a personal reproach.
On arrival at Gondal Town Darcy paused at his home only long enough to wash and change into his most formal clothing. Nonetheless, he did not make for the Palace, though he had little doubt that the King was already apprised of his presence in the capital. Instead he turned his horse towards the Earl of Ula’s townhouse.
“Sir, there was a desertion case in my last posting; when I was serving down on the Borders. Four men crossed into Gaaldine, like this, with their horses and gear, at night; got clean away. In that case, though, they’d rendered the pickets insensible by putting powdered opium in their evening meal.”
He blew another smoke ring. “Even those who have lived all their lives in the three kingdoms find that difficult. It is not just the dialect, though that is tricky enough. More, it is penetrating into the minds of the songs’ framers. Love and murder wound together endlessly: the bower fair with roses and lilies, beside the midden within which the head of one’s enemy rots. And always, within each story, beings from the other-world watch from the shadows, awaiting the step onto the wrong path or a false answer given to a riddle.”
“Quite so. Nor – so your father tells me – were any of his connexions on the Council willing to intervene. They feared it might be taken as evidence of complicity in whatever plot the Tower’s examiners uncovered.”
Peter nodded. “Not directly, sir, but it was – his men were most proper, one would have been delighted to take over a troop so well-disciplined. But there were hints dropped, nonetheless and my men were on the alert for them and relayed the information to me. My understanding is that Miss Darcy and her chaperone are currently held at some strong point on the Northern side of – of the Duke’s former estates.”
As for attempting to persuade her mother, the matter was hopeless. From the moment Lydia had rushed into the drawing room in raptures, holding out Mrs Forster’s invitation like a diplomat holding out a peace treaty negotiated after decades of war, Mama had been all aglow, talking (particularly in the evenings, after dinner) of the conquests she expected Lydia to make, with most of the great of Gondal decamped to Lake Elderno away from the summer heats and stinks of the capital, and how greatly the consequence of the Duplessis family would be enhanced thereby.
his entire party had fallen into the hands of the man whom, as soon as his increasingly indignant demands for paper, pens and ink were met, he would describe in his long-overdue report as “the outlaw falsely styling himself as Julian d’Ancona, twelfth Duke of Malham.” (Having met the man in question for a tense quarter-turn’s interview, which had left him more nauseated even than his lingering concussion warranted, in Brenzaida’s private opinion he was either the greatest actor in the three kingdoms or exactly who he claimed to be, but even he would hardly be fool enough to say so in a report the King himself would no doubt read or at least have
Beneath the table’s shade, she glimpsed Molly’s hands, twisting convulsively. Ruthlessly, she pressed on.
Nor did that prove an easy matter. Mr Wickham’s reputation, both for profligacy and seduction, was a matter for the wildest gossip in and around Meryton. There seemed no story about him which some neighbour or another was not prepared to cap. Jane and Elizabeth, however they tried to shut their ears to gossip, came very close to despair.
His malice and fury were towering presences of their own: great invisible ogres dominating the room. The fair man’s voice trembled, as well it might, but he held himself upright and did not take a backwards step.
Papa rolled his eyes. “Ah. A little quiet cheerfulness is in store for us, I see. Perhaps I shall have the carpenters run up thicker doors and shutters for my library, so my ears are not to be deafened altogether.”
Below Elizabeth unrolled fold upon fold of lesser hills, carpeted with trees: a swathe of green baize lying, carelessly opulent, across the landscape. Eventually, when the green ran out, came a hazy, infinite azure expanse, stretching to the horizon.
“The world knows that on Crown Prince Gerald’s death my aunt remarried beneath her and so was expelled from Court circles and disowned by my family.”
“For the most part, ma’am, this is poor, sheep-farming country, save for some mining and quarrying in the high dales. There’s little work for the young men so they are tempted to follow when the recruiting parties come calling, no matter whether it’s for regiments of Gondal or the Pope’s wars or the Emperor’s. Two of my brothers went that way.”
Although, on the road, her discussions with Uncle Gardiner had led Elizabeth to feel less gloomy about Lydia’s prospects, once confronted with the reality of home all her fears flooded back in fourfold strength. How could Wickham have any fear that her father would take drastic action to defend his daughter’s honour, once having seen him in his own home circle?
a beauty had it not been for her tendency to draw her hood over her head so obscuring her fine features) were embarking on a coach bound for the north-east. As the matron persisted in telling anyone in the coach who cared to listen, she had a daughter well married in Gondal Town these two days past and she and her daughter had to be home to prepare a welcome for a new son and brother to the family.
Charlotte caught an impression of a mobile, amused mouth, very white teeth and a mop of black curls, before the young officer bent in the deepest of bows. Her face a mask of resentment, Mrs Long dipped an answering curtsey.
“I’m persuaded the thing was planned. The two of them were standing in the ”V“ of the bridge and a carter lost control of his rig, about
“That was his father. The manufactories were all sold up before Charles was born. He had completely the upbringing and education of a gentleman.”
“There is indeed, Trooper Potts.” Sarge popped up besides them, with the shiny red face and screwed up eyes which they had all come to know as danger signs. "The trouble being, as he’s fishing, he’s not in his cottage, being as there aren’t no fish there, until he catches them, on account as they are still in the river. And the local fishing beats happen to be about five leagues long and wander all over the place splitting off bastard branches like an alley cat what’s been taking lessons from Lord Lestrade. So I need to send some of you useless layabouts to find the sawbones and bring him back to Pemberley because that’s the King’s own cousin on her sickbed in the house up there and it’ll be on us if we don’t deliver her safe and healthy to her loving family in the capital. So, Trooper Potts, you’re going upstream along that branch there. Trooper Musgrave, downstream along the main flood. Trooper Crosier, upstream along the other branch. Trooper Ferris –”
“Their eyes and expressions are very like, my lord. Miss Duplessis is darker, however – hair and complexion, both – and I think she has the advantage in height over the – over your niece.”
“Indeed, ma’am. But I sense the young lady maybe has started to wonder about him herself, judging by the tone of her last. But I’ve got a letter, not from her uncle, he’s away from Court at present and who knows when he’ll be back? We tried to have it delivered to Hunsford, but we were told she was not at home. But if you could see it into her hands our minds would be easier.”
He paused, and Frances pushed the ale jar across to him. He refilled his mug, took a deep, grateful swallow, and recommenced.
Once the matter of espionage came into play, George Wickham’s encouragement of Elizabeth’s communicating with her uncle at Gaaldine’s court bore a by-no-means innocent explanation. Dear God, why had she been such a fool? With a trembling hand, she turned the page.
Had he turned this greatest of coups into a damp squib or placed a petard below the throne of Gondal, with the slow match handed to her who might best ignite it?
“And, finally, here we have you. A man who betrayed Miss Hooper, whom he had served since she was a child. A man who then – it appears to all the world –
resounded through her waking thoughts, and then in the night came the dreams; dreams in which she had indeed set out and the monstrous attackers rising from behind every rock had all borne Mr Wickham’s face.
yet failed. If he could only deliver Miss Darcy to Deadholm Barracks much of the impending disaster, which weighed like incipient thunder in his ears and made his limbs flounder, might be averted.
She turned, to see an unfamiliar expression on her mother’s face: hesitant and open. Mama patted the bed and, uncharacteristically obedient, Elizabeth sank down beside her.
“You would not have done. You would still have been in the nursery, and in any event it was not at Castle Malham I met your father. I met him at Court, in Gondal Town. Queen Felicia wished most particularly that we be made known to one another.”
!” Without doubt she was possessed: there was no other explanation for her insistence on this point. And yet –
The cabin boy started to reckon on his fingers. “The gentlemen went away – it will have been a fortnight ago come Monday, I reckon.”
Eight years old, hiding in the bushes at Lucas Lodge, away from the bustle and pomp of a garden party which was far too grand for the shy child she had been – would still be far too grand now, for the closed, frumpy, unambitious woman she had become. Her father had been made up at the news that the great Sir Vernon Hooper of Netherfield Park would grace his celebration. Charlotte and her mother had looked at each other in silent horror. Together – small as she’d been, her mother had leant on her strength then – they’d worked for days, stood over kitchenmaids and upstairs maids, leant their own hands to pestles and pastry-boards. Together they had pored over old books from the overgrown cupboard which, in the grandeur of his new rank, Papa had dubbed “the library”. Together they followed crabbed instructions and wore their fingers raw and bleeding on resisting branches to weave a welcome arch under which their guests could pass. Although Mama decreed it “The image of the picture in the book” and asserted that not even Sir Vernon could ever have seen a finer, not even in Gondal Town, Charlotte cringed, inwardly. Her worst forebodings were manifest when young Mrs Duplessis – bride of Clarence Duplessis, the master of Longbourn, and, it was rumoured, a former lady-in-waiting to the Queen herself – passed beneath the lopsided greenery and exchanged a small, sardonic grin with her husband.
“You know what would have become of her once she was fully inside the King’s clutches. Whom would he have married her to once she reached the capital? A raddled libertine like Traquair? Ask Lady Agnes whether she believes her reputation has been enhanced by the King’s actions.”
She shrugged. “Call it an advance on my dowry. I told you my family’s credit passes good throughout the three kingdoms, didn’t I?”
His uncle the Earl was indeed the head of the family, though once Prince James had been recalled from exile few recalled that fact and most of those few had taken care to forget it by the time of the Coronation. Nonetheless, in the current situation there could be no-one more proper or capable for Darcy to consult. The Earl’s son, Colonel Fitzwilliam, currently on active duty in the Borders, was joint guardian with Darcy of Georgiana. In his son’s absence, the Earl was most truly the person who had a right to rule on Georgiana’s health and happiness. Furthermore, if Colonel Fitzwilliam’s own opinion were required, who better than his father to get a message to him?
Even so, Darcy dropped his voice. “There is nothing you could do otherwise than what you are doing, since Armstrong is a tenant on the Netherfield estate. But have a care. It may be no more than an over-officious young officer exceeding his brief and doing so with scant courtesy. But be alert, in case it is someone who – seeks an occasion.”
Mostly, the vase contained damask roses. The rose gardens were one of the glories of Pemberley: planted by his great-grandmother, cherished by his grandmother, extended and transfigured by his mother. But the roses’ heavy, rich scent was cut through by a sharper, herbal smell, with an undercurrent of something acrid.
“Suppose, when matters start to go awry, you break in with a new matter. Strictly speaking, as you said, you ought to recuse yourself from Georgiana’s matter anyway, so your changing the subject will be seen as nothing remarkable.”
“Sir, as you well know I dislike dancing in general.” Darcy gulped. “In this instance, though, it will be my greatest pleasure.”
sacrificing the smallest particle of my happiness: rather, if anything, the reverse. Treat it as handing over an artefact for which I have no possible use and which my family – the dearest part of my family – needs very much .”
the only courier we have had today came in from the port a turn and a half ago. There are few boats sailing at this time of year. Coastal traffic between the three kingdoms and some desultory fishing is about the size of it. So the letter must have come from either Gondal or southern Gaaldine and the winds have set strongly from the north for the last five days.
“Oh. Oh of course.” He bowed, very low. “Lieutenant Peter Brenzaida. I apologise for my intrusion, but I come under Royal command –” He reached inside his uniform jacket to produce the formal paper. ”His Grace the King notes that the times are unquiet, both within and without the borders of Gondal, and that he would accordingly rest more easily were his young cousin to be within his palace in Gondal Town, far from the turbulent and lawless forces who might threaten her peace and – um – innocence."
“I might join them. Though death in a ditch is less than he deserves. Thank you for this intelligence. I shall ensure it reaches the Queen.”
He found him standing at the window, on the far side of the desk, looking out into the murky garden. He did not turn round when Giulio was announced, merely said,
Frances leant forward across the table. “Please don’t disappoint me. They sold you to me as the most sophisticated thief in the three kingdoms.”
He was exhausted, of course, but there was something more in his twitchiness, his pallor, his air of being on edge. He wore the air of a man who had run from his enemies, as hard and fast and long as he could and who now, all his strength and will exhausted, had realised that his true enemy was still as close to him as he had been at the outset.
“No. I sent a second express yesterday, making representations in the strongest terms that this culpable disregard for the basic principles of army management leaves us open to our weakness being exploited to the hurt of the entire nation should any enemy become aware of it.”
Harriet’s ears pricked. Had that been two women speaking, she would have known what to make of “better than well” but in a man, and a foreigner, who could tell? She slid her eyes sideways, but could make nothing of her brother’s expression.
“Lyddie, dear. We need to be off. If we do not make haste, we risk missing all the fun. Three days from now, I understand, there are to be grand divisional games and fêtes at the camp where we are stationed; the widow of a former Colonel of one of the regiments is funding a grand event in her late husband’s memory.”
“Did not one of the conspirators write a letter to his cousin, warning him not to attend the opening of Parliament? Oh!”
The expression on the Crown Prince’s face could only be described as ‘smug’. “So that song has travelled as I hoped? And yes, indeed they are – at least, Charis seemed far more enamoured of me when I returned as an exile than when we first stood up together in the Cathedral and made our vows.”
Darcy’s mind raced. “A man would have to be most truly obtuse to deserve such a rebuke in the first place. To ignore it – unthinkable.”
“Sir, perhaps it might be advisable if we took a tour of the battlements? We can assess the situation as it develops from there.”
, no doubt audible all over Belmont. He had known since the first visit to the quiet house with the great walnut tree overshadowing the garden gate that if he did anything, anything at all to betray the man inside, he was a dead man. And that there was no way he might conceal any such act of betrayal.
Elizabeth’s hand went to her mouth. Her first instinct was to deny the truth of everything. But she had always heard Darcy speak with the deepest affection of his sister. She could not credit that he would implicate Georgiana in something so serious simply to exonerate himself in the eyes of a woman whom he was unlikely ever to see again and for whose good opinion he could have little value.
He escorted her to Charlotte’s door, where she found Charlotte engrossed in negotiating with the fishmonger and too distracted to take note of Elizabeth’s strained manner. She escaped upstairs, her heart almost too full for continuing its proper office.
“Yes, ma’am. She is my youngest girl but one. My youngest of all is lately married, and my eldest is somewhere about the grounds, walking with a young man who, I believe, will soon become a part of the family.”
All the young ladies of Meryton drooped at the regiment’s removal. Despite the relief of Wickham’s departure, the sameness, narrowness of the district without the relief of external visitors struck Elizabeth forcibly, as it had never done before. In this bitter season she came to understand that Mama’s shrillness, her resort to ratafia in the afternoon and brandy from a tea-cup in the evenings, derived from a like sense of suffocation. Regrettably, this insight did not cause her to love either Mama or herself the better.
Odd, how much he sounded like an ordinary connexion enquiring about family gossip. Molly tried to emulate his tone.
Abundant steam and hard work with goffering irons were their best resorts and the outcome at least presentable. As Elizabeth strolled damply through Rosings park, flanked by Maria and Sir William Lucas, she consoled herself by thinking that Lady Catherine could hardly be less censorious than her nephew, and since
“If you wish to retain your good opinion of the Earl, it may help to know his son and heir was taken into the Caitiff’s Tower three weeks before the wedding took place.”
Without a line wasted, his sketch vividly showed the curve of a river, running fast through a mountainous landscape. A great thorn tree, white with may-blossoms, dominated the right-hand side of the drawing, while a heap of tumbled stones on the bottom left corner, perhaps part of a ruined barn or sheep-fold, gave the delicate blossoms counterbalance and weight.
The King looked up from his contemplation of a weed-ruined wilderness which had once been a badly-proportioned knot garden.
The smells did not lie. The landlady presented a soup of early sorrel, sharp and fragrant; oysters on a bed of seaweed; young lamb spiced with cumin, garlic and pepper; small flat fish grilled over charcoal and bubbling with butter; roasted peppers and baby leeks stewed with olives.
She forbore to comment on his guess. “My guardians, however, were forced to take stock. What my cousin thought at 15 he might still think when he inherited, at which point he would be a far more eligible suitor than Major Mo – than this gentleman. So I was permitted to decline the latter’s offer, though I did not think his hopes were completely extinguished. When, some few years later I discovered I had dower lands in Gaaldine, the notion of putting the border between me and any renewal of his addresses stood foremost among my reasons for deciding to reside there myself.”
“Nor I. She was always a quiet, biddable child. Intelligent, also. Her father would set her chess problems to work through while he and I played.”
“Miss Lucas! Miss Duplessis and Miss Elizabeth!” Mrs Long’s voice was unmistakable. “And Miss Lydia,” she added by way of afterthought and to no effect whatsoever. Lydia was exclaiming after gold epaulettes again, paying no attention to anything female.
That the Ogre of Belmont had been a nobleman so well-connected that not even his death at the hands of the father of one of his victims could reveal his identity was common street-talk in Gondal Town. But the great houses of Belmont were much alike, each shrouded behind their blank facades to the front, and grey-stoned walls to the rear. Few people, if any, knew which house it had been. Only Harriet, one never-forgotten night, had seen the garden gate and the great walnut tree which overhung it. The gate from which two days ago a man had emerged, a man whom Lizzie had recognised and named “Giulio”. Who had refused to acknowledge her.
“No physician!” The woman seemed caught between horror that she had arrived in a place so provincial as to lack a physician within call and, Harriet grudgingly acknowledged, real concern for her brother. “No apothecary either? Then what are we to do?”
It could only be a deflection. Elizabeth, recalling things Molly had said, saw why that might be so. They talked with great persistence of the beauties of Gondal and of the houses and sights Elizabeth had seen. This conversation lasted until they reached the flagged space before the great frontage of Pemberley house. Nonetheless, their ideas were almost exhausted by the time her aunt and uncle came into view.
“In part, perhaps. But it was the Crown Princess I had in mind. I think of her often; more since I came to Meryton. Did you know, in some lights you almost have a look of her? Though she was but a child when I saw her last, she, too, showed promise of having uncommonly fine eyes.”
“What grounds? Are you claiming you were not profoundly indebted as a result of gambling losses to Lady Abruzzi?”
The whole scheme rolled out before him, neat as the solution to one of the problems in gunnery and siege-craft Major Horniman had posed to him as a young ensign.
of us can under any circumstances afford to lose. If he has not already told you so, I will. The last letter Mr Wickham sent to – the person in question – has been returned unopened. He has almost no interest left. Tell him: I truly am his last best hope. If he sees the truth of my message, he may contact me at this address, between three and five of the clock any day this week. Or, he may send word to my house. I know he knows my direction. Tell him so.”
He rose, to find himself not, after all, alone in the chapel. A round-face, inconsequential priest had materialised from the shadows.
“He may yet be traced. He and a companion, a youth called Francisco, who, judging by his accent, was not from any of the three kingdoms, arrived in Elbe from Gaaldine aboard an argosy, the
The news that the sawbones had been successfully rounded up and despatched up to the great house to minister to the young lady put Sarge in such a good mood that he told the troop that they could consider themselves off-duty until the state of the young lady’s health had been reported upon. Trooper Musgrave sidled up to his messmates, waving the salmon as token.
Her brother was the first to reach the chapel. He lit a candle and stood five yards away, head bowed in prayer. He wore the garb of a sober professional man of Gondal. His portrayal seemed more authentic, now Harriet knew him to be acting a part. To have always been acting a part.
“We’ll only find that out by finding them. Back to the villa it is, then. They know all the houses that are let to summer visitors, the value of each one of them to a one-cent piece and who’s rented them from day to day. Stands to reason they do. It’s their business, after all. So, if a carriageful of ladies arrived within the last fortnight, they’ll know it and where they’re lodged.”
The admiring glances from both young officers as Elizabeth entered the drawing room told her the frost outside had heightened her colour and sent a sparkle to her eyes. The great gilt-framed mirror over the chimney breast confirmed it. Wickham, in particular, regarded her with an intensity which made her regrets at the loss of his inheritance even more poignant.
“And this is all the reply which I am to have the honour of expecting! I might, perhaps, wish to be informed why, with so little endeavour at civility, I am thus rejected. But it is of small importance.”
When the Pemberley party departed some half a turn later, Elizabeth’s mind and heart were so full of confused emotions she hardly knew where to turn. Fortunately, though her aunt and uncle were clearly full of curiosity about the nature of Mr Darcy’s interest in Elizabeth, they were far too tactful to enquire.
“Your grace. I beg you. Please ask Lady Agnes Traquair to come into your presence. And, also, the Bishop of Zalona.”
but it was not yet time, it seemed. The dark figure kneeling at the front did not stir, but his arrival had been noted. After a moment, he stepped forward and knelt beside his cousin, lips shaped to utter the time-smoothed words from which, on this night of all nights, he received no comfort.
That unnaturally white finger stirred the small heap of jewels again. “Of course, the kind and proper thing would be that I give her the lecture concerning rash play I am confident her father would have given had he lived and then, once she is suitably chastened, offer to cover her debts and hand back her jewels.”
“What choice has James Moriarty left me? He killed my father. He killed my brother. He bestowed my ancestral estates on his own half-sister. By your own account – and this I did
Moths as big as pipistrelles hurled themselves into the swinging oil-lamp above their heads, falling stunned to the table only to blunder back aloft and join the lunatic dance around the lamp once more. The silence threatened to drag itself to infinity. At length the Bishop roused himself.
“Lydia has made her bed and I have four other daughters. What would you have me do, Maria? For all our sakes, we must make up the match if we can and make merry over it and what may come after – comes.”
Her head, swimming with incipient fever, fastened onto that phrase and clung, as if it could pluck her from the whirlpool. “You spoke of changes at Meryton? Did you mean, concerning Mr Wickham?”
“You think so? A most reassuring attendant for a young woman residing in a bandit camp, surely. Nancy’s manners may lack polish, but her judgment in issues of practical morality is of the nicest. Your sister is as safe beneath my roof as she has ever been under yours.”
“So it will. And so it would be if your father can be persuaded to receive the couple at Longbourn. That will take address – as much as you, Jane and I can contrive between us. But that is not what I wished to speak to you about. Your aunt told me that Mr Darcy showed uncommon civil to you all when you met him at Pemberley?”
“Thank you. So. Do you think the person in question is in truth what he asserted himself to be: the legitimate successor to the Dukedom of Malham?”
was a dialect expression Frances’ Gondalian was not entirely capable of parsing. Giulio, however, flicked up his hands in some archaic warding gesture and then, accepting, nodded. “Still and loud.”
Miss Hooper was looking at her, a question in her eyes. In order to distract her, Elizabeth launched into an account of the regimental ball Colonel Forster had given in honour of his new bride. For once, the follies and absurdities she described owed nothing to Lydia or Kitty, but to the near-miraculous elevation of one Mary King.
“Could you accompany me on a walk into Elbe port over the headland, while the morning is still cool? We could dress quickly, I think, and be back before breakfast.”
"But –” Elizabeth began, and then she saw. The lady in front of her had been the late Queen’s spymistress. Under her direction the Queen had been given eyes and ears in most of the great households of the Kingdom.
“Do you think for a moment – do you imagine Frances thought for a moment – that what she staked in this
At the commander’s raised eyebrows he added, “I do not, let me make myself clear, believe Lieutenant Brenzaida to be party to any deception. It is patently obvious he is who he says he is, he is sincere in the information he wishes to give us and – according to my housekeeper, who from my earliest youth has shown herself to be a most formidable domestic apothecary – he is indeed suffering from a serious head wound. More serious, indeed, than those who permitted him to escape suspected. I daresay he was intended to reach us a day earlier – about the time, I judge, when that letter was planted amid the ruins of the coach.”
“It was no choices of d’Ancona that brought matters to this pass. Thank you, gentlemen. Secure the valuables, and tell the wounded men I commend their sacrifice, and will visit them before long.”
The shudder beneath Harriet’s suddenly too-sensitive finger-tips told her that Molly, though a decade younger, had heard the Ogre-tales too.
Mama turned to her. “Lizzie, this you need to know. When I was at Court, before I married your father, Maria was the confidential maid to her Grace the Queen. No-one knew more about the inner workings of the Household. Her judgment, too, was considered quite the nicest: many of the ladies of the Court contrived to obtain her opinion when they engaged their own maids and other domestic staff and she had the greatest of influence.”
“A warning that – painful as it may be to her – correspondence with Gaaldine had better cease until the times are more congruent. And she’s to burn it once she’s read it; that, most of all.”
The voice was so low Peter could not tell its source. His blood froze. To make a bad situation worse, the men’s pay had, indeed, been in arrears for the third month running and it was whispered in the mess that Traquair of the War Office had rendered a very dusty answer to the c/o’s enquiry as to when the situation might change. Dragging a man on charges for imprudently telling a harsh truth stank in his nostrils, but letting insubordination (in front of a civilian, too!) go unpunished went against all his training.
A deep voice rang out. “Do not trouble my attendants within; they are elderly men, worn out from decades of devotions. Do with me as you will, but spare them. They have nothing worth your taking: their riches lie in heaven, and are stored up there beyond the reach of thieves.”
To say truth, the diamond ear-bobs were quite as hideous as previously hinted. The remainder of the tumbled jewels on the table were equally ugly. But, old-fashioned, ill-set and clumsy as these ornaments might be, the stones were of the finest quality. And there were a lot of them.
Ghostly thoughts for an All Souls Eve, indeed. The Queen dead these ten years, the King laid to rest beside her mere weeks ago, and John as good as dead, far away across the border with never a word of farewell or remembrance to her.
: my sister’s hair. He complimented her manner of dressing it at dinner (and a very awkward business he made of it, almost as awkward as he made of carving the ham) but on her mentioning it was styled
Without giving Darcy time to respond, the bandit Duke walked out into the moonlight. It made Julian d’Ancona’s face an All Souls’ mask of bone and shadows. The boy Darcy had known was gone forever, beyond grieving. This man was a stranger: lean, intense and, he doubted not at all, very, very dangerous.
The relief of having an older, more experienced friend to guide her was dizzying. Frances went wherever Lady Anthea led her, not questioning their direction.
will make her the richest heiress in the three kingdoms, which I imagine will pique even Mr Darcy’s interest.”
Mr Darcy took the familiarity better than Harriet would have expected. He nodded, and departed. The Crown Prince set off at a rapid, scholarly scurry in the opposite direction. John cast a lingering glance over his shoulder at Harriet, then followed the Crown Prince. Harriet and Miss Hooper were left alone.
Odd, how even so far back she had been thinking of escape. Yet, on the quayside in Elbe, when it had been close enough to touch, she had ducked her chance. Had she only asked, she could have been away on the
The rain clouds gathered before they were a league from Hunsford. By the time two turns had passed, the rain was thick and relentless. It persisted throughout their journey to Gondal Town, and turned the two hours break at Charlescut Halt, where her uncle had arranged to meet her, into a chilly misery.
There was some lies even the King could not tell with conviction. Also, Darcy knew his family. He had known them even at fifteen, when he had concocted that bold gamble to save his stammering, terrifyingly withdrawn cousin from the loathsome prospect of being sold in marriage to Moran.
“But think, man. To what do you propose to stand loyal? To a symbol, to a Gondal in the grip of a madman who will requite not one iota of the loyalty any one of his subjects gives him? If so, it will be in your family’s
And Harriet had written, and written again, but no answer had come. And she always remembered weeping for two whole days together when Colonel Miller’s regiment went away.
Ahead of them the sun blazed off the gilded canopy of the King’s barge, making them blink and screw up their eyes, despite all hat and canopy could do to shade them. A small figure, looking self-important even at this distance, was ceremoniously handed aboard; the trumpeters sounded, the musicians struck up, various liveried servants cast off, the bargemen’s oars hit the water as one and the ponderous parade of barges began to make their way upstream.
The Bishop’s guard turned, visibly in two minds about whether to send a party to retrieve the injured men or to muster a counter-attack. No foes being visible or further arrows forthcoming, four of them scurried forward under cover of a hastily-improvised truce flag and assisted the two injured men back into the shadows of the coaches.
“It is a circumstance which Darcy could not wish to be generally known, because if it were to get round to the lady’s family, it would be an unpleasant thing.”
“I regret, then, that I have disrupted your affairs to such little purpose. I may enjoy your hospitality only until the morning. My regiment is ordered to Fort Whitburn, to strengthen the Borders. Given the circumstances, the loyalty of the southern regiments was thought better not tested. They replace us on the north-western marches, and I wish them joy of it.”
"Ahead of me. We both roused all the ladies, and she undertook to see them all safe out. I last saw her at the stair head. Then I heard you having difficulties with Arabella, so I told her to go, and turned back to help. I’ve not seen her since –”
The Crown Prince’s face lit up. “The very point I have been considering. The short answer is, she could not. At the Gondal end, yes: the party might have been followed. But the ambush into which they walked must have been days in the planning. Our few prisoners told us as much.”
It was a good story and Elizabeth told it well; both Charlotte and Miss Hooper laughed out loud, several times. There was no reason to mention that Mr Wickham had been foremost among the aspirants to Mary King’s favours, and received a more than generous proportion of her attention in response. That was a private hurt: perhaps to be shared with Jane (though better not; it would be too reminiscent of her own woes) or with Aunt Gardiner, but with no-one else.
“Second: you know, we know and the Pretender knows so great a coup could not have been executed by one person acting alone.”
“That’s no way to talk about your intended. ’Specially when it’s not true. You lost Castle Lestrade, all by yourself. I told you to send for reinforcements, not go out after the reivers yourself.”
“Ma’am.” Molly glided into the room, mousy as ever. “Let me speak to Arabella. Most of the other ladies and their maids have made their escape but Lady Linton is confused. I think she might respond better to your voice.”
, along with her life, was her reputation? She’s been away for weeks, with no chaperone and no explanation. People have said all sorts of things. Or at least, thought them at me very loudly and allowed them to be said in front of people who then dutifully reported them. And you can hardly say that she did anything to soothe my fears, simply leaving a note saying Jonathan was a sensible man and would do his utmost to care for her. Jonathan: a common soldier!”
Without allowing herself time for consideration, and scarcely knowing what she felt, Elizabeth seized the other letter, written a day later than the conclusion of the first.
“There could scarcely be a greater, ma’am, if it were brought home to Gondal. No King’s Council would readily refuse to support a declaration of outright war in such a case. Most members would be urging the King onwards.”
“Caroline, you should not be so dismissive of Netherfield. It can hardly be bereft of fashion, given the agent told me the house was the property (or former property, I forget) of some connexion of Darcy’s, whose taste you acknowledge to be so nice.”
Harriet rang the bell, and summoned Mrs Hill to bring her a carafe of ratafia, in anticipatory celebration.
Heads turned in the wineshop, from the serving man to the little country priest sitting two tables away, drinking wine so watered it barely held a tint of pink. His mild, round-eyed gaze held no hint of chastisement, just curiosity, deep and innocent as the waters of Lake Elderno.
Through the miasma Lady Anthea signalled imperiously with her fan. Mama dropped Frances’ arm and headed in her direction. Bereft of support, Frances allowed the Crown Prince to guide her to the corner arbour, which had been contrived from evergreen shrubs brought indoors, profligately illuminated with beeswax candles. Their glow was reflected in tiny fountains in the arbour’s heart. Above their heads the casements, blissfully open, spilled cool, pine-scented air into the arbour’s centre. She breathed in, and wished her head could feel as clear as the air.
“For you, my dear?” Mrs Annesley looked at her as if the sculpted naiad in the fountain had started talking.
not his sisters. Nonetheless, with a bone-deep certainty, he understood what Darcy had not put into words, which he had made sure Charles alone heard. For here was another son of Prince Gerald newly on the throne; here was the late King’s and Queen’s daughter allied by marriage to Gaaldine, and here – the solidest and most concrete of proofs – troops on their very doorstep and more on the move.
them?” Her voice was high and breathless, filled with an indignation that was wholly unfeigned. "Brother, you wrong me. You wrong me profoundly. I sent those ear-bobs, together with other items from my casket which I had little expectation of using during the dying remnants of the season in Gondal Town to the jewellers, in the first place to be cleaned, and secondly because I feared keeping too many valuables in the house makes one a target for robbers. Can you say that fear was misplaced, given last night?
“So he’s an incompetent idiot, then.” The Surgeon-General seemed utterly unsurprised. “How do you think he would fare in a serious attack, with much at stake?”
She could barely make herself intelligible, but at length stammered out, “My previous feelings are most assuredly overset. Marrying you would make me the happiest of women. But–” Harsh reality struck. ”The King will be angry with you. He wishes you to marry Miss Hooper."
He gave the most thorough possible consideration to the consequences of his proposed course of action (most of which were unpleasant, and several entailed torture.)
No need to worry about that, now. Netherfield was let at last, and to a gentleman of good fortune. It only needed her to stir Clarence, whom disappointment had rendered indolent as well as cynical, to call upon this Mr Bingley and soon all their troubles would be over.
“A lack of initiative can be as much to be reprobated as an excess. Had he been secured, he could have told us much. He might not have wanted to, but they all do. In the end.”
Next in precedence, his younger son, Julian, who had accompanied him to Constantinople and during that six months’ absence shot up by at least four fingers in height, turning him from a round-cheeked boy to a lanky adolescent.
“Thirdly, yours were the last pair of hands through which the ear-bobs passed before they came into his possession. Whoever
How Wickham had managed in such rarefied circles, given the expensive and dissipated habits of his companions, Mr Darcy confessed he found a mystery. That Wickham had contracted debts, and strained the limited resources of his father and the generosity of his patron went as a matter of course, but, still, he had managed better than one might imagine. Though Mr Darcy touched only lightly on these matters, Elizabeth was left with the strong impression that Mr Darcy believed Wickham had survived amid the fast set of Zalona by doing favours for his wealthy fellow students: favours of a kind which would by no means withstand the light of day.
In his Will, the elder Mr Darcy bequeathed Wickham an annual competence of 600 thalers per annum, to be paid in twice-yearly instalments once Wickham reached his majority. However, by contrast to Wickham’s own account, the approach to Mr Darcy and the proposal for converting this annuity into a lump sum had come from Wickham. There was a profitable business opportunity which would assuredly make him wealthy for life, Wickham asserted, could he only find the capital to buy his share. Despite numerous remonstrances from Mr Darcy and from his man of business as to the imprudence of committing one’s entire resources to a single speculation, Wickham had carried his point. He had compromised his entire expectations for a lump sum of ten thousand thalers.
Jane lay prone across the bed, a piece of crumpled paper in her hand. As her sister entered she turned onto her back. Her tear-flecked face had set into lines of acute misery.
had found fault with her appearance when she had brought all the advantages of home to her turnout, it might be safest to present herself a trifle crumpled, to avoid undue effort all round.
The long, soothing strokes of the brush as much as the herbal drink would have lulled her almost to the point of sleep, had it not been for the sharp edge of apprehension running along every nerve. It came almost as a relief when she heard a hammering on her door and a man’s voice calling. “Ma’am! Ma’am! Open up!”
Once, Harriet had dreamed of someone saying those words to her. Then had come Clarence and she had had no more dreams. She had had children, instead.
Charles Bingley had never found his friend to present so aweful an aspect as he did now, his elbow propped against the carved marble mantelpiece of his austere townhouse.
As soon as the Collinses were out of the house, Elizabeth unearthed from her band-box all the letters which Jane had written to her since their parting.
“Never go into battle without being as well fed and rested as you can contrive,” the Crown Prince said, in a sententious tone which suggested he was quoting someone, no doubt some long-dead carpet warrior of the court of Mycroft I.
Something ached in Julian’s chest. He raised his hand to his cheek, to find it come away wet. This was the first raid where his place sent him away from the action. The jangling bite of a sword thrust, the white-hot agony of arrow wounds, the bewildering burn of gunshot – all those horrors threatend his men below, yet he was safe up here. Blood spilt tonight would not be his blood, nor would his hands do the spilling.
gentle. If this marriage to the new tenant of Netherfield were to proceed, Jane would need help. More specifically, she would need the sharp elbows and keen eye on the main chance which Harriet Watson had developed when, so many years ago, the Fates had granted her that opportunity. She had grabbed Clarence Duplessis with both hands. How could a sparsely-dowered girl (curse Papa and his endless charities and easy-going ways) do otherwise? And if she’d only borne a boy –
Walking back across the park in the evening cool, Elizabeth reflected that she had, nonetheless, acquitted herself tolerably under the relentless barrage of questions. Lady Catherine’s interrogation had not entirely prevented her from enjoying a meal more extravagant than any which had previously passed her lips and there was much of interest in Rosings itself, should she ever be allowed to examine its treasures with a modicum of leisure. They were invited again for two nights hence, by which time Elizabeth hoped her dress and hair would be the best she might contrive, given her resources.
From something Uncle John had let slip in one of his letters, King Mycroft’s namesake the current King of Gaaldine seemed to be in a fair way towards emulating his grandfather. Elizabeth prudently kept this intelligence to herself, and merely nodded to Colonel Fitzwilliam to continue.
A pale, long-fingered hand reached out and captured the letter. “John. Ring the bell. Recall the courier. Say you have received distressing family news, and wish to know more about how – and from whom – he received the letter. I shall send word to the port to deter the ship’s captain from an early departure.”
“It’s not as simple as that,” Charis said with assurance. “Papa always said that Mr Darcy – that is, this Mr Darcy’s father – was the least interested in Court intrigue of any man he knew. That’s why he always loved going to Pemberley. He said it refreshed him more than any other place on earth. I have known his children since forever. Georgiana was to have accompanied me to Gaaldine, but for some reason Papa forbade it at the last moment. He wouldn’t say why. He was very angry, though. He tried to pretend he wasn’t, but I could tell.”
Even as the banality left his lips, Charles wondered if it was even partially true. For all he knew Prince Gerald’s elder son might have been worse than his father, just better at hiding the fact. No: here was Darcy nodding, acknowledging his point.
the ensign buckled and summoned a captain. The captain looked stern and efficient and summoned two sergeants.
Even before the last catastrophe, he had known these three years his affairs were so entangled only a miracle would extricate him. Once, the accession of James Moriarty had seemed that miracle. The King had known it too, he realised.
Before he’d succumbed to the recruiting sergeant’s promises, as a lad he’d been something of a nature lover. The old Squire encouraged such things in his tenants’ children, provided it didn’t manifest as disrespect or insubordination. Trooper Musgrave felt that he probably owed his neck, to say nothing of an un-marked back, to those early lessons in walking a fine line between confidence (good) and disrespect (abhorrent.)
On those last words, there was a chilling purr to his voice. Knowing his hands had begun to shake, Giulio kept them below the level of the desk.
“Not quite. She married a gentleman of long and honourable lineage and of moderate fortune. Such a man, indeed, as her own father had been, before her marriage to the Crown Prince elevated him to the ranks of the nobility. That, I believe, was what stung the most. My father and his sisters saw it as her seeking to undo the past, in such a way as to undermine the family’s position most profoundly. The wounds still run very deep, that I know. Should the day come when I seek my father’s blessing on my own engagement, I do not doubt that my unhappy Aunt Elaine’s choices will be prominent in his thoughts. It would be hard – nigh on impossible, indeed – for me to present as my intended bride a gentlewoman of modest fortune, whatever her merits, without the risk of utterly estranging my revered Papa.”
“It was not the storm entirely. I have been sleeping badly of late. News came to Court weeks ago that a certain young friend of mine, a protégé of sorts, had suffered a grave misfortune in Gaaldine.”
Not “the Crown Princess of Gaaldine” (though even that was not a title people dared utter at Court, not these days) but unambiguously “the Queen.”
The guard commander saluted and departed. Darcy rang the bell and, when Mrs Reynolds appeared, apprised her of the latest developments. Her joy at the real prospect of Georgiana being shortly released from captivity was over-shadowed by the staggering size of the ransom being demanded.
“Since this is a family matter, I would be obliged for your assurance, as a gentleman and as my friend, that this goes no further?”
The walk, as Molly had promised, was shaded, the incline gentle and the morning cool. They were the very conditions for a rapid improvement of acquaintance, and then for an acceleration of the progress from acquaintance towards friendship. It helped that they were just close enough in age to remember some of the older residents of Meryton and its district, many of them dead these ten years or more, and to laugh over their peculiarities, reminiscences which would have left the younger Lizzie baffled.
Lady Agnes’ pallor increased. “Your grace, when her maid went to wake her the next morning, we found she had died in her sleep. It would seem – I believe save for her maid, your sister may have the last person she spoke to on this earth.”
“The King, I believe so. Or at least, he saw it as a slight, since she had not sought royal consent to wed and the wedding took place before Aunt Elaine’s mourning year was out. His resentment affected our standing at Court. Lady Catherine, in particular, felt the effects greatly.”
“ ‘Our’ news?” Black clouds of suspicion rose in her mind, but Elizabeth would not name them, would not give them power over her, not until she had to. Her uncle was a veteran of Vannstown; resistance in the teeth of the inevitable was her heritage.
She could not see the person addressed, but heard a prolonged sigh. Then, "I had hopes. This time, I indeed had hopes. The Queen promised to raise the matter of the governance of my late wife’s jointure with the King – ”
But, at the very moment when her triumph was at its height, she had laid aside her gorgeous brocades, legendary silks and tottering chopines, sold her jewels to make her nun’s dowry, and retreated to the cloister. From then she had ceased to be a sensation. Instead, she had become a legend – almost, some said, a saint.
“You would, of course, petition the King to ensure that the culprit suffered the fullest penalties that the law allows.” Now, the Crown Prince’s voice was silky smooth. “Including quartering the miscreant’s body after life was extinct and displaying suitably chosen portions in elevated positions around the principal cities of the land, to deter any imitators.”
Mr Collins’ letter built to a crescendo which Elizabeth, albeit reading with mounting anger at his presumption, could not but admit to be more true than it was kind:
Harriet poured from the decanter with a careless hand. “Kitty, my dear, for the moment you need to resign yourself. But if Lydia does well at Lake Elderno, who knows how wide our circle will be opened? But I know, love, I know how disappointment feels. Trust me. I know. I cried for two days together when Colonel Miller’s regiment went away.”
“Do not make yourself uneasy, my love. Wherever you and Jane are known you must be respected and valued; and you will not appear to less advantage for having a couple of—or I may say, three—very silly sisters. We shall have no peace at Longbourn if Lydia does not go to Lake Elderno. Let her go, then. Colonel Forster is a sensible man, and will keep her out of any real mischief; and she is luckily too poor to be an object of prey to anybody. At Lake Elderno she will be of less importance even as a common flirt than she has been here. The officers will find women better worth their notice. Let us hope, therefore, that her being there may teach her her own insignificance. At any rate, she cannot grow many degrees worse, without authorising us to lock her up for the rest of her life.”
A sheet from Papa’s portfolio of maps unrolled before the eye of her imagination. At the bottom was a hand-tinted scene of men and women in the dress of thirty years ago, who stood on a riverbank and marvelled at the single span crossing the gorge above their heads. She knew exactly where that small town was.
When this absurd masquerade had been mooted, the Earl had suggested that to save time they dine already costumed in their ball attire; the Countess, always pragmatic, had drawn to his attention the sheer impracticality of the fashions of forty years ago for decorous eating, especially for those unfamiliar with managing the sleeves. He had been a general, and a good one, but in this as ever his Countess out-manoeuvred him. The Earl of Ula’s guests ate in elegant, comfortable, modern clothing. Upstairs the clothing for the ball was arrayed on stands and a legion of nervous abigails and valets waited with pomades, baubles and brushes at the ready, poised to transform the dinner party guests into revenants from an earlier reign.
How absurd! He was the Earl of Ula, uncle to the King and now, following the fall of the Duke of Malham, the richest nobleman in Gondal (how oddly shaken he had been the other day by that observation his quiet little niece had made, though. If it had not been for Georgiana’s business and Molly’s inconceivable generosity in the matter, to her own impoverishment, it would have felt odd, very odd indeed to acknowledge mousy little Molly as the financial powerhouse of the family. Dear God, if his sister had been in the room, she’d have had apoplexy on the spot!)
If only he could confess, and then convince her that the betrayals he wrought were all for her own good. For surely the King knew best: for his cousin, for the land of Gondal, for all the three kingdoms that must and should be one kingdom, that must and should be united, the better to stand against the Pope, and the Emperor, and the Sultan.
Dissatisfied and empty, Elizabeth turned to Charlotte’s letter. In her own bereft mood she was more sensitive to the real loneliness which, without one single word to express discontent, nonetheless radiated from her friend’s letter. She was depending on Elizabeth’s visit, with a kind of despairing hope that made Elizabeth ashamed.
“Of course you weren’t.” Jane smiled affectionately at Lizzie. “My clever sister would never have consented to marry a man who kept the corpse of his first bride hidden in a chest at the foot of the marital bed. She would have been astute enough to detect his singular preference before allowing him to put the ring on her finger.”
Colonel Fitzwilliam drew a deep breath. Then he swore fluently for several minutes. Captain Lennox waited for him to run out of steam. When he had –
“I would.” The admission was barely audible, but it was made, nonetheless. The Crown Prince gave a brief, satisfied “huff.”
Melancholy as it was to know Charlotte bound to such a companion for as long as they both should live, it was still a relief to think of Mr Collins dwindled into an innocuous cousin, resident almost twenty leagues away.
“I thought it impossible for you to find me a more hideous ornament than the Mezentian Coronet,” Charis murmured, from amid the tangled bedclothes. Sherlock had arrived late and unheralded and little of the night had been spent in rest.
“I helped him land a big’un, but when I told him there was a big fee waiting for him up at the big house he was so made up he handed it over to me. But if we let on to the others, we’ll not get more than a bite apiece, if that. There’s a likely bit of shingle upriver on the beat I was searching. I’ll go ahead and get the fire started; you follow with our rations, jacks, and anything you can scrounge to put in them.”
When she rose the convent bell was ringing Nones. She stole to the window, and saw with a pang of alarm that the little figure seated under the palm was no longer alone. Arthur, son of the
Despite that, Miss Hooper possessed very regular, very pretty features, and a great quantity of soft brown hair, united with great sweetness of manner. Taking those into consideration, along with her great connections, it must be a matter of wonder that she could be on the brink of her twenty-ninth year and still lack a husband. Perhaps the greatness of her connections scared all suitors away.
The castle stormed, the rest would have been simple and delightful: picking up the strands of useful and neglected acquaintance (how, Harriet wondered, was Mary Vittoria doing now?) renewing old friendships, and storing up connections for later seasons, so they would be placed to launch their girls creditably upon the world.
Only the need to conceal her emotions brought her back to herself. She bestirred herself to converse with her aunt and uncle, who were exclaiming over the beauties of the woodland through which they were walking, and, in her uncle’s case, speculating about the prospects for fishing in the little river which bordered the path.
turn her into nothing, except she consent. Elizabeth, accept it. Your daughter’s hand rests on a fulcrum by which she intends to shift worlds and time. And she pushes hard, and in the right direction.”
As the two groups parted, the carriage-and-horses group towards whatever extravagance by way of Sunday dinner had been bespoke at Rosings and the walking party towards Hunsford high street, Elizabeth could only reflect that Colonel Fitzwilliam, at least on first acquaintance, seemed a great deal more amiable than his cousin.
It had been rash, she’d known at the time, dancing so many times with the King. But the new silk gown was so gloriously flattering and the attention of the company as exhilarating as first-class brandy – not that she’d known much of brandy, then. Back in those days, she hadn’t needed to. John had tugged her by the sleeve, telling her to moderate her wild ways and his companion, the hostage prince, had looked down his nose at her, both of which had fired her to keep going.
The old woman roused herself. Her lower face was still swathed in shawls but above it her eyes were very bright, almost as blue as the sapphire earrings in Elizabeth’s hidden bundle. It occurred to Elizabeth she must have been pretty, once. Now she was staring, absolutely staring at her, making her flush with alarm and anger:
The weather remained clear long after the winter storms should have started. “King’s weather,” said Lady Lucas, who was inclined to be sentimental about the dark-haired prince who had so recently become a king. “A green winter makes a fat churchyard,” Aunt Phillips muttered.
She made her expression bright, open and engaging. It had been so easy to do that back when she had been Lizzie’s age and at Court.
“Not one step further.” Colonel Fitzwilliam’s voice was low and deadly. “First, you would lose your money. And, with it, my regard. My cousin attended their wedding. That is, you do mean Lydia Wickham, yes?”
She surrendered to the inevitable. “Please feel free to speak, sir. You may be confident in my discretion.”
The same footman was awaiting him. Same footman; different livery. This was not a summons from his cousin but from the King. Horrifying recollections of that morning’s indiscretions danced across his mind. He set his face. “Well?”
Charis’ hand smacked down onto the tooled leather expanse of the desk. “John! Admit it. You’ve not listened to a single thing I have said for at least the last quarter turn.”
“Good. The event promises splendidly. Live dragons are to perform a masque for our evening’s entertainment and Frances is in so much doubt about what to wear that I have persuaded her to appear as Venus Anadyomene, to avoid her having to make her mind up.”
“First, the betrothal necklace was indeed stolen. In consequence, the Pretender of Gondal is, reportedly, livid. He will stop at nothing to track down and punish anyone who may have been responsible for his humiliation in this regard.”
The little doctor smartly knocked the salmon on the head, whipped out a knife from inside his coat, ripped through its belly, and emptied its entrails into the stream, doubtless for the profit of its ever-loving family and in view of the chance of capturing a bigger fish in the same spot three years from now. Trooper Musgrave, who had once spent a drunken evening around their mess fire hearing Trooper Ferris discoursing on ‘metaphor’, shivered through every nerve.
An unexpected wave washed in just as the two men reached the landward end of the gangplank. It lifted, and the young clerk stumbled, almost sprawling. His papers slithered from his hands and distributed themselves all over the ground. He said something brief and emphatic in a language Charlotte had never heard before.
The lady addressed inclined her head languidly. “Not a stick in the place that doesn’t deserve to be burnt.”
“No more you can, my dear.” Mrs Annesley patted her on the shoulder. “And besides, I doubt there’s thirty men on the place, and two-thirds of them beardless boys or doddering granddads. But there must be something we can do. Mrs Reynolds, have you any thoughts?”
“Frances, I have watched you these last months. You appear to have made it your mission to gather as much data as you can about the plants and animals of Gaaldine: at least, so far as the limitations of the season and your own circumstances permit.”
What was more, for all Jane and Lizzie’s disapproving looks, Harriet took Lydia’s point. A girl’s time to shine was all too brief. One winter’s cancelled balls might mean the difference between prosperous marriage or starveling spinsterhood. Nor would King Ambrosine have expected any girl Lydia’s age to make such a sacrifice. On that point, she knew herself on certain ground.
family? Darcy’s stomach gave a sick lurch. The whole damnable scheme swung dizzily his eyes. So that was what the King planned? He and Molly to be squeezed into a forced marriage within a matter of weeks, compelled by threats to his sister. Dear God, why had he not insisted on Georgiana being sent to Rome or Vienna when he had the chance?
And all his men, including the deserters, must have been insinuating themselves into the household, especially with the kitchen and scullery maids, for the best part of a day. Anyone could have learnt of the bill of fare, and raided the troop’s medical supplies for enough opium to render the sergeant
Colonel Fitzwilliam paused. “I believe it promised most favourably, until my aunt died giving birth to my cousin Molly. Even that did not reconcile the King to her widower and child. They lived in the most perfect obscurity until Sir Vernon also died, when Molly was about ten. In offering to adopt her, my aunt Catherine risked any advances she had made into the King’s good graces, and though the Queen supported her fully, I believe she very much felt the estrangement from Court circles and her friends there.”
“Aye. He’s her cousin: a clerk or somesuch to Lady Catherine de Bourgh, the lady of Rosings, and a prosy sort of gent he seems to be, to say nothing of penny-pinching. His wife’s a different matter, though. The fishmonger spoke highly of her.
Had Peter a sister, he would not have been happy to see her brought to the King by an armed troop, no demurral possible.
Gradually he climbed up through the woods, following the line of a little stream, which twisted and turned as it made its way down the valley side. By the time he emerged above the tree-line onto the bare moors, the little community he had left was invisible, hidden behind a fold of the woodland.
He could have said many other, more politic things. But to a straight question, there was only one possible answer.
However, such thoughts flew to the four winds the moment she was confronted with the man himself. Indeed, she found herself unexpectedly tongue-tied, and from a sidelong glance at Mr Darcy, spots of crimson high on otherwise pallid cheeks, she thought him in little better case.
Mr Duplessis should have done was to threaten him with cold steel, pistols at dawn or something dramatic and lethal along the same lines. He was not a good man himself – George Wickham had never been prone to self-delusion – but by God and the Holy Virgin, he hoped he would never so uselessly abandon any daughter of his own in similar circumstances. Even the odious Darcy had done more for Lyddie, though he was damned if he could see what Darcy’s angle was in the whole affair.
Molly read the letter once, then read it again. Aunt Catherine raised her eyebrows, and motioned, slightly, with one hand.
His words were soothing but Charlotte’s nerves tingled. There was something she was not being told. She had spent too long being fed pap, for stomach and mind both.
little chat but Our diary is so crowded these days, that I am going to have to shoo you away. One last thing, before you go. There is to be a ball at the Palace this day week. I hope you will open it with my sister.”
her moment, just as it is Charis’. Which reminds me. I have had word of Charis – most disquietingly.”
Mrs Gardiner’s hand tightened on Elizabeth’s arm. Thus forewarned, she turned to meet her mother with a suitably composed expression.
After a little thought, she sealed it and placed it inside an envelope addressed to Mgstra Sarai Benveniste at the Poor Person’s Lying In Hospital in Gaaldine’s capital, under cover of a brief couple of lines asking her to forward it to John Watson since Elizabeth was unsure of his current direction. She still cherished memories of the unassuming woman with the brilliant smile who had accompanied her convalescent uncle to Longbourn after the disaster of Vannstown and who had made a point of sending birthday gifts to her and Jane for years after. She, too, might be suffering the aftermath of the Crown Prince’s downfall, since he was, Elizabeth collected, the principal patron of the hospital. Still, her uncle had spoken of Sarai Benveniste principally in connection with the Princess’s charitable work there and that might shield her, at least for the moment.
"Gambling. That giggling girl our newest lieutenant brought with him – I’d bet ten thalers they’re not married, whatever they claim–”
He did not allow himself to move a muscle. “It’s a lesson I learned on the road from Vannstown. Your excuse?”
A meteor streaked down the night sky. One moment there, the next gone and yet the impression still burned across his vision as if it would be there forever.
The smoothness as the knife went in left her, as ever, unprepared for the pain that followed. She took another, numbing swallow of brandy and pointed towards the letter.
“Ma’am. It seems we’ve been dancing around each other all day, with you down at the argosy and us looking for intelligence on the road to Hunsford. It’s past time you and me had a talk.”
For the first time in this interview, he could found himself able to speak unconstrained. "Indeed, your grace, with your pardon, I do. A State ball – the first since Court mourning has ended, a se’nnight from now – Molly to appear as the first lady there, when both of us know our Aunt Catherine’s views on the requisite modesty of dress and adornment for –” He paused, abruptly.
“We weren’t – we weren’t at all – that is, they all thought we were amusing, and anyway if you want to point at one of your sisters for making an ass of herself, how about Mary?
“Well-schooled indeed, ma’am,” Elizabeth interjected smoothly. “I have been driven behind those animals several times. But any beasts will struggle on an indifferent road, especially when that road is rendered a quagmire after a week’s autumn rains.”
“As you can imagine, I have been included in hunting parties on Malham lands since I was first able to shoulder a gun. The Northern lodge, though, is only for the serious hunters, those with experience and without fear. And they only visit at certain times of year. From the Northern lodge they hunt only wild boar. Wolves. Sometimes bear.”
“Could not there be some hope of reconciliation, even now?” Jane asked. “The fact of correspondence may be shown, but who is to say the Duke and his son had bad intentions behind it? At times such as this, is it not a Christian duty to reach out to one’s enemies? Perhaps the King may be brought to see this.”
“There was a fair; they’ll have told you as much. The Crown Prince was disguised as a travelling fiddler. The two of them met; they were close enough to touch. His grace took something from Hebron, flipped it over the parapet. It glinted as it fell. A knife or something of that sort, I reckon.”
“They’ve sent for a physician.” Trooper Potts, nineteen and looking younger, was a weaselly bit of work but his information was normally reliable and always early.
Caroline’s head went up like a pointer scenting game. She left with unseemly haste. Doubtless, Charles thought with a rare tincture of sourness, she planned to interrogate their hostess about her less-than-genteel antecedents. As if Caroline couldn’t remember coming home in tears from dancing class and being comforted by Father after some slight or other from the aristocratic daughters of Gondal. The Bingleys came of mercantile stock. A physician with a quality professional connection would doubtless have disdained an introduction to their grandparents.
She shrank back amid the cushions, conscious both of having gone too far and of profound weariness, as if acknowledging a heavy burden had made it feel heavier still. Dimly, she perceived Mrs Annesley patting her hand.
With the memory of Mr Darcy her thoughts turned in a different direction, to Gondal Town and Jane, now staying with Uncle and Aunt Gardiner. A handful of days remained before they must meet again, and over that reunion, which two weeks ago Elizabeth had anticipated with such keen excitement, now hung the shadow of Mr Darcy’s proposal and, more, the contents of his letter describing the role he had played in destroying the happiness of Jane and his friend.
“My ‘ownership’ would be the merest sham: my brother intends to manage the old Duke’s lands through me as a figurehead and through them buy the loyalty of whomsoever his glance falls upon as my husband.”
“To be here so early, you must have left the country before sun up. I suspect, too, you may not have eaten. Come with me, and let me introduce me to some friends of mine, who do not move in Court circles but who keep their ears to the ground, nonetheless. To the extent my advice is worth having, it may be because I have them as a sounding board when perplexed. And they are not without experience in transferring young women about the three kingdoms. If the Crown Princess is indeed now in Castle Cavron, she owes her safe arrival to the friends in question.”
“However scandalous that marriage, it could not have proceeded without the consent of Lady Agnes’ father, the Earl. I know – I think I know – how he was coerced into making that decision. Even so, I would not for my own part allow the King to make a like choice for Georgiana.
Miss Vittoria rang a bell and a maid-servant brought pastries and a choice of white wine or lemonade, both admirably chilled. Elizabeth chose lemonade and saw, with surprise, that Mama did, also.
Charlotte appeared so overcome by the possibility that the King’s sister could even have thought of pouring coffee for her that the truth of this proposition was almost proved by actual experiment. Quietly, Elizabeth put out a hand and gave the wobbling silver spout a surer direction.
“And if there is anything we can do to assure you of those, we will do it.” She drew a deep breath. “But surely – we are arriving in Lady Catherine’s carriage. You bear the surname ‘Hooper’. Surely someone will put two and two together?”
At the unfamiliar, brittle tone in Mrs Annesley’s voice, Georgiana’s eyes flew wide open. There was nothing strange about her companion’s expression: she was the same calm, gentle personas ever. Yet — this was what justice demanded, after all, and it turned out it was no easier to say to one woman in a deserted summerhouse than it had been to declare to the serried ranks of Gondal, as she had been forced in her dreams.
Something about that assertion caught at his mind, like a burr in a cloak. He teased at it, trying to dislodge it.
Her aunt took this as a civil hint the housekeeper had duties she must be about. They gave their thanks, and were handed into the care of the gardener, to be shown the pleasure-grounds. They had, though, barely crossed the paved area in front of the house (her uncle had just turned to admire the front elevation, and speculate about the date of the building) when its master himself turned the corner from the stables, barely twenty paces in front of Elizabeth.
“When we get inside, leave me to do the talking. And whatever you hear or see, try not to look surprised.”
had had responsibility thrust upon her, but Olivia had worn it like a garment, even at seven years old. That was why Charlotte had always felt like a perpetual imposter. That was why she had always known she needed to make a superhuman effort to make up for that deficiency.
“Our gallant cousin? I am happy to say report has him well, and pushing back strongly against the Gaaldinian incursion.”
“You do? Then, have it. He is a fribble, albeit one with a keen eye to the main chance, and certain connections which may either kill or cure his prospects. My youngest daughter is most perfectly matched to him in every respect: sense, taste and judgment. But none of that matters. Lydia gave him her maidenhead; he thought to take it cheaply and now the price turns out to be higher than he intended. But he will pay it, all the same. Send a messenger to compel your husband to send the express. Now. And after you have done so, we can have a comfortable coze together, cousin Penelope. But send the messenger first.”
"Madam; I concur. Miss Elizabeth is admirably frank and would not toy with a man’s hopes, whether directly or at one or two times removed. But can I honourably ask a woman of character to enter into a
“Back in place, sir,” Harriet said with satisfaction. She stepped back. “Here, sip this, while Hill has your room made up. Ma’am, are you travelling with your tiring woman or can I offer you the assistance of my own girl, to allow you to freshen up after your journey?”
After a pause which seemed to last for a thousand years, Darcy raised his whip to his hat, barely. The officer, in turn, raised his own hand in reciprocation. Then Darcy turned his mare’s head with a savage emphasis which made Charles fear both for her mouth and for his friend’s state of mind. He had time only for a despairing and apologetic glance over his shoulder in the general direction of Miss Duplessis, before his mare plunged after her stable-mate.
“I doubt it’s the first lie you’ve been told by the same source. So. We can assume that the house descended from father to son, as is the hallowed way of Gondal.” She did not even attempt to stop the bitterness leaking into her voice. “And also, that your confidential man’s been talking to him, behind your back.”
She drew him towards the first floor suite of rooms, which had already been put in excellent order for the use of his Grace the King.
That proved more optimistic than warranted; the church itself was a good half-league away, and they did not begin the ascent of the celebrated hill for another half turn after that. The lower slopes of Paulson’s Hill were thickly wooded: their path to the summit wound through the most delicious shade, so that when they finally emerged amid the crags and scorched, sparse vegetation of the hill top the brilliant noon light dazzled them. And then –
“Not the slightest harm in the world. I crossed the Adriatic not three nights ago. By that time it was known that Miss Darcy had already landed on Italian shores and the Grande Contessa di Astola (the sister of her paternal grandmother: a most redoubtable dowager, famed for her piety) had received her into her house. Given the Grande Contessa’s connections, few doubt Miss Darcy will be granted a formal audience with His Holiness, after which her
my brother cannot abide being thwarted and you are likely – at best – to find yourself stripped of your estates as thoroughly as the Duke of Malham was and with
allegiance is to Gondal. I would see Charis enthroned in state, spend the rest of my life ensuring the peace and prosperity of her land, and find my final resting place beneath this land’s rocky moors.”
Elizabeth chewed at her lower lip. Nothing could be more disinterested than Wickham’s concern for the Princess, or more flattering than his assumption that she might be in a position to assist him. Nor was the thing
"Those wars, sir, were problems for the last generation. We are in the here and now. I am to send back my answer within the turn. If I do not –”
His brows narrowed. “My sister is the richest heiress in Gondal. She is also my sister. Who would be fool enough
She looked down demurely. “I am delighted our opinions coincide so nicely, sir. It is rare in my experience. A decade ago, when Colonel Moran first paid his addresses, my aunt was puzzled – and not a little angered – when I refused him. But now it hardly matters. To avoid such issues in future, my brother proposes to settle the lands sequestrated from the Duke of Malham upon me as my dower lands. He summons me to Court so he may endow them with all speed. What, sir, am I to do?”
He eyed her speculatively, but she did not mistake it for a different kind of interest. This was high politics, nothing more, except that within this jungle lay her chance to avenge David and see his body given due reverence.
Jonathan ducked his head. “And so shall we all. Though doubtless your little, round-eyed, blinking priest will know how to pray for him by name. And her grace the Queen; she’ll pray for him, but mostly, she’ll pray for the Pretender. Still
Her stomach lurched. Dear God, how old had she been? And why, why, why hadn’t it been John to accompany their father that night?
They had worked long enough together to overlook an occasional familiarity. Nevertheless, Colonel Fitzwilliam’s voice had an edge to it.
After that, things moved like lightning. Within no time at all, a team of soldiers were being directed to erect partitioning in the disputed barn to keep the respective stores of grain separate against future argument. Talk was being had of roofing two disused outbuildings to free up yet more storage space for both parties against the winter.
Colonel Fitzwilliam shivered, a goose walking over his grave. In the days to come, a matter as little as the stress Darcy had placed on the word “favourite” might send them both to the Caitiff’s Tower. Darcy’s people were famously loyal but, even so there were ears ever open to receive such stuff. Odd, how habit accustomed one to ideas one would have pronounced unthinkable six short months ago.
Frances could have said a great deal on that subject, and when the boy, with his bright eyes and precocious intelligence, was out of earshot she planned to do so. She signalled with her eyebrows to Jonathan and he reached inside his jerkin.
A day of shocks indeed! How would Uncle John fare, caught up in such an intrigue, with his loyalties to the Crown Princess above all else?
“Is it not obvious? Charis is likely, in due course, to be Queen of Gaaldine and, should fortune permit, also of Gondal. When that day comes, it will help if she knows as many languages as possible. It is fortunate that chance has thrown two native speakers of a hitherto obscure language which seems to be attaining unexpected commercial importance into our ken.”
“An argosy?” Charlotte savoured the word in her mouth. It felt familiar and exotic at the same time, with a curious edge. Surely she had heard it before: in a song, maybe? An elusive memory beat at her brain with futile moth wings. Never mind. It would come to her in time. Such things always did.
The Crown Prince inclined his head in acknowledgement. “I do. I gave it away, many years ago, to a little girl so fiercely loyal to her own that she was willing to go into Hell to protect her pet dog. Given the passage of time, I imagine the dog is no longer with us but I have no doubt the loyalty remains. Towards whom, though, is it extended now?”
“Those hills border Malham lands,” Miss Darcy breathed, almost too low for Elizabeth to catch. Certainly none of the other ladies seemed to have done so: Mrs Gardiner and Mrs Annesley had moved on to other improvements to the district made by Mr Darcy’s father, and Miss Bingley was standing by the window, in a pose designed to show her profile to best advantage, pointedly avoiding conversation. Elizabeth knitted her brows in speculation.
you be married on the morrow, we’d most like be up at the villa already, making sure you was worldly wise enough.”
The little priest blinked. “Ma’am, so far as I know, he is in perfect health. But he is bid to wait on my Lord Bishop; there is a convention on canon law in Gondal Town and Father Hunter (he hides his light under a bushel, so you may not be aware how great a scholar this district has shielded these many years) is bid attend. I am here to deputise while he is absent.”
“I do not doubt you can listen. And I trust you, too and that is a blessing beyond price. I have few people whom I can trust.”
No, the Court of King James was no safe place for either Jane or Lizzie. Her irritation, though, was more profound. It was so
He nodded to the Gaaldinian. “Thank you. Give me a quarter of a turn, and I shall address the men. Please tell them so.”
“He may well do. But it is Herodotos I wish to commend to you at present. He would sit down and listen to stories from every source, whether they be kings, generals, sailors, soldiers, market traders or fishwives. While he heard many lies, tall tales fashioned specially for his hearing, he gained many insights which would not have been his had he adopted less expansive methods. In which light, did you have occasion to hear the songs of the Borders, when you travelled between Gondal and Gaaldine?”
“Here’s the thing. A carriage-load of men arriving in Elbe, that’s news to them at the villa, because they might be customers. But a carriage-load of women arriving, that’s
Mycroft raised his eyes. “By the time you were her age, you were widowed, with a five year old child. Or am I mistaken on that point?”
Although no-one could call her handsome, in that moment Miss Darcy looked most truly her brother’s sister. "You truly think so? What –”
“And the care he puts into it shines through,” Elizabeth agreed, grateful to have a compliment she could pay without any shade of equivocation.
If only dear Jane were a little more forthcoming in her efforts to secure such an eligible prospect. If only Mr Bingley were not so beset with gatekeepers, hostile to the very idea and far more alert than Harriet might wish.
He had lost track of the days; Sunday meant nothing to him. In any event, the stark unreason of Sally’s words caught him short.
Elizabeth had heard of Lord Lestrade from her uncle John, whose account put his lordship in no good light.
Having devoted his life to rising in his trade, he had now achieved the pinnacle of his ambition and found, like many before him, such elevation was a cold and lonely place. Mrs King, uniting a knowledge of the ropemaker’s mysteries and a warm, confiding personality, would have been precisely the woman to win his heart, even leaving aside her handsome house and prospering business. Mrs King, too, was far from unwilling to make a second matrimonial experiment, once she had ascertained that Milord di Sidonia cherished no unreasonable expectations that his wife would withdraw into idle gentility once the ring reached her finger.
The green leaves of Rosings park waved above them. In the circumstances, Elizabeth found it difficult to feel too much sympathy for Lady Catherine.
“And failed, evidently. Something else will have to be done. This is beyond even my powers; I shall have to call upon an older and stronger authority.”
“Sir! Read this! Read it at once – it arrived by express from Hunsford, and the courier waits below to take our answer by return.”
“We manage tolerably. Meryton is a quiet district, and so we have learnt to make the most of such little sensations as come our way and not to fret overmuch when they go. By this time next year, the regiment’s visit will have passed into local legend; of
“The Northern hunting lodge was the original seat of the d’Ancona family, from their first arriving in these lands six hundred years ago and more. The ruins of their ancestral castle form its walls. It lies at the head of a thickly forested ravine. Regiments of Gondal’s finest troops could enter that ravine and be swallowed up as completely as the German forests swallowed Varus and all their legions. Their enemies would hunt them from the shadows; the bogs would suck them down; terror would stalk them by night; arrows pierce them in broad daylight. There are mosses in those forests swarming with mosquitoes and miasmas breathing pestilence. We cannot extract Georgiana from the Northern hunting lodge by force of arms, not even if we trade fifty men for one.”
“And what of the lady herself?” the ostler asked. “Should I send word to the kitchen to send something up?”
“My cousin Collins, who will be at liberty to turn you and our daughters out of Longbourn as soon as the last breath leaves my body.”
“Judging by the long ballad about the outlaw wooing the castle lady with which Miss Duplessis delighted us one evening in Elbe, I think in your place I would leave off mentioning your trifling saw-mills and olive groves until later and emphasise the expropriation of your wealth.”
Anyway, he’d had a bad feeling about this mission from the start, and the better the food and beer were now they’d reached their objective (and they weren’t being stinted, either, credit to the Pemberley kitchens) the worse his feeling got. Further, while he and Sarge had a proper professional detestation of each other, he had to admit that Sarge had an equally proper and even more professional detestation of the wet-behind-the-ears pathetic excuse of a Rupert with which the brass at HQ had landed them with this time. Which made his bad feeling practically official.
“Tell me!” The words ripped out of her. “Tell me! What were the ‘events in the north’ which concerned Mr Darcy’s sister?”
“Molly?” Mr Darcy sounded aghast. “Have you run mad? If you are discovered here, the King will have you hauled to the Catiff’s Tower.”
He nodded. “Trust me, your secret is safe, and I hope things may have been misrepresented and everything will soon look brighter for you and your family shortly. Give my very best wishes to your aunt and uncle, and to your sister Jane. God bless!”
Bless them, her two elder daughters had wit enough for all five. They had done this before, too: one of the haymakers who, leaping extravagantly from a wain to impress his girl, had suffered a similar injury.
Her lips twisted. For the first time in twenty years she felt the thrill of proximity to great affairs, compared to which wine or brandy were pallid substitutes. Nor need she expect to remain at one remove from this greatest of all matters, immured in country seclusion.
with child. Were I to be so, it would be an event unprecedented since the Archangel Gabriel visited Nazareth. Furthermore, whatever the Court gossips may insinuate, I am on the best of terms with the Crown Princess.”
“Mine aren’t the credentials to pass current at Rosings, ma’am. And I’d lay odds that your brother would know I’d made the approach long before you was ever told of it.
After a few professions of condolence, expressed in the most patronising and insulting of terms, her father’s cousin struck to the meat of the matter. It seemed he had taken it upon himself to inform Lady Catherine de Bough and her niece of the whole affair, which the Duplessis family had hoped to keep tight within their own family circle.
If he took the hint, he showed no signs of acting on it. He sat down for a few moments, and then, getting up, walked about the room in a manner so agitated that Elizabeth wondered what liquors had Lady Catherine been serving at her party. Not wishing to provoke him if her surmise were true, she remained silent, hoping he might come to his senses, and leave. Instead, his erratic perambulations about the room soon brought him close to her chair, at which point he burst into speech.
there came another novelty. The Rosings party, rather than making their usual rapid exit in the Rosings carriage, seemed minded to linger outside the church door. Much to Elizabeth’s surprise (and to Mr Collins’ ineffable gratification) they found themselves positively summoned to Lady Catherine’s side and introduced to her other nephew, the younger son of her brother the Earl, with a degree of conscious hauteur that could only make it all the clearer that the introduction had been at Colonel Fitzwilliam’s request.
The stone gave back the day’s heat. The rising harvest moon bathed the old house and estate in a deceptively serene silver light. A falling star streaked down the sky, perhaps a portent of events to the south.
The summer house looked enchanting, the wicker chairs made comfortable with cushions and bright rugs. Steam rose from the silver pot above the spirit burner. Mrs Annesley, with that firm but gentle manner of hers, told the hovering footman that no, they would serve themselves. Careless of decorum, Georgiana lent back amid the cushions and let her eye-lids droop.
“My name is Peter Brenzaida.” His hand reached up and grasped Darcy’s wrist with unexpected strength. “I am – I was the officer guarding Georgiana Darcy. I have escaped my captors and need to bring news of her to her family. Tell me, Which direction is Pemberley?”
the heir-presumptive to the throne of Gaaldine lecture him on what a Gondalian peasant needed to survive?
“And would you also say they speak truth if I said I had heard they also hate those of southern Gondal, those of the Court most of all; that their loyalty, hard won as it is, is equally hard lost and that they detest change?”
The Countess had frequently considered her daughter-in-law, beautiful and well-connected as she was, the most empty-headed woman in the three kingdoms. But the urge to slap her had never been stronger than in this moment. It might even
“Within the next year or so, I plan to commission a memorial chapel at the Abbey of Norburyness. It will be for a young relative of mine cut off before he even touched his prime.”
His heart stopped. Darcy’s sister, their joint ward, was just fifteen, and her youth was not the only reason her marriage was an ever-present worry to her guardians.
Put that way, it did seem a prudent course of action. “So Miss Georgiana and Mrs Apsley – no, Annersley – were captured?”
With sneering civility, she said, “And so, as a result of their colonel-in-chief’s fall from grace, the Duke’s regiment is removed from Meryton and they say is to be broken up entirely. Surely, Miss Duplessis, that must be a great loss to
“It’s done, my lord. All in position. A rider came in a quarter of a turn ago. The convoy has left Egremont.”
“One would be unwise to do so and not just because the King may take offence,” the priest said severely, though Charlotte thought she detected a twinkle in his eye. “May not his grace be supposed to have learned caution from his young cousin’s adventure?”
Treacherous tears welled up. She turned, so the girls might not see, blotted her eyes with the edge of her napkin and rang the bell for another jug of negus.
“Lizzie asks if we have her permission to travel to a villa near Elbe, to enjoy a week of sea air with Miss Molly Hooper, the first lady of the land. Mrs Collins is to accompany them.”
inauspicious the season, and while they had been deprived of the ball, the company had come to them, all the same. Tears of relief swam in her eyes, so that the three tall, cloaked figures in the doorway blurred into dim apparitions.
“Not for some while, perhaps.” Julian stroked his chin, hoping the gesture made him look older. “But the marshes along the western road bog down heavy wagons in all but the driest parts of the summer, and the flies make that way a torment in all seasons when it’s passable. And there is not shipping enough in the three kingdoms to send all Gondal’s freight by sea. Provided we make our toll rates known, I daresay there’ll be some willing to pay them, even on top of the King’s.”
get up off his narrow, bony backside and exert himself to that end, she had – it shamed her to recall, to be honest, but she had been so desperate at the time – leant on Lizzie to accept Mr Collins. Who was a clerk on a stipend at the mercy of a capricious and cold-hearted patron without even
“There is no need for any sacrifice on my account. I spoke too hastily. The place holds no memories for me, pleasant or otherwise. We did not visit there. Charles has been looking for a place so long, now he has found one that suits he had best close with it. Be assured, I should be happy to visit you there, should I be invited.”
Between the cressets on the forecourt, on the eve of the inaugural State Ball of his nephew’s reign, very carefully, very slowly, with the utmost consideration and no sign given to the outer world, the Earl of Ula put every last room of his mental mansion into proper order.
The Crown Prince considered that for a moment. “Indeed. But you will see that all reasons why it is plausible this Elizabeth should have written are equally good reasons why someone might have worked on her to write. But who can that be, that’s the question? I have asked John, and it seems his niece is some two years older than Charis.”
Here he turned to Harriet, rather nervously. Assessing her to be the person who might judge whether her daughter’s suitor
your proposals. Including the ones you have implied, but failed to make explicit. By the way, I cannot
you were. No, ma’am. Direct is best. I’ve information that’s to your advantage and it’s my job to see you hear it.”
Nothing in Aunt Gardiner’s words or tone could raise the slightest question about her sympathy for the policy. Her face, though – Elizabeth shuddered once more. This time she could not avoid her aunt’s sharp eyes.
His stately progress across the Great Court echoed, in his own ears, the sound of a man walking to the gallows foot. Not that a man of his rank would ever see a gallows, however James Moriarty’s humour took him.
Elizabeth sat up and reached for her portable writing desk. Wickham had been right. It was her plain duty to send Uncle John a letter. How she might contrive to get it into Gaaldine was another day’s problem. For now, writing was the thing. Writing letters to one’s relations was one of the few respectable solitary occupations a lady could claim. Let her avail herself of it, then.
stuck in her throat. For the life of her, she could not utter them. She swallowed, hard. ”And the cousin of the Crown Princess of Gaaldine."
“I’ve put out your blue cloak with the white rabbit fur collar for Betsey to take to the Palace with you, look, here. You might think it’s a warm night now, but at dawn it will be a different story, especially coming straight out to it from a hot ballroom. On no account let Betsey forget it. Now, let’s begin with your hair.”
“The shoulder is doing well. An excellent piece of work, sir. I foresee you will be able to rise from your bed by the day after tomorrow.”
Nor was it possible to dismiss it as the misguided partiality of someone who depended on the Darcy family for everything. Her words amplified and confirmed all the chambermaid had said that morning, and everything about the rooms through which they passed reinforced their truth. Take, for example, the elegance and charm of the sitting room which the master of the house had just had fitted out for his sister Georgiana, to surprise her on her return from Lake Elderno.
They were a good three-quarters of the way down the pile when the panicked whinnying began. Then the shouting.
As if on cue, a wasp came buzzing over the tea-table. The yellow on its back shone bright in the sun, like that extraordinary silk turban Caroline Bingley affected. Recalling Miss Bingley, Georgiana suppressed a giggle. She could see exactly how it must have been with the Duke and the debutantes. Levity only lasted a moment, though. The Duke, who had been almost as much a
“Where is Father Hunter?” she asked and then, conscious of appearing brusque, “that is, I had expected to see him here. I trust he is in health?”
“Georgiana is too modest about her abilities. I often try to convince her that she is the best artist in the family, but she will not hear it.”
Her mother, normally the gentlest of women (how often she saw Mama in Jane!) had made it known that no servant of hers would use such methods on pain of summary dismissal. Her gentleness had told against her: no-one believed a word of it. Until the day came when Mama walked in upon Molly giving such an admonition to David and Julia (who would taken by typhoid before the year was out,
It might be a trap, but, even so, this room was a greater one. He uttered a quick prayer to the Virgin, reached for the drainpipe to the right of the window, and swung himself out.
“Traquair? But he’s pushing sixty if he’s a day, and Lady Agnes must be even younger than Georgiana.”
She had, more than once, wondered if Colonel Fitzwilliam were attracted to her. If so, this might well be his way of letting her down lightly.
Had James Moriarty been privy to the opinions expressed in the sewing lofts and workshops of Gondal Town in the week leading up to the long-delayed State Ball, it is likely that the numbers of severed heads crowning the gates of the city for the crime of misspeaking the King would have trebled. The seamstresses of Gondal were a tight-knit sisterhood, however. Freely as they spoke among themselves, no word leaked to the King’s agents.
Without conscious thought she moved and had her hand on the door-knob before Jeanette hissed, “Ma’am!” and threw the heavy blue cloak across the room to her.
“Yes.” Charlotte was looking anywhere but at her. “Mr Collins has made me an offer of marriage, and I have accepted him.”
“It hardly feels so. Though, at least, I am acquiring greater facility with the language. Regrettably, perhaps.”
“Hush. Even here, such words are dangerous. Come, cousin, let us back to the chapel. It may be God has a miracle in store for Gondal, even at this late date.”
Colonel Fitzwilliam led them to sit on a fallen tree, having first spread his handkerchief so that Elizabeth’s gown could take no hurt from its mossy bark.
“The roads will be open from Gondal Town,” Mama said. “Your Uncle and Aunt Gardiner and the children will be able to come to us for Christmastide.”
, white with the dust of the road, stood before the table. Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted a drooping, exhausted mule being led off by the inn’s ostler.
“I responded to his letter inviting him to visit when his duties to his patroness permitted, and his reply of a se’nnight ago told me that if he was not summoned elsewhere –
Frances’ voice wobbled a little. A sense of sacrilege in initiating this meeting in a Cathedral, albeit one dedicated to a faith not her own, increased her shakiness.
Until he and Mr Bingley arrived at Longbourn early one morning, Elizabeth had been almost convinced Mr Darcy would send his apologies, and avoid the vicinity of Longbourn until the end of time.
Exactly as if she had spoken aloud, the Crown Prince added, “My uncle the late King Rollo, as a matter of fact. Who, to do him justice, had more practical experience of warfare than you might imagine.”
A woman whom the Pretender of Gondal would allow to sketch him as he slept was not, surely, a woman whom mere coincidence had brought to Elbe. Not at such a time.
