“As you please,” Thor agreed. “Breathe out.”
“This is the car,” Steve agreed and put his hand out. “Steve Rogers.”
"Not yet," Steve groaned, like he couldn't bear the idea of not being stretched impossibly full of cock. Tony bit his cheek, demanding his body hold on a little longer. He could give Steve a good fucking if that was what Steve needed.
Thor began to work another finger in as well. Clearly, Steve was having a harder time taking it now, his legs spread as far as they would go. Tension came and went along his back in ripples as Steve tried to relax enough to take four fingers. “Hey, Steve,” he said quietly and waited a moment until he thought Steve was focusing. “You look like a slut.”
“Shut up,” Clint said companionably, gripped Tony by the hair, and demanded, “Thor, you deal the cards. You’ve seen me do it.” That said, Clint shifted Tony back down. “I want you to take me all the way. Think you can do that?”
But there was something happening behind him. A warm, wet tongue was smoothing around his plugged hole, making the sensitive skin goose pimple, and the tongue wasn’t stopping there. It slipped down, lapping at his balls and perineum, just taking big, flat swipes at any available flesh. A strong, soft hand closed around his cock, stroking it slowly while Tony lapped and licked. Steve thought he might come right
"You did really good, man," Clint told Tony, taking his hand and chafing it. "But the scene is done. You alright there?" Steve came back and they pressed a bottle of cold water into Tony's other hand.
“I didn’t hear the magic word,” Tony pointed out. No stoplight code, no safeword, Clint was going to keep pushing. Tony had some big ideas for what he was going to do with Steve the next time he got the man alone.
Tony pushed Steve's shirt up his back, bunching it in one fist before pressed his clothed erection against Steve’s ass and miming a few good thrusts. Steve thrust his ass back, desperately hopeful that it really was as dark and remote here as he thought it was. “How am I supposed to turn down something like that?” Tony agreed. A hard smack to Steve’s ass and Tony said, “Yeah, let’s get in that car. You can show me the back seat.”
“Tony Stark,” returned the man in the suit without reaching back. Walking up to the car, Tony gave it a look-over. “Not bad. Pretty.” Then he looked back at Steve and smiled, long and hard. Full of intent. Steve shivered and it didn’t have much to do with the cold. It had been over a month since he’d been with his lover. He and Natasha were just back from an undercover mission, and he was feeling deeply skin-hungry. There had been some opportunities for Steve to practice the modern art of sexting, but it wasn’t the same as actually being touched.
He could just make out the sound of bets. He waited until he heard Clint inhale to speak before he sucked the first couple inches of Barton’s cock into his mouth, just to enjoy the way it made his voice squeak up. Barton had a nice cock: big enough to be a mouthful without giving Tony a sore jaw, and curved in a way that Tony swore just made him slip down the throat without Tony needing to really work at it.
He was. Tony thought he was good with his full house, but Barton had a flush… not
They laughed, but Clint ante-ed up anyway. “You want to try and whip our asses, you go ahead, Legolas,” Tony agreed. “No one is going to stop you.” He picked up his cards, glanced at Thor who still handled the playing cards as though they might tear in his hands like tissue paper, and resigned himself to another night of five card draw. He bet Barton played Omaha, and one of these days, the two of them needed to have a high-stakes games of their own, but they’d play nice for Thor and Steve.
Swallowing, Steve managed, “I want you to fuck me. All three of you. To fuck my ass. Please.”
“Sure would,” Tony agreed, fellowing Steve who popped the hood and leaned over it to gesture at a few of the highlights. Really, the lot they had chosen to meet in was so poorly lit, it wasn’t as though Tony would be able to see much.
“Got to wonder how much cock you can take,” Tony panted, his other hand circling the side of Steve’s waist while he fucked him with dedicated intensity. “I’ve got some friends that would love to meet you.” Steve just nodded, agreeing to whatever Tony wanted as long as he kept stretching him with that cock. Tony's
Together, Steve and Thor adjusted their positions. They were a well-matched pair: buff and blond and hung, and with exact control of their movements. Thor held his cock in place while Steve lowered himself down, taking Thor with ease. Steve swallowed him right up and Tony, realizing it was
“But when the Panthers hit someone in the face…” Thor protested. Clint knew the guy was just playing
. He wasn’t going to give up with a mere mortal like Clint.
? Sure. Fuck him wide and pass him around like a party favor, as long as Tony kept rolling his hips just like
Tony’s throat was raw and battered and he was breathing hard, but he grinned savagely. “You have a hand left to play.”
hardly covered it. Clint clinked his bottle to Thor’s stein and Thor drained his drink, then swiped at his mouth. “I will endeavor to continue to please.” Getting to his feet, Thor handed off the stein to Steve. “Will you do me the favor, friend Steven, of filling this while I take my pleasure?”
Tony didn’t see Thor’s hand press the rest of the way in, but he saw Steve’s face. Steve’s expression contorted in pain for a moment and Tony’s fist balled up, commands for the tower’s security on his tongue. Then Steve moaned and he flopped forward. “Oh my god,” he whimpered. “Oh my god…”
But Tony purred, “That’s beautiful.” And then he pulled Steve’s shorts down in one go, pushing him further down over the engine. Steve caught himself on the block, gasping at the cool air on his cock and ass. He hadn’t been wearing any underwear and he knew exactly what Tony was seeing. “
and moving his fingers like
He slid out of Steve slowly, his cock too sensitive to stay wedged in like that. Clint was gesturing at him with two fingers like he was saying 'stand up.' As soon as Tony stood, Thor was pushing Steve onto his back between Thor's legs, his cock still in Steve's ass while he gripping Steve's cock in both hands, pumping him dramatically. "You triumphed," Thor told Steve with pride. "You won the poker, and you have taken all of our cocks. You are a true champion at cockslutting."
Steve smiled. That was a flattering way to think about it. As Clint revved the engine, Steve asked, “Want to help me buy some costumes?”
“I’m wide open,” Steve agreed, ears burning and cock hardening while Tony continued to tease, just playing with his ass. “You could just spit on my hole and slide right in.”
Steve breathed out and Thor’s fingers slipped in a little further. Tony moved to get a better look. Most of the fingers were in to the second knuckle and his thumb was about halfway down. Not the thickest part of the stretch, but getting there. Tony set down the phone to pat Steve’s shoulder. He leaned in to whisper insistently, “Steve, you can still call red.”
Steve and Thor examined their cards. Thor winced a little. He had absolutely zero poker face. Steve bet ten chips and Tony immediately raised it to thirty. Let Barton bow out. But Barton (who was fully dressed
Steve slowly straightened up to see Tony, already tucked back into his well-fitted suit, getting into the car with a scrap of white fabric in his hand. Tony grinned at him from behind the sunglasses and held it up for a moment. “Souvenir,” he explained. “Don’t worry, I’ll let my friends know where you are.” With that, the engine turned over and Tony drove off, leaving Steve half-naked in a parking lot with come slowly dripping down his thighs.
, but he also wouldn’t spoil Tony’s fun. “I don’t get-“
Steve made a wounded noise and Tony smiled as he realized that Steve wasn't just squirming, but actively
By the time the commercial break was over, Steve had come and plugged the billionaire back up, then wandered off to get the sharpie. Thor smiled at Clint and murmured, “This pleases you, my friend?” Pleased him? Tony had designed a gangbang as closely to Clint's request as humanly possible.
It was hard to hear the exact flow of play with his face trapped between Barton’s thighs, but Tony was only just getting the tip of Barton’s cock to the back of his throat when there was a cry of frustration. Clint lost that round. Tony pulled off his cock, careful to cover his teeth on the way. It made a wet mess on Clint’s thighs and Tony’s chin, but Tony just wiped at it with the back of a hand before popping his face halfway up onto Clint’s lap. “Who won that round?” he asked, as though he couldn’t see Steve taking his shoes off.
“Clint Barton, have I ever showed you the first drink I tried on Midgard?” Thor asked. Clint smiled when he saw that Thor was getting undressed even as he said it, stripping entirely out of his clothes with ease.
Tony flashed the camera and Steve whispered, “I want you to fuck me, Clint.” Another flash, another squeeze of Thor’s fingers. “Please fuck me. Please, Clint.” Then his body shuddered and his face went tight as Clint’s hips pressed forward. No, Clint wasn’t built like Thor, but he would be enough of a stretch that Steve was going to feel it at the pace Clint was going. Tony kept pretending to take video, to take pictures, goading as Clint filled Steve and then began to pump his hips, driving into him in short, sharp thrusts.
Clint settled a hand on Tony's shoulder and planted a kiss on the corner of his mouth. "There's subspace and then there's
“I would be very pleased,” Thor agreed. He had a hand on Steve’s face now, stroking his jaw and touching his lips. Tony wanted to take pictures. He wanted to film this so he could rub off to it the next time he left New York on SI business. “What else?”
A finger trailed from his balls up to his ass. “Just so we understand each other. Now, just to be clear, if I pull that plug out, you are stretched and lubed and ready for a cock?”
Tony get off just on being fucked, but he bet it could happen. Stark always acted like Rogers’ horse cock was made of distilled magic.
“Fuck,” Tony breathed in admiration and covered the lens again, but made the flash go off. Steve whimpered so Tony did it again. An exhibitionist, their boy.
Thor nodded. “With pleasure.” He hugged Clint one-armed before the archer backed up. Then he pulled both his fingers out and began to work all
Tony looked a little dazed. “I did say something about that,” he agreed. “Get out and take off those shorts. As nice as they hug your ass, I want to be able to spread your thighs wide when I fuck you.”
, right into the engine, if he didn’t stop. “Hey, stop,” Steve begged, both relieved and disappointed when Tony did. “I want to come with you in me.”
Steve shook his head like he wasn’t sure or didn’t want to say, but Thor kept touching his face and chest and finally Steve added, “Could you… pretend you’re taking pictures?” Was the guy psychic? Or did he just know Tony that well? Steve sounded deeply embarrassed, like he thought they would make fun of him for being a little kinky. As though a little healthy kink wasn’t at the center of their ‘male bonding’ nights.
act anymore. He tried really hard, then looked around the table at their knowing expressions, and shrugged. “So, change up the rules. Winner discards a piece of clothes.”
Steve's face turned toward him. "Don't welch, Tony." He sounded awful, and his face was red, but his eyes were clear. "Give a guy a second. Next time, I'll prep ahead of time. That's what plugs are for."
Steve looked up at the ceiling, trying too hard to look innocent. None of them really bought the
Clint helped him up, off Thor’s lap, into a standing position. Only then did Clint pull out. He gave Steve’s ass a hard slap, then kissed his shoulder. “You want more pictures?” Steve hesitated and Clint leaned into him. “You want to demand I don’t take any?” Steve couldn’t have gone any more pink than he already was, but he looked shy, maybe even a little ashamed of himself. Tony wanted to smack the hell out of whoever made Steve feel like he wasn’t allowed to
“Yes,” Steve agreed, though he looked uncertain.
“Don’t see why,” Tony said, hard in his underwear, down to only a t-shirt and briefs. His hair was a mess, his mouth swollen, and his voice was
Suddenly, Tony gripped Steve’s hair and pulled him off before leaning in for a filthy kiss, their lips sliding and clashing. Steve let him do it for about five seconds before he pulled back. “Thought you were about to fuck me,” he reminded.
Steve smiled like Clint gave him a gift, but ducked his head, even as he hurried toward the couch. “No.”
noise. They moved around him efficiently, taking off the cuffs and spreader while Steve did his best to clean up Tony's beard with the facial wipes that smelled like cucumbers. Tony was still almost alarmingly passive. Not normal for him at all. Thor scooped Tony up and carried him to the couch. It would probably leave a bit of a mess, but Clint didn't give a shit about Tony's cleaning bill right now.
“Fuck,” Barton said, and a hand settled in Tony’s hair, tugging for just a second. “Trying to focus up here. You want to slow down a little?”
“He needs to breathe, Clint,” Steve said with concern, like Tony wasn’t perfectly capable of telling Barton to shove his cock somewhere else if he didn’t like what the archer was doing. Just in case Clint needed a reminder of that, Tony sucked in a breath through his nose and fought Clint’s hands enough to push his face
Clint looked annoyed, though. “You think I couldn’t win?”
Tony slid down carefully to his knees under the table, trying not to smack his head as he did. “Nope. You do what you gotta do.” He was face-to-face, so to speak, with Barton’s knees, but he gave them a little nudge and Clint spread his legs wide so Tony could get his mouth to more interesting places than knees. He waited until he heard Clint start to deal the cards out before he lapped a long, wet line up the inside of one strong thigh. He licked Clint slow and so high that his cheek brushed against Clint’s cock, probably scraping it faintly with his stubble.
"He can fuck me," Tony suggested. "You both-" Nope, that was a terrible idea. "One in my mouth..."
Tony fished out his phone, happy to play. “Let’s watch you play with his hole. Capsicle won, right? He deserves a little reward.”
Steve nodded, moving to the hood, breaths a touch fast. He spread his thighs wide like Tony suggested as he bend over, chest resting on the cold metal. “Yes, sir.”
He wandered off to the couch to drink his beer and watch the game, but he turned down he volume on the television and turned up his hearing aid, the better to hear his teammates take Stark apart with their rather godly dicks.
“I don’t know why we’re even pretending,” Clint said, rapidly flicking cards across the table like a professional casino dealer. Tony would never tell the guy, but he loved watching Barton do his carny schtick. It was weird, but impressive. “Strip poker, yay, but we all know Steve is going to blow it, despite the fact that he has… enhanced cognitive whatsit.”
“Guess I do, Shellhead,” Clint agreed. “Wanna get on your knees under the table so I can fuck your face? Or did you want to put on more of a show?”
“Exactly!” Clint grinned, seeing what was coming. Sure enough, Steve hadn’t been able to resist the lure of his lover’s ass for long. Steve took one long drink, adjusted Tony’s hips. It made the come-spattered billionaire stand up a little higher on the steel bar at the base. Steve slowly pulled the plug out. Even better, he managed to keep his eyes on the screen where the football continued to play. Clint tucked himself back in and hoped it wouldn’t be long before he could go in for another round himself.
“Get a picture of this,” Clint suggested and Tony brought his phone around to see Clint had gone from a thumb to
Thor was looking a little bored, and Clint had sniper-face on, so Tony decided to do what he always did: push. “I raise.” They all perked up. Tony preened, in his element. “Whoever wins this round gets to blow second place.”
Tony intentionally throwing anything. On one hand, it meant that Steve was already down to shoes and underwear, and looking  entirely too smug about it. On the other hand… the hell? It wasn’t like Steve was the only one with perfect recall!
"Ow," Tony said very distinctly in a voice gone gravely. After the number of times they'd shoved a cock down his throat, no wonder. But then Tony turned to look at Clint. His expression lacked... something, but there was definitely personality behind his eyes  again. Annoying personality. "Why did you stop?" Tony demanded. Clint's gaze went, involuntarily, to the athletic cup. They should take care of that. Letting everyone
Thor’s big hands supported Steve's body as Steve changed positions, sliding off Thor’s lap to be stretched across both the Asgardian’s knees. Thor stroked the back of Steve’s neck and slowly traced down the bumps of his spine, sweeping down the warm skin toward his bare ass. “You must recall, it will not be
“Or across the table,” Tony added.
The words made Steve reach down to adjust himself. Tony
“Please,” Steve was whispering. “Clint, I want you to fuck me.” Like Clint wasn’t spreading Steve’s legs wide like a wishbone and driving into him so hard that he might have gone sprawling off Thor’s lap if Thor wasn’t hanging onto Steve's body, keeping him safe. Tony wanted to go over there and play with Clint’s strong chest and his nipples. Clint had nice nipples and Tony had never had a chance to bite them.
A yellow cab drove up, dropping off a man in a well-fitted suit, sunglasses, and neatly trimmed facial hair. Steve felt a little self-conscious about the fuzzy catepillar he was sporting on his upper lip tonight, but the man in the suit only gave him a shiny smile and waved at the car. “This is it?” he asked.
Steve laughed, finally lightening up a little. “Is that the official term? NFL Regulation No-No?” Clint could see Steve staring as he fucked Tony’s face, still struggling. The kid wasn’t a virgin before his big sleep, but he knew jack-all about kink. No, Steve had known about spanking. And
“To hell with that.” Steve’s voice was strained, but he looked obstinate.
So Tony moved. He had limited mobility in Thor's lap with another cock wedged next to his own in Steve's ass, but even small movements made them all grunt and groan. His cock was being squeezed hard with each little shift and from the way Thor was panting, he felt the same way. "You are glorious," Thor murmured. "A delight."
The rhythm broke and there was warmth as Tony came inside him, filling his ass with seed, but he didn’t pull out just yet. Instead, Tony just ground his hips in deep and stroked Steve hard and fast, working his cock until Steve was almost face down on the hood. He came in Tony’s fist with a soft groan, and stayed there, crouching over the cool metal, catching his breath while Tony pulled out. The sudden emptiness was strange, almost uncomfortable, and he could feel a little come trickling out. Tony wiped his own come-smeared palm off on Steve’s ass. “I’m buying the car,” he announced. "There’s more than enough money in the briefcase to cover it.”
Clint’s daughter played it, repeatedly.”
what Rhodey had to say or had more faith in Tony or heard what Tony
He opens his mouth but Tony shakes his head, so he remains quiet.
He tries to ignore the way his heart triple times as the sound gets closer and then abruptly silences as Tony descends to the ground.
Wherever that is?”
“Then believe me.”
“Everyone knows our faces and if we truly wanted to hide, we would be hiding.
Then there’s Sam.
He’s smoothing out the blanket on the table when he hears the back door and Tony’s footsteps in the hall.
He calls that progress.
The enrollment has more than doubled.
But this paint thing is going to be great; if Steve can keep a straight face.
Tony shrugs, “Because it was inevitably going to happen.”
“What is this really about?”
and would be their puppets.”
The trees are tall, the sort that wouldn’t fade but turn into brilliant colors in the fall; Tony thought the artist in Steve would’ve appreciated that.
“I’ve been looking for Banner; I can’t find him.
He takes Tony’s pinky and squeezes the tip and slowly works toward his knuckle, squeezing gently along the way.
He focuses all his energy on his client, what was causing them pain and how to go about relieving that pain; the focus allowed him to relax himself and not just the client.
He eats lunch with Sam because Sam makes it his job to force Steve to socialize.
And not at his face.
“Barnes doesn’t matter, what matters is that you need to take action to either move yourself forward with Steve or know for sure it’s done.
He escorts them out and rushes through the clean up and when he glimpses the clock it shows 8:20pm.
This couldn’t have waited?” Steve asks snidely.
She has a way with the kids evidently.”
He just wants this conversation to end.
Steve watches as Tony goes through most of the same motions he used the week before.
Tony watches him and Steve isn’t sure if Tony believes him.
He pauses.
He runs a brush through his hair, then quickly through his beard, slaps some conditioner on it and calls it a day.
Steve picks out the next clean pair of pants, a dark gray jogging pair and a black t-shirt before scarfing down a banana and a class of orange juice as he leans against the counter in his kitchen.
But I get your point.”
He moves the cooler he left earlier from against the wall to set it down between two chairs and sits in the one farthest from the stairs.
Tony stands and walks toward him and the door.
“Yes.
A text from Sam:
“Yes because I’m sick of mopey Tony, I want over confident Tony that is making it so I can walk again.
Tony scratches his fingernails across the palm of his hand and Steve twitches, huffs and looks up to Tony’s face.
But you’re hell bent on going it alone.”
Sam talked
Sam replies and pops a chip into his mouth.
Wednesdays are his busiest day and the upside is Steve is so focused that he isn’t able to agonize over dinner and having Tony in his house.
Steve strips the table bare and remakes it before throwing the laundry in the washer before exiting out the back.
Why would they?
“Til next week,” Tony calls as he leaves the room.
He swallows and nods, not liking the tone of Tony’s voice.
“It can’t be that simple.”
The running seems to tire his body out enough for him to sleep a handful of hours.
“Doesn’t matter,” Steve says seriously.
“It’s 7am.
It was plain, very no nonsense but it provided the necessary information.
Sam says, voice tight with emotion.
Tony tosses the phone on the desk because he’s angry that Rhodey painted such an accurate picture of the constant argument in his head.
He ducks his head slightly and smiles before rubbing his hands together and makes eye contact.
It only lasts a few minutes before he’s again thinking about what it means that Tony reached out.
Sam had told him what happened to Rhodey, even sharing that the fall features in his rotation of nightmares as it brought up too many parallels to Riley; watching two people fall from the sky is not easy to move past.
I think it’s time that someone does a little something for you.
Once fully dressed, he turns around to see Tony waiting.
Steve reaches out and grasps Sam’s shoulder as he heads outside.
He researched certifications online and enrolled in a nearby massage therapy school.
Call it selfish or stupid but that’s what I want.”
Steve nods and lays the hand on the table.
Steve shrugs.
It’s been a week since Tony’s reappearance and tonight will be their second
He still has a couple of hours before Tony arrives so Steve sits in the front room and reads a book.
He licks his lips as Tony pumps more oil and picks up his other hand.
He wipes his hands down his face before he remembers they’re covered in massage oil.
“That’s a low blow Rhodes, you’re basically telling me that Steve’s depressed.”
In addition to the bulletin board, they taped a few in the bathrooms and picked up plastic holders for the tables.
Tony gives him a smile that is more predatory than anything else; it makes him suck in a breath.
“What I’m trying to say is that there’s no need to hide.
Turning serious, “Ross will come calling eventually.”
Sam frowns at him.
Steve’s sitting on the rolling seat, leaning against the wall playing Two Dots on his phone when he hears the backdoor open and a loud “Wake up, buttercup!” before the door slams shut.
He’s all ready to start the convincing when Tony tells him to sit down and he picks up the bottle of oil.
Steve finds his own change of clothes and fights his way out of the wet shirt; rubbing it along his stomach to wipe some of the evidence away.
Steve can feel the calluses along Tony’s palm below his fingers.
Steve’s not strong enough to leave so he’s turning a blind eye to his doubts.
The calls are more of the same, but also like he just wants to talk to me.”
He has nothing to say to that.
Steve’s able to order the pizza, get the plates and drinks on the coffee table before Tony returns.
Steve places Tony’s hand on the table and glances at the clock on the wall.
Sam had listed everything he was doing wrong to deal with the aftermath of the battle and rescue mission.
The view from this corner of the complex is spectacular, it’s one reason Tony made sure to assign the office for Steve’s use.
“More insider wisdom from your flying friend?”
What does that matter?”
So I read up about hand massages, might have practiced on Pepper, she gave me a passing grade, so it’s your turn.”
“It doesn’t,” Steve argues.
“Hey,” says Steve when he sees Tony.
He just did want Sam said and pushed his way through each day.
“I have nothing for dinner,” he says apologetically. “But I can order pizza and we can watch a movie.”
He didn’t have to watch what he said or how he acted.
Sam’s shaking his head without really
I trust that you’ve taken precautions.”
I check in periodically and things are good.
His breathing is heavy as he turns to find Sam looking unhappy.
He drags the palm of his hand from Tony’s wrist through to his finger tips.
His decisions cost the people he cares about so much and those decisions weren’t just about right and wrong, there was an undercurrent of selfishness that Steve can’t forget.
She started mentioning the masseuse they had on staff, which made Steve uncomfortable for reasons he was unable to explain, but it was affective because the appointment book started to fill up.
His voice raspy.
Selfish reasons.
“It was good, right?”
Tony squeezes his hand tightly.
“Hey Friday!
Steve likes the anonymity.
Steve’s lips part and he gasps softly, fingers never stopping, slipping under the interfering waistband, circling.
He failed his teammates, his friends, the country.
Tony looks from Steve to the table and back.
“You know how to reach me.”
Tony didn’t need to share this information but he did.
Sam pushes away from the counter and walks to the door before turning around to look at him.
The man gets
And you hold so much respect for the title of Captain America, that I sometimes don’t know where one stops and the other begins in your eyes.”
Steve wakes to the alarm and rolls over to look out the window.
You’ve been watching out for me and forcing me back into the land of the living out of pure stubbornness because it wasn’t anything I was giving back.”
, holding him in a modified bridal carry. There was a yelp of indignation, then Steve relaxed. "Okay. This works. You going to put me down?"
As soon as Steve wandered off, Thor flipped Tony around like he weighed nothing. With Tony on his back, Thor soon straddling his face on his knees so he could continue to watch the game while fucking Tony’s mouth. All Clint could see was Thor’s ass, Tony’s tally-marked forehead, and the guy’s glazed eyes. Tony was clearly slipping deep into subspace. This scene had been, theoretically, for Clint’s sake, but clearly he wasn’t the only one who got their bells chimed here.
Steve hung onto Thor’s leg. “Thank you.” Tony could hear the aching sincerity in Steve’s voice and hung back just a little, afraid to sully the moment.
“Say it,” Thor demanded, squeezing Steve’s jaw while Steve stared glassy-eyed at the camera.
The light in the ceiling turned a little yellow and Clint immediately pulled his hips back so Tony could suck in a breath. The light went back to white. Clint could see Steve visibly relaxing at the reassurance that Tony remained in control. Cheerfully, Clint reached for the marker and made a tally mark on Tony’s forehead before pulling himself out of Tony’s mouth and stroking himself. “Steve, Steve, Steve, you are thinking far too hard about this,” he chastised before coming onto Tony’s face. He aimed to get Stark right between the eyes, and Clint’s aim never failed. “Football day is about cheering for a bunch of guys we’ve never met for playing a game we don’t understand the point of. And drinking.”
"Green," Steve murmured, his voice choked, but then it began to clear. "I'm green. Yikes. That's a stretch. You two better do the moving. I'm kind of pinned here."
“Fuck, Stark,” Clint said, his chair sliding back. He tugged Tony to follow along with him. Tony’s knees ached a little with shuffling along on the carpet, but he managed, and the grumbling noises deep in Tony's throat made Clint whine. “Fuck, I’m going to come down your throat before I even get a chance to fuck our winner.”
There was a moment of blank staring, and then Steve started to laugh, his whole body shaking with it. “
back to the bar. While the Falcons slammed through the Panthers' defensive line, Clint settled into Tony's well-worked ass, fucking him casually. Not so tight now. Clint's cock was as deep as it would go, and he just stopped thrusting, letting Tony's body keep him warm and hard. Steve came over to chat about end-runs. Thor stuffed himself back into Tony's mouth while he talked about some Asgardian sport that sounded like football if football was played by immortals who didn't need to worry about broken bones and traumatic brain injuries. Or maybe rugby. Clint continued just sheathing himself in Tony's ass and Tony started to twitch against and around him.
of his fingers into Steve’s body. Steve began to groan. No doubt it was a hell of a strain, taking so much. It wasn’t even like Thor had small hands. Thor was big all over. But he was also very aware of his strength and had good control over it. They all knew Thor didn’t hurt anyone he didn’t want to hurt. “Breathe out,” Thor demanded. And then, “Breathe out, whore.”
Clint stared down at him like he was out of his mind, picked up his cards, and threw them down on the table. “Fold!”
too." He pressed fingers firmly against the plug and Steve groaned quietly, low in his throat, his cock jumping from the increase in sensation.
“I can’t say you have, Thor.” Clint moved out of the way while Thor strolled around the bar, getting a large beer stein and a shot glass. Appalled, he asked, “Your introduction to human drinks was
to finish undressing, forcing himself not to be hide the arc reactor; everyone here had seen it before anyway. He looked up as Steve squeaked. From the movement of Clint’s arm, he’d started opening Steve up in earnest. Steve’s lips were a little open, breathing hard as any other mortal in bed, and he was gripping Thor’s leg almost frantically. He looked slutty and beautiful.
is a big no-no.”
said Steve should fist himself.
, are you, Steve?” Clint teased. Steve grinned, barely subduing a laugh, and shoved his underwear off his eager cock, then stepped out of them, leaving himself bare. Clint whooped quietly. “Are we taking turns or fucking him all at once?” he asked the group earnestly. “Because if we’re taking turns, I go first!”
Twenty minutes later, Tony was both pleased and annoyed that Steve was genuinely winning a good number of the hands
There was a roar from the screen as the Panthers made a touchdown which was immediately disputed and Clint got distracted by the game until he heard Tony grunting quietly, unable to entirely help himself as Steve rode him hard. Clint glanced at the athletic cup that held Tony’s cock and balls, protecting them from getting smashed too hard into the hardwood of the bar by accident and, hopefully, getting full of Tony’s spunk. Clint had never
"Hot as hell," Tony agreed, shoving his hips forward a few inches. "You want us to fill you up? "
Steve was still begging Clint, and when Clint grunted, eyes rolling up, losing his rhythm, Steve made a disappointed little noise, hips thrusting back like he could make the fucking last longer by sheer will.
Steve was drifting closer, clearly trying not to ruin the scene by looking directly at Tony too much. The
Steve stood in the shadows with the briefcase as the motorcycle pulled up and stopped. The rider called out, “Someone says there’s a guy here that likes to give mustache rides.”
, Tony.” But the laughter had done the job and Thor’s second finger was inside him as well. Four fingers would be plenty preparation if it was just Thor fucking him, but if Steve was really going to take them both, more was a good idea. Clint
“Indeed!” Thor seemed pleased, like a man in a pleasant memory. “It was a good evening with a good friend. We made his ancestors proud by engaging in this practice.” He shoved his cock- already hard because Thor had practically no goddamn refraction period- right into Tony’s mouth through the o-ring. And not a moment of hesitation before he started fucking Tony’s face in earnest, pounding in deep and pulling out most of the way each time. Tony choked and groaned trapped between those two cocks. While they’d planned this, Tony assured them all he could remain quiet as a piece of furniture too. Clint tried not to laugh.
Tony and Clint were still cracking up against each other's shoulders when Steve came apart.
“You’re not going to
Clint sat up higher and Thor got that competitive grin. Tony could have told them he was a genius. Even Steve seemed that bit more activated and Tony was pretty sure Steve had been hard since they sat down. “Alright!” Clint reached for the deck, shuffling it again without anyone asking him to, before dealing the cards. “Gentlemen, place your bets!”
“Yes,” Thor agreed smugly. Tony could have smacked him.
and couldn't look away.
,” Tony purred, running his fingers over the sizable plug that was stretching Steve open. It was bright red and had taken a lot of lube and patience to get in. Tonight, Steve had been trying to keep his back to the car so it wouldn’t be obvious. But Tony clearly liked what he was seeing. He started happily smacking Steve's ass cheeks to make them jiggle and stretching them apart to get a better look at the plug. “You wear that for me?” he teased. “I thought I was just buying the car. Didn’t realize I was getting
full of money, because Tony never knew how far to take a role play. “I owe you and Natasha for making me get
“-drunk. Yes, we are aware, good Captain,” Thor agreed while he casually thrust into Tony’s ass with absent-minded strength, each movement slapping their bodies together. “Nor am I likely to grow inebriated from such weak Midgardian libations-“ There were noises of protest from around the o-ring, but they all ignored it: Tony didn’t actually want to stop, he just didn’t know how to shut up. “-but it is both traditional and pleasant to partake.” Clint saw Thor pause, balls-deep in Stark’s ass, bend down to reach for the whiskey, pour himself a tall glass of it, return the bottle, and then get right back to fucking him. Clint fucking loved Thor.
fuck him up. Hell, Clint had practically been fisting the guy and Tony had barely whimpered in protest.
ass into play as well. “Spanking position.”
A few minutes later, Steve and Thor wandered back to the couch as well, carrying their drinks and, in Thor’s case, Tony. Tony looked incredibly unwieldy draped over the big man's shoulder with his hands bound in fuzzy handcuffs and his ankles in a spreader, but Thor was the kind of ridiculously strong where no one was worried that he’d drop Tony or even that disgusting boilermaker. Thor handed Steve his drink, set Tony down on the floor, and took a seat on the couch. “How much time remains of this game?”
“You do,” Tony agreed, popping the plug out the rest of the way and then plunging his cock into Steve with a single stroke. It drove the breath from Steve’s lungs, but the big plug really had done its work, making Steve's passage so wide and slick that Tony slid right into him with one slam of his hips. When Tony was all the way in, he paused a moment, stroking Steve’s cock languidly. “I didn’t forget that you want to come on my cock,” he said smugly. “I have to wonder if you can come untouched. Just from this.” He began to pump his hips in and out, slowly building up a faster rhythm, each one ending deep and a little rough. Tony’s hand settled under his thigh, lifting one of Steve’s legs up so his foot settled on the Lincoln's fender, spreading him even wider.
. But that was about it. Objectifying a friend and teammate and suffocating him on your cock was well outside his comfort zone.
Steve sounded a little choked, but he managed, “Just fine. I… could do this all day.”
A new term for Steve, but not one that he needed to ask about. It was reasonably obvious. Swallowing, he nodded, still bent over the engine. “Let’s get in the car. I’ll show you what I can do.”
Steve swallowed convulsively and Tony wrapped a hand around the base of his cock, reminding himself that he was about to double-stuff Captain America, so he had better hold on for a fucking minute. “I want you to take control,” Steve whispered hoarsely. “And to make me like it.”
was treating him like a piece of furniture. “Maybe a beer...”
“You want to look under the hood?” Steve suggested, leading Tony around to the front.
Then Clint gave Steve a showy, useless shove and said, “Get on your knees and spread those cheeks. I’m going to take a picture of your puffy, well-fucked hole!”
“Clint…” Steve breathed.
, and they were in past the last knuckle. When had that happened? Steve was fucking himself hard on Clint’s fingers, probably hurting himself a little, but the guy was a bit of a pain slut in bed.
"No, thanks," Steve said, barely even looking anymore. "I need another beer." Probably just as well Steve wasn't feeling that ambitious, because Tony was wrecked. (Anyway, Clint wasn't sure if double-stuffing would count for one tally mark or two.) Clint managed to get a third finger in beside his cock while Steve drank his beer, and even a forth. Tony was, indeed,
“We are in control, Steve,” Tony assured, grinning. It was a lie, of course. Steve was calling the shots here, but it was a pretty illusion. “We are going to use you like a sex doll. We’re going to stretch you wide, fill you with our cocks, and leave your cock waving in the wind, untouched. We’re going to make you admit that you want to be our fuckdoll and we’re going to film it. We’re going to take pictures of you stuffed full of cock and whimpering for more.”
. But this was clearly a well-loved car, polished to a shine even if there were a few dings here and there that said it had lived.  Steve adjusted the heavy-framed sunglasses on his face and glanced around, hoping
, which counted for more than any of that. But Clint still got a kick out of hearing the rich asshole choke on a cock.
from the sword-swallowing with Barton. He knew that he already looked and sounded ravaged, and he liked the way it made the others look at him like they were considering how to get
would get here soon. It was already full-dark and it was getting a bit cold. Maybe he should just go wait inside the car?
Sure enough, on the next commercial break, Steve was up and pounding Stark’s ass again. Maybe it was the serum, or maybe they just bred them horny in the good-old days, but Steve was a goddamn fuck machine. Clint supposed that he and Thor had probably stretched Stark out by now. Next time they gangbanged the guy, Clint better get in fast if he wanted Tony while his ass was tight. That was fine; he wouldn’t mind one bit coming on Tony’s face a couple more times, or he could always shove a few fingers in next to his cock if Tony’s mouth was too busy. Clint tried to pay attention to the commercials, but his eyes were consistently drawn to that fine ass moving as the super-soldier thrust and rocked.
Regretfully, Clint looked at the port on the wall he thought of as Jarvis and said, "Mute the game." This had been fun, but Clint was pulling the plug. He wasn't sure Tony if had the self-preservation instincts left to stop them if they really
Tony laughed. “It wasn’t a dare.”
“Tempting,” Tony agreed, giving the plug a little tug. It slid out a few centimeters before stopping at the flared base. The older man didn’t seem to mind that at all, just working the plug slightly forward and back, not pulling hard enough to tug it
Clint slid a finger in along his cock and heard Tony whimper a little around Thor's cock, his body still relaxed and passive. "Steve, you want to get in here with me?" he offered, sliding another finger in just to feel Tony's stretch around it.
Steve braced his hands against Thor's chest. "I'm ready. Give me a hand?"
"Friend Tony," Thor said, touching Tony's side. "Perhaps it would be best if we released you. A moment only, and I will free your arms and legs." Tony made a little
“Yes.” Steve sounded like he was dying to be fucked. Like they were torturing him by
“It’s a whole thing, Thor,” Clint assured, drinking his beer at the other end of the bar. The dark wooden bar had been some special order shit and only came up to Clint’s hips. He had to keep remembering to lean down a little when he set his drink down. A little silly. On the other hand, the bar was perfect because it meant that both of Tony's fuckholes were at a perfect level for them to thrust into. “Steve, you want a drink?”
, and the lights were unchanged. Aroused, but also concerned now, Clint pulled the fingers back out, stroked himself off, and came on Tony's come-smeared ass with a happy little sigh. He didn't bother going back to the couch this time, not while Thor was fucking Tony's mouth hard enough to rock his body and Steve was absently jerking himself off one-handed while drinking his beer. Few more tally marks.
Then Clint strode up, smacked Steve hard across the ass and asked, “How we going to do this?” His erection had barely faded, even if it was no longer spit-shiny.
He was such a calming influence to those around him and everyone loved him.
Eat, sleep, run, work.
We were both too slow.
“Why?
He bites at Tony’s bottom lip and pulls before pressing closer and tasting as much as Tony as possible.
Tony says, now just holding his hand.
Steve is calming down now with only a few chuckles trickling out.
He doesn’t know how to explain the feeling he got when he thought about sharing memories with Bucky and what he was willing to sacrifice to get that back.
He looks in the mirror after getting out of the shower and sees the beard and hair.
Rhodey has no regrets, he said so.
He certainly hopes he’ll get it.
So why shut me out too?”
That’s how they ended up owning a Community Center in the suburbs of Philadelphia.
You seem…”
“You really think he doesn’t already know?”
“I say a lot of things.
“Now, don’t be like that.
Until he’s found; or the next crisis comes to Earth.
It shouldn’t’ve happened.”
In the beginning he had hoped for a fifty/fifty chance on whether his face clicked or not for people.
“Enough that even I think I have a problem,” Tony huffs.
He should know better than to flirt with Tony.
It’s less than a ten minute walk to the diner however it’s along the main street so they walk in silence, no need to try and be heard over the traffic.
, go bounce Steve.
They forgive.
Tony digs his thumb across his knuckles.
Steve tries to avoid puddles as best he can, but there’s so much water it’s impossible.
He’s the reason Sam was arrested and why Sam had to move away from D.C.
Tony flaps a hand in the air.
“Too morbid, I want to talk about something else.
But he knows he was wrong.
Big therapy talk there,” Tony joked to avoid being serious.
As he’s settling his ear buds, a text from Sam pops up reminding him to run.
At Sam’s look of disbelief, Steve continues softly never giving voice to what happened.
Repeat.
“Yes,
He picks up one of Tony’s hands feeling nervous and his heart flutters in his chest.
Sam is flipping through a magazine left, turning at the sound of Steve’s voice and leans against the counter; Steve stops at the other end.
“Yeah, I’m fine.”
Is that a problem?”
Steve gets lost in watching the cars go by.
All so he could hold onto a friend.
They had worked continuously for weeks to clean it and brighten up the interior with a coat of paint.
Eat, sleep, run, work.
He’s not sure how he doesn’t laugh at the look of utter horror on Sam’s face.
But we’re here for anyone, anytime, and this person doesn’t want to make a big deal out of things.
“I know enough.
He licks his lips and presses firmly, moving his hands slowly down Tony’s back until he reaches his waist and then goes back to his shoulders.
One random day though, after returning from his morning run, he opens the phone and is dialing before he could second guess himself.
Maybe I should make this a weekly thing.”
Tony shakes his head, “How quickly you fall back into being Captain.
You’re moving through the day; not really seeming to live it.”
“I’m afraid that Ross will find him first.”
Steve runs a lot as he’s learned that it’s an effective way to keep Sam at arm’s length.
“You’re a great friend who supported this idea and let me step back.
Steve’s heart beat increases.
Steve lets out his own breath slowly and forces himself to lower his arms.
Sam heads for the door next to Steve.
Tony turning up again brought feelings that Steve thought were gone, back to the surface.
“Please don’t apologize,” Tony continues.
Things need to calm down; I need to find the right motivation again.”
Steve wants to deny the request and suggest a different day but he’s never said no to anyone that has reached out for help.
Steve’s not sure why he chooses to stay, it confuses Steve as he isn’t worthy of the devotion.
“Did you get my package?” Steve asks, knowing the answer is yes.
Steve sucks in a breath.
If there is a problem, are they expecting him to be Captain America again?
Steve threads his fingers together and squeezes, trying to hide the slight tremor and slow the pounding of his heart.
“You sought me out.
I’m already in the thick of it and you can’t take me out.
His hair is longer, darker and messier.
Sam thinks the word is out regarding their Center and who is involved and that’s why their messages were returned almost immediately.
Painting he can do though.
So, yeah, he’s ok.
He’s not sure how to fix this.
As he hears the door shut he collapses down and rests his head on the table in front of him; all the tension gone.
Steve pushes away from the wall and pulls the short stool towards him with his foot.
Or because he’s Captain America?
You want a massage next time?”
Want to come?” Sam asks before taking a huge bite of his turkey club.
His shoulders rise and fall with his quick breaths as Tony walks around the table and stops, “You’re a good man, always will be.
Steve pushes the chair back until he leans against the wall and tries not to cross his arms.
Tony stops and really looks at him and Steve tries to hold the pissed off look but can’t and he feels his cheeks tremble with effort before Tony’s pointing a finger at him and chuckling.
Steve nods, but feels like ice water was dumped on his head.
No life and death decision to fuck up; no one’s actual life in his hands.
But I am very sorry.”
“Yep, got one of those too.”
Unlike you and I, there were a few moments in Siberia where I thought he wasn’t going to pull his punches and that we would permanently hurt each other.
I put the welfare of one man above all else.
He was trying to protect us, thinking if we signed we’d still be autonomous but to the world we’d appear to have a leash.
Tony looks at it and only pauses a moment before shaking it.
We can’t come back from that.”
Tony seems confused and glances down to where he continues to stretch his fingers.
Since everything went to shit, or after the fight to end all fights, Tony’s been contemplating his relationship with Steve and how he clearly overestimated their closeness.
He presses firmly and Tony’s hips rise to meet the pressure.
him and it makes Steve angry.
Tony laughs relieving the tension that was building.
Steve swallows and tries to push back the tingling behind his eyes.
I shouldn’t have.
His mind wanders, the book not keeping his attention and he ends up staring out the window thinking for a few moments, only to startle awake to the alarm on his phone reminding him of Tony’s arrival.
“Really, I am.
As Steve rolls over to the table he squirts oil into his palm, then lays the bottle to the side on the table.
He knows he hasn’t been the best person to hang around, he’s always there when Sam or the Center need him, but he’s always looking for an empty corner or room to hide in.
“Have to say, I wasn’t sure what to think about this look, but I like it.
He allowed his emotions and the weight of his past to ruin his present, now he goes through the days alone and Steve feels like he deserves it.
The vets still came but it was no place they should have to be.
“Good to know,” Clint said and worked another finger in. “I wouldn’t chance with most guys, but I know what you can take.” He smacked Steve low on the asscheek with his free hand. “Thor?”
There was an annoyed huff from Steve that Tony could hear even under the table. “You guys cheat.” But his chair pushed back and Tony reached up to get a hand from Clint so he could get to his feet. He wanted to watch. There was a very real pleasure to watching Steve strip down. Steve had those slender hips that barely held his underwear up, but he always took forever getting his briefs down from his hips to his thighs, like he wasn’t eager to get fucked. Like there wasn’t an enormous bulge where his erection stretched the fabric.
was foul!” He shouted at the television, taking his pants off and reaching for the scented wipes to clean himself up. Clint liked the cucumber wipes, but Thor preferred rose-scented. No one wanted to disappoint Thor.
They all stared at him. “You want a turn on the bottom?” Steve asked, sounding both surprised and a little concerned, like maybe he’d been keeping Clint (who was the toppiest top who ever topped in Tony’s experience) from having his day licking their balls and bending over for their cocks.
When Clint clapped his hands three times, everyone stilled. Tony's head didn't come up, but Steve and Thor's gazes were instantly sharp. Clint shook his head. "It was good," he promised the quiet men. "It was... amazing." Everything he'd fantasized about and more. He rubbed the back of Tony's sweaty shoulders. "But someone is pretty far under." He could see his lovers really taking Tony in: the glazed eyes, the insane number of tally marks covering Tony’s ass and face, the way that they were so smudged by come and sweat that he was a mess of black smears.
Tony hummed. Nope. He was fine with this. One hand still massaging Clint’s balls, the other helping aim the man’s cock, Tony opened his mouth as wide as it could go and used the flat of his tongue to rub up and down the underside of Barton’s cock. It made him rub against the ridges of Tony’s mouth, but Tony had been a slut for years, and he could do this in his sleep. Clint’s legs clamped shut a little, trapping Tony between his thighs, but not like Tony was going to let that slow him down. He just bobbed slowly forward, letting his tongue do most of the work.
Tony barks out a laugh.
“What do you think?” Steve asks.
“Lang went home to his family.
As he enters, he dims the lights and notices that Tony is laying on top of the blanket and is still wearing his pants.
I bet him twenty bucks he was wrong and the bastard already knew.”
“That right there!”
was after his panic attack and Tony ran away.
Tony claps as he walks to his normal chair.
He stops and listens but hears nothing out of the ordinary, however he can’t ignore the feeling that someone is there.
I’m as surprised as you, but it’s good.”
He decides to stay on the second floor, just in case but in the office doing paperwork.
“You got it boss.”
Steve sucks in a breath.
And the way he says it is so soft and questioning, almost like he wasn’t going to say it aloud, that Steve stops and looks at Tony.
Tony is no regular client though and his heart continues to race in his chest.
He starts laughing.
“I didn’t say he liked you back, this isn’t the fifth grade.
“Absolutely.”
“Calm down Cap, it’s not what you think.”
People don’t try and engage in small talk and they stopped trying to draw him into their circles.
“Another thing Rhodey has been on me about is that I need to be upfront with my intentions due to you being ancient and not picking up on subtle clues or flirting.”
To help if we ever battle evil robots again.”
Tony smirks as he returns to the chair.
I know he wasn’t in control.”
Steve stops.
Instead it sits empty.
“Flirting?”
The three rooms down this hall should be dark but one has a soft glow escaping through the cracked door.
“Rhodey, the pain in the ass, says I have to talk to you about this.
“Except me.”
Steve says and Tony stays silent, which for Steve, says so much.
“No, I’ll do it.
It’s your fault.
He knows he could get his hand away, but he doesn’t want to drag Tony across the table.
“Sure, no problem.”
“Did you just
The End
Why bother.
Tony glances at his phone and then back up at him.
“Sometimes I can’t be the beacon of truth.
The months went by and getting up didn’t get any easier and working with Sam continued to be a juggling act between being effective and being invisible.
That’s not who I am.
“Geezus. You want to though.”
He’s not sure what came over him downstairs but he’s happy that step is done.
Steve raises his eyebrows.
He and Sam decided a low key notice on the bulletin board was the best solution.
“Don’t want people to see me.
“Wanda is with Barton.
That I answer next time, go see him?
He takes a deep breath and tries to settle his heart.
Is he here because they told him to round up all the superhero fugitives?
Steve chuckles as he looks ridiculous, the whole situation is ridiculous.
“Can, can you squeeze harder. I’m almost,” Tony cuts himself off as Steve grips tighter.
What’s the point now?
He looks out the window and squeezes his arms tighter against himself.
That.
And that Rhodey started to share things with me when I started coming here.”
There’s a moment of silence before the room is filled with their laugher at the terrible, inadvertent, innuendo.
Since he and Tony starting meeting he’s thought about it a lot.
He takes a bite of his pancake.
In the end after a pause he shakes his head.
Steve moves onto the next finger and repeats the squeeze and rub until he ends with the thumb.
I don’t believe we’re in danger of losing anything.”
The self doubt lingers though even through the wailing guitar.
He is though, for the most part.
I’ll call when I get back.”
It normally just plays but there were no appointments after 6 today.”
Steve constantly dwells on the days leading up to when everything went to shit.
Tony shudders, Steve hears his name as Tony comes, his dick pulsing against his hand, come adding to the slickness.
Tony perked up. “Really?” he asked, touching himself a little at the thought. They didn't do that very often. Steve healed fast, but he was tight. And Thor was
Steve whispered, “Oh my god.” (From Steve, that was serious stuff.) As Tony moved, Cap ducked his face until Thor put a hand under his chin, ‘making’ him look at the camera.
Clint had his phone out. “You want it not to be pretend, you say the word,” Clint assured eagerly. “I’m all over that.”
Steve looked like he was resisting the urge to rip the ring gag right off of Tony’s mouth, but Tony had made it damn clear that this was exactly what he wanted, so the blond was hanging around, not interfering. He hadn’t promised to
Clint could feel himself filling out in Tony’s mouth, growing while Tony’s mouth watered around the intruder.  “Tackler can straight-arm tacklers in the face.” Clint explained to Thor and pushed in deeper, amused when he heard Tony gag a little on his cock... He and Tony had worked through most of their shit. Despite being a rich brat that had made his money off his daddy and the backs of the military, Clint also liked Stark. The guy could be generous and funny and fucked like a mink. And, anyway, he was Clint’s
“If you think you can keep it up,” Tony agreed cheerfully and popped Clint into his mouth. He had only the first few inches when Clint gripped his hair a little harder and
Clint’s thighs trembled, and his hands gentled from Tony’s head down to his neck, petting at Tony’s skin while Clint chanted, “Oh god, fuck, yeah,” in a nasal midwestern twang that hinted he right on the edge.
Face flaming, Steve stepped forward. “Cute, Clint.” He opened one of panniers on the motorcycle and pulled out a pair of khakis, getting dressed before getting on the motorcycle himself. He sandwiched the briefcase between their bodies for safety. It was
Steve was still alternating between rigid spasms and going utterly boneless, moaning softly in some combination of pain and ecstasy. Tony shivered, staring at Steve: at the helpless line of his neck, at the contortion of his face, at his wrecked hole stretched around Thor’s wrist. He should say something else snarky about posting the footage, but he was
Thor gestured Steve closer and tugged him down to sit on Thor’s thigh like Steve was tiny and not two-hundred-some pounds of muscle. He ran his fingers up Steve’s back and down his chest. “I like hearing you express to us what you like,” he reminded Steve in his resonant baritone. Thor had a way of talking during sex like he was addressing the Royal Court of Asgard and from the way Cap was breathing, that did things to Steve’s libido.  Tony was only a little jealous. “It would please me to hear you express: how is it that you would like to service us?”
subspace. You like it that deep? You were
things just because he wanted them. “I can do that,” Clint assured. “Usual safeword if you really do want me to cut it out.”
monster. He could suck
“This is going on Instagram,” Tony murmured. “You okay there, Cap?”
Clint pulled out his thumb, then he and Thor collaborated for a moment in holding Steve open wide and filling him full of lube straight from the bottle. Steve’s thighs went rigid, probably from the cold, but he didn’t try to pull away. “Together?” Clint asked Thor.
. If we gave you muttonchops, he’d have probably had a kink for you in muttonchops.”
Thank god. Tony breathed out and thrust. It hurt a little and it felt amazing. Another thrust. Another. He got up to about a dozen thrusts and he was coming hard, eyes rolling back, lids fluttering shut, body spasming with completion. Distantly, he could hear Thor make noises like a bull in heat and there was a lot of shifting around.
They chatted about quarters and quarterback spikes and Clint wondered how many more tallies they could fit on Stark before the game ended or Tony called mercy.
Despite the threat, though, he kept his hand on Steve’s cock and Steve rocked his hips into the fucking. Perfectly aware of just how slutty it made him look, Steve worked himself back onto Tony’s cock and forward against his hand, needing both. “Please, sir,” he said again. He was getting what he needed, but sometimes it felt good to beg.
“What time sir?”
“What are you working on?” asks Steve softly.
So he is friendly, but not too friendly; open just enough that people don’t think him standoffish.
With an idea in place, he gleefully starts making plans.
He can see that Tony’s in dark slacks and some t-shirt; not a dapper designer suit.
Steve nods but turns his attention to the hand he’s holding.
Suddenly Tony feels like a jackass for teasing him.
Steve shrugs, “Me too.
The nearby grocery store got a facelift and a fancy new convenience store was put in.
It’s probably for the best.
All the things I hate.”
Even now as his feet pound on the pavement he isn’t sure if this is a good thing.
I’ve gone through his file, I’ve had time to think about it.
So I would never say that.”
“I’m not much of a card player; plus there’s the appointment.”
It’s still early, so it’s a dull brightness seeping around the shade and it only takes him two tries before he’s convincing himself to run.
“Do you want me to not come?” Tony asks quietly.
“You can be my Allie tonight.” And presses his lips to Tony’s.
Steve’s heart is racing at being so bold.
“Rhodey’s known since the beginning.”
Steve shrugs.
“Well, it does actually.”
“Resigned?” asked Rhodey.
Steve wanted to do the painting himself but accepted that it would be more efficient to have professionals tackle the project.
He accepts that he was being selfish and he will be hyper aware of those feelings in the future because it seems that what he wants causes too much collateral damage.
Tony’s fingers are in constant motion as he rubs across his palm, sure and strong.
He hadn’t realized he was holding his breath, he’s not even sure he was, he just feels better with the door closed and out of Sam’s all seeing eyes.
I’ll never be able to.”
He’s also not sure how Sam would react to knowing Tony has been in contact and that Steve’s been meeting with him in secret.
providing the service.
He pops a chip in his mouth.
If Steve were honest with himself, he knows his presence is not a secret it’s just that no one has come looking.
And right now some, mostly likely, cheesy movie is going to play and he’ll spend the evening with Tony and see where it goes.
The morning passes quickly as he has clients every hour.
Steve’s happy with the new look and hopes that it looks inviting.
Sam’s eyes move from him to the siding and back to him.
Building suits.”
That’s why we’re here.
And this relaxes Steve and he wants to be that for Tony too, a place Tony can be himself and Steve hopes that Tony’s comment was about their meetings and not something else.
Rhodey pauses and smiles but Tony feels more like chum in the path of a shark.
Steve smiles, “I already know what I want.
or what my presence means to this country.
Rhodey.
And is promptly mortified the words left his mouth.
“But you have feelings?!” Sam says incredulously.
Steve shrugs.
“I’ll decide when that time comes.
The hand in his hair tucks strands behind his ear as they exchange light kisses and short swipes of their tongue.
A few minutes pass and Steve is running his thumb across Tony’s palm when Tony huffs.
For just a second Steve contemplates telling Sam that it was Tony’s idea about the paint, but he still wants to keep his meetings and texting with Tony just for himself.
Steve hears footsteps on the steps and moves back to admire his aqua blue.
You can’t see past what you
Steve convulses once, his eyes shut and he moans long.
Tony blinks slowly before licking his lips and saying, “Uh, tiny microchip for an arrow for Clint.
Steve shakes his head and rolls his shoulders.
“Man, he almost killed you.
We recently hired one full time and one part time person to help with the amount of men and women coming in.”
Is there a crisis imminent?
And Steve liked giving massages.
It’s Steve.
Steve feels his face flush and he smiles before stepping back losing his nerve.
It was so close I have nightmares I didn’t pull the shield at the last moment.
“You don’t have to go.”
You’re strong because you accept it and move forward and build something new.
“I don’t get recognized as often as you think.
“Come after, it won’t be that late.”
Steve refuses to make eye contact.
“No clients, right?”
“You can thank Clint, it’s evidently a favorite of his.”
We’ve exchanged some emails, but I’m trying to keep my distance.”
I’m so sorry it happened, Sam told me.”
“I got distracted,” he mumbles knowing the noises Tony made were his problem.
Steve gets up, locks the door and turns off the lights before walking down the hallway.
Tony pauses and cocks his head.
Tony clears his throat.
“How so?”
Tony abruptly brings his legs down and turns the chair to face Steve.
Without giving Sam much of a chance Steve mentions upgrading the outside of the building.
“Yes.
, Steve, the man and he knows he’s somewhat to blame.
He grasps the back of Tony’s neck and his other hand clutches that firm ass.
“Is why.
He sends back “
Steve still doesn’t engage the visitors in more than just small talk as he truly wants the Center to succeed and be a place where others can come and get help and he’s not sure how or if his more visible presence would be a help or hinder at this point.
“Did you text Rhodey from the bathroom?” Steve asks.
Steve hangs his head.
As Steve approaches the Center he realizes that he’s not looking forward to Sam’s interrogation and also that the building is in need of new paint. The iron stairs should be replaced too, although he’s not sure how to get rid of those.
It’s not until he’s watched the thrusters of the suit disappear in the sky that Steve realizes he didn’t flinch away from Tony’s slap.
“Sure.”
Tony rolls his eyes.
Steve tries to smile and only manages a small one.
Sam shakes his head but his eyes are sharp.
“Them.
, stand by and do nothing. He went after something for himself and it caused the end of the Avengers.
Tony lifts his head and leans on his right elbow while meeting Steve’s eyes.
“You shouldn’t let it bother you.”
Rhodey scratches the top of his head.
“I like breakfast food.”
Steve doesn’t think there’s a way for him to convince Tony because his actions say something different, which was that Bucky was more important.
So each day he gets up and gives back, tries to be a force for good and with each passing day he likes to think he’s coming to terms with it.
Tony pumps some oil into his palm, works it through his hands and then picks up one of his.
“Man, what are you doing?”
“Yes, and you need better penmanship.
“I came to see you.”
Sam picks up the check and shifts out of the booth.
He ends up laying them in his lap with his fingers interlaced.
Not a surprise as he ran.
“You and I fought, remember how we ruined your house?”
Tony’s so focused on the rhythm of flipping the phone he doesn’t hear Rhodey roll in until he clears his throat.
Steve bristles, his heart is racing in a fight or flight response.
“I know Steve’s dealt with a lot, we all have,” Tony says and gives Rhodey a pointed look.
“Yes.”
There are two additional medium sized rooms where people can come and be with each other.
Tony glares at him half-heartedly.
“How long has Tony Stark been coming here?”
They do have two small private rooms, one which Sam uses for his office and the other for massage therapy.
No need for a trim; that’s why he likes the beard - less grooming.
“What’s this really about Sam?”
His personal desires dragged his friends into a war with each other and it would never be the
Time passes but Steve has no idea how much as he’s transfixed by the feeling of Tony’s fingers gliding over his hands.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Steve offers.
“What does Rhodey think you need to say?” Steve says quietly.
The wet pants are cool and sticking to him which would normally be uncomfortable but all Steve feels are Tony’s strong fingers.
But there was no one in the schedule and Steve was only here to delay going home.
Steve starts to look forward to the day he calls and leaves a message; he’s never nervous that Tony will pick up, knowing that he won’t.
“Sometimes that happens for people.”
He runs because he’s late, not to save himself from getting drenched because he’s soaking wet within moments.
Steve hears the hurt in Sam’s voice but he has to be honest.
Tony sprawls in the chair, legs spread wide as he reaches out his hand and Steve puts a beer in it.
“Please tell me you have a second choice,” he says gently.
But he and Steve had never been together so he should’t be this miserable without any special benefits.
“I trust him.
That’s what you’re goin’ with?”
During the last several weeks Steve has tried to look at tasks differently, to just get up in the morning instead of feeling so weighed down.
Too many decisions based in feelings of the past, his fears, or what he wanted.
“Steve’s not like me though, is he?
More importantly, he lost his family.
And Tony looks good, tired perhaps, but in one piece and as sarcastic as ever.
He presses harder knowing how stiff they could be.
But I think I should go?
“And you want to sign now?” Sam asks incredulously, he takes a few steps toward the counter before pivoting and heading toward the door again.
So nice to see you today.”
“I’ll order pizza, you can pick the movie.”
“But Stark sees you?” Sam says sounding confused.
Maybe it will help.
He crosses his arms.
Sam’s arms are crossed as he leans against the pillar of the small porch.
She grabs two menus and two utensil bundles and shows them to a table against the windows overlooking the street.
You and Sam make a good team.”
And I wanted to keep that, I wanted to feel less out of place.
Steve yells “Yeah” after him but he can feel his face burn and his hands tremble.
He decides he doesn’t want to meet with Tony inside tonight and continues down the short hall to exit through the back door and steps out onto the small balcony.
It’s good.”
“Thanks for lunch,” Steve says softly as he follows behind Sam.
Do you need me?”
See you in a bit, and slides past Sam.
Tony says and steps forward,
“I never wanted the Avengers torn apart.
“Are you basically telling me to go bounce Captain America?”
Gotta be prepared for anything.”
He can’t.
Looking back, he doesn’t like the decisions he’d made. Perhaps they were colored by the knowledge of what happened, but he can't help but wonder that if he took the time to think before he acted, if he would have made different choices.
Steve takes in Tony’s posture and while he seems relaxed Steve knows he’s not.
I’ve been watching you for weeks and you’ve fallen into a routine of self harm and recrimination.”
Tony pushes back the fingers of one hand.
Sighing Tony admits, “There was a letter with the phone, explaining his actions and the first apology.
“Oh yea, it was good.”
Tony glares at him while his heart flips over and starts beating double time.
If he wanted to talk about it, he’d have done so with Sam, but he doesn’t want to.
Seriously.
Steve pulls back, resting his forehead against Tony’s for a moment before bringing his hand up to his face and he stares at Tony while he licks his palm.
And what about Barnes?”
Barnes can’t be held responsible for events that occurred while he was under Hydra’s mind control.
He presses down and moves his hands in slow circles. He uses the tops of his fingers and drags them up Tony’s back; Tony shudders.
The waitress arrives with their food.
In their decades long friendship the closest to
Steve squeezes their fingers together and pushes them up toward Tony’s wrist but never stops looking at Tony.
It’s a nice color, just not nice for the entire fucking building.”
“Out of all the people, in all the world.”
“Morning.
Steve presses Tony harder against the wall as their hands speed up.
He squints because the tension in Tony’s voice increases.
Steve expects Sam to leave but he continues to stand there looking at him,
Since it was located close to the common room they decorated with sound blocking drapes along the walls.
“Guess he found out about Tony’s appointments and misery needs company and all that.”
You carry everything like it’s always on you.
That’s why I reacted how I did.”
Rhodey didn’t have to seem so proud of himself though.
After just a few meetings Steve saw a pattern in the throw away comments about tired joints or aches and pains.
“And you reacted because you care,” Rhodey leans forward with a hand on the desk.
Of course once the plans are set Steve starts to freak out.
“I can’t believe Stark has been good for you.”
Tony’s free hand drags down his chest before holding both their cocks together.
He turns the hand over and repeats the motion.
“Sure, we’ll go with that.”
Tony smiles and buries his fingers in Steve’s hair and then pulls him down for a deep and wet kiss.
What about me?
Plus it’s more fun to use this door as it seems to bug you,”
And Sam stopped trying to give hugs and pats on the back months ago.
He quickly pushes the button through and pulls down the zipper before sliding his hands into Tony’s underwear before pushing it all down.
Shivering, Steve moves his fingers around finding sore spots; he loses himself in the rhythmic motion of his fingers sliding over Tony’s back.
You’re a man that cares about the world and tries to do good.”
Tony smiles,“I’m not bothered.
Forces his feet faster.
Pepper is fantastic, always was and continues to be so I’m trying to be better about papers and meetings.”
He doesn’t want to deal with Wilson or local law, he just wants to slip in and out so they can just be Steve and Tony before anyone calls on them to be something else.
He turns his head and is greeted by an unhappy face.
Then you can get back into the lab.”
Steve sits up and bends backward slightly stretching out the kink in his back.
Tony didn’t impart some mystical wisdom, but he thinks hearing it from the person he hurt most helps.
“You said I need to get out more.”
Sam just needs to let Steve figure out his own life.
“Have you lost your god-damn mind?!”
Every couple of days Steve’s thoughts drift to the letter he’d sent Tony and wonders if it was enough?
Steve’s almost to the stairs when he hears Tony murmur, “Hate to see you go, but love to watch you leave.”
“See ya next week Shaggy!”
Haven’t seen you without a cap in weeks.
You’re going there.”
It clangs a little as one of the wheels stick, but he moves it so he sits across from Tony, in a corner of his own, with the massage table to the left between them.
They come together and Steve can’t contain his loud exhale.
“Yes.”
“The best.” Tony murmurs and backs away.
Tony pauses then kisses the top of his head and heads toward the door.
Tony releases his hand and glances at Steve; Steve looks down, not sure what to say.
He shakes his head and his hair flops forward over his face.
I’m sure you know Sam’s here.”
“This is a joke?”
“You know, you can use the front door.”
Bad decisions were made, people got hurt.
Tony’s making tiny sounds each time they push against each other.
He stands in front of his baseball hat collection, and Steve’s aware that it’s considered a collection since he has so many, and grabs a black one with the NASA insignia on it before pushing his hair back and pulling on the hat.
Or break.
“Nice to see you laugh man, it’s been a while.”
Can’t seem to help myself.
“It’s fine,” Tony says in a gravely voice.
“This.
No one else.
It’s later than normal to schedule a client but Steve has been known to accept off hours requests understanding that sometimes a person doesn’t want to be around a large group of people.
Sam expects something from him because even if he denies it, there’s always this image of what Steve
Steve pulled any additional ambience from the closet, including the table that was stored there when not in use.
He thinks I need to put all the cards on the table.” Tony blurts out as soon as he enters the room.
He likes to tell himself he’s waiting for random walk-ins but he knows the truth.
Tony turns toward Rhodey, takes in the
Like an unspoken agreement that everyone was keeping the same secret.
Tony sits in the same chair as before, so Steve sits across from him on the rolling stool again.
But Tony’s smile is sappy and his tone kind.
“And the view is
Tony is looking down and concentrating on his task and Steve notices how relaxed Tony’s face is and that his lashes are dark against his cheek.
From the moment they met in person he pushed Steve’s buttons to see what made him tick.
He can’t believe he lost control like that.
“What time is this appointment?”
Tony’s experience with mind control was short-lived and it had seriously freaked him out, he can’t imagine what it would be like to have no autonomy for
“We’ve got to head back, busy afternoon ahead of us.”
“It was his choice,” Steve continues.
Well, Friday knows.”
But he left you the phone and keeps calling.”
Doesn’t make it easier to accept.”
“Maybe.
Steve rolls his eyes.
Rhodey is still laughing about it.”
Steve blushes and settles back into the sofa before Tony shifts and leans against him.
“It was great seeing you.
“No.”
I’m trying not to be insulted.”
Steve pretends to look hurt and Sam is so worked up he misses the fact that Steve is biting his lip.
“Just didn’t want you disappearing.
Sam puts down his drink and lays one arm on top of the other and leans forward.
He has no umbrella.
He takes a deep breath and the tears fall and he lets them this time.
To make things right.”
He presses harder and Tony moans, hips shifting slightly against the table.
I don’t think I made it clear that Sam was being buddy buddy with Rhodey.
He focuses on thoughts about if there were moments where he could’ve chosen differently.
Getting drunk is not the objective but he’s trying to achieve a sense of normalcy and Steve feels it supports his idea that these meetings are like a sanctuary.
In his eyes everything was taking too long, the classes were too slow or not offered frequently enough, but Steve took as many classes as quickly as he could.
“Or are you worried about your location being revealed?”
He quickly pees, dresses and grabs his phone and hat before jogging out the door.
He grew a beard which he kept his short and neat, but once it was grown in and Steve added a baseball hat, he relaxed more as even less people stared or whispered about him.
There's a loud pop in the room and Steve’s eyes dart to Tony’s.
“I’m not forcing you to talk to someone, that didn’t work, but I’m worried about you man.
He leans his shoulder against the wall, “What have you been doing?”
Running tires his body but ramps up his mind.
“A fight?”
Tony’s already talking before he enters the room. “I’ve been telling Rhodey about our dates.
Steve can’t wait another week to see Tony again, so he texts Tony the next day and invites him over for dinner.
He keeps kissing Tony, their tongues slide beside one another.
“Both.”
I know, it’s mind boggling,” Tony replies flippantly, but Steve waits and finally Tony sighs.
“In hindsight I shouldn’t have reacted so strongly.
Three pancakes and bacon please.”
He’s tired.
Sam nods.
“He wanted us to sign so we were
There’s a sign informing all guests that the books are free and that they only ask for it to be returned when finished.
I got certified in massage therapy in order to be helpful.
“It seems you are.
Steve nods, making an affirmative sound while watching Tony leave.
Steve quickly turns and looks Tony in the eyes. “I’m really sorry, I shouldn’t…”
Tony is so hot, Steve’s not sure if it’s just the way Tony feels, or if he’s cold due to the rain, or if it’s been so long he doesn’t remember the details of what it feels like to be with someone.
When they were doing the inside renovations it took weeks to hear back from possible contractors.
Steve clears his throat.
“What happened wasn’t your fault.”
Tony’s smile changes to absolute glee and he slaps Steve’s shoulder as he descends the stairs.
“Is that your opinion or Wilson’s?”
He thinks I’m not being totally honest, I mean, who is a hundred percent honest anymore?”
“Sure.”
“Same time next week?” Tony asks.
He takes a deep breath, descends the steps and starts running.
Tony leans forward slightly, “Right?”
He craved it but he was weary, did they want him or the symbol?
It feels different from this point of view.
“I’m fine.
Steve has come to terms with how acted and that he’s ruined everything Captain America stood for and is an outlaw.
With Tony he doesn’t care what Steve is, never did.
Steve turns around and meets Sam’s eyes which are wide with shock and sadness.
Tony moans and jerks Steve’s hips toward him and Steve rubs up against Tony.
Steve supported it as he may have walked away from the Avengers but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t lend a hand for the next crisis.
Steve feels his face heating and knows he’s flushed.
Because it’s Steve?
“Suits?
Tony pulls Steve’s hair hard where it’s still wrapped around his fingers and Steve’s eyes close as he whimpers.
Steve clears his throat to talk but he’s not sure what to say; they acted like horny teenagers.
He’s isn’t worthy of holding that mantel again, maybe ever.
He digs his thumbs into the bottom of Tony’s neck and hears a soft exhale.
would be reckless.” Steve said forcefully.
At least Steve thinks it was inadvertent but with Tony you can never truly know.
“He’s a good guy that’s been fucked over by life but the line starts behind us.
It takes a few moments for their breathing to level out and for the shudders to stop.
Steve grabs Tony’s face as he feels hands on either side of his waist pulling his body forward.
Tony bucks forward and their cocks press tightly together.
We can look for a contractor.”
Steve sucks rhythmically at Tony’s skin, feels the hand in his hair tremble for a few moments before the fingers squeeze and pull his head away.
“Did you want a massage?”
“We almost killed each other.
Very few cared to know
Want me to change the time?”
Steve looks up when he hears Tony reach toward the cooler.
Steve nods, “Yeah.
Tony cackles as he stands and leans on the table to get closer to Steve’s face.
For Tony’s next visit he’s early, which surprises Steve as he’s still locking up the front and shutting off the lights when he hears the back door.
Sam’s always looking for activities to have as options so they found space for a well loved, but functional, foosball table; two shelves full of puzzles and a small bookcase full of books which acts as their own little library.
He drags his tongue across Tony’s before coaxing it into his mouth and sucking.
“You keep flirting with me,” Steve says in a whisper as he grasps Tony’s t-shirt and leans towards his face.
Tony replies unconvincingly.
Steve’s vision was to provide aid to those that needed it at no charge.
He does this several times before he looks up.
Rhodey laughs and spins the chair toward the door and Tony is reminded of how easy it is with him.
As he gets closer to his house, he takes a deep breath and wipes the sweat from his face as he takes his front steps in one leap.
Tony nods.
Tony just stares at him waiting for Steve to put his hands on the table and Steve really doesn’t think Tony will take no as an answer unless Steve comes clean and admits why he doesn’t want it.
Steve wouldn’t blame him if he just left, but instead a hand grasps his.
“Who the hell knows,”
He can feel how hard Tony is pressing against his wet pants; he groans and rubs his lips along Tony’s cheek panting.
After months, the regulars accept him.
He knows about Steve’s calls but wasn’t sure what was happening on your end.”
Steve’s not cynical at heart but he’s starting to think the surprise early morning visits are Sam’s way of checking in on him.
They both whine, they’re so close.
Steve’s lost almost everything, again, and he didn’t want to give up that last piece of hope. But being apprehensive doesn’t stop him from replaying their meeting and remembering how Tony looked playing with his phone or the way they shook hands.
Steve smiles at how annoyed Tony sounds.
He’s finishing the top of Tony’s hand and just interlocking their fingers together when Tony speaks.
Far enough away to have some freedom but close enough to move if we’re needed.
“Is this what you used last week?” Tony asks.
Maybe Steve shouldn’t have kept things from Sam because the next day feels completely different.
He’s missed it.
He concentrates on calming his breathing and tries to take deep breaths because all he wants to do is cry.
“Again, don’t apologize unless you didn’t mean it.
that Rogers hasn’t been calling and leaving sonnets.”
He only has to wait five minutes before he hears the Iron Man armor; something he hasn’t heard in months.
He knows it was weird.
It was too close.”
I had to coax what happened with them from Natasha.
Lunch, I’ve got it.
He lied by omission because he’s a horrible liar and probably had to pretend he didn’t see the report to ease his guilt… and then Barnes returned.
This is the rather large elephant they’ve been ignoring.
Steve crosses his arms over his chest, angry.
Tony drags his hand from his neck down his chest to grab the waistband of his pants. Steve pushes forward, opens his eyes enough to locate the wall behind Tony, and keeps pushing until Tony is pressed against it.
“Is it almost over?
He’s not sure if he’s supposed to hear Tony or not, but he did and Steve pivots and strides back to Tony.
Or, if he had done something to fuck it up but he’d been so sure that they had found a level playing field and were on the same page.
I could have stopped you at anytime.”
and changes his approach.
Each day is more of the same as he moves through his tasks routinely.
Steve stops and has a crisis of faith.
“You’ve been talking to Wilson?”
He exits through the rear entrance, which is only for employees, and now evidently, Tony.
He holds his breath as it rings and exhales when it goes right to voicemail, of course it does, but Steve leaves a message.
He’s been adding more running to the routine as often as possible but only because he’s been having trouble sleeping.
I was thinking a dark blue, the white is too hard to keep up.”
There were two areas where Steve conducted the massage therapy.
“I think we can agree the situation with Barnes was unprecedented.
“He’s your late Monday appointment, isn’t he?”
Just seems late for an appointment.”
“Yeah.”
Steve rolls his eyes and wipes a hand down his face.
No, I’ve heard nothing.
His lips tingle from running across the stubble.
He even started to pulling away from Sam.
Nothing’s wrong.
Steve makes an affirmative sound and Tony’s fingers drag across the top of his hand.
Steve smiles,
I think it’s childish, who talks about their feelings?”
He says and leans against the railing continuing to laugh.
Steve says nothing.
And I know you mean well and that you care, but you have this idea in your head about me and I can’t live up to that.
And while he may sound flip he squeezes Rhodey’s shoulder in heartfelt thanks.
Steve rubs a hand down his face feeling his face heat again.
Steve swallows then turns his back to the table when he sees Tony start to swing his legs to the side, sitting up.
Steve sits back and is amazed at how relaxed Tony seems.
As he’s washing his hands a hand clamps down on his shoulder and he jerks to the side, turns and pushes his elbow up all at the same time.
I allowed personal feelings to cloud everything about the Accords and Bucky.”
Tony tilts his head against the wall and seems to look at the ceiling.
He leaps onto his porch, skipping the three steps and stops in front of Tony’s lounging figure.
Steve’s face flushes as he’s immediately embarrassed about the messages.
How can Tony even look at him?
The light in the room is dim in order to provide some privacy to his clients.
As you said, life is fucking us all over, go find yourself a little happiness.”
Steve works hard for this balance and finds it exhausting.
The weeks of meetings and continued texting has just amplified them.
He sometimes forgets there are other people that can separate the two.
I’m protecting them.”
You glossed over the details but you said he went after Bucky with such hatred that the three of you barely walked away and you think he’s trustworthy?”
Steve forces out a chuckle he doesn’t feel.
You’re very punctual with your voicemails.”
Steve smiles and puts his hands on top of Tony’s and forces the fabric down until they’re both completely exposed.
Steve huffs in amusement and digs into his pocket for his keys.
Steve knows he’s working through things at his own pace and it would be great if Sam could give him that space.
He quickly flicks his eyes down Tony’s body and back up, “Looking forward to it.”
And just to have complete disclosure I gave him a status update on everyone. And he returned the favor.”
He sighs knowing it’s not that simple.
Soft pants, heavy metal t-shirt and hair slightly mussed from the suit.
Instead we made the decision to help a community.”
Process it.
“Ready to go?” Sam asks.
Tony smiles and puts his hands in his pockets.
“Sure.
We thought some quiet was what she needed.
“At night?”
Steve hears the door open and then Sam calling his name.
Tony just raises an eyebrow but doesn’t comment and Steve grateful relaxes.
Which would be easier if Steve knew what he was doing.
Tony says and stands up, “Same time next week?”
He’ll never walk on his own again, but he’s alive.”
“How’s work?” Steve asks.
“Let’s give your new legs a workout so that you can stop being so lazy, sitting around all day.”
We’re talking…”
So why does he?
They part shortly thereafter and Steve starts immediately anticipating the next meeting.
For the last several weeks the calls are double what they were at the start and Tony feels that Steve’s starting to ramble in his messages.
He heads for the stairs with Tony following.
He knows, or at least assumes that Tony is picking up the messages because the voicemail is never full and considering Steve leaves multiple messages a month, he knows he’s being heard.
He keeps calling; keeps leaving messages that always say the same thing: it’s Steve, how are you then he mentions a way to reach out.
“If you can’t find him, I don’t think Ross will.
Tony smirks as his eyes slowly travel down Steve’s body.
He can’t start now.
Not to be outdone, Steve stands and steps forward leaning heavily on the hand that’s grasping the railing.
He reacted too quickly.
He tells me to stop blaming myself.
Smiling, Tony answers, “I already had Friday put me in as a recurring appointment.”
“So what happens when Ross demands to know where we are?”
Plus I feel like I need to say it again,
Steve struggles briefly with his own pants, pulling them up until he’s decent enough to walk.
He balls one hand into a fist to stop the words tumbling from his mouth.
Or so I’m told.”
His mornings don’t include a lot of personal grooming; the alarm sounds, he showers, eats standing at the counter, and goes to the Center.
Sam takes a step back and looks at the aqua color then the cans lined up all with a steel blue color dot on the lid.
He squeezes his eyes tight, what the hell kind of person is he?
Steve startles only slightly when a hand touches his head.
“Right.
It’s been a year and there’s no trace of him.
He isn’t sure if he finds it annoying or endearing.
How can Sam be impartial?
“You’ll make a secret agent soon.”
He nips and licks while Tony rubs along the length of him.
Tony claps his hands together.
“I need to change.
“I’m joking.”
Maybe he just wasn’t ready to hear anything supportive until now.
Shit happens.
Looking back, Steve’s convinced he wasn’t right, but… He knows he’d never willingly leave Bucky, but maybe if he handled it differently maybe he would’ve been more open to the Accords or maybe listened more to Tony.
Steve sniffs and tries to make sure the tears don’t fall.
Sam isn’t squinting at him while trying to decode his mood or trying to force conversations, and Steve isn’t actively avoiding Sam.
The silence that follows is tense and Steve’s heart is beating fast as he wonders what Tony will say.
Any chance Ross is waiting for you to find him and use that?”
“Thanks for the pep talk.”
After a few minutes of silence Steve breaks first, “You alright?”
The general meetings take place in the largest section of the first floor.
Who would want to get to know
“Tony.
It’s what makes the world go round.”
Rhodey cringes, “
“Are you still building?”
So he does, “Are you up for a massage?”
Steve puts the empty in the cooler and takes another one.
Steve flushes as he realizes his t-shirt is stuck to his chest and his pants are pulling across his hips as he turns toward the door.
He walks over to Steve and gestures with his right hand at the paint.
“Natasha is a natural trainer.
The silence in the room is heavy and though Steve wants to fill the silence, he isn’t sure what to say.
