“No” There is no point in lying, Dean knows. For a few moments neither of them says anything, they just study each other. He has really blue eyes, Dean notes, and almost scoffs.
Novak hands the tests over to a person in the front row and they are passed to all of them. It has four question, definitions for five devices and Dean sighs in relief, the first one coming to him. He listens as Novak tells them they have half an hour and he starts writing.
And alright it’s true. He hasn't had a proper meal in weeks, but Sam needs the money and Dean needs a roof above his head, because he
“Don't worry, Cas. I’m a big boy” Cas rolls his eyes and Dean smiles at him, a real one this time. “Seriously you don't need to worry about me”
Dean is flirting with a pretty redhead, who is all soft smiles and curves, over the counter when he feels a tap on his shoulder making him flinch slightly.
Her hair are long falling down her shoulders, a light brown, maybe blonde in the morning sun, her skin is pale under the low lights of the bar. She is wearing a cream dress, smells like the ocean, anise and cinnamon and orders a sweet Martini.
Cas laughs softly, “Well, you are on her bed” Dean smiles at him even if Cas cant see him. He feels Carmen put one leg on his stomach and now he is prepared for the pressure and discomfort, then she settles on his chest. What he is not prepared of is the lick she gives him on his nose.
Cas touches his shoulder. First lightly, a comforting weight and when Dean still doesn’t look up at him he grips it harder.
“Nervous?” he almost jumps when he hears the woman’s voice and he turns to look at her. She chuckles and smiles at him.
“I’m not judging you. I’ve never judged you” Castiel says softly and Dean looks down at the table, his shoulders dropping and he takes a deep breath.
He doesn’t say anything though, when Sam returns with the plates. He just eats his pizza and half way through the movie he falls back to sleep.
“You sure?” she asks, “It’s office hours you are not bothering him. He just sometimes gets too absorbed in his work to-” she stops as the door opens and Novak comes out looking down at the papers in his hands.
“I know” He says and looks out the window. And Dean concludes that this guy is probably one of the weirdest people he has ever met. He turns to look at him again and Dean raises his eyebrows expectantly.
Miracle helps. She helps so much. Dean has moved her bowls in his room after the first week. She sleeps at the end of his bed and in the mornings she jumps on him and licks his face. She is so soft and sweet and Dean pours as much love as he can give to her.
“My what Cas? Hm?” he spats back, that seems to make him recoil. “You don't know shit about me so just drop it.”
Her blue eyes stare at him and it takes Dean a second to register her words. He takes a step towards her desk and away from the door, “No it’s fine I don't need…”
“Not to mention that Cas has quite the reputation” yes, Dean knows, that's what’s worrying him, all those people mooning over him. He has seen it happen and it wasn't pretty “And he is giving a speech, he has a lot to prepare for. So, stop being a whiny bitch,” he adds with a face and Dean splutters.
“Hey” he says back, as she walks in, closing the door behind her. She sits in a chair in front of his desk and leaves a file on the edge of the desk, on top of his notes. “To what I owe the visit?”
“I think you are a remarkable person. No, you are going to let me talk” he says and Dean closes his mouth. “I wish you would see just how wonderful you are. And Sam, if you tell him or he comes here, he wont care. Dean, if he is how you say he is, which I’m sure he is, you brought him up, then he wont mind. You are not letting anyone down, Dean. You won’t disappoint him, not after all the things you’ve done. You have sacrificed”
He hears footsteps approaching him, his hand flies to the gun in the back of his jeans, before he releases the familiarity of them.
“The third part, Into the Millennium, ends with drafts and notes as he tried to work out the ending”
“Everyone is worried, you know? And I just don't know what to do, I- I have nothing. Not even, not even a hair” Cas is saying, frustration edging in his voice. He is moving the spoon in circles idly, looking down.
“Dean.” He turns his head to the other side, where Sam is waving at him. He sighs, moving towards them. He stands in front of them and stares at Castiel who is staring back at him, open and intensely and Dean has to try not to lick his lips.
“People though” the first girl starts again “believe that having a PhD, gives you great job prospects or you are respected more”
“Yeah,” he shouts, closing the box he was supposed to be sorting through and puts it with the others containing similar notes on Lamias. He catches Jack’s eyes for a moment before looking away. The kid is so earnest and open in his emotions that is for Dean, at times unbearable to look at.
“You are wondering why I’ve got custody of him” Dean interrupts him. Castiel nods looking a bit sheepish.
“There are a lot of doors.” When he continues to stare at her unimpressed, she continues. “When gods die they go there too.”
The wind mill, after Lucifer killed Cas, worked similarly. On the hours after Dean had gone there he was calmer, not satisfied, but the void in his chest was somewhat filled. It was as if he was connecting with Cas.
Michael isn’t that understanding and he has a few choice words for the matter, but he eventually yields. They leave him and Adam in Jim Thorpe, with a promise to stay in contact.
“Yes, thank you” he answers, raising his eyebrow at him, which results in Benny looking more amused. But he doesn't make a comment, though Castiel knows it rests on the tip of his tongue, instead he turns to Dean.
“You are not worried that there is someone out there killing prostitutes and that you could be one of them?” he asks incredulously, like he can’t believe Dean is comfortable with the idea of death. Not that he is, but still.
Castiel shudders, mouth slightly open, watching as Dean has now worked two fingers in, he reaches down and touches himself. Starts pumping his cock and Dean moans, momentarily closing his eyes. When he’s worked a third finger in, he tells Castiel to stop, only watch and he obliges him. Dean moves a forth finger in, and before he is completely comfortable with how open he is, he removes his fingers. He moves, with Castiel’s heavy stare following him and sinks down his cock, watching in awe as the other man’s eyes roll back in his head, his mouth falling open soundlessly.
The silence stretches between them and Castiel knows that Crowley won’t talk until he finishes, but he doesn't know if he can. He glances around the room and then down at his hands again, he stares at them for a minute willing himself to talk. He swallows thickly and looks at Crowley. He is reminded of the feeling he got when he found his underwear in the bathroom. He knows Dean didn't mean to leave them. There was this tightness and sadness that felt like it would either tear his chest open or he would throw up. Instead he picked them up put them into the washing machine with his clothes, washed them, dried them and placed them at the back of his drawer.
Dean looks at Carmen, or at least her outline and tentatively starts to stroke her head and she starts to purr after a while, making Dean smile.
Castiel nods and thinks everything over. Part of the problem, he knows, is the mixed signals Dean kept sending him, there were times when Castiel was certain that he did want him, and maybe not just physically and there were others where he couldn't tell. He knows that Dean is a flirt, the kind of flirt that doesn't know he is flirting all the time he is doing it, it comes to him way to naturally. But Castiel had thought that perhaps Dean was interested in him, or maybe it was just wishful thinking. Going back to their interactions, he finds himself more and more sure of that, that some things were his imagination. Besides Dean is so interesting and bright and social, things Castiel isn’t. He just reads history and art books, his social circle consists of barely five people and his pop culture knowledge is practically non-existent. What if – and is that a scary thought – what if Dean views him like a client. Not consciously, but he felt the need to entertain him, after all Castiel sort of imposed himself in Dean’s life.  Perhaps he is overthinking it. Perhaps is his own lack of experience and grasp of social norms, he only ever had one relationship, and thinking back he can’t remember very well the beginning of it. Not that he expects Dean to be a long relationship or a relationship at all, that would be presumptuous and after all -
He gets up and out of the shop in seconds. He looks at the station and frowns. This was a bad idea. And the thing he is about to do even worse.
He takes her to the windmill with him whenever he goes now. It’s nice watching her run around entertaining herself and being silly, makes him want to smile. It’s good to be there with another presence.
After a beat or two Dean finally turns around, because in fact he doesn't know why he is staring at an auto shop, maybe because of the state Baby is in, he muses. He only makes it two steps, before he hears the man shout at him.
He walks towards the back where the beginning of the small forest starts and half sits half leans against one of the big rocks there.
“Name is Peter Alden, age twenty-six. According to the records he left home about a year ago, his sister reported him missing. He is from Roanoke, Virginia.”
“We didn't talk yesterday. He sent a text, said he is too busy, but-” he sighs again, “Thought he’d call this morning” he crosses his arms then adds petulantly “He didn't even text”
“Mhm” Then her expression turns serious “I know you loved Mick, and I know a part of you still does, but maybe you should give this a shot, it can be a great thing.” He sighs “No, listen I am not just saying this because, it’s someone that’s interesting or is interested in
Dean can see Lisa flush at the words and she lets out a small “yeah” then adds, voice high “it’s also on your university page”
It takes him a minute to get a hold of himself and then he reaches for his trench coat. He puts it on hastily and opens the door, barely registering as it bangs against the wall.
He closes his eyes momentarily and wets his lips. He slowly turns to his right, as if scared to look, clenching the sheets with his hands. And sure enough, he is greeted with a freckled back and light brown hair.
“Yes, and he reminds me of the other man that was found about six months ago, even though their death was different, body condition is similar”
There is a boy Jake, James, he doesn't remember, he was working, serving tables and Bobby had gone to the toilet and Dean had let his eyes linger. He was handsome. Broad shoulders, dirty blonde hair, hazel eyes, easy smile, better laugh, around Dean’s age.
He remembers a blinding light, that in the first few days after he returned from Hell it was just a fleeting thing, but if he pushed his mind harder he was able to hold it longer.
“I got custody of Sam five years ago, just before we moved here” he tells him, which doesn’t answer the question, but is all Dean can offer right now and Castiel appears to understand that.
He goes to the kitchen and sees Dean sitting on a chair drumming his finger idly on the table. He knows Dean hasn't eaten anything all day, it’s how he gets when something is bothering him or he is sad. Like that Tuesday when they learned that radiotherapy was in fact useless.
Dean freezes, there is warmth that spears through him at the words and he stays there staring at Cas’s wild hair. Until the angel turns and looks at him giving him a smile that is just in his eyes.
He finishes eating the muffin and looks towards the counter, maybe he will have another one. A blueberry one this time. But then he sees that trench coat and the unruly hair and swallows audibly. He is ordering and maybe he will take his coffee or whatever and leave. Though, Dean isn’t sure he will be happy with that. So, he continues to look, not gaze he tells himself, and waits.
The differences between the two are so smooth but with an undercurrent of similarity, and filling one another in their movements and words, that Dean knows it has nothing to do with them sharing one body. It unnerves him sometimes, it is as if he is watching a private moment and the flame in his chest reignites consuming, causing his stomach to drop in an anxious anticipation of something. Like something tremendous is happening before his eyes that he cannot see, is how he sometimes felt around-
He looks up at the sky and has a wild thought that he immediately discards. And then everything happens slowly and fast at the same time.
“Do you have pies?” he interrupts whatever Cas was going to say and he nudges him, but Dean ignores him.
And the problem is Dean doesn't mind. He knows what he wants, he can taste it at the tip of his tongue, he can feel it in the way his heart is beating, but he knows it is a fruitless want. One that only serves as an unattainable temptation. Still his stares don't waver, which is mirrored by the other man, making Dean think that all these would be easier if Novak didn't reciprocate. He doesn't all the time, which makes things worse, all these mixed signals and for what? Nothing is going to happen even if they were clear.
“Just, at least wear sweatpants” he says looking at him now, with a bitchface, that Dean holds back a laugh at.
He presses his lips in a tight line as he stares at the photographs of the victims on the pinboard. They found another body this morning, making them five. He was expecting another one considering the pause of one week, a man like that doesn't just stop. He is gripping his cup a little too tights and sets on the table before he snaps the cup.
She gets along with Bobby - both grumpy and bitter in their bones - , like two peas in a pod, it’s kind of unnerving to watch at times, still his chest swells with affection every time he sees them.
“A few. She can’t just resurrect all angels from the Empty so she is making some new ones. But Gabriel is back, he is helping her make more and run the place.”
They leave the room, saying goodbye at the officers by the door and get into the elevator. Castiel presses the button from the ground floor.
“’night, Cas” and it should be weird, but it isn’t and when Cas replies gruffly “Good night, Dean” something settles inside Dean making him sigh in content.
Instead they just stare at each other as Dean rinses the soap of his body. He dries himself and walks back to the bedroom, puts on a pair of boxers and a shirt, that he is pretty sure is Cas’ and thinks of lying down, but remembers the lights and goes back out to turn them off.
“Yeah, maybe she has gone crazy.” Dean directs to Michael sardonically. “That’s why she has warded herself so well.”
The first thing he notices is the change of temperature and then Castiel who is standing in the middle of the lobby staring at the gigantic poster of the movie. He goes and stands next to him.
Dean closes his eyes groaning. He remembers he left the shoes by the stairs and curses under his breath. He hears the door open and a small squeal followed by an excited “Dad” and he opens his eyes abruptly, a chill running down his spine.
Well, not entirely true because the thought of Cas calms him and makes him feel good, like he matters and sometimes when he thinks about the way Cas looks at him he feels like he is adequate, though he doesn't know at what. Which is absurd, because one Dean isn’t anything worthwhile and two Cas is far too good and virtuous to be looking at Dean like this or think that he is anything other than, than
When he is done with these classes, he moves to the IT building to find Charlie as he promised her. She is a PhD candidate who is working as a teaching assistant to Dorothy Baum, who she totally has a crush on, but doesn't admit. They met three years ago, when she brought her car to the garage because it made a strange sound – sparkplugs problem - and they became friends or more accurately, she bossed her way into his life. Not that he minds, he loves her, she one of the most amazing people in his life.
Novak takes a breath, “Now, for The Sound and The Fury, it is a story that is difficult to analyse and grasp, is why I told you not to read it before today’s class, I do expect you to read it until next Friday though.” There are some groans and sighs, that Novak raise his brows at them unimpressed, saying “It’s not even three hundred pages.” Then he continues “At first glance it is about three brothers that are obsessed with their sister; however, it goes deeper than that. On a structural level, it has four chapters all told from different points of view and not in chronological order. Faulkner uses different narrative styles, which upon reading the book, I want you to note down for next week.”
He tries to pretend that what happened wasn’t that much of a big deal, just a normal hook up, nothing special. He doesn't exactly try to diminish it, just not think about it much, minimise it, but it’s there in every corner of his mind, on his skin, everywhere, it clings like a wet shirt on his skin and Dean can’t seem do anything about it; every time he closes his eyes and sees Castiel, his body flatters and something, like a lump, gets stuck in his throat, and because he is a masochist, a part of him can't help but relish in it.
The taste in his mouth is sour and his takes a sip of coffee but it makes things worse somehow. He is getting angrier the more he sits there and he wants to tear his hair out or punch a wall.
For a moment he thinks about calling Sam and tell him everything that goes through his head, but dismiss the idea as quickly as it comes. Sam doesn't know anything, he doesn't know that he is attracted to men as well as women and Dean isn’t ready for him to know either. He knows Sam isn’t going to judge him, he isn’t dad, at least he hopes he isn’t, still he can’t bring himself to tell him, because
“I’ll drive you” he is finding himself saying and that makes Dean look at him. His eyes widen in panic and he shakes his head, opening his mouth to refuse.
“We need the car. I know there is a burger house, down the street, but I now one that makes the best burgers.” He tells him as they walk in the station, in a way that is so Cas that Dean almost loses it from the things going crazy in his stomach. He breathes deeply and ignores them.
He calls Aphrodite and starts reading to her, but at the first line she starts laughing and doesn’t stop for a minute. It’s not a good start and he gets frustrated the more he talks and he curses the whole thing and the whole of Greek language, that not to her face.
“Hi” Dean nods and doesn't know if a sound left his throat or he just formed the word with his lips.
“Morning, thanks for the coffee” Dean replies, not looking phased at all and walks to the coffee machine and puts coffee in the two mugs. He opens a cupboard and takes out a canister that says sugar and places it in front of Castiel along with the cup of coffee and turns around taking a sip from his cup and sighing contently.
He balances two hands either side of Dean and a knee between his legs, and looks down at him grinning, before kissing him again. They get his shirt off as well, and Cas kisses down his chest, over the line of his boxers, completing ignoring his erect cock, before moving at the inside of his thighs, making Dean moan and arche and
Dean had learned for a very young age to be self-sufficient in his wants, in his needs and in his emotions. Whatever wasn’t filled by others he filled himself. He knew how to hold his hand. Perhaps that is a reason why he never had an imaginary friend.
Castiel reaches for him, resting a hand in his shoulder and Dean swallows, looks down at the now half full glass of orange juice and twirls it slightly.
For the first half of the week, he doesn’t have the time to worry about it, with work and studying and Billie’s stuff, except for a sense of longing that catches him off guard a couple of times, that he stubbornly pushes down. By Thursday, he thinks he has this whole thing under control and that when he sees Novak the next day, he will be perfectly fine, he is even optimistic about the lecture.
“Esme, listen” he starts working around the lump in his throat, for a reason he can’t explain his heart is beating loudly in his chest as if he is anticipating something. “These stuff you can’t let it-” he shakes his head, every word becoming harder and harder. “It’ll eat you alive and you will want to isolate yourself, but don’t. I know you think that the people around you they can’t help you, but they can. Not immediately and not with their words or actions but they can bring a normality. A sense of stability.”
Castiel takes his hand and it’s so warm that it spreads all over Dean’s body, and leads them to his bedroom; once they are there he turns around and attacks Dean’s lips again. He takes off Dean’s jacket and leaves it on the floor. Next he reaches for his flannel, then his shirt and pulls and Dean lets him, but let’s out a chuckle, goose bumps rising on his skin.
He takes a couple of seconds, he snakes a hesitant arm around Cas, who seems to realize his fear and leans down kisses his temple and says in a deep murmur, “I’m still here”
He just shakes his head, bids her goodbye and ignores her and the look that passes her face. Not that she knows anything.
He is sorting through some of the notebooks the men of letters used, pretending he doesn’t notice Sam going into 7B.
He passes a door that has a sign that says “For Staff only” and then another that is blank and then he sees a third one that says “Detective C. J. Novak”.
University is better than he thought it would be. Dean never in a million years thought that he would say that, not that he knew what to expect from it. However, now that he is on his second week there, he finds himself not completely at ease but getting there. He supposes the reason he likes it so much, is because of how different it is from high school, even if the last time he was there was six years ago. There, everyone had something to say about everyone and you constantly lived with the weight of being a certain way. University, is completely different. No one gives a shit about you. You can walk across campus or go to class wearing your pyjamas or be a replica of a Kiss member and no one would bat an eye at you. Ok, maybe for the last one they would, but it would only last for ten seconds. Dean thinks, that's why he likes it, admittedly university makes him more restless than any high school he’s ever been to. Perhaps Dean just grew.
For some reason it irritates Dean, but he instantly thinks it’s absurd to be irritated by that, so he forces a smile, and steps out of the line to wait for his order. The other guy, Jesse, according to his nametag, hands him the muffin and the coffee after a minute or so.
A beep sounds and he startles, heart skipping a beat. He rolls his eyes at himself, he should be expecting it judging from what day it is, he searches for his phone blindly for a few seconds and takes it into his hands and unlocks it.
“So, how did you ended up being a detective?” he asks quietly, because he needs to move from the Yale thing.
“He is not my boy” he repeats less ardently and turns to go to his office, huffing when Hannah chuckles.
“Yes,” Novak says and seems pleased, “You could say that Keeley thought it was two different things, but Vagenas argued that mythic method is a form of objective correlation, and why that is. Of course, I understand, as this was something all of you had trouble with, that you need to have studied Seferis and Eliot” and then as an afterthought he adds, “Auden too, but I wanted a bit more information on that.”
They move inside the room and Dean unbuttons Cas’ shirt all the way, because apparently at some point before he had started doing that and had pulled it out of his slacks as well. It becomes a bit of a problem when they are both trying to remove each other’s shirts at the same time. They have to stop and take them off themselves and then they are on each other again. Dean feels the bed behind his legs and instinctively falls back pulling Cas with him. Which was a bad idea because he wasn't expecting it and Dean ends up with a painful jab on his ribs and a muffled sorry. But it’s worth it cause when they move again, Dean feels Cas’ clothed cock rub against his own and they both swallow each other’s moans.
“Nah, I’m working on the group project with Kevin, which went well. His mum helped in few sections” he says grimacing slightly.
Sam looks from Dean to the phone frowning, his face pinching in confusion. He closes the call and waits for Dean to explain trying to make his expression as open and inviting as possible.
“I went to talk to him.” Castiel sighs and intertwines his fingers. “And… I don't know. I mean it wasn't…” he finally looks at Crowley. He notes his slightly pleased and amused expression and he rolls his eyes. “I just” he begins again with emphasis. “I wanted to talk to him. More.” He felt relaxed with Dean, something he hadn’t felt in a while with strangers. And he found himself wanting to know more about him. But he didn't let his thoughts go far, whenever he did it was like an ice bucket thrown at him and he stopped thinking about it.
“Let’s go” Dean asks, chest tightening. He watches as the other man gets in his car, an Audi SUV, and Dean thinks he ought to like him less for his choice of a car. He gets inside Baby and Charlie follows him, and Dean completely ignores her and her smug looks she sends him. What does she know anyways? What does anyone know?
He is not fond of Matisse’s style but that painting always makes him feel something in the centre of his chest, that is both familiar and not, and something wells in his eyes and for a moment he is oddly reminded of his mum. A distant, frayed memory of a morning in a kitchen he hasn't seen since he was four.
“Just to see if you knew him or seen him yesterday around here” He says simply, with a bit of hope in his voice. Dean shakes his head slightly.
. He absolutely hated it, and everything that made him look like that and even though he wanted to know more he didn't say anything, he didn't know if he could handle what Cas had to say.
“Yes” Dean finds himself saying, before he can think about it. This is a bad idea. This is a horrible idea. He should say no and leave. But then he looks into Castiels’ eyes and thinks that out of all the bad ideas he has ever had, this is the best and worst at the same time.
He doesn’t let on how much that unnerves him, how it makes his muscles lock up and how his whole body protests at the idea. He just listens quietly to Jack talk excitedly about it.
In the end he ended up telling her, that he doesn't feel comfortable with himself, he sometimes feels hollow and that he is scared he will end up like his dad (he doesn't elaborate, doesn't say a disappointment, a drunk, a quitter), which was too much. It was the second session after all. They have started to delve in deeper now, voicing things that Dean can’t bear thinking about, but he does there, in that office on the third floor with Billie. There still things he hasn't touched (he doesn't know if he will ever be able to), like everything with dad and is that a can of worms, he believes that Billie knows, or at least suspects and that makes him feel strangely at ease, like he doesn't have to hide. He thinks about telling her, about the anger, the beatings, the times he left him on the side walk alone, the fact that Dean could never please him. And he feels heavy - with what he said, what he needs to do - and light, because he is getting them off his chest, when he leaves, and he has a lot to think about, and a lot to change, but he is taking it a step at a time. Despite all that, he finds he can’t think of not going to the sessions, even if sometimes he wants to call in sick.
Cas sighs, “Ok, I’ll heat up some of the lasagna ok? There is water,” he gestures with his hand at the nightstand and Dean sees a glass of water there. He smiles faintly at Cas, but somehow it hurts, so he stops.
“Castiel” Dean starts, saying his name makes the haziness in his mind clear and he can strangely feel the bed beneath him as if he is laying down for the first time, grounding him “We- we can talk about it in the morning” he finishes, looking at his hands, voice cranky and supressing a grimace at how hopeful he sounds.
She looks as if she is expecting it though, her palms curl and her arms stop halfway from curling back around herself, her face hardens, her lips tighten and she swallows thickly.
“Hey” Dean tells him moving further into the bright kitchen with a newfound, half faked confidence. He takes a seat at a stool in the middle island and grins at him. He puts most of his weight on his right leg, firmly planted on the ground, so he won’t fall off. He is buzzing.
“I think there is something wrong with the button.” Sam says after a second, quietly, needlessly. He is watching Dean carefully, as if he can break from just a wrong look or the wind blowing a little harder than normal. It’s how he looked at him in the kitchen after they found Cas’ phone number. Except this is much worse.
“No, I believe you” the guy says and Dean looks at him better this time. He is tall, probably just a little shorter than Dean, with blonde hair and pale blue eyes, that Dean glances at for a moment before returning his gaze to the beer bottle, because something jabs at his chest painfully. He is handsome though. And interested. For some reason though that makes the pressure in Dean’s chest contract.
“Ok, I will. For now.”  he answers eventually and Dean can’t help but smile at his answer, because it is so Sam and he misses the kid so much.
Dean shuts his eyes tightly listening to Sam moving stuff around and pretends nothing is wrong. Like he pretends his jacket with Cas’s handprint isn’t at the bottom of his closet and when he wants to make himself feel disgusting he takes out.
“Cereal” Cas nods and opens a cupboard getting two bowls out and Dean gets up and wordlessly goes to the fridge, the mostly empty fridge he notes, and takes the cartoon of milk out.
Dean looks at him in shock and then he smiles. It’s the first real smile Castiel sees and it makes something in his chest flatter. It makes him look younger and carefree. He likes it. He might fall in love with that smile. His thoughts stop at that thought, and he panics. No. Just no. He suddenly wants to flee. Put a hundred miles between them.
“That would be for the best.” He says evenly at last and Dean, because he likes to hurt himself, looks at him again. He swallows the bitterness in his mouth and nods just enough, suddenly feeling small.
“I’ve been here for a little over a week.” He answers turning his eyes to Sam but his attention clearly remains on Dean. “Adam wanted to travel. Heaven can be too much sometimes and especially rebuilding it.”
It takes Dean a moment to figure out who Mia is and when he does he straightens up in his chair, his muscles going rigid. “Fuck no.”
It is around two when Castiel finally gets a message from Billie telling him, she has finished with the autopsy. Finally, something. They still haven’t heard a word from Charlie on who the guy is, so they just sit around waiting and going through the security cameras from the hotel.
me and you know what the funny thing was?” because he can’t use another word for it, can’t say pathetic or sad or scary “In the beginning of her story I didn't realize the problems with what she was saying or why she was saying that what had happened to her was wrong and” he licks his lips “and abusive. And I was- I don't know if she realized about me and that’s why she approached me. She gave me her phone number and after two weeks I called her. I told her what was happening or at least some of it and she helped me, got into a support group and everything. I don't know exactly what happened with Alistair but I never saw him again. Well until yesterday.”
Dean opens his mouth slightly and after a moment of thought, he gives him a subtle nod and Novak raises his chin at him, a bit of surprise in his eyes, but otherwise his expression shows he is pleased, “Yes?”
He pulls back and grabs a condom rolling it on and lubes himself up. He lines up and Dean moves his legs and hips to accommodate him and he finally pushes in. Dean closes his eyes at the feeling, it’s hot and he is stretched, feeling the heated throbbing flesh inside him and it’s past satisfaction or mere pleasure, it touches something Dean doesn't dare to think about. But something at the back of his mind whispers
He rolls his shoulders trying to ease the tension in his back and rests his elbows on his knees, bowing his head. God, when is he going to go in? He already knows what extra classes he is going to enrol in. Introducing to social sciences, French, because he needs a stupid foreign language as well and he is not taking Spanish or German, and lastly from Egyptian to Byzantine art, because the other options are an absolute no. Finally, after what seem like hours, the door on his left opens and a girl comes out flashing him a smile and he returns it.
“Three. First is the irrationality of universe, second the meaninglessness of human life and third the importance of the physical world. Can someone tell me about the first?” no one moves, Novak smiles softly at them, “Don't be shy. It doesn't matter about being right, I just want to hear your thoughts”
God, it smells like heaven. He looks at the display, and swallows, he could eat everything, like everything in here, even those fruit bars on top of the counter next to Cas. He absentmindedly licks his lips and moves towards him and nudges him with his shoulder.
He finds them, relatively easy and starts making coffee. Soon, the silence is filled by the sounds the coffee machine makes and Castiel finds himself relaxing completely. He rests his weight against the counter and doesn't think of anything for a minute, until he has a fleeting thought about the papers he hasn't graded and panics , but then reason that it’s Saturday, at least he thinks it is, and he has time.
“Anna” a gravelly voice interrupts them. Dean freezes for just a moment, before turning in his seat to look at Castiel, who looks disheveled, tie askew and absolutely delicious if you ask Dean. And he takes it all back, because yes Anna is beautiful, but the sight of Castiel walking towards them, with that adorable frown, is a sight to behold. But again, it might just be Dean. Or the fact that he hasn't had sex in three weeks. And apparently that's a long time.
When they are done, they move silently in the kitchen, Dean with the empty box in his hands and Cas with the glasses and plates. He tells him where to through the box, as he starts washing the mugs from this noon. Dean stands next to him and watches his hands. When Cas finishes the first, he takes it and dries it with a towel, just so he has something to do and don't seem like a total creep staring at Cas’ hands. Same with the others. They don't talk, just stealing glances at each other. Dean feels young, like a teenager, not that he had time to do this when he was a teenager, he guesses that's why he enjoys it so much, even if it makes him nervous and his hands shake slightly. And for a moment it feels too much, he has an urge to cry, let it out somehow and he doesn't mind, not here. The thought makes his heart pound. However, he doesn't cry. He hears the ramble of a car pulling in a driveway and after bit a dog barking, he guesses a few houses away, he tries in vain to focus on that. He is much too charged with something to pay attention to anything other than Cas.
“You don't sound concerned about the situation” he says in a conversational tone, but Dean picks up on the implication.
“Always” he answers and sits at one of the stools in the middle island, clasping his hands on top. Cas hums in response and starts preparing the coffee and Dean notes the tension in his shoulders and it makes him tense up as well. Maybe this is a bad idea.
“I’ll see you around” he adds as he leaves, closing the door behind him and not waiting for an answer. He stops, after he goes down the steps, and reads the leaflet.
“I miss working with you as well” he says sincerely. He misses Anna, she has a way with working cases that nobody else has.
He finds Castiel, standing with his back to the door, in front of the kitchen counter muttering to himself. Dean moves his weight between his feet and clicks his tongue on the roof of his mouth before clearing his throat and sees amused as Castiel lets out a sound and turns around with stormy eyes.
He looks up at her and she smiles softly, encouraging; she is there and in a weird way it calms Dean, she feels solid and real. She hands him the tissues from her desk and Dean takes the box in his hands gratefully, but doesn't take one out. He is far too aware of himself, of his body, it’s an unnerving feeling.
me, when he both know he can’t with his schedule or he wants to come here for Christmas to spend it with me” he voice raises and he can feel a headache forming. He doesn't know if it’s because of their conversation or thinking about Sam and
There is more silence. Novak chuckles, “I am not saying that you shouldn't go to university, but it should be something you want. And that people change their mind and professions a lot more often than you think. Just because you have set out to do something now, doesn’t mean you are going to keep doing it in ten or twenty years.” He watches as people nod and then adds “I mean, my brother has a PhD in religious studies and then he started working, and is still working, as a pornstar”
Maybe he needs to get laid outside of work. He snorts at that and the woman, sitting on the table next to his, gives him a disapproving look and he just rolls his eyes. He glances towards the counter and sees Castiel, holding a large cup of coffee and walking towards the exit.
“By the time it got bad, or I realized it was bad, I felt like I couldn't get away. He, I- I didn't want to get away, I talked to some subs in the club, it was so different than what I was doing, but I thought different doms, so-” he licks his lips and swallows thickly, “I didn't want to leave him Cas” he has never said it out loud before, and it hurts so much, it rips his chest open and leaves him there bleeding, like when he was at Alistair’s’, only this time Cas is there. Cas who squeezes him and runs a hand through his hair and says “It’s understandable”
He is wearing his green blue checked pajama pants and a simple black shirt, hair everywhere as usual, but he looks worried. He looks at Dean worriedly.
“Has she ugh, resurrected more?” Sam asks hesitantly, warily, doesn’t look at Dean but his whole body goes rigid, shoulders squaring and his chin drops, like he is ready to fight or grasp a wild animal.
Eventually, he reaches and takes it into his hands turning it over, it just has his name printed on the front side, and that alone makes his stomach turn. He swallows and runs a finger across the letters.
His eyes skim through the word document and he scrolls down. He is frowning making Dean sink in his seat,
“’Morning” he says finally, his voice rough and he is certain he sounds a bit awed and hates himself for it.
“Ngh” he grabs at Cas shoulders and tries to bring him up at him, then Cas manages to remove his boxers and the cool air feels good on his skin.
Cas smiles down at him, and a few tears escape his eyes. “I love you too. So much, sometimes I can’t breathe”
Sam raises his hand in mock surrender “Ok, whatever you say”, he clicks something on his laptop and after a beat asks “What we eating?”
Bobby rises his eyebrows and Dean doesn't know if he wants to roll his eyes or laugh at him. Dean takes a breath and tries again, “I’m seeing a therapist”.
“Do you want to talk about it?” she asks in a modulated voice and he shrugs, “We can continue next week.”
“Haha very funny.” Dean can picture his face in his head and he chuckles, relaxing minutely. “What about you? Got anybody to ask out?”
When the class ends and he is in the safety of the hallway, he thinks about taking the elevator to the eleventh floor, where Novaks’ office is, but instead he heads out and to the parking lot. He gets into the impala, waiting for Charlie, since he promised to drive her home, since her car is at the garage – she really needs to replace that monstrosity - and sits with his hand in the ignition. He doesn't know what does it – perhaps is the thought of Sam at home studying through it all -, but he sighs taking his bag, getting back out. He shoots Charlie a text, that he will be late and she will have to wait for him and gets out.
“Perhaps we should move” Castiels says, voice impossibly deep, causing the heat on Dean’s lower stomach to intensify.
“I’ve seen him around down town, where I volunteer for the homeless, and I have a friend that gives condoms, and she gives prostitutes whole packages whenever she can” Castiel nods at that and she continues.
, want different things. Christ, he has only met him twice. He needs to stop thinking about this, about him. Besides he has more important things to think about.
“He gave me barely enough money to get by and a 45 and he had only paid the motel for the next three days. So, on the fourth the manager knocked on the door and-”
They continue to drive quietly until Dean almost swerves the car off the road. He hears Sam exclaim but he is too busy trying to shut the radio that he doesn’t pay attention to him.
“So, Castiel was telling me they have a problem with the wedding cake,” Sam starts and Dean blinks. Right, the guy is getting married and if he remembers correctly (from what Sam has told him) to a woman.  He needs to get a grip and maybe stop eye fucking him, like he is sure he is doing now. He turns his eyes to Sam, “The baker canceled at the last minute.”
“It’s my job” he gives Sam his bottle, and catches someone signaling to him. “Hey gotta go. Have fun”
“Duvel,” he says glancing at Sam, who rolls his eyes, they both know he won’t remember it, while pushing the bottle towards Castiel.
“I can’t-” Sam starts again when the silence stretches, long enough for Dean’s eyes to water and he blinks them away scowling. “What are you asking me exactly?”
They get inside the coffee shop and go up at the counter. Benny smirks when he sees them and puts down a plate of cookies he is holding.
Cas stops and stares at his eyes for a moment, before taking his hand, and Dean would have protest if he could think more clearly, and they climb the stairs.
He puts the container with the leftover food in the fridge, motions at Miracle to follow him and they both head to his room.
“Don't interrupt me. Thought you wanted to know, since you are all, you know” she raises her eyebrows suggestively. He hears Hannah chuckle and turns to glare at her, panicking slightly because that's not what-
Deans’ eyes widen and then he looks down. Castiel knows he won’t say anything and it’s fine, he doesn't want him to. There are more things he wants to say, but he knows Dean isn’t read to hear them. So, he just takes his cup in his hand and takes a sip from his now cold coffee and looks out the window. He smiles softly at the brown trees and something warm settles in him.
After he gets his fill, Dean calls him over and kneels in front of him, earning a lick in the face, making him grin and pets him some more, “You are such a good boy, you know that? Huh” He attaches the leash to his collar and they leave the park.
Sam jolts in his seat, his head lifting fast in an abrupt ungraceful movement that it would be funny in a different setting. His eyes are wide, staring at Dean as if he has grown another head or he has finally lost it.
He doesn’t remember how they got to his room only that they are suddenly there, and he knows Cas didn’t teleport them because he doesn’t feel his intestines being ripped apart.
“Hello, Dean” she says with a warm smile, then turns to Castiel excitement in her eyes. “And you are?”
“I don't think that's true” Something darkens in Dean and he knows it shows, but Castiel pushes. “You put Sam through Stanford and you are making something of yourself, that doesn't happen by chance Dean”
“No, but it’s not about getting inside a lecture hall and teaching either, that's part of it, a big one. One you should like. However, in order to be a professor and keep being a professor, you need to be published, write papers and reviews that are published in journals that only a small part of the population reads, using far too complicated words and interact civilly with people you’d rather see keel over and die” he continues, then adds. “Don't
Dean freezes there on his knees holding the lube and condom, staring at Cas transfixed, because holy hell. He is so so
“So” Dean starts fed up, not really knowing how to finish and looks at the other man to fill the empty space. He is really out of his depth here. It is so stiff and forced and he wants to high tail it out of there as fast as possible. Instead he grips the cup tighter and clenches his jaw until it hurts.
“You know she is…” Anna breaks him out of his thoughts and he sees the sadness and sympathy in her eyes and that she wants to say something, but can’t find the words. He gives her a tired smile. These are the moments he feels his love for her grow.
When a woman comes out of the closed door on his left, her blonde hair half falling from her ponytail, she is red faced and looks exhausted but relieved and sated all the same, Dean sighs deeply. She smiles at Dean, the wrinkles around her eyes more prominent. He smiles back at her tightly, and watches her leave, before exchanging a few words with Jessica.
He rolls his shoulders and tries to relax. September is ending and the days are getting chillier and he dreads the winter. He used to like it when he was a kid, even when he was on the road with his dad and Sam, and he hadn’t eaten in days and it was cold. There was something cathartic about winter and it made him feel clean in a way, peaceful, but for the last few years it has been awful. It makes him feel isolated and alone and cold in a way that has nothing to do with temperature. Anyways, he doesn't need to worry too much about it for now.
He lied. He can avoid Cas or at least he can not engage too much, something that Cas notices making him ask how he is. Dean replies that he is just stressed about the bar and then Cas is reassuring him that everything will go great and to have more faith in himself. Dean scoffs and half hates himself, half wants to say
He finds a pair of sweatpants on top of the dresser that smell like detergent and decides they will do for now and exits the room trying to find the bathroom.
“If that ever works out” he hasn't admitted that to anyone, how insecure he feels about it. Bobby knows he is scared to take the leap, is why he keeps nudging him. He has been able to buy the bar since last October, so for something more than a year now. He just doesn’t seem to be able to make that phone call. He is surprised no one has bought yet. It is in a good location and it doesn't need much restoring. And with his saving and the money Boddy has given him ( the money that took him two years to accept), he is able to do all that. It’s just, he is frozen, he has been spending so much time trying to get here, and now that he is, he kind of wants to turn back.
Still nothing from Cas, that hurts, more than it did before, because Dean needs him. He almost cries again, but instead puts the movie back on and this time watches it and then falls asleep.
They find a table by the windows, by some miracle because there are people everywhere – apparently Jim Thorpe is tourist town in December, who would have known? – and eat their food like usual. It’s a little too usual for Dean’s liking, as if Sam is trying too hard not to appear as disquiet as he clearly is. And both of them acting like Sam did not face time Eileen when Dean was talking with the next door neighbor, who thought she saw someone entering the house when the murder happened. And they both pretend that Sam wasn’t adamant not to leave Dean alone with Violet.
“Wow, didn't know you were a… minimalist.” He says with amusement and takes a bite off the muffin. God, he is starving and Gabriel may have just ruined all other muffins for Dean, apart from the ones’ Benny makes, the raspberry ones, not that Dean will ever admit liking those.
Neither is saying anything, they just stand there. Amelia examining him with contemptuous eyes and he suppresses the urge to shift or glare at her. He guesses he is an interesting sight in her ex-husband’s – and he hopes to God it’s ex-husband – house.
Fucking microeconomics and fucking Bevell with her stupid accent. Dean is muttering curses all the way to the literature building, which thankfully is not that far. He gets in and goes to the board with the layout of the building trying to locate the lecture hall he needs to be in. He finds it and climbs up the stairs to the second floor. He walks hastily, not that he is late and even if he was, he can still get in before the ten-minute mark, not that he is ever going to, but he is more comfortable being early, besides he has to think about the project Bevell has them work on. He got the email this morning explaining the topic they were going to work on, along with the other members names and emails.
“I stole food” he tells her, shamefully but determined all the same, and because he doesn't need coddling.
“Ok, what if we tried to find what pissed her off in the first place and work from there.” Sam says and Dean finally turns to look at him.
Castiel blinks startled. “No,” he shakes his head slightly, his shoulder relaxing somewhat. “My ex-mother-in-law has heart problems, so whenever she is well enough to see Claire, Amelia takes her”
“Jesus, do you always walk so fast?” Dean grumbles next to him and Castiel can hear the stiffness in his voice, though is carefully concealed under false irritation. Castiel just shrugs walking down the steps and he can practically hear Dean rolling his eyes.
“I know what you are thinking” Anna says and he looks up at her. “We were surprised too, but I guess it is because it’s downtown and they want to attract more people.” She shrugs at this and continues “Want to get an eight-slice special?”
Castiel looks a little startled, but he quickly comes back from the book he is reading. He places it on the table. “Alright.”
He is just about to start climbing down the steps when his phone rings. He sees the number, scowling in annoyance, not recognising it.
“Amelia” Castiel says in baritone, that tumbles through the room and leaves no room for argument, even though Dean can tell she is about to retort. “This is Dean. Dean this is Amelia”
Good. Dean wouldn’t be able to take it, especially not with those intense blue eyes watching him like that. Whatever Castiel seems to think Dean is, he is wrong.
Castiel tightens his arms around him, and Dean tries to calm down. He takes deep breaths and fists Cas’ shirt in one of his hands. He wants to say many things, all of which seem so small and barely enough, so he tells him.
Dean takes a breath to calm his raising nerves, “You are going to get the scholarships and we will work something out”
"Yours has always been there,” Cas says “not always the same and not in the beginning.  But it has been the same" he struggles for a word, "same
After a minute or so, when all the students are seated, he hears Milton clear her throat and move to the front of the lecture hall, smiling at them.
It’s where he finds her sitting at the edge of the bed, sweatpants and loose t-shirt on. She has her head bowed and only lifts it when he closes the door behind him.
He talks with Sam and that helps him a bit, at least the kid is doing great and he finally asked Jessica out. He tried to ask about Deans’ love life, but what he got was a “mind your own fucking business”, which in hindsight it was more incriminating, but Dean can’t bring himself to care anymore. Truth is he wants to tell Sam, but he doesn't know from where to grab it, it slips through his fingers every time. And it’s not like he can tell him that he wants a detective who is looking for someone who is killing prostitutes, that he met one time while he was on the job. Or maybe he can, but he can’t bear the disappointment and disgust from Sam.
“No like- I don’t know, something.” He waves his hand as if to demonstrate the so called energy and shrugs when Sam grimaces shaking his head negative. The whole house made him disoriented like he had just woken up from a very deep sleep and his limps were numb, each movement like it was coming from someone else.
He doesn't know where he is going, but he feels a sense of calm overtake him. He thinks about heading to the library but gets bored just thinking about it. He has read so much this week he feels his head buzz merely by looking at books. So, he keeps walking.
Dean starts to say something but Sam goes on “Being on scholarship doesn’t mean I’m not going to say my opinion or, or that I am not equal to them or that I should be ashamed”
Dean turns his head to look at her, as she takes her seat behind her desk and lies “Yes”. He gives her a small smile and leaves, still holding the paper in his hands.
Becky lets out a laugh, that is edging on a giggle, “I took a few theology classes in college”, then seemingly to remember where she was and why they were there, she composes herself, “Sam is in there” she indicates the door on the opposite wall, “He is physically, mostly well-”
“I wanted-” Castiel starts. “I don’t do this” he repeats himself, “Especially not with a student. Never with a student”
They are silent after that, Dean resumes browsing the shelves and Cas opens one of the books and sits in the chair behind the desk. Dean finds Fahrenheit 451, and even though he has read it two times now, he reasons a third isn’t going to hurt. He picks it up and turns seeing Cas engrossed in the book he is holding. He is just barely mouthing the words, like he always does, he looks peaceful and content. He, despite his absolute denial in the matter, lo-
He looks up at them for a moment, and Deans’ breath hitches; he is handsome. The kind of handsome that is rough at some places and soft at others. The more he looks, the more he feels like there is something electrifying about him, it makes Deans’ skin erupt in goosebumps and he shifts in his seat self-consciously. There is murmur around him, but Dean doesn't pay attention to anyone, he feels as if in a trance. An awkward trance.
He stares at her. “You won’t have a problem. Just say it slow and clear. Here,” she takes the papers from him, grabbing a pen from her bag, “I’ll even write the translation.”
He pulls the phone away from his ear so he doesn't have to hear the rest of that sentence. There is acid making its’ way from his stomach to his mouth and he fully leans against the doorframe.
“I know” Cas says, surprisingly calm for the way he looks and turns towards the man “You are not in trouble”
Dean looks up from the book he is reading clicking his tongue, eyeing Sam warily. He fights his body’s reaction to curl in and away from Sam, forces himself not to move.
He hadn’t really appreciated the laptop in the beginning, he preferred the old one, even if it took ages to open and it was really slow and it needed to stay plugged in as the battery didn't work. Dean was familiar with it. Now though, that he is sitting on the auditorium and everyone around him has their laptops in front of them, their slick, modern, light looking laptops, similar to the one he has, he is really glad he has this thing. Because otherwise he would stick out and if not visually, then certainly for the sound of the fan working on the old laptop. He never really thought how loud the old one was until he opened the other one and it was just quiet.
“Good night” He says to Hannah. “Don't stay past midnight” He indicates at the clock on the wall that shows almost five minutes to midnight.
He removes his fingers and reaches for a tissue in the nightstand to wipe them and Dean kinda wants to hit (just his arm, lightly) him, kinda wants to kiss him stupid.
Dean just nods and bites his lower lip. All he can think about is how he should probably leave. He knows he should have himself checked, but it would save everyone the trouble from having to kick him out, if he just left.
He was attractive, his features had a delicate twist in them, while having a sharpness in them, maybe from time. Castiel guesses he is being poetic because of his sleepless state. Suddenly one of the eyes closes and Castiel realizes that the man winked at him and that he had been staring at him for some time. He mentally shakes himself and turns to Jody who is looking at him expectantly, with raised eyebrows.
He still breaths heavily when he reaches Baby. He needs to get a grip. He tightens his hands on the wheel, ignores the tightens in his lower stomach, and the one that is bordering to uncomfortable in his jeans, and drives home, coming to the conclusion that blue is a horrible cool colour.
“There is a stack of those here” A voice says on his right startling him. He turns his head and sees Alfie standing behind the counter, looking a little awkward and maybe a little terrified. “If you want one” He adds hurriedly.
“So about that school project” he says and she takes it for what it is, a change of subject and a peace offering.
When he reaches it, he stops at the threshold and surveys it. He doesn't know why, maybe it’s because he feels so strange going over some strangers’ kitchen in search of coffee, but he feels as if he is a child caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
He is standing at the porch of his house drinking beer. There is a gentle breeze in the air. It's quite, save from the birds. He takes measured deep breaths, staring at the still water of the lake in front of him. It's calm. And lonely.
, it swallows him whole and he swims in it and nothing satisfies it but the thing he doesn’t reach for.
“Whe-” he starts, but stop yelping slightly, his body moving forward a bit in response, cause Cas has his left nipple in his mouth and playing with the other one using his hand. He is shaking slightly and he can’t take it, he needs- his breaths are coming short now and his is panting.
“It won’t happen again” he says flatly, leaning against the sink, he watches as she lets out a sigh and relaxes her shoulders.
“No.” he says hastily and briskly, then “Cas”, trying to sound unbothered, calm and probably failing. He cringes inwardly and hurries to add “Hey, it’s fine. Really.” It’s not, he is panicking so much. “I always wondered where you lived” at least that last part is true.
“I didn't think you would like this sort of setting” he says simply, raising his head to look at him. Deans’ eyes widen slightly. “No, I didn't mean- I” he closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. “I
“What?” he says in a daze, turning to look at him. Cas is looking at him curiously but doesn't ask, but Dean can see the question behind his eyes and it makes him want to flee.
“Sure” he responds sarcastically “What can I help you with?” he plasters a fake smile on his face, he doubts the guy is here for the same reason everyone else seats opposite of Dean.
The other man huffs a laugh at that, and looks at him fondly and Dean doesn't know what to do with that, thankfully Cas starts talking, saving him from saying something ridiculous.
So Dean makes an effort, eats a little more, drinks less - even if he has mostly quit that on his own -  somehow sees Cas’ face and hears his words,
They reach it in under five minutes, and Dean takes a sip of coffee, trying to warm himself. They walk further into the park, passing other people with their dogs, some of which seem interested at Oli and one particular Chihuahua, who seems to think of Oli as a threat and barks at him. Dean finds it amusing -even if a bit annoying-, as he did the other three mornings because Oli just walks past, only turning his head towards it and the owner, before continuing. Both of them are a bit sulky, more than the first day – though Oli was the only one sulking the first day, Dean was fine -  until Dean thinks enough is enough and gets Olivers’ attention with the ball and throws it across the open space, towards a direction where there aren’t people, not that there are a lot of people in the park at seven o’clock in mid-December.
They get undressed in a haze of fervent and light touches and lips. Dean finds himself underneath Castiel on the bed circling his hands, down his chest over his nipples, they are not as sensitive as Dean’s, still they do elicit a few shudders.
In the beginning it was just an office of a man, that Castiel wasn't sure he liked and in the first three weeks he didn't go along with that much. But slowly it became a place where he could open up, a familiar place that he enjoyed coming back to. Even if at times it was really difficult to come to or stay or talk.
Then there is Sam, who keeps giving Dean these pointed looks and keeps finding excuses to leave them alone in a room. Worst of all Jack has caught on and has started doing the same thing. Eileen too, she at least just gives these knowing smiles and nothing else. Dean is pretty sure they all have been discussing about him and Cas behind their backs. Probably giggle about it like schoolgirls.
. He takes one, dries off quickly and goes to get dressed. He picks his underwear up and after a few seconds of holding them, decides to use the one Cas left for him. He opens the door and takes two steps out of the bathroom, before sudden panic sets on him and he curses himself for not taking the towel with him, not that it matters, no one is there with him and the only other person in the house has seen him naked. He breaths trying to calm himself, he is being stupid anyway, he has never been particularly shy with himself being naked, and retrieves the other pair of underwear before going to the bathroom. He closes the door behind him but doesn't move his hand from the doorknob, he glances around and opens the bathroom door wide and leaves it like that, letting a breath out.
The ding and the music are still there, as well as the two guys behind the counter. He waits, for the man and woman in front of him to order and looks around, there aren’t that many people here. Just a few university students with their laptops and stressed expressions on their faces, and some other people either on their phones or talking.
Castiel hates this more than anything. There was no progress with the first victim, which makes him feel small and inadequate and frustrates him even more. He shakes his head slightly and begins to drive towards the station. After a few minutes he opens the radio. He tries to listen, to distract himself a little, but he can’t make out the words and it is just noise, which agitates him more. So, he turns it off.
“A little naïve?” Dean asks after hearing his own words, going for a failed laugh. Castiel gives him a small tentative smile, titling his head.
“Cas, it’s fine” The nick name kind of slips, he doesn't mean too and he is not sure he regrets it. Castiel doesn't seem to mind and he looks relaxed and pleased.
“Well” Novak starts eventually “I just wanted to asks if you know this man” he reaches into his pocket and pulls out a photograph, placing it in front of Dean.
“I am angry at you” he shouts now, and for a moment he feels good, but then he looks at Cas and sees an understanding, which throws him off a bit, and there is something else there, he isn’t sure what, but it makes him feel vulnerable and open and the anger flares up. “Shut up. Just shut up”
Dean looks at him in disbelief, like he can’t figure out what Castiel is thinking and then slowly smiles at him after a moment and takes another bite off of his cookie.
“So, how are we going to get her to come to us?” Sam asks taking a bite from his omelet and Dean looks away.
Except he can’t, because there is Dean, tall and sleepy and soft and beautiful and Castiel can feel his throat closing up. When his eyes fall on Castiel, he looks a little surprised, as if he wasn't expecting him to be here, and grins at him, not looking anymore wake than before, but Castiel certainly is. He heart is drumming in his chest for an entirely different reason than before and he swallows with difficult, trying to collect himself.
When Carmen is satisfied, and that takes a while, she moves from on top of him and he feels her get settled somewhere between their feet. Cas is already snoring softly beside him and Dean closes his eyes and before long he is asleep too.
Once he feels in control of himself again, he puts his shoes on and heads to the door, but stops and goes back to the bedroom and takes the leather jacket from the hook behind the door and puts it on. Immediately he wants to take it off, but thinks that being uncomfortable is better than being cold, so he sucks it up and leaves the apartment, humming Metallica and willing his mind not to think of anything.
Anyways, hope you liked it. I know you were worried about Dean, but nothing will happen to him (for now). Hopefully, I will put the next chapter by the end of this week :)
Castiel doesn’t look at him once, doesn’t address him in class, doesn’t even glance at him and it drives Dean up to a wall. He thinks he is going to go mad; he barely can stop himself from fidgeting all through the lecture. He hates this, he hates him and he hates everything. He hates feeling like he needs to punch something or scream until his lungs bleed and his voice is gone. He hates that he hoped, that he cannot blame him for anything not really.
Jack doesn’t come with them. He opts staying in the Bunker continuing to catalogue and sort through the archives. Plus someone needs to take care of Miracle, and Dean would be damned to take her to a doggie day care.
It takes them fifteen minutes to decide on what pizza to get and another forty for the it to arrive and by the time, Dean is back to being completely relaxed and enjoying himself without restrains. He has taken a second pill, cause he can feel his nose twist and he feels like all the other times he is around Cas, lightheaded, heart beating fast and ridiculously happy and warm. And maybe, just maybe he doesn't want to leave.
He reaches with his hand to touch his neck, but stops. A shiver runs up his spine thinking about last night. He shakes his head, trying to clear his thoughts and wears the sweatpants.
All he hears in reply is a – too dramatic – sigh, which he ignores and puts the bags away. He heads to the bathroom, taking his clothes off and hops into the shower. He feels his muscles relax and he sighs, leaning on the wall. His mind drifting and he starts thinking of Castiel, professor Novak, he corrects, and the muscles at the nape of his neck lock up and hurt. He turns the water off abruptly, puts the flatter in his stomach down to the fact that he is hungry and steps out, drying himself off quickly.
“It’s about me forgiving myself.” Dean says with a small smile that is just in his eyes and Jack nods.
It spills out in an ugly speech, with barely contained fury, and half-finished sentences, but it’s good to share it with someone. Means Dean has a place that he can go insane with it all. And he goes insane from the want, his mind running with thoughts and images until it becomes a jammed mess; he just wants to touch, just once or always. Still, if that was entirely what he desired, all they’ve done, would have somewhat satisfied him, instead of intensifying everything. And his is so confused in his want, so alone. But he knows where Castiel comes from, how different they are, there is an unbridgeable distance between them. Plus, the guy has a kid, and it’s so complicated, yet all these don’t stop Dean from wanting him. Enough to admit it to someone else. Enough for him to keep revisiting that part in his brain, the stupid one, that hoped he could have something more than meaningless sex. Guess he was wrong about that too.
Castiel feels the need to get up and start pacing around the room, at least he doesn't want to flee. It’s not like there is a point in fleeing, he will always find himself in front of himself. He takes a deep breath and exhales slowly. He wills himself to calm.
Thankfully the door opens yet again and Dean never felt as relived to see the doctor walk in. He glances at her and then turns his gaze towards the window.
“Some had thrown us out, but it was before I was- before I knew how to save money or anything else” he says softly, drained.
It all comes to a head on a Friday three weeks after Cas came back. He has been moving carefully around Dean, never too close or too far, just somewhere in the middle where it makes Dean’s skin prickle and insane with need to touch him in any way, in all ways, yet always holding himself back.
“I will” Cas says, and Dean turns to look at him and feels a warmth spreading in his body and he needs to get a grip.
“I didn't have time for me, for things I wanted to do, hell I didn't even know what they were. I was too busy with Sam, stressing over money, dad and his obsessions and school. I couldn't ask for things I wanted to do, or when I did I was
They both nod in agreement and he goes inside his office. He removes his trench coat and slumps onto the chair. He runs his hand overs his hair and thinks about everything and nothing. He jumps slightly when he hears his phone ring. He fishes it out of his pocket and sees Gabriel’s name flash in the screen, he pulls a face and answers it.
“I’ll be there in about, uh, twenty minutes” he tells her and hangs up before she is done replying to him. He closes his eyes trying to compose himself. It’s probably nothing serious. It’s
“I am fine” He says a little too fast. His eyes dart around the room. It hasn't changed much in the two years he has been coming here. The decoration is the same, the bookcase is the same, the furniture, the way Crowley sits in his chair. Yet, it feels different.
His walk towards the office becomes slower and slower the more he nears it, until he turns right and finds a desk on the right side of a dark brown door, that has a gold plate writing C. J. Novak and underneath BA Literature Program Lead.
Later, when they are laying on the bed, Dean buried on Cas’s side, he eyes the lamp on the bedside table with a small smug smile. He needs to replace the light bulb tomorrow.
Dean stares at him for a moment transfixed, then jolts back. Turns around and shuts himself in his room. He doesn’t come out for two days.
He knows the number of the room, so he just walks in and nods at the guy behind the counter, who just grunts something in reply, waving his hand and Dean resists pulling a face at the smoke surrounding the man’s space. They alternate between cheap and expensive hotels, but Dean doesn’t question it, he learnt not to question things a lot time ago.
“Well, yeah. Hope you have a good time” Benny tells them and walks to the register as he sees a woman approaching.
“I will give you the black with bitter almond, Gabriel brought it from Paris a month ago and it has become my favourite” he says decisively and opens a cabinet getting a container out.
It’s silent for a few seconds, Dean just listens to Cas’ breathing and it grounds him. “I don't even know what made me do it. Nothing out of the ordinary happened, just a regular scene with him and at the end I don't know, I just wanted to scratch myself clean, just get out of my skin, so I called when I went back to my apartment” he tightens his hold on Cas “Maybe it was all the lack of aftercare”
Castiel for his part, just frowns like he is trying to recall who Becky is, and when he does his face clears, and then when he registers Dean’s words he looks at him amused with a glint in his eyes, that Dean doesn’t huff at, at least not loudly. Then he explains lightly, but Dean can catch just a hint of complacency in his voice.
“I was taking a shower upstairs.” She licks her lips, swollen from the biting and trembling. “We were going to watch a movie. We were both so busy lately at the hospital, we-” she stops again trying to collect herself.
He closes his eyes momentarily and opens them again at his phone beeping. Right, pizzas are ready, he must have dozed off.
“Detective Castiel Novak” Now Dean does roll his eyes, and hears him clear his throat and glances at him. He is scowling down at him and there is annoyance in his eyes and worry, and Dean hunches a bit, he hates that he put it there.
“I can ask her. But I can’t guarantee she will say yes.” he says, already knowing that Gilda will say yes, but better not risk it. He gets his phone out and shoots her a text. “Done” he says and smiles.
Castiel exhales roughly from his nose. “A lot of trouble to kill a prostitute. I mean, if it was just because he had seen or heard something, a bullet would have done it.”
“Alright” Novak says and he sounds breathless, and Dean dares to entertain the idea he is as overtaken by want as him, “we- just let me”
Castiel told Crowley about Dean last week and he hasn't been able to get Crowleys’ expression off of his mind ever since. He keeps playing it in his head like he is trying to figure out something, but he doesn't know what. And its not like his expression conveyed something bad, it was pleased, thoughtful, a bit amused and like he knew something that Castiel didn't know and that annoyed him to no end. When he asked him what he thought about the whole situation, what he got in response was vague and that he was glad that Castiel had met someone knew and was making friends.
He makes a trip to the store to get the minced beef and then starts cooking. He checks his phone again for the millionth time but nothing. He gets a little worried so after eating he calls, but all he gets is a recorded voice, Cas has probably his phone turned off. He sighs annoyed this time.
He takes a breath seemingly to calm himself and continues “So imagine his surprise when I too was” he pauses seems to taste the word in his mouth before saying “
“I thought you’d be downstairs with your boy. Hi, Hannah” She grins at the brunet and Hannah returns it, albeit a little reserved.
“Well, I had a friend at university” he starts and moves even closer to Dean, putting the book back in the shelf. “Meg, she- she was the first person I met there and she was the one to encourage me to go on with my decision to study history of art. See, I was supposed to study law, that's what my mother wanted, follow her foot steps and that's what Gabe had studied.” He continues leaning his back against the shelves and Dean watches him, willing himself not to ask anything. There is something in the otherwise neutral tone that Cas uses when talking about his mother, bitterness and melancholy maybe and something unfinished, that Dean recognises, knows.
He walks until his legs ache and then some more, until he reaches the park near the clinic and he sits on a bench. He eats a hot dog from the stand a few feet away, at some point and he leaves when it’s has gone dark out and he needs to work.
He reaches out and touches the fabric of his sleeve. He wants to smile at the blue eyes staring down at him with such admiration, but he finds he can't do nothing but stare. Transfixed.
Novak passes him his laptop and pushes his chair back, getting up. He moves around the desk and stops in front of the big bookcase, muttering something under his breath. Dean watches him search for whatever it is he is looking from, while putting his laptop away. He is firmer than he expected, under the layers of the trench coat and the suit jacket; Dean knows he is staring but he can’t help himself, there is something enticing about the way his muscles in his back flex as he moves across the room under the white shirt. And yes, Dean is that pathetic.
He reaches the garage in ten minutes and goes to change into his overalls, greeting Ash on his way. He changes as quickly as possible, takes an ibuprofen for his headache and gets ready for the day.
It's the end of September and even though it’s not that chilly outside Castiel feels the need to wrap the trench coat around him, but he resists the urge and walks towards his car. He doesn't know if Dean drove here, but he hopes he didn't, not in this state. He unlocks the car and sees Dean walk around to the passenger side and slip in. Ok, so he didn't drive, he feels somewhat relieved about that and he closes his eyes tightly for a moment, as if to collect his thoughts and emotions.
“I’m absolutely sure” she interrupts tersely and opens a drawer on her left, taking a paper out. “You can fill the form now, please, as these classes start from Monday and I have to enrol you somewhere”
