Voices reached his ears and getting louder, sitting up tony knew what time it was, it was always the same day and time that's how he knew he hasn't been here long, a month maybe less but today it felt different something felt wrong he felt it in his gut something bad was going to happen to him he knew he had to get out.
“I'm well aware and that's not why I'm here, I heard a rumor that you went missing for 3 months again care to elaborate,” fury asks staring at Tony with intent to get answers, which he wasn't willing to give, he didn't owe fury anything yes sometimes fury did show that he cared for example when they had been hiding from Ultron at barton's farmhouse he was at a dark place believing he was the one who ended the Avengers and yes he sometimes still believed it but he now knows it wasn't his fault that the Avengers split this time, This time it was Rogers doing.
He was having a relatively good day today he was working on a new project but he couldn't stop thinking about the damn dream to concentrate on it, he didn't even know where it came from he never thought of Steve like that okay he would be lying if he said he hadn't thought of Steve like that maybe once or twice but it's kind of hard not to notice the walking talking living breathing sex on legs that live under the same roof then he does and besides tony is a ladies man he liked woman the curvier the better.
“They were blue” Rhodey bluntly stated he didn't know how he would be able to explain it Tony's brown eyes had turned blue.
Seeming to take into consideration the president went to answer when a ring pierced the air glancing down Rhodey saw Tony’s name shown on the screen” I’m sorry Mr. President I need to take this” Rhodey stood after getting a nod from the president.
Watching them leave Erik stood beside charles “well that was a short visit” erik stated looking down at charles who was still looking at where stark had left.
The city of Honolulu was a mess the monster wasn't overly big but as it moves its tentacles smashed against building luckily with not enough force to send the building down only to damage it but the falling debris made it dangerous for whoever stood below.
Shaking his head tony slide slowly towards a room to the left betting with everything he had that, that was the nursery.
Fingers snapping in front of his face pulled him out of his thoughts“ sorry uhm Josh debroski i didn't find a lot about him, birth certificate, marrage licence. Josh debroski married Ana hòligone at age 18. At 20 they went to college for 4 years getting their bachelor degrees, while studying they were also trying to get pregnant but were unsuccessful, she fell into depression and committed suicide a year before she was supposed to get her Degree After the tragedy of losing his wife, he finished his degree and disappeared almost as if he fell off the face of the earth , but then I checked out the files of shield Romanoff leaked on the internet and bang his name is on here and you wouldn't believe what I found, it seems hydra took a liking to debroski when he started experimenting on people that landed him in jail he would have spent the rest of his life there but hydra made a deal that only gave him 12 years. they agreed to fund his research if he works with them piling up the body count to almost 200 Deaths more then before.” Tony spoke turning towards Rhodey as he continues “so after his wife died he went completely crazy and his first project was womb transplant for males so after the fact of his wife death he tried to find a way to either replace his wife or have her reborn but most of the pregnancy's miscarried or the patients died in the first trimester.”
So he made her J.J  an AI that could go anywhere she could, so if she was in any danger he would be there to protect her,(and the truth) he knew not telling Rogers about the baby was not fair and or wrong but he just couldn't do it for the life of him he just couldn't tell him, Tony couldn't count on both his hands how many times he had the phone open in his hands ready to press the call button only to freeze and close it which is why he also had a recorder system placed to the body of J.J so he could catch the precious moments Steve would miss.
“Why are you doing this” Stark asked as he searched her face for any indication she was lying she couldn't blame him after what they had put him through she understood the doubt he had so she went with the answer that was closer to her heart.
“Well can't really say bad news”, tony gave a humorless laugh, “but the other biological father is Rogers”.
{Tony} how would you feel if we push shield back into the light and also into the Government good graces, get it back in business.
“Her destiny was chosen for her before she was even born professor, why do you think of all the experiment that had been done that she was the only one to remain alive but alas she is the only one who can discover it” sighing Enigma closed her eyes and the hum in his body returned “I believe it’s time for you to go, it’s been a pleasure professor,” Enigma said as she waved.
Anger was too little of a word to explain what tony was feeling right now ever since Hawaii Ross had been down his throat about LETTING rogers getaway, not the Roque Avengers getting away only the one and only Captain America, Steve Rogers which in case was kind of true tony did let them go but he  wasn't going to admit that to Ross no less, watching the vain pulse in Rosse's forehead was quite satisfying, Ross was getting more and more power-hungry by the day the fact that Ross threatened Tony with treason nearly made him laugh “Treason, ill like too see what you'll tell the population of 117 country's that catching Captain America is more important than their safety and you are quite willing to throw the person who sees to that safety in Prison” Tony had told Ross watching him go all kinds of red made his day a little infuriating.
Jumping at his voice tony turned his way sharply his eyes wide with disbelief “Stave what are you doing here how did you get in” tony said frantically he wasn't scared of steve it looked like he was scared steve would get caught.
“ The surgery had gone off without major complication, however, the umbilical cord was wrapped around the baby's neck there hadn't been any damage that we could see and the baby is in good health” the doctor explained.
“Give them leeway allow them to do what they were meant to do save lives protect their country but also put restrictions and if they crossed the line set  repercussions but also be understanding that there will be mistakes by accident then set punishments and if intentional set heavy consequence, it doesn't have to be Crime to be made special or be born that way” stark said ending with a sigh as if it was a load off his chest.
“implantation of a womb in the lower part of my stomach” Tony said numbly he didn't want to explain it but he could understand the curiosity he just hated the feeling of being observed, “I don't know exactly how they did it so I'm sorry I can't explain more”.
Watching as Tony went back to work made him wonder if Tony was even listening to him but the tenseness of his shoulders told him he was, when Rhodey had found out what happened in Siberia he was borderline downright pissed all he wanted to do is find Rogers and beat his head in, but it wouldn't help anyone if he did and tony would have blamed himself again and that's the last thing he wanted.
“Why are you here fury, if you haven't noticed the Avengers aren't exactly here and hasn't been here for a long while,” Tony said as he handed fury bottled water before opening and taking a drink from his hoping to delay the conversation that was about to happen.
Rhodey Sat back down on the bed staring at tony “I'm sorry Tony, we're just worried about you don't sleep you don't eat and that you do eat you puke it out again, you can barely keep in the water”. Rhodey added
“ Good afternoon Mr. Stark, Mr. Rhodes i hope you had a safe travel?” Charles asked as tony climes out the car.
Steve frowned it couldn't be that late it was still early morning when Tony had left, how long had he slept“ill be right there just need a few seconds to wake up”.
“Tony masons powers are unexplainable so far mason had shown multiple abilities teleportation, compulsion, clairvoyance and now energy manipulation the last one isn’t much of a surprise but to this extent, no” Charles shook his head “but I may have an idea what we could do for now”.
“Maybe there is another way, ”Rhodey said and hope faded a little inside tony he really had hoped Rhodey would understand why they needed J.J.
“Gumdrop” Tony called as he walked out the lift and towards where Rhodey was sitting he could see he was out of breath sitting down “you up for a little road trip snookums”.
At al means, he was extremely proud of the little girl he sometimes just wished she couldn't walk yet then tony wouldn't be running after her every time she had to bath
Sitting down next to tony “last night I wanted to check on you but you were already asleep so I stayed the night, so I have been thinking while you are still you know flat bellied we should show you in public deal with the meeting for SI and deal with Ross before he just show up in the blue then get you out to events balls and charity events let people and paparazzi see you so if you do show and go into hiding people won't question it or wonder where you are, leaving you in peace standing while grabbing a glass to pour her orange juice, so what do you think”
“hay Vision could you take mason for a bit, tony needs me to go get the kid and tony doesn't want Mason out in the public,” Rhodey asked snapping vision out of his thoughts.
He could not take the smell of bacon and eggs anymore as tony bolted up from the bed making a dash for the bathroom he barely made it to the toilet before puking the last of his half-eaten dinner out Tony sat back against the cold tile his stomach turned again and he swallowed the groan,
“ professor Xavier yes thank you and please its tony Mr, stark is my father, and thank you again for agreeing to meet with us there is something important we need to discuss,” Tony said as they shook hands“ in private ” he added looking at the other mutants that had come with Xavier.
“The Diverse Council” tony said bluntly tony really didn’t want to beat around the bush as he pushed the folders in front of T’challa.
Grabbing the phone tony leaned back dialing the number he knew fury didn't want him to have but he got it anyway just to piss off fury it was too much fun he waited until a very tired voice came one the phone.
Laughing Tony took masons hands in his own “, yes, and since you have been such a good girl Rex can come too” tony said gasping as mason knocked him over with her joy.
So coming home after a long long day of boring meeting and paperwork would have been beyond satisfaction If there hadn't been a leather coat and eye-patched intruder sitting on his couch, he should have known the sudden cut off in his head wasn't due to his lack of focus but from the connection being lost.
So now here he sits in his kitchen with the fifth cup of tea( Yes tea because a certain platypus needed to get his ass kicked for throwing away the Coffee and getting rid of the coffee machine)staring into the distance when a well prim and refreshed pepper came into the kitchen no matter what time it was or where she was pepper was always organized and well-dressed walking to where the coffee machine used to be looking for her caffeine fix
Steve felt helpless, it was a common occurrence these days being pulled away from tony and leaving him behind again it didnt feel right it felt like he left a piece of him behind, they needed to talk he needed to make thing right and he didnt feel like the letter had done much by the way tony looked at him.
Tony didn't want to be here, he was feeling uncomfortable, a feeling of unease that slid down his back, knowing there was a house full of mutants almost just like him now and two of those mutants was telepaths.
“Yes and not just them you, pepper, Peter and happy i have to protect the people I care about” Tony argued
Nodding her head mason called Rex who came bounding towards her tongue lolled out at one corner of its mouth all yippy and happy mason placed her hand on Rex Head petting him lightly before she closed her eyes and a soft glow formed inside her hand lighting up her hand she moved her hand away turning it towards Charles showing him the white glowing energy ball with sparks bouncing around it, Charles gaped turning he looked at where Rex had stood and sawed the robotic dog was only metal and wires placed together to make the shape of a dog and it was a striking resemblance to a dog if Charles hadn’t been in shock he would have been impressed but then again she was Tony’s daughter,
He also needed to look after the baby he couldn't just defend himself when he was attacked he needed help and as much as he hated to take Rhodey away from his therapy but he needed to get Rhodey out from time to time.
Steve felt the air get slammed out of his lungs he launched upright and out of his seat with the feeling of lightheadedness making him sway.
She was remarkable a child born with such power a perfect host unstoppable power, with a kind heart she was the one.
Rhodey was speechless he had known it was coming tony had been acting snappish and defensive all morning he didn't want to upset Tony but he needed for tony to let it out before they had to go to Wakanda {Much to his dismay and disapproval} so he pushed and prodded and questioned Tony choice but he hasn't expected this“Tony” Rhodey called out.
Watching the Tv shock reverted around the room, they couldn't believe what they just watched it had been a quiet afternoon in Wakanda when the Dora had said the king wanted them in the guest lounge what they didnt expect was what the king had shown them everyone was present except steve, clint, and Scott although Natasha had Clint on the phone she had called him when the statement had started.
“You're quite the fighter Gamora, come let me help you,” the purple Giant said holding out his hand for her to take hold.
“Where is she Rhodey,” Tony asked he wanted to see his baby girl he needed to see her after waiting so long and almost losing her he needed to make sure she was safe with his own eyes.
“Tony maybe you should try whole pieces of fruit maybe she would like it,” Pepper said taking the cloth out of Tony's hands “Why dont you take mason to the park you know she enjoys it there”.
“And you know if i didn't want to Kiss you so bad i would have punched you in your perfect teeth” Tony hissed again.
“I don't know pep, nobody came out yet with any news, I'm starting to get worried,” Rhodey said as he sat down placing his head in his hands.
Shaking his head tony worried there was something wrong with his baby girl, it was too early for labor so it couldn't be that he still had 2 months too go “I don't know”.
*Yes sweetheart its daddy can you tell me where you are can you see anything are you hurt* tony asked almost begging the feeling of hearing his daughter’s voice again almost made him cry.
“fine be that way,” was all tony heard as a needle was stuck into his neck and everything went dark.
Rhodey knew he should have handled it better but tony in the presence of the Roque avengers made him feel unsettled and angry and he took it out in tony which he regrets now.
“My, my aren't you a grump today Mr. Stark,” Pepper said as she stood beside tony holding onto a martini glass, dressed in a beautiful slender black and red dress that reached her ankles along with 4-inch black jimmy choo heels she looked stunning as always.
“I can't say I'm surprised at that, but changing the Accords and pardons if i may ask what had brought this on” T'challa asks he was quite curious of what the reason might be there had been a plan set in place to gain the Avengers their pardons but it would take years for not only him or the Avengers to gain so many favors and there were only so much he could do without giving away of his country and that was one thing he would never do and to hear stark wanted the Avengers pardoned was a relief but he knew they had parted with good add so why did stark want them pardoned.
“Mr. Rogers had some business he had to take care of,” T'challa said a knowing look on his face told Natasha that he knew where Steve was and he wasn't going to share.
“Uh i dont know if that a good idea James” vision said hesitantly backed away slowly he wasn't afraid of the child but he was afraid he would drop her he had no idea how to handle a child.
Hearing a sigh of relief on the phone Charles had wondered how long had tony searched for Mason this time, she was quite the trouble maker she would probably be the reason, Tony Starks would go gray.
“ Yes, Mr stark I know that is what I also wanted to discuss with you, the scans we took of your lower torso where the incision was made it seems that instead of something being removed, they have placed a womb inside” He reported.
Shaking his head steve gripped tony face in both his hands “ still i should have bee...” steve was cut off with tony's lips as he surged forward for a kiss.
“A diverse council, a council that judges the bad and pardoned the good without being hated on because of who or what they are and I know you have seen the councils views on the enchanted individuals and mutants and tell me is that fair” Rhodey said as he explained he had risen and paced around the room.
“please don't talk about puking right now my stomach is already turning"Tony groaned” I know everybody is worried but I'll be fine I always am". As Tony lay back down again he added "if it gets worse I will go check it out okay" closing his eyes hoping he would get some more sleep he heard a soft thank you from rhodey before he drifted back to unrestful sleep.
Human, on thing he prided and hated about himself, is that he was human he had no superpower, no enchanted senses, super speed or super strength but that was okay because he was iron man tony fucking stark he didn't need all that to be great he was born great well at least he thought so, had thought so not so much anymore.
Oh-oh-oh almost forgot if your wondering no I dont have a chapter for tony's not so imaginary friend yet I'm still busy but I also have other projects in the work little sneak peek the series is called Avengers love stories with all the Avengers stories how the fell in love with the created character they may even intwine we will see
Tony, Rhodey and pepper had been busy with the development of the diverse council and Tony had decided to be the one to go to wakanda and talk to the prince again and since Rhodey was in DC being blocked by the president he couldn’t and pepper needed to stay and look after Mason and pepper didn’t really know much of wakanda anyways so it wasn’t a hard choice to make tony hated to leave mason but he knew it was for her protection in the future.
“you wanted to discuss something Mr. Stark,” Charles asked he couldn't help but noticed stark's irritation and distraction he wished he could have read what was bothering stark but the mental shield was still there to stop him.
Mere minutes passed before the building stopped shaking and the door to mason's room opened rushing in tony spotted mason in the corner of her room her eyes red and wet with tears “Oh thank god” tony rushed towards his little girl taking her into his arms rocking her back and forth trying to comfort her “Shhh everything is going to be okay”.
Having a comeback tony was interrupted by Friday telling him his bloodwork results were done. “Put it up for me sweetheart,” Tony asked turning to where the results were beginning to show. It was quiet as both of them read what was in the report.
“No, Not yet i still have a few things i have to settle before i announce my retirement but that's not what i wanted to discuss as i said i want to put a few changes in the accords due to bad parties being involved in the accord signing as well as you should know there will be some exposure going to happen in the days to come and i want you to be aware of it so it wouldn't catch you unaware seeing as your father, my condolences for your loss, was a big contributor to the accords and also the one who helped push it forward due to what had happened in Lagos, hoping i have your support in the changes i wanted to make for a good purpose i sure you” Stark says going completely down to business showing T'challa the ruthless businessman that had ran stark industries with an iron fist before potts had taken it over at starks say, it was impressive.
Steve decided to be blunt he needed to know “is she mine,” steve asks watching tony go pale and clench is fist he already knew they “How”
Now that he was retired he spends more time with his daughter and working on his company making a certain miss potts happy, it wasn't the life he had envisioned for himself being a single father and all but since Mason came along tony had changed he bet if his younger self could see him now he wouldn't recognize himself.
“ you know me,restless can't keep still and beside i needed to check out this Josh Debroski, something has been bugging me about this him.” Tony answered turning towards the screen, trying to ignore the concern he saw on rhodey.
*No daddy I can’t I’m scared I want to come home* mason’s voice wobbled with tears and a new spike of fear went through him breaking hi to heart.
“Tony Stark hasn't been seen in public other than a few charity events here and there, he has been out of the limelight for quite a while now” T'challa pointed out, this time Clint was shocked, he had come to know stark as an avid partier always like to brag about his fame, for a while after Clint got to know him he may have thought he was wrong then Ultron happened, then his mindset went back to square one.
Busting into the room Mason came to an abrupt stop the room was empty except for stark laying on the makeshift bed he was halfway undressed and the look of shock and fear told her something had happened and she had just missed it but where were the guards, before she could question it further she hears multiple footsteps coming this way she needed to act now, she rushed forward reaching she straightened tony's clothes before the men came she could hear them getting closer and the completely confused look on starks face made her feel sad “look i know you dont understand and i dont really need you to but what i do need you to know I'm going to do my best to get you out of here i promise i can't get you out now they are almost here ill try to get in contact with you people and sent them your coordinated but i can't do that just yet” Mason whispered as she finished fasting up his pants.
“What is this about Ross,” tony asked sticking near the door just in case he needed to make a quick exit he didnt trust Ross, he would never trust Ross he was hiding something tony just knows it.
“Great, happy step on it we need to get home fast ” he added as he pulled out his phone and dialed pepper“ pep I need you to get the chopper ready I want to leave as soon as I get there” hanging up before she could form a replay.
Truth be told he didn't want to find out, sometimes not knowing is better than the known but he needed to know what they really did to him, it has been bothering him for awhile.
it will also take some load off his shoulders and more time to work on his project “yeah it sounds great just tell me when and where” drinking the last of the half cold tea tony stood and putting the cup in the sink “I'm going down to the lab I have project I'm working on, make the plans and put it up ill be there”kissing pepper on the cheek as he left without waiting for her to respond.
: I'm done with him we will need to keep an eye on him from now on: a voice to his right said, he hadn't heard that voice before but he already knew where he was, a place he would never forget.
Taking note as fury stood how his shoulders held stiff and the bags under his eyes stood out told tony fury hadn't had a decent amount of sleep in days and it made him curious about what is keeping fury awake at night were they hunting hydra did they know that they weren't gone and most importantly could they find out what had happened with him and if they did is that the reason he is here “you think i don't know that stark and do you think i care” fury said pulling tony out of his thoughts tony shouldn't have been surprised at the answer its fury after all.
“your school called today,” Tony said after he got himself back under control, when mason school had called him he was worried something had happened to mason but after a brief explanation they had said they wanted to see him and mason before the school had started again on Monday she hummed not paying much attention to her father as she worked tony could well enough see the shape of the dog coming along “they want to see us tomorrow”.
“remember when you asked me if i was going to do a paturnity test and i told you it didn't matter”tony asked Rhodey
“You know Steve your an asshole, what kind of person keeps the death of their parents from their friend and lying about knowing who did it” Tony hissed as he stepped into Steve's space.
“Tony, stop I already know what you’re thinking it’s not your fault if it’s anyone’s fault its mine” pepper said shaking his head tony turned towards pepper her eyes were red, cheeks wet with tears and her face were flushed she was a wreck and not even a single bone in his body that he could even muster felt that he was happy about her being miserable, he just couldn’t it wasn’t her fault it wasn’t even his fault it was hydra’s and most certainly Ross’s fault, God he wanted to punch something.
Walking into tony lab Rhodey spotted tony sitting at his work bence with his head in his hands, which didn't ease his worry after tony's panic attack at Xavier Manson Rhodey had been at a constant worry Rhodey feels like its going to be a round the clock thing for him.
“Yes he did but that’s a conversation for an another time it’s time to go to sleep tomorrow is a new day at school,” Tony said as he tucked them both in properly, staying awake to watch mason breath even out and fall back to sleep he closed his eyes and waited for sleep to take him.
“I went and hacked into the security system they had installed and look what I found I haven’t watched it completely through,” Tony said before he played the video.
“Who are you, you’re not mason,” Charles said watching a smile graced the child’s face sending a shudder down his spine the smile was friendly yet disturbing a smile that promised pain.
Rhodey ran a hand over his head and rubbed his neck tony could tell he was trying to find the words “what if” Rhodey sigh “what if you just left got out, start new”
Finishing her milk tony headed back to Mason only to freeze, mason's playpen was empty,“oh come on not again” tony placed down mason's bottle searching where she could have disappeared too, it wasn't the first time it had happened either, the first time she had just suddenly disappeared Rhodey had just given mason her dinner and had placed her in her playpen before bed when he had returned to get her she was gone.
“A diverse council” T'challa question with a confused look on his face, it was actually kind of cute not to mention T'challa was a really handsome man with his*No no-no Tony dont think about that*Damn his hormones had spiked for the last month and with the dreams he has been having was not helping he was straight like an arrow he liked his woman all blond and blue-eyed, with a beautiful smile that he could stare at all day.
: the others had failed due to the usage of the wrong DNA and they weren't prepared for it, but this time we made sure to prepare him for the long run and with Captain Rogers DNA alongside the Winter Soldiers he will have his perfect super Soldier.
“Yours no, not so much, your daughters, however, yes” Charles stated watching their reaction pointedly looking for any form of emotion that would cross their expressions.
“Her Godmother has her she's been walking around with her while we waited for you to wake up” Rhodey chuckled shaking his head while he stood “Ill go get them” Rhodey patted him on the shoulder as he passed him towards the door.
As the chopper had landed Laura Barton was standing outside her house she had heard the chopper coming, hoping it was Clint but she knew it couldn't be she, however, was surprised when stark climes out of the chopper.
He was aware of the voices around him, Rhodey was probably explaining to pepper what has happened while she tried to pull more information from the doctor but Tony could not concentrate all he could think of is there is a life growing inside him, a baby, his baby hell he didn't even want to think about who the other father is No, he most defiantly doesn't want to think about that
“We have found a way to not only let them be treated fairly but also be able to handle them if they do anything wrong” Rhodey explained.
“Maybe she likes her baby food,” Pepper said chuckling she had only came to deliver paperwork and say hi to her goddaughter when she walked into Tony feeding Mason all kind of food Smushed Bananas, carrots, peas, pears, and more the kitchen was a mess from all the smushed food being thrown around, Rhodey had already been there enjoying Tony's struggle they had come to peas when Mason had started glitching teleporting so fast it basically looked like she glitched nobody knew where she went luckily she had calmed down enough so Tony could try and feed her the peas with ended up on the wall as she threw it at Tony it was quite hilarious.
The first thing they saw was little Macie sitting in the chair hired men walking around the warehouse and outside the warehouse including the ones standing at the door as time went by the men started to talk to Macie they didn’t hear what they said due to the video that didn’t have audio, masons face flushed as she started to cry and the men laughed at that which in turn made mason angry that’s when the weirdness started to happen masons eyes turned into the back of her skull making her eyeballs completely white the men started to freak but shortly the two nearest to mason stood completely still almost as if they were statues in one blink from another both men pulled out their gun and killed themselves and so on it went until all men in and outside were lying on the floor dead and masons eyes turned back to almost normal but without vision.
“Have you ever wondered why mason was the only survivor?” Charles asked his expression showed that he was far away from here his mind focused on something else “why she has so many powers that we never have seen before”.
Tony wanted to laugh so bad I mean come on this has to be a really bad dream more like a really bad joke, that's the only way to explain it.
The fact that Charles hadn't asked stark what his abilities were surprised Erik usually its the first thing he needed to know, he knows Charles better than anyone he saw the flinge when starks car arrived even when Charles tried to cover it.
Sighing Steve knew this coming sooner or later he just wished it was later rather than sooner“ tony..” was all he could say before he was interrupted again.
Looking down at her Vision could see both resembles of steve and tony in the facial features of steve and the brown hair and eyes of tony.
“What are you doing here and where are the Guards” Suit number one ask the nerve of him she couldn't touch him but she wasn't going to allow him to talk to her that way.
Tony was grabbed from behind just when he entered the conference room, feeling a pinch at his neck and numbness reach his body he knew he was drugged as the darkness started to claim him he heard a very unexpected voice
Rhodey shrugged walking closer to tony “yeah but you and I both know you have done plenty of crazy before this, but you know I'll always support you tones besides I'm going to be an uncle” Tony laughed at Rhodey. he will always be grateful for the family he has and he will do anything to protect them.
Yet another dream what could it possibly mean and a pretty normal visit part 2 to this day is still in the making
And just like that, the tension in Rhodey left him, Tony had lost his parents at a young age he was there when Tony found out too watch him close off and realize he was an orphan, it wasn't something he wanted to see again, Rhodey made sure to be there for him whenever he needed him when he was drunk, sober, used, and even when he was full of himself, Rhodey was there.
Tony watched from above as both sets to work trying to lure it away from the city it wasn't going well as he wished it only stand to agitate it worse, tony send every info Friday gave him on the monster to vision and Rhodey while he helps civilians out of the way of distraction.
Tony jerked round where he was reading on his computer so focused on what he was reading he didn't even hear Friday tell him Rhodey was here or when Rhodey entered the lab,“ hey sourpatch what are you doing here aren't you supose to be at Rehabilitation therapy?”tony asked looking at Rhodey guiltily for being caught but he couldn't help it this was his place of comfort a place where he could think and forget, a safe zone even if there were no danger.
Shrugging mason looked at her father before looking back at Charles “I don’t know I just feel it in here” mason said pointing toward her heart.
“You weren't kidding when you said you were hungry,” Rhodey said with a chuckle pushing away his empty plate.
Walking down into Tony’s lab Rhodey saw tony sitting in front of his monitors studying something “hay Tones how is Macie did her vision come back” when they had returned to the tower with Macie{after much-given love from her aunt} tony had Friday run test on mason to see why she could see but after a few moments the test came back negative nothing was wrong with her eyesight after that tony had taken her for a much-needed food and bath than he had tucked her into bed she only lasted a few minutes before she passed out and tony had left for his lab that is after he sat with her for about two hours just to make sure she was safe and truly there.
Looking at his stomach tony placed his hand on his barely formed bump he muttered “you know this is really not a world you want to be born in its shit and I should probably try and stop cursing" he chuckled.
“and also she needs to drink a glass of milk while she eats and before bed a warm glass of milk cold milk upsets her stomach” tony added tickling masons tummy.
Kissing him on the forehead “i need to go I still have a company to run but I will come for a visit from time to time. She looks at Rhodey and you better look after him and promise to send me updated okay.” she added as she hugged Rhodey, looking back as she left the room.
Entering the back mason instantly headed for her friends leaving the grown-ups to walk and talk “so prof what can you tell me, what kind of abilities does she have how can we help her control them,” Tony asks as he strolled beside Charles watching as his daughter played with the other kids, Mason loved the school and she absolutely adores Charles and Eric they were like uncles to her and let's not forget her new best friend Piotr at first he was a little bit worried about his size and the fact that he was made entirely out of Crome and he was scared she could get hurt but that fear didn't last long as he watched as Piotr handled her like spaned glass and allowed her to use him as her own personal jungle Gym it was amusing to watch the big Crome man being a giant teddy bear for a little girl.
Feeling eyes on him Tony looked up to see every person sitting at the table looking at him in astoundment “what” Tony asked as he swallows the last bite of food in his plate he didn't know why they looked at him like that.
One day when they had been at the park and mason had seen a boy with both his mother and father mason had looked up at him and asked him where her daddy was and due to his promise to her he told her the truth about why he wasn’t here with them.
“he will be back” charles told erik, by the rush tony was to leave and the few minutes he was in his mind told charles all he needed to know, oh he will be back
Struggling his hardest to get out of there grip“Fuck off” Tony hissed putting as much venom in his voice trying to disguise tremble that could be heard.
He wouldn't lie and say he couldn't somewhat understand why Rogers did it hell if it was rhodey he would have sort of done the same he would however not have lied to Rogers about a certain event but still he would have done the same, it doesn't mean that Tony's not pissed about it oh because he was “ you know what they say fury all work and no play make tony stark a dull boy” Tony said giving his best smug and cocky smile he could muster even thou the memories of the real event flashed through his mind he had to clench his hands behind his back to hide it.
“TONY, I know go already before you make the king wait” pepper interrupted tony before he could go on about something she already knew it was the first time he had left anywhere without mason she was almost 24 hours with her papa but this time she couldn’t go not because he thought wakanda was dangerous but he was scared mason would wander off and run into one of the Roque avengers and he really didn’t want to think if she ever run into Steve.
“What did you want me to do fury, let go of the little control we had, join the rogue avengers and say No to 117 countries” Tony chuckles humorlessly “ You and I both know it doesn't work like that,”.
: TONY WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU DO I TOLD YOU NOT TOUCH THAT: his father shouted angerly, he was drunk again Tony could smell the booze on him as if he was there, GET OUT YOU LITTLE BRAT: Howard slurred as he felt his feet move he was pushed into yet another memories he could not quite remember.
Tony could feel the pain of the stitches setting in but it was nothing he couldn't handle he had worse pains then this before, resting back against the pillow tony waited for them it only took a few minutes before they arrived his breath got lodged in his throat as he took in his beautiful baby girl he stretched out his arms indicating that he wanted to hold her, pepper placed her in his arms giving him a kiss on his forehead “She's beautiful Tony” pepper whispered he had to agree she was beautiful she had so much of steve in her little tiny features but the little fluff of brown hair on the top of her head was all his.
“Tony can you hear me,” a voice asked, it sounded so far away faint, his head pounded, with the minimal numbers running through his mind told him he was at the Xavier mansion what had happened, he remembers happy driving him to go talk to Charles but other then that was blur flashes of images that he couldn't grasp"Tony” the voice called out again, he slowly opens his eyes but quickly shut them again due to the brightness shining in his eyes.
“I do pep but look all i will be doing is recon, watching and helping civilians so i won't be completely in the path of danger and if only when i see they need help ill lend them a hand but if only there in real trouble ok,” Tony said rubbing peppers shoulder in comfort as she gives in, having pepper worry about him always made him feel guilty and now having her worry about him and the baby made him feel even worse he didnt want to put his child in danger it the reason he was retiring but not responding may give them a bigger problem them the monster its self.
“But why can’t daddy stay with us don’t daddy love us” Mason asked her lower lip wobble a little and it broke his heart that he couldn’t take her to meet Steve he wanted to but he couldn’t.
A sound alerted her of someone's arrival the relief filled her at the prospect of getting out of here but the relief fled as it was replaced with terror when she saw it wasn't Rhodes or any of tony other teammates but the guard that she had shot in the legs standing there( with was quite impressive due to the bullet in each leg) holding the gun she had discarded.
“We cant transport him like this, he's already too far in labor we need to do this here or we may lose them both” Dr. Halliway shouted over the noise the alarm had finally gone off alerting everyone of the attack but she couldn't worry about that now, although it was a bunch of bullshit they could still transport Tony out of there, but that wasn't the idea yet make sure the baby and tony was safe and secure until colonel Rhodes could get them out himself was the plan, sticking to the plan however was going to be the problem so far everything had gone sideways starting with the baby coming earlier than expected it was supposed to be an easy get in, get Tony, get out taking her with them opp but now with battle going on in the base a man in labor and a race to protect the baby everything was a mess.
“ Pep I know it's not normal and I know I'm not ready to be a father but who ever really is and god knows ill never idmit this I am scared, you and Rhodey has been the only family I had and then the others came and left now i only have you, Rhodey, vision hell even the kid but now he sigh now I have this baby growing inside me the only flesh and blood family I am ever going to get I'm not going to give that up so I'm asking you no I'm begging you to please support me in this”he looked at pepper with pleading eyes hoping she would support him
Letting out a sigh Charles turns to go toward a class he knew he should be teaching at the moment but he was distracted when a barely audible ring zipped through his mind along with a few images of tony tied to a bed changing to a base covered in snow, with more images comes a rush spread up his arms and leg as enery goes through him, the last image that was shown was of a map and with big letters Russia was shown to him.
“You okay tones, you look tired,” asked Rhodey, he had an ice pack on his head from the splitting pain that went through his head.
Approaching the farm tony had wondered if Barton had already taken his family away but since civil war tony doubted it, the words Barton had said to tony still hurt him he shouldn't be surprised that Barton took him so low especially after Ultron
“For your information, i don't pout,” Tony said earning a chuckle from Rhodey as he walked further into the room sitting at the end of the bed.
“What's up with you tony, you've been out of it since Hawaii talk to me,” Rhodey asked glancing down toward the phone in tony hand, Rhodey had hated the phone since he read the so say apology letter from Rogers, Rhodey had wanted tony to destroy the phone but he didnt he knew they still needed it.
“Oh, can we Papa please can we” mason begged tony making him laugh if only they were out about what she really was then tony would have placed her in Xavier’s school not only would they treat her right but she would be amongst her own but it was too dangerous Ross was still out there it was a shame when mason had killed all those people who had worked for Ross that she didn’t kill the man himself it would have been had been fitting.
Slumping against the counter Tony let out a sigh rubbing a hand down his face, he turned to pepper “I swear when she is older I'm grounding her until she is thirty” heaving another sigh he looked toward Rhodey “Call Charles to see if she is there” tony walked out of the kitchen starting his search.
Tony concentrated on the static almost as if he was turning into a frequency, getting closer and closer he could almost hear voices they were muffled like they were talking underwater.
Clearing his throat the doc stated“medical researchers have been working on a way for men and trans females to became pregnant by transplanting a womb to there lower torso, but that has not been achieved yet, however, there have been few cases, that is quite similar to yours where a scientist named Josh debroski experimented on an involuntary patients, resulted in an unwanted pregnancy and debroski losing his licence and 12 years in prison.”
“I keep trying to come up with a conclusion to why she would leave so easily, why she would leave me so easily but i keep on coming up blank” vision said staring out the window hoping he would find some kind of explanation out there.
Steve couldn't sleep after tony's meeting with T'Tchalla and finding out Tony was probably dying AGAIN as Natasha had told them, he couldn't sleep afraid when he did he would get the news tony was gone and Steve couldn't make things right with him.
“Breaking and entering is a criminal offense you know,” Tony said as he walked towards the kitchen, grabbing Two bottles water from the fridge the feel of fury stare at the back of his head had him on edge as much as he is used too being stared at he hated it now it felt like they were looking straight through him and seeing not only every scar he had but also his baby girl growing in his womb and given that this is fury who is no doubt in contact with Romanoff which is linked to Rogers made it so many times worse.
What did frighten him however was that he was going to announce her existence to the world along with his retirement there were many threats out there that would use her to get to him he couldn't handle it if she got hurt because of him, thank god for JJ, but there was a promise he needed to make.
“Already on it,” Tony said before shutting down the video and deleting it until there was no trace of it anywhere for the protection of his daughter he would do anything in his power to make sure she’s protected.
“We are ready Sir,” J.J said in his childlike voice he had wanted J.J to grow along with her, his voice would change as they both grow up becoming who Tony knows she could be.
T'challa could say he was anything even sometimes he could be oblivious but he was not an idiot he could tell there ware thing stark wasn't telling him and he could tell something was not right he just didn't know what it was and for some reason it was bothering him “I take it the public has not been informed of your retirement” t'challa ask watching stark for any tail sign that anything was wrong was not as easy as he expected other than the overly bigger sized clothing t'challa couldn't really see anything wrong but he just knew there was it was like a feeling in his gut.
“What I'm saying is that unborn child is a class 5, Omega Level mutant just think how powerful she could become when she is born, she may be even more powerful then jean”
‘No, No, okay look i will have Friday give you all the details, report to you on how the visit and the drive went and ill even let happy drive again’ Tony said giving Rhodey the smile he knew could win anyone over, he needed to do this himself to prove that he could handle things on his own that he wasn't some helpless pregnant teen who got knocked up and depended on everyone for everything.
Walking around the nursery tony rocked Mason gently waiting for her to fall asleep the love he felt holding his little girl was unlike anything he felt for anyone before, it scared him but also he couldn't care he loved the feeling he didn't want it to stop
: you think the procedure worked this time: the other voice asked he could recognize the head guard voice, it sends chills down his back.
Making his way up to take a shower, he contemplated if he wanted to find out who the other father was he knew he needed to know if he needed to take action when the time comes to tell his son\daughter who their other father was and if he wanted to know if he was having a girl or boy it didn't really matter to him although he wouldn't know what to really do with a girl thank god for pepper
After the group had departed and mason was playing with Piotr again tony sat with Charles, Charles had acted strange when he had left masons mind and that he wanted mason to train with the Xmen frightened him he didn’t want her to be in any dangerous situation even if he knew it would be good for her he did want her to learn how to protect herself but it still scared him to no end “Charles what happened in there what did you see” tony asked he needed to know if not for his daughters sake but for his own.
“as much as they think of me your highness i know the Avengers even if they were pardoned and the Accords changed they still won't sign unless it's with someone they trust to send them where they needed they trust you and in time they will learn to trust Charles” Tony explained he was telling T'challa 5% of the truth lying to the king wasn't Tony goal but he couldn't exactly tell him the real reason was because he wanted to protect his daughter and him now being a mutant he needed to protect himself in order to protect her so it wasn't a complete lie.
As the guards step though the door tony used all the strength he had to use the door as a ram knocking the guards down jumping over them he bolted out the door running down a hallway he knew from constant travel trying to avoid as many of the other guards as he could the alarm was already blaring over his head letting everyone know he had gotten out he needed to find his watch so at least he had his gauntlet with him, it was going to be hard but he needed to try once he was out he could least find someway to contact vision or Rhodey to where he was but he needed to get out first then he would think of a plan.
“Okay, but tony we do need to talk, ”Rhodey said which made tony really grateful he knew they needed to talk he was just glad Rhodey didn't push for it to be now, “Come on let's check if they made breakfast yet”.
Sighing when he still had no answer from Tony he was about to start talking again when Tony turned around and he let out a gasp he could tell Tony was angry it showed on his face but what really caught his attention was the bright sapphire eyes looking at him in anger “WHAT CHOICE DO I HAVE” tony roared which startled Rhodey he had seen tony angry before but his eyes had never changed color.
Standing in front of a very pissed of debroski the head guard and his goons never saw him this pissed and they had every chance even with his other subjects debroski never got this pissed even when they accidentally killed one
Coming out of shock from the pregnancy announcement meer minutes before putting a hand on Tony shoulder hoping to support his friend, Rhodey asked“what happened to the patients.” still couldn't believe what he was hearing. not liking the none-answer the doctor was giving Rhodey opened his mouth to ask again but was interrupted with pepper bursting into the room face full of worry
At the arrival tony walked into the lab he wanted to see if Friday could find DNA that matches to those that was in his“ how is it looking fry” he asked taking a seat shifting throu the designs of the project it has been coming along nicely although it was only the begin stages of developing he needed to work on the outer design of it while he still could
“I do appreciate it, your highness, oh one more thing” Tony reached into his pocket retrieving the phone“Could you give this to Barton it has a number of a pilot that will take him to his family, oh dont worry it's not bugged”.
He and Charles had sat one side and watched as mason played with Rex he still couldn’t understand what he had seen watching as his daughter turn a metal robotic dog that had only been made out of wire and metal into a really barking playing dog with a sleek metal body that shifted and changed as he went.
“ as long as you call me Charles, tony these are a few of my close friend's Eric lehnsherr along with hank macCoy, jean grey, and Scott Summers you can trust them just as much as you can trust me, shall we take this inside” Charles had to be cautious he didn't know stark all that well but by the look of it stark didn't trust just anyone.
“they are blocking my every move making sure i dont get to talk to the president either he doesn't know about this or he is the one making sure i dont talk to him but I'm not going to stop for mason I'm going to make sure she is safe.
Shaking her head Natasha turned to face the others “Tony's done this before” Natasha spoke as she started to pace, a pacing Natasha was not a good thing “When Tony was dying from palladium Poisoning he did almost the same thing he made pepper the CEO of SI, he donated a lot of money to various charities, hell he practically gave Rhodey a suit of armor, its the same pattern, changing the accords, trying to get us pardons and retiring, only he's making sure the world is being protected before he goes” Natasha explained waving and gestures with her hands as she does.
“Well wasn't that sweet” the guard mocked the look of amusement in his eyes the fact that the guard was amused by death made tony realize that sick bastard like this didnt deserve to breath“none the less” the guard continues pointing the gun at tony again “It doesn't change a thing time to die stark”.
Pain so unbearable tore through tony he let out an agonizing scream it wasn't like any pain he felt before leaving him shaking and drenched in sweat it wasn't long before it was gone another wave of pain overcame him, he knew the signs the pain and the overwhelming desire to push told him he was in labor which was not good, not just about the place he was in but because the Hydra base was under attack due to a rescue attempt of all the things to happen at this moment she decided to be born.
If he came out of the bathroom completely drenched with a very dressed and dry mason Pepper wasn't going to say anything.
Doubling over with pain tony cradled his stomach Rhodey was there in an instant taking him by the shoulders“Tones what is it, What's wrong” Rhodey asks panic clear in his voice.
Slowly steve made his way towards tony he knew tony won't back down he stood his ground standing in front of him steve saw tony looked younger and almost flawless but he knew the truth.
“My mother, where is my Mother?” the little green girl asked in return watching as the group purple giants lowered.
“As much as i hate to interrupt this lovers quarrel but we got a situation,” Natasha said looking up Tony could see what she meant the monster was splitting in four making them smaller but a lot more aggressive as they attacked anything that moved.
See you soon Cuddle bear, hopefully when you get back all this shit will be gone” Tony said with humor, it was never so easy if only it was.
Walking beside him Rhodey radiated Tension he didn't want to be here which tony understood but he wasn't going to let Tony go anywhere else without him either, understanding about what had Occurred a few days ago when they had come back from Xavier Mansion tony had made a call to the king and ask for attendance but was offered a visit to Wakanda which he couldn't turn down if he wanted to get the king support on the changes he wanted to make to the Accords, he isn't either going to pretend that he was there for  another agenda the plan was still forming in his mind but having T'challa support would go a long way and pardoning the Rogue Avengers was going to need all the help it could get.
“Oh But Star Spangled Man with a plan, Dear Old Captain America Wanted it done his way he couldn't see his Boyfriend being Examined by a specialist to see what his damaged was Or to have his precious and Innocent Maximoff sent off to a school for people just like her so she could train her powers and not to use it to Fuck with peoples minds” Tony fumed he regrets allowing fury to see him snap the way he did but he didn't nor needed fury's judgment and by the shocked Expression on Fury's face he wasn't expecting it either sighing tony rubbed his hand over his face “If you just came here to give me a speech, Save it and just leave I had a long day and I'm tired so leave the way you came and dont let the door kick you on way out,”.
“You know the next time you convince me its a good idea to let you go out alone I'm going to make sure Friday lock you up in the tower” Rhodey said as he helped Tony into a sitting position, Tony understood that rhodey was angry and he doesn't blame him but Tony couldn't have known they would go after him now.
He wished Bruce was here he knew a lot more DNA modification then he does but unfortunately, bruce is god knows where doing god knows what and he couldn't find him which is a first and he tried everything and looked everywhere he knew Ross was looking for Bruce too tony just hoped he never finds him
Everything seems normal between them for now but they still need to work it out on the upcoming chapter ill try giving it sooner
“We heard about the attack we came here to help,” Steve said as both of them pulled the truck away so the civilians could get out.
It was close to three hours that they had been at the park and mason was starting to get tired but she didn’t want to leave rubbing her tired eyes mason spotted a large blue and purple butterfly it was closer to the streets where she wasn’t supposed to go but she wanted to look at the pretty butterfly, looking back to where her aunt pepper and uncle happy was talking mason saw that their attention wasn’t on her at the moment she could go see the butterfly and be back before they noticed where she had gone, looking back again one more time mason headed towards the butterfly she was in awe at the butterflies wings how it fluttered and at the pretty colors as she got near the butterfly took off flying away mason watched it in complete awe at the beautiful butterfly that she didn’t notice a man coming up behind her, Mason let out a scream when a bag was thrown over her head and the man lifted her up and run away with her fighting to be let go off.
“Go for below the tentacles,” tony said to steve who nodded in return before running towards the monster informing the others and tony took to the sky, it was going to be a long day and tony could already feel the headache coming.
“you know I'll always support you tony you'll always be my family even if you make me crazy sometimes”She told him.
“yes, most pregnancies have these kinds of occurrences and starts at the third trimester of pregnancy it's usually there to for warn that it's close to your due date and it's harmless there is nothing to worry about”.
“I hope your right Tony” Charles turned and rolled back towards the mansion Tony rubbed his hand down his face he hoped he was right to God knows what could happen
Charles watched out the window not really paying attention to the scenery after Rhodey had called Charles to inform him that Tony had been kidnapped Charles has been extremely worried not just because tony had become one of his close friends but because hydra now had there hand on one of the most powerful Mutant Child in Mutant history and the damage they could do to the child and the world would be devastating and they had no idea on where tony was and that they couldn't find him and neither could, Charles, because the child was shielding tony's mind and protecting him from any unwanted intrusions.
“Start a new life tony, when the baby is born, go somewhere disappear raise her as a normal father, not as Ironman or tony stark, just as tony a    mechanic,” Rhodey said
“Woah Woah Tones easy,” Rhodey said grabbing tony by the wrists he hadn't even heard Rhodey approach shooting a quick glance around tony saw what had happened all the work he had sorted what scattered all over the floor.
“i was hoping you could be a consultant or a founding member of the diverse council I'm planning to put in order” Tony explained...
He knew vision and or the kid was going to be there with him but with the Avengers not being as strong of a defence as it was stronger villains in much bigger groups will come so the best thing he could do is protect the world all while he gets the accords changed, Expose Ross getting him behind bars, Getting S.H.I.E.L.D back and running while he worked to get all the avengers and not so avengers pardons should be easy Right.
Down by the lab Tony grabbed on to the table as the tower shook tools, papers fell off the table clattering to the floor “Friday what the hell is happening” Tony asked as he made his way shakily toward the door with one direction on the mind, Mason.
“I dont know what you mean Mr. Stark” pepper said looking at him with false innocence before she waved through the crowd mingling as she goes, shaking his head Tony made his way towards T'challa.
Tony knew Ross was trying to hit a nerve, but all it did was send a chill down his spine and Tony suppressed it didn't show it either he was too good at hiding his emotions“ I've dealt with it, what is it you want Ross I don't think it my mental state you want to talk about”
A tear slid down his cheek as brown eyes and brown hair came into view she looked just like him but there were so much of steve there too “I can't” Tony said groggily his throat was dry almost as if he never used his voice.
“stop fighting stark we can do it the easy way or the hard way all you have to do is stop fighting.”
Sorry it took so long again i have a family member visit and i have been putting them is paragrafs if i did make a mistake I'm sorry i have been doing this at 4 in the morning  and the other chapter will be here soon I'm already busy with it
Being led to the kings office sure was a reminder of when he was pregnant with his daughter and her first movement he also remembered he wanted mason to be able to protect herself meaning sending her for martial arts training when she was a little older, with just the thought of mason the tingle at the back of his head returned but he pushed it away as they enter the kings office.
There were voices in the room with Tony, he could make out two of them a woman and man he didnt open his eyes he wanted to know what they were saying and if they knew he was awake they would stop, so he listened.
“Steve come on” Natasha pulled steve toward the quinjet keeping a close eye on tony there was little to no emotion on Natasha's face only a flicker of something in her eyes long gone before Tony could read it, so he lowered the repulsor and turned to deal with the authorities as they came just after the rogue avengers had left, it was going to be a long day he can only imagine Ross blowing up his phone with questions he didnt want to answer.
T'challa had a lot to think about after the gala and tony proposal he couldn't stop thinking about the idea a diverse council for the enchanted Individuals and mutant citizens of the world, it wasn't a bad idea given the bad treatment of those that don't deserve it that he could understand he had seen it many times but Starks reason for building this council had him a little skeptical why such a big step for just getting the Avengers back, there had to be another reason, could it be because he was dying and didn't want to take any chances or was there something else, he could ponder about it all night but it wouldn't give him any answers and he had more important thing to think about.
“If this is all you wanted to talk about Ross your wasting my time,” Tony said stepping backward slightly he wasn't going to take his eyes of Ross neither was he going to turn his back on him God knows what he would do then but tony failed to notice the two men coming up behind him until he felt the sharp pinch in his neck as the needle pierced his skin and injected him with an unknown liquid, cold dread filled him as he realized what had just happened Tony turned sharply toward the two men now entering the room as he staggered away from them into the waiting hands of Ross, his body felt numb his mind was foggy the dread coming in full force as he feared what the unknown drug would do to his baby girl.
“Then Change it, Make it work,” fury states coolly and the last of the restraint Tony was so clinging on snapped.
“I don't remember most of the things they did to me they made sure i was mostly unconscious for it, i remember the torture, the pain and being sick a lot,” Tony said the pain wasn't such a big deal pain he was used to, the sickness was another story, he hated being sick from a young age, it made him feel useless and out off bound so he made sure he didn't get sick.
Hearing the lie in his word T'challa frowned but let it go he knew if stark didnt want to tell him he won't be able to get it out of him“ alright let me show you off”
Flashes of green woman, men, and children smiling laughing enjoying the bright beautiful day flashed through Masons sleeping gaze smiling as the children played outside and the woman and men discussed their day watching their children but as fast as the joy came it was gone as Creatures in metal gear and weapons arrived rounding up everyone into two groups, a little girl calling out for her mother fighting one of the Creatures trying to get her hand free from it, one of her people bumped into it and it let go of her hand she pushed away turning she faces a giant purple man with Golden armor.
Receiving nothing but a shake of the head and a shrug from wong Strange let out a long overdone sigh, who knew wong could be so difficult, bending down strange went to pick up the child only to grasp air as the child disappeared.
“ well that explains the doc's expression the other day he was surprised you're still alive and the baby is healthy” Rhodey Groused not really happy about what he heard the fact that tony still may die didn't sit well with him.
“Tony what are you doing here, I thought you already left, you can't be ...” Steve said but was interrupted.
Sitting him on the bed Rhodey pulled off his shirt and laying him down, Tony was already asleep when he tucked him into bed.
Charles didn't exactly know what to expect when he got a call from miss potts stating tony stark wanted to make an Appointment to meet with him he also didn't expect the total silence that was coming from the car that was approaching the only thoughts he could hear was those of Colonel Rhodes which was quite loud,
Returning to Wakanda again Tony couldn’t say it was a pleasant feeling just as before his head started pounding with all the technology trying to get inside his head so tony had to shut of his mind again just to be able to think straight he had gotten use to all other country’s technology but with wakanda being so far more advanced he had trouble dealing with it but before he had landed there had been a tingle at the back of his head warning him of trouble but seeing as mason was safe with pepper and it was probably his subconscious warning him about the avengers tony let it go he would look into it later.
“Not to interrupt or anything but none of you watched the news six months back did you?” Scott asked.
“I can't believe you just pulled that joke on me,” Tony chuckles staring out over the crowd, he knew it was important for him to be seen one last time before he goes under, nobody wanted them to ask questions of where Tony is why he hasn't been out and about, but he really didnt want to be here, he was so tired even now he feels her moving around, she was extremely active.
Moving a little bit closer just to add to the trick“It seems like it, barton your family misses you and you miss them dont be an idiot over a petty grudge hold against a man that dont deserve it” T'challa leaned forward “so tomorrow you get on that plane and you go home do you understand me”.
“Seriously Tone after everything they did, what he did to you, he hurt you any harder and it would have damaged your chest even worse than it already was, not to mention what if the base wasn't as empty as you thought it was if Zemo could get in it so easily who knows who could have been in there also even if there were no one the cold could have killed you if you didnt have any way out of there, if something worse had happened to you i..i.”
“I believe its a child” wong helpful inputted also staring at the child like he never saw one before.
Tony wasn't stupid he knew the Rogue avengers was hold up there, he was angry at first but got over it he was too old for grudges although now he looked younger then he was before, stronger too.
“I came to check on my patient his blood pressure was low” Mason lied it wasn't the best lie but one they would likely believe “how am i supposed to know where your guards check their posts” it wasn't a lie she didnt know where they were only that they had left their post and they were here so it wasn't an exact lie just not the complete truth.
“You've served your purpose stark, now its time to deliver oh and dont worry about the child the drug was specifically made for you, we can't exactly damage the merchandise” Ross explained with a chuckle, he wanted to fight, scream out for help but he couldn't even feel is arms and what scared him the most he couldn't feel his baby.
She knew it would come to this not that she wished it did but she knew but when you do bad shit and don't suffer the consequences for them the wheel always turns she regretted even agreeing to Hydra proposal although saving her son was a great reason why she did but doing what hydra had wanted her to do was all kind of wrong with leads her to this predicament as they waited for Tony's team she was starting to get worried tony had been in labor for four hours now and it looked like it was going to be a long process the battle noise had died down a little, hoping that they would arrive soon as she checked tony out he was still panting she could understand his pain she had gone through it herself.
Laying his head on the sofa arm tony closed his eyes, he felt Bow put his hand on his head, a warm feeling rushed through his head it was a different feeling from Wanda's magic, it was warm as memories were pushed front and center::
It took a while to get mason bundled up and ready to go to the park, happy had been extremely Happy to see mason as she got into the car, giving her hugs kissing her cheeks and tickling her tummy making her burst with laughter it made pepper smile as she watched Happy being wrapped around masons little finger even going as far as putting her favorite music on to play on their drive to the park.
“Yes they are safe i got them out in time they reside in one of the privet islands in the Philippines and they only miss barton their fine none the less,” Tony said placing his hands in his pockets turning to head back to the party.
“Just a second” Steve called out in return making his way to the door rubbing more sleep from his eyes, it had felt so real the dream had felt so real.
Fear settled in him at any moment something could go wrong the car could flip with the wrong push or they could successfully pull them over and then who knows what they'll do.
Tony couldn't believe it it was going so smoothly he had the kings support and he could understand the pardons was going to take some time all that he could understand and he was grateful only know he could only hope he could get the kings to support in his little project “I understand your highness vision is still part of the Avengers and will be there after my absence so is Colonel Rhodes and we can work out the details as we go but if you will there is another opportunity i wanted to discuss...”
Standing in the dark room he contemplated if this had really been the way he wanted thing to go he wanted his wife back he wanted a child and all of that was taken from him now he had a child not born of him but had a part of his wife within the child but like before it was taken FROM him all because some idiots couldn't do his job, at first the joining Hydra was a relief he needed the resources for his project and he couldn't do it within prison either but after the success of his project and losing them multiple times he was starting to doubt his choices.
She was right he was distracted which wasn't in normal for him but he wasn't doing anything at all he was just staring into the distance which was un-normal for him“I'm fine just been having some odd dreams nothing to worry about, when did you get in by the way”
“Come on tony you need to be faster than that” Pepper chuckled sitting back as tony chased mason around the couch all while she giggled uncontrollably.
Gamore took the blade out of his hand carefully balancing the blade on her tiny finger while behind her one of the groups were being shot down Gamora heard the screams she turned her head.
Watching the king leave an ache had settled in his chest tony was going to be in Wakanda and Steve wouldn't be able to see him he did regret the way they had left things the way he left leaving tony behind it wasn't the way he wanted thing to go but it had and he couldn't take them back, Bucky was his best friend his brother and the most important person at the time thinking back to the fight he should have realized tony wouldn't have killed bucky but I'll he could think about was protecting him.
Taking a seat next to hank and Rhodey sat next to him there was a plate of three waffles with cream and syrup placed in front of him along with a cup of coffee which was quickly grabbed away from him by a curtain mother bear who doesn't want him drinking coffee, he thanked Raven for the food and dug in.
Sitting in the gardens of Wakanda was the favorite part of Steve's day, with the beautiful flowers and clean fresh smell he could come here and relax while he draws, they had made a small arrangement with T'challa he would allow all of them to stay as long as they stay hidden in turn they would be able to go out and do missions while keeping under the radar giving off the impression that they were never there, he had finished his daily exercise had a nice long shower and just sat down when one of the Dora came and stood beside him.
“Steve” Tony panted as Steve reached behind him prodding his puckered entrance before slipping in the first finger, tony gasp as he felt Steve's finger go deeper before pulling out a little adding another finger, scissoring in and out of tony hole loosening him up, adding a third finger as Steve worked on marking up tony's neck with hickies .
“And again i do thank you for that and due to my respect for you, your highness id rather not treat you like an idiot so lets drop the utter bullshit we” Tony gestured between him and Rhodey“ know the Roque Avengers are here, hiding and in truth we dont really care i came here to discuss the change of Accords and the possibility of pardoning the Avengers” Tony stated bluntly.
they didn't want to brainwash him for they did not want to risk the lose of weapons they could of optain from him so they kept him under lockdown. Tony stark was saved by the end of the third month by vision and spiderman aka peter parker.Tony didn't know he was pregnant yet he was getting sick as the days past he was worried about what they did to him everybody was. He was gaining weight he couldn't keep in food. He was tired all the time so he decided to run the test he refused to do in his return as so he discovered what hydra as done to him and of the pregnancy.
pressing the transducer to his stomach a picture came on its screen“lets see here ”the doc mumbled as he watched the screen, tony gripped the sheets nervous at what he was going to see.
Soon the clean air of the tower started to fade and the smell of mold and shoe polish came at tony but it was an undertone as a strong copper smell reached Tony’s nose he stiffens when he realized it was blood he was smelling on top of the mold and shoe polish, God he hope it wasn’t his little girls blood, straining his ears tony heard the sound of sewers and nearby traffic when suddenly the sound of Brooklyn’s train came to his ears and then he knew where she was *Hold on sweetheart daddy’s coming* tony said before he went out of her head and opened his eyes to two pair of worried eyes.
“No, you lost to much time, go to your therapy sessions and ill go to Xavier's, i will be fine besides its only a few hours” tony reassured he was grateful that Rhodey would be there for him when he needed him but he also needed to look out for himself.
There weren't many things that could surprise T'challa with all his years of training as the black panther he was taught to expect anything and everything he expected starks complete professional tone he was accustomed to he even expected Stark to know of the Avengers whereabouts but what stark had said right after he Did not expect and he was surprised at the complete bland tone stark had said it, glancing briefly toward Colonal Rhodes he noticed the stiffness in his shoulders and the unkind look in his eyes he wasn't happy about this almost every part of him gave it away but he stayed quiet, returning his gaze back towards Stark the blank expression he had on his face was unnerving and showed him the mask he had used at many conferences and was now trained on him.
“As I told Mr. Rhodes and Mrs. Potts I could do an ultrasound to see what exactly is happening in there and what is what then we will see what happens.” The doctor explained.
“Again, Tony, I thought we talked about this” Rhodey Muttered as he stepped into the lab tony was in his second trimester and Rhodey wasn't taking any chances, he knew Tony wouldn't put the baby in any Unintended harm but with his run before walking habit have placed Tony in danger on more occasions then he could count,“and what the hell is that” Rhodey asked staring confused at the sphere shape pieces of metal on tony work table.
: Tony, Tony Sweetheart oh what are you doing in there look at you-you're so dirty now covered in dust: his mother's voice reached out to him and pulled him to her as her face appears a small smile graced her face as she patted the dust out of his hair.
However there was one guard that was giving tony the creeps he was always there he always looked at tony in a certain way that tony felt a shiver run up his back, almost like tony was his next meal and it made his skin Crawl, Tony had been busy trying to find a way to contact Rhodey through the cam computer when the door to the room opened and the guard that made his skin crawl stepped into the room followed by five other guards, warning bells went off in tony's mind he didnt like the feeling he was getting right now, why are they here.
He was so grateful to be out of the spotlight now only he needed to head home to Mason his beautiful baby girl it wasn't as if he didnt trust rhodey or vision to look after her, being a new baby daddy he wanted to be with her he almost called off the announcement but he knew it needed to be done and now it was done well almost he still have a lot of work ahead of him.
“He's dealing just like everyone else is,” Sam says going to stand before Natasha “it was a big change for all of us”.
“What, What did you see,” Steve asked from where he sat listening to the group discussion but not focusing really, focusing had been really hard for him to do these days, not just because of tony's meeting today but it felt like he was missing something, something he should know of or something he could feel, pulling at him, telling him he should go find it, but he didnt know what he should find, it was keeping him up at night and making him restless, only if he could find it then he could stop feeling this way.
“Shit” Tony cursed before trying to run up the steps and towards Mason's room bumping and almost tripping his way up reaching Mason door twisting the handle but the door wouldn't budge, Tony could hear his little girls screams from the inside “Macie, Friday the door won't open whats going on in there” Tony called out hitting the door with his shoulder trying to get it open.
Shield was doing well, they still had a long way to go to gain back the Government and the people trust but they were getting there with fury and coulsons co-directors they were gaining more and more recruits, Tony made sure they were checked out before Accepted to make sure no Hydra agents snuck back into Shield.
“Oh for fuck sakes” he pants gripping the sheets underneath him as another contraction swept through him“ no not now, not now please” Tony begged he didn't want to give birth here and he knew for a fact the doctors were rushing to get ready they wanted his baby girl and god help him he was going to do everything in his power to make sure they never get her, panting and groaning as pain came and went letting out another scream as the contractions got worse it felt like he was being ripped apart, three doctors burst through the doors rushing toward him.
“Rhodey Masons Missing” that was all it took for all the color to drain out of Rhodey’s face he didn’t want to believe it, How when he had left she was perfectly safe and happy hoe would take his littleTonyetheart, well he knew who only Tony had made sure he couldn’t come near mason so how did Ross get her right underneath their noses.
“I understand Mr. Stark if there is anything I could do please let me know” T’challa said and he meant it he hated when children got hurt and he hated it the most when the people that hurt children gets away with it and if T’challa could help stop those people he would and that made his decision much more easier to make “we will talk again Mr. Stark”.
“You wanna try and catch her, let's see how well you do then,” Tony said as mason crawled under through the coffee table before he could reach her.
She was restless moving around kicking in his ribs, she was scared he wanted to reassure her that everything was going to be okay but he couldn't lie to her unborn or not he just couldn't, they had kept Tony drugged up for most of the time he was here which he was surprised they got anything passed his newly developed Immune system didnt give tony much confidence, meaning steve could be much more trouble than he knows.
“he is fine pepper, pregnant but okay you know tony he always makes it through no matter what pushes him down” patting her knee as he sat down next to her
Looking up at her father mason felt there was more to the story something her father wasn’t telling her “He hurt you to papa didn’t he”.
“Steve please I'm ready” Tony moaned as he felt Steve rub Against tony's prostate sending shocks through his body.
“Do you know what this is about Nat?” Steve asks glancing around the room waiting for the king's arrival he wanted to go see Bucky again he could understand why he wanted to go back into cryo but it still felt like he was losing him all over again.
“It does seem quiet unreasonable but I do understand a bit of force these are superhuman and mutants we are talking about force is necessary on occasions”.
When Tony had given Bow permission to enter his mind to help him Charles was taken back with the amount of loud clustered thoughts that rampaged his mind.
Letting out a frustrated sigh “On that sour note Charles, there is something else I want to discuss its quite complicated to say but my abilities  I don't know if it's just me or if it's going haywire but I'm finding it hard to control so I was hoping you would be able to help me, even if it meant that you needed to go inside my head again”( Much to Tony's detest).
He knew he had to tell her someday and he did promise to tell her the truth no matter how hard it was and he hoped that the fact that mason was half asleep would soften the blow and over time she would understand “daddy kept something very important from Papa a secret that wasn’t his to keep a secret he should have told papa about but he lied about it”.
“Tony this doesn't rely on good, time,” Rhodey said but was completely frozen by what Tony had to say.
“well honey my papa and mommy was taken from me when I was younger they were killed at first I thought it was an accident but later on I found out that it wasn’t and your daddy knew who had killed them but he didn’t tell papa about it about the fact that your uncle and daddies best friend was the one who killed my mommy and daddy” tony explained.
Grabbing the shield as her father laid down he held it up as he shot at the man shooting at them getting a few shots in before he was thrown out of the train as the energy blow hit the shield.
Laying on the cold hard cote tony thought of how much his life had changed, while in Afghanistan he found a purpose to fight to save people that needed it the most and where he found love with pepper although they are no longer together ever since Ultron they still loved each other, she just couldn't be with him as long as he puts his life in danger by being iron man he couldn't blame her he already hurt Rhodey when he fell from the sky.
“Going at it that way it does seem to be a better option but you do need to understand not all would see it that way but so far, Mr. Stark, you have my support it would be a benefit to be at good odds with the Enchanted individuals as for the pardons Mr. Stark,” T'challa said as he leaned back “It would be a while before we could gain the pardons for the Avengers but changing the accords and gaining approval from the masses will guide us towards right path”
“I dont know Tony but we need to find a way and fast her powers are growing on an extreme level the only thing we can do now is keeping her calm,” Charles said before stopping “Had she said anything this morning about her vision”.
Nibbling her lip again mason looked at her father, giving her a small nod of encouragement, mason looked back at Charles before she nodded.
“Yes but you may not like it,” Tony said before he removed the device from his coat pocket “its twin bracelets designed after the neck devices that take away the powers of a mutant, it’s been modified to damper her powers with three settings to completely remove her powers, to keep it at a controllable state or to allow her to use her powers fully, it goes from the wrist up over the palm and in between the two middle fingers it’s also have a fingerprint scanner so that nobody can remove it but me and you,” Tony said as he showed the device to Charles “I know mason will try and upgrade it so I allowed a few more advances to be added when she does decide to do so”.
Break from the state tony was in he walked to the window pressing his warm forehead against the cool glass, trying to catch his breath.
turning the rolling chair sitting down Rhodey asked“have you thought of taking a paternity test yet, to see who he is,You don't think it's debroski kid do you”
“Oh sweetheart daddy cant if he did the important people would have found him and then we would have never seen him again” he sighed and lifted his daughter into his arms
She nodded before she said “there is something very wrong with him” she pauses before she continues “He is sick”
After he was sick the torture began they had demanded he make them weapons, he refused, of course, he stopped making them because of this very same reason, innocent people get hurt and he didn't want any more blood on his hands than he already has.
Fast approaching cars pulled Tony from his work, glancing out the window tony spotted two black SUV barling down the road, giving that the road toward Xavier mansion isn't exactly a road traveled frequently unless your either a parent of one of the students but the lack of license plates told him other ways,(Guess he talked too soon) a shiver of dread slid down his back as he realized why they could be coming this way.
Sitting with the president a long time ago Rhodey would have been honored to be here but now after being here for some time all Rhodey wanted was to go home to Macie and tony, he had gotten to talk to the president from time to time but he was always cut short when he had gotten to really talk to him about the reason he was there in the first place and to tell the truth it was starting to piss him off so today he was going to make sure they talked whether the president like it or not.
“Alright lets do it but whatever he sees in my memories will not be spoken of in any way and he would keep it to himself” Tony said sternly he didn't want this to come back and bite him in the ass, but he also know Charles was a respectable person he could trust him a little.
Snorting tony knew there was wasn't such a thing as the easy way they liked using force too much to stop now trying to shove backward again enough for them to lose there footing and topple over but there was too many of them now and he was pushed face down onto the ground.
“I’m sorry your highness I have to cut this short again something has come up my daughter’s missing” tony said the king nodded his understanding all while standing he walked with tony towards the quinjet.
Yes I'm sorry i hadn't update for a while a tragedy had happened in my family and i lost my dad and then we had to move its been extremely busy days for me helping to support my family that's for your patience<3<3
“yes I have been able to track multiple DNA Strands. One a super solder DNA and the other are various Mutant DNA Strands”
Tony know to raise a child was not going to be easy, he didn't expect it to be, he just wished someone out there could have written a book of how to raise a super baby, ever since Mason was born tony was a wreck not only with recovering from surgery, no, he was wrecked because Mason is a year old and her powers were getting stronger by each passing day.
“As i shall be for you Sir” vision whispered even knowing Tony was out the room tony needed his help and he would be there for him.
Removing his fingers, Steve lifted tony up and over his cock slowly lowering tony down, the feeling of tony body as he enters him was pure bliss with the damp heat gripped his cock steve's restraints was starting to crumble, feeling tony's ass touch his pelvis steve took a deep breath as Tony started to move.
Looking up from the project he's been working on “thanks fry is there any way I can avoid it"tony really didn't want to meet with Ross or much less be in the same room with him, something other then usually does not sit right with Tony he knew Ross would do anything not only to get banner but to find the rogue avengers he had Friday compiled evidence against Ross but nothing solid.
Blowing out a breath dragging his hand through his hair, not knowing how to explain it to Rhodey without worrying him even more than he already does, he was supposed to concentrate on himself getting better learning how to properly walk again, he knows the brace's work but it's only a prototype,
“Oh, so you weren't going anywhere just now” Rhodey crossed his arms with a clear smirk on his face.
Tony Sigh“I already told you I don't know where they are, and I promise *Not* if I find out where ill tell you” right sure Tony would tell him when hell freezes over.
“Yes I'm fine, let's go greet our guests” he added as he rolled forward where the car had stopped if stark wanted to let them know he will do it himself.
“We need to try tones, At least we would know” Rhodey whispered Tony knew he was right he was just afraid if they did try and it didn’t work he may lose his daughter all together he didn’t know if he could take that but he needed to try Rhodey was right.
After a long time of silence, Tony was about to walk away, when the Workshop doors opened fist-bumping the air tony walked in taking note of everting he needed to do but most of it was heavy lifting and he promised he would take it easy.
Knowing he needed to discuss all the details with pepper about her plan but tony needed to make plans of his own he needed to find a way to get the now rogue avengers pardons.
“i know that's what we love about Tony he never give up, he is going to need help and we will be there for him” it was going to be a rough ride for Tony he knew that and he wished he could take some of it away for him but he couldn't all he could do now was be there for him whenever he needed it.
Tony could see he piqued the king's interest it wasn't every day someone came to the king with such a proposal, it was a risk asking the king before he got the ball rolling but he needed the support he was going to speak with Charles again after he did his 7 months check-up, he was really glad he didnt show as much as he should and oversized clothed did well to hide the bump that he had it was quite adorable and it had given him more time in the public eye the gala was his last so he needed to make it work it had helped that the king was here as well although he still thinks pepper had something to do with that he just couldn't prove it.
Entering the king's office tony took in his surroundings a wide open space with large floor to ceiling windows a door on the one side leading to a built-in bathroom,  the king sat at his desk going over paperwork at their approach he rose extending his hand “Welcome Mr. Stark, Colonel Rhodes its a good to see your well please take a seat” he gestured towards the seats after they shook hands.
Leaning against the wall trying to pick himself up to brush his teeth and taking a quick shower as rhodey and Friday make plans with his doctors.
“I'll never agree to be apart of this if i knew what hydra had planned, what you people did is inhumane and wrong no child should be used the way hydra want to use this one you're disgusting” mason said with disgust and hate in her voice.
“Pep are you trying to get rid of me because if so I'm hurt,” Tony says placing his hand over his heart as a mock gesture, he did need to talk to the king they had finally settled bartons family on a little private island under all radar with Ross still looking for them they weren't save long at any other place Tony had them but they were secure now although they missed clint he could tell so tony made a plan, a secure phone and plane would take Barton to his family and no one will find them, all he needed to do is get T'challa to give it to him.
So here he sits with the phone in his hand AGAIN, having an internal struggle whether he should or shouldn't call Steve and tell him, he wished he could just jump headfirst into his work and forget about it but since the checkup the doctor had told Pepper and Rhodey the baby was under somewhat stress probably affected by Tony stress and the battle of Hawaii he was sentenced to bed rest, not to mention Tony was two months away from his due date the doctors didn't want to take chances and neither did Pepper or Rhodey in which they banned him from the workshop and made sure Friday didnt allow him in, its ridiculous they were plotting against him J.J was ready but now he is stuck in the freakin bed for freak sakes he could scream.
“Okay maybe your right," Tony said interrupting Rhodey's ranting rendering the man silent“Maybe your right he doesn't need to know but i just...thought it would be better for her to have both her parents to be in her life to be there for her when she needs us”.
“WHAT” Tony burst out making the Dora standing straighter at attention because of the outburst “when and how you were supposed to be safe?” tony  paced back and forth the panic was clear on his face so something really bad must of happened.
Settled in the common room jean had left to get them beverages (Mostly tea since Tony couldn't have coffee) he had a buzzing almost like static sound in his ear he couldn't get rid of it was bothering tony and it was getting louder.
“bullshit your not fine, you think I can't see it you have more and more nightmare's then you had before, you have to talk to someone get help,you need help,not just mentally physically too we don't know what they did to you”rhodey hissed, as he got up from the bed.
“To tell you the truth tony I haven't been completely honest with you, the thing is I can't see inside your mind and to even attempt it would cause extreme pain" Charles explained the utter confusion on both of their faces speared him on“Tony you have an energy shield protecting your mind keeping out unwanted attention”.
“We don't exactly know what had happened but all we can say is we felt it,” Charles said for once Tony wished he could get quick and simple answers when did is life became a mystery novel, we don't know why but we'll figure it out dun duuun seriously he should start selling tickets maybe he'll earn back the money he had spent repairing the damage that the alien invasion or the Avengers had caused not that he needed it but with the way his life has been going its going to go from mystery novel to soap opera and the serious urge to bang his brains out was increasing daily.
“It's kind of complicates at the moment a plan is being formed and things still need to be straightened out due to a certain exposure that we spoke of before so nothing has been settled yet until we get the ball completely rolling,” Tony said.
“The orders were to get stark out before he delivers the weapon and that's what we're going to do” the guard assigned to the doctors spoke giving the guards weapon a glance a plan formed inside her mind.
With jeans arrival tony nerves had settled, Charles had a great idea he just didn't like having poked around in his head a lesson he learned well thanks to Maximoff.
Thinking back to his own childhood tony couldn't say he had the worst but he also couldn't say he had the best, with an always absent father Tony had substituted Jarvis as more of a father with his kindness and patients tony had someone to Confide in a best friend and he wanted that for his daughter someone that she could confide in and also protect her when she was in danger.
Placing his hands on both sides of Masons head Charles closed his eyes entering into masons mind, walking through the shield she had on her mind Charles felt n hum going through his body he left the memories be as he went deeper while the hum started to intensive, he neared the target he had been searching for feeling the vibrations as his astral body image appeared into a pure white room almost blinding Charles when he opened his eyes taking in the room Charles noted it was completely empty no image of a beloved place or anything just stark white emptiness.
“I know Rhodey but I’m not leaving her inside and I’m not leaving here without her period,” Tony said shrugging off Rhodey’s hand before stepping into the warehouse only to stop abruptly, there on the warehouse floor lay all the guards, mercenaries and agents of Hydra dead in pools of blood and mason was sitting in the middle tied in a chair and not blindfolded completely untouched no harm at all.
“Oh I know that’s the best part but you can upgrade and improve them, you can’t exactly upgrade a human” mason said her voice giving away the duh that she left out “but it would have been an improvement” she mumbled after and tony had to cover his mouth to keep himself from laughing watching her grow there were a lot of Steve’s quality’s that had shown in mason but he had been glad when a lot of his had shown too for one her sarcastic humor although she was still young she was grown in her age it surprised everyone.
Watching as the pleasure showed on Tony's face as he rode steve it was one of the most beautiful things Steve has ever seen and he knew he wasn't going to last much longer.
Disorganized to the point Charles started to get a migraine from trying to sort out some of the thoughts that went through his mind, the thoughts were going to fast for Charles to keep up with them and no matter where he dug himself in he always seems to get lost in starks mind, it was interesting and confusing all in one mind stack.
“Stark had made it to Xavier mansion, I specifically remember telling you to get him before he arrives, what happened”.
: Tony sweetheart what are you doing: Ana looked down at Tony with soft eyes: you are supposed to be In bed now go on:
Coming up with a brilliant idea tony turned and headed back where he had placed Masons bottle Tony knew how to lure Mason out she could never resist the baby choc milk tony had gotten her he didnt give it to her a lot due to the higher sugar contents but she loved it and tony couldn't deny her, coming to the table he had placed her milk on tony noticed one thing her milk was gone “Oh you little trouble maker” Tony said as he stared at the empty spot on the little table tony had placed masons milk on no doubt she had taken it just as his back was turned it was time he started searching again no matter how many times mason had disappeared tony still worried he didnt know where she could have gone but he guessed it was because of his fatherly instinct.
Having had enough with the restriction, Steve stood while lift tony with him setting him back on his feet making sure Tony was steady he shoved his pants down his legs kicking them off as he worked on Tony's pants shoving them down to, he gips the back of Tony's thighs lifting him up again, allowing tony's pants to fall on the ground and to wrap his legs around Steve's hips, crotch to crotch steadily grinding against each other.
“Please Fry think about it J.J is going to be your little brother you can teach him everything you know since he's connected to you please I need something too to do Fry or boredom will make me do stupid stuff and dangerous things to please” Tony pleaded he hated to put Friday in a rock and hard place but it wasn't partly his fault yes he did something he wasn't supposed to but he needed too and everything had gone somewhat right.
“We can't operate on him now he's only 8 months it's too dangerous for both of them,” The woman said the irritation was clear in her voice as she spoke.
“Alright, Mr. Stark could you tell me what had happened,” the doctor asked as he gently examines Tony's Stomach.
Heaving a sigh of relief “ Oh thank God ” the pure relief in peppers' voice was almost painful to hear if he didnt feel the same way.
“masons powers are quite complicated,” Charles said making tony halt that was not what he wanted to hear he knew she was powerful Charles mentioned so when he was pregnant with her but not complicated.
***jerking upwards breathing heavily he looked around the room there was no sigh of steve it was still dark out, looking  down at the mess he made on his stomach he groans “ it was all a dream” turning his head Tony looked at the clock hoping there may be some time for some more sleep when he saw it was 6:59 am “your fucking kidding me”
“Woah tony what the hell, please explain what just happened,”Rhodey asked he looked surprised as if tony just magically appeared.
Tony nodded gratefully at Charles as Rhodey rushed out a sorry, it wasn't his fault if the situation was reversed Tony would be worried to he knew pepper was worried too she didn't show much but Tony still catch the frown on her lip every time she turns to leave and after the whole Killian, Mandarin and A.I.M she had the right to be a little bit afraid, Tony had been able to stabilize the Extremis that pepper had running through her veins he wanted to take it way but it had already been a little too late, pepper and Extremis were now one and would likely kill her if he tried, pepper is one of the last people he wanted to lose.
“Due to recent term of events with is unknown to the public i have come to a decision, I Tony Stark is retiring from The Avengers and as Iron Man” Tony Announced, questions after questions were thrown at him light flashing in his eyes as the crowd went wild he waited a few minutes before he continued “I have come to this decision because the safety and security of my child is my biggest priority i am retiring to raise my child, colonel Rhodes and vision is still active avengers member and will be active at all time if needed i will take to the suit and help but other then that i am fully retired even though i am retired ill always be Iron Man thank you” as he walked down the paparazzi stormed tony if pepper hadn't set the extra security they would have broken through.
Heading towards the conference room, Tony had received a call from Ross stating it was urgent that they needed to meet and if Tony didn't go he would go to tony and he couldn't have that, so he made sure to hide his bulging stomach so it wouldn't look as if he was pregnant difficult task that is it was almost past eleven then Tony Arrived it was quiet.
It wasn’t a very sunny day although the sun did peak out of the clouds now and then the wind was a bit chili pepper had made sure to buddle mason up warm they walked around the park mason chasing butterflies with pepper and happy following behind her talking to one another.
“No, i dont think she remembers the only thing i got out of her was last night when she told me he was coming,” Tony told Charles.
“Outmaneuver her Tony,” Pepper said taking a sip of coffee while she waited for tony to catch her she didnt want to leave before saying goodbye to her Goddaughter but mason needed a bath first before she could go so she waited and watched.
Surging forward, hands out and grasping the sides of the toilet bowl and emptied the little contents of his stomach resting his head on the cool rim of the bowl he hears the door to his bedroom open he turns to heave the nonexistent contents into the toilet feeling a cold cloth being pressed to his forehead “I can't even stand the smell of coffee without gagging”tony sobbed
What had shield done for the Avenger since they went dark, what had fury done for the accords and most of all what had fury done to make up for his mistakes other than releasing all shields data and information out into the world for all potential enemies to get their hands on and in danger shields employes oh but that was exposing hydra, like there weren't any other most efficient ways to deal with hydra without killing everyone on their payroll.
Looking all around shocked he took the phone from T'challa “I dont know what to say thank you, your highness, but what happened to the farm”.
Mason bolted upwards in her bed her heart rapidly beating in her chest echoing in her ears covering her ears as she screamed, the voice repeats the words over and over again Powerful blast after blast of Energy expanded outwards making the tower shake with the force of it.
“Exactly, Erik, Jean was only Ten years old when her abilities manifested but now we have a child who used her powers to protect he father while she wasn't even born yet ”
“I can make it work papa look,” Mason said lifting her hand for him to see at first he was looking at her bare empty hand when a spark flickered into her palm before a glow of white energy started to form it was beyond beautiful a bright white light was bouncing in her palm while little flickers of sparks and lights were moving around the light and it was alive Tony felt it, Mason moved her hand towards the robotic puppy bot placing her palm against it, the glowing light seeped into the metal white vain like glow shone through the metal as tony watched it transform, the wires glowed and sank into the metal as it melted into a sleek liquid form shaping and reshaping claws sprouted from his paws metals plates shifting and sliding into place its floppy ears flapped around as it shook its head and barked honest to god barked its wired tongue lolling out dripping un unknown liquid as it drooled wagging its tail playfully making its butt move with it making mason giggle with joy “I’m going to call him Rex”.
Floating, it felt like he was on a cloud almost peaceful but there was a buzz almost like he jugged $58.000 worth of Dalmore 62 single Hiland malt scotch, he hated the unfocused feeling and the lack of coordination for better words his head throbs as he came too he realizes two things
A stabbing pain rocketed through his stomach while he felt the very first movement his baby girl made as she kicked him in the ribs he wanted to cup his stomach but he knew it would have given it away somehow so he gripped the chair arm as a breath gasp left him when he felt the movement again.
It pissed Tony off that Ross would use children to get what he wants he really needed to get rid of ross legally “even if he wasn't  there and even if he was, we are going to put the lives of innocent at risk so if that is all I have things I need to do”picking up his stark pad he made his way to the door he needed to get out he felt an uneasy feeling he didn't like.
As Tony went on telling them the story of his capture he felt a little at ease from finally talking about it he just made sure he left out the pregnant part he wasn't ready to talk about that yet, although he would have thought the professor already know about it and just be kind not to talk about it.
“yes let's get this over with,” Tony said as he opened the doors and walked through standing near the podium tony waited for pepper.
“Steve” Sam called out shaking away his thoughts, he looked around to see most of the Avengers were already gone and Sam was kneeling in front of him “you okay you've been zoning out for a while now”.
How had it came to this, never in a million years had tony thought it would Come to THIS, actually considering leaving his life behind and completely disappear he wanted what was best for his baby girl but was leaving best for her, he wished he had answers Tony knew it wasn't fair being Angry at Rhodey after all he gave him perfectly good reason to be worried Tony sure as hell hadn't been restraint in how he made his life choices and how it would affect others.
“I hate to be the bearer of bad news but our little escape artists have escaped,” Rhodey said pointing towards the empty high chair.
“Its nothing but may i come in,” T'challa asked politely walking in when barton moved aside “I've  wanted to wait till this morning to inform you but it's quite important, it's about your family” T'challa raised his hand stopping barton from talking he could see the panic and worry on his face a man worried about his family safety but didnt think twice leaving them to face the danger alone while he played hero forgetting before they had the protection of shield, now they were defenseless “nothing to worry about you family is safe, they are residing on a private island in the Philippines at the moment,” T'challa pulled out the phone in his pocket“This will take you to your family where you will be staying with them”.
“We may be able to help with that, one of my students here have the ability to manipulate memories also known as Mnemokinesis, he will be able to let you see and hear any memory you want to see, but only with your permission of course”Charles told him trying to reassure him he could say no.
“I can't just pick up and go Rhodey, yeah I understand me building another A.I can be worrying and if you really want me to stop just say so but where did all this come from, I have responsibilities, people I have to protect” Tony explained
Taking the advice tony chased mason around the couch before abruptly turning allowing mason to run into his arms, picking her up tony lifted her high up into the air making her burst into laughter the adorable laughs made tony heart sing with joy “ Come one sweet pea lets get you bathed and ready for bed your GodMamma wants to say goodbye before she leaves” tony said heading towards the bathroom.
“Very funny, come on butter bean the park should still be open for a little visit” tony said walking towards the door with Rhodey and pepper on his heels.
“Tones you were nonresponsive for almost ten minutes where did you go,” Rhodey asked after pepper giving tony an equal amount of worried stare.
So here Tony was putting on the suit much to Rhodey dismay but he understood pepper however was giving Tony an earful.
“The Accord that is now in place if you go through it you will see too many it's a jail sentence a way to back one in a corner to force one to do as the other says like you tell a doctor if he doesn't sign the agreement he can't save lives or a firefighter if he doesn't sign the agreement he can't put out fires in all scenarios people will die and then the people who lost the ones they love will blame the ones who couldn't do their jobs because they were told not too”
But now he had someone who depends on him to make the right and responsible decision and not only for his health and safety but hers too, the uncertainness was driving him crazy he had absolutely no idea how to be a father he didnt exactly have the greatest of role models, he was grateful he wasn't doing this alone.
“Yes Right,” he said ignoring the buzz at the back of his head, “ some strange things have been happening to me, i could do thing that i couldn't before and i didn't know why so, i did some tests and i found a mutant gene known by as the X-gene and i know that is impossible, i wasn't born with the X-gene, also neither one of my parents had the X-Gene well not that i knew of anyways”
“Son of a bitch” McCrawl yelped as he stumbled back feeling up his mouth with his hand a single drop of blood told tony he bit hard enough to draw blood giving him a rush of satisfaction but it didnt last long as McCrawl grabbed him by the jaw again “Your going to regret that stark, you know i wanted to go easy on you but it seems you wanna play rough” the cruel gleam in McCrawls eyes spiked tony's fear, oh god he was really going to get raped, tony struggled as McCrawl start undoing his uniform the sound of sippers echoed around the room told tony the other guards were going the same“Grab and spread his legs we dont want him kicking us when we have our fun” McCrawl said getting on the makeshift bed and between Tony's legs, tony kicked and tried to get away as far as he could until the other two guards came and grabbed his legs and another one started undoing tony's pants.
{Tony} Not yet but I'll stay in touch with the details, you just make sure you have that phone with you at all times.
Normally vision was accustomed to the whispers in his head to a point he doesn't even realize they are there although he hears them he deals with them but for once he is quite frightened by the utter silence in his mind, holding the child in his arms for the first time the mind stone was silent no whispers, no sound nothing but complete silence if he hadn't felt the stone in his head he would have wondered if he even had it, she was staring at him with her big brown eyes and toothless gummy smile as if he, himself was her most favorite stuffed teddy bear.
Suddenly tony felt like he flew pictures and colors and thoughts echoed in his head as mason allowed him into her mind but his sight stayed in darkness telling tony she couldn’t see, fear and sadness overcame his body as he felt her emotions, he felt no pain which was a relief it meant they didn’t harm her.
“Boss there is a group of people stuck inside a building on the western side of the monster” Friday informed Tony.
The utter shock and sadness that went through tony as he saw the life drain out of the doctor's eyes she wasn't a bad person she made bad decisions sure but he couldn't judge her he had his fair share of bad decisions that still bit him in the ass but she didnt deserve to go out like this and not for him.
“Thanks, cuddle bear take all the time you need right now we will find a way to protect her until then dont worry we got it covered on this end, kick their asses Godpappa” Tony chuckles ignoring the other man's glare.
“yes of course, anyways your highness mind, if i speak to you for a moment in private” Tony ask T'challa, he didnt needs to wait long for an answer as T'challa nodded, making their way toward the balcony it was secure with security roaming the premises also private nobody could listen into there conversation.
“Damn straight he will pay I’ll make sure of that” Rhodey says walking into the room fuming with anger,r “any leads to where she is”,
He came to realise that now that he was going to have a kid he needed to take care of him/her and he couldn't do that while being IronMan well he could but he knew that there was a big chance that one day he was going to either mess up and end up dead or they would be to much for him to handle and end up getting killed.
Looking at Rhodey back to the doctor tony asked “so when do you want to do this doc” trying to put as much as Confidence in his voice, trying not show the nervousness in his expression.
Shaking his head getting rid of the fog that had started to move in his head “Yes I'm fine, sorry about that i am fine” Tony said as he stood only to stop short as he started to sway, Rhodey stood with a rush grabbing tony helping him get steady.
“You know Steve your an asshole, what kind of person keeps the death of their parents from them ” Tony hissed as he stepped into Steve's space.
“It must be killing you that you couldn't find anything on me doesn't it Stark,” Ross says finally speaking up after the silence “Going through my past and my present activities but finding nothing must be a punch to your ego” tony didnt like the harsh glint in ross's eyes it made him feel uneasy the warning bells in the back of tony head was full frontal and throbbing he needed to leave.
“That is quite true but even when I was able to the mass amount of clutter that flowed from your mind was too much for me to grasp, other than finding you have an Advanced Enchanted Technokinesis based abilities I was unable to see or as much as understanding anything,” Charles said glancing back and forth Rhodey and tony
{Fury} It depends on which day you're asking me on stark but again it gets things done without all the political bullshit why are you asking.
“Are you sure you're talking about the same stark, you know Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, the guy who likes the attention too much to resist it that stark” Clint asked he looked more annoyed than shocked, Sam knew Clint was  having a problem because he couldn't see his family and it was hard on Clint but even for him stark retiring was odd.
“I'm fine just need to go for a walk, clear my head before Tony get here,” Steve explains as he stood he could see the concern in Sam's eyes but he just pushes it at the back of his mind.
Letting out a tired sigh “alright let’s go” Rhodey did know better to argue with tony with that tone so he let it go.
“Friday alert the Medbay we're bringing tony,” Rhodey said as he halfway carried tony toward the elevator on the way tony felt the pain ebbed away slowly he still felt it but it wasn't as bad as before.
He snorted no matter how many times he brought stark in here debroski always asked the same thing every time“ when doesn't he” he grunted as he strapped stark to the table “i would have been surprised if he came willingly” checking the straps to see if it was tight enough he turned to debroski,
“Nonsense Man,” Rhodey said gently placing mason in Vision's arms “just support her head if she gets upset rock her gently she already had her bottle so she should still be good there is diapers in her diaper bag also remember to rub her feet with cream her soles are sensitive” Rhodey babbled on has he instructed vision on how to hold mason it was Entertaining to watch the colonel go from soldier to mush.
Sagging into a seat steve rested his head back letting out a deep breath it wasn't long after he felt the jet land frowning they couldn't be back already straightened out steve looked around the jet only to find it empty and the ramp was open, standing he walked cautiously out of the jet on the roof of the Avengers tower the elevator door was open as well confused he turned looking for some sign of the other but nothing so he headed toward the elevator once inside the door closed and started up taking him to the only apartment that was on the console Tony's.
The moon shone light into the bedroom where mason lay fast asleep in her bed although it wasn’t a very peace full sleep as she rolled around almost trying to get away from the dream she was having as white snowy mountains and a train speeding down a mountain track flashed behind her eyes she watched as men landed on top of the train men she didn’t know all but two, her other father Steve Rogers and Uncle Bucky Barnes she couldn’t understand why she was seeing thing but she didn’t like it her papa had told her about her uncle and what had happened to him when he fell of the train, as the dream wen on fighting broke out and guns were shot her father and her uncle were inside the train fighting against men in black wearing a red skull with tentacles logo on their shoulder, her father in one part of the train and her uncle in the one behind him shooting and avoiding getting shot while her father was being shot at by blue beams of energy, energy that felt familiar jumping up grabbing onto a sliding rail he slid blocking his upper body from blows he kicked the man down before knocking him unconscious with his shield, he grabbed the energy gun and blasted a hole through the door, picking up his shield he run back toward her uncle glancing through the window just when her uncles gun run out of ammo he took out his weapon and open the door gesturing toward his gun he threw it at him and charged hitting the case pushing it forward giving her uncle the right opportunity to shoot the man down.
Walking through the corridor Dr. Stephen Strange and his associate wong went room after room to make sure everything was where it belonged after the whole Kaecilius debacle strange didnt want to take any chances but so far everything seemed to be in place as the exited the last room they had just checked a sudden burst of baby giggles and laughter followed there depart making them abruptly stop in there tracks.
Taking masons pinky in his own as childish it may seem tony felt as if it was deeper than any promise that he had ever made “I promise with everything I have to my every breath I take, my heart and the fighting strength and will of my soul I will always protect you and I'll never lie to you no matter how hard it is or how sad and hurtful the truth will be, and I'll always love you my beautiful sunflower ”kissing Mason on her forehead and gently putting her in the crib looking down at the beautiful baby girl he swore to himself that he will never drink a single glass of Alcohol again he needed to stay sharp and  focused to protect her, no one and he meant no one will ever hurt his Baby girl not as long as he's alive she will be safe and happy
I won't give out any spoilers but so you know i was this close to being right so close but nooo it didn't match the second name damn it i was thinking about changing it to those who understand what I'm talking about let me know if i should
“Boss, little Macie is emitting too much energy causing the door to seal” Friday explained Tony cursed again hitting the door again shouting masons name but with the rumble and the screaming she couldn't hear him.
“Yes I guessed I just needed a little me time” Tony lied placing two full stacked folder on the table.
The mere mention of Rhodes had Sam winching with regret as the memory of Rhodes fall tormented his dreams just like his best friend Riley's did he couldn't save Riley and he didn't save Rhodes if he just didn't roll out of the way if he just had taken the hit Rhodes would still have his legs.
“I'll explain later, at the moment people are looking for you and your kids they want to use you to get to your husband, we need to get you out of here”
Hi all sorry it been so long i have had this ready but didn't get a chance to update so for having to wait so long i am going to give you 2 yes 2 spoilers of the upcoming future chapters hope you enjoy.<3
“Patch him through sweetheart,” Tony said watching as Rhodey's face popped into view“ hay sour patch hows DC”. Tony asked Rhodey had gone in his place to talk to the president about the new council they needed him on board and seeing as Rhodey had the presidents respect more then tony Rhodey had decided to go which he was glad for because he really didnt want to leave his daughter so he was happy about the arrangements.
