It feels like a blade being pulled out of his throat. John growls to breath. He spits, his body shivers. He opens his eyes, one after the other. He doesn't see anything nonetheless. It's because it's dark. It's also because his head is imploding.
06:32 PM
11:52 PM
10:19 PM
John and Sherlock look at each other and the detective resumes, as cool as a cucumber.
"You really didn't notice he was different?"
"Who moved the body?" shouts out Sherlock, turning on himself.
Moriarty stops, turns around and leans on the telescope before he stares at the detective again.
I don't need imagination. I use deduction, which means I use real facts to make credible thoughts. -SH
“Will you be okay?”
“Don't you remember that from your driving lessons?”
"What the hell happened here?"
No, with my landlady and a man I'm working with, sometimes. -SH
is like. And bloody hell, it's not every day that Sherlock Holmes is touching his cock devotedly.
In front of the indoor pool, on the cold concrete covered with gum, a crowd of curious citizens were rushing behind a garish yellow ribbon, their eyes bulging despite the luminosity more than weak, made partially bestial at the mere idea they could admire a body laid down under a shroud, a man with handcuffs or just a little blood. More than once, Gregory Lestrade held himself back from catching onto one of those onlookers who put their dirty nose on a crime scene and making Lestrade realise that no, there was absolutely no pleasure in discovering a dead body. Luckily, the DI was professional. Most of the time.
Same. -SH
They're stretching out their glasses and Mrs. Hudson already rushes on her record player to play a jazz tune. Molly is lovely as always, she politely apologises to John for Andy's absence as he isn't able to come (a story of a new plants delivery that the doctor doesn't really listen to). She and Elisa are now sitting on the sofa and their laughs are invading the room.
kill him," he corrects.
"I understand. I won't get mad again that way."
Sherlock returns his smile before going into the kitchen from which he immediately comes back out of.
"Brat."
"Of course, this is why she told me to get out of her bedroom," John answers with an assumed laugh.
11:13 AM
"Deal."
illegal. She is 26 years old, it's not a problem of age. Is she a part of your family? No, impossible, with your skin and your physical features, which we find in Eastern Europe, and her freckles and fair skin typical of the North of Europe, you don't share blood - at least, not in the previous four generations, according to the shape of your metacarpi. Are you married? No, you're not wearing a wedding ring. Are you a close friend of the family? A friend of the father maybe? No, that wouldn't be illegal...
"N-Nothing, I was... Mr. Watson?"
"You will never guess who I saw this afternoon!" declares the blond-haired man, already cleaning his cup to have something to do with his hands.
"His musical taste?"
"Nothing... Well, me. My reflection. A bit twisted, but it's my reflection. But why would Sherrer have been looking at himself?"
He greets Sally by arriving in front of her desk, ignores her pitying smile and asks as calmly as possible, to not show her that he is breathless because he ran like a mad man:
He opens his lips again, ready to ask Sherlock if (his stomach hurts by simply thinking about this name) Moriarty could be responsible for all this, when Andy enters the kitchen in his turn with empty cups he apparently wants to fill.
The DI raises an eyebrow so low John feels so small.
"With me," Lestrade answers before catching his glass of champagne and emptying it slowly, mouthful after mouthful.
What did the police report say? Oh, right, Moriarty's nicknames. Johnny Boy for him and the Virgin for Sherlock. A man way too disturbed with an obsession for sex; what a pain. But John buries all those noxious details and pushes his lips a little bit more against the ones he refuses to think of as a virgin. It's his tongue that comes to knock over everything, escaping from his will. He wets the closed lips, caresses them lazily, ask them the permission to cross this carnal and emotional gate. The mouth doesn't answer and John sighs, his stomach crushed under a weight way too painful. His hand comes up to the cheek he caresses and as if he found the soundproof words, the lips open and ask for more.
"You got fired."
He feels he is slowly regaining consciousness, and even if he has asked three times that his flatmate be warned, he is still alone in his room, and patience isn’t one of his prime virtues. His eyes are riveted to the clock, which indicates 2.37pm; Sherlock must be worried to death.
John noisily puts his head against the sheets and sighs without restraint. Sherlock's hand settles on his flatmate's skull and he caresses it with his thumb. The doctor tries to convince himself that this simple finger is the nail preventing him from raising his head, because he wants to raise it so badly, he wants to look at what Sherlock is doing to him and he wants so, so many things, he
"Sorry," he sighs, moving back.
"We can buy an additional kettle and install it on your bedside table, there is a rather close power point," Sherlock starts again, as if speaking about a kettle is more important than settling the question which torments John, before the doctor hurries to answer:
“That's what I was about to do, John.”
Anna Sanchez? Too proud...
The London police officer's desks are emptier during this festive period. It's simple to understand; the most high-ranking and the parents of large families have their holidays, which makes the bachelors and newest ones jealous, and they hide behind the wretched paperwork they have to take care of during this time, the beginning of the new year. John is already knocking at Gregory Lestrade's door when he distinguishes through badly closed blinds two seated silhouettes.
I DON'T have a lazy brain, thank you very much. -J
The doctor raises his eyebrows and contemplates the keyboard which is waiting for the demonstration of a repartee he knows very weakly, and as if Sherlock knows what is going on in the small chamber of the second floor, he pursues:
"That's not the way you see it?"
The criminal offered him one last smile, full of honey and razor blades, and with a slow pace, worthy of the psychopath he was, he left the vast room, the suit covered by the reflection of the bluish water, dancing at the sound of a faint melody. It could have been beautiful, if everything wasn't this petrifying.
"You should rather explain to me what is going on, Sherlock," Lestrade grumbles by squeezing his fists on his papers.
“You didn’t have to come.”
"Holy fuck,
The detective finally closes the newspaper and gets ready to throw it away. John watches him bending next to him to aim at the rubbish bin and they are almost as close as when they visited Sherrer's flat; when Sherlock spoke to him about this control thing for the first time. They
11:19 PM
“150£ for one night...”
09:05 AM
John gets closer in his turn but keeps his distance nonetheless. His hand closes around the metallic guardrail as cold as his lips he's pinching. There's something surreal to observe the city like this. He feels so far away from all of this, as if he never was a part of it in the first place and something tells him he's not the only one to think this on the balcony. They don't hear a thing, they don't say a thing. It's their Mount Olympus.
"Right here..." answers a man, pointing out an empty seat right behind the body with, only a few centimeters away, a horn covered in blood.
"What? But the ballistics said that..."
"And during these f-five performances, he played the P-Préludes," pursues the witness, who doesn't even seem to hear the doctor asking him questions.
"I mean, because apparently everybody is controlled by something..." the doctor tries to explain by massaging his neck, hiding his face behind his forearm.
, Sherlock!” he screams again, but this time Sherlock's soul jumps with surprise.
me. And for Christ's sake, it's not any suspect..."
The agent gives a paper to the detective consultant, which he barely looks at, before giving it to John who almost puts his nose against it.
"Remember, she's the one who put us on Jared Steele's track by pointing out the fact that her sister was hitting on m... was
file is actually under construction. Information arrives in this file by the thousands every day, erases themselves, and complete each other or bump into each other, which often disrupts the hard drive. He tries to erase the
in which is published today the map of the concert hall. I recommend you to take a look at it, to guide you through this chapter.
He walks on the beige carpet to relax the muscles of his legs. Five minutes ago, Sherlock asked him to go settle down (five minutes which seem to be 23, as every time the impatience makes itself at ease in his brain like an impolite guest). He hesitates for a long time before deciding what to do with the door; he wonders if he should leave it open, closed, half-opened – a choice he eventually makes. There's no sound in the rest of the apartment except for the ceaseless banging noise which is driving him crazy.
The messages which display one after another on the screen make his teeth grind.
"You're getting crumbs everywhere..."
“So that's your problem then?! You don't want to go! Well, you know what, Sherlock? I don't wanna go either. I'd have loved to stay at Baker Street, I'd have loved that none of this ever happened. But what's done is done and we don't have a choice, do you understand? So, my
are going to listen. You might think that Sherlock is the kind of man of whom you can enjoy the company for a while before moving to something else, but you couldn't be more wrong. How do you think Sherlock became what he is today? By flirting here and there, enjoying some…
"You knew Mister Sherrer, then?"
They separate their mouths and by a silent mutual agreement they put their hands on the other's pants when, in the sudden silence of the room, a noise—light as the air—resounds a bit farther away. Sherlock raises his head and they look at each other without daring to move anymore.
"Sherlock is upstairs and John didn't return from the hospital yet. I'm a bit worried, he left quite early this morning..."
"And what post does she occupy?" suddenly asks Sherlock.
He sees Sherlock's shoulders lowering, as if he's down to his last ounce of strength and while John's ready to ask to him if everything is okay, he sees the detective putting first one foot on wooden floor, then the second. It takes no more than four steps before Sherlock is in front of him, and he puts his hands on his cheeks and his lips on his, before invading his mouth with a tongue which John thinks has never been more brilliant.
He puts his tongue on his lips and Sherlock takes advantage of it to defend himself:
"We needed something to represent the musicians," indicates Sherlock, vaguely waving a hand over his shoulder, eyes fixed on the wall.
"Well, who would have thought..." the detective smiles while the doctor's tongue slides out of his mouth and control to come and touch the tip. "My brave John, how do you keep surprising me?" he almost moans.
It's with an excessively suntanned hand that Barrow greets the doctor and even if he shows five of his fingers in a completely equal way, John only sees the prominence of the forefinger and the middle finger mocking him. His jacket on, his left hand holding his Oyster card which he had already taken out, John's invaded by an oppressive need to catch up with his boss in the corridor.
"I think we can say that, yes," confirms Sherlock with a nod. "Well, now that it is decided," and without further delay, the detective slides from his part of the sofa to John's lap.
"Thus, you got fired," concludes Sherlock, his eye again pressed against the microscope.
"Good, you have a mobile, but do you have evidence?"
Usually, people first ask about a possible heterosexual relationship before assuming one might be homosexual. -SH
“Can I borrow your credit card?”
He barely has time to open his lips again before Sherlock takes a step forward and they're so close the tip of their shoes touch and Sherlock's head is enough to prevent John's face from getting hit by the sun.
Both friends look at each other, frown slightly, and approach the car of which the bonnet is opened, hiding an unstable shape which seems to dance on the sizzling air that comes out of the radio.
"Do you have something to eat up there?"
"Why did you quarrel with your sister?"
"Sherlock?" John calls up by opening the door, and suddenly the detective leaves the window to pass in front of the DI, smiling.
What stands out when you set foot in the Royal Festival Hall for the first time is not the white lacquered ceiling, formed as waves which could have been cut by a knife. It's not the warm and yellow light which leaves little to the imagination. Neither is it the way the acoustics are conceived to wrap up most of the deafening noises to only highlight the purity of the best tuned instrument sound. What stands out when you enter the Royal Festival Hall is the smell of wood.
"Because I'm protecting you from the sun."
The lights switch off gracefully, like a candle flame someone would have blown, and John's eyes open wide. He turns his head and Sherlock does the same. They look at each other and it's useless to count on the lack of luminosity to hide the discreet smile on his face. It's clear that if Sherlock could have paid for the first class seats, John could have never done the same and his pride would have never allowed his friend to pay for him. So here they are, both seated on squeaking folding seats with cushions as soft as stones, but at least, they're seated next to each other. It seems to be enough for Sherlock. At least, it's enough for John.
You're working with someone? -J
Of course, John can't answer. He doesn't waste time and simply obeys. His jaw opens and Sherlock catches the base of his cock to sink in a bit more, and John suddenly realises that they
"Sherlock !"
"I beg your pardon?" asks the musician.
"Sherlock asked you to come?" John asks, eyebrows so high on his forehead that they seem ready to get lost in his fair hair.
, we'll plant them next week. You should come to see me one day, that would be
about it. I learnt the main thing."
“Fine. Goodnight then.”
"Philipp was a good man, indeed," answers Sherlock very seriously. "We cannot help wondering how this flat is going to survive without him - because it's clear with you always traveling all around Europe and you, incapable of even protecting yourself from getting jam all over your shirt, that you are not responsible for the perfect running of this flat."
"No, not
"Can I at least drown in my glass?"
, yeah, right..."
She still wears her beige coat, with visible sewings which are stuffed with fake fur, and her crazy hair is following the scarf she's taking off, because of the static electricity. It must be two years since they've last seen each other and it pleases the only man in the room so much, he can only wear a stupid smile on his face. He takes advantage when his sister's ex turns around to hang her coat on a hook and gives a look to Harriet, silently sending her the '
"I didn't say a thing."
"Well Doctor, this meeting has been very enriching."
Like a kid whose whim is ignored (and as he knows that he has no tangible reason for getting mad in front of his flatmate anyway) John persists in his crisis and bends to catch the object of offense, but he's stopped by a dry voice:
He presses his thumb on John’s bottom lip and almost growls:
Also,
Mrs. Hudson nevertheless insists on tidying up (by pleading that if she wasn't doing it, nobody would do it and it would be one more reason for her to keep the deposit check), but after the magnificent buffet she prepared for the detective, John doesn't have the heart to take advantage of any more of her kindness.
"... Because it is obvious that what you're missing, Sherlock, is..."
Heat on the tips of his fingers, against his palm. On his forehead, cheek. Sherlock's hands are holding him. Maintaining him. John, him, still can't feel his right hand.
Yeah but. -J
"Because I trust you."
," cuts off the brunet, standing on his feet across the kitchen table, with a straight face and eyes like magnets fixed on the older man.
He lives.
Oh, so this is it.
"Quite small. And fat. He were walking strangely."
"First, you're going to sit down."
"Can I take the bathroom?" he asks with a hoarse voice.
I'm tired of talking about me, Sherlock. -J
There.
08:45 PM
"Hello, John!"
?" asks Sherlock.
The doctor takes one of the frames to inspect it. In the center of the picture, hands join with others, he recognises the man of whom he saw the brain, and seeing him now smiling under the spotlight is a vision way more joyful. Sherrer is a bit younger, unless the make-up makes him look so. He has a crown made of fake leaves and a beige suit on which small branch has been sewn - which seems very unpleasant to wear. All around John there are about twenty pictures, some of them taking place backstage, all centered on Philipp Sherrer, sometimes dressed up to a point where he's unrecognisable.
"What are we doing here?"
The detective breathes in loudly and John, up on the cliff, sees the wave of anger gathering near the boat where Sherlock heaves dangerously.
He raises his head, discovers a long shelf, and sighs mentally, realizing that it's ridiculously high. With his right hand, he grabs the cupboard door while he stretches his left to try to catch at least one jumper. Too high.
"Funny idea, to organise that at a concert, especially during the interlude. But you had to cancel it, right? I don't see how you would have been able to continue:
"Please
"But we'll see each other soon."
After the interval where John treated his thirst by discovering the 33cL water bottle cost £5.50 at the reception's bar, Sherlock and John got back to their seats before the lights died away again.
?", smiles John, putting back his hot cuppa, quoting the words they read once in a bottom-end article coming from a tabloid even more bottom-end, when the royals gossips weren't as satisfying as before, the detective and his acolyte becoming suddenly the centre of their attention.
The hands finish their meticulous movements and release him. John doesn't know where they are right now, in the infinite space which his body isn't using, but it's not really possible to break contact with Sherlock's eyes.
"Sherlock," he moans eventually, rolling his arms around the detective's neck and laying on top of him.
The doctor half-opens his lips but he only has to nod his head to answer
"Nothing, the photos are useless..."
"No," he answers straight-out. The question was easy; he has no merit.
“Because he asked you to?”
Truth is they never talk about him. It's because his face haunts John every time he closes his eyes that he can't stand to hear his name when he's awake. The day, despite the pain, he can laugh about Mrs. Hudson story about her mouses problem or with Benjamin and his unique humor. At night, when he wakes up covered with sweat, his mouth is sealed, holding back behind his teeth screams he can't shout out. Sherlock holds his hand, literally, in the air. It's psychological but it allows John to think he's not falling anymore, that someone caught him. That the pain, which is now living in his body since he crashed on the ground, never existed.
"Blimey, even my chin hurts me. Can I have a mirror or will I scare myself?"
"If John says he's fine then
"Keep reading," Sherlock simply states, voice low and ardent over his breastbone.
"Paganini, Concerto no°2 in B minor?"
"You really thought it could end well?"
"Scary thing, isn't it? To be vulnerable, I mean. I guess it's what attracted me to you, since the beginning actually, the way you seem out of reach. Invincible," the doctor murmurs in return.
"Thus, he falsified his visa," concludes the detective, apparently highly irritated to not have understood it before.
"That will not be useful," Sherlock answers very naturally, waving his hand.
What about you? -SH
She nods with energy and gets up, puts the handle of her bag back on her shoulder, and thanks John for his consideration with a discreet smile. She gets ready to come down when she looks at them, and it's with this simple gesture that she makes them an oath:
“John?”
"Sherlock's coming," John repeats at the question from Sheri, even though he doesn't have the slightest idea.
"Good evening, Sherlock."
“I must confess I highly enjoyed watching you suspect so insignificant people, while only Sherrer mattered. The night I met him he told me this tiny little thing, as poky as his willy - that I never saw but I always imagined to be minuscule - he said, ‘
because there was nothing to say anyway. This trip is useless. Really. It's a waste of time, a gigantic joke to which he agreed to take part for John, Lestrade, and those non-stop clients that were asking him to come. So they have to go to the Isle of Skye before Wednesday, no matter if there's no killer to chase.
"I knew that I could count on you. Well, on you, John, in particular."
“Never frighten me again like this.”
"He's an adult, stop coddling him and let me finish my interrogation."
They are not just words, it's a fable, a fucking therapy. It's succeeding in telling John,
"Yes, of course. Mrs. Hudson will be here around four. She's going to bring me some clothes."
"Ehm... three. I guess."
The answer comes as a flare of his nostrils and John is convinced that if he were a dragon smoke would come out of them. Oh, how this pride makes him want to organize a meeting with Sherlock and his fist, stronger than ever.
He gobbles up the rest of the reddened bread in his mouth and they run together toward the car, still parked close to the B&B.
As he had already done a thousand times before, John signs the prescription before giving it to the patient in front of him. The teenager carefully reads it and raises his red nose -from too much blowing- toward the older man:
They cross the museum on the first floor where is presented the collection of clocks and pocket watches, and the
"I doubt it."
I'd say he died 45min ago. -J
for her amazing comments that pushed me to translate this chapter (the first half has been translated by
John has an appointment at Scotland Yard at noon, to talk to Lestrade and a Swiss leader of the secret services about the surveillance of Moriarty these last months. Sherlock won't go, of course, because he doesn't see the point of such a meeting and, by the precision with which his darts touch the middle of Sherrer's forehead, John won't insist for him to join.
Today John smiles a lot and Sherlock likes it. He is not afraid anymore of a golden chipset incorporated into a plastic piece. He doesn't even ask him to see his driving license. They don't speak, in fact, and that is somehow... relaxing. It's good for once, to have some rest, even if his eyes are open, and see and understand everything.
And maybe it's because of the lady's perfectly managed hip movements but John feels subjugated, aspirated. She doesn't see him, for sure she doesn't even know he exists, but there's something about her that attracts him like a hook that's gotten under his skin and that he knows would get him out of the calm and gentle water that he's hiding in. Little by little, the pub disappears; the coarse laughs, the alcohol and sweat, until there's only the woman and her hips left. She moves and moves again, hypnotises the doctor and it makes him want to see more. It's not sexual, it's not her body he wants to discover, but what she's
!" John shouts with a crazy laugh and it's what definitively kinks the detective who roars through the room:
"It's a question of domination and submission."
“Then he'll assume something is not okay.”
“Do you know what time it is?”
"Well, thank you," smiles Gregory, who takes advantage of this unique chance to receive a compliment from this brat he's taken care of for a few years now. "That's right, how do you know that?"
"I know, Gregory. I only have three days left to resolve this case anyway."
"He needs help to throw his sofa away."
"Well, we shall continue this conversation later, but I am delighted to have the confirmation that you are at five," the detective suddenly decrees, getting up, and maybe it's John who transmits onto his friend, but it seemed he heard a hint of disappointment in his voice.
"Of course."
They are in the middle of the movie, and after some time the little jolts as they watch eventually let them slide a little farther together until their shoulders make contact and their knees touch insistently. Sherlock bends from time to time to pick John's small tomatoes, which takes offence no more this kind of plunder. When James Stewart enters the Royal Albert Hall on the small screen, both roommates share a smile.
“Not in the least,” answers the inspector, slamming the book before pushing it away.
08:36 PM
"Stanford & Wells? Well, shit. I hate it when we have to question lawyers, they always find a way to get by without answering any of our questions."
"It smells like... curry?" he tries with a shrug of eyebrow.
"Okay, take that off now, you'll be cold when you'll get out otherwise."
"Miss Walsh, hi, I'm John Watson."
11:05 PM
Against all odds, no day following Christmas had ever been so warm. There's always a certain immediate melancholy after opening our presents, emptying wine bottles and embracing the family which we'll not see again for a while. A small thought of spoiled children, enlightened by the flame of a despondent candle, which makes us think "one more year before next Christmas". But no, not this time. Sitting at the kitchen table where slices of buttered toast are quietly waiting on a plate, John mindlessly smiles while slowly swirling his cup of tea, perfumed with cinnamon and ginger. In front of him there's the very approximate origami which Greg created with his paper towel, where glitter which Mrs. Hudson has sprinkled on is sparkling brightly . Baker Street isn't totally out of this festive spirit and this sort of cocoon which still smells like cookies and slowly dying chimney fire makes John drunk from a crazy need to enjoy every moment.
. It's strange, and also sad, to think he had to wait for thirty year to find what really makes him happy in life.
who lets himself being guided!"
"Those are the ups and downs of the job," apologises Sherlock vaguely with a nod.
"We're currently questioning the suspects, but we haven't caught our man yet."
. It would be only logical you had slept together,” he whispers as low as possible not to bring attention to them, because it’s out of the question that Mrs Hudson even dreams of butting in at such moment.
"I don't know if 'controlled' is the word, Sherlock..,"
Slowly, the detective's fingers release their possessive pressure around the fair hair, before resting the head against the sheets. They seem to both find the use of their bodies (incredibly broken, seeing the slowness of their movements) and Sherlock boldly wipes off his hand against the blanket before sitting down without a lot of grace near the head-board, which bangs one more time against the wall.
He weakly smiles to the doctor and wheels to another small table, thanks to his chair, on which he's looking for something. John turns around to see Sherlock. He contemplates the profile, all his tall body turned to the door at the end of the room, but his hands are still in his pockets.
It's almost eight o'clock and, hearing the night shift personnel walking in the corridor, he gets up and puts on his jacket. He hardly has time to put his hand on the latch before the door of his office opens wide.
and impossible roommate, I'm asking you for the last time: do you want to talk about it?”
"They're starting to realise. The psychology unit has been called."
"Okay, you lost..."
And maybe it's because Sherlock reads in his spirit (which would explain
"Oh, nope. I just turned my head quickly, you know. I didn't know someone got shot. I had no idea they could be guilty."
John automatically turns his head to Sherlock because Moriarty is only speaking to him, but he shakes his.
"Does that mean you're beginning to trust me?"
Not "how" as in "with which part of you body / with what possible help / which position / in which room", but we only saw each other once, how could that be enough for your mind to guide you through a carnal pleasure, with an orgasmic purpose on the short or medium term? -SH
"Should the two of us finish the bottle?" Sherlock offers, bending towards John who automatically stretches out his glass to him, thanking him with a smile.
They spend an infinite time taking out and reading all of the scores. They wear a smile every time they read the name of Liszt, which is definitively recurring, and they think about Benjamin. John hopes that Sherlock will thank him for his help. There is no doubt he will thank him himself.
like to hit on old men."
need you, I will take care of this case alone!"
"Sherlock?" asks Lestrade, turning toward the called on, who is already buttoning up his coat.
When he puts his fingers on the hard cock for the first time, he feels this sort of knot at the bottom of his stomach which had already made its appearance when, at the back of a tent lost in the middle of Wales, John touched a man for the first time during his military training. It's a knot which has the pain of prohibition, the color of transgression and inevitably, the perfume of desire. A knot which built up in his entrails every time he heard his uncle call the bookseller from down the road
"Look at me," he imposes in return, in a very quiet voice.
"I am not hitting on him!" retorts Sheri, perfectly outraged.
"No, what I propose to you has nothing to do with what happened between us those last few months."
He has the voice so soft that it is like a cotton cave where John could hide entirely. The blond-haired man puts his fingers on the bottom of the top; the right hand on the left side and conversely, before he begins to raise it, centimetre after centimetre, heartbeat after heartbeat. He slows down instinctively when the tank top passes in front of his face but the position is unpleasant and he cannot let Sherlock observe him without seeing him in return. Then, he removes it and sends it along with his shirt in a barely perceptible noise.
, thinks the doctor. Nonetheless, Sherlock is the one who took the car keys from Greg's hands before even thanking him. This mainly due to the fact that he did not thank him.
The brown-haired man slowly crosses his arms against his torso, before raising his chin obstinately. He leaves the boxes of condoms on the floor and seals his lips with a cold attitude which automatically makes the oldest one open his:
“Oh! What a splendid bouquet, it’s rare to find those kind of flowers in London!” he says with delight.
Slowly, Sherlock leans on the armrest. He doesn't remove his hand from John's influence but the doctor still understands, without needing words. He spreads his fingers to undo his soft grip and, skin against skin, Sherlock's fingers slide against his. Their gestures have the slowness of the first time, the falling taste of prohibition. Their palms make contact finally John has a timid smile when he feels the soft-looking skin of the youngest one rubbing against his and finds that it is actually rough. Old, almost.
"Good evening."
“Come,” Sherlock calls, already walking to the observatory.
Hi everyone! A billion thanks to
under their buttocks and John has a moved thought for his armchair back at the clinic.
10:16 PM
had learnt that he didn't have the right to work here anymore, he would have been fired and sent back to his country..."
"I hope you found something," Lestrade mutters.
"So, you're a florist?"
"He couldn't get it," Sherlock says.
When Sherlock pushed the door to get onto the first floor and John discovered above his shoulder the living-room was already lit by the few lamps that were still turned on, the doctor let out a deep sigh which moved his entire being. His respiration was a step fiendishly complex, always vital but sometimes so painful. John had lost his breath once, his face buried in the sand, his shoulder bleeding and the pain reigning on all his body. He swore to himself he'll never live through something like that again.
"I'm not asking about Sherrer, but about you."
"... I was thus saying, before John interrupted me, I use it for my work experiments. It has already helped me for quite a lot of cases."
"I don't know who you think you are, but I will not let you finish in these conditions. You owe us a minimum of respect."
In the silence made wet by Steele's pearls of sweat, there's only the noise of the creaking door when Sally brings in one cup which she puts on the table. She never makes coffees, it's a matter of principles, but if that allows her to glance at a suspect, she'll never complain about it. It's something that Sherlock would be capable of and John carefully avoids evoking the comparison by jumping on the coffee which he had the good idea to command, after his sleepless night.
I read something about that. The first child struggles to survive in the family. He's the kind of person who is calm, who hates changes, who likes a certain kind of order. The last child becomes the favorite despite himself. The last child has facilities to express himself. He's often rebel, tyrannical. In short. -J
The hand the doctor sinks into the black coat pocket brings out a white powder bag he wished he never saw again.
"Sorry. And the second thing?"
"Masterful?"
"It's oppresive how she refuses to speak about it while, clearly, we all know it," replies John, bewildered.
"Clara?"
“Even if it's useless.”
when it could have been
I'm almost done -SH
"Could you recognise him if you saw him again?"
"She asked me about what I was working on."
Apparently, it's a contest of who will know the ceiling better tonight as Sherlock rolls his eyes so much John feels the need to do the same.
This time, Sherlock is the one that hangs up.
"All right, people began to shout and what did you see?" intervenes Sherlock, nevertheless with a quiet voice.
, yes. For sure, we shall not say that he is
"Never hear of what?"
I'd like to say a HUGE THANK YOU to the people who commented and who comment in general. You guys are the fuel that makes this website lives. Without you, FanFiction couldn't carry on.
"Thanks, sir," says the teenager without a second glance, but John doesn't answer - how could he say something when the kid is slipping on his thin shoulders, without shivering, a
No, John would be angry, disappointed, sad, and even jealous. Sherlock still has much to learn about human relationships, but John's attitude in the presence of the Woman was the easiest to decipher. When the detective only saw Cartier earrings and red lipstick applied fourteen minutes earlier by an external assistance (a woman, given the precision of the brush on the lower lip), John only saw BoobsBreastsNipplesBoobsBoobs
. He pushes a bit more on his legs, feels his heels coming loose of the ground and doesn't really hope to keep one ounce of dignity because Sherlock saw him on all fours and now on his tiptoes anyway.
“John?”
"It just got impounded. Good day!"
"Sherlock, wait."
He lowers his small snub nose, crushes his chin against his light grey jumper, and looks at the telephone which he holds only halfway out of his pants pocket. It would be enough to send a text to show to his sister that he hasn't forgotten her, with excuses in halftone, but it's easier said than done. With a quick movement, he throws the mobile on his bed and comes down to join Sherlock and their guest.
Is there a problem between your wife and you, John ? -SH
"Then, you have a relation of coital order with a woman 25 years younger than you. You could be her father, Angie Walsh was right, but we are not here to judge the moral problems it could bring," he concludes by getting up."Lestrade, we're done here, it's not him who killed Sherrer. Now, John, shall we go home? A good nap is imperative, don't you think?"
"Three."
"Change of topic?" he proposes, with a slightly pinched voice.
"It is just that I did not have time to take care of it," Mycroft corrects, raising his nose in a haughty movement.
Do you need help? -J
"Well Sherlock, you got the unexpected."
The two men turned around and by the swing door's little porthole, the black helmet of Scotland Yard's best men allowed the doctor to take a deep and painful inspiration. With a sharp gesture, Gregory Lestrade pushed the double door open and sighed noisily - a relieved or weary complaint, nobody could have known. John looked at the police team invading the surrounding areas, sadly too familiar with all that was happening, pulling a face when the black boots make the tiles dirty with mud from the outside, when the DI's voice shouted:
"You know Elisa?"
"Higher," a lascivious voice murmurs extremely low, because Sherlock put his lips on John's ear, then leans a little more on tiptoe without waiting.
"And what did you do during the interlude?" he asks, and if that makes Steele's eyes lower at least that makes those of Sherlock turn to him.
. Also, I'm sorry for the late update. As you may have heard, things have been quite difficult in France those past weeks, so I didn't have time to translate much. Now that it's done, I hope you'll enjoy chapter 10 :)
His roommate clears his throat and presses his fingers on the screen to read the message.
"Champagne."
They're now stretched out across the bed and the air seems to split with all the heterosexual feelings that John Watson was able to keep in a corner of his head (or in any other part of his body) these last few months. It's easier, in a way, that Sherlock isn't looking at his crotch because his erection has gotten even harder since he took place over him. It remains to be seen if it'll definitively faint when Sherlock finally touches him.
The pressure on his wrists is stronger and John knows the wind didn't swallow his words this time. Closer to things, they talked for the first time.
With John's head tilted this way, the eye contact broken and facing the ceiling, he feels the need to breathe heavier and heavier, everything to do as he is told...
"Not at all! It was the first time I went to the Royal Hall festival."
11:46 PM
"I was at the clinic. Since Sarah is on sick leave, they are under-staffed, so... " smiles John, his thumbs uselessly pointing behind his shoulder.
"He was following the conductor when the bullet drilled into his skull and exploded the parietal part of brain. The murderer was just next to you, you couldn't miss him. What happened on the row behind the stage during the concert?" barks Sherlock, tilted forward to Benjamin, both hands on the DI's desk.
Benjamin has the necessary intelligence to understand that it's the closest thing to an apology he can get. He follows his mother and Lestrade up to the ground floor. John closes the door by sighing noisily, to try to calm his heart, and turns around towards his flatmate.
John turns around as if lightning has touched him and Sherlock is here and John breathes. Sherlock ignores everyone, fixes his eyes on his roommate’s and gets closer by five steps before kneeling before him. He raises his hands, ready to put them on John’s, but stops a few inches away and rests them on the armrests instead.
"Well, I didn't think of having this conversation with you one day but thank you. I thought you were more the kind of man to avoid this kind of thing."
"I think we can say that he nailed it."
Don't get mad, John. -SH
"Can you feel them when I do this?"
Sherlock gets tense and John thinks it's a good moment to pull out his gun, to tell Moriarty he won't let him go this time, that this nuts will spend the rest of his days in a padded prison. Maybe Sherlock could also threaten him to pull the trigger, just a bit, just to try to make him understand what it's like to feel you might die. But Sherlock doesn't move and John doesn't even know if he took his gun.
Anna Sanchez opens her eyes and for the first time that day, the dry botox of her cheeks lets perceive an appearance of human reaction: a touched smile.
is hiding from me. John, get dressed!" Sherlock exclaims suddenly, getting up and pushing away the cover enough so that John is exposed for two embarrassing seconds.
, Mycroft is
Finally dressed, John goes out of the wet bathroom and discovers his joint flatmate in the kitchen, standing next to a table on which he put a newspaper which he goes through with two delicate fingers. His right hand around a steaming cup, the brown-haired man just raises his eyes to greet the newcomer.
The doctor slightly shakes his head and doesn't answer this time before saluting the landlady and climbing the creaking stairs.
"I did what you couldn't do."
And the door opens and Sherlock springs out, snatched by a shape which attracts him in the corridor. John jumps up in his turn, hears before he sees his gun falling and congeals on the spot, seeing his flatmate stuck to the wall, caught by the throat by a muscular forearm:
The word gives him a shiver which makes him shake up to his fingers.
"I don't think so. She would have given us
"We were together in college. It's great to see you, it's been a while."
"Greg, is it true? You're not working on the case anymore?" John asks calmly, passing a hand over his sweaty forehead.
"You could have text me, or anything a bit less..."
"Sherlock, we're going to get chucked out."
11:34 PM
"I don't know, I haven't gone out yet," John curses, looking at the hour on his mobile: 8:22 am.
“Calm down, Sherlock...”
"... Is it a joke? You? And
"What?" Sherlock whispers.
"I asked Sherlock to take care of a small case for me."
His vision is still not clear but he recognises Sherlock's face above his. Sherlock doesn't answer anything so John (despite the tedious burn crossing his back from his neck to his rib) turns his head on his right. He squints on his shoulder then his arm and sees a black mass instead of his wrist. And his fingers still won't move.
"I hate it when you are melodramatic."
"Well, hello big sister," he murmurs, grabbing a chair which he scrapes against the lino ground to take a place next to Harry.
"Yeah, I'm thinking and I..."
"And that worries you?"
"It does just the opposite," John smiles, putting a friendly hand on the driver's shoulder. "It's time to go. Do you take the Tube?"
"Because that's what I ordered you to do."
"Oh for God's sake,
"Then you better go back to your place and call his lawyer," advises Sherlock, already moving back to show her the stairs.
Sometimes, I don't know who I am anymore. -J
Sherlock stops, turns around, smiles at him and quickens his pace again. John is really in no hurry to climb that high.
"It is from here that the smell comes..."
"Are those my ties?" John suddenly realises, catching one.
The smell is persistent. That's what wakes him up. He needs to hurl. He opens his eyes again and it's still dark. Everything is so wet. And cold. He's still lying on the ground and this time he understands what his body is squeezing: hundreds of purple flowers surrounding him. How ironic.
"I do not accept you yelling this way, do you understand?"
tell the director we needed a gate to prevent them from coming too close from the flowers…”
He goes into his room, visits it in only a few strides and goes out again in the corridor where Sherlock is already standing, hands in his big black coat pockets. They look at each other and smile politely. It does not have the charm of Baker Street, but there was no way they could have driven during the night - John is still not even sure Sherlock has his driving license.
Why don't you ever answer my questions? -SH
"At the end of the month yeah, the case will be given to another hub. We were too slow, plus with the press that got involved, it became political..."
“What?”
growling like thunder as if they were facing the crocodile in Peter Pan is going to drive them crazy. During the day, when the visitors hurry by hundreds, the brouhaha is enough to cover the sound the tiny hands squeak. They try to open several doors which are closed and start to run even if it’s killing the doctor’s shoulder. When they finally find the spiral staircase made of stones, supposed to be closed by a rope covered with red satin, Sherlock steps over it and John takes of the snap hook to be able to pass, before closing it behind him. Here they are, running to the inevitable.
"Sheri," John calls up as if he is talking to an old friend. "Everything is going to be okay. It's easier for us to question you separately. Are you willing to tell me what happened that evening, please?"
“I'm not lying, I'm-”
wear an acrylic coat.
"Translation?" asks the blond man, slightly lost.
"Yes, we arrived a bit earlier, so that Benjamin could sit down without having to disturb the other spectators and we remained seated during the interlude. I have a vague memory of the people sitting next to us but I saw or heard nothing suspicious..."
And when a murder happens in front of him, and it takes him months to find the murderer? I might have been able to keep it under control if that imbecile hadn't decided to piss off the entire world at the same time! Did you know, Sherlock, that Doris Cox pressed charges against you for breaking into her place last month and that it's been weeks that I've been covering for you? And do you actually believe that I don't know that you were the one who falsified the prosecutor's request to free Steele from custody? And honestly, I would have been able to have your back a bit more if you had only proof, a testimony, anything, but you found nothing, Sherlock! It's gone too far, it has to stop."
11:08 PM
, Sherlock would find it all boring. They had discussed the idea of taking the train, but once they arrive the use of a car will be essential. Greg immediately offered his own, and none of them had the decency to pretend to politely refuse.
"I haven't used condoms for some time because there was no opportunity for me to do so. So, of course you're going to buy a box - or two, why not - but not the
"What did you just say?" he asks, decomposing every syllable.
"I'm done here," he answers before leaving the kitchen and disappearing into the hallway.
08:35 PM
It is stupid; they are only words and for a soldier who went to war, it is not a set of consonants and vowels which will put him on the ground like that, but that touches a point in his stomach so deep it seems miles and years away from what he really is; and yet, that calls into question
"What do you think of Jennings?"
"Graham..."
"Erh, okay..."
"Don't move."
Oh my gosh, 101 kudos and over 2300 hits! You guys are the best! Thank you so much for your amazing support. Extra thanks for those who are commenting - you inspire me so much dear readers :)
John has a bright smile, slightly shaking his head while he takes his fork back in his hand to finish his plate. In an almost religious silence, they're looking at the scene where Jo McKenna, motionless, follows the killer's shadow with her eyes, her husband running in search of the good box. The doctor can't help himself, he has to glance at his flatmate and the way the crystalline eyes are slightly bulging. How the eyelids aren't blinking once proves that the Hitchcock tension affects Sherlock Holmes just like any human being. On the blanket he pulled up to his legs, Sherlock rests his right hand, and John has the very primitive desire to wrap it in his.
“What does reason have to do with anything?” asks Sherlock while looking at him.
"See you tonight."
"John…"
"His name is Tim, and he's six years old. It's been a year since his mum and me divorced, even though it's been years since I've been able to stand her. I don't give a damn 'bout her, she can bleed me all my cash or the flat my mum left me, but I
"Who is your boyfriend?" clarifies Sherlock, still pretty calm.
kill him!"
06:14 PM
“You know nothing, John! And I know because he, he...”
“I’ve slept alone in a hotel room, John, I know the mechanics. I have to empty every whisky bottle from the mini-bar into the sink, buy the pornographic movies and turn up the volume to its maximum, burn the sheets, and steal all the guest soaps.”
The small ruler which Sherlock presses near the musician gets up to the back-scene. On the last rows, the figurines of Steele and Sanchez are pushed away by two flicks.
And it's not a question, but
"John," Clara calls up with a firm voice. "I think Harry will be better in Southall. I just have to call Todd and she'll be able to go there."
And Sherlock seems to believe it so much John's soul breaks into pieces. He turns around when he hears his name and sees the receptionist is giving him a notebook and a pen.
There's no one else than you who stimulates me, John Watson. -SH
weapon. When did you both come into my room?"
Sherlock's phone burns his hand; he drops it, passes his sleeve under his nose to mop up the annoying blood and looks at his feet where the bag John just threw has landed. He refuses to think this is where everything is coming from, because if everything is coming from this, then Mycroft is really laid down on the stainless steel table, and if Mycroft is really laid down on the stainless steel table, then Sherlock is
"I think he prefers not to get shoot by 9mm bullet every two years," Sherlock reluctantly answers.
How can that be?” asks John in a confused chortle.
10:20 PM
John breathes in deeply when the crop goes back up along his forearm, coils up in the hollow of his elbow, before continuing its way up to his collarbone against which it stops. He follows the black tip with his gaze, and even if he doesn't look directly at him, he feels Sherlock walking around the table before standing in front of him. Sherlock waits while John dares to raise his eyes and slightly tilt his head to his left side and murmurs:
"Very well."
"Harry would never bear being in a private hospital. You know her, if there are too many people, she becomes aggressive. And I could go to see her more easily in Southall."
“What bouquet?” he asks, wrinkling his nose.
the first time Sherlock has invited a witness from a case back to their home, that doesn't prevent John from almost choking when he sees the state of the living room.
"Well, of course I've adopted you, two kids like you without any family to spend Christmas with, I wasn't going to allow that!" Mrs. Hudson is deceitfully outraged before winking at John, who asks quite immediately:
, repeats the voice of the Woman. The
Or a lie.
The driver quickly puts back his hat and pushes away the doctor until they're changing streets. He raises his collar and murmurs coarsely:
"Sherlock, did you see the..."
The look he's scrutinizing is not a child's; the boredom gave away to a silent storm, intangible but oh so very expressive.
05:23 PM
10:59 PM
The place wasn't too hard to find; a quick glance on TripAdvisor and John guided the both of them on the city's heights. The house is kind of cool, concentrated on two levels, but the view is its real trump. From the shared living-room, you could see the sea and Skye. That damn island where they'll have to go tomorrow. Four days, it took four days for them to get there. It's shameful and John is certain Greg will make fun of them when he arrives. He’s occupied on another case; however, he told them he would come. It wasn't necessary, but he insisted.
"I c-can speak about the concert," intervenes the youngest one with a stuttered but perfectly clear voice.
"Jennings? What are you doing here?"
When we'll see each other again, you'll have the confirmation that my brain can follow yours. -J
Craig Jennings? Too stupid...
10:58 PM
am fine. Nothing exploded, I still have all of my body parts tied together. The only consequence of tonight's events is that I won't ever be able to listen to the Bee Gees without getting sick, but I think I'll be okay."
"I am going to go make us this bloody tea, but when I come back, I am going to attach your wrists to the bars of the..." he stops, turns around to notice that there's no headboard or any bars, sighs, and starts again, irritated, "my bedroom is
John's dandling his head, a vague movement which neither means
” Lestrade almost barks, his upright finger between their bodies, and it is clear from his voice that Gregory Lestrade is a Dominator. “I have no idea how you can come up with such crap, but Sherlock and I never dated, is that clear? We lived together for about two years, but nothing happened…  Well, something almost did, once, but that’s all.”
He stretches out his long legs, dusts his knees off with grace, and puts the condoms boxes back on their shelf before hiding his hands in his pockets again and leaving the department in a rustle of fabric noise. John gets up, too, alone; it's a bit stupid to remain seated on the floor. He tidies up the boxes that he gathered in his turn and doesn't really hesitate before putting one (simple and blue) in his basket. With his free hand, he hides his mouth while coughing soberly and accelerates his steps up to the cash register where Sherlock is waiting for him. He just has time to take out his second jar of cream from his basket when his mobile vibrates.
John smiles and leans too:
John nods once and doesn't rekindle the conversation; a delighted Anderson is never a good sign for the detective and John chose his camp a long time ago. He stays still near the forensic and looks at the stage before the shrill voice starts again:
I'd like to dedicate this chapter to
John has already heard about this kind of code, a safeword, but he doesn't know all the mechanisms very well. He doesn't really think, because it's not possible, and answers hastily when he feels Sherlock's left hand closing around his fingers.
. It's great, really, but hear me carefully: you are so terrorised by the idea of showing that you can be vulnerable that it's becoming unhealthy. You think that it's shameful to have moments of weakness. But let me tell you something: all this, it's bullshit. So, I'm going to register Harry in Todd's centre because it's more practical for her, for you, and for me. I am going to take her to celebrate Christmas at my home, because I want it and she wants it, too. And especially,
"His flatmates threw away the less important things."
I don't consider myself to be tyrannical. -SH
"Well, you mean a year."
"Do you have a weapon, Mr. Steele?" asks Lestrade, leaning against the wall in front of them.
, to run everybody with a rod of iron!"
John opens his eyes wide, pushes away the annoying hat and gasps under the surprise.
"He's right, Marina, Philipp was the nut one about cleaning everything. Without him, this place is going to be such a mess..." sighs Bill before bursting in tears - the alarm signaling it's time to leave.
Sherlock never controlled John. He never forced him. He taught him how to
"He could have never been able to understand."
Mycroft breathes in through his nose, hits the tip of his umbrella on the damaged concrete and grants, in a voice torn with an obvious fury:
With his thumbs, Sherlock barely caresses the badly shaved skin, until his right slowly slides up to the doctor's mouth, which he by-passes from the bottom before pressing his chin. It takes a few seconds for John to understand his flatmate did so to make him open his mouth. Sherlock's probably waiting for an answer to this, but it just sends a despicable shiver from his back up along the vertebral column to the jaw which he closes immediately.
The two men smile, the comfortable silence in which they feel at home wrapping them barely a second before Mrs. Hudson's piercing scream rings out from the small backyard, like a nail scratching a blackboard, making the hairs on their arms stand on end.
"John."
“No, you're not okay, or no, you don't want to go out?”
The receptionist had finished her turn and was replaced by a much less attractive, older version of Olivia Newton-John.
“But that's okay, Sherlock. We can spend the night, just the two of us. Well, just the three of us as…” he starts, agitating his hand to the doctor, clearly trying to remember his name, before he snaps his fingers. “
"Of course not, you would start a diplomatic incident."
"And what do you think I've been doing all this time?"
"Thoughtful?"
–  is a person of interest, Sherrer’s suddenly the bastard who had us on a wild goose chase for months and Mycroft is trying to knock
05:16 PM
"So why did you go to this concert?"
“Sherlock, he’s the one who dragged me twenty kilometers from there, he threatened be to follow him, he…”
for her amazing support. The case is almost done, you'll then find in this chapter the last clues. If you think you found the culprit, don't hesitate in saying so in the comments ;) Meanwhile, enjoy your reading.
"I was looking for a thing and I accidentally found this..." answers John, coughing, hiding his crimson cheeks behind his useless fist. "Wait, what do you mean
combined.
Lestrade’s eyes widen and he straightens up on his seat, but John goes on rapidly:
. "The worrying melting ice; how many deaths from now to 2016?" announces
It's not a conversation any more. It's a sanctuary where the words seem to bow before the altar which looks like the thing that John loves more than anything in the world: his will. Because he hasn't dreamt it, Sherlock has really asked him a question - even
“Holy fuck, pull over
Later that day, back at Baker Street, on the first floor living-room's sofa , John sorts out his sister's insurance papers. The afternoon spent by her side was a new ordeal in their fragile relationship. Unmistakably, Harriet is well woken now, seeing the scandals she made when she respectively discovered the dress the hospital gave her, her lunch, and the fact that there was no TV in the room. They didn't speak about alcohol, under the doctors' advice and that's not something John really missed. In the meantime, he took the necessary brochures to register her in an expensive but renowned detoxification program.
"What are you looking at?"
“The fish aren't here yet; they're a week early,” retorts Sherlock while climbing up the wooden stairs, improvised by the locals.
The fair head nods once but that doesn't seem to satisfy the detective who slides his hand along the face to pinch the chin, which obliges John to open his mouth.
Sherlock instinctively turns his head toward his roommate sitting to his left. They are not gone for ten minutes before the detective already seems to have his full acceptance capabilities.
"It's you who's been sending him all these messages for the past three weeks?"
"Thus, we are in deep shit."
John raises an eyebrow and stops in the middle of the hallway covered with a red and soft carpet, obliging Sherlock to do the same before rolling his eyes with a weary face.
Second to last chapter.
"Greg," John repeats, this time more seriously, because Sherlock doesn't even seem to have the strength to speak. His eyelids are quickly shaking.
Lying on his bed, eyes vaguely on the TV screen, he wonders if he shouldn't have chosen the goat cheese sandwich. Or maybe he should have visited the next-door Tesco’s. Maybe he should have insisted that Sherlock eat so both of them could have eaten at the Manchester Angelo's. With their luck the guy eating next to them would have been the new Jack the Ripper and they would have been on a new case before the bread basket was placed on the table.
They call each other at the exact same time, turning their head to the other. They share a smile and John nods to tell his flatmate he can continue.
"Well, we finally saw Jim Moriarty's face and found out his weak spot."
Tilting his head, Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
You can't be turned on by deduction. -J
"And what else did he say?"
"John," suddenly calls up Sherlock, getting up, and his friend follows him quite immediately with a tight breast.
"What the..." but John can't finish his sentence as Sherlock's hands are already covering his mouth. With the free one, he presses a finger against his own lips to tell him to not make any noise.
Sheri Walsh? Too beautiful...
"It's not like I had a choice."
And this time, he presses his thumb to the
“I guess that’s what you told your brother.”
movement, while he slides insistently against his tongue up to his teeth and takes out of the doctor's throat a series of soft complaints.
John doesn't answer and Sherlock smiles. It's not his "I've won" smile, nor the superior one which he brings out when a suspect admits to being guilty. It's such a discreet smile that it's necessary to be as close as they are to see it. He just has the left corner of his mouth raised and the edges of his eyes are punctuated by small wrinkles more expressive than all of those which John has already seen in his life.
Ok. -J
11:05 PM
is written with a white and plain font. When he was younger, he remembers walking with his chin low in pharmacies, to catch any condom box (always the most discreet) before going reluctantly to the cash register. Today, young people buy those things like they are chewing gum. Although the doctor in him finds this human advance simply brilliant, the boy from the North of London educated in the strength of the Anglican tradition which slumbers in him always feels uncomfortable to reveal in broad daylight what is supposed to take place in full darkness.
"We didn't even speak about Moriarty," answers the brunet, enunciating every word as if he already repeated them a thousand times.
He raises his nose, quickly tries to find the spots they match with and sights when he finds the seats where his flatmate and he were settled. Lestrade and his agents burst out a loud laugh but Sherlock continues, seeming like he didn't even hear them:
. Everything is so perfect he could cry.
The brown haired man made a vague gesture with his hand and walked towards the desk before John took care of the kettle. His temples were hurting him. His eyes were hurting him. Damn it, his
He raises his right hand to press on the wound but there he is, already fallen on his knees. In his mind only one word resonates as he faints:
"If only I had time to take care of it, I would resolve this case in a handful of minutes," Mycroft sighs in an unbearable theatrical gesture before relaxing a bit more on his chair.
"We're you really in Switzerland?"
Don't you have other friends? -J
"That has nothing to do with the case, why do we even speak about it?"
"What do you mean this?"
- it could have worked if I didn’t… use the wrong name. I called him Miranda.”
"What? She doesn't care about the surprise, she isn't invited, right? But don't worry, I'll mime a completely amazed face when you, Mrs. Hudson, Molly, and Lestrade shout
There are some people who are coming to do their grocery shopping with their pets, which they leave tied in the entry, and John thinks that it's something he could have done with Sherlock. There was something really, really weird in the herbal tea, indeed, because for the first time, the detective has followed him here. It's not that John doesn't like being seen in public with Holmes, but he actually knows people here, people who saw the contents always globally identical of his baskets: some ham
"It's better, right?"
09:02 AM
“I know.”
"I've already served you."
“Well, Sherlock Holmes is a romantic in the end,” Lestrade laughs, standing next to John to take a look at the card.
The blond man explodes in laughter - the younger man can say whatever he wants but his lack of knowledge about the female tribe is definitely ridiculous.
"All right, John, I won't talk about the dead horn player at the party."
"We have to go, John, don't you have some shopping to do for the preparations of my surprise birthday?" Sherlock hurries to answer by opening the door, which makes the DI shout:
“Yes, the hotel was good.” And even if Sherlock doesn't like to waste energy by formulate futilities, he feels like he must reassure John.
10:06 PM
"My room, my bedroom," John repeats, because God how he's afraid of not being understood, and that makes Sherlock smile with an impertinent tenderness.
"Jared?"
"Have they begun?"
“No, I’m fine. It’s just…” he begins, but shakes his head, unable to find a word to explain the situation.
Hey there! Did you know I have a
He hadn’t screamed like that in so long that his vocal cords seemed to yell with pain.
There's only John who doesn't say a thing, still not totally comfortable with his voice to dare to only half-open his lips. It seems that the smell of Sherlock's cupboards is still there, surrounding him, but of course it's the smell of the jumper he's wearing at the moment. John wonders if all his jumpers will have this smell from now on. And John wonders if he will always get this heavy weight in his stomach every times he smells it.
He's now wearing a mustard jumper with big stitches, in which he wrapped himself up as soon as he left the bed. He usually prefers to get dressed before coming down to the first floor (a stupid story of mutual respect between flatmates, which one of them has never respected), but today, the idea of leaving his pajamas is not more attractive than vacuuming. It's necessary to say that with Sherlock, boundaries were a bit questioned since John saw his cupboard so very, very near. To be confined in a corner, embraced by a man, it's not really something of which the ex-soldier is used to. But neither is it something which he particularly loathed. To tell the truth, it would even be the opposite.
"We started with the main thing. This word, you should use it as soon as I cross one of your limits, when something displeases you or worries you."
"Coming from you, that's not really surprising..."
It's strange actually, it's the first time the ex-soldier is seated next to Sherlock, surrounded by so many people. The brunette has all the music discs of the world, so, why does he come here to listen to something he knows by heart?
"Gregory, let him go!"
Do you have a brother too? -SH
10:20 PM
Benjamin does the same, dusting the bottoms of his jeans before turning his watch on his thick wrist. He sighs, obviously saddened to see that the day passed so fast, and apologises to both flatmates by explaining that his mother's waiting for him to have dinner. He puts on his jacket, which he put on the coat hook behind the door, and takes out a DVD from his shoulder bag which he hands to Sherlock.
She still has that small, fragile light in her eyes and John can only refrain from smiling. He read it in the file, they're not from a well-to-do family, but she has a fine elegance - much more than Anna Sanchez whose coolness is only an equal to the capital's temperatures. He slowly closes his eyes while looking at her, to reassure her and she seems to breathe a little more serenely.
Maybe it wasn't the best pair of socks to be wearing. Should he take them off already? At least, these weren't resewn, which is doing a little bit to make up for this embarrassing situation.
"Which means t-that," Benjamin begins to deduce, but he is stopped by Sherlock coming down from the sofa, approaching the improvised model with large steps.
How do you know? -J
"Safeword?" offers Sherlock, and John seems to find that offending because he hurries to answer:
01:19 AM
And that damn smile is still there. Discreet, but there. John would like to rip it off with his own lips. The room is cold but nobody really cares. The receptionist puts the notebook he keeps against his chest and comes closer to the laid down body still wrapped in a black plastic bag.
“What are you hiding from me? It's been four days that we’ve been ignoring this, but please, talk to me!”
"No! No, we weren't, we didn't - nothing, we did nothing," John corrects, hands busy buttoning his shirt.
He doesn't use the safeword, because it's not a
"Yes?"
John has a strangled laugh and tries to go downstairs but Sherlock blocks the way with his body. They both look at each other without any hesitation or fissure and this is a silent fight which is happening right now.
"He was shot from a single bullet between the temporal and parietal zone. Killed instantly. The bullet didn't came out. Calibre... I don't know, we'll have to ask Molly."
- when he sees
"... A guy who is getting ready to shoot," he pursues in a deafening voice. "Wait, Sherlock, it's a..."
"I'll warn Lestrade."
John. Please. -SH
On the other hand that would have been quite practical, but no, Doris and Benjamin Cox, Angie and Sheri Walsh, Jared Steele, Craig Jennings, and Anna Sanchez all entered the room at the same speed, then removed their jackets and bags from their shoulders before taking a seat as if they were ready to attend any representation.
When he crosses Rosebery Avenue, he looks twice on each side before putting his feet on the crosswalk. He keeps his fists squeezed along his legs and never looks down. John Watson must always keep control.
, resonate in the car, but they seem to come out from a deep abyss where Sherlock would be stuck, and John refuses to look down to see him so small and vulnerable. He finally pulls over and both of them come out onto the empty street. The morgue is quite new, a small, ridiculous and cold house with grey tiles and a solemn sign to welcome the families. Sherlock is the one that opens the door and comes in first, but he doesn't say a word, so John is the one to go to the reception.
It was not the best sandwich in the world –it had an aftertaste of dill- but John was so hungry that even Aunt Astrid's creamed salmon would have made him cry tears of happiness.
the amazing
John stops and even the silence surrounding them seems to be scandalised by the nameless ineptitude that has just resounded. There really aren't one thousand possible choices: he can pass on, drop off his files and take the Victoria Line, hoping to find an empty seat. He can also stop, turn around and explain point by point why this sentence has as much legitimacy as a florist in an operating theatre and that it demonstrates only a deep and blatant lack of knowledge - and respect - of women and humanity. But of course, it's the third option John chooses while his shoes creak on the linoleum. He quickly approaches the most orange human being he has ever met and even if, in his mind, there's a forest of words to support his explanations, he simply raises up his fist and when he feels the nose of his boss cracking under his phalanxes, he thinks to himself that he undoubtedly managed to send his message.
“My mobile, concerning the case- Lestrade says-”
All in all, John attended three concerts in his life. The first when he was 17, when he went to the concert of a boy from his class in a bar in West London, where perfectly hysterical girls screamed the name of the singer with greasy hair and dubious dentition. The second one happened the day of his 22th birthday, when the orchestra of his village - not exceptional but however pleasant - played a Rachmaninov étude with an out of tune violin and a harpist with a cold. The third one occurred in Camp Bastion, when the improvised choir sang a Christmas song full of hope in front of an audience wrapped-up in battledress, of which eight died the next day in a muddled and bloody attack which broke out near the camp.
The resemblance is not really striking, apart from the hair and way the man puts his long fingers between them (and that twists John's stomach in a slightly too-insistent way). The fictitious Sherlock begins to question the man seated on the bed, if you can use the verb
"You do not accept things that escape at your control, John."
“Do take the guest soaps, we're out of them.”
, he would say. However, business is for the better since a few weeks ago. People still think that damn hat was his, but at least the murderers are more creative than before. Bodies are not as recognizable, fingerprints are truncated: the Game is on. But John seems stuck on this Christmas case. On this Woman.
“How did you find me?”
“I didn’t buy you any flowers.”
," Sherlock moans, moving his fingers back before catching in his wet hand the face of his flatmate which he brings towards his own. "Where did you hide the condoms?"
He sprawls in the tepid sheets, sliding his fingers where Sherlock was still laying a few minutes ago. It's enough to make him smile.
The tall man stops all at once and John has to move back two steps to return to his level. He raises his small snub nose towards him and can only admire his upper smile.
, ready-prepared meals
"Okay, I'll come with you."
"It wasn't easy to get you here, Mr. Steele," Greg begins, which automatically makes the suspect react.
The blond man alternately looks at his flatmate and the oldest woman, who sighs before stammering an uncertain:
“I’m ready.”
"John," Sherlock hastened to call, already on his knees in front of his flatmate of whom he pressed his forehead before lifting with his thumb an eyelid to examine his eyes.
The doctor swallows and nods, his careless tongue coming out of his mouth to lick his own lips. Sherlock's second hand goes up to the badly shaved cheek which he caresses diligently, and the contact is sufficient enough to provoke in John a need to moan that he retains with a lot of pride. With his head pulled back, he rests his neck against the back of the sofa and the simple fact of not having to support his own head gives him the stupid impression that he's beginning to let go.
In his left hand he holds a glass filled a bit with an amber liquid, and he barely has time to put it on the bedside table before John is stretching out his arm to take it.
"It remains to be seen who," murmurs the blond, serving them.
"Do you trust people now?"
"For God's sake, Mycroft!" John yells, pulling the blanket over his naked body and up to his trembling chin.
Because Sherlock Holmes didn't have to open his lips, but just stretch them to answer, and it was very clear to John Watson.
10:59 PM
"Okay. I'll bring the wine."
10:54 PM
"She was at Molly's birthday," explains John a bit lost, eyes quickly passing from his flatmate to his friend.
Sherlock is now sitting on his armchair, deciphering with his dancing eyes the score given to him by Mrs. Hudson. Of course, he doesn't raise his little finger to help the doctor. That's not a bad thing, seeing that tidying up with Sherlock Holmes is as useful as exercising by eating french fries. The detective always finds a souvenir or a collected proof from a previous investigation and they find themselves seated on the ground, remembering the cases they went through together.
His shirt buttoned and his coat on his shoulders, he goes back to the doctor. John's standing in the middle of the room, body oriented toward the undone bed.
"Ah, Mr. Holmes isn't always right then," he smiles, more than proud to prove Mycroft's wrong.
Sherlock breathes in deeply with an impressive slowness while he watches the doctor pushing away his clothes in a heap that they both forget about right away. It's broad daylight in the first floor living-room because the barely-opaque white curtains are not sufficient to prevent the last sunrays from coming in to cherish the doctor's skin. There's something close to mystical in being this naked and offered up, but John keeps silent in a very intelligent way about this feeling of being an offering. Sherlock's ego doesn't need to be compared to a god.
? You watched -
Holmes sometimes has this gaze so intense that all his body looks like a microscope. He's only coldness and analysis and during those times, even his skin seems so white that John holds himself back from putting a blanket on his shoulder. Tonight's different of course, because it's so hot in here they both lift up their sleeves. It's the result of the mix of alcohol, the proximity of all those people and this weird October month where no one would dare to wear a jacket. With the heat, Sherlock's hair is quite a mess. The darkness of the wet curl on his pale neck reminds John of his first teenage parties, first drinks and contradictory sentiments, and the ephemeral impression of being invincible because you're 16. John would like to ask Sherlock to tell him about his parties as a young man, but Sherlock is still looking at the dance floor as if it is a murder scene - which is a bit the case, given Andy's moves - so, John leans closer and speaks loud enough to be sure to be heard:
"Me? Yes, I'm okay."
"But he did
Holmes. World's only consulting detective, collector of varieties of tobacco, sociopath in his spare time (more exactly at the stroke of 3 a.m. when his violin seems to be his only way to communicate), and great criminologist. In short, his roommate. John pinches his nose and closes his eyes. Everything was fine, though, if you forgot the taxi driver serial killer and the Big Bad Wolf wrapped in a Westwood costume. So, yes, Sherlock was weird, definitely, but there was something on this earth that made the two of them get along.
) hypothesis of a sexual act with reproductive purposes, that after nine months would have resulted in a new entity named Hamish.
"Merry Christmas Mrs. Hudson."
? It happened only twice... And no, I didn't get the axe."
"Wait."
But Sherlock isn't a Middle-Eastern country where two of the greatest nation in the world established themselves with ease, seeking weapons of mass destruction with an oil after-taste. Sherlock's a man, and a man John can't seem to rid himself of. He's not gay,
Gregory opens his lips, ready to answer, when Sherlock finally sketches a first gesture by tilting forward on the table where he puts his elbows before resting his long fingers one against the other in front of his face. He hardly squints, in a posture of extreme concentration which slightly pushes Steele back by reflex. John has already seen this position enough times to know that the Holmes genius is deducing.
"Internal hemorrhage."
, my mistake. Do I wake you up at 8 tomorrow?”
"Enough to go to listen to it six times,
"Maybe you were tired?" proposes John, smiling, before pushing a plate full of toast towards his flatmate.
Soldier that he was, he frowns, keeping silent his own feelings while he by-passes the cupboard to stick his ear to the wall papered with green. The noise is louder. He closes his eyes, tries to know where it's coming from and begins to blink his eyelids in rhythm. One blow after another, in a repetitive pace. Beatings. A pulsation. A
"No, John,
The blond man salutes him with a vague gesture and leaves the clinic.
"Of course not."
"For you to stop what's happening between you and my brother. Whatever is going on. That goes beyond Baker Street, and for the good sake of everybody, I would ask you to follow me. We will leave by the back door of this building and I will take you to a safe place, until this whole story settles down."
of the forced-opened latch resounds. Sherlock smiles - proud, of course, he never misses an opportunity to be - and stretches out his arm to invite John to enter first.
It's the smell of the clothes, which reminds him that he entered an intimate room. They use the same washing powder because they mix their clothes when they do the laundry but nothing can be done, it still smells like Sherlock. What is entirely normal. What doesn't deserve to be deeply breathed, as John is doing now.
“Okay, enough now. Pull over, I'm taking the wheel,” shouts John, already pulling off his seatbelt.
," Sherlock urges, fixing on the doctor's eyes, which raise to heaven.
"John," and it's only a word, but that's enough to stop him in a visceral way and show him that Sherlock isn't kidding at all.
Water runs loudly in the small room. It is already hot, and fog invades the mirror in which he scrutinizes himself.
As soon as John turns around, his hands occupied by two fresh Camden Hells he just paid for, he smiles, looking at the back table reserved by Molly. It's not really surprising, but when the young coroner invited Sherlock and him to this pub in South London, he thought they'd end up in an annoying party with four people tops. He couldn't be more wrong. In front of the fifteen or so noisy friends who are recalling some kind of a frisbee match which provokes hysterical laughter out of Molly and her cousin, he pinches his lips and gets closer to the table that is the least lively of the evening; naturally, it's Sherlock's table.
"Nothing. I want chocolate, can you go and fetch me a Snickers?" sniffs Harry, interlacing her fingers and smiling at her brother like when she was 16 years old and she needed him to cover her ass when she was going night-clubbing.
It's far past midnight and the idea that a neighbor is tinkering or moving furniture proves that good manners definitely left the British island. He takes three steps to get closer to the wall separating 221 and stops in front of the closet which he now knows intimately.
Lestrade raises an eyebrow but the detective has already disappeared into the kitchen before he can make a comment.
John smiles more than he would like to and follows Sherlock to the kitchen where Lestrade, standing next to the table, interrogates the flatmates. The young woman, Marina Jones, is seated on a plastic chair and her long uncovered legs are sufficient to prove to the whole room she's indeed a dancer. The elegance of her body is sculpted by her visible muscles on her milky skin and the tight bun above her neck is so well done it symbolises years of classical dancing training. Her wool dress has black and purple geometrical forms that she seems to have found in a second-hand shop.
, John; Denosa! Liszt!
- he wants to know what it feels like to be motionless. They look at each other, don't even blink even if it burns their pupils - some kind of male pride, as usual - and when Sherlock finally puts his hands on the cheeks of the man he overhangs, it's not soft. It's not violent either. It is a gesture so confident that it looks like they have been making it all their lives.
"Thank you. It is really kind of you."
jumping from one serious case to another, hitting where it hurts and instituting a climate of perpetual fear where it's getting harder to move forward. However, John is convinced there should be things in life that are impossible to put in doubt, or demonise; elements on which it should be inconceivable to make money by creating an irrational terror. Like a good old cup of tea, warm and sweet, without any shady preservatives. Or a Harry Potter movie, without any absurd scandal about which actors drink or smoke weed. Or a polo-neck jumper.
"Thank you, John, for this highly relevant remark. Well, let's us start again. The weapon is a Sig Sauer, 9mm pistol. It is a common weapon which we find with any artilleryman. Nevertheless the precision of the shooting proves that we're not dealing with an average citizen. The shooter was able to settle the silencer on his weapon very well before the concert and hide it in a handbag or under a jacket."
"What are you talking about, John?"
"How are you feeling?"
. It was out-of-date, anyway. John didn't even regret it.
"It's what people think of me and it is why I scare them off, I suppose. It's both a gift and a curse, really. They think I'm emotionless. A cold-blooded freak. Already dead, almost."
"Some people", lol... Yes, go ahead, I'm listening. -J
John pinches his lips from top to bottom and nods his head once. It's his typical Watson way of putting a stop to the conversation (because the Watson family are experts in keeping silent). He lets the water pour just what's needed and gets ready to raise his sleeves before realising he first needs to open the cuff links. With one hand, it's quite tricky, but Sherlock's already in front of him and doing that thing that's so simple and nevertheless so dangerous, which consists of raising his hands and approaching John with them. His gestures have the delicacy of a soap bubble and the doctor doesn't even breathe for fear of bursting it. But Sherlock's face is perfectly calm. He pinches his fingers around the sleeve he's starting to unbutton.
Of course, there are handsome men- tall, mysterious, with blue scarves and ridiculous cheekbones who return a woman's heart in a snap of a sharp tongue, and then there are the others- small, timid and paunchy; those who are described as “nice” for want of “hot.” John is one of those. Nobody looks at him in the street, nobody blushes when he winks (they’d more likely ask if something itches him), but he is
"It was only the two of you?" asks John whose eyes remain, in spite of him, more attached to Doris than to her son.
. It's what the man who was sitting behind us said. Who needs to see anything this badly at a concert?"
John has never loved hospitals. It is stupid for a doctor, but that is the way it is. As with most children, he discovered for the first time the cold and sterile atmosphere of a hospital one Sunday, during a family visit to see his grandmother with a new hip - however in plastic. He remembers having been struck by the silence, only punctuated by the humming of the machines which held alive the entire geriatrics department. When he wanted to be a doctor - but his parents couldn't afford to pay for him to go to a renowned school - and he ended up doing a training course of military medicine, the silence was not really something that he met again.
"That Lestrade is the one who offered the collar to Elisa. You surely didn't think she put it on by herself, did you?"
. She insisted on this word, remember? Yet all the received letters that we read were at least seven years old. Sherrer didn't have any friends, he just wanted to be the centre of attention."
Sherlock unpacks the present that Mrs. Hudson couldn't hold off on offering to him, the Schubert score she bought. Of course Sherlock already figured out she'd offer him that because he's giving her a present in return: a small box in which she finds two earplugs. She's quite disappointed her surprise isn't really one but the thought is so funny she says nothing in return.
"Why do you even have an umbrella?" John asks, so irritated that he is ready to bite.
"Well yeah, how could I see him, otherwise? On Thursdays, his mother is always late because she has gym or I don't know what. It's Tim who told it to me last month, when I had him on a weekend. So every Thursday, I come to see him and sometimes she's an hour late, we can speak for a long time. I don't know why she's on time today, that bitc... Anyway," he coughs to refrain himself from saying a word which could be held against him.
file emptied at every entry. There are some in the
“Whether you want it or not, we’re going to this damn island.”
Despite it inevitably happening, even if it
"I ate too much," Lestrade sighs, squatted near the fireplace which he looks at, bewitched.
"Yeah. I mean, okay.”
I just wanted to wish you a Merry Christmas. -SH
“What do you want?”
This time it's Sherlock who leans forward, his bottom barely hanging on the folding seat, his elbows on the guardrail; the reason is Hungarian. In his right hand, John presses a bit tighter the A5 paper where is written the program:
Are we really going to talk about masturbation? -J
. When Sherlock only saw the Woman's disproportionate commitment to her phone, John only saw the (
The man looks at John who nods at him, so he opens the bag.
(And thank you to the anon who contacted me on Tumblr concerning the epithet, for her/his tips :)).
John smiles and nods slightly. They’re alone upstairs, and it’s high time they talked. The painkillers may help him overcome his inhibitions, but most of all, he is fed up with leaping from one clue to the next without them having an honest conversation. Dammit, he feels like his life is an episode from
"It's a m-movie in which a man is s-shot at during a concert. Maybe t-that that will help you out with the c-case."
The doctor raises the sleeves of his shirt and crosses his hands, looking at the young woman. He is extremely touched by her weakness and doesn't like at all that all this could be a facade.
"Do you like classical music then?" asks John.
"You heard me very well, come on, third movement," Sherlock repeats by raising a hand, and this time it's too much.
and by
How could John be unhappy? He is a man – he's not a child, to begin- he has his two arms and his two legs, a roof for the night and a filled refrigerator - well, most of the time. So, maybe Sherlock grew up in a family where his parents expressed their feelings with delicacy, during perfectly healthy and well-balanced conversations, the fact remains that at the Watson's, they never learnt to question their feelings, and even less to juggle with nuance. Because nuances are like a snow globe. At first glance, you believe your world is a perfect and motionless scene, but it's enough to shake it with nothing but a small wrist movement before waking up hundreds of small flakes, which come to blur the fanciful idea you had made of your life. John's family never wanted to shake a snow globe.
11:45 PM
"I see," Sherlock finally answers, and before John can reply he takes his hands out of his pockets and gets closer to the soldier.
Sherlock doesn't react so John keeps going.
"Elisa..."
“Well, looks like we're going to sleep in another Bed & Breakfast.”
"Okay, great," pants John, who really doesn't care about the case right now, not while the fair hairs of his chest rub against the milky skin of Sherlock's.
Sherlock closes the buttons of his jacket and shakes his head slightly - probably excessively irritated by the completely rough syntaxes of the driver - and smiles, looking at his flatmate.
. He clarified he wanted to see
"Beautiful day, right?"
He sighs, stops cutting the carrots that his house keeper gave him into sticks, and goes to the lounge where his mobile is ringing.
10:59 PM
He opens his lips to ask another question when the door opens in a deafening crash. Wrapped in his long black coat, Sherlock looks up and down the room with a cold stare. He doesn't even notice Lestrade, seems to ignore Watson and directly looks at Doris and Benjamin.
"I arrived approximately twenty minutes before the show began. I was seated on the last row. I read my emails and looked a bit at the room. There was a woman and a young man in front of me. I think he had Down syndrome... anyway, he seemed very excited to be there. He explained to his mother where such or such musician was going to take place, it was impressive. But I didn't see the man who got shot, I was looking somewhere else. I saw at first the agitation, I heard somebody speaking about a doctor thing and I followed the stream of people without thinking, really. I understood only once I arrived on the street, when people who were seated in the front rows told us what happened. That's also why I didn't cancel my business trip, there were so many witnesses, in comparison I have nothing new to tell you concerning this affair."
"Should I?" asks Sherlock, the corner of his nostril raised, as if slightly disgusted.
Is the woman I saw at the morgue really your wife? -SH
"You hated them."
"So, why would anyone wear a polo-neck?"
John approaches the detective to inspect his throat, even if Sherlock makes a sign to him that he's okay, and stays between the two men, afraid they might fight again. The air is so thick and heavy between them that John has the feeling he'd need a knife to pierce it. Greg and Sherlock are judging each other with their bulging eyes and they're pinching their lips to refrain from unleashing all the fury inspired by the other.
He climbs the stairs on the left and gets closer to the suspects. On the last row, he recognises Sanchez, even if her hair grew and if she's wearing more make-up than their first meeting. She's still as friendly as a prison door nevertheless, so John doesn't insist. He expects to see Steele next to her but the man is a bit lower, close to Sheri Walsh, whose frail hand is in his. She's still an undeniable beauty with her fair skin and her eyes of a warm brown. She sits on the front row, her legs crossed in a gesture of infinite sophistication. Beside her, there's her sister in whom adolescence seems to still be blossoming. Angie cut her hair (possibly by herself, given the fact it's really not well done). But of course, they're living in London so no once notices those kind of physical particularities. What John doesn't miss, however, is her position: arms crossed and her back turned to not look at her sister and Steele. John looks at them, of course he doesn't mind (it's not his sister who's dating a man who could be her father) and even if he can't say what it is, precisely, he knows something has changed. Is she pregnant? In any case, the complexion of her skin is magnificent. A baby would definitely help for the visa request - because even if Sherlock forged the prosecutor's letter, Lestrade didn't say a thing about a regularisation of his status. John approaches the false couple and smiles:
The inspector slams the door behind him and pulls a plastic chair to sit next to the doctor, whom he scrutinizes with worried eyes.
John doesn't exactly see his lines but he recognises the black coat of the detective and doesn't refrain from smiling. The steps of the detective bang in rhythm against the wood. No one dares to speak now that he has arrived and this staging makes John want to laugh, which he only contains because Sherlock doesn't seem to have fun,
His shrink said that he had trust issues. Of course John Watson has trust issues, he knows better than anyone that we can trust no one. If he had not hesitated, before firing at the twenty-year-old Afghan kid who entered camp Bastion, lost in this intrusive and absurd war, he would never have given him the possibility to fire two bullets. The first one which landed in his own shoulder and the second in Matthew Rosemond's stomach. And that would never have happened if Matthew hadn't trusted him in the first place. John just knows that.
"I'm breaking all of my principles by letting you do that, you know."
“I’m staying with you until Sherlock comes back.”
"I am always ri..."
Yes I know… -SH
John pinched his lips together from left to right, pouring the boiling water in two mismatched cups and answered, raising his voice to be heard by his friend:
What are you talking about? -SH
"Yeah, Philipp was paying a little more than us... They have a good salary at the London's Orchestra. As a result he got the bigger room."
"I have wanted to invite Angie to a philharmonic concert for a long time, I thought it was a beautiful present... She's very curious, you know. She was completely pressed against the rail all evening long to see the musicians. I was very happy to see her act that way. And when the man got... It was horrible, there was no noise and he just collapsed. I saw the blood exploding out of his skull, you know? I don't... I've never..." she's brought down by a shiver and her face is now so white that John stretches out his hand by reflex to take hers, before holding on at the last moment and closing his fist on the file which he folds just to have something to do.
The ship slowly progresses, the island appears, and Sherlock can feel this place's magnetism. He's attracted to it as much as he's rejected. Too many years spent here without feeling something. Because Anderson is wrong, he's always wrong. He thinks Sherlock's emotionless, but face-to-face with his motherland, he's heavy hearted. He doesn't speak and keeps his hands in his pockets. John promised to stand by him on the bench. It's enough for now.
Well, a sister. -J
"Understand what? Sherlock, would you have the kindness to explain yourself?" Gregory is obliged to ask one more time, bringing the detective out of his thoughts because he still doesn't understand that the global nature of what the detective deducts is absolutely not perceptible for human beings.
He slows down when he arrives on Westgate Street because the children of London Field primary school are getting out, too-heavy bags on their shoulders and snacks brought by their mothers already in the hands of the fastest ones. He smiles when he hears a small red-haired girl, of whom both front teeth are missing, trying to explain to her friend why Santa Claus really exists, and lets a nanny with two kids holding on to both sides of a stroller pass in front of him, before raising his eyes.
"I beg your pardon?"
And he barely finishes his sentence when the traditional
He seals his eyes to the doctor's and John doesn't answer using words. He unbuttons his jeans, still seated, and contorts himself with difficulty to slide them off his legs. He takes advantage to remove his socks at the same time (no way he's keeping them, let's stay pragmatic, for Christ's sake). Dressed in nothing but goosebumps, he's now covered by Sherlock's gaze and by his grey boxers. The detective doesn't even blink and doesn't look down.
Sherlock doesn't answer. His hands in his pockets, he plays with the sleeping pill.
I just want to see you again, one day, that's all. -SH
"Sheri, Inspector Lestrade gave you another chance, take it. You heard him, you're risking a lot if it's proved that this marriage is... well, is not a marriage of love."
"Where did you throw the head, Sherlock?"
John discreetly rolls his eyes and sits at the kitchen table, an elbow pressed against his steaming cup, he stretches his right hand and catches the white envelops given to him by his landlady. Every time the woman comes up to bring them their mail, it's the same tune, a cheerful "Hello" escapes from their lips before the neighborhood seniors' news is explained to him down to the smallest private detail. John now has to share his breakfast with Mr. Jenssen's phlebitis, the alarming short-sightedness of Mrs. Blank and from now on, Mrs. Perkins' dangling dentures.
"By the way, we found the suspect you described as small and fa... Well, the man you saw leaving quickly after the shooting."
No answer. Sherlock fixes his wrinkled eyes on the closed door as if he could possibly convince it to open itself, but God has still enough courage to stand up to the detective and doesn't give him access to new supernatural powers. The brown-haired man curses out loud, highly disappointed. John feels obliged to reassure him:
which he skims through.
John has never really quite understood this typical human need to transform every element into a drama without any shape or way-out. As if the totally precarious status of every human being on Earth isn't a burden hard enough to bear already, there has to be
“Did you see the bathtub length?” Sherlock overtakes the delivery truck on his left but John seems mostly shocked by his claim.
John gives a sad smile and comes near his friend, both hands in the back pockets of his jeans. He looks at the darts sticking out Sherrer's dark brown eyes, him who's smiling,
"That's good..." he breathes out, closing his eyes.
Sherlock suffocates him, presses him with all of his magnificent presence. He feels against his thigh the hard member which his mouth already wants to suck with all its wet heat. Sherlock presses his free hand on the summit of the fair skull which he surrounds unceremoniously, using his legs to rub himself against the body he oppresses.
"Don't worry, we'll question Steele in a few hours."
John breathes in and slides his thumbs under the elastic. It's not more difficult than removing his tank top, finally. He contorts again and while he frees his half-erection, he has the reflex to raise his head and now, more than ever, Sherlock is looking at him straight in the eyes. He hangs on to it and gets rid of his underwear, which he forgets as soon as it touches the beige carpet, and puts his hands on the bed. There, he's naked while Sherlock is still dressed in his impeccable suit. He wonders how long the detective has been waiting for this situation.
In conclusion, and despite his musical education extremely reduced, John Hamish Watson
"It's amazing to see how much Mr. Jennings is
Stretched out on his uncomfortable bed, hands resting behind his neck, John's eyes fix a ceiling which is moving no more than he is. It's not even 8 o'clock but it's already so warm in this room which smells like sugar and almond, because Mrs. Hudson never took care of the bad ventilation between her kitchen and the rest of the building. However, he woke up ten minutes ago (unless it was half-an-hour ago?) to partially open the window overlooking the quiet street on this Friday morning.
"Painful," John corrects, as he can't stand to be talked about as if he isn't here.
"Tell us about the evening," asks the detective, crossing his long legs slowly.
They leave the underground parking and discover a city steeped in a cold light. Lazy cars, docile pedestrians; London didn't influence the rest of the country. John seems more at ease with Sherlock's driving. His hand joints aren't white anymore, by dint of holding on tight to the armrest. He doesn't think about it because he thinks about something else. His lips start to open and close without delivering a single word. He's about to give in.
08:36 PM
"Nothing. Thank you for your time," concludes John by turning on his heels, followed by Sherlock, carefully staying some steps behind him.
," answers John with a certain disdain. As if he could forget it...
"Not long."
"No, not yet."
"I do have one, actually. Does that mean that I can touch you now?" he wonders, looking at John's fingers still intertwined around his wrist.
09:24 PM
Oh my, I'm loving her more and more every time;
The detective lowers his left hand and turns on the sofa to face his flatmate, before answering:
"Hello?"
, before sitting down again. On the record player, the Christmas carols of Sinatra and Nat King Cole are playing. It's the first year that John has spent Christmas Eve at Baker Street and he discovers, with a lot of surprise, a family atmosphere that he would never have imagined between the woman who put her husband in prison, the sociopath, and the policeman whose honor was sullied by a bloody divorce. He should stop jumping to hasty conclusions.
“What do you mean if I wish? Sherlock, people already talk a lot. We're not going to sleep in the same bed.”
"That's it, good boy, you're holding on. And you know why, don't you?"
“Yep, that's it; I'm sleeping on the floor.”
Without any surprise, John follows him.
"I was rather amazed that you chose
"Sherlock," scolds John with a grin full of reproaches.
John is staring at Moriarty. He doesn't shiver and there's in his ears the cacophonous mix of Moriarty's voice and his own beating heart. He doesn't blink once because it's at the first weakness that the enemy strikes and Jim Moriarty is so close to John that he feels all the killing spree of the man emanating from him. John smiles, because he doesn't have any other weapon to defend himself. Someone is going to die here tonight, he's sure about it and he really hopes it won't be Sherlock or himself.
, but furthermore he said
"Ah, I thought that you would be quicker than that to understand."
"If that doesn't work out with a woman like that, I'm sorry to say you're a fag, mate."
"Yeah, let's do this. Bye, Jessica, and let me know your grades when you'll have them."
He remembers that one evening when he had returned with Sarah to Baker Street, when his hands started to venture for the first time under her blouse. He hadn't bought new condoms yet and, while the idea that his date could stay overnight was getting more and more tangible, he had imagined himself going to tap at his flatmate's door to ask him to give him one. But the evening had finished earlier than expected because Sarah was working early the next morning and John was finally not more in the mood than that. Maybe she would have stayed if he had at least tried to hold her.
“He's not my doctor.”
"To understand what?"
"Okay, sorry. So, are there any seats left?"
“Do you want some cake?”
06:15 PM
"Holy shit, Sherlock..."
"I don't really see what
"Anthea number 2, I presume?"
So, they'll sleep in the same bed thanks to some trout with a life expectancy shortened by a massive, insecure Scottish fishermen incoming. Interesting, thinks Sherlock while following them to the first floor, at the end of the corridor where the bedroom is. He doesn't know a thing about decoration, that’s obvious, be he's not sure the three teddy-bears on the bed are really necessary. John catches the keys as if he's holding the eye Sherlock's keeping in the toaster between his fingers, and says farewell to the owner before she disappears behind the shut door.
"It is a big house in fact, with about ten rooms. They only take a few patients to be able to help them personally. I spoke to him and he has a bedroom for her. "
"Yes, a word, anything, a word which will make me stop everything you won't accept."
"Sure, that's part of the conditions to have a mention," immediately answers John, putting back the cap on his pen.
10:11 PM
"Impossible, she moves way too much."
"No, that's terribly boring," he curses as if he really had a word to say. That irritates John, whom eyes raise to heaven.
John nods at Gregory and the two flatmates before quickening his pace to catch up with Sherlock in the sun-kissed street.
He cleans his desk made of plastic, a bit, turns around to the 15'' screen and automatically takes a glimpse at the Guardian website. Scottish Independence, politics issues in Eastern Europe and the start of the new year of school; nothing that could be a case. A new one that would not finish in a pool is preferable. He barely has time to go on his blog to check new incoming messages before the incessant
10:17 PM
John falls silent as he attempts to cross his arms against his chest but grimaces when he moves his splinted arm only by an inch.
, your case was disturbingly obvious: your chambermaid isn't betraying the nation, she simply met a young man a few months ago and maintains with him a sexual relation. Believe me, John, since Mycroft made a pact with Satan and exchanged his heart for the possibility of not killing his interlocutors of boredom just by opening his mouth, he is incapable of seeing if two people are having a sexual or sentimental relationship."
The blond gets up after briefly shaking his sister's valid leg to annoy her and disappears in the corridor to follow the usual way up to the distributor, before ordering two Snickers which he puts directly in his pocket. At the end of the fingers, he feels his mobile vibrating.
The DI emits a stunned noise from his throat and takes out of his back pocket a pair of handcuffs which he puts on Steele's wrists. Sherlock and John let the cop guide the man through the offices. While the doctor gets ready to suggest to his flatmate to go back home, it's the vision of a Milky Way of freckles which tears him apart.
With just the two of them everything is even weirder.
"I'll never make you do something you won't accept. But I'll make you discover everything.
They don't speak when Sherlock gets up from the armchair and soars onto the bed. That obliges John to move back, until he stretches out because Sherlock is now on all fours on top of him. He doesn't touch him, hands and knees pressed against the mattress. He's even advancing and John's wriggling to maintain the eye contact until he feels his feet leaving the carpet and his legs settling on the sheets that have already been warmed by his presence.
"Do you really believe that it is the conductor who controls everything? The power is in the hands of the musician because it is
... Sheri was ready to present you to her family, thus it's serious between you two. Is she pregnant? Impossible, I would have seen it. With the aim of a marriage, maybe? Why won't you be able to tell us that you're going to marry Sheri Walsh? Why did she present you as her soulmate while she was hitting on Jo...
Moriarty never has been the master of this story. Not once.
"Nice car, Lestrade. A Ford Focus, if I am not mistaken?"
The detective opens his eyes wide and John can only do the same.
"Because it is not a murder, but a suicide."
The two men arrive on the lower floor and slalom against the tide between demented men and women who are pushing them without even seeing them. John is not quite sure why they're running at the root of the danger without even thinking about it - anyway, he doesn't have time to turning things over in his head. They finally arrive in front of the scene Sherlock climbs in a graceful gesture while John tries awkwardly to do the same, before coming closer to the musicians they're pushing back summarily.
many thanks to the amazing
"Nothing."
"Bad, otherwise she wouldn't have fallen dead drunk down her staircase - is there some hot water left?"
Sherlock takes out of the file that John is still holding against him, and brings out the seat plan before spreading it over the sedan's bonnet.
Sherlock's habitual sleep rhythm is not particularly interesting, but last night he's not sure he didn't turn clockwise tirelessly until he creased every inch of the sheets he was under and above. John seems to share this observation, and both of them losing time for something so pointless is an aberration.
08:37 PM
Slowly, gesture after gesture, he removes his buttons, revealing his white tank top which he dares to wear only when winter beats down on London. He really has no problem undressing in front of someone. He went through enough medical examinations in his life and people have already inspected him from all angles. But shall we put him in the most sophisticated MRI in the world, open his skull and inspect his brain, drain him of the necessary quantity of blood so that we may know all of his composition - even then nothing will ever be as true and significant as Sherlock Holmes's judgment.
"... I want to see my lawyer," concludes Steele, apparently exhausted, before getting up.
"Don't blame him, it's me who insisted. I'm glad you're in a relationship, Greg. I don't mind that..."
"Dvorak, Symphony of the New World..."
They're so close it's evident to both of them that whatever Sherlock answers, he'll not be able to lie, so he shouldn't even try. John scrutinises his eyes—which are as clear as his genius is dark—his expressionless lips and his whole face to find the lesser twitch, the smallest shudder, but it's not an out of control muscle which betrays the detective. It's his smile, so frank and so honest that it's as painful as a fist against the ex-soldier's ribs. He's looking John straight in the eye, with no other look on his face except a smile that can only mean one thing. So it's John who quietly releases his arm and clenches his fingers where blood forgot to go for a few seconds.
This time, the answer isn't immediate. John closes his lips as discreetly as possible to not show that he refrains from answering too fast. Sherlock still holds his face, and even if it's so hot he wants to take off his jumper and the purple shirt in front of him, John remains perfectly motionless. He answers with an awkward voice:
"You heard him Sherlock, we're not going to talk about the case at Molly's birthday. The last time she invited us for her house-warming party, you made her grandma faint with your amputations stories."
The secretary pushes a heavy door open and points with her index finger to one of the rare sedans parked at the bottom of the immense room.
wasn't one of them.
"I'll do it."
"Yes, I heard on the radio it hasn't been this hot since October 1891..." answers John, tightening his hand around his beer.
"Why am I telling you this? I observed you and
"Are we waiting for him or..."
Doris briefly nods her head to say she understands and Benjamin looks alternately at both men. John doesn't very well know how to behave with this particular witness. He hasn't met a lot of people with Down syndrome in his life. He had a neighbor at the end of his street which the children of his age laughed at when they were young, but he never really knew if the man was simply a bit isolated or really handicapped. He finds comfort by thinking to himself that it would be worse if Sherlock was here.
"Don't come, John, don't come yet. Do you hear me? You're doing so well,
"Order from the Queen?"
which slammed into the air with the same intensity as the word
John strains, clenching his hands into fists against his thighs, and the condescending look of the oldest Holmes is enough to make him understand the real subject of this little meeting.
John may be filled with corticoide he still thinks about the detective only and about the meeting that is probably taking place right now with his brother. He’s thinking about all of this mess when Mrs. Houdson’s voice become suddenly strident and says the only word the doctor was waiting for:
But John Watson never gives up, ever. He keeps moving, kneels, and his wrists sink in mud. He fights the gust, holds onto rocks and arrives behind the detective. Sherlock turns around when he hears him come, helps him get on his two feet, and John is whiter just by looking beyond the cliff. Sherlock holds on tight to his wrists and harpoons his gaze with his. It's enough to make him forget the rest.
!" insists the detective, every word louder than the previous one - and said with so much more passion that the blond man stops in his savouring to raise an eyebrow and the corner of his mouth.
The thumbs of the detective rest in the hollows of the soft cheeks, the rest of his fingers waiting under his jaw, and as if his neck had no more use anymore John feels his head supported in a way he had never known before. That lasts one second, maybe two, but it's already sufficient to frighten him, because that proves to him that it is possible to get rid of this nasty weight which presses against his back, his lungs and all of his old body, for so many years.
Danger. Everything since they're in this observatory (everything since John entered a laboratory in St Bart's one year ago) screams Danger, but this time it's real. It's written in a red garish sign, attached to the metallic structure with a pictogram of a man wearing a helmet, preventing people from coming closer as he presents his hand to the visitors. Only John notices it and he sees around them the sand bags, the wooden planks and the cords dandling around the structure which is holding the balcony. Under their feet, the ground never shook this much. John can't possibly move any further. He feels so far away from them and it's the vertigo of the distance separating them which is hitting him now.
They're surrounded by a smothering heat and the fact that the doctor's mouth is taken doesn't help him to breathe as he'd like. He breathes in through the nose, expires through the mouth when Sherlock pulls out far enough, and swallows when he can, but all the vital acts aren't really their priority now. Sherlock's cock still sinks farther and the hips John's holding begin to move in rhythm, incited by the guttural groans which manage to escape from his throat.
"Those are just scratches," Sherlock reassures him, taking place next to him on the bed.
The answers comes to him quickly. In the centre of the row, wrapped in his black coat, his arms against his chest as if he's wearing a straitjacket and his legs oddly crossed and squashed against the wooden guardrail, Sherlock Holmes imposes to the room an absurd respect which already makes the doctor smiles.
"Mrs. Hudson, on our behalf, I have to tell you that your curry turkey recipe is a pure marvel."
John was not sure what that last sentence meant, though. John opens his eyes and inhales, as if he has forgotten how to. It's simple, however, to provide oxygen to the body and to remove CO2 expiration from the alveoli in the lungs due to the difference in pressure between the two sides (since gas flows from the more concentrated medium to the less concentrated). But when he thinks about this woman, even if he knows she's dead and six feet under, anger is too deep for his usual empathy, so it comes back like a mad dog biting his chest with large doses of memories.
"Well, we lost enough time already!" John exclaims, banging his knees with his hands before getting up and going down to the scene where he settles down in his turn on the empty chair.
"So, what do you think about it?"
"Yes, yes of course, come in," the woman interrupts him, letting them enter.
"I was... Heum... Still sat. And all these people stood and turned to the scene. Except a guy, I think. It was quick but I saw him on the back row and he stayed sat down. He was with a chick, sorry, a
Hi! First let me thank you all for your terrific and so sweet comments. The way you're supporting me is beyond precious, I truly have no words. Just,
"No, I mean, what are you doing here,
“It's your phone.”
"It's only flashes but it's always coming back. We just hit the ground and I'm above Moriarty. He's looking at me. He's smiling and there's all this blood in his mouth. On his teeth. I see them. Red. So red. And I know why he's smiling,
John raises an eyebrow, dazed by this change of subject, but Sherlock seems perfectly informed.
The hallways are the same as in St. Bart’s. He thinks about Molly when he called her four days ago to tell her they had to urgently leave to identify Mycroft's body. He mainly thinks about Gregory, the one that called them. He thinks about the shaking hands when he gave them his car keys. He thinks -and he'll never get rid of this memory- about Sherlock's smug smile, who, placing his hands on his shoulders told him, “My brother isn't dead. This is a case like any other where we'll see the police were wrong, as always.”
She smiles at him over her shoulder and they finally arrive at the end of the wished shelf where she recommends an almond paste not too expensive and sweeter than the others, according to her statements. John thanks her and asks her how her exams went, when someone arrives next to them, someone that the doctor wasn't really waiting for. Sherlock has his hands in his pockets and he's looking at them alternately with an unpleasant insistence. Jessica raises an eyebrow (the one where the blue ring bounces ceaselessly) and asks politely:
“Good to know.”
"John Watson," the detective murmurs in a sigh, words going out of his mouth as if he's tasting the most delicious sweetness.
"All right," John nods before rolling up the blue fabric between his right hand's fingers.
With his free hand, Sherlock touches the fair hair, from the top of the skull to the nape of the neck. His caresses are long, incredibly possessive. Then, he slides the riding-crop inside the doctor's shirt and brushes the skin of his torso. The touch is curious, almost rough, so John doesn't move, keeps his face raised towards the one who dominates him and bites his own lip when his left nipple is rubbed insistently. The hand of his flatmate is now on his face and redraws the same path as the crop did a few minutes ago. John knows that Sherlock, from the end of his fingers, registers somewhere in his brilliant brain these sensations which cross them both.
The detective turns his back on the scene and leaves the morgue with big steps. All John can see is the black coat floating and the image printed on his retina of Sherlock broken. He follows him, calls him, but nothing seems to stop him. They cross the empty street, come across some house and dive through the fields. It takes several minutes for John to find the courage to rush and take him by the arm.
"You will find Mister Jennings over there," she informs them before backtracking.
"New case?" asks the blond man, taking off his vest which he puts on the hanger behind him.
He clicks on it, too far gone to stop there, and the video launches, in a website surrounded with small miniatures of very ambiguous images which he doesn't even notice.
“Oh, don't worry, it's not a big deal, Doctor. You're simply obsessed by Sherlock Holmes the same way Sherlock is obsessed by the Game. And
For sure, John didn't have many occasions in his short life spent next to Sherlock Holmes to see him passionate -or even human- but there's something about the classical music that always makes the detective terribly spontaneous, and suddenly his coldness gains a few degrees and his person gains in sympathy. John won't ever forget that Sunday evening of last March, when finishing to read a novel next to the fireplace, he raised his head to look at Sherlock, stretched out in his pyjamas on the couch since one hour earlier, listening to Respighi's
“Ah, Sherlock!”
"On t-the back."
"It is a new riding crop, I bought it this morning. And don't yell, John," the detective answers without making the effort to raise his head.
Not that I'm implying that you need a brain and a wallet. -SH
fixed on him. They seem to probe each other from the end of their lashes and without daring to blink their eyelids for a brief moment, they're waiting for the faux pas which will give away the other one.
ou mean at the clinic, my workplace, where I save lives? Then yes, I was over there," smiles John instead of getting
"In the blue waste," he announces, proud to show to his flatmate his teaching on the waste sorting did serve, after all.
"No, no, there's no awkwardness. The only embarrassment he caused was telling me details of your private life -whatever you're doing- and that's none of my business," he smiles.
Well. -J
01:21 AM
"It doesn't make sense, John," the detective repeats before raising his face towards the suspects. "Look at them, they weren't able to kill him. They
The doctor does as he's told and opens his lips to suck with greediness at the finger invading his mouth. He knows very well what his flatmate is preparing as Sherlock stopped caressing his cock to make him open his legs. Sherlock frees his panting mouth without warning and trails his wet fingers between the doctor's legs. He puts his right hand on the member he surrounds without sweetness and cherishes it with such a perfect dexterity that John has to push his nails in his palms to refrain from coming too fast.
"Do you remember that picture you observed the first time we went to Sherrer's place? He was wearing a beige costume with branches sewn on it and a leaf crown? He was interpreting Pyramus in
How do you know I was out? -SH
"And you will have to apologise to his mother."
“You don't know what I'm thinking about.”
Two cops bring each a chair which they put next to the suspect and to the doctor, before the newcomers take their places. Sheri immediately makes a tender movement toward her sister, but Angie avoids her gesture with a sulky appearance. Well, John fell for it hook, line and sinker.
Yesterday evening, he had returned home long after the end of visitation hours, playing on his doctor's status to guarantee to his colleagues that his alcoholic sister would need to see a familiar face when she woke up. They spoke for a long time about the tests they had made her undergo before the operation, which revealed an alcohol level so high in her blood that even their father would have found it indecent, and then talked about psychological help she could benefit from once she was back on her feet. Dulled by medicine, Harry woke up twice, if 'waking up' is a term which can be used when somebody drools approximately three words while opening half of an eye. They weren't able to discuss her fall, or the bottles found at the foot of her bed by the first-aid workers, so John already planned to return to the hospital as soon as possible to speak to his sister about a detoxification, which is becoming more and more vital.
“I don't want anything.”
When the applauses accompanying the musicians stops and the conductor finishes to salute the audience, there are a few seconds of silence before his arms raise and the first violin starts. The melody is plaintive, the sound husky. John doesn't know Max Bruch so when he's discovering the sound like a child is discovering life, the shivers in his belly prove to him that all of this has a primitive strength he'd be a fool to try to describe. It takes a while for him to realise it's the first time he's in a room that big to listen to musicians this experimented. Even at his age, he still has new things to live. It's without any doubt the best news he had since a long time.
, thank you thank you thank you.
"Do you have any news concerning Sherrer?" asks John, piling glasses and flatware dangerously in a bowl.
The detective raises his eyes so high in the sky that he seems to want to hide them at the bottom of his orbits. He gets up, ready to make the tour of John's armchair, but is quickly stopped when the doctor's hand slowly winds around his wrist. Still seated, the elder one is looking at him, a frank smile on the lips.
You'd die of boredom. -J
"What a nice euphemism," said John ironically. He set his hand down on the ground for leverage, before getting back up onto his feet with difficulty.
"I'm going to take a shower and change my clothes. When I'm ready, I'll come to help you out."
"Sherlock told you this morning that we were coming here!"
, which tore away his skin and tendons, which tore his muscles and exploded his bones, and it's
11:29 PM
Sherlock barely raises his head, his clear eyes scrutinising one long second the doctor's body from top to bottom, before looking at the screen again.
“No, really, it is. It's false information. We could have sent anybody to notice it's nothing but a misunderstanding.”
"Thus, Benjamin would be the killer?" asks Sherlock with an amused smile on his lips.
“You're going to talk to him and you'll see that this is not true.”
The doctor smiles and resumes his walk, leaving the detective sighing out loud.
"Gregory," scolds the owner in a friendly manner, shaking her head.
"Yes, Jared Steele is an assumed name, because British people have difficulty in pronouncing my name..."
The DI sees it, in the same way as John, who gets closer to hear the deductions before the glittering stream of words comes out like a wave to hit Jared Steele:
“Oh, I'm perfectly calm!” he shouts as if he's trying to wake up the dead - which is probably his goal.“He is
The politician catches a chair, which he pulls in the middle of the room. With the end of his umbrella, he pushes away John's jumper that is on it before taking a seat and crossing his legs in an aristocratic gesture that smells like naphthalene. He hangs his jacket on the back of the chair, then does the same with the handle of his umbrella before facing the doctor to whom he dedicates an unbearable smile. Well, he is apparently settled to stay.
"Why did you leave so fast when Mr. Sherrer was killed?"
The percussion instruments join the race. Already gone the naivety, now it's the beauty of a fight Liszt seems to translate. And it's not John Watson who would withdraw on the battlefield. Without realising it, he leans too, presses the leather on his elbows on the barrier and turns his head toward Sherlock, but his flatmate doesn't do the same. The detective keeps his clear eyes on Denosa's soften gestures - and it's easy to see the drop of sweat at the back of his neck. There's no time anymore, not even South or North, it's one of those perfect moment where there's only music left, to their ears, their eyes and their wholly souls. How far away the Bee Gees are with their morbid promise.
"All the letters are the same. No disappointed loves, no hidden children," he moans, biting the offered neck.
. I find people only talking about themselves absolutely bewitching. I love them, they are my favourites because they're so sad,” he smiles and walks to the telescope he's now inspecting. “They're everywhere, every time. You're asking them how they are and they answer ‘
The first forty-eight hours, no one is authorised to enter John's bedroom. There even are two policemen guarding his door. He knows it because he hears the nurses flirting with them before they enter the room. No one mentions it to him but he knows how this works. Of course only Sherlock couldn't care less about the instructions and he comes and goes in the bedroom. It amuses John (at least, when the morphine is not too strong so he's not dazed).
on her?"
"Of course," John lies without any scruple.
It's barely eight o'clock in the morning now and even though John's stomach's gurgling, there's no way they're going to leave the bed that is now wearing both of their smells. So, John leans over his flatmate to take out of his bedside table a package of biscuits. He did offer one to Sherlock, of course, but received a shrug as an answer which he correctly interpreted as '
"At least it's clear..."
He returns to the Internet and puts down his almost empty cup before putting his fingers a few inches away from the keyboard (even if he always uses his indexes only without being conscious of it). He gives it a try and searches for the first words that come to his head:
"Moriarty, Mor..."
John, on his knees among the crumbled scores, raises his face and realises his shirt is still opened and he's still wearing Sherlock's nails marks on his skin, which tortured him a few minutes ago. He opens his mouth, doesn't say a thing (first he has to find what he could possibly say) and turns his head to Sherlock, who doesn't seem any more comfortable than he does. The DI's eyes open slowly and very wide before he raises his two forefingers to hold everybody's attention.
Not the expected answer. He opens his eyes a bit wider before blinking them quickly and straightens up in his seat. He doesn't think anymore about the porn video, their childish quarrel, and the violin. When he can trust Sherlock Holmes, nothing else really matters.
John breathes in and Sherlock breathes out, while their embrace tightens. Loving Sherlock has always been the most beautiful way of self-destruction. And when that chimeric life with which you have fooled yourself has crashed beneath your feet, there's only one thing left to do.
"Well that's new! Since when do you leave anything at random?"
They're looking at each other and if John has a shy but false smile which he brings out without really knowing why, Sherlock seems perfectly concentrated, as if he has done this all his life. John doesn't really know if he should be reassured or not.
They hear them, a few meters away but ignore them as Sherlock is nibbling John’s bottom lip. Sherlock’s left hand raises to encircle his jaw and forces him to keep his mouth opened while he licks his tongue and the insides of his cheeks and never a kiss between them has ever been this obscene. John’s hand slide to his lover’s shoulder and he
"What? Don't be stupid, I could have..." he begins to laugh, but Sherlock immediately stops him by raising a hand to catch his attention.
"I'm here, John."
He raises two fingers of the left hand to tell John to follow him. While they're walking down the right corridor, the doctor remembers that a few meters away is Philipp Sherrer's bedroom.
"What will be different, then?" John worries slightly, moving back by reflex on his formica chair.
"Bloody hell, Mark, I said no, just deal with it!" he exclaims, raising his bulging eyes to the ceiling.
"Sherlock..." laughed the blond man with a giggle; he was absolutely
"Where was he seated?" asks Sherlock raising his nose, as calmly as possible.
," the detective slowly realises, opening his eyes and hands wide.
"Sherlock, not here..."
"I lost, John?" ask the detective, slightly turning his head to face him.
, but he does as ordered and squeezes. It probably has to hurt Sherlock, but neither of them will complain about it.
first mistake."
He opens an eye and sees Gregory and Elisa, hand in hand, slowly coming closer to him.
They're surrounding her with a merciless tenderness and they take her far away from the eager gaze of representative people of a law they couldn't think more absurd. She's keeping her lips closed to refrain herself from roaring, and her cheeks are now tracked by tears that she wants the most murmuring possible. It's Sherlock who drags them up to the backstairs and, even if it smells like gasoline because it leads onto the parking lot, at least they aren't at risk of being seen by someone. Their hands release her before she sits down on a step where she curls up to hide her face of an impertinent sadness for a girl of her age. There are a few seconds of silence, heavy as their breaths, before a first shapeless lamentation urges John to kneel down in front of her, his hand finding the natural way back towards the shoulder he covers with all his kindness.
"Ironic."
to see you rummaging about in my cupboards."
"Yes, of course," Anderson answers with his chin raised and his voice made nasally by dripping pride.
"So, nine suspects. Do we have the names on the reservations?"
"It's sweet, but not necessary," he answers, his jaw a bit tight.
"Oh, she will
"John?"
“It's 3PM, John.”
"I hit Barrow."
His eyes squint at the fine fingers while he answers the order and watches them sink into his mouth, which he moistens by reflex. It's not something that he thought of having in his mind in that particular moment, but John's thinking about the detective's violin right now. He's seen Sherlock, so many times, bringing it out of his case, propping it up against his chin and sliding his hand on the rough strings, between divine notes and morbid feline rustlings. It's not surprising that a man like Sherlock Holmes manages to bring out of an inanimate object so many feelings, and John is very well placed right now to know stuff like that. It's as if his flatmate's playing with him while he's invading his mouth in an
"The dead man," the detective answers, as a disconcerting obvious fact.
Still no answer. The eyes as blue as the moon itself stare at the window, his mouth tenses to hold onto words like Dull, stupid little John and other joys the soldier knows well enough.
"Here you are! Perfect, now let me tell you how you're both starting to..."
wonders John. Would he just yell "Boring!" wildly, or would he plough into the first SUV to test the strength of their bumper during a frontal collision? Would he shut his eyes to study the probabilities of an accident for a thirty year old man momentarily blind? Would he jump right into the car and simply go to Scotland Yard and ask them for a case that would not require him to cross half of England? No, of course not, he is a reliable man.
one, please."
John looks at him with pallid eyes and whispers:
He still has a single question, before moving on, then he prepares his indexes proudly over the touches and types, letter after letter, the tip of the tongue out between his lips, in a grimace of extreme concentration: '
"But do you want to?" Clara nearly shouts, obviously losing her temper.
"Go back home and don't worry about me," concludes Jared simply, hands getting up by reflex to touch her, but the metallic noise of the chains is disgusting enough to make him abort his gesture.
when he moves on it - like a clown with peep-peep hidden in his shoes. No wonder the kids of the neighbourhood laugh openly at his face.
08:21 PM
"Even if I have no idea of what we will talk about..."
Let's say it was an intuition. -J
“No, of course, you're here to talk about Sherrer. I liked Sherrer. I liked my nanny too. Except when she was putting my slice of bread in paper towel before I came back from school. The bread ended up being soft and I hated it. Was your nanny doing that too, Sherlock? Oh, sorry, you're not here to talk about that either - I'll ask her myself later. Sherrer then! Sherrer, Sherrer, Sherrer…” the psychopath sings. “I met him in a restaurant and he immediately fascinated me. Do you know why?”
At warmth, at last.
11:52 PM
He pinches his lips to keep from smiling and sees Benjamin's glittering gaze (apparently the only person excited to be here today). He quickly waves at him before turning around and putting his two hands on the golden rail. As the metronome beats a rhythm in the air, which almost seems to take on a life of its own, the snap of the back right door resounds in the impressive silence of the room.
"Yes, yes, of course. We are going to question the first suspect this morning and we'll inform you."
"In everyday life, of course, but when I'm with you on the field, I'm invisible. Like when Lestrade meets us. He always says
The songs come one after another in the pub and Sherlock and John are still the only ones seated in their corner, drinking a beer which is getting warmer between their fingers. For sure, it's not how they usually spend their Friday evenings and everything in their attitudes scream awkwardness. John tells himself they can leave early and with the clement weather, they can walk a bit before getting on the tube. It still takes a few minutes of silence between the two of them - but two minutes of intense chaotic cacophony in the pub - before John decides to seriously propose to his flatmate to move. He raises his head, slightly opens his lips, but Sherlock seems so focused on the dance floor that he closes them right away.
"Sherlock, for God's sake, what are you playing at?"
Sherlock's smile is so soft and confident, the older man has the nasty impression he's the one who lost, without even knowing why. He shakes his head, slightly opens his lips to say something but nothing comes out, so Sherlock starts again:
No Sherlock, we're not going to talk about the weather. Give me a sec, I just need to find an empty room. -J
He approaches, and who would have thought that a single step was already a
Sherlock approaches until he slowly pushes John by the shoulders, until the doctor lays down on his back without a word. When his flatmate straddles his pelvis, he doesn't hold back the growl escaping from his clenched teeth.
"Oh for Christ's sake, Sherlock, I'm fine, and if I stay seated one second longer, I'll end up with a wet arse and no way I'll let that happen, got it?"
"Yeah, well, this is typically the kind of thing I say when I come across someone I don't want to see again: we'll meet soon anyway!" John grants, folding his newspaper, before getting up in turn.
women, so be it.
He bends down on his knees on the dirty lino and begins to collect the packages, helped by Sherlock who adds:
01:25 AM
to make him sick. It's an administrative mess into which he sinks by mumbling insults he doesn't even try to contain.
“I hate it when there's no battery left… But of course you're not here for that, Sherlock.”
"It still must have been a shock that he was killed in the middle of the performance..."
Sherlock releases the microscope and moves back on his chair to watch the doctor gesturing in front of him, and he doesn't need more than ten seconds to understand:
The word
"Lestrade knows we're searching Sherrer's flat, right?"
"Tea, what a lovely idea, dear brother mine," Mycroft is enchanted, making himself a cup of tea before sitting down again at the bottom of his squeezing seat.
John's eyes don't know where they're supposed to go. The landscape around them gives him vertigo. Mountains are endless, cliffs are disturbing. The green pastures mix with the cold and grey rock and he doesn't know if he's still on earth anymore. He already hates this island because he knows nothing will be as beautiful as this place. He hates this island because it makes him hate London, and yet, he loves London. They're driving along lakes, small and big, and he knows he could drown in one of them to be sure to never, ever leave this place.
She bends a little more towards the newcomer and the ceiling light reveals that her skin is covered with freckles. John pinches his lips to hide his smile and puts the file on the desk, looking at it alternately with the suspect.
"Okay, very well, and I guess that bringing out all these ties was absolutely essential?"
They take the elevator and go to the reception to pay. The brunette is back. She slightly smells like alcohol and she still has some ink on the back of her hand with the logo of a famous club in Manchester. Sorry, John, she's way too young for you.
The finger's pressing again and again, it seems to pierce him, to open him in two and to reveal him to the world. It doesn't ache when someone touches his shoulder, it hasn't for a long time now. Everything is in his head, because the medicine made enormous progress but humans are still so weak mentally. Sherlock finally blinks and John realises that his eyes are dry, bulging, almost. So he quickly closes his eyelids and lowers his chin, to follow the right hand of his flatmate, his fine wrist, the inquisitive hand and finally the index finger only an inch away from his body. And Sherlock is not touching him.
The one, the unique
"I am talking about you."
"How do you feel?"
"Ah, it was him then, the guy you were looking for?"
If they're lucky, maybe no one noticed the only consultant detective in the world just kissed his blogger on the mouth.
It's not a contest. -SH
They separate their lips and it's by reflex that the doctor bends again to continue the kiss, but the detective's hands catch him by the shoulders and make him kneel again. He takes the blue box and puts it in the hands of his flatmate who opens it with trembling gestures. John would like to keep his eyes on the aluminum sleeve he has difficulty opening, but he cannot refrain from watching in front of him as Sherlock's fingers remove his belt and open the buttons of his pants before revealing black boxers which aren't enough to hide his desire. That lasts no more than one minute before Sherlock dims the useless boxers and frees his erection. John straightens up a bit on his knees before he's ready to put the condom on him.
and I'm the
But he doesn't hear the answer, already sleeping, and he's not dreaming about trout at all.
file tried to make Sherlock believe. He wants to delete this file, but it's too big to fit in the trash and he knows he'll need help to get rid of it.
. He does nothing to hide the contortion of his face, but Mrs. Hudson doesn't see it and Lestrade doesn't understand it as he tries to remember if, in good English families, we put the knife to the left or to the right of the plate.
There's also something the doctor can't explain, it's the presence of Anderson. He didn't work on this case and John has never heard Lestrade mention him. John eventually goes up on the set through the small staircase and gets closer to him.
with a typography that is thick and vulgar. "Gay marriage and its disastrous consequences: how God plans to make society pay for this" he read once on a blog with gaudy colors and a content as questionable as the sweet and sour sauce in the cupboard above the sink that has been there since July.
Hello y'all! Many, many thanks for the last kudos and reviews, you guys are spoiling me. Today, please enjoy chapter 18, corrected once again, by the terrific
Just tell me if I can do anything for you. -SH
John, I'd like to ask you a private question. Would you allow me? I know some people are not at ease with this kind of subject. -SH
He turns around and smiles automatically at his flatmate, in pajamas, too. Sherlock has put on his long blue dressing gown, which he tries to close with sleepy gestures, before sitting down in front of the blond haired man who serves him automatically.
"I have to go," he sighs, getting up.
Sherlock takes a step towards his flatmate, taps his shoulder slightly and explains, lips stretched in a radiant smile, as if he's the winner of a game where he's apparently the only one who knows the rules.
"Remember John: look at me."
Most of the time. -SH
"I don't remember," deplores the oldest of the Walsh sisters, massaging her face.
"Safeword?"
Sheri Walsh exceeds the office where she was installed and approaches the small group in fast steps before she discovers the wrists surrounded with metal.
"Madam Sanchez? I'm Sherlock Holmes and here's my assistant John Watson. We're here to ask you some questions concerning ..."
Mycroft's name shows up on the screen and John tries to stop his heart from bleeding a little bit more.
! Thank you so much, dear!
"Thank you for not wearing a jumper," murmurs Sherlock, leaned over him.
"Yes?" answers the called one, lifting up his red nose - colored by too much wiping.
08:36 PM
"Well, his life's made so that he is conditioned to comply with certain obligations, therefore, I think we can say that he is
"You heard what Lestrade said this morning at Scotland Yard: Moriarty left for Switzerland and they won't ask for extradition to avoid a diplomatic incident. He's watched by the authority so he won't make a move. If you want, go light a candle at St. Bride and pray for him to fall off a cliff or that he suffocates with an expired chocolate, but meanwhile, I really don't think it's useful to worry. "
Too stupid.
"Especially because you..." John begins again before verifying around them that they're still alone and murmuring in a little, pinched voice: "especially because you're hanging out with people who have a lifestyle like Elisa's..."
. Let me tell you, this girl is pure gold. English is not my first language so I make quite a lot of "mystake" and she's sweet enough to, not only fix my chapters, but also to explain every correction. Thank you so very much dear <3
"Anna Sanchez told us that he loved surrounding himself with people and that he spoke, a
"If you say so," answers John, who tries to unbutton the shirt which prevents their bodies from touching.
“Come sit next to me.”
"Will you make us some tea, John?"
On his bedside table stood around twenty tapes, swapped and more rarely bought, all representative of musical styles very different, for which he had the same interest. Only Madonna didn't have a place in his earphone, already listened in a loop - and way too loudly - in the next room, where Harry put on the walls posters of the singer with the cone bra. Thinking about it today made John realise there were some signs concerning his sister's future liking, indeed.
"Even the two people - other than Mr. Jennings - present in this car park?"
He and Sherlock had to wait three days so that Lestrade, with the help of the Royal Festival Hall, could organise this reconstruction in which all the members of the orchestra who were present the evening of the murder are participating, as well as the seven suspects who have taken their seats once again. There are also around thirty policemen, counting the ballistics team and the ones that are guarding the exits, in case there's an escape attempt. It's pretty rare but, according to Gregory, a culprit has already tried to escape after barely entering the crime scene.
They're still walking, very slowly, arm in arm, even if Sherlock's feet seem to want to go backward at every step. John is following them from afar, holding himself on the dome of which the structure worries him a bit more at every second.
"Just a matter of perspective," he answers before getting up.
"But that's okay," he begins again. "You should see the state of the flat where John and I are living, let me tell you, our landlady made copies of the deposit check."
11:33 PM
"020 7371 7600. It's the number of the Thai. Their Som Taï are r-rather good, but I recommend their-r Thai Pat."
"Good day," he confirms, smiling, his elbows on the counter's reception.
"Well, I'll go..."
“Sherlock called me last night to tell me you weren’t back. We called every hospital in the vicinity.”
Hi dear readers!
05:17 PM
“Get out.”
He barely kisses him at first, because it's the first time John imposes a decision in their relationship and he knows that it's not the order of things. With their eyes open, as close as they are, they have to squint to look at one another. And Sherlock doesn't make them languish any longer while he catches a handful of fair hair which he pulls before taking the panting mouth with his tongue. Under their bodies, the scores crumple when their pelvises rub one to another. John's feet take support against the carpet and they don't even hear the grating of the creased photographs. John is concentrating too much to listen to the obscene groans Sherlock pushes into his mouth and Sherlock is much too occupied with doing all that he can to make sure that John lets go, again and again.
So terrorised by the idea of showing that you can be vulnerable.
So, yes, Sherlock's not a flatmate like any other and instead of having a fight about who didn't do the washing-up, they run when the night comes round London to catch a rapist or an evader. They don't have shelves with their name on it in the fridge because the head inside it since last Monday takes too much space. They never spend a cozy night in front of the telly because burglaries happen at night and no way would they wait until the next morning to go and investigate. So, admittedly, it's not normal, but normal is boring and boring is
. No one moves like that, watches like that,
Hey y'all! Once again, thank you so very much for each and everyone of your kudos and especially your comments. Reading about what you feel about this story is truly inspiring so please, comment as much as you want :D!
Sherlock sighs uselessly while John pulls the cover a bit more over his naked chest. They've been fully awake for half an hour now even though the doctor opened his eyes before that but didn't want to move too soon. The previous night, they ended up sleeping in the doctor's single bed, one against the other, moving (and grumbling) indefatigably. Sherlock removed his suit and even though John can only see a part of the hairless chest, he can feel his flatmate's bare legs against his own. Skin against skin, they only have the sense of touch to mutually discover one another, and that doesn't help the annoying morning erection.
When he hears steps going up the staircase, John reflexively passes his hand through his fair hair to try to calm his cowlick, which he doesn't see but feels all the same, and he recovers a bit more on the pillow behind him. The steps are slow, Sherlock might be carrying a heavy tray - did he think of making grilled bread? The steps are slowing down now, as if Sherlock didn't want to come up. And then there's another noise—banging, at intervals. An unbearable
“I know, I won’t tell him anything.”
“No,” he repeats, his eyes still attached to his lifeless brother's face.
"You're useless, doctor. Go away, you're not interesting."
What are you doing? -SH
"Jared, no, you can't..."
Since when did life consist on being abducted by a criminal in front of his home, bound hand and foot in the back of a truck without any number plate, before being taken to a pool with a morbid past where he was put in a jacket made of Semtex? Of course, John knew the reason: since half of his rent was paid by the unique, on and only consulting detective in the world, a music-lover and sociopath who mastered the art of rhetoric as much as firearms. Which could have seemed dangerous - which John particularly loved.
"Mister Jennings, you were at the concert on Wednesday, in a seat which was well, completely respectable. Thus, it must have been a present from your employer. You did not leave at the interlude and, nevertheless, it is clear that Liszt is not your favorite composer, considering the contemporary music which you're listening to right now. Why, then, did you go to this concert if, clearly, you fell asleep over there? "
At his feet, the doctor looks at the horn which the policemen put down, then farther up to two musicians with their arms crossed, looking at Sherlock with challenge while some of the violinists seem to stop even if their scores continue. Nevertheless, the music accelerates, catches the air for it alone, selfish thing that it is, until it pulls all the air outside of the soldier's lungs, who suffocates and suddenly stands up:
," he smiles slowly, using the same words as John had that particular evening. "But you don't know what BDSM consists of, right? It's not a reproach; even I, a few years ago, knew nothing before someone explained it to me."
11:51 PM
"Regarding my shoulder which is killing me or the fear eating up my stomach you mean? Speaking of which, do you think we'll be back home before 10P.M, because I have medicines I need to take." the doctor smiles and it creates an echo to the detective's lips which are stretching too.
"It's about time. Sherlock, it's him, right? All the others whom we questioned cannot have killed Sherrer?"
“Mycroft isn’t the one who ordered the firing.”
"I-I didn't..."
"I asked you a question."
He still hears the sisters arguing about what is chatting up or not, which is ironic, considering what just happened under the table between Holmes and him, but the detective doesn't seem to want to speak about it, because he's already in the room behind the two-way mirror, discussing with Lestrade who asks:
The first time Sherlock brings something to John, it's a Swiss army knife. John doesn't get it, he even thinks the medicines give him hallucinations but Sherlock tells him it seemed to him to be a useful present and John has the confirmation he's not dreaming because even if he's drugged, his own mind wouldn't be as incredible as Sherlock.
"The conductor... It doesn't make sense," he sighs and this time, John doesn't hear him.
The DI makes a sideways step and tilts his head to observe the ex-soldier on which the nurse was just putting a blood pressure monitor, and Sherlock turned around with the same breath. Three pairs of worried eyes were now looking at John who pushed back his head before bursting into a stunned laugh.
11:15 PM
. He raises his head, confused, but Sherlock is smiling at him. And strangely, this simple movement of lips seems to exist on this damned Earth only to reassure him.
A quick look at his mobile and John sighs; two hours left before the surprise birthday party for his flatmate.
"Of course we do, we went to his place, we know his flatmates, we know that he was a comedian, we know how long he's been playing in the orchestra..."
"Everything, you do everything you want! You'll do anything you can so that everything revolves around you and only
“You can take the bed, I barely sleep anyway.”
"That's it. Come for me.
Or the foreign cases. -SH
"I forgot it at home..."
"Don't worry, I only have a few questions concerning the evening of the concert and then you can go."
10:54 PM
"My hand..." he mumbles, opening and closing his eyes several time to try to focus his gaze.
"Angie Walsh," says John suddenly, eyes fixed to the small figurine.
Hi everyone! Many thanks for the last comments and kudos! You are all so very lovely for supporting me this way :) I hope you had a wonderful Christmas and I wish you a very happy new year - filled with Johnlock love (and smut!)
He lowers his hand and raises his nose, and he looks around himself at the three buildings in ruins, where the broken windows let him perceive the walls which are filled with graffiti. Standing there in the middle of nothing, he as the putrid impression of a musician in the centre of a stage that is giving him nausea. A second, then two, pass before he finally understands and tries to take a steps backwards, but the pain is already there and burns his left shoulder. John turns his face and sees his jacket impregnate with his own blood, and dammit, no,
"I understand," he answers in a half-smile.
. In such a disturbing way, John wonders what all of this really hides.
"Good luck," smiles the oldest in the room, while Harry makes a vague wave with her hand.
06:23 PM
John shakes his head, gaze lowered towards the papers he still needs to fill, sort out, and send. They are fine and light but they represent an abyss of everything he has to take care of and face. And even if he hears the door of his flatmate's bedroom closing and even if he knows he's alone, he abandons the medical records and walks up the stairs of Baker Street without a word.
"No."
"Sh... Sherlock."
"They took off the bag I had on my head once we entered the pool and it was the first time I saw him," taking the two cups, too tired to avoid getting burnt he came back to the living-room before sitting in his chair, Sherlock in front of him.
"Clothes," curses the younger man, who seems terribly disappointed by this discovery - but John remembers seeing him dancing with joy when they found the livers in a Vuitton suitcase when they were working on the corrupted doctor case, so he's no reference.
"We are sorry... But we didn't come to speak about that. I know that you have already spoken to the police concerning the evening and that you had told them that you saw nothing, but the slightest detail can help us. Please, think carefully..."
"Angie!" seems to bark the older one, turning her head to her sister. "That's my personal life... We'll talk about it at home, OK?"
Closing the plastic pocket, John raises his head and looks at Sherlock, sitting cross-legged against the bed, Saint-Saëns's
Here they are.
They’re both staring at a bouquet in a measuring cup as they don’t own any vase. John is not an expert but it seems to be a bouquet of wildflowers, violet and mauve, attached by a thin string, among which there’s a card that John picks up with his valid hand.
John presses his hand to his shoulder and jumps with surprise when the detective suddenly turns around.
"If you hate them so much, why don't you get rid of them in one go, when I'm off at the clinic?"
"Undress entirely now."
"Guilty?" asks the doctor once they leave the front steps.
who managed to correct this chapters early enough so I could publish it today. Why especially today? Because it's my birthday and I wanted to give
"Nothing important, but I have to go."
"Who is he?" asks Sherlock, slowly crossing his legs.
“John hates driving during the night.”
With his forehead resting against the glass of the window of his bedroom, John's lips form a half-smile. It's a gesture he wouldn't have been able to do a few weeks ago (unless he wanted to freeze his skin) and the simple fact that he can do so now, proves that time flies away too fast. It's as if January were only yesterday, as if the smell of Mrs. Hudson's curry turkey is still invading the ground floor. But the melted snow and the merciless temperatures have well and truly left the capital, and those are fine jackets and short skirts which the doctor sees from the Baker Street window. It's worse, because it proves that it has been ages since he spoke to Harry.
those long legs) before they leave the area. The speed limit is engraved in John's mind, but, oh how he would like to crush the accelerator pedal. He overtakes vehicles, weaves in and out, grunts between his closed teeth; his roommate's attitude and this bloody trip are enough reasons to make him want to shout. He yields after five miles, eyes glazed at the rear-view mirror; Sherlock's back in his black coat and sulking like a kid.
"A stab?"
," answers Andy, his hands clasped and his eyes bright with excitement.
“John?”
"Because you
"Have you been here long?"
! It's no use, they're in a state of shock. Get in touch with Lestrade..." orders suddenly the doctor, looking daggers at his flatmate, before looking at the stupefied troop. "Don't worry, we're taking care of this."
"And later on, we'll question Steele then."
"Does that seem familiar?" he asks, smiling at his flatmate over his shoulder.
Yes, please :D
Rebuild.
"Yes and you'll agree to make overtime. Isabella had to leave earlier to pick up her daughter or whatever. It's the last time I'm hiring a mother, I swear. Wake up now, everybody's waiting for you," Barrow curses, snapping his fingers like he is talking to a dog, before leaving the office with a heavy step.
"Was the last one to arrive at the party. She lives far away."
10:11 PM
"Was there blood on the horn?"
06:31 AM
Are you implying that you deduced I'm homosexual, when we met at the hospital? -SH
“Yes, my ex-wife’s name. I was taking his clothes off and the kept chattering about hormones we were about to develop or another stupid thing like this. I was trying to make him shut up when that Freudian slip happened.”
"You are so good for me, do you know that? Do you know how good you are for me? You're perfect,
Morwen Maranwe - thank you so very, very much dear!
"What? Wait, you were following... your
to do, that's all."
"In a private hospital on Clerkenwell Road."
The doctor closes his eyes while he imprisons the dry leather against his palate. The sensation is strange, undoubtedly not natural. All the more reason to continue. He touches the intruder that he has accepted into him with his teeth, embraces it with all the ardent slickness of his tongue, and takes great delight in that enactment of a kiss with a contained groan.
"Wait, was I supposed to put it in the black one?"
The young man hesitated a moment, closing his eyes. His hand awkwardly tightening up on the gun, and his mind clearly full of questions, before Jim Moriarty stopped all of his interrogations:
John doesn't move any more as the pressure on his neck gets painful. Sherlock's thrusts are quick and dry now and he's moaning in long complaints. He's holding the doctor's head in earnest and keeps both of his eyes open to look at him while he fucks his mouth with a possessiveness he can't hide. His thrusts are slowly getting out of control and his eyes start to close, and John tries to relax his throat as much as possible. Sherlock's sighs one last time, a dirty and yet wonderful praise, before the doctor feels on his tongue the heat of his come through the condom.
