John handed the half-empty cup to Banks. “Can you find me the phone number of Siobhan Pearce in Hackney. I need to talk to her.”
John, struggling to talk, whispered, “It seemed like a good idea at the time,” and his head dropped against Sherlock, unconscious.
Greg knew someone who knew someone who called in a favour and an hour later, she’d maxed out her credit card on an engagement ring. You needed to squint to see the diamond, but imagining it on Chloe’s finger made her feel all squishy and more than a little giddy. They picked up a dozen roses at the shop in the lobby – yellow – Chloe’s favourite.
“I want to take her home with us,” John said. It was the first time he’d said it out loud and until that moment, he hadn’t been sure it was true.
She knew her time was limited. John wouldn’t be able to stay away much longer. “I borrowed your phone. I thought mine might be hacked, remember?”
Mrs. Hudson ignored her, lost in her own thoughts. “It was difficult, the years he was . . . gone. Didn’t think John ever would come out of it. And now he’s . . . life is full of surprises, isn’t it?” She looked up at Kate. “Though I’m sure you’ve heard a bit of that . . . nasty business . . . with Mary . . .”
She stared out the window as the cab crept through the traffic and replayed their last conversation before she left.
Sherlock waited a few minutes to be sure. He reread the texts before deleting them and retrieved the cigar box from the back of the wardrobe. He checked on John one more time, grabbed his coat and scarf and ran downstairs to hail a cab.
Sherlock felt like he’d been hit by a lorry while doing a gram of cocaine. He didn’t quite understand where he was.
“A glass of water, I know,” Kate said. She hurried to the kitchen to refill the glass John had just emptied. “He doesn’t sound good. I’m not a doctor, but shouldn’t he be in the –”
“The connection to the play I understand,” he says. “You know my methods, after all, something has surely rubbed off.”
She stood and went to her bag. “I need to show you something.” She rustled through some papers and pulled out a single sheet.
Sherlock spent the next twenty minutes tapping his fingers against his thigh and scrolling through his phone.  John recognised that it wasn’t a good sign that Sherlock was willing to spend an hour following up on a lead that Donovan or Anderson could easily have handled by phone.
As if on cue, Sherlock’s mobile rings and I reach over and grab it from him. He scowls at me but makes no move to take it back.
“No morphine. Not until later.” John walked out of the bathroom, hair still wet. “Doctor said you need to wean yourself off.” He came into the room, greeted Greg and sat in his chair.
The man glanced at John (who’d never felt shorter and plainer) and back at Sherlock. John reached across Sherlock and extended his hand, “John Watson. I’m very sorry for your loss.”
“My brother’s obsession with Charles Magnussen has turned a difficult situation into an untenable one. Not to mention the latest addition to your happy little household.”
I leave him there while I go make tea and take a shower. I’m getting better at this now. At leaving him alone. I’ve finally begun to believe what I’ve been telling him for weeks. That the doctors are right. That the worst is over. That time will do the rest.
“You know him?” Before he could answer, she added, “Of course you know him. Our little visit was . . . interesting. I got the distinct impression he sees himself as Sherlock’s keeper.”
I was beginning to believe we'd see a new Sherlock episode before I finished this. But it's almost done- next chapter will be up tomorrow and the final one by the end of the week. Thanks to everyone who has been so patient.
When she came back into the flat, Sherlock was still sitting in his chair, hands steepled under his chin. He was capital T thinking and she knew him well enough by now to leave him alone. She cleared away the plates and take-out containers and found a place in the fridge for the unopened bottle of champagne. She filled the kettle and set it on the stove. No doubt someone would want a cup of tea before too long.
He lifted one hand to scratch his nose and winced against the pain. He closed his eyes and took long slow breaths. She noticed the faint sheen of sweat on his forehead.
He wants to tell them he hears them, that he's conscious. When he'll find his strength back. He turns his head. The oxygen mask is bothering him. Everything is so white around him. John wants to see Sherlock. He voluntarily lets his hand fall.
He sighs, tells the brown-haired man to wait, and quickly drops out by turning his back on them in front of the window.
The ex-soldier didn't close his eye for one second, following his friend with his tired gaze getting back on his feet, before pacing up and down in front of him, his thumbs nervously typing on the mobile he just got out of his pocket.
"John," Clara calls up with a firm voice. "I think Harry will be better in Southall. I just have to call Todd and she'll be able to go there."
John bursts into laughter and turns his back on the detective before walking to the cupboard with the used catch: the one where they're accumulating tea they're always buying in a large number. He barely hesitates and finally takes the first one in front of him - a Russian mix of black tea from China and India - and continues:
"You want to interrogate Anna Sanchez now or would you like to discuss what controls the girl at the reception desk? Ah, wait, look at the garbage man on the pavement there, do you believe he's more controlled by the collection of cardboard or glass?" suggests John with irony and clenched teeth, but before Sherlock is able to pronounce the slightest word, he feels his pocket vibrating and gets his mobile out of it, before sticking it on his ear.
, when he wants it? You don't live in the same world as us, John. Sherlock and I don't play this game, the game of… feelings," Mycroft drops with a voice much less controlled than usual and, for the first time, John feels like he faces a human being.
His last patient examined and reassured, John closes his surgery's door with the key he's about to drop at the reception desk, when he bumps into the head doctor, Mark Barrow. This forty-year-old man, blond hair with big blue eyes and thick eyebrows, late surgeon, now a man in charge of this small clinic in North London who spends most of his time between those white walls. Quite handsome. This man sways constantly between consultations on the run and wandering hands with the nurse in the first floor cupboards. Often, John thinks to himself that if he had a tan as fake as Barrow's, he could get off in a flash. Then he remembers the existence of skin cancer and miraculously, his libido soothes right away.
"After a tragedy, affection can make miracles," Sherlock smiles, already on his knees near the boxes, which he opens unceremoniously.
for her amazing comments that pushed me to translate this chapter (the first half has been translated by
. Not good to show to the world (well, Tesco) the gender of the person he's living with. He enters the confectionery department and smiles when he recognizes Jessica, the student who has worked here half-time since September.
Sherlock raises a hand which he imposes in front of the young man's face that silences him immediately, and John approaches to reassure him with a half-smile.
John gets closer in his turn but keeps his distance nonetheless. His hand closes around the metallic guardrail as cold as his lips he's pinching. There's something surreal to observe the city like this. He feels so far away from all of this, as if he never was a part of it in the first place and something tells him he's not the only one to think this on the balcony. They don't hear a thing, they don't say a thing. It's their Mount Olympus.
They're stretching out their glasses and Mrs. Hudson already rushes on her record player to play a jazz tune. Molly is lovely as always, she politely apologises to John for Andy's absence as he isn't able to come (a story of a new plants delivery that the doctor doesn't really listen to). She and Elisa are now sitting on the sofa and their laughs are invading the room.
"The killer wasn't placed in the back-scene," concludes Sherlock before stretching out his left hand to draw the trajectory of the missile in the air.
Moriarty rolls his eyes and lets his head falls backward, apparently offended someone dared to say something stupid in front of him. He flaps his tongue against his palate two or three times but it's so annoying the sound is stuck in John's eardrums. He sighs, almost disgusted and nonchalantly shakes his hand above his shoulder.
"... Yeah," responds John, almost sulking, who doesn't even know how his roommate can possibly know that. "Do you know exactly when Steele returns?"
"It was the time when my wife and I began to have... difficulties, let's say. She was spending the holidays with her family in Salisbury and I was staying in London with Sherlock, it was perfectly fine with me. "
Sherrer's flat is an astonishing mix of a life with roommates - as evidenced by the living-room furniture's disparity - yet perfectly tidied up and clear; in short, the only proof the tenants are all responsible adults. Compared to Baker Street's state, John is a little bit ashamed.
"He left his country when he was 17 years old to follow his studies in London. He's been living here ever since by making regular visa applications which he always, always has. And five years ago, a jerk from the immigration office behind his fucking desk decided that he wouldn't give him a new visa. It happens, you know; there's no history there, it's not because the person is living in the UK for 3 months or 10 years that it changes something, and if a fucking clerk decides not to renew a visa, you can't do anything about it. Jared panicked and if
It's a Vauxhall Astra and there's - never mind,” sighs the oldest man, shaking his head. “I don't think he's talking about the car.”
John contorts a little bit in his chair to try to perceive the door of the cellar, but he just feels the small trickle of fresh air which escapes from it. He gets up almost immediately and apologises to his host and to his friend by explaining to them he's going to get a jumper. Now that he knows the hiding place, he is not going to freeze anymore. He climbs the steps, humming on the air "Jingle Bells" by Bobby Helms. But once he arrives on the first floor, the music goes out little by little until he pushes the door of his flatmate's bedroom and no more sound reaches him. He switches on the ceiling light, approaches the cupboard and he has to open the double door before realizing how strange all of this is.
With an abrupt movement, the brown-haired man pulls on the hand he's surrounding and pushes John, obliging him to stay on his toes. The doctor wants to say something, but at the end of the fingers he finally feels the familiar sweetness he has been seeking for so long, and without further delay he catches the base of the pile of jumpers and begins to attract it.
fixed on him. They seem to probe each other from the end of their lashes and without daring to blink their eyelids for a brief moment, they're waiting for the faux pas which will give away the other one.
Sherlock's face became withdrawn, the mask of the worried man giving way to the one cold and harsh that nobody on this damn earth really liked, and the most fake smile on the planet appeared on his mouth. Oh, how Sherlock hated it when someone was telling him what to do - and it was precisely why Gregory acted this way. The brown haired man let the blanket fall on the ground and put his hand in his right pocket before walking toward the yellow ribbon uncoiled between two police cars. If a lot of adjectives were suitable to describe Sherlock, for sure,
“To what end?” Sherlock mused. “You … need him for something ...” He studied Mycroft’s face carefully. “No,” he deduced, you
For a man who was always so impossibly reserved in the presence of others, John always marvelled at the responses he could elicit from him when he was like this. The almost purring sounds he made when John’s fingers skated through his hair, along his scalp. The sharp intakes of breath as John gently dragged his teeth over peaked nipples and the hum of pleasure when John’s mouth, continuing down over his pelvic bone, and nuzzled into his groin.
— the court to judge it as "death by misadventure," so Lestrade would have to keep the investigation going. He was certain that Sherlock wouldn’t, couldn’t have committed suicide ... but if, if he was dead, Moriarty was to blame.
Sherlock was pretty sure that John wasn’t aware that he was humming along with his activities and Sherlock was loath to point it out to him in case he stopped. Sherlock liked this John, this happily domestic John. John in his caretaking role. Admittedly, he also really liked John in his all-action, take no prisoners, out of his way, he's the muscle role as well. But this was nice. It was warmth, it was comfort, and it was home. And the fact that this time it was John who had set fire to something in their living quarters rather than him, tickled Sherlock’s fancy immeasurably.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Seventeen.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J What, this again? A glimpse of the dazzle of brilliance, the pull of the dueling of wits. Wary, but still starting to fall under. So that's quite mad”. An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the left half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly centre aligned that reads, “S Nebulous, this idea, then, tenuous, illusory. But if you look closely, really look. There.” A horizontal line.
"I'm afraid you are going to have to be a little more specific,” Mycroft responded as he regarded his disappointing tea.
Moriarty’s expression morphed into an intense stare at the glass window. "Or perhaps it wasn't suicide. Maybe you should look at someone else for the murder, someone who might have been angry. They say jealousy is a great motivator. Perhaps Watson got cross at Holmes interfering with our budding relationship?” Moriarty grinned, again, straight at the mirrored window. "Poor Seb here was getting quite anxious that my affections have been wandering."
were being emitted from the top of the bed as John simultaneously licked the head of Sherlock’s cock gently into his mouth and pressed a finger back to circle the puckered flesh, waiting for the moment he felt the muscle relax, and pressing tenderly in.
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RViFRTgC2y4&list=PLrIkK6hpkIUjgwIhno1_tVyqJku86KGG2&index=97&t=0s
“Not quite. The plant gets its name from the ancient greek heleîn, "to injure", and borá, meaning "food". All helleborus plants are toxic, and all parts of the helleborus plant are toxic.”
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Nineteen.” A horizontal line. An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the right half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J Sinewy clawed feet bounce from weather-worn stone to weather-worn stone. Tilted heads ask; Who’s going to watch the guards?” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly centre aligned that reads, “S in the sense of being right, in the sense of being equal. In every sense.” A horizontal line.
John batted Sherlock’s hand gently away from his cock and replaced it with his own, commencing a slow languorous pull as he pushed his hips forward, his cock breaching that first ring of tight muscle.
with Sherlock appeared as if it was already threatening to implode and take him with it. He ran a hand through the short hair at the back of his neck and groaned.
" ... and we have a Mr. Jim Moriarty who, evidenced by a voice recording and CCTV footage, conversed with Mr. Holmes in person the night before his suspected death.”
John scratched at the stubble that was beginning to itch as it came in under his chin and down his neck, busying himself with the task at hand. Eggs cracking, pan smeared with butter sizzling on the hob, he started running over the situation that they now found themselves in.
Sebastian checked his phone. “The feed is still down so we can’t see him, but he’ll probably be able to see us.”
They had returned to the living room and were seated low to the ground, around a small table, drinking coffee. The conversation during dinner never strayed far from the weather and memories of London (despite spending most of his time in a recluse-like state in this part of the world, it appeared that Guerin made frequent trips back to London). And although Guerin engaged John in a line or two of conversation, his attention never strayed far from Sherlock, seeking his opinion, sharing his thoughts and inching closer and closer with every word.
John. Strong, warm, loyal. John. He tried to open his eyes, move his hand, something, but everything was heavy. Suddenly, sharply, he had the urge to vomit. A pained moan escaped his throat and before he knew it, something soft was being shoved underneath his head, on the bed beside him. His whole body heaved painfully as he emptied the meagre contents of his stomach. Once, twice. And once more. His whole body went limp but could still feel John’s fingers on his shoulder, back, rubbing gently, soothingly.
man?” What if I were to tell you …that on one occasion, Sherlock left DI Lestrade at the mercy of a criminal gang because he was simply intent on solving the little puzzle of who was pulling the strings. He only bothered to notify anyone of the Lestrade's location
“Shit,” John thought he heard a mumbled curse over the crackle over the device then. “I’ll be down in a mo.”
“You did bring something to do, didn't you?” John asked cautiously, pulling one of the many works of fiction out of the tired duffle bag he had set on the floor at his feet and tossing it on the seat next to Sherlock. The thought crossed his mind that maybe he hadn't thought this idea out as well as he should have, was confirmed a moment later when Sherlock snapped.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
For a fleeting moment he considered demanding more precise coordinates from his anonymous texter - clearly they wanted the body to be found, but no, even if he could get a signal in the bowels of this building, the world's foremost
Back in the office they had passed on their way in, Frank positioned himself at the computer terminal that sat in front of the window overlooking the driveway. John stood, arms folded, to one side, and Sherlock leant over Frank’s shoulder peppering him with questions as Frank fast-forwarded through the frames of the surveillance video that had been captured on the night in question.
He shushes his last resentments in a second and diligently unrolls the condom down the entire length of the cock in front of his face. When he realises that he's not putting his hand on the length simply to be sure he put the condom on well but also to continue to make Sherlock moan, he knows that the knot located somewhere behind his navel has disappeared.
"Harry," sighs John, pouring the water out of the jug into a small plastic cup which his sister catches, not without a grimace because of the pain.
He taps John's shoulder as the doctor gives him an amused smile. When an ice-cold breeze comes to rub their badly shaved cheeks, they both shiver before going inside by a silent mutual agreement.
So, they'll sleep in the same bed thanks to some trout with a life expectancy shortened by a massive, insecure Scottish fishermen incoming. Interesting, thinks Sherlock while following them to the first floor, at the end of the corridor where the bedroom is. He doesn't know a thing about decoration, that’s obvious, be he's not sure the three teddy-bears on the bed are really necessary. John catches the keys as if he's holding the eye Sherlock's keeping in the toaster between his fingers, and says farewell to the owner before she disappears behind the shut door.
John simply waves to apologise to the man a row behind them and immediately shuts up. Sherlock does the same and this time his face doesn't express mischief anymore but concentration. The melody flies away, gets more complicated, the apotheosis is near, the blond man can see it on the tensed hands on the wooden barrier. And it's true it's the best part. Enchanted by the last notes, John holds his breath, nods his head in rhythm without even knowing it. It's so powerful the bass resonates in his body, making his heart beat and his head spin. It's invading all his body and this sensation of letting go, at least for a few seconds, is terribly new. Heady.
Sitting in front of her is a man with really small brown and grey curls garnishing his thick head, illuminated by two blue, small, watery pupils. He's so large he seems to not be at ease on the small chair. His podgy fingers are pressing awkwardly on the table in the center of the room and the untimely sniffling makes him look like a big child.
John Watson is a soldier, the bravest this damn earth has ever known, but to see Sherlock so close to the edge only gives him shivering knees and a dying voice. So he calls and calls again, but the wind brings him back his voice.
And this time, given Sherlock's smile, he knows he's on the right track. They look at each other a second more and on the small table where their elbows are touching, they lean forward before starting a deduction game John is planning to succeed at this time. It's not an Olympic game where laws are clear and respected, there's no referee to kick off the drive, it's only a backstabbing and merciless sparring match.
"His name is Tim, and he's six years old. It's been a year since his mum and me divorced, even though it's been years since I've been able to stand her. I don't give a damn 'bout her, she can bleed me all my cash or the flat my mum left me, but I
wrong, but Sherlock has already opened the door and even if his coat is not closed and his shoes aren't tired, it's with an insane smile and fire dancing in his eyes that he announces in a voice stuffed with excitement:
who managed to correct this chapters early enough so I could publish it today. Why especially today? Because it's my birthday and I wanted to give
The DI makes a sideways step and tilts his head to observe the ex-soldier on which the nurse was just putting a blood pressure monitor, and Sherlock turned around with the same breath. Three pairs of worried eyes were now looking at John who pushed back his head before bursting into a stunned laugh.
"All right, people began to shout and what did you see?" intervenes Sherlock, nevertheless with a quiet voice.
, resonate in the car, but they seem to come out from a deep abyss where Sherlock would be stuck, and John refuses to look down to see him so small and vulnerable. He finally pulls over and both of them come out onto the empty street. The morgue is quite new, a small, ridiculous and cold house with grey tiles and a solemn sign to welcome the families. Sherlock is the one that opens the door and comes in first, but he doesn't say a word, so John is the one to go to the reception.
The first violins rumble a tender note, soft as a caress. It's not Bruch, it's not an expressive and dancing melody, it's the comings and goings of a wave on a calm sea which cradles the entire audience, almost timidly at first. John couldn't say why, and it's probably very naive, but it seems to him the note has the colours of beginning. It's like a promise. He doesn't know where the melody will take him, but God he's ready to follow it, body and soul. The melody looks like Sherlock, after all.
"It's only flashes but it's always coming back. We just hit the ground and I'm above Moriarty. He's looking at me. He's smiling and there's all this blood in his mouth. On his teeth. I see them. Red. So red. And I know why he's smiling,
"I don't really know what kind of man I am supposed to be any more," John laughs bitterly, rocking from one foot to the other.
"Wednesday evening, Giuseppe Denosa leads the London orchestra at the Royal Festival Hall. They'll be playing Bruch and Liszt's
"Oh, you still think that your blog attracts the crowds? Put it in your skull once and for all: nobody cares about Sherlock Holmes and John Watson's sexual life. Now, stop with Sherrer's pictures and help me emptying the last box," Sherlock imposes, pushing away the one he emptied.
"Her ex?" asks Lestrade, carrying the plates which he puts on the still bare table. "They are getting back together?"
, standing on top of the stairs, wrapped in his suit, a hand on the guardrail and armed with his most bestial smile.
There's something so cold in his voice that an offensive silence invades the ground floor. John shakes his head once and turns back before Lestrade manages to read the embarrassment on his serious face. He begins to walk up the stairs when the voice of his landlady calls out:
"You did that on purpose," grimaces the ex-soldier, short on breath and eyes half-shut because of the luminosity.
"Hello there," answers John, turning to his friend to give him his cup, with extra sugar and a smile on this lovely morning, and for the first time today, their eyes meet.
human) and other trinkets which don't concern him. He bends a little more towards the bottom of the poorly lit cupboard and curses out loud. On all fours, he stretches his arm a bit more, blindly touches what seem to be bath towels given the rough texture, until he finally feels a new box, bigger, which he slides a hand under the lid of.
"Funny idea, to organise that at a concert, especially during the interlude. But you had to cancel it, right? I don't see how you would have been able to continue:
"Take off his handcuffs," orders the young woman without daring to look with her eyes bulged by the fear at the DI who answers:
They walk for a long time in endless corridors, with walls covered by not-really-pretty abstract paintings which the ex-soldier would never see hanging on Baker Street's walls. They meet men as beautifully dressed as Sherlock, and John once again doesn't take offence at his own completely human appearance. The young woman has to swipe her badge three times to take them through doors which make them sink always deeper into the building, and when the distant smell of gasoline tickles the nostrils of both men, they look and finally understand: the car park.
"So, Mrs. Perkins gave me her till receipt, and as I told her, she went to the pharmacy to order the adhesive for her dentures on Thursday and not on Tuesday. Bad thing, old age is -makes you lose your mind."
In his left hand he holds a glass filled a bit with an amber liquid, and he barely has time to put it on the bedside table before John is stretching out his arm to take it.
John swallows, eyes closing by reflex and his legs stretching out when Sherlock's hands tighten on the skin which he rubs and bites with obvious pleasure. John isn't sure how he's supposed to finish reading this absolutely uninteresting letter while he feels Sherlock's cock hardening against his thigh through the fabric of his suit. And, as sleeping in a stranger's bed is not something morally acceptable, maybe kissing his flatmate on the carpet is totally okay? John prays for that to be true.
"For God's sake, Mycroft!" John yells, pulling the blanket over his naked body and up to his trembling chin.
They remain silent for a few terrible long minutes, and it's officially the most bloody awakening time of John Watson's life.
Sherlock smiles (but this time, his eyes don't get wrinkled) before slowly releasing the cheeks of his friend.
Will Sherlock Holmes, one day, get everything he wanted from living with John Watson and, satisfied with the memories filed up in his Mind Palace, grow tired of him? The thought is unhealthy, yet it repeats mentally inside the doctor, and to anchor himself in the present which seems to want to escape from his fingers, he puts his hands on the detective's thighs and hangs on to it.
. You're divorced and you lost, lost what, the house? No, in your file it is indicated that you live near London Bridge, very good district. There is something, something which obliges you to regain control of yourself, something which..."
"Two things: in the first place, I'm going to see Benjamin Cox again. Remember what Steele said, Benjamin knew everything about the orchestra. If I see him without his mother, I'll manage to make him admit what he knows."
by men; today, in front of his sandwich of whole bread he wonders if all of this obsession to label everything is not a bit thick, after all.
"Oh come on, Anderson, if we wanted to recreate the murder identically, I would have chosen a victim with a brain to explode."
"We started with the main thing. This word, you should use it as soon as I cross one of your limits, when something displeases you or worries you."
"And during these f-five performances, he played the P-Préludes," pursues the witness, who doesn't even seem to hear the doctor asking him questions.
In his bed, the sheets as cold as night, John rolled over for the 38th time. It was only temporary - the dancing red dots in front of his eyes and the voice of a man which was crossing him as if he wasn't even there – but, meanwhile, finding sleep was even more difficult than the tiles in the pool. Shit. Everything was going to come down to this, he felt it – the same way he felt when he came back from Camp Bastion when everything tasted like sand and all was hot as the desert.
John quickly backtracks and returns to the bed on which he sits down again. Sherlock didn't give him precise orders, he just told him to go to settle down, which involves many things. It might involve getting undressed, very certainly, but John doesn't really want to do that. Not alone. Not without knowing if it's what his flatmate also wants. He doesn't have time to doubt any longer because the chink of the door gets bigger and finally reveals Sherlock.
After his fourth journey to the vending machine which is short of M&M's, John finally stops on the seventh floor terrace to look at the city wrapped in a night punctuated by thousands of small enlightened windows. He closes his jacket and realises that it would finally be time to look for his jumpers, hidden by the good care of his joint flatmate. And as the wolf that Sherlock Holmes can be, John just has to think of him for his mobile to vibrate.
"Of course doctor, as soon as I am done with my tea. So tell me, Sherlock, how is this musician's murder story going? I am bored, amuse me with the narrative of your failed case."
It’s warm in this living-room of which Greg refuses to open the windows (for safety) and fuck John was only supposed to binge on painkillers and sleep, the DI wasn’t expecting this conversation to happen.
"By the way, we found the suspect you described as small and fa... Well, the man you saw leaving quickly after the shooting."
In 221B's staircase, John's steps resound like the drums of the soldiers' first line advancing on the battlefield. He pushes the door they almost never use, the one which gives into the kitchen, and finds himself face to face with his flatmate, seated on the other side of the table, hands on the microscope where his right eye was still concentrated one second ago. Sherlock's wearing a dark blue suit from which the collar lapel is covered with a black velvet. He also wears a tie of the same blue, decorated with a multitude of hardly perceptible grey points and John raises his eyebrows in front of the nonsense of such a dichotomy between their clothes. Sherlock and he are facing each other without a word because John's breath is obscene enough to invade the room with all its unbearable presence. He sniffs, keeps at the bottom of his ardent throat all of the insults that the punch in the nose he gave to his superior inspired in him, and the lips of the detective just have to open so that he grumbles with a husky voice:
"Yeah, Philipp was paying a little more than us... They have a good salary at the London's Orchestra. As a result he got the bigger room."
. Sherlock was so disappointed when they appeared in her. One misstep, one mistake and all that was making Irene her made Irene become like
They walk side by side for about ten minutes before entering the first station they see. Sat in a dangling car, John thinks suddenly again about the interrogation which had taken place in the parking lot:
She sends them alternately a sincere smile and in the absurd silence, and it's John who feels obliged to answer:
Benjamin has the necessary intelligence to understand that it's the closest thing to an apology he can get. He follows his mother and Lestrade up to the ground floor. John closes the door by sighing noisily, to try to calm his heart, and turns around towards his flatmate.
"If they were playing Liszt when Sherrer was killed, then why are you asking them to play Paganini?"
John's lips open and close twice before he understands that he won't be able to answer. He puts himself on his knees, avoids hundreds of papers surrounding them and helps Sherlock pull the last box closed with an adhesive tape which he hardly remove. Inside, there's a dark grey costume inlayed with small twinkling pearls which John saw worn in pictures of a representation where Sherrer was playing Hamlet. He removes it with delicacy, inspects it briefly and puts it on the bed, whereas Sherlock brings out a shoe box filled with letters which he starts to read. John sighs before murmuring:
"Shit, Jennings, I thought you were a pervert. Stop coming here in a grey raincoat, it really is suspicious."
"Did you know the victim?" pursues Gregory eventually, because Sherlock still doesn't seem ready to open his lips.
He cleans his desk made of plastic, a bit, turns around to the 15'' screen and automatically takes a glimpse at the Guardian website. Scottish Independence, politics issues in Eastern Europe and the start of the new year of school; nothing that could be a case. A new one that would not finish in a pool is preferable. He barely has time to go on his blog to check new incoming messages before the incessant
There will always be people to criticise the speed at which John scampers in the corridors of Scotland Yard, when he has to join Sherlock for an interrogation, but if we had to turn around every time an idiot dares to open his mouth, we would never move forward. At least that's what John repeats in his head to persuade himself, pretending not to hear the stupid barking of the cops whom like to call him "Holmes' faithful doggie".
a fanfiction - and that administration sometimes rhymes with nonsense. Anyway, enjoy your reading! *whispers in the background*
Sherlock turns his head and plunges his piercing gaze on his friend's. Evoking the past time of detox always dives John into an opportune silence. Sherlock knows it, that's why he said it. He focuses on the road again and from the corner of his eye he sees the doctor's nimble fingers moving over his phone. No matter what Lestrade thinks, everything
John wants to reply, but, of course, he can't. He can't possibly say all the things that are going through his mind right now.
That lasts one minute or maybe ten. It's useless to know exactly the number of seconds which are passing by, anyway. John feels good. Worse, John feels brave. He waits while Sherlock tidies up his instrument in his case silently before asking him, in a very quiet voice:
"Wait, wait... what are you talking about?" asks John, leaning toward the brunet, his eyebrows so frowned his head hurts - unless it's because of the cheap beer.
"I don't understand, how can he not have a visa?" John stammers, looking at Sheri then at Sherlock who shakes his head to say he doesn't have the slightest idea.
"Oh, no, we didn't quarrel," the young woman laughs, but it seems fake. "We didn't understand each other, that's all. We are very close, you know. We have no reason for quarreling."
Both flatmates are looking at the DI to verify if his phone call will end soon. He gives them a vague sign of the hand to tell them to wait still, before starting again:
Sherlock's left eyebrow slowly raises and, even if this conversation doesn't have much to do with this suicide story or Moriarty, John wants to talk about it:
So, seated on the humid tiles which were soaking the bottom of his trousers, only a few meters away from the green parka which was keeping him warm a few seconds ago, he asked himself why the resounded song was only giving him a trembling heart and an awful feeling of sickness.
"You are not ready but you're thinking about it. And that obsesses you," he looks at his watch and raises his head "It's late, go to sleep. We'll go question the Walsh sisters tomorrow."
It takes him still one second before he looks at the scene again, on which the musicians speed up wrists and fingers, the audience's breath being as warm as the notes. The violins hurry and the flutes exhale even stronger than the ex-soldier who puts his elbows on the guardrail, like completely aspirated by this brilliant whirlwind. The apotheosis is cadenced by the cymbals, the bass drum and the conductor's chaotic gesture. The drumroll meddles with John's heartbeat and the last note has the magic force which urges any spectators on to their feet, standing to face to those musician they're applauding until their hands hurt.
, every time the neighbors were giving Harry a tangible look of disapproval, every time the books and movies he watched showed him the omnipresence of the heterosexual frame in which John never blossomed.
“Hi, I'm John Watson, this is my friend Sherlock Holmes and we're coming for...” “Oh, yes, of course, they told me you were coming,” answers the man seated behind the desk.
There, no doubt he's alone. With spare time. It's good. No, in fact it's slightly alarming and completely useless, but he heard so many of his colleagues whining they didn't have free time that he says to himself that he can at least
with a typography that is thick and vulgar. "Gay marriage and its disastrous consequences: how God plans to make society pay for this" he read once on a blog with gaudy colors and a content as questionable as the sweet and sour sauce in the cupboard above the sink that has been there since July.
There are some people who are coming to do their grocery shopping with their pets, which they leave tied in the entry, and John thinks that it's something he could have done with Sherlock. There was something really, really weird in the herbal tea, indeed, because for the first time, the detective has followed him here. It's not that John doesn't like being seen in public with Holmes, but he actually knows people here, people who saw the contents always globally identical of his baskets: some ham
The inspector slams the door behind him and pulls a plastic chair to sit next to the doctor, whom he scrutinizes with worried eyes.
The detective doesn't move and tilts his head, intrigued by the tone of the doctor. He doesn't say anything and frowns slightly, so John resumes:
The woman hardly shakes her head and slowly closes the door, plunging both men into the usual cold of the capital.
On their left there's a iPod plugged on speakers. The quality is really bad and the room is so big and empty that the sounds resonates to a point they want to tear their eardrums off. John wants to ask Sherlock something -
He takes a seat and looks at them alternately, their rings inflated and their eyes hardly opened. They have said almost nothing since they have arrived at Scotland Yard. He has already found them more than once in this state, after nights spent running in pursuit of a umpteenth gangster. It's almost by habit that he sighs, drinking his own
that. Furthermore, the interrogation is not finished, Benjamin was going to speak. I am sure that he saw something he didn't have time to tell me."
to make him sick. It's an administrative mess into which he sinks by mumbling insults he doesn't even try to contain.
"Thank you, John, for this highly relevant remark. Well, let's us start again. The weapon is a Sig Sauer, 9mm pistol. It is a common weapon which we find with any artilleryman. Nevertheless the precision of the shooting proves that we're not dealing with an average citizen. The shooter was able to settle the silencer on his weapon very well before the concert and hide it in a handbag or under a jacket."
Maybe it wasn't the best pair of socks to be wearing. Should he take them off already? At least, these weren't resewn, which is doing a little bit to make up for this embarrassing situation.
A man no one sees. Nice and maybe a bit transparent. A man they didn't even investigate before they were done with the seven innocents. A man who turned his head to look at himself and who broke, by this simple gesture, all the power and the stageplay of a murderer.
He's convinced the detective is going to make a comment about people, but nothing comes out from this pedantic mouth. Good, because John could have changed his mind with a snap of the tongue. He turns his back on his roommate to give him some privacy to put on some pajamas and murmurs with an already half-asleep voice:
John removes his jacket, puts it on the chair of the small desk and sits down in his turn on the beige carpet before opening the second one. Unsurprisingly, they find scores and, by looking at his flatmate, John understands that they have to read every notation, then he wrinkles his eyes and moves the paper closer to his thickset nose. He would like to ask Sherlock what they're supposed to look for but as he's not sure Sherlock has an answer to that, he prefers to keep silent and drinks in all the '
for her amazing support. The case is almost done, you'll then find in this chapter the last clues. If you think you found the culprit, don't hesitate in saying so in the comments ;) Meanwhile, enjoy your reading.
He gives his credit card all the same and fixes it with a dark look as if he's trying to intimidate it. There's something about this credit card that always gives shivers to John, and Sherlock doesn't like it. Especially when he knows what he's about to say next.
Sherlock continues his way to the end of the room. He catches his padded seat before pulling it up to the bed, in front of John. He sits down and both men are finally facing each other.
Anyway, her breasts didn't have a say in the matter. It didn't work out with Sarah because of that thing so simple his male friend seemed to sometimes forget: it didn't work out on the human level. It could have probably worked on the skin-against-skin level, but to see her collapsing after the Black Lotus case proved to John the woman wasn't prepared for the lifestyle he had with Sherlock.
“I am sorry about Mycroft. And I'll be there, for the next days, months, years to come, I'll be there. As a friend, a roommate, a partner or... even more, I don't know how, but I'll be there, with you. For you.”
last name to emphasise his deductions. John didn't answer anything - of course, what can you reply to that? - he just nod his head once, a mechanical inheritance of his military training, to prove he understood, then they left without a word up to the mortuary where Sherlock proceeded to inspect Sherrer' body for himself, in spite of the advanced examination which Molly Hooper had already made under the pressure of Scotland Yard and
The atmosphere's getting so heavy that the air seems to become sticky and rushed into the lungs of all the present men and women here today. John doesn't realise it anymore, but his fist opens and closes on his right knee every time Sherlock almost crushes somebody. The detective still has to verify the first row, but he barely glances at the Walsh sisters, as if it's absolutely obvious that neither of them could be the murderer. He nevertheless turns his head in front of Sheri and stops all at once, then frowns and deciphers her for about three seconds before asking:
His back falls heavily on the mattress and bounces slightly. Wouldn't it be better to have a case that would prevent them from going to Skye? Shit, that wasn’t good. Sherlock was rubbing off on him.
Sherlock pulls a chair and sits next to the bed. Elisa does the same and Lestrade finally rests his hand on John's (the one that isn't hidden under an impressive plaster) and squeezes it, just one time. Of course they're guys so they don't share a word. Elisa rolls her eyes.
John climbs the last step and passes in front of their host. He finally discovers how tall she is. Half Asian, she must be about forty, as you can tell by the lion's wrinkle on her forehead. She has bobbed hair made of a dense black. She barely has make-up on her eyes but her lips are painted with a pink coral lipstick, and though John is not a follower of highly philosophic readings such as Vogue, even he can say she chose that color to look younger. Her left hand is wrapped in a splint which she hides under the sleeve of a two piece suit of deep blue, the beige end of her shoes showing. Not even heels. John has no excuse to be the smallest one here.
"The man who fired was, according to our estimations, placed behind the scene, near your seats. We need the maximum of information to close this case as fast as possible. You were placed in the 3rd row, is that correct?"
John strains, clenching his hands into fists against his thighs, and the condescending look of the oldest Holmes is enough to make him understand the real subject of this little meeting.
And once more, sounds do not even seem to reach up to the brilliant brain because Sherlock contorts in his seat to try to see the musicians from all the possible angles, at the same time kicking the back of the seat where Angie Walsh is installed, who curses very vivid insults.
John raises his head from his newspaper and looks to his right, the wall covered with the proof settled by Sherlock and Benjamin, where the suspects' photos have been ripped out last night. There's only Sherrer's pictures left, with and without his open skull, covered with a series of darts that the detective has been throwing since the beginning of the morning.
"Remember, she's the one who put us on Jared Steele's track by pointing out the fact that her sister was hitting on m... was
The coat finally put on the empty seat on the detective's right side, John discovers the costume in which his flatmate got into. The fabric is classy and the ensemble so neatly bespoken, it's clear the doctor will never be able to allow himself the luxury to buy the same. He lowers his face, crashes the tip of his chin against his chest to look at his own shirt, with a very clear blue tone, on which he already had to re-sew a button and turns his head to the left, then to his right, before leaning forward. In the raised side where they're seated, there are men and women a bit younger than them, with approximate costumes and simple skirts. In front of them however, on the seats in front of the scene, he sees the same
Today it's been three weeks that John arrived at the hospital. Sherlock sleeps a few nights a week at Baker Street. Not tonight. He's here when, at midnight, John's face is covered with sweat and tears and it's his hand which is passing a cold towel on his forehead. For once, John can loosen his jaw.
John approaches the detective to inspect his throat, even if Sherlock makes a sign to him that he's okay, and stays between the two men, afraid they might fight again. The air is so thick and heavy between them that John has the feeling he'd need a knife to pierce it. Greg and Sherlock are judging each other with their bulging eyes and they're pinching their lips to refrain from unleashing all the fury inspired by the other.
"If you say so," answers John, who tries to unbutton the shirt which prevents their bodies from touching.
He turns around and smiles automatically at his flatmate, in pajamas, too. Sherlock has put on his long blue dressing gown, which he tries to close with sleepy gestures, before sitting down in front of the blond haired man who serves him automatically.
John is his instrument and of him, Sherlock can make whatever he wants. That's what invades the doctor's mind, that's what sends Barrow flying, the rent for 221B which will be harder to pay now than before. That's what makes him forget all the troubles without spelling that which keeps him on the ground with all their unbearable gravity.
"See for yourself, you're suffocating him!" concludes Sherlock by pointing at the youngest, without knowing that he couldn't be more right.
"Leave me, Greg," the brown-haired man curses by rejecting the hand with a dry gesture, still not aware that Ben's rib cage is moving faster and faster as if he's running out of air. "You were the first ones standing up, you obviously saw something,
’ without asking you the question in return. Does it surprise you that I'm talking about that, Sherlock?” he asks, looking at him behind his shoulder. “You know, I'm a philanthrope, I like when everything is going fine between everyone. But I hate it when it's not happening the way I predict it would. It's a matter of logic: I'm smarter than you all so it's normal that you follow what I ordered,” he says with a disconcerting certitude. “I immediately understood Philipp Sherrer’s potential. He was so lonely, it was beautiful to see. And he kept talking and talking and no one was listening. I ended up paying him a drink and
Tilted over the rail, he watches his flatmate stirring among the cellists, climbing on the grand piano, sliding under a chair, before going up to the back-scene. He walks on the armchairs when he goes back up the rows, walks past Lestrade without seeing him and rushes between Doris and Benjamin to put his face at their level.
Around John, the melody ignites, he even grimaces because the strings next to him are drilling his eardrums, he has never been in the center of a playing orchestra.
The doctor is ready to speak again when the door opens. Sherlock, with his improbable purple shirt and an inexpressive face, and a teenager enter the room. She has the exact same eyes as Sheri, but they're so covered with make-up that it is difficult to see it. She has long, light brown hair which falls on both sides of her face and a very fine plait that is put behind her ear. Her denim dress and compensated sneakers remind John that this fashion is on the way back from the 80s. It's like going back to the future and questioning Harry, but never mind.
They're so close it's evident to both of them that whatever Sherlock answers, he'll not be able to lie, so he shouldn't even try. John scrutinises his eyes—which are as clear as his genius is dark—his expressionless lips and his whole face to find the lesser twitch, the smallest shudder, but it's not an out of control muscle which betrays the detective. It's his smile, so frank and so honest that it's as painful as a fist against the ex-soldier's ribs. He's looking John straight in the eye, with no other look on his face except a smile that can only mean one thing. So it's John who quietly releases his arm and clenches his fingers where blood forgot to go for a few seconds.
On the other hand that would have been quite practical, but no, Doris and Benjamin Cox, Angie and Sheri Walsh, Jared Steele, Craig Jennings, and Anna Sanchez all entered the room at the same speed, then removed their jackets and bags from their shoulders before taking a seat as if they were ready to attend any representation.
"During these last months, she took care of always taking the mail before him and every time I called on their telephone - to plead an advertising call or a call from their bank - she answered, sometimes out of breath, proving that she preferred to tumble down three floors rather than to let her son answer. And then there is this so-called husband on a business trip, which I looked into. If Doris is actually married to a Robert Cox, Robert Cox is also the name of a British citizen who died at Walvis Bay, in Namibia, seven months ago, during a road accident."
"Well of course I d-did, I watch the telly," he retorts with a disconcerting self-assurance. "But m-mom still thinks I'm a child."
Sherlock sighs uselessly while John pulls the cover a bit more over his naked chest. They've been fully awake for half an hour now even though the doctor opened his eyes before that but didn't want to move too soon. The previous night, they ended up sleeping in the doctor's single bed, one against the other, moving (and grumbling) indefatigably. Sherlock removed his suit and even though John can only see a part of the hairless chest, he can feel his flatmate's bare legs against his own. Skin against skin, they only have the sense of touch to mutually discover one another, and that doesn't help the annoying morning erection.
Sherlock is now sitting on his armchair, deciphering with his dancing eyes the score given to him by Mrs. Hudson. Of course, he doesn't raise his little finger to help the doctor. That's not a bad thing, seeing that tidying up with Sherlock Holmes is as useful as exercising by eating french fries. The detective always finds a souvenir or a collected proof from a previous investigation and they find themselves seated on the ground, remembering the cases they went through together.
"Well, thank you," smiles Gregory, who takes advantage of this unique chance to receive a compliment from this brat he's taken care of for a few years now. "That's right, how do you know that?"
"I was... Heum... Still sat. And all these people stood and turned to the scene. Except a guy, I think. It was quick but I saw him on the back row and he stayed sat down. He was with a chick, sorry, a
John turns the key once in the creaking lock and trots, more than he walks, to the reception desk where he puts down his keys, like every time he works at the clinic. He smiles at the receptionist, slides the pad where he noted his appointments (even the cancelled ones) on the counter, and doesn't turn his head before passing by the double glass door. Lately, the desire to meet Barrow is as attractive as putting his hand under a lawn mower.
47 minutes during which so much could have happened. How much can he hate Sherlock Holmes and his way of turning the simplest of sweaters into an obsession of which the ex-soldier would have to avoid? Because even if it's only a piece of fabric - perfectly belted on a curved body, of course - since Sherlock left the table and followed that Elisa, it's become so much
"Which means that Sherrer wasn't looking at his score when he was killed. He was looking at the conductor."
He frowns his fair eyebrows and bends forward until almost crushing his nose against the screen. The first proposed site (a porn one which he had never consulted before), entitled its page
growling like thunder as if they were facing the crocodile in Peter Pan is going to drive them crazy. During the day, when the visitors hurry by hundreds, the brouhaha is enough to cover the sound the tiny hands squeak. They try to open several doors which are closed and start to run even if it’s killing the doctor’s shoulder. When they finally find the spiral staircase made of stones, supposed to be closed by a rope covered with red satin, Sherlock steps over it and John takes of the snap hook to be able to pass, before closing it behind him. Here they are, running to the inevitable.
Noise and people. It's moving under him. He's moving. Not alone, of course. Nurses. Where is Sherlock?
John has a bright smile, slightly shaking his head while he takes his fork back in his hand to finish his plate. In an almost religious silence, they're looking at the scene where Jo McKenna, motionless, follows the killer's shadow with her eyes, her husband running in search of the good box. The doctor can't help himself, he has to glance at his flatmate and the way the crystalline eyes are slightly bulging. How the eyelids aren't blinking once proves that the Hitchcock tension affects Sherlock Holmes just like any human being. On the blanket he pulled up to his legs, Sherlock rests his right hand, and John has the very primitive desire to wrap it in his.
how to obey orders. With tense muscles and a mouth wetter than ever, John rolls up in his tongue both fingers which are coming and going between his lips in a movement that he doesn't have the naivety to believe has any ulterior motives. And when John imagines sticking something else other than Sherlock's index finger against his palate, his heart makes a leap in his already dancing rib cage; but seven years of medicine aren't sufficient to know if this particular beating betrays fear or haste. Then John acts as his most primary desires have taught him: the unknown, he
Sherlock smiles, the millions of stars seeming to gain in intensity and John rolls his eyes, tightening his fingers around his cup of tea.
Hey y'all! Once again, thank you so very much for each and everyone of your kudos and especially your comments. Reading about what you feel about this story is truly inspiring so please, comment as much as you want :D!
That makes Benjamin jump up, and even if it doesn't make the doctor blink, he can't help but see the deep and painful inhalation of the younger man. Benjamin moves back awkwardly, eyes bulging with fear at seeing a real weapon, and John knows what that means: it's the look of the first time.
John removes his shoes without using his hands. His body goes along the headboard and he closes his eyes. Even when Sherlock doesn't come to talk to him at midnight about his latest findings on the case John seeks his voice.
file has a three star priority when he sends him a new case, or comes close to the trash when he asks him to take Father and Mother to go see Les Mis). The Woman's file is sealed and locked. There will be no other information to add; you can only see it without being able to make any changes. In this file, there is everything, literally. Measurements, texts he never replied to, the connection with Moriarty, the last known address in Hanoi, and the
“But that's okay, Sherlock. We can spend the night, just the two of us. Well, just the three of us as…” he starts, agitating his hand to the doctor, clearly trying to remember his name, before he snaps his fingers. “
“I know, John, we talked about it for fours. But he didn’t place any snipers. Since the reconstitution at the Royal Festival Hall he hired henchmen to protect us and one of them noticed you were being followed, the morning you went to Scotland Yard. He wanted to get you out of London to protect you and…”
Sherlock looks at him without a word (at least, he seems to realise his presence here) and the atmosphere is more electric than ever while he hammers the polished wood of his inquisitive steps. No need to be his flatmate to understand that Sherlock's nerves are about to break. He turns around to look at their empty seats on the right balcony one last time before climbing on the small red platform and John almost chokes on an indignant laugh: Sherlock took the conductor's place.
How stupid it is, this way of repeating word for word his superior's claims; a useless legacy of his military training.
“Have I ever told you how brave you are for tolerate living with him?” Lestrade smiles as extremely tired by this story. “He moved a few days later and we never talked about it again. It was a huge mistake from me to thought he could submit. It requests a lot of courage to submit to anyone and it’s simply not who he is.”
"We have to go, John, don't you have some shopping to do for the preparations of my surprise birthday?" Sherlock hurries to answer by opening the door, which makes the DI shout:
From the third drawer he brings out the blue box and turns around, ready to come down again, but stops when he sees Sherlock standing in the doorway. Neither of them comment out loud on the memory of this situation, when Sherlock came up to this floor and when John was still smelling the chlorine and had assured Sherlock with a very confident voice that he was handling it. But John's lies appear to the face of his flatmate as the purest of murmured truths.
There's a metallic taste invading John's mouth and it's maybe because he bit himself hard enough to bleed, but he doesn't feel anything. If Sherlock kisses him, will he also taste this unpleasantness? Did John at least brush his teeth? And are they going to use their tongues? Shit, Sherlock's questions were so mesmerizing that now the soldier can only think in questions.
The owner, William, a thirty-year-old bearded man gives them the Wi-Fi password before their bedroom key. Changing times.
As some of you may already know, I'm publishing this story on FanFiction too -- but I soon will stop. Here are the reasons I wanted to share with you too, this concern the fanfiction world in general :)
He returns to the Internet and puts down his almost empty cup before putting his fingers a few inches away from the keyboard (even if he always uses his indexes only without being conscious of it). He gives it a try and searches for the first words that come to his head:
"This," he repeats, and this time he waves his pale hands in the air to emphasize his words while getting closer to the older man. His forefinger lands on the center of his forehead and pushes.“You're polluting your mind with useless information. Clean up your hard drive and let's move on, shall we?”
file is neatly tidied. Many are available, depending on the information evolutions (for example, the
"Of course we do, we went to his place, we know his flatmates, we know that he was a comedian, we know how long he's been playing in the orchestra..."
Hi! Sorry it's been so long since my last update but here's chapter 16 - tadah! Many, many thanks for the last kudos and subscribers (is that really a word?) and if you want to leave a comment after your reading, you'll make me the happiest girl in the neighbourhood
John jumps with surprise, moves back awkwardly and stands up quickly on his feet. With his shoulder resting against the open doorway is Sherlock, arms crossed against his torso. He has found his bottle of champagne, after all.
It shines and sparkles, it's invading the lounge of the ground floor with red, green, and gold, and it makes Mrs. Hudson smile like the child she was a long time ago. Baker Street is dressed for Christmas with the garlands which smell stuffy because they haven't brought them out for a year, and with the balls they put on the small Christmas tree near the fireplace. It smells like curry, even if it's not very traditional, because in a magazine for mature women there was a new turkey recipe which intrigued Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock and Lestrade are fed up with her chestnut turkey, though they have never told her, but she sees how the oldest one forces himself to eat it and how the youngest hides his leftovers in his pockets before throwing them in the neighbor's trash can so she can't see it.
The detective instinctively turns his head, finger still pointing at Mycroft. His eyes are slightly bulged and he has this sort of madness in them, characteristic of the deductive genius starting up.
. It's what the man who was sitting behind us said. Who needs to see anything this badly at a concert?"
"Sherlock?" Lestrade intervenes by raising a hand to prevent him from answering, which immediately works.
Despite the perfectly serious and concerned look on the youngest man's face, John surprised himself by smiling, and his hands didn't shiver once. Because no matter if a psychopath with an international reputation had just placed a time bomb on his back, which could have blown up Westminster, it was out of the question if he ended up with a wet crotch in front of half of Scotland Yard.
"Yes, precisely," specifies John, arriving in his turn in the living-room, drying his hands with a cloth which he then puts on the back of his seat.
John rolls his eyes and quickly takes his jacket off and puts it on his knees before grabbing the black fabric over the detective.
“I’ve slept alone in a hotel room, John, I know the mechanics. I have to empty every whisky bottle from the mini-bar into the sink, buy the pornographic movies and turn up the volume to its maximum, burn the sheets, and steal all the guest soaps.”
"You've never heard about Sherlock Holmes?" John cannot refrain from asking with a small chuckle always totally bewildered to meet people like him.
in which is published today the map of the concert hall. I recommend you to take a look at it, to guide you through this chapter.
"All the letters are the same. No disappointed loves, no hidden children," he moans, biting the offered neck.
It's on the fourteenth floor of King’s College Hospital, against Sherlock's lips, that from that night on, John Watson doesn't
"I mean, because apparently everybody is controlled by something..." the doctor tries to explain by massaging his neck, hiding his face behind his forearm.
“No, Sherlock, I'm not going to leave you here, you're not a dog. Get in the passenger side and - oh screw it, go sit behind me, I don't want to see you anymore.”
) hypothesis of a sexual act with reproductive purposes, that after nine months would have resulted in a new entity named Hamish.
"Then he was seated on the left side of the stage, is that correct?" asks John who tries to remember the room.
She is tilted toward John and he is just the same, because they might be in a hospital but they both know that the screams are bubbling out of them and they are coming so deep from their guts that they'll have difficulty containing them.
The doctor just raises a hand to answer him. He has red cheeks from the sudden change of temperature, his eyes maybe a little inflated, also, and his breath is jerky.
at Benjamin to verify that Sherlock's attitude doesn't perturb him too much, but the youngest doesn't seem very embarrassed by the arrival of the most brilliant of the sociopaths.
"I don't understand why," John begins, but he's quickly stopped by the barkings of Lestrade which interrupt him:
"I don't know who you think you are, but I will not let you finish in these conditions. You owe us a minimum of respect."
When Sherlock pushed the door to get onto the first floor and John discovered above his shoulder the living-room was already lit by the few lamps that were still turned on, the doctor let out a deep sigh which moved his entire being. His respiration was a step fiendishly complex, always vital but sometimes so painful. John had lost his breath once, his face buried in the sand, his shoulder bleeding and the pain reigning on all his body. He swore to himself he'll never live through something like that again.
And this time the music seems so powerful that Jim put both of his fist against his chest. He's pulling a face, and the ecstasy emanating from his smile reminds John of one Gian Lorenzo Bernini’s statue, Saint Teresa or Saint What’s-her-name, it's not the most important, the most important is the conviction burning deep in him that a bomb will explode at the end of the song. But the song slowly ends and Moriarty finally opens his eyes.
"It was supposed to be placed in your coat. Oh, really, it was supposed to be a one or two week pastime, maximum. I would have never guessed that we would live it for a year..."
Slowly, inch by inch, the detective turns around, with his chin low and his eyes focused on the doctor. His face expresses nothing, but Sherlock Holmes just has to be himself for John to feel exposed.
It's been exactly a week since Sherlock started to daily bring up Denosa, the Royal Festival Hall or even a musical instrument, leaving John the odd impression nothing else really matters to the detective. Because with this Moriarty story being over, the ex-soldier thought -mistakenly- Sherlock would jump on the next case like his aunt Annie jumps on a Sainsbury's discount coupon. But it has been eight days since they entered the pool, eight days that nothing had happened and eight days since the detective seemed perfectly okay with inactivity, and that's a first. Music really does have a magnetic power on Sherlock Holmes.
"I don't doubt that," the doctor answers, accepting a handful of darts which Sherlock gives him with pleasure before aiming at the face of the musician - but he only hits the collar of the shirt.
John stops and even the silence surrounding them seems to be scandalised by the nameless ineptitude that has just resounded. There really aren't one thousand possible choices: he can pass on, drop off his files and take the Victoria Line, hoping to find an empty seat. He can also stop, turn around and explain point by point why this sentence has as much legitimacy as a florist in an operating theatre and that it demonstrates only a deep and blatant lack of knowledge - and respect - of women and humanity. But of course, it's the third option John chooses while his shoes creak on the linoleum. He quickly approaches the most orange human being he has ever met and even if, in his mind, there's a forest of words to support his explanations, he simply raises up his fist and when he feels the nose of his boss cracking under his phalanxes, he thinks to himself that he undoubtedly managed to send his message.
It was not the best sandwich in the world –it had an aftertaste of dill- but John was so hungry that even Aunt Astrid's creamed salmon would have made him cry tears of happiness.
He pinches his lips to keep from smiling and sees Benjamin's glittering gaze (apparently the only person excited to be here today). He quickly waves at him before turning around and putting his two hands on the golden rail. As the metronome beats a rhythm in the air, which almost seems to take on a life of its own, the snap of the back right door resounds in the impressive silence of the room.
"It wasn't easy to get you here, Mr. Steele," Greg begins, which automatically makes the suspect react.
"It's the second time you've said that; in what way does the law hold so much importance to you? Oh..." and suddenly, his hands open at the same rhythm as his eyes and his shoulders tighten, because Sherlock has the intuition of a bloodhound and he has found something for sure.
"We needed something to represent the musicians," indicates Sherlock, vaguely waving a hand over his shoulder, eyes fixed on the wall.
So, yes, Sherlock's not a flatmate like any other and instead of having a fight about who didn't do the washing-up, they run when the night comes round London to catch a rapist or an evader. They don't have shelves with their name on it in the fridge because the head inside it since last Monday takes too much space. They never spend a cozy night in front of the telly because burglaries happen at night and no way would they wait until the next morning to go and investigate. So, admittedly, it's not normal, but normal is boring and boring is
In the room where his sister stays, there are 4 other busy beds, hidden behind curtains that have been closed. Of course, Harry is claustrophobic so they left hers opened, even if she sleeps soundly, dulled by medicine. She has purple-encircled, swollen eyes and her cheeks are red, punctuated with visible bursted veins. Her right leg is wrapped in an impressive plaster cast and her amorphous arms are lazily resting on her stomach.
They’re both staring at a bouquet in a measuring cup as they don’t own any vase. John is not an expert but it seems to be a bouquet of wildflowers, violet and mauve, attached by a thin string, among which there’s a card that John picks up with his valid hand.
," cuts off the brunet, standing on his feet across the kitchen table, with a straight face and eyes like magnets fixed on the older man.
"Greg," John repeats, this time more seriously, because Sherlock doesn't even seem to have the strength to speak. His eyelids are quickly shaking.
Sherlock stops, turns around, smiles at him and quickens his pace again. John is really in no hurry to climb that high.
," answers his friend before twisting himself awkwardly to let John undressing him despite the limited space.
"Sheri still thinks her sister is a child, Angie thinks her sister is a woman of easy virtue; same old, same old. Do we have the identity of the boyfriend?"
"What a nice euphemism," said John ironically. He set his hand down on the ground for leverage, before getting back up onto his feet with difficulty.
"John, I don't care what people think. People are boring. They're idiots, distracting sometimes by their stupidity, but in no case should their verities be considered as The Truth. Do you think it's right to take into consideration Anderson's claims when he calls me a freak?"
The doctor opens his eyes and looks for the first time at the face overhanging him. It's an obvious fact, of course, Sherlock is magnificent, but he has never been so
“Exactly. At the beginning of the week, I still suspected Angie Walsh had knocked off Sherrer, and everything revolved around those seven suspects. Today, Moriarty – who cannot be pinpointed on a bloody map,
, of course, the telescope. They arrive under a dome and the doctor loses his breath for a second. He never likes high, might that be if he's on top of a tower or at its feet. To raise his head to look at the white telescope makes him dizzy. It looks like the telescope is stucked in a gigantic spiderweb, expect the rods holding it are made of metal. The dome is open and the tip exceeds from a few meters. John feels so small.
The next morning the bill is paid without any grimaces from the doctor. But they don't leave. The idea wasn't clearly emit but none of them spoke about car keys, road or GPS. Instead they talk about the lake which the receptionist talked of in glowing terms, and about the little harbor where stocky men with fingers damaged by hooks prepare their fishing rods. Sherlock did try from time to time to explain to John how this one was cheating on his wife, and how much this one won at the lottery without telling his sister, but John simply smiled and asked him to shut up.
The blond man thanks him with a nod and leans against the least used counter before slowly savouring his green tea with subtle flavors of grapefruit.
And the door opens and Sherlock springs out, snatched by a shape which attracts him in the corridor. John jumps up in his turn, hears before he sees his gun falling and congeals on the spot, seeing his flatmate stuck to the wall, caught by the throat by a muscular forearm:
"Oh! Look at his sardonic smile. He blames me for being shot at. He's quite susceptible, isn't he?" Moriarty laughs, hiding his hands in his coat pockets.
Sherlock doesn't answer, but frowns his nose in an absolutely incomprehensible grimace, while Benjamin kneels down near the model improvised to point at the cut silhouette on which the head of Sherrer was glued.
“Well, Sherlock Holmes is a romantic in the end,” Lestrade laughs, standing next to John to take a look at the card.
“It was ridiculous. A catastrophy. We almost broke each other’s nose when we kissed, plus he kept asking question, which was turning me on as much as vacuuming does. You have no idea, John, how much this night is the quintessence of the most awkward night there is. Well, maybe -
. Also, I'm sorry for the late update. As you may have heard, things have been quite difficult in France those past weeks, so I didn't have time to translate much. Now that it's done, I hope you'll enjoy chapter 10 :)
“Because if knows and doesn’t kill me himself, Mycroft will by learning it’s I who teached his brother to use a riding crop. But don’t judge Sherlock, okay? Despite everything I can say… he’s a good guy, you know.”
"Craig Jennings, Anna Sanchez, Shery and Angie Walsh, Doris and Benjamin Cox, and finally, Jared Steele," presents Lestrade by throwing the file on his desk which John hastens to open.
"Costumes," rectifies John, pulling out meticulously a few wigs and fancy dresses awkwardly. "We never investigated a comedian's murder."
This time, John hits the lobe of Sherrer's ear and turns towards his flatmate, a light pout distorting his face. Sherlock's lips pinch, very conscious that he's being observed. He throws a dart and turns to face him before correcting:
The doctor turns off his mobile and sighs out loud. The discussion has almost slipped over the subject he's been trying to avoid the last few days - especially since Sherlock had almost kissed him - and John doesn't really feel at ease with the idea of speaking about it. He mentally shakes himself to keep silent the small shiver which browses his muscles and approaches room n°108. Even from where he is he can hear his sister's voice, which means that either someone entered the bedroom or the alcohol has finally broken her mental health. It would be easier if it's the second option. John slowly pushes the poorly closed door open and the person that he sees almost makes him jump with surprise.
He locks the doctor's hips with his thighs and pulls the dark blanket around their bodies. In between his long musician's fingers he catches some of the blond hairs to help John to quit looking at their hips pressed close together.
The answer comes as a flare of his nostrils and John is convinced that if he were a dragon smoke would come out of them. Oh, how this pride makes him want to organize a meeting with Sherlock and his fist, stronger than ever.
file is bereaved, black ringed and closed. You can only consult it, you can't add anything, despite what the
Yesterday evening, he had returned home long after the end of visitation hours, playing on his doctor's status to guarantee to his colleagues that his alcoholic sister would need to see a familiar face when she woke up. They spoke for a long time about the tests they had made her undergo before the operation, which revealed an alcohol level so high in her blood that even their father would have found it indecent, and then talked about psychological help she could benefit from once she was back on her feet. Dulled by medicine, Harry woke up twice, if 'waking up' is a term which can be used when somebody drools approximately three words while opening half of an eye. They weren't able to discuss her fall, or the bottles found at the foot of her bed by the first-aid workers, so John already planned to return to the hospital as soon as possible to speak to his sister about a detoxification, which is becoming more and more vital.
The blond man gets ready to thank him but the smile of his flatmate immediately stops him. It's soft and confident, as if they're having one of those brilliant moments when they understand each other without needing words, but John doesn't understand. He's much too tired anyway, so he says nothing and continues his way up to the bathroom where he locks himself up.
“You can't understand what it feels like to take a bath in a small bathtub, John. You have a ridiculously inferior height; you don't have that kind of problem.”
And this time, the air returns and the music chokes. John stands, fists tightened against his thighs, eyebrows furrowed and his mouth pinched. He looks at Sherlock and
"Mister Jennings, you were at the concert on Wednesday, in a seat which was well, completely respectable. Thus, it must have been a present from your employer. You did not leave at the interlude and, nevertheless, it is clear that Liszt is not your favorite composer, considering the contemporary music which you're listening to right now. Why, then, did you go to this concert if, clearly, you fell asleep over there? "
where noses hit by the beginning of October play hide and seek. He doesn't have time to turn around in search of Sherlock Holmes in the vast hall that the vibration against his left side already makes him smile.
They're looking through the window again and when Sherlock puts his hand on John's thigh, they don't even realise that the
"She had a bad fall, but her vital diagnosis is not compromised; fracture of the fibula with a small movement which we reduced with a fixed immobilisation. She just came back from the recovery room and as you are the person to contact according to her insurance..."
Danger. Everything since they're in this observatory (everything since John entered a laboratory in St Bart's one year ago) screams Danger, but this time it's real. It's written in a red garish sign, attached to the metallic structure with a pictogram of a man wearing a helmet, preventing people from coming closer as he presents his hand to the visitors. Only John notices it and he sees around them the sand bags, the wooden planks and the cords dandling around the structure which is holding the balcony. Under their feet, the ground never shook this much. John can't possibly move any further. He feels so far away from them and it's the vertigo of the distance separating them which is hitting him now.
In a jump, John gets off his chair and hurries to the stairs before hearing Sherlock's voice, leaned above the guardrail on the first floor:
"It is your directory of the month?" he asks pointing at the pad installed on a violinist's music stand.
"I'm sorry I had to take that call," sighs Sanchez, returning to the lounge. "Do you have all the information you need?" she asks, lazily raising her eyebrows to show her profound boredom to both men, who leave the sofa which goes
She nods with energy and gets up, puts the handle of her bag back on her shoulder, and thanks John for his consideration with a discreet smile. She gets ready to come down when she looks at them, and it's with this simple gesture that she makes them an oath:
Of course it's awkward to be found naked in a bed with the brother of the one who has stayed overnight, but it's even worse to be found by a stranger in his bedroom in which you're about to fuck. They're not moving, gazing into space, focused on the noise coming from the end of the corridor.
"As flatmates," quickly corrects John, who feels compelled to say something, a hand raised to be sure to catch everybody's attention in the room. "We live together,
"I'm not going to leave him. Did you speak to him? Do you at least know where he lived, what he went through to get to the point where he's at today?" she moans, looking at them one after the other.
John Watson holds his breath and swears to God he's going to die right there if the detective takes another step. But he doesn't move.
Sherlock, standing next to the window, scrutinizes an indistinct point in the street, which is undoubtedly highly interesting seeing as he didn't even deign to turn his head when Gregory's assistant came to greet them. In the folder, which John reads scrupulously, there are photocopies of the reserved seats with the names stated by the DI and some quite terribly sad passport photos. Not as if anybody had ever looked good in a passport photo.
"Without being a couple, you could have slept together," proposes the doctor, without any hostility in his voice.
“Do you want something to eat?” suggests the doctor, clenching his fists mechanically, his nose pointed towards his roommate mounted on stilts.
"It's all good, it'll take you 30 minutes, one hour at most. My daughter has her dance recital and I totally forget."
"I did nothing to him, I acted completely natural," the youngest curses, pinching a rope in an improbable sound.
"Well life's unfair!" Jim screams like a father scolding his child who doesn't want to finish his soup while kids are starving in Third Word Countries. "Besides, what other choice did I have to make you come here, Sherlock?"
He has the most remarkable intelligence on the West, East, South and North coast, and here he is driving Lestrade's car across the country, suffocated by the cold smell of cigarette and constant glances from his roommate. Oh sure,
"I was away due to business reasons. It was planned for a long time, I wasn't able to change the dates."
And he can't stop thinking this is where Sherlock grew up, between those lands from another world, from another time. And everything is as beautiful as he is, as tall and extraordinary. Lakes have the color of his eyes, the rocks his skin's coldness. And the wind makes the trees dance thanks to the imaginary melody his violin sings. This genius is from here, from this land where humans are so rare they didn't see anyone, not even a house, for thirty minutes. So John wonders how Sherlock learned to decipher people, those he can't stand.
Shit, how to hide something from Holmes? John takes advantage that his flatmate is coldly analysing the cashier who has obviously no problem revealing her glottis at the same time as her chewing gum, but the DI immediately sends him an excuse:
"No, of course, they rented it punctually. Remember what the flatmates told us; he had the biggest room after all."
The agent gives a paper to the detective consultant, which he barely looks at, before giving it to John who almost puts his nose against it.
A telephone rings in the kitchen and the woman gets up, apologizing automatically. The doctor loudly sighs, as if this heavy atmosphere had led him to forget how to breathe, and falls against the sofa's pillow too, turning his head toward his friend who explains immediately:
It's not a very complicated process to wake up, but strangely this morning Sherlock fights against each one of his limbs to extract himself off the bed and to go open the door someone's been knocking on. Unnecessary and slow body, he thinks while his foot is struggling to find the soft carpet. The path to the entrance is not without pitfalls (why would anyone install a coffee table
"Because he understood. Because he could have died when we fell but he was alive for a few seconds more and he understood that me and you, that we..."
They separate their mouths and by a silent mutual agreement they put their hands on the other's pants when, in the sudden silence of the room, a noise—light as the air—resounds a bit farther away. Sherlock raises his head and they look at each other without daring to move anymore.
"Okay, it's too late for bullshit but I want your damn arses tomorrow at 9A.M in my office, are we clear?"
John's mind is slowing erasing the image of Moriarty's face, eyes and mouth closed, without any blood. He murmurs:
John has a strangled laugh and tries to go downstairs but Sherlock blocks the way with his body. They both look at each other without any hesitation or fissure and this is a silent fight which is happening right now.
The ex-soldier goes immediately out of his thoughts and jumps at the sound of the word. He first looks at Sherlock, who smiles, though it's not him who asked the question but Mrs. Hudson, on the other side of the room.
Slowly, Sherlock's arm pulls back and John opens his mouth and eyes. Wet with his own saliva, he feels the leather tip sliding against his plump chin, up to his neck, while Sherlock advances a step forward to hang over his flatmate.
John frowns his eyebrows but Sherlock is still not looking at him. In his blithe posture, there are only his eyes which seem awake, fixed on an uncertain point among the dancing bodies that are moving slower, to the rhythm of the new song. The older man turns around, puts his elbow on the back of the chair and observes. On the dance floor, it's a mix of laughter, alcohol and shoulders pressed one against another, but in the middle, arms in the air and the hips waving, there's a young mixed race woman, with hair dark as the night tied in a ponytail and big brown eyes, who is wearing a turtle neck. By standing beside the sleeveless t-shirt and estival dresses, everyone is looking at her. By moving her hips that way,
He doesn't release his forearm and if Sherlock still tries to escape from his influence, John begins to see his face coloring with a disturbing red.
And that makes John's teeth grind. He drops his head on his thick pillow, letting out a long and pointlessly noisy sigh. In front of him, there's the old cracked ceiling. In his hand, there's the mobile. He puts it in front of his face before answering:
"Well, we lost enough time already!" John exclaims, banging his knees with his hands before getting up and going down to the scene where he settles down in his turn on the empty chair.
John nods at Gregory and the two flatmates before quickening his pace to catch up with Sherlock in the sun-kissed street.
John takes advantage of the fact that the suspect has closed his eyes to look at Lestrade, who raises his eyebrows at the same moment. It's always strange to see a man giving in so easily, especially when the man is about fifty years old. He has the attitude of a suspect whom they would have placed in custody for 48 hours after going at it for no more than half-an-hour. The day promises to be very long.
The doctor nods again, this time to refrain from laughing, and pleads a call coming from the back-scene so that he can take off. Of course, Sherlock never could have asked Anderson to come because he needed his help, it's completely absurd, but John still doesn't have the slightest idea of what's going on. Everything's getting so weird.
John's glass is rapidly empty and maybe it's the good atmosphere, the exceptional weather, or the fact he already drank four beers, but tonight he wants to talk. Unless it's because of Sherrer's murder. John clearly remembers when he came back from Afghanistan, when life at Harry's was scaring him as much as it was calm. He would have given anything to have a bit of animation, adrenaline or a reason to live. Now, a simple walk to the opera and he comes home with a head full of images of a man whose skull has been pierced. For sure, he doesn't lack action anymore.
!", simply explains Moriarty, raising his left hand in the air. "Of course you were going to see it, Sherlock, I know you."
The fresh wind raises, it pushes away the clouds and their collars. Sherlock closes his coat and John's cheek gets tensed as a shiver crosses his body. Even Jim Moriarty is rubbing his hands to heat them up. Now that he let go off the guardrail, he turns around smiles to the detective.
It's because the thought of cracking his back by dint of bending to tidy up all the pieces of scattered cardboards, clipping, and ties isn't really exciting that John answers unscrupulously:
"Nothing. Thank you for your time," concludes John by turning on his heels, followed by Sherlock, carefully staying some steps behind him.
When Sherlock closes the door, everything has of course a taste of deja-vu. But at least today they didn't argue. John opens his eyes. Sleep: he thought about it but it never came. In the darkness, he only distinguishes the detective's edges that seem to dance. The clothing touching the ground is the only clue. He must be putting on his pajamas now. He takes care of the coat he's hanging on the peg and finally the bed pitches on the left side. He lies down and John can see his eyes are wide open.
They leave each other three stations further, when John goes out to go back to Baker Street, very quiet at this time of afternoon as Sherlock has returned to the mortuary to see Sherrer's body again. They only have one suspect left to meet; Jared Steele, a fifty year old financial engineer, who left for Eastern Europe for his affairs the day after the murder, who will come back to Britain in a few days. Holmes insisted, with his baritone voice, that he wanted to repatriate the man as soon as possible, but Steele is apparently a recognised engineer whom Lestrade defended, persuaded that a man of his calibre would never kill an unimportant musician. From suspect, Steele automatically passed in the witness compartment and this side of the story doesn't interest the detective more than that.
But Sherlock doesn't even seem to hear him as he already takes support on Jennings' head with his hand before coming to sit down next to him. John takes advantage of it to look at the father whom he didn't even salute. The man has a terrible look, a pale complexion and glassy eyes. Of course, he remembers it now, Jennings began a hunger strike to get back guardianship of his son. Even if Sherlock had presented the thing as a completely funny act, to see him so physically decreased saddens John more than he cares to admit. The detective sticks his cheek next to the badly shaved one and eventually pushes the man away to take his place to look at the scene from his point of view. Jennings doesn't say a thing and sighs hard, but that makes Doris burst, her who finally shouts:
John sits down a bit farther and bends over the rail to look at the scene below him. Automatically, his eyes go to the only empty chair next to which sits a music stand and a horn. It's not the one Sherrer used to play, of course. This one rests, covered with blood, in Scotland Yard's basement.
For sure, John didn't have many occasions in his short life spent next to Sherlock Holmes to see him passionate -or even human- but there's something about the classical music that always makes the detective terribly spontaneous, and suddenly his coldness gains a few degrees and his person gains in sympathy. John won't ever forget that Sunday evening of last March, when finishing to read a novel next to the fireplace, he raised his head to look at Sherlock, stretched out in his pyjamas on the couch since one hour earlier, listening to Respighi's
When John is sleeping at the end of the afternoon, his head twisted against the window, he's dreaming about a giant credit card laying down on him like a gigantic hound with a nameless cruelty. He wakes up just in time to realize he started to dribble on the seatbelt, and Sherlock is reading his mobile with an extreme concentration.
The finger's pressing again and again, it seems to pierce him, to open him in two and to reveal him to the world. It doesn't ache when someone touches his shoulder, it hasn't for a long time now. Everything is in his head, because the medicine made enormous progress but humans are still so weak mentally. Sherlock finally blinks and John realises that his eyes are dry, bulging, almost. So he quickly closes his eyelids and lowers his chin, to follow the right hand of his flatmate, his fine wrist, the inquisitive hand and finally the index finger only an inch away from his body. And Sherlock is not touching him.
"I have wanted to invite Angie to a philharmonic concert for a long time, I thought it was a beautiful present... She's very curious, you know. She was completely pressed against the rail all evening long to see the musicians. I was very happy to see her act that way. And when the man got... It was horrible, there was no noise and he just collapsed. I saw the blood exploding out of his skull, you know? I don't... I've never..." she's brought down by a shiver and her face is now so white that John stretches out his hand by reflex to take hers, before holding on at the last moment and closing his fist on the file which he folds just to have something to do.
"Sorry. In short, he thanked me for coming, then he told me it was an experience very interesting, which he couldn't wait to discover all the aspects of, that we were waiting for the lead role and that he was craving to meet the star, the one on which every head was turning."
If they're lucky, maybe no one noticed the only consultant detective in the world just kissed his blogger on the mouth.
"Ehm, not really," explains Clara, grabbing a chair next to her ex's bed on which she takes a seat. "But Lawrence told me you had a small accident at home, so I came as soon as possible."
John raises his head and sees Clara, hands in the pockets of her immense coat and with a bit of wet hair. He hasn't even noticed the drizzle which has been beating down on the capital for the last hour.
John jumps with surprise and tries to put back the blue box, but in his haste, he gives a blow to the small metallic stalk which held the set, which collapses in a light cardboard noise - but it's already far too much for the doctor.
"Listen, Sherlock, the other night it was... I was a bit drunk, okay? It was Christmas..." John adds, as if it could possibly explain his actions. "I don't want... I don't want you to touch me. We are flatmates -friends, maybe- but in any case, I don't want... "
"Me neither. I leave it to both of you," says Lestrade without looking at them, much too occupied by the log which he tries to make catch fire.
That has the effect of a slap to John, who sits down again immediately. Against his feet bangs the horn which he catches more by reflex than by real desire, before putting it on his knees. He watches his own reflection in the copper of the instrument, and seeing himself gives him the concrete proof that it's to him that Sherlock spoke. And even if the words were very clear and were pointing to the musicians, John can only feel in his flesh the echo of this sentence in their own life, on his own control, the one that he gave to Sherlock. The one that he
"Boys, can someone go fetch another champagne bottle in the cellar please?" asks Mrs. Hudson, finishing the second bottle of the evening.
Sherlock looks terribly young, his eyes are opened wide, the skin of an infernal paleness. His lips are half-opened, wild; the man with the ceaseless retort has nothing to say anymore.
She bends a little more towards the newcomer and the ceiling light reveals that her skin is covered with freckles. John pinches his lips to hide his smile and puts the file on the desk, looking at it alternately with the suspect.
With every new step, the doctor believes that Sherlock's going to stop, in vain. Sherlock is getting closer and closer, until they find the same awkward closeness of the pavement in front of Sherrer's place. There is no sun and John wonders what will be the excuse of his flatmate this time, but the youngest one says nothing. Delicately, he raises his hands and it's obvious he takes his time to give John time to step backward, to shout or to push him away, maybe. But John does not move, because for once in his life - only
"Let us through!" shouts John, riding awkwardly the legs of the few people still seated on their row. From the corner of his eye, he sees the panicked spectators on the lower floor, getting out as fast as possible in the blocked hallways. In this widespread panic, only a few crazed people are still looking at the musician stuck in the back left right corner of the scene and the screams make the air stifling.
"Look. At. Yourself," orders Sherlock, emphasising every word with a slap on the doctor's thigh and there is a point of plea in his voice that makes John not even blinking anymore.
getting involved in it, this story is becoming a heap of shit... Sherlock, for God's sake, are you listening to me?" the cop suddenly asks, losing his temper, passing a hand over his weary face.
The DI nods once and gets up from his seat to hold everyone's attention. He gives his usual speech at the beginning of a reconstruction, between legal and technical terms and specifies that everyone here has to follow Holmes' orders. Some heads nod to show their approval. That doesn't make the policemen blink but it makes Doris Cox, who still doesn't seem to carry the detective in her heart, sigh very loudly.
"Like, every year," Lestrade and Holmes answer at the same time with such an obvious confidence that it's clear that all of this hides something.
"He's right, Marina, Philipp was the nut one about cleaning everything. Without him, this place is going to be such a mess..." sighs Bill before bursting in tears - the alarm signaling it's time to leave.
Sherlock uncrosses his long fingers before getting up and disappearing into the living room. He doesn't bring his empty plate to the sink and the doctor is persuaded that he acted so as a punishment. It's childish but, of course, it works. John finishes his tea and gets up in his turn to briefly tidy up the kitchen.
Clara and Harry raise an eyebrow at the exact same moment, bound by an invisible thread to the right corner of their mouths, which lift up. They seem amused by his words, even if he doesn't know why, but they don't comment and Clara turns her head to her ex to ask her more details about the accident. Of course, Harry doesn't speak about the alcohol, pleads a stupid fall in the staircase in the middle of the night, and Clara really seems to believe her this time. Unless it's a facade. John couldn't say, he's not Sherlock Holmes, bloody hell.
Sherlock moves their chests closer and joins his second hand with the first one while insistently cherishing the pectoral muscles of the ex-soldier. He brushes the fair hairs before going back up along the neck, which he surrounds with a soft hand. He bends, nibbles the chin, and slides his teeth along the jaw before biting, hardly one second. John closes his eyes and the shivers rising along his back confirm to him that even in his possessiveness, Sherlock is the embodiment of sophistication. He reopens his eyes just in time to see the musician's long white hands sliding on his arms, which they test the power of in two apparently convincing pressures (because Sherlock's only wearing his boxers after all). The fingers continue their inspection up to the wrists they surround with a perceptible restraint and Sherlock admits in a breath:
For a football fan, John feels a little ashamed of never having visited the city of Manchester. This task is now completed even if it is 10:30 p.m. and that everything he'll see will be the hotel's bedding and the small chocolate on his pillow. They could have stayed in a roadside motel, but the simple idea made John sick, and Sherlock had an overwhelming desire to tell him all the murders committed in such motels those past six years. Thanks, but no way.
John inhales and twists on the mattress where his body sinks further down, his eyelids shuddering and his fingers getting tense. The night before, he didn't stay alone and dazed more than 10 minutes before Molly came to get him. He then helped her make Andy - as a perfect British man, drunk and slumped on a bench- walk to a cab, then he went with them to the coroner's flat on Trinity Street before carrying the florist to the couch. Certainly something no one would have done besides him, least of all the man who is supposed to be his best friend, who came back to Baker Street exactly 47 minutes after him.
Between the Tesco's shelves, John thinks (for the sixteenth consecutive time) that it would be so much simpler to make a list before coming here. He thinks about it because the mother with her girl seated in the shopping cart has in her hand a post-it on which she's crossing off every product she catches and God how smart that is. He lets her pass between the green peas and him with a smile and raises the handle of the plastic basket on his forearm before going to the end of the store.
John opens his eyes wide and turns his head to Sherlock, who is suddenly buttoning his coat, as if extremely pressed to leave.
"Yes, of course," Anderson answers with his chin raised and his voice made nasally by dripping pride.
One hand rubbing his dry and sleepy eyes, he consults the hour on his mobile. It's past midnight and tomorrow looks to be as challenging as the other days of the week. Yet he can't make the decision to tidy up everything and to go to bed. The prospect of switching off the light and ending up alone in front of himself isn't very exciting.
John, on his knees among the crumbled scores, raises his face and realises his shirt is still opened and he's still wearing Sherlock's nails marks on his skin, which tortured him a few minutes ago. He opens his mouth, doesn't say a thing (first he has to find what he could possibly say) and turns his head to Sherlock, who doesn't seem any more comfortable than he does. The DI's eyes open slowly and very wide before he raises his two forefingers to hold everybody's attention.
He's not looking at the ceiling anymore because he's closed his eyes, harder every time he felt a strip of come hitting his belly and chest. When he reopens them, he discovers Sherlock's face over his, red and covered with sweat. With the ambient heat, John is pretty sure wearing a suit must be unbearable.
"Did you notice that, as soon as you got in, I no longer existed? When he got his phone call, he apologized to
, would answer the detective before erasing the boring (but inevitable) conversation copy from his hard drive. It takes a long time before he realizes the vibration on his torso is coming from his mobile. A call: he winces. A call from Mycroft: he's about to throw up.
John raises his nose and observes the projectors aiming at the stage, covered by the musicians who are waiting. When he came here months ago, he didn't realise how much the smell of the surrounding wood breathes out a sort of warm and comforting aura where he feels he could take root in any of the beige armchairs. It's because back then, all that John saw was the extremely expensive suits in front of his own completely common person. It's not really the kind of things he notices anymore.
"Understand what? Sherlock, would you have the kindness to explain yourself?" Gregory is obliged to ask one more time, bringing the detective out of his thoughts because he still doesn't understand that the global nature of what the detective deducts is absolutely not perceptible for human beings.
John breathes in, for a long time, hard, until his trachea burns and his head pounds. On his right knee, there's the horn which he's holding. To look at his reflection in the instrument this way, he doesn't have his head in the axis and slightly lowered as if he's reading a score. He neither has his head straight as if he's following the conductor. He turns it on his right and finds himself in the same position as Sherrer, months ago, when the musician looked at his reflection for the last time. He suddenly feels a light pressure against the back of his head and realises Sherlock came to his left and put his forefinger on the skull where the bullet drilled into Sherrer's.
"If you think you'll shock me by suggesting that he and Gregory Lestrade had a relationship, don't bother," John protests, shrugging. Even if he's bluffing, it seems to work.
On his right, the black mass still hasn't moved. John is struggling against the strength in him that is trying to make him raise again. He sees a bit more clearly an arm, an arched back and a neck twisted at an impossible angle. Lying down on Reichenbachiana violas, a few meters away from Moriarty's body, John understands it's really over.
He has only flashes but he sees himself being carried in an ambulance. He remembers being asked his name, and answering
John half-opens his lips, but his Adam's apple seems to mistake itself for beef because it's so big that it stops any attempt to reply. Not medically possible but bothersome all the same.
“Sherlock, he’s the one who dragged me twenty kilometers from there, he threatened be to follow him, he…”
John has a sad smile which he masks very fast, slightly ill-at-ease of his blunder but the woman discreetly shakes her head to tell him that everything is okay - the habit to have to manage people who have no idea how to behave with her son, doubtless.
Of course, he finds at first his flatmate's website, which he's looking at more by reflex than from real curiosity because he knows it by heart already. On the results page, his blog comes in the second position and it makes him laugh how everybody is associating them, as if they were salt and pepper (in this precise case, of course Sherlock would be the pepper; bearable in small dose and always fiery). He already knows all that, then he types '
"For Christ's sake, Sherlock, don't mess around with that, just wear a condom every time you... you know. Especially because you..."
"So, I don't know what Sherlock promised to you, but, believe me, he already tried to handle a relationship and it lead to nothing."
This time, Moriarty puts his hands on Sherlock's chest, he's looking at him with his wet eyes but when he understands he won't get any answers, he starts to smile and nods before he withdraws and takes out of his jacket a Beretta he's pointing at the detective's head.
It's not a tune Sherlock's listening to in Baker Street's living room and John blames him immediately.
The doctor swallows and nods, his careless tongue coming out of his mouth to lick his own lips. Sherlock's second hand goes up to the badly shaved cheek which he caresses diligently, and the contact is sufficient enough to provoke in John a need to moan that he retains with a lot of pride. With his head pulled back, he rests his neck against the back of the sofa and the simple fact of not having to support his own head gives him the stupid impression that he's beginning to let go.
had learnt that he didn't have the right to work here anymore, he would have been fired and sent back to his country..."
John's tongue, shy but reckless, takes it easy and with it blows away all those things he can't say to him. There's not enough letter combination in this language, in this tongue, to express the inexpressible. Those three days, the trigger call of all that, and Captain John Watson isn't a soldier strong enough to get through without any damages.
The blond man smiles cheerfully, always amazed by this improbable friendship between the DI and the consulting detective and while both sisters stop speaking to each other, and while Sherlock seems ready to return to the room, John is crossed by a shiver which Gregory doesn't miss.
Steele once nods and smiles at the young woman before going back up to his place. And this time it's obvious, John knows what changed: they fell in love.
"Tell me, Sherlock, what was that like to follow an empty lead? I mean, all those people you suspected, when did you realize that something wasn't right? I wonder... In a way, I think you immediately got it and you pretended to believe one of them could have been the murderer, to surprise me. But I also think you might have really believed it and that... that would be dramatical, Sherlock. Do you agree? You know, Sherrer wasn't supposed to turn his head. He was supposed to be hit on his forehead, on the left. As my man was sitting right behind you, you would have been suspected, just a tiny-mini-bit, just enough to see you defend yourself to the police and justice. That was my plan."
am the Game. I can't wait to see what will happen tonight…” he smiles one last time before he starts to theatrically climb the stairs.
With his free hand, Sherlock touches the fair hair, from the top of the skull to the nape of the neck. His caresses are long, incredibly possessive. Then, he slides the riding-crop inside the doctor's shirt and brushes the skin of his torso. The touch is curious, almost rough, so John doesn't move, keeps his face raised towards the one who dominates him and bites his own lip when his left nipple is rubbed insistently. The hand of his flatmate is now on his face and redraws the same path as the crop did a few minutes ago. John knows that Sherlock, from the end of his fingers, registers somewhere in his brilliant brain these sensations which cross them both.
"Since all that I tried failed," Sherlock barely barks and that makes John's head push back by reflex.
John breathes in deeply when the crop goes back up along his forearm, coils up in the hollow of his elbow, before continuing its way up to his collarbone against which it stops. He follows the black tip with his gaze, and even if he doesn't look directly at him, he feels Sherlock walking around the table before standing in front of him. Sherlock waits while John dares to raise his eyes and slightly tilt his head to his left side and murmurs:
Still no answer. The eyes as blue as the moon itself stare at the window, his mouth tenses to hold onto words like Dull, stupid little John and other joys the soldier knows well enough.
He ignores the amused, but nevertheless full of reproach, gaze of his sister and returns to his place before bringing out of his pocket both Snickers, which he puts on the bedside table. They look at each other with tangible excitement, obviously happy to see one another again, except Harry who seems miles away from these meanly human considerations. John would like to excuse her free-and-easy attitude by blaming the morphine, but that would be a lie.
Gregory opens his lips, ready to answer, when Sherlock finally sketches a first gesture by tilting forward on the table where he puts his elbows before resting his long fingers one against the other in front of his face. He hardly squints, in a posture of extreme concentration which slightly pushes Steele back by reflex. John has already seen this position enough times to know that the Holmes genius is deducing.
He walks on the beige carpet to relax the muscles of his legs. Five minutes ago, Sherlock asked him to go settle down (five minutes which seem to be 23, as every time the impatience makes itself at ease in his brain like an impolite guest). He hesitates for a long time before deciding what to do with the door; he wonders if he should leave it open, closed, half-opened – a choice he eventually makes. There's no sound in the rest of the apartment except for the ceaseless banging noise which is driving him crazy.
Despite himself, he smiles (one of his typically Watsonian smiles where the left corner rises and freezes in a grin masking every swear words in his repertoire), and, with his valid hand, seizes the cup before sitting on the sofa. He doesn’t remain straight very long: already he is lying down, closing his eyes, promising himself to rest just a few seconds. Of course, he falls into slumber just as rapidly.
There's only John who doesn't say a thing, still not totally comfortable with his voice to dare to only half-open his lips. It seems that the smell of Sherlock's cupboards is still there, surrounding him, but of course it's the smell of the jumper he's wearing at the moment. John wonders if all his jumpers will have this smell from now on. And John wonders if he will always get this heavy weight in his stomach every times he smells it.
. There's a weight without shape pressing his chest so he noisily inhales, already ready to apologise for the noise to the audience around him, when Sherlock suddenly gets on his feet.
The younger man jumps with surprise and lets his phone fell between his legs while his hand lies flat on the wheel to violently turn it. The car they brush past blows his horn to a point that they’re not sure their eardrums aren’t going to explode, and the truck that pulls up short behind them makes them realize their heads nearly got embedded into the dashboard.
The DI emits a stunned noise from his throat and takes out of his back pocket a pair of handcuffs which he puts on Steele's wrists. Sherlock and John let the cop guide the man through the offices. While the doctor gets ready to suggest to his flatmate to go back home, it's the vision of a Milky Way of freckles which tears him apart.
Sherlock may be particularly slow, but the pain is very real. John moans with his closed mouth, shakes his head without being aware of it, without knowing why either, and while the pressure in his groin gets ardent, he raises his left hand to hang on to the brown locks. Sherlock barely moves his forefinger, only touching John's cock and it's enough to make the doctor crumble.
"We can't complain about eating too much," mutters Mrs. Hudson, smiling, seated on her rocking chair next to the DI.
"Barely. We are more than 80 permanent members of the orchestra. We mainly meet for the rehearsals and traditionally go to eat all together the day before a first performance, but I never really spoke to him. He was rather eccentric, you know. He liked surrounding himself with a lot of people and he spoke,
terminal is being settled, the ex-soldier quickens his pace and enters 221B. In the small dark hallway, Mrs. Hudson, a bin bag at his feet, frantically cleans the glass of her apartment door, mumbling about Mrs. Perkins' nephew who put his greasy fingers on it, before leaving his chocolate candy paper on the wooden floor.
On the first floor, the doors are already open and the feeble light of this September end of the day is the vestige of a too short summer the Londoners already regret. Sherlock, seated at the desk settled between the two windows, types with his long fingers on the keyboard on a computer which is actually his. It's so memorable John dithers to crack open a bottle of champagne.
Sherlock's phone burns his hand; he drops it, passes his sleeve under his nose to mop up the annoying blood and looks at his feet where the bag John just threw has landed. He refuses to think this is where everything is coming from, because if everything is coming from this, then Mycroft is really laid down on the stainless steel table, and if Mycroft is really laid down on the stainless steel table, then Sherlock is
He hardly looks at her and gets up, puts his hands on his face, exhales noisily to contain the underlying explosion, but Clara has nothing soft, nothing fragile. She gets up to be face to face with this man whose certainties she destroys before he starts again. The fury to be obliged to explain himself over something so obvious is held with difficulty behind his gritted teeth:
"Philipp Sherrer, 37 years old, horn player in the orchestra for six years. Single, no children. Lives with two flatmates in Marylebone with a dance teacher and a man we still don't have any detail about," states Lestrade outloud, dispatched on site in less than 20 minutes, looking at the stretcher with the body bag drawing away to the backstage.
"Yes, about ten minutes ago. Holmes told me to tell you that he's questioning Angie and that you have to take care of Sheri."
They smile, looking at each other from the corner of their eyes, and become silent again. Sherlock and John agreed on the fact that the detective would feign surprise when entering the living-room this evening. Every year he forbids people to wish him a happy birthday (he bit John when the doctor started to sing the prohibited tune last year), but it pleases their house-keeper and friends so much to gather round to celebrate his birth. Meanwhile he can only put up with this, raising his eyes to heaven so many times he's close to an eye cramp.
The doctor looks at them both one last time, writes something on John's folder and puts it back on the bedside table before he leaves the room. Sherlock comes next to John and rests a hand on the headboard before he leans.
The resemblance is not really striking, apart from the hair and way the man puts his long fingers between them (and that twists John's stomach in a slightly too-insistent way). The fictitious Sherlock begins to question the man seated on the bed, if you can use the verb
There's also something the doctor can't explain, it's the presence of Anderson. He didn't work on this case and John has never heard Lestrade mention him. John eventually goes up on the set through the small staircase and gets closer to him.
Their bodies are shivering still since they nearly hit the car -and the truck- but it's the first time the detective's damn mouth is finally closed. They stop on a motorway rest area, complete with picnic tables and never-emptied outside bins, but John barely notices them, he's already out of the car. He turns around and forces the opening of Sherlock's car door. He’s still sitting, his gaze looking at his feet like a guilty kid.
The answers comes to him quickly. In the centre of the row, wrapped in his black coat, his arms against his chest as if he's wearing a straitjacket and his legs oddly crossed and squashed against the wooden guardrail, Sherlock Holmes imposes to the room an absurd respect which already makes the doctor smiles.
"Yes, Jared Steele is an assumed name, because British people have difficulty in pronouncing my name..."
"Doris Cox now: Doris is a real mystery. And say that the newspapers make serial killers appear as human beings difficult to understand, in comparison to fifty-year-old women, they are easy as pie," Sherlock pursues without noticing that he interrupted John, one more time. "I've followed her for several weeks and searched her home because I didn't understand her need to overprotect her son, Benjamin."
John opens his eyes wide and moves back unconsciously to get a better look at the absurd Greek tragedy which is taking place in front of him.
The emptiness suddenly fills up and the ex-soldier doesn't need to find its name; it's here, big and imposing, flickering before his eyes, in his head and his chest tightens. It's the shock, no more, no less.
Mycroft's name shows up on the screen and John tries to stop his heart from bleeding a little bit more.
About ten minutes later, John's back in Sherlock's bedroom, whom he finds folding his clothes. He thanks him half-heartedly and catches the pile before looking around them. The chamber which he entered seems like a new dimension. He was never a fan of science fiction, but compared to that, Doctor Who seems so underrated.
"You heard him Sherlock, we're not going to talk about the case at Molly's birthday. The last time she invited us for her house-warming party, you made her grandma faint with your amputations stories."
"To go interrogate Sanchez. She is married to Amos Sanchez, one of the musicians who was at the performance the night of the murder, and I'm dying to know which other musician he's sleeping with."
He raises his right hand to press on the wound but there he is, already fallen on his knees. In his mind only one word resonates as he faints:
" the detective suddenly exclaims, turning around all at once and making the young man jump. "When we met for the first time in Lestrade's office, you spoke about Sherrer. You said that he was a very good musician. A very good musician doesn't need a score, right?"
They cross the museum on the first floor where is presented the collection of clocks and pocket watches, and the
Sherlock's pressure is less persistent while his thumb begins caressing the sensitive skin under the doctor's lower lip. He almost squints due to concentrating his look on the half-opened lips, and it's his eyes which John can't stop scrutinising.
"Amusing, the way you compare having an intimate relationship with a potentially deadly activity," Sherlock quietly smiles.
"John," Sherlock hastened to call, already on his knees in front of his flatmate of whom he pressed his forehead before lifting with his thumb an eyelid to examine his eyes.
"Even if I prefer when nobody g-gets k-killed during my favorite tune," he ends with a shrug and this time, John gives a real laugh which relaxes the tense atmosphere of the room.
"Do you really believe that it is the conductor who controls everything? The power is in the hands of the musician because it is
Benjamin does the same, dusting the bottoms of his jeans before turning his watch on his thick wrist. He sighs, obviously saddened to see that the day passed so fast, and apologises to both flatmates by explaining that his mother's waiting for him to have dinner. He puts on his jacket, which he put on the coat hook behind the door, and takes out a DVD from his shoulder bag which he hands to Sherlock.
One eye opening after the other, John does his best to keep his head from falling forward before answering:
But Gregory doesn't wait any longer and holds the engineer's arm with strength to take him up to a cell. Sheri gets ready to follow them, breath short and tears at the edge of her heart, and John almost jumps up on her shoulders to prevent her from going any farther.
He can blame Sherlock for being too cold with the suspects but it would be just as correct to blame him for being too thoughtful.
"Well, who would have thought..." the detective smiles while the doctor's tongue slides out of his mouth and control to come and touch the tip. "My brave John, how do you keep surprising me?" he almost moans.
"S... Sibelius," Sherlock manages to choke. That has the effect of a slap on Lestrade, who finally seems to realize his gesture before releasing the detective who nearly collapses.
John took the wheel again, but this time Sherlock didn't say anything, he just opened his lips to indicate the road. They cross the land at full throttle; the doctor forgot about the main-road speed limit. They see dead trees and quite lakes; the car climbs up and down in this valley made of mounts and plains. The sun is lazy; it's there, wrapping them up, but doesn't warm them. Outlandish impressions, rocks and stones overhang some shallow bushes, mountains encircle and threaten them, yet John has never seen something that beautiful. All he knows about England are London and the southern beaches, covert by a few brave British. In the north, however, hides a treasure he's not sure he'll get over one day.
"Bloody hell, Mark, I said no, just deal with it!" he exclaims, raising his bulging eyes to the ceiling.
file deserves another space. Maybe he could split the elements between his head and his heart. It must be possible. He never tried, but for him, he will.
John dims his eyes for the first time and looks at his sleeves raised by Sherlock from the dishes they eventually forgot. He doesn't have many excuses to hide his body anymore. But is it really necessary to continue to fool himself?
"Thank you for your participation but I'll determine if they are guilty or not. Where were they sitting?"
But John Watson never gives up, ever. He keeps moving, kneels, and his wrists sink in mud. He fights the gust, holds onto rocks and arrives behind the detective. Sherlock turns around when he hears him come, helps him get on his two feet, and John is whiter just by looking beyond the cliff. Sherlock holds on tight to his wrists and harpoons his gaze with his. It's enough to make him forget the rest.
He won't tell him right now, but of course Sherlock was right. The meeting was not useful and started badly when John asked Monsieur Mortier if he brought chocolate, which blew a chill in the room worthy of the highest mount of the Alps Mountain. They all talked for two hours, to discuss the surveillance of Moriarty which, apparently, didn't go as well as expected; all of that to understand that they can't tell with certainty if the criminal is still in the canton of Aargau today. Lestrade held all his anger in and his cheeks redden from the effort, and John had to wait to go up on the roof to see the DI smoke and explode at the same time. Of course, Interpol is aware of Moriarty's actions and the frontiers are being watched, but Lestrade emitted the hypothesis that he'll build a team himself to go to Switzerland to research the criminal. John promised to talk about it to Sherlock when he got back home.
John and Sherlock look at each other, understand, and it’s not smelling like ginger tea in the kitchen anymore but like chlorine.
John is certain his friend isn't an Irish setter, yet he snaps his fingers while pointing to the backseat. The order works because the little 6'00" soldier complies without batting an eyelid. The trip is quickly back on, but John must pull up the seat to the wheel first (damn,
Sherlock frowns and moves his fingers, composing his reflection like a musician on his piano but it doesn't last more than four seconds and the detective gets it. He smiles, nods to John to tell him to follow him and turns on his left.
"To discover new things," he answers as if out of breath, his hands imprisoning his face, which is white as sheet.
When the applauses accompanying the musicians stops and the conductor finishes to salute the audience, there are a few seconds of silence before his arms raise and the first violin starts. The melody is plaintive, the sound husky. John doesn't know Max Bruch so when he's discovering the sound like a child is discovering life, the shivers in his belly prove to him that all of this has a primitive strength he'd be a fool to try to describe. It takes a while for him to realise it's the first time he's in a room that big to listen to musicians this experimented. Even at his age, he still has new things to live. It's without any doubt the best news he had since a long time.
"We can buy an additional kettle and install it on your bedside table, there is a rather close power point," Sherlock starts again, as if speaking about a kettle is more important than settling the question which torments John, before the doctor hurries to answer:
“Ah, Doctor…” Moriarty continues, finally noticing  his presence. He pulls a face, snaps his tongue against his palate as if he was staring at a rotting carcass and explains, “in life, there are certain things you can't control. For everything else, there's Moriarty. I was there for Sherrer and I'll be there for many more people.”
Molly had insisted over the telephone that the party was casual, but it seems like all Sherlock Holmes can do when it comes to coolness is a bespoken suit and a dark blue shirt. Maybe it's to compensate for it that John put on a simple white one.
Lestrade tightens his thumbs on the plasticized card, nearly sticks his nose on it and wrinkles his eyes, trying to decipher the real name of the engineer:
The detective takes support on his left forearm, while his right hand settles on the offered breastbone. He presses without sweetness, seems to want to feel every beating of the doctor's heart at the source, then slides his hand down along the stomach, where he feels the fair hairs surrounding his navel caressing his palm. He doesn't stop his rhythm, still looking John in the eyes, who dares to only blink when his pupils are burning him. And if the doctor's teeth are closing with strength around his bottom lip, Sherlock completely seems to handle the situation.
into it. It's also what Sherlock is teaching him, to see in spite of the darkness, to vibrate in spite of the coolness of his sad bloody life. It's been that, since the beginning, since these messages:
', with a stupid hope to see if Lestrade would be mentioned but without surprise, he only reads his own name. He then tries '
Sherlock closes the buttons of his jacket and shakes his head slightly - probably excessively irritated by the completely rough syntaxes of the driver - and smiles, looking at his flatmate.
Lestrade gets up, his glass of champagne in his hand. Sherlock and John, seated one facing the other, follow his example. All three are looking at the dean, who hides her mouth behind a frail hand, but her shining eyes are the only proof they need to discern how happy she is.
"We're here to listen to music, John. You know nothing about it because you think music is a side dish like sauce you add to your meat, but do you know there are actually people who, when they're listening to music, do
Seated on Sherlock Holmes' bed, John leaps up and breathes in through the nose, his neck tensed as he's tilted forward to try to see himself as a whole. He'd need a mirror to confront himself and wonder while looking himself straight in the eyes,
John held his laugh with difficulty whilst pouring the boiling water in the two cups he put on the table, before taking his place to face his flatmate. They make the ceramics bang together, smile, and in one movement get their mugs close to their mouths before blowing softly.
He opens his lips again, ready to ask Sherlock if (his stomach hurts by simply thinking about this name) Moriarty could be responsible for all this, when Andy enters the kitchen in his turn with empty cups he apparently wants to fill.
. John had already seen Mycroft being the origin of this expression, but how he feels pitiful for being the reason right now.
He lowers his small snub nose, crushes his chin against his light grey jumper, and looks at the telephone which he holds only halfway out of his pants pocket. It would be enough to send a text to show to his sister that he hasn't forgotten her, with excuses in halftone, but it's easier said than done. With a quick movement, he throws the mobile on his bed and comes down to join Sherlock and their guest.
"She would have been attacked before coming here? But she has her purse and no wounds, plus she seems just... happy."
His head on the armrest, feet exceeding from the other half of the sofa, Sherlock examines the crack-free ceiling above him. The shared living-room has no charm, even he can testify to that. Why would you have a television this big and a sofa this small? It's beyond belief. He looks at the chess game on his left and thinks he can bring it back to the bedroom as an excuse to John for his attitude.
She still has that small, fragile light in her eyes and John can only refrain from smiling. He read it in the file, they're not from a well-to-do family, but she has a fine elegance - much more than Anna Sanchez whose coolness is only an equal to the capital's temperatures. He slowly closes his eyes while looking at her, to reassure her and she seems to breathe a little more serenely.
This time, John turns his head to look behind him at the back-scene and remembers the presence of the suspects.
Sherlock stopped pacing and smiled. It was one of those smiles where he only raised the left corner of his mouth, blocking in a rictus and creating a subtle dimple where all John's oh-so-very-manly will seemed to get lost, before he started his incessant walk again, his eyes fixed on the screen.
"Well, his life's made so that he is conditioned to comply with certain obligations, therefore, I think we can say that he is
"Elisa!" smiles the called one before getting up on his feet and kissing the woman with the polo-neck on the cheek.
. Let me tell you, this girl is pure gold. English is not my first language so I make quite a lot of "mystake" and she's sweet enough to, not only fix my chapters, but also to explain every correction. Thank you so very much dear <3
"Wait for me outside," dictates the detective by considering the door opened to his friend who half-opens his lips, but he immediately stops him with three small words. "It's an order."
. Because you are clever, terribly clever. You hide yourself behind shapeless, really squalid jumpers; you're lowering yourself, constantly. You fade, you shy away behind your big acts of bravery or your more discreet altruistic attentions... But you cannot run away or lie any more. I will see what you hide, at last.
"Sure, that's part of the conditions to have a mention," immediately answers John, putting back the cap on his pen.
The doctor slightly shakes his head and doesn't answer this time before saluting the landlady and climbing the creaking stairs.
The attack might be easier to forget if the scar wasn't so impressive. As it's often the case with M-16 cartridges, the bullet drilled straight through his body. It's always difficult to believe but the mark from where the projectile went out is much more voluminous than from where it entered. So, it's because John Watson turned his back on his aggressor for only one second that the biggest, most terrible scar is on his right collarbone. In this still pink and thick mark, there's an aftertaste of sand, the humming of Matthew's bloodstained prayers, the memory of death which rested a finger on him.
Benjamin briefly shakes his head to make them understand he's okay, has a half-smile which he gives to his mother reassuringly, and John takes advantage when Lestrade bends to see him to turn toward Sherlock. He wants to murder him only with his look and to promise him all at once with his eyes that Sherlock will pay for it, but the attitude of the detective is sufficient enough to make him understand that he has already understood his error.
Sherlock inhales, puts the paper on the sofa and slides his hands in the pockets of his trousers before turning back, promptly stopped by the voice of his flatmate.
Lestrade raises a shoulder and nicks a hot cinnamon cookie before Mrs. Hudson taps his hand in a maternal gesture which makes both of them smile. He returns to the lounge and opens the buffet to bring out the porcelain tableware that Mrs. Hudson particularly likes. In the bric-a-brac he looks for the least cracked plates when the front door slams. He takes a look over his shoulder and discovers John, hair covered by a light snow which melts almost immediately under the ambient heat.
John's eyes open wide again and after the peak of tension, he explodes in laughter, leaning against the wall nearby.
John straightens up, pulls a face when he feels his back cracking, and catches his tank top off the ground to wipe on his stomach to clean himself briefly.
"Stanford & Wells? Well, shit. I hate it when we have to question lawyers, they always find a way to get by without answering any of our questions."
"My bedroom is bigger, of course, closer to the kitchen and better decorated. But if it is possible that we end up between your sheets again, then we should plan for the following mornings. Do you see an inconvenience in that?" asks the detective, turning his head to the doctor's, which shakes.
Mycroft and John turn around and discover Sherlock in the doorway, only dressed in his black boxers, a tray in his hands - which John suspects to be the base of their wooden chessboard - on which he put a teapot and two cups. John takes advantage of the fact that the government official is turning his back on him to make a sign to his flatmate to bugger off and chop-chop, but waving by pointing at the stairs doesn't seem to be a clear gesture for the detective, who enters the room anyway. He by-passes his brother, who at least has the decency to look away when he gets closer, and puts the tray on the bedside table, pushing away the box of condoms which falls in the small space between the piece of furniture and the wall. He goes back under the covers in his turn, cheerfully pushing John who doesn't think he could be hallucinating more. In fact, it's not a dream, but definitively a nightmare.
"The Walsh family possesses a Mossberg 500 hunting gun, of course it's impossible that the calibre can correspond," murmurs the detective blindly, with so much strength that all of his face grimaces.
” he repeats, swallowing, and this time there’s Moriarty’s voice in his head reading those words and everything makes sense.
? You should follow me, I mainly publish Johnlock stuff, art of my own (sometimes) and pictures of silly dogs. Basically everything my life is made of. Concerning the legal aspect of this chapter: not being British and even after hours of researches, I did my best in being as plausible as possible. Please note that this
listened. You know Sherlock, I think it was the best present someone could have give him. He told me so, by the way, that it was the first time someone was interested in him. He told me about his little shows without any audience, the polite applause. Oh of course he told me about the orchestra too and its success, but a
Their fingers are brushing each other and while the soldier breathes in, persuaded that they're going to become entangled (a gesture he's always found a nameless intimacy in), he sees his flatmate's continuing their path before closing with delicacy around his own wrist. He smiles, an actor in the front row of a reversal of situation of a delicious elegance, and opens his mouth but no sound comes out of it. He plays a bit with his jaw before raising his eyes towards his friend:
At the Watson's, the only radio was in the kitchen placed on top of the fridge. John's parents only turned on the radio in the morning for the weather forecast and Camilia Tomes' Gardening Show, before turning it off when the news started. There was no musical radio station. It was either classical, retro or even less trendy music. So, when John got a Walkman by his aunt Annie for his sixteenth birthday, suffice to say his ears only left the quilted earphone when he had to take a shower.
"I was looking for a thing and I accidentally found this..." answers John, coughing, hiding his crimson cheeks behind his useless fist. "Wait, what do you mean
They look at each other and don't speak because there're so many things to say that they don't know which words to use. Sherlock finds the solution as he leans forward and rests his lips against John's. When was the last time they kissed? Too long. That's what matter:
The blond coughs briefly, shakes his head one time, and crosses his hands behind his back, an unconscious gesture which proves he hands over the reins to Sherlock, who advances a step to scrutinise their first suspect.
"It's a m-movie in which a man is s-shot at during a concert. Maybe t-that that will help you out with the c-case."
"I know, I know, Sherlock, me too. Don't stop, don't stop, please," he murmurs, catching Sherlock's face between his fingers before touching his lips with his.
“I must confess I highly enjoyed watching you suspect so insignificant people, while only Sherrer mattered. The night I met him he told me this tiny little thing, as poky as his willy - that I never saw but I always imagined to be minuscule - he said, ‘
They smile at each other one last time before he accelerates his pace up to the aisle where Sherlock disappeared, but he doesn't see him. Toothpaste, he sees that, on the other hand. He gets closer, takes the cheaper one which doesn't taste like shoe polish and roams, eyes lost on hundreds of more or less unrefined packages, before slowing down in front of smaller, more colored boxes, too rarely bought. He threw out his last condoms last August, during the big housework, when Mrs. Hudson specifically asked that whatever wasn't used should be put in a trash can,
John Watson would have been thrilled to take the wheel, Sherlock has no doubt. This is exactly why he decided to drive.
"Sherlock, help me," John murmurs over his shoulder, and the detective catches the woman's left arm to take them outside.
Sherlock still looks at him for a few seconds, without any expression on his shaded face, before detaching himself from the body he leaves behind. With a pace as slow as it is confident, he crosses the deserted road where John feels so lonely that everything seems a bit wobbly. It's every particle of his body which seems to awaken at the sound of this word, everything in his person and everything that makes him who he is; a proud man, an ex-soldier, and a doctor. Of course he's brave, he has always been so and it has never been an option. So, left alone on the pavement, in the obscene silence buzzing in his ears, John wonders why, whispered by Sherlock's lips, it sounded so fake.
John bursts out a loud laugh and Sherlock bites his inferior lips to be as quiet as possible, but it seems like it's already too much, as the infuriated whispers around them start again.
"I arrived approximately twenty minutes before the show began. I was seated on the last row. I read my emails and looked a bit at the room. There was a woman and a young man in front of me. I think he had Down syndrome... anyway, he seemed very excited to be there. He explained to his mother where such or such musician was going to take place, it was impressive. But I didn't see the man who got shot, I was looking somewhere else. I saw at first the agitation, I heard somebody speaking about a doctor thing and I followed the stream of people without thinking, really. I understood only once I arrived on the street, when people who were seated in the front rows told us what happened. That's also why I didn't cancel my business trip, there were so many witnesses, in comparison I have nothing new to tell you concerning this affair."
In three big steps the detective is in the hallway, his coat in one hand, his keys in the other one. He's almost sure John didn't notice his voice was shivering.
As for you, dear readers, I hope you'll like today's chapter and if so don't hesitate in writing a comment! It does motivate a lot.
Doris briefly nods her head to say she understands and Benjamin looks alternately at both men. John doesn't very well know how to behave with this particular witness. He hasn't met a lot of people with Down syndrome in his life. He had a neighbor at the end of his street which the children of his age laughed at when they were young, but he never really knew if the man was simply a bit isolated or really handicapped. He finds comfort by thinking to himself that it would be worse if Sherlock was here.
For the first time, Moriarty succeeded in looking at someone else than Sherlock. But of course, he's not talking to John directly and the way he speaks to Sherlock as if John isn't a human being capable of holding a conversation makes him feel like shit. Sherlock doesn't answer so Jim turns around to look at John with his impenetrable gaze. Silence doesn't seem to bother Moriarty who's getting so close that he only have to raise his hand... and here he is, touching John's splint.
"The cheapest," corrects Sherlock, his arms still crossed against his chest and his eyes fixed on the empty scene unlike the audience, getting bigger and louder.
Oh gosh. Almost one year since the last update, I'm so sorry everyone. But as promised, this fic isn't abandoned and I'll try to update the 5 remaining chapters asap! Thank you for your support and a huge thanks to
For the last time, John looks at his watch; if he leaves now, he can pass by the newsdealer and grab something to eat for tonight. He leans on the folder which he's writing the last patient's information. If he doesn't manage to write faster, his right foot—which is already shaking itself—seems more than ready to leave without him. It's because Sherlock has told him that he had to first take care of another case which is the reason that they aren't running around every corner of London to find the shooter of the Royal Festival Hall anymore. Rather than staying in Baker Street, twiddling his thumbs (or using them for much less Catholic purposes) John has been coming to the clinic daily for the last two weeks.
"You can remove your hand," calls the detective neutrally, but John firmly keeps his fingers pressed to his forehead like a visor.
"A private hospital?" Clara wonders, pinching her lips. "You know, there's a center in Southall, a few miles away from my home. It's Todd Benter who opened it a few years ago. "
The songs come one after another in the pub and Sherlock and John are still the only ones seated in their corner, drinking a beer which is getting warmer between their fingers. For sure, it's not how they usually spend their Friday evenings and everything in their attitudes scream awkwardness. John tells himself they can leave early and with the clement weather, they can walk a bit before getting on the tube. It still takes a few minutes of silence between the two of them - but two minutes of intense chaotic cacophony in the pub - before John decides to seriously propose to his flatmate to move. He raises his head, slightly opens his lips, but Sherlock seems so focused on the dance floor that he closes them right away.
"In yellow, we and the ballistics' team highlighted the seats from where the shot might have been fired; seats 43, 44A, 43, 42B, 43, 42, 41 C or 37, 38 D."
"Then you better go back to your place and call his lawyer," advises Sherlock, already moving back to show her the stairs.
John turns around as if lightning has touched him and Sherlock is here and John breathes. Sherlock ignores everyone, fixes his eyes on his roommate’s and gets closer by five steps before kneeling before him. He raises his hands, ready to put them on John’s, but stops a few inches away and rests them on the armrests instead.
The hand the doctor sinks into the black coat pocket brings out a white powder bag he wished he never saw again.
Sherlock barely raises his head, his clear eyes scrutinising one long second the doctor's body from top to bottom, before looking at the screen again.
John waits that is friend is in the kitchen to rubs his face persistently. Lestrade used words like trust, himself and accept and they are resonating in him, bouncing in his ribcage, going up to his head and finds the natural path to the only name he thinks about since he was waiting alone in the waste ground: Sherlock.
She swallows and nods. She has a light in her eyes that makes John shiver. She's thinking about the body spread in his own blood and even the consultant detective's assistant can guess it. It's by reflex that he lowers his voice and slows down his flow of words.
spent1 horizontally and nude to know that) but, because the subject comes up for discussion, he well has to admit that he has already tasted carnal pleasures with another guy. He was young, also a bit drunk, and they had only used their hands. Even if that hadn't been the most orgasmic experience of his life, it's true that it hadn't been unpleasant. By counting this experiment, renewed twice, sober, with the same student at the school of medicine, and the time he almost followed a soldier under his tent at Bastion camp (before being stopped by a group of friends who were going to play poker), four times John Watson was not heterosexual. Add to that some rare times when, more out of curiosity than by real desire, he succumbed to the temptation of watching porn movies only
The two men look at each other and Sherlock smiles before pressing his two thumbs on the small metal end cap. He's so slow lifting up the lid John's heart starts beating uncomfortably. They never know what they'll end up finding. In more than a year spent beside him, there has been over one hundred instances where the doctor has seen Sherlock getting on his knees next to a bed before taking out a box from underneath, in which people have hidden their secrets; from the embarrassing picture of an ex they want to forget to human organs - that
"Greg, is it true? You're not working on the case anymore?" John asks calmly, passing a hand over his sweaty forehead.
It's a simple gesture, but Sherlock smiles and it's almost the most beautiful reward of the evening. He slightly stretches his right shoulder before surrounding John's cock with his fingers. With slow movements, he's discovering his member along the entire length until his thumb slides across the tip he's covering with all the precome he can find. Once, then twice, before all the fingers close around the hot and heavy glans. There's only the ragged breath of John which is invading the room, illuminated by a single bedside lamp for which he has so many contradictory feelings. He wants to turn it off, of course, because he's not used to seeing something when he's sleeping with somebody, but he also wants it so much stronger so that he can see the entirety of Sherlock's face. Now, John can only see his eyes, bright as spotlights which are burning his retinas while attracting him at the same time. Gosh, how John's feeling like a stupid mosquito right now.
. The worst part was here, in this living-room with the improbable wallpaper, the spying skull and the smell between dust and greatness where Sherlock reeled continuously. The worst was the calm.
"Beautiful, isn't it?" Moriarty whispers and for a brief instant, they feel they're all breathing the same air.
Holmes. World's only consulting detective, collector of varieties of tobacco, sociopath in his spare time (more exactly at the stroke of 3 a.m. when his violin seems to be his only way to communicate), and great criminologist. In short, his roommate. John pinches his nose and closes his eyes. Everything was fine, though, if you forgot the taxi driver serial killer and the Big Bad Wolf wrapped in a Westwood costume. So, yes, Sherlock was weird, definitely, but there was something on this earth that made the two of them get along.
"For you to stop what's happening between you and my brother. Whatever is going on. That goes beyond Baker Street, and for the good sake of everybody, I would ask you to follow me. We will leave by the back door of this building and I will take you to a safe place, until this whole story settles down."
"Describe your scar to me, John," he asks and it's clear that he understood everything, one more time.
when Sherlock’s teeth close on his bottom lip. It feels like a punishment and John lets himself be pushed around.
Definitely, the resentment she feels about her husband is so tangible as her terrible quietness makes the flatmate understand that the idea doesn't displease her.
"No wonder you are in a bad mood in the morning, your bed is really small. How can you manage to sleep here?"
John sticks against the wall behind his flatmate and puts a hand over his own mouth to prevent himself from making the slightest noise and it's crazy that the reflexes he learnt in Afghanistan can come to life in this apartment in the center of London.
The first time Sherlock brings something to John, it's a Swiss army knife. John doesn't get it, he even thinks the medicines give him hallucinations but Sherlock tells him it seemed to him to be a useful present and John has the confirmation he's not dreaming because even if he's drugged, his own mind wouldn't be as incredible as Sherlock.
John had remained seated on a plastic chair, looking at his flatmate wrapped in his long black coat, swirling around the white naked body, and rocked by the chiaroscuro of the scene, not a word had gone out of his mouth. Of course, Sherlock found nothing, John deduced nothing and this waste of time had only consolidated them in the respective muteness.
Lestrade is settled on the back-scene, next to the suspects. He's hardly said a word since he arrived with his team. For sure, he had to play his last cards to authorise this reconstruction and, given the face he makes, he doesn't seem to believe they'll end up finding something. John can't blame him, either. He politely smiles at the DI, receives nothing in reply, then hides his stretched mouth behind his closed fist and pleads a sudden cough. God, what a bloody day this is.
"Nothing. I want chocolate, can you go and fetch me a Snickers?" sniffs Harry, interlacing her fingers and smiling at her brother like when she was 16 years old and she needed him to cover her ass when she was going night-clubbing.
. You certainly have a few, given the fact you're coming back from Afghanistan. And I will see what brought you back to London."
"Well, I hope the marshmallows weren't a bad idea... Who wants some?" announces Mrs. Hudson, returning with the pudding which she puts on the table.
"Sherlock?" John calls up by opening the door, and suddenly the detective leaves the window to pass in front of the DI, smiling.
He lowers his head and sees the phone at his roommate's feet. Does he have any idea in which position John will have to bend himself to be able to do so? He hopes not.
. Now, Sherlock, go back home, take a shower, enjoy a good scotch and do... whatever it is that you usually do when I come to save you, and tomorrow I'll want every detail on this Moriarty."
"Wait," growls the ex-soldier with a voice made hoarse by embarrassment, "That's all? We're not going to speak about it?"
"Should the two of us finish the bottle?" Sherlock offers, bending towards John who automatically stretches out his glass to him, thanking him with a smile.
"A witness told us he saw a woman with a man, rather small and quite chubby, who left quickly after the shot."
He still has a single question, before moving on, then he prepares his indexes proudly over the touches and types, letter after letter, the tip of the tongue out between his lips, in a grimace of extreme concentration: '
“Did you see the bathtub length?” Sherlock overtakes the delivery truck on his left but John seems mostly shocked by his claim.
More and more kudos and also comments! Thank you guys, it means the world to me. And lots, lots of love to
John sighs and nods. Focused on Lestrade’s story, he forgot about the pain and the tiredness. He shivers and stretches out a hand to his tea of which he’s swallowing the bitter end.
?) but eventually his hand lands on the cold latch and John appears in front of him. Where does he find those jumpers?
"It's pronounced Lulïet Fejzullakh," Steele corrects and he doesn't tremble any more, seems extremely tired and old, suddenly. The voice of Gregory has to resound, so that John finally understands:
"I might have explained to you what I'm doing poorly. I shouldn't have let you in the bar at Molly's birthday. I didn't answer you clearly and it was a mistake. Yes, I do
The blue crystalline eyes raise from the leather prison of the doctors' fingers up to his face, and it's as if John burned himself. He jumps, realising the ambiguity of his gesture, and puts the crop up awkwardly on the shelf to his left. He puts it up so badly, though, that it brings down the ashtray he knows is always filled, and he doesn't touch it anymore. Then he disappears into the kitchen where the kettle is finally ready. He takes out three cups, some sugar and milk, also, as well as three teaspoons and paper towels; in brief, so many useless accessories which only have the purpose of producing the maximum amount of noise to put up a front. It's with the precision of a Swiss watchmaker that he infuses the tea ball in each of the cups, eyes scrutinising the water coloring to a dark brown. When he returns to the lounge, the handles of the three cups hanging awkwardly at the end of his fingers, he finds Sherlock and Benjamin still sitting on the floor.
The politician catches a chair, which he pulls in the middle of the room. With the end of his umbrella, he pushes away John's jumper that is on it before taking a seat and crossing his legs in an aristocratic gesture that smells like naphthalene. He hangs his jacket on the back of the chair, then does the same with the handle of his umbrella before facing the doctor to whom he dedicates an unbearable smile. Well, he is apparently settled to stay.
He rests a foot on the last step and the wind crashing against his cheek slowly makes him raise his eyes. It's automatic, when he sees the park and the green grass meters and meters away from where he is, there's an awful strength that grabs him by the guts and makes him want to kneel, lie down, hold on on something, terrorized he might fall. Vertigo is usually awful, but today, with his immobilized arm, he feels more unstable than ever. He lowers his gaze to find the reassuring vision of his shoes touching something but it's the worst idea he could have had.
Holmes sometimes has this gaze so intense that all his body looks like a microscope. He's only coldness and analysis and during those times, even his skin seems so white that John holds himself back from putting a blanket on his shoulder. Tonight's different of course, because it's so hot in here they both lift up their sleeves. It's the result of the mix of alcohol, the proximity of all those people and this weird October month where no one would dare to wear a jacket. With the heat, Sherlock's hair is quite a mess. The darkness of the wet curl on his pale neck reminds John of his first teenage parties, first drinks and contradictory sentiments, and the ephemeral impression of being invincible because you're 16. John would like to ask Sherlock to tell him about his parties as a young man, but Sherlock is still looking at the dance floor as if it is a murder scene - which is a bit the case, given Andy's moves - so, John leans closer and speaks loud enough to be sure to be heard:
John alternately observes both Holmes brothers, the youngest which by his simple gaze wants to persuade him that the oldest is fooled
"The letters, it's always the saddest part. If people keep them it's because it's precious to them or…I don't know. You see what I mean?" asks John, frowning even if he's persuaded he's making a fool of himself in front of his friend.
The fair head nods once but that doesn't seem to satisfy the detective who slides his hand along the face to pinch the chin, which obliges John to open his mouth.
"Doctor Watson is going to assist me during this interview," explains Lestrade by taking place on his leather armchair.
"Well. Should we clean up everything, a bit?" he proposes, passing an already tired hand over his face.
"Of course. The failure of this case isn't a secret to anyone, especially at Scotland Yard. Holmes understood that it was about time that he calls on professionals, so, here I am."
He has the voice so soft that it is like a cotton cave where John could hide entirely. The blond-haired man puts his fingers on the bottom of the top; the right hand on the left side and conversely, before he begins to raise it, centimetre after centimetre, heartbeat after heartbeat. He slows down instinctively when the tank top passes in front of his face but the position is unpleasant and he cannot let Sherlock observe him without seeing him in return. Then, he removes it and sends it along with his shirt in a barely perceptible noise.
Hi everyone! I hope you're all doing well. First, thank you for your last comments and kudos (wow 308, it's like 309 more that I ever thought I'd get). Today I'm presenting you chapter 17 made of, approximately, 98% of pure smut including a riding-crop (but no pain, yep, I managed to do so somehow), dirty talk and some praise kink. Well, in short: here comes the rating E! Don't forget to write a review if you like it, I'll be thrilled to know what you guys thought about it :) And of course, I can't help but thanking the one and only,
"So, this is why you quarreled during the break?" demands John, who doesn't know when he and Sherlock had passed from detectives to psychologists.
he bumped into in the hall. It's clear that they're currently seated on the cheapest seats. So, why did Sherlock chose them?
Slowly, Sherlock leans on the armrest. He doesn't remove his hand from John's influence but the doctor still understands, without needing words. He spreads his fingers to undo his soft grip and, skin against skin, Sherlock's fingers slide against his. Their gestures have the slowness of the first time, the falling taste of prohibition. Their palms make contact finally John has a timid smile when he feels the soft-looking skin of the youngest one rubbing against his and finds that it is actually rough. Old, almost.
Hello dear readers. Many thanks for the latest comments and kudos - 212 oh my God, you guys are the best! As you already know, all the streets I'm mentioning really do exist and as I'm now living in London thanks to my work, I'll be able to
John nods, opening his eyes wide, and leaps to his feet, completely excited at the idea of going back to bed in his sheets which must still be hot. They still haven't found the murderer and that leaves dramatic questions, but they let themselves shamelessly carry by the temporary shiver to have at least settled a mystery, so minor it is. Sherlock, standing next to the coat rack, gives him his jacket, talking to the suspect who is still seated:
Of course, John can't answer. He doesn't waste time and simply obeys. His jaw opens and Sherlock catches the base of his cock to sink in a bit more, and John suddenly realises that they
"Are we really going to spend the evening talking about the way I dress?" smiles John leaned over his flatmate.
! You..." but John doesn't finish his sentence this time, for fear of releasing other words that he will regret.
"Well, it seems that everybody agrees in saying that the things I like are either unethical, illegal, addictive, or wear hideous jumpers. Even if the last two can easily be mistaken. And you can put back the crop, John - unless you like the contact of the leather in your hand?"
"Do you have any news concerning Sherrer?" asks John, piling glasses and flatware dangerously in a bowl.
He slowly stirs the spoon in his cup when he thinks of the smell of the cupboard mixed with Sherlock's cologne that he always knew but had never smelt so close. But of all his senses which were on the alert that evening, Sherlock's touch remains the one which still gives him this sort of ball in his stomach every time he thinks about it. The heat of Sherlock against him, on his back, on his stomach, along his left hand. The underlying warmth of a too big, too white body against his, too small, much too submitted. Because how passive John was—it's not something which he thought about, it's rather something that he let happen, guided by an instinct which already brought him back alive from more dangerous situations. And maybe that is the reason for his acceptance.
"I think we can say that, yes," confirms Sherlock with a nod. "Well, now that it is decided," and without further delay, the detective slides from his part of the sofa to John's lap.
John breathes in and Sherlock breathes out, while their embrace tightens. Loving Sherlock has always been the most beautiful way of self-destruction. And when that chimeric life with which you have fooled yourself has crashed beneath your feet, there's only one thing left to do.
Benjamin smiles and comes to catch the detective's free hand, which he shakes with energy before coming to greet the doctor. John takes him back to the staircase and returns to the lounge, his heart always catching at the vision of this room which must be mentioned in the dictionary under the definition of the word
John is breathless. He closes his eyes, shakes his head, his jaw can't move anymore. It's his subconscious which is protecting him and refuses that he says out loud words too painful to be confessed.
"John!" exclaims Mrs. Hudson, coming out of her kitchen, drying her hands with a green rag. "I thought that you would come back earlier," she blames him, turning her watch on her fine wrist, on which is displayed 7:12 pm.
"Blackberry always near her, dark rings under her eyes visible despite the make-up... She has a job with high responsibilities. Give up now, Sherlock, I'll resolve this before you," smiles John, leaning forward without knowing it.
They call each other at the exact same time, turning their head to the other. They share a smile and John nods to tell his flatmate he can continue.
It's not really an assertion, not a question either. It's not even a word you can find in the damn dictionary. That has at least the merit to make Sherlock smile. Then he whispers again, decomposing every word to be sure to be understood:
"I do have one, actually. Does that mean that I can touch you now?" he wonders, looking at John's fingers still intertwined around his wrist.
They hear them, a few meters away but ignore them as Sherlock is nibbling John’s bottom lip. Sherlock’s left hand raises to encircle his jaw and forces him to keep his mouth opened while he licks his tongue and the insides of his cheeks and never a kiss between them has ever been this obscene. John’s hand slide to his lover’s shoulder and he
And while Sherlock's smile is softer, the deafening sound of the pub seems to deaden slowly and John comes closer to his friend. There's something weird, all the joy of the last instants seems to be on pause and left behind it an emptiness to which John would like to give a name.
From the corner of his eye, the blond sees the haughty face of the younger man, pulling out his phone to send a text to the DI before kneeling down next to him, carefully avoiding the blood his leather shoes won't probably like. "Tell me what you know."
It's the noise of a lock which has been forced. Sherlock gets up with a feline speed and catches John's weapon in the pocket of his coat before the doctor has time to straighten up on at least his elbows. There is something terrible about seeing Sherlock with a weapon and it makes John nauseous; it's because the last time it happened, it stank of chlorine and there was a red point which slid like a snake over the detective's shirt.
I'd like to say a HUGE THANK YOU to the people who commented and who comment in general. You guys are the fuel that makes this website lives. Without you, FanFiction couldn't carry on.
"I... called Molly concerning that budgerigar theft - it was the gardener as I told you. I finished my experiment on the head I put in the fridge and you'll be glad to know I threw it away as you asked me to do. I changed the battery in the remote control so you don't have to complain every time you get up to change the channel directly on the television. And I might have used the jumper your sister offered you, as a mop, when the experiment I did on the head went...
He slows down when he arrives on Westgate Street because the children of London Field primary school are getting out, too-heavy bags on their shoulders and snacks brought by their mothers already in the hands of the fastest ones. He smiles when he hears a small red-haired girl, of whom both front teeth are missing, trying to explain to her friend why Santa Claus really exists, and lets a nanny with two kids holding on to both sides of a stroller pass in front of him, before raising his eyes.
They drive without a word for twenty minutes, which are as long as they are boring, before the car parks in a vacant lot. It's really embarrassing because John already went through this staging, so he sighs more than anything and doesn't even salute Anthea n°16 before slamming the door behind him and entering the red brick building. It must be an ancient slaughterhouse, judging from the rails fixed to the ceiling and the hooks hanging on them. There's also the smell of petrol and paint tracks a bit further near the gigantic metallic door, so John doesn't have to think too hard to understand that this place is a refuge used to disguise stolen cars too. The staging is simply grotesque.
