Steve chuckled roughly, “hopefully you’ll be feeling so good by the time we get there that you won’t even notice that part.”
Steve gently pulled out and Tony’s body relaxed at the reprieve before gasping as he pushed back in, filling him deeply again.  Steve groaned behind him as he worked his cock in and out of his body.  The pressure slowly faded with each thrust, his body growing more accustomed to the intrusion.  It didn’t feel great, but at least it wasn’t unbearable any longer.  And then Steve shifted, and the head of cock jabbed something deep inside Tony that had his back arching, had him crying out in pleasure this time rather than pain.
"Can't we just go look for her?" Clint spoke up from his spot behind them.  Pepper glanced over her shoulder, taking in the tense stance the archer was holding.  His arms were crossed, mimicking Steve's stance, his tattooed arm visible outside of his black tee shirt.  Lilah stood next to her father, leaning slighting against his side.  She was almost as tall as he was these days and was looking more and more like Laura by the minute.
Steve laughed.  “Not a fan of coffee… not really heard a lot of classic rock,” he admitted.  Tony pulled a face.
Bucky took a long sip of his coffee, his whole body seeming to relax as the liquid gold hit his tongue.  "Sleeping," he responded shortly.  "He took the night shift, was up with Anna every hour I think," he offered after a second long drag of precious caffeine. Tony nodded.  "Where's yours?" Bucky asked, turning the question back on him.
Clint stared at Tony and he just stared back.  The young girl that was currently attempting to choke the life out of Tony was still sobbing and god... Tony wished Steve was here.  Why was it always them?  What did they do?!  Why did the universe keep sending them children!?
Steve hadn’t realized that.  The way everyone talked, the fact that Anthony Stark still lived at home, was never really seen out, he had assumed the guy was barely of age, little more than a pup who finally had his first heat.
“I know, I know.  Almost there.  This is the worst, I promise,” Steve babbled as he pushed farther, forcing his way in and through,  Tony felt a deep, burning, tearing feeling and he cried out again, but it was done.  Steve was nestled, balls deep inside him.  Steve’s body was trembling where he lay on top of Tony and he wondered how hard Steve was holding on to his control.
"Where is she!?" she demanded yet again, leaning over Hank's work station as if she could possibly make sense of the various screens and dials and stats that were covering it.
He stepped out and used one of the large fluffy towels his mother insisted on to dry his body off.  Once dry, he stood in front of the full body mirror and studied the reflection that stared back at him.  He looked years younger, all smooth shaven as he was, but that wasn’t a bad thing.  No one wanted a 32 year old omega.  He was well past his prime and on the downward decline of childbearing years.  Better to appear young and vibrant and full of potential, right?
A low chime sounded and the doors opened, allowing a few servers in with covered silver platters of food.  The delicious aromas wafted around the table but couldn’t cover the sweet scent of Tony right next to him.  The omega smelled far better than the elegant meal they were being served.
“Shhh… it’s okay.  Open up for me, gotta let me in,” Steve whispered, hips rocking back and forth, easing just the head in and out.  Tony breathed through the pressure, focusing on the pleasure, on the light feeling of the head rubbing across his entrance.  His body slowly relaxed.  “Perfect,” Steve murmured, kissing the place where he was going to mark.
“My thing!?” He blurted out.  “We aren’t talking about hobbies or side gigs or what I might like to do on a Saturday night with my free time, Bucky.  We’re talking about bonding.  Claiming.  Kind of a forever thing here, Buck,” Steve reminded him incredulously.
Tony paused at the door for just a moment before walking over to the table.  He stopped first at his father’s place and kissed him regally on the cheek, then offered his mother his hand for a quick squeeze.  Steve couldn’t help but notice how Stane’s eyes followed the omega, never straying.  Well, wasn’t that both disturbing and a little interesting.  He’d have to keep an eye on the other alpha.
Howard smirked.  “Obie.  I’m sure even Rogers will be able to figure it out.  Pretty little thing presenting for him?  Surely instincts alone will be enough, he won’t even need to use his brain.”
The small form jumped up. Brown eyes widened as, what Tony could now see was a small girl, stood to her full height. She had a simple red tee shirt and jeans on, gold sneakers on her tiny feet.  He watched her face twist into a look of utter confusion before it crumpled completely.  The sob that tore through her as she rushed at him caught him totally off guard.  But nothing shocked him more than the strangled "Daddy!" that ripped from her throat seconds before she flung her tiny body at his armored legs.
Morgan Stark edged closer to the large pad in the center of the cavernous room.  She could hear her mother arguing mildly with Mr Pym, something about Daddy's research and his old files.  Things that didn't really matter to six year old Morgan but seemed to matter very much to her harried mother.  Morgan glanced across the room to where Clint was standing, talking to Cap, Lilah standing next to him with her bow in hand.  She was supposed to be with them, Clint was supposed to be taking them down to the range, to watch Lilah practice.  But the range was boring.  Not for Lilah, she loved any chance to shoot at the Compound, with all the fancy holo-targets and Avenger's-level equipment.  Morgan would much rather escape to Peter's lab.  It reminded her of Daddy.  But Clint was watching her today, so that meant a day at the range.
Once that part was done, Tony stepped back and gave himself a final once over, smirking when he was pleased with what he found.
Tony smiled.  He knew how he looked, the power his body gave him.  Even though he’d never been able to use said power, he knew it was there and tonight, tonight he could finally put it to use.
His arms and his legs were well muscled, he looked lithe and strong.  He definitely didn’t live a lascivious life of lounging and eating like many wealthy omega’s Steve had met in the past.  His build spoke of time spent actually using his muscles.
“Well, I do believe this is going to work out well, don’t you, Obie?” the older Stark asked, a proud note in his voice.  Steve’s eyes slid to Stane as the other alpha grunted rather than answer verbally.
“And you think Howard Stark is, what?  The key to pushing Schmidt back?” He asked, tone calmer this time.
“We have time for all the rest,” he pointed out, earning a nod from Tony.  And it was true.  They had all the time in the world, their whole lives after all.  He traced the bond mark that was slowly healing on Tony’s neck.  The omega purred and snuggled closer.  All the time in the world.
"Yeah," she replied, spreading her fingers out across the skin, "where'd the pictures go?" she asked.  Tony met Clint's gaze again and shrugged.
The child in his arms turned her head to peer cautiously at Clint.  Tony glanced down, watching her face screw up in confusion.  One small hand reached out, trailing tiny fingers along Clint's bare bicep.  "What happened to your arm?" she asked clearly, if a little wobbly.  Clint's eyes snapped to Tony's, a look of confusion evident in his gaze, before glancing down at the girl.
"It was my fault," a small voice pipped up, interrupting their growing argument and finger pointing.
"Morgan," the child whispered.  "You don't know me..." she phrased the last bit as a statement, not a question, as if she already realized she wasn't where she should be.  Clint shook his head.
Bucky gave him a sharp look.  “There is nothing wrong with your apartment.  It’s clean, safe, and a good size for that area.  He’s not going to lack for anything he needs.  He can come down to earth and get over the rest,” the other Alpha hissed back vehemently.  Steve wished he was as sure and Bucky about that.
Hank's fingers flew across the screens, typing and jabbing and hopefully finding the answer to Pepper's desperate question.  Steve stood behind them, arms crossed, and Clint was beside him.  Pepper knew they weren't any help here, if she didn't understand the various screens and data flying by, Steve and Clint definitely wouldn't, but she appreciated the show of support.
Morgan glanced between the three adults.  "Morgan Stark," she answered, her voice clearly saying 'you should know that'.  Clint nodded.  He'd already guessed that much.
“‘M gonna knot..” he warned and Tony felt a thrill of nerves wash over him again at the warning.  Steve pushed in deep, a cry falling from his own lips as his thrusts turned into deep rutting.  Tony felt him start to swell, an overwhelming pressure and feeling of fullness overtaking him.  Just as it started to feel like too much, he felt the burning sear of Steve’s teeth piercing the skin of his neck.  His own orgasm hit out of nowhere.  His channel fluttered and clamped down on the knot deep inside as he cried out, his own small cock spurting a small amount of cum onto the sheets below.  Steve grunted, hips slamming forward, grinding the knot into him as he came, filling him with a deep heat.  His teeth stayed deep, the burn in his neck a dull ache compared to the fullness and the haze of orgasm.  It was all too much, the last thing Tony was aware of was Steve’s moans as he gently rocked against his mate.
Tony made his way to the garage level, cursing at the agonizingly slow speed of the elevator. Why had he never upgraded these things?  Surely he could do better than this snail's pace they were moving at currently.
Tony nodded.  He knew that, had heard the same.  The first time always sucked, supposedly.  He felt Steve move over him, body covering his as he lined up with his wet, loose entrance.  Steve kissed his shoulder, moving along the blade, then up to where neck meets shoulder, the place he would place his mark, his Bite.  A claim that would last his life.
"I would feel better about if they learned to clean properly," Tony grumbled, falling back on another old argument.
"Barton-Barnes," Bucky corrected.  Tony rolled his eyes again.  He opened his mouth to continue yet another familiar never ending argument but before the words could make their way past his lips, Jarvis was interrupting.
The beta they were following cleared his throat as they neared large oak double doors.  If he had heard their whispered conversation, he didn’t show it beyond the simple warning that they were about to be joined by another group of people.
Steve settled in between his thighs, his hard cock rubbing enticingly against Tony’s own smaller one.  His lips trailed along his throat, going lower to trace his collar bone.  Tony tossed his head back, baring his throat to his mate.  His underwear felt hot and wet and he knew he must be making a mess.  One large hand moved down and pushed the wet fabric aside, sliding a finger inside of Tony’s channel.  He cried out at the stretch.  He’d been too afraid all his life to mess with that entrance.  Jerking off?  Even some mild anal play?  That could be hidden, but an alpha would know if he messed with his omega opening.  At least, that’s what his father and mother always stressed.
“So beautiful,” Steve gasped as Tony’s hips jerked up again, legs splayed wide.  Tony’s eyes fluttered open, he wasn’t even sure when he’d closed them, and he took in Steve’s wrecked appearance.  The alpha seemed to be almost shaking.  His pupils were blown wide, the smell of arousal suffocating in the air.  He hadn’t even removed a single item of clothing.
“Boy!” He called.  Tony sat up straight, head canted just barely to the side, an act of deference that inwardly rankled him, even if he’d never show it.  “Do you have a problem with a union between you and Barnes’s man?” His father asked.  Tony wanted to laugh.  As if he could answer any other way but yes.
Steve nodded and took the seat the beta butler pulled out for him.  Bucky and Sam were pointed towards seats across from him and the seat right beside him was left empty.  Obviously for the elusive “Tony”.  Steve was glad the nickname had been used, that was obviously how the omega preferred to be addressed.  Or was it just for close associates?  He was going to be his mate, surely that would entitle him to call him Tony, right?  Or was it something he needed to earn?
Tony gently removed his hand from Steve’s and took the offered seat.  Steve resumed his own and turned his attention back to the head of the table, to a smiling Howard.
Howard sat quietly for a few moments, eyes roving over Tony’s small, lithe body, taking in every inch.  Probably taking in the new bulk that had formed, as Tony had taken up some exercises Jarvis had taught him, with distaste.  An omega should be curvy and slight, skin smooth and unblemished.  Tony’s hands curled to hide the calluses and small burn scars from his experiments and his tinkering.  He was glad he was wearing his old band tee shirt, better to hide the muscles that had grown over the last few months.  Easier to hide how little like a proper omega his body had become recently.  Howard wouldn’t like it.
"Because Daddy is alive and you don't know me and..." Morgan's eyes shifted over to Bruce, trailing up and down his body, "and you sound like Bruce but you don't look like him.  You look like he used to, old pictures," she tried to explain.  Clint met Tony's gaze, noticing the troubled look on his face.  An uneasy feeling was settling in Clint's stomach.  If she was really from the future... that meant... Tony was dead.
“Howard, that’s ridiculous!  He’s nothing!  He’s a kid!  Tony could bring you something better, you know that,” his father’s Second spit out.
He stepped under the steaming water and washed quickly, using an extra round of conditioner just to be on the safe side, before sudsing up his face and carefully taking the blade to the skin.
“Tony will be down any moment now, you know how flighty omega’s can be, takes him forever to get ready,” Howard explained, taking his seat and signaling for the rest to do so as well.
"Morgan... that's your name, right?  Hi... I'm Bruce.  Can I take a swab?  We'd like to run some tests, make sure you're alright," he spoke softly.  Morgan's face screwed up, the frown and slight pout too familiar.
Sam startled him, clasping a hand onto his shoulder as he passed by on his way for the door.  “Wake up, Rogers,” he teased, “not a good idea to spaz out on your bonding day.”
Howard seemed to wilt a little, his scent mellowing as he regained control of his emotions.  “Schmidt and his Hydra men are growing in numbers.  Barnes has never been a fan, they’ve had clashes, increasingly, over the last year.  He’s been causing us problems over at the docks for months.  My last shipment ended up docking down in Jersey rather than risk another run in with any of Schmidt’s goons.  Alone, we’re struggling to keep him under control.  But if we were to work together…” Howard shrugged, eyes finally straying over to the corner to land on Tony.
Tony walked to the en suite attached to his room and went about turning on the shower, adjusting it to nearly scalding, just the way he liked, then gathered a towel and a new razor, cream and other toiletries.  His curls always behaved best when he took the time to treat them right, something he hadn’t done much of lately, as the shaggy bangs that currently marked his forehead could attest to.  Might as well start putting in more effort now, Howard’s wrath if he managed to run the alpha off with his usual utter lack of care about his appearance wasn’t something Tony wanted to face.
"Pepper, I'm trying to track her.  But... she wasn't wearing a guide device when she was pulled in. I... It's like hunting for a needle in a haystack!  She could be somewhere else in time, she could be here, just out of phase with our reality, she could be in a completely different reality.  I just... don't know," Hank rambled, slight edge of panic evident in his tone.
That seemed to be all the permission Steve needed.  He latched on to Tony’s neck, sucking a deep mark in the skin and he lifted the smaller omega straight up to place him on the bed.  Tony gasped at the aggressive marking, feeling that spot deep inside him loosen, slick making its way down to wet the way for Steve’s knot.
Bruce chose that minute to push through the door, stumbling to a stop when his eyes fell on the little girl hunched over on the bed.  "Oh boy," Bruce muttered, rubbing at the bridge of his nose then pushing his glasses back up in place.  "Tony, what did you do?" he asked.  Tony's head snapped around to level a glare at Bruce.
"Tony!" Clint's call snapped him out of his stupor.  He leaned over and scooped up the small being as her arms immediately found their way around his neck.  She didn't seem to care at all about the armor encasing his body.  He turned around to find Barton exiting the elevator, fully suited up in his purple Hawkeye gear, bow in hand with an arrow nocked.  Clint froze when Tony turned to face him, his eyes going straight to the form held tight in Tony's arms.  He watched Clint's eyebrows slowly raise higher and higher on his forehead.  "Jarvis said there was another trans-dimensional portal open.  Right under us..."
Clint led Morgan out of Medical and to the elevator. She glanced around curiously, taking in everything.  He'd guess by the way she looked a little confused that she wasn't familiar with the Tower, or at least this part of it, which had him curious about where she lived, where the Avengers spent time in her world if it wasn't at the Tower.  So many questions.
Steve went back to suckling each nipple, fingers gently moving in and out, letting Tony float on the sensations.  He felt slick leaking out, coating Steve’s hand as the uncomfortable feelings slowly turned to arousal, the burn of too much fading into the burn of not enough.  He moaned, hips rising to meet Steve as he sank his fingers in again and curled them, hitting something inside that caused fireworks to explode behind Tony’s eyes.
When dessert was served, Steve thought he might die.  Watching Tony spoon cold ice cream into his mouth, his full lips caressing the spoon, his delicate tongue peeking out to lap the slightly melted bits off, it was pure torture.  His own cock was tempted to fill right here, with Tony’s parents and his best friend as witnesses.
“Good boy,” Steve murmured as Tony let a gasp escape.  Steve pushed in deeper, putting pressure on the thin barrier of skin protecting his channel, his womb, his mark of innocence.  The pressure this time, while still uncomfortable, sent a zing of pleasure through Tony’s body.
"You think you traveled through time?" he asked, hearing Bruce suck in a sharp breath across the room.  Morgan nodded her small head.  "Why is that?" he asked, trying to gather a little more information.  Morgan shifted on the bed, pushing her hair behind her tiny ear.
“Buck, this is a stupid idea.  He’s gonna take one look at the apartment and pass out from shock,” he whispered back, voice an anxiety-ridden hiss.
“I’ve had Ana lay out some new clothes and underthings your mother picked out over on 5th Avenue for tonight.  I expect you to wear one of them this evening.  And for Christ’s sake, shave.  No Alpha wants a wooly mammoth for a mate,” his father ordered.  Tony swallowed roughly.  He could just imagine the outfits his mother would have put together.  He had nothing against the soft silks and delicate laces that most omega’s favored these days in private, or the soft, rich wools and elegant, pillowy cottons his gender favored in public, but he would always be pulled to an old cotton tee shirt and the rough pull of worn, old denim.  Maybe Rogers wouldn’t care what he wore during the long, boring days in his new home, as long as he could look pretty when he bent over for his mate at night.
He felt it when his knot started to deflate, releasing him from the omega.  He eased back away and carefully stood from the bed.  He made his way over to the en suite bathroom and grabbed a rag, wetting it with warm water.  He returned to the bed and gently cleaned Tony while he slept.  He wasn’t sure where they would go from here, they barely knew each other.  But Tony was his now.  So, they’d figure it out along the way.
Steve rubbed at the tight spot on the brow of his nose, right between his eyes where his headache was continuing to grow.  “Are you kidding me, Buck?” He asked, sure that he had heard his best friend wrong.
Steve tried to pay attention, to speak when spoken to, offer an opinion of the topic when asked, but the low buzz of awareness was overpowering.  Tony’s scent was all he could smell, a hint of vanilla overpowering any flavor of the food he attempted to eat.
Steve stepped out of the car and gazed up at the large, almost gothic looking mansion.  Sam had driven, following the instructions a Mr Jarvis had forwarded over for their dinner appointment with the Starks.  It was simple, only Sam, Bucky and Steve were attending, and they’d been informed only Howard and Maria and Howard’s Second, Stane, would be present representing the Starks.  Along with Anthony, of course.  An easy, low stress dinner.  Maybe.  Steve sure didn’t feel low stress.  He felt like he might crawl out of his skin.
"I was on the platform, I wasn't supposed to be, I was supposed to stay with Clint and Lilah," Morgan explained, voice shrill and wobbly.  Clint blinked at her explanation.  Her words were precise and easy to understand.  It was so different to how Arto's vocabulary had been when he was this size.  When they'd first found him, he pretty much only communicated through grunts and growls and curse words.  Clint uncrossed his arms, letting them fall to his sides in an unassuming stance.  He tried to appear easy, open.
“Are you sure?” Steve asked against the hot skin of his throat.  Tony nodded, then answered verbally, just to be sure he was understood.
Once they were alone, Howard tipped his head towards the sofa opposite him, the order silent but heard nonetheless.  Tony quickly obeyed, taking Obidiah’s previous spot on the plush red and gold sofa.
"Holy shit.  Tony... some you somewhere discovered Time Travel," Clint said, smirking at Tony's astonished look.
“Obie.  I need you to run down to the club.  Get the back room ready.  I need some time with my son,” Howard said, effectively ending the meeting, and Stane’s objections.
Tony raised a gauntleted hand, opening his palm and readying the repulsor as he stepped across the garage.  He took cautious steps as his eyes surveyed the quiet room.  The barest hint of movement caught his attention just as he reached the middle of the garage.  Over near the doors that opened up to the outside street, a flash of red had him spinning as the repulsor fired up.  He didn't fire though, as his eyes landed on the hunkered form of something small.  Something child like.
I couldn't wait a week for chapter one.  whoops.  As I have said before, this won't make sense if you haven't read Sara Holmes's Counterpart and Puzzle Pieces 'Verse.  I don't spend a lot of time explaining the intricacies of the world Morgan stumbles into, so... if you're lost, go read her work!!  You won't be disappointed, it is sooooo worth the time.  It is epic!
Bucky walked close and reached out, cupping his shoulder in his unscarred hand.  “You are the person I trust most, Stevie.  If there is anyone I would want on my side in this, it’s you.  Please?”
He was wearing a thin, beautiful thigh length crimson red shift with delicate gold piping and edging.  While it wasn’t clear in this light, he thought he could see the barest edge of tiny, stylish undergarments, and Steve's imagination was happy to fill in what they might look like.
"See?  Baby Barton agrees with me," Tony said, feeling a smug sense of pleasure at the small child's obvious support.
"Pepper..." she answered softly.  Clint snapped his eyes up to Tony's, taking in the slightly pale appearance and the wide eyes.
"Bah!" Anna called out, slapping her chubby hands against Bucky's shoulders. Bucky smiled softly at his daughter, giving her the attention she obviously was demanding.
Steve’s other hand came to cup the other hip and he pulled Tony in flush with his body, his arousal hard and obvious where it jabbed Tony’s stomach.  Nerves tingled as Steve walked the two of them back to the edge of the bed.
The little girl had calmed down some during their ride up, but she still looked shell shocked and a little lost.  Time travel.  What the ever loving fuck?  Alternate realities, other realms, he thought maybe they had faced it all, but... time travel?
"Sir, Agent Barnes, I am afraid there is a situation," the AI spoke up, tone cautious and tight.  "I am detecting a trans-dimensional portal opening in the lower level of the Tower."
“Stark,” Bucky greeted cordially, walking over to the table and taking the lead.  Howard stood, his mate following suit, and offered a hand out to Bucky first, then Sam, leaving Steve for the end.  His grip was tight, his gaze assessing as he greeted his son’s future mate.  It left Steve feeling judged and found wanting.  Not a good sign.  But the alpha did smile as he released Steve’s hand and bid him welcome.
Tony shuddered at the thought.  Great.  He could picture it now.  A short, probably slightly chubby, fumbling oaf who would rut against him like a dog in heat, no finesse, no promise of pleasure, just a wild rut ending with a (probably tiny) knot.
"Rough night?" Tony asked, pulling a second cup out of the cabinet.  He could be magnanimous when he wanted to be.
"Go where?" Hank asked in an annoyed tone.  "The possibilities are endless, I wouldn't even know where to send you."
"Medical, right?" Clint asked, stowing his bow as he watched the small child cling to Tony in a very Arto-way.  Tony distinctly remembered Arto clinging to him in this very way in the early days after they had rescued him.  He placed an armored hand on the tiny, quivering back as he looked at Clint, raising an eyebrow in question.  "That's what we do, right?  Medical, DNA test, freak out, then we add them to the brood?" Clint joked, voice a little tight to Tony's ears.
Tony stripped off his tee shirt and his jeans, his boxers followed suit until he stood nude in the center of his room.  A shower first, he decided.  While he  preferred the sculpted and styled facial hair he’d grown accustomed to sporting, his father was right.  An alpha wouldn’t want his omega hairy.  It was an unbecoming feature in male omegas, after all.  So, a shower and a shave.
A second finger pressed in alongside the first, causing the stretch to return with the edge of burn.  Tony moaned at the sensation.  It was a mix of pain and pleasure and it sent his head reeling.  Steve pushed in deeper, hitting up against his barrier, the undeniable sign of his virginity.  Tony breathed through the pressure and the burn, chasing the slight edge of pleasure that was still there underneath it all.  The fingers retreated again, then sank in, three wide this time.  Tony gasped, his whole body tensing.
Tony stood in front of the massive four poster bed in his room.  Deep crimson drapes were tied back at every post by braided gold ropes, the Stark family crest was hung at the head of the bed with pride, it’s colors mirroring the indulgent bedspread and drapes that Tony had always thought of as his colors.
Tony opened the door and stepped aside to let Steve enter first.  The alpha walked in and looked around.  The large four poster bed took up most of the room and was placed dead center.  There were fluffy, heavy robes laid out on the small settee under the window.  It looked like an opulent hotel room.  How romantic, Tony thought incredulously.
Pepper took a shaky breath.  She couldn't lose Morgan, her brain kept chanting that fact at her.  She'd already lost everything else, she could. not. lose. Morgan.  The one thing she had promised Tony, that they would be okay, that she could keep their daughter safe.  How had she failed so badly!?
Clint calmed down and ran a hand through his hair, knowing it would mess it up and leave it standing on end, but right now, he really could care less.  He met Tony's eyes again, finally broaching the subject he knew the other man didn't want to deal with.  "Someone needs to call Steve."  Tony nodded, a resigned look on his face.  "Steve needs time to explain it to Arto," Clint pointed out.  Tony winced but kept nodding.  Clint had really been looking forward to sleeping in, to an easy day with his husband and daughter.  But no... their lives could never be that easy, that mundane.  "Okay.  Morgan, are you hungry?" Clint asked.  Morgan just shrugged.  "Bruce, do we need to do anything for her skin?" he asked.
"Yeah.  Do that.  And have him meet us up on Medical," Tony responded, meeting Clint's eyes.  "What?" he asked, noticing the tightness in his jaw, the way his eyes danced, like he was trying to keep from cracking up.  Clint didn't seem to be able to hold it in any longer. He let out a cackle, holding his stomach with one gloved hand.
Steve clamped his lips shut.  Obviously her leaving and her father’s betrayal and flight to England was still a sore spot for his friend.  Steve couldn’t exactly say it wasn’t still a sore spot for himself, either.  But… losing her still hurt.
“So, how do you want me?” he asked, keeping his back to Steve.  He heard the alpha clear his throat, then reply nervously.
"Jarvis? Is Bruce in the Tower?" he asked as he walked towards the elevator. Clint stepped in after him, quietly watching the figure in his arms.
A sharp kick under the table jerked him back to the conversation.  Bucky’s glare was clear as day: wake up and pay attention!  Steve could do that.
The omega smirked at Steve’s lack of grace, but gave a small bow of his head in deference just the same.  When he offered his hand out to Steve, the alpha forced himself to be smooth and suave as he took the offered hand and placed a delicate kiss on the back.  He couldn’t stop himself from turning Tony’s hand over and scenting his delicate wrist. Tony’s hands were surprisingly rough and callused, even more proof that the omega wasn’t idle and wasn’t afraid of a little work.  It was a nice surprise.  He felt Tony suck in a breath at the overly personal greeting.  They were about to be bonded, he’d need to get used to Steve’s presence.
"Morgan!!" he called, starting to move towards the platform.  Morgan snapped around to find her mother's angry face also moving closer from the other side.  Morgan decided it was probably best to move back to the ground.  She was in enough trouble as it was.  She made to move back towards the ramp when a high pitched humming sound started to vibrate through the room.  It was centered under her feet, making her body tremble slightly.  Morgan quickened her pace, breaking into a run.  Just as she neared the edge of the platform, she felt the room grow hot.  It felt like the air was being sucked out of the room, like it was closing  in on her.  Her limbs felt heavy, they didn't want to move any more.  "Mommy!" she screamed before she felt her body being jerked backwards and the whole place went dark.
"Affirmative.  Based on Mr Richards's previous data and tracking algorithms, I am sensing one being, 5 meters straight ahead," the AI explained.
"We'll find her," Steve spoke up, making the promise in his best Captain America voice.  Pepper gave him a weak smile.  Always the optimist.  Tony had always said that was both one of his more redeeming qualities and one of the things that drove him up the wall.
Clint did have a point, though.  He should call Sue.  Because inter-dimensional travel was Reed's thing.  If another alternate dimension child had found it's way to their universe, it had to be Reed's fault.  He'd do that.  Just as soon as they had some answers.
He turned back to his own food and attempted to finish it off at a normal pace, not thinking too much about the omega next to him and what was coming in the next few hours.  It was traditional for the physical act of bonding to happen immediately when a deal was made, then later on a formal ceremony and party for the newly bonded pair, but the more private, personal act of actual bonding had to occur while the alpha was connected, tied to the omega or beta, and thankfully, that part was afforded privacy.  Even though the Starks had demanded that they stay at the Manor that night for the bonding, they at least hadn’t asked for any kind of witness.  He’d heard of that happening with old bloods.
“Shhhhh,” Steve whispered, releasing his nipple to soothe him through the intrusion.  “I’m a lot bigger than my fingers.  Gotta get you nice and stretched out,” he explained as he gently pumped all three in and out of Tony, not going too deep, just working the opening loose.  Tony nodded and tried to force his body to relax, to open.
Bucky answered in another grunt as he kicked out a stool at the island, sliding his body across it tiredly. "Teething.  It's a form of torture even Hydra never thought of implementing," he said by way of explanation.  Tony was once again eternally grateful that his child had shown up at 6 years old.  They had managed to skip some of the more tormenting stages of childhood.  Like teething.  And potty training.
“Alpha, claim me, please?” Tony whispered, stepping into Steve’s space.  The alpha leaned over and buried his nose in Tony’ throat, scenting him deeply before letting out a low growl that sent a zing straight to his center.  He felt that tell tale tingle that always preceded the wet rush of arousal and sighed, leaning into the scenting.
Steve could smell him before the door opened.  The delicious scent of citrus and vanilla filled Steve’s nose, an undeniable sweetness underlining the scent that screamed fertile, available, omega.  Steve’s eyes snapped up to the far door of the dining room, the one that led to the side that he and Bucky and Sam hadn’t come from.  The beta opened the door and Steve felt his stomach drop at the sight that stepped through.
Tony wasn’t so sure about that.  He felt like he was being split in two already and that was without the knot.  He couldn’t even imagine Steve’s cock growing.
The door was silently pushed open and the three walked into an ornately decorated large dining room.  The table, while large enough for three times their number, was set for only 7 at the far end.  It did little to make the atmosphere more cozy or intimate, but at least they wouldn’t have to scream.
“Okay, but why through a bond?” Steve asked, standing up to pace the small kitchen of his West Side apartment.
The pleasure was growing again, his center clenching, needing something more, something full inside of him.  Steve must have been able to tell, because he pushed in,deep this time.  Sinking in and stretching the tight channel.  The pleasure flew away in the face of the unending pressure and burn of skin stretched too far, beyond its capabilities.  Tony cried out, his body moving away on instinct.  Steve’s hand gripped Tony’s hip tightly, not letting him escape as he continued to push forward.
A sharp jab to his side by Bucky’s elbow brought his attention back to the small group walking through the manor.
"I wasn't wearing a suit," Morgan explained, pulling her arm back to cradle it against her chest.  "Everyone wears a special suit when they use the platform, but I didn't have one on," she went on.
Tony was quiet the whole meal, but Steve caught the occasional smirk when Howard or Stane would say something rather pompous or eye roll worthy.  It showed the omega’s personality, and made Steve want to get him in private, away from an audience so he could see it more, learn more about his intended.
"I don't have any pictures on my arm.  Never have," Clint answered lightly.  The girl's face screwed up in anguish again, her small lip trembling and Tony just knew another round of sobs was on it's way.  "Hey... what's your name, huh?  Do you have a name?" Clint asked, working to cut off another break down and to get the small child talking.
Pepper could see Clint's guilt in the set of his jaw, the way his brow was furrowed, the frown that marred his face.  "Clint," she said quietly, knowing how quickly his thoughts could go dark, "it wasn't your fault.  I wasn't watching her, either," Pepper pointed out, needing her friend to let this one go. He carried enough on his shoulders without adding this to it.
His father sighed, a long suffering sound. “Obie.  James Barnes is young, but he has amassed his sympathies all over New York.  What he’s done in the short time he’s been in control of the Westies is concerning.  Enough so that I think it’s strategic to barter a truce now, before he grows even more powerful and truly becomes a threat to us.”
Obidiah’s face darkened.  “Rogers is an oaf and has no idea what to do with the knot god gave him,” he muttered.
"Sorry," he apologized.  "But I have to warn you, no one around here is very good at watching their language."
Tony nodded to his father.  For now though, silk and lace it was, as he doubted his mother would have bought anything less.
She just wanted to see it, get a little closer.  It was easy enough to creep up the ramp, her small feet made little sound as they padded against the polished metal.  When she made it to the top of the ramp, her eyes widened.  The platform felt large, impressive and all-encompassing.  Morgan moved to the center, turning in place to look out at the room from the higher vantage point.  She saw Clint turn to his side, glancing down to where she was supposed to be standing.  His eyes widened and he started to look all around.  Morgan knew the moment Clint caught sight of her.
“Yeah.  just caught me off guard,” he explained, easing his legs open wider.  Steve moved back to his opening, this time easing a finger in slowly.  The stretch was still there, but better.  Steve moved down to Tony’s silk covered pecs and tongued at one pert nipple, sucking it in through the thin fabric as his finger gently moved in and out of Tony.  He felt his body slowly loosen, opening a little more to the intrusion.  If Steve had any doubts about Tony’s status or experience, surely they were answered now.
Steve cleared his throat and rubbed at the back of his neck nervously and Tony couldn’t help but find it endearing.  He wondered how many omegas the man had bed, or if it was possible he was Steve’s first, same as Steve was his.
“Exactly.  Stark needs us as much as we need him.  He has the guns, the money, the connections.  But we have the people.  What is it Old Chester used to say?  That old president’s quote?”
“Obie.  You are my oldest friend.  That’s the only reason I’ve entertained this argument as long as I have.  But keep challenging me, and even that friendship won’t save you from my anger,” Howard warned, voice low and edged with iron.  Starks are made of iron, his father always said.  And moments like this, Tony saw how true it was.  Even Obidiah seemed to wilt a little at the hint of Alpha and Leader that Howard leached into his words.  Tony himself felt the need to kneel and offer his throat in submission.
The food and dishes disappeared quickly once they were done eating and Steve found himself standing and shaking Howard and Stane’s hands at the foot of the massive center staircase, Tony silent at his side.  He glanced over at Bucky and Sam and offered a reassuring smile at the slightly concerned looks the two were giving him.  He wasn’t going to bolt at the last minute, he wasn’t going to go back on his word.  He was going to bond with Anthony Stark.
Bucky sighed and crossed his arms.  The long, cotton sleeve of the dark Henley he wore covered most of the scars that littered his left arm, just the barest hint peaked out of the cuff at his wrist, a gift from Johann Schmidt’s slimy second, Arnim Zola’s special brand of torture.  Steve tore his gaze away from that painful reminder of his utter failure to both his best friend and his leader to tune back in to what Buck was saying.
Tony sat in a plush, gilded chair off to the side of the large sitting room in Stark Manor.  Only the best for the Stark Family, Omega or not, he thought snidely.  Obidiah and Howard were seated opposite each other on the plush sofas with a low, mahogany table between them, a safe barrier to the alpha anger that Tony could scent on the air as the two men argued.
“And he was right.  Stark needs soldiers to win this war against Schmidt.  That’s what we can give him,” Bucky pointed out.
Tony sat up, pushing the alpha back so he could reach the dress pants.  He made quick work of the button and zip, releasing Steve’s cock and… holy shit.  He was just as big as Tony had imagined, maybe even bigger.  And still covered in cotton.  He swallowed nervously and pulled the band of Steve’s underwear down, letting the swollen member spring free.  It bobbed, tip wet and shiny.  He wanted to reach out, to stroke him, see what he felt like, but his nerves had returned.  He just wanted it done.  They could explore and figure everything out later.  Right now…
He was taller than Steve had expected, and well built for an omega.  Curly, artfully styled brown hair gave way to a beautiful, sculpted face.  He was clean shaven and had a young, spirited look about him.  If Bucky hadn’t told him Tony was in his thirties, he would never have guessed it.
“Thanks, I feel better too,” he said and hugged her back awkwardly. Why did it feel nothing like the hug Steve had given him? What was up with him lately?
“Seems like you didn’t come over with good news there, pal,” Steve told him, searching his face. James’ eyes slid to Dugan who wanted to step away but controlled himself. Steve followed his eyes and said, “I trust him. What’s the story?”
“And if you don’t eat them, I will,” Tony said and nodded. “Will you come watch me eat all your cookies?” He asked and tickled his brother until he was squirming and giggling.
It had been two hours since Clint and Tony had been taken. The first fifteen minutes had been Sarah and Natalia trying to calm Steve and James down so they could think straight. It was a strange way for the two women to meet for the first time but, being the incredible women they were, they made it work. Jones took on the job of keeping Benni entertained, allowing the young boy to take him on a tour of James’ house seeing as he knew it better than Jones did.
“Sure.” He nodded and cleaned his dirty hands before heading upstairs, taking his time. His whole day had been rather exhausting despite all the sleep he got. On top of that he felt uncomfortable going after them. Who knew if they had something they needed to talk about or things to sort out?
They talked another few hours and then Steve walked his mother upstairs to bed. He went in and sat on her bed while she talked from her bathroom, brushing her hair. Her room was so different from the others. Light blues and soft greens against the wood. Her bedding flowery and the picture frames around her room also intricate in their style.
James heard the sound of Steve’s knuckles cracking as he clenched his fist. James decided maybe it was time for him to speak instead.
Dmitri had driven Clint to the bar this morning and James had called Natalia after they left to see if she would be going there later on as well. He didn’t want Clint to feel like he needed to be babysat but at the same time, there was simply no way in hell James was going to have a repeat of the circumstances that led to Clint being taken away from him. Not in a million years.
. “You’re good company. Keep being good company and wouldja look at that? You’ve got something to give.” He kept checking the door to make sure it was closed. He meant everything he said but that didn’t mean he meant for everyone to hear it. He knew he was inching too close to truths that weren’t allowed.
James walked the cake over to the table and sat it in the middle, Steve still putting out the dessert plates for everyone. It was a rule, whoever cooked thereafter did the least work and the cook was usually Sarah.
“Wasn’t planning on it,” Steve said, curious as to what that last part meant but he figured that was for Tony to tell him or not.
“I didn’t think you sounded that way. I was just lettin’ you know,” he explained. He knew if anyone was grateful for anything in their life it was Tony. He had thanked Steve more times than Steve could remember. “And of course I know I can trust you.” He sipped his drink, watching Tony from above the rim of it. He needed to change the setting or he was going to do something he’d regret but he had no idea how to change it and he also really didn’t want to.
Clint nodded along, having concluded that it was something like that. “I’m here for you, you know? To tell me this stuff before it keeps you up at night.”
James nodded slowly, understanding sinking in. He also felt a flash of fury directed towards Fitz but he knew the young man hadn’t
He pulled himself up on the counter and looked at his father. “How can I be a bastard, when I’m your son?” He mumbled, sure that Howard wouldn’t hear him, since he never did. Unfortunately he was wrong and Howard did hear him that time. In his unbelievable rage he grabbed Tony’s arm and forced it into the hot water, pressing it down to the bottom of the pot even despite Tony’s screams. The pain was unbearable, making his whole body go numb. He didn’t even notice how Howard shoved him on the ground and had his foot on his chest, pressing him down.
After a few hours at Steve’s house under heavy protection and some discussing about what Benni would truly need for his time at James’ and they were standing in front of his house being let in.
James pulled out two cigars, offered one to Steve who declined, and then tucked the other away. Once it was cut, he lit up. He blew a puff of smoke at the ceiling, his eyes sliding to Steve, a sly smile on his face. “How good-looking are we talking?”
That night Steve sat at the kitchen table, his phone in his hands and thumb hovering over Tony’s chat. Bucky and Sam were on the couch fighting over which show to watch—it was between Great British Bake Off (Sam) or The Prodigal Son (Bucky)—and it didn’t seem like either would be winning anytime soon.
Steve raised his glass to his lips, watching Tony over it with a look that made Tony’s knees feel weak even though he was sitting down.
He helped Steve up. The past few weeks he had worked a lot and it made Tony’s heart ache if he was completely honest.
“The tea in that warehouse was lukewarm. Either they don’t know how to make tea properly or they hadn’t been gone all that long,” Dmitri said.
Callahan swallowed hard. “I… I got confused?” he said, choosing the one he thought was the least damning. Steve smiled and again, it was unpleasant and twisted his otherwise handsome face into something terrifying.
“I did,” he said, glancing back quickly when he thought he heard the truck. He was sure Rhodey had figured out his plan and would probably have that nosy bunch pull the truck up to wait outside the garage. “I don’t know about you, but I had a good time.”
Pepper smiled as she reached out to accept the record. Her smile grew wider and she ended up chuckling to herself, shaking her head.
On Saturday before Christmas Eve Tony hadn’t seen Howard in two days, which also meant a whole day of income that wasn’t being taken away. He was sitting in front of the box, the letter Mr Rogers had written, next to his phone number to his right while he was counting and counting again, calculating expenses and costs. Benni was fast asleep in his bed while Tony was lost in thought. Twenty-six dollars and thirty-eight cents. During the holidays train tickets were more expensive but if only he could make it to Florida, maybe Texas. Somewhere warm. Somewhere far away. He had no idea how much it would cost to get a place anywhere but Brooklyn. He had no idea about life anywhere else. He looked to his sleeping brother and sighed. Anything was better than staying though, right?
“Yes,” he said, breaking the kiss only to say that word. “This is the Steve you always have all to yourself but now not just in the bedroom.” He was slowly guiding him back towards a wall, kissing him and the kisses were hungry. He deepened it, one hand wrapping around Tony’s waist to pull him closer and hold him tight and the other cradling his face.
A good twenty minutes later the can was filled with fresh coffee. “It’s not ideal but better than the batch before. You should get the coffee machine from the deli. There are one or two small sacks of coffee beans in the pantry.” He had sat down across the table from Steve and leaned back in his chair. He was proud of himself that he remembered to unbutton his jacket before sitting down. Suits weren't that bad after all.
Tony stopped drying the glass and turned to look at Steve, who simply continued to wash the dishes. “Well… You guys were in the war. That’s different,” he said, shaking his head again.
Steve stood up straight, breathing hard and fixed his hair. He dared anyone in the room to look at him funny so they kept their eyes on the ground. The guy in front of him had no choice but to keep his eyes shut, they were swollen.
“Yeah, I meant it from a romantic point of view. Not literally ‘do you sit in his office’,” Clint said with a laugh. “I mean—eh, never mind. That’s sweet.” He was getting tired and didn’t feel like explaining himself. He dragged his hands down his face.
Steve watched Tony take charge of the situation and of Falsworth with all the smugness of a proud coach watching his players win a big, important game. There was a smile on his face, a look, that he knew he’d only really felt there when he was looking at Tony but the boy just made you want to smile at him and let him do his thing. Falsworth did not enjoy being bossed around by someone almost half his age but one irritated look from Steve and he dealt with it.
Steve nodded, pleased with that response. “Happy to hear it.” He turned, glancing back at Tony to follow. “One more room and if we take any more time getting there, she might be upset.” But there was a smile on his face as they headed for the kitchen.
“No. No, I don’t. I can’t. That’s... no, no. Don’t be ridiculous.” He laughed weakly and turned back to his cup of coffee. It was ridiculous.
Steve left Tony’s bedside more often than he liked but he did have work to do. He knew already that some of his men lower down on the food chain had begun to murmur, according to Dugan. Steve had squashed those murmurs quite easily.
“Aw, feck off,” he told him, going over to Tony and putting a hand on his own. He gave it a light squeeze in hopes he’d wake slowly, peacefully.
Clint grabbed him by his shirt and pulled him forward, sliding himself to the side and forcing the man’s face into the hard wall behind him. He slipped his hand around while the guard was trying to push his face off the wall and snatched the keys, slipping them into his pocket (hopefully) quietly.
Steve looked at Tony and nodded, smirking at the man in the rear view mirror. “I do,” Steve answered in English as the car began to pull away. “It’s nice to see you. Thanks for the pickup. Percival, this is Tony. Tony, Percival, though we all call him Pinky.”
Tony exhaled loudly, not realizing he had been holding his breath, and slumped against Sam who did the same, a hand over his face as he caught his own breath.
“Hmm,” Steve said, his eyes still shut and a smile on his lips, his hand pulling Tony even closer. On beat, he took a step back and then pushed Tony out gently with the hand holding his hand, spinning him and then bringing him back in. He watched Tony as he spun out, his eyes on him, full of love and relaxed happiness. He felt drunk but he knew he wasn’t. Not on alcohol at least.
“That’s not it,” he said slowly. He couldn’t tell her why. There was no way he could. Or should, for that matter. Who knew who was listening. Suddenly he felt scared again. Scared Howard would find him. He couldn’t and Tony knew that. He had shot Howard in his face. Howard was as dead as they got.
Also, this chapter is 100% winterhawk. There’s no Stony in this chapter in case that first sentence wasn’t clear enough.
Steve’s damage was extensive. He would be looking at a couple weeks in the hospital this time, no exceptions. He had the three stab wounds, the damage done to his gun shot wound, and a few others cuts, scrapes and bruises. He was suffering from a nasty concussion and he had more stitches on his eyebrow from where he’d fallen in the car and cut it open.
“Tell us where they are or I’m going to slide these one by one under your fingernails,” James said, his tone still incredibly casual. “I’ll give you one chance before I insert the first one.” He grabbed the man’s hand despite him trying to wriggle away and lined up the needle with his index finger. “You have ten seconds. Where are they?”
Everyone got quiet and looked down at their hands or at each other just like rowdy school children who’d been told off.
“Well, after dessert, would you like to sit out on the balcony with me for a while? It’s not too cold tonight,” James suggested, watching the way Clint’s face lit up. James kissed his cheek and then stood to begin clearing dishes.
“What are you going to do today?” He asked simply because he didn’t know what else they could talk about.
“What?” he asked Natalia, deep in his thoughts and not having heard her question. He pulled his gaze away from an empty booth he had been fixed on and back to her.
It had been a little over a month that they had all stayed in the Rogers’ home and today was the day Clint and James were going back to their own home. Clint missed the privacy and the familiarity still. He liked being near Tony and he enjoyed Steve’s company as well as Benni and Sarah who had somehow managed to just adopt everyone, even Natalia, but he longed for their own home and all the places in it that brought back memories of falling in love with James.
“Really? I like routine. Maybe something new every now and then but not too much.” Tony paused. “My father was a drinker. Never liked what it did to him, the smell or the taste. Sherry is the only thing I’ll sip on.”
He woke up with the wool blanket on him, a pillow under his head and the curtains closed. The fact that he managed to sleep through all that scared him more than he was willing to admit. Never before had he been a heavy sleeper and now he didn’t notice someone putting a pillow under his head? If he wasn’t careful he would lose all his survival instincts he had developed over the years.
are smart and brave, aren’t you?” Benni smiled, nodding. “That’s a good lad.” He pressed a kiss to his hair and told him to have a good day and that he’d see him later, and disappeared down to the basement, waiting for Tony.
He learned about Steve and he wanted to learn more. How did he get where he was? And why? And when? “Thanks,” he said and smiled shyly. “Numbers make sense. Anyone who looks close enough could have seen that.” He looked at the sheets in front of Steve. It would be nice to have something to do, use his mind and not his muscles. “I’ll gladly help.” He nodded.
“Barton,” he replied, realizing that was going to be confusing now that there were two of them again. “Natalia. How did it go?”
He took a deep breath in an attempt to calm himself down. What the hell was he supposed to do now? He was so panicked and scared that he didn’t even notice the tray with water and food in the corner of his room. There was no way he would touch that as long as he didn’t know it was safe.
good guy. From what Sam’s told me, he doesn’t put himself out there all that often. You and I both know your preferred dating style, so if at any point you get the sense that you two want different things, don’t string him along. Just end it.”
“Thank you,” Steve said and turned back to O’Shea with a raised eyebrow. “You stood there and watched us chase little issues and didn’t say a word about the deductions you had been making,” Steve said, sitting down in his chair, his arms crossed. He motioned for Tony to come stand beside him. “Granted he’s gifted,” Steve began, pointing up to Tony, “but he found you out in less than half an hour. I can promise you your punishment will last a lot longer if you don’t talk now.”
Steve waited, figuring anything to do with Howard Stark did not warrant getting three hours of sleep, so there must have been something else on his mind.
Steve brought over the wine and the main meal, ladling out Tony’s portion and Tony leaned forward and closed his eyes as he inhaled deeply, his stomach growling.
“It’s okay. You’re safe. Steve, look at me,” Tony said, gently rubbing over his forearm and making Steve turn to him.
on purpose.” He looked at Tony, trying to gauge his reaction. “Sad Steve is going to hit hard and it’s not going to be pretty. It always does, so now especially so. I can be here if you want, or I will let you handle it yourself. Up to you.”
When her glass was empty, she headed to the kitchen and he followed her, turning off the light in the study. They went upstairs together and he kissed her goodnight and she went to her room.
Conversation went on beside him and the next thing he really knew and was able to process was that he was back in his office, sitting on the couch in there. Phil was beside him, a hand on his knee.
When he found it sunk in between the couch cushions, he looked down at it and Steve moved closer to him. He had seventeen missed calls and eight texts all from the same person.
“Or you just took your sweet time. I'll take homework duty tonight. Come get me once dinner is ready?” Tony asked, looking at Steve. Still in his suit but now way more relaxed, he looked even more handsome. Steve nodded and closed the door behind him.
“Hang in there. Do you want a drink?” He looked up when Steve mentioned the strawberries and pouted. “They were supposed to be an extra bonus for your mom. Guess the chocolate cake will have to do.” He leaned back and listened to the story for a moment. He couldn’t focus on it much longer simply because he was so excited about getting away from here, going somewhere new, being with Steve.
Steve chuckled, only his mother could have handled that how she did. “He’s afraid you’ll hate him for this.”
Steve pulled up a chair and sat down beside the bed, leaning forward, his hands clasped together. He considered his next words and then said, “You don’t owe me anything and I never expected anything from you. Not in the beginning and certainly not now. I’m doing this because—”Lie? Half-lie? Vague response? “—I was in a similar situation to you before my father died. I wish I’d had someone help me and my ma out. Guess that someone for me was a disease,” he said, not mentioning it by name because he knew Tony’s sister had suffered a similar fate. “You’re welcome, Tony. And enough with the sir and the ‘Mr Rogers.’ It’s Steve.” So half-lie it was.
“Thank you for saving Rhodey,” Tony said and Steve just held him tighter. “I’m so glad you’re okay.”
“It’s not but you’ll always come first,” he reassured him. “A lot, so much. So many places and foods for you to try. But first, I’m going to find you that ring.”
Steve moved even closer, making sure his closeness was welcome as he did, until he could carefully pull Tony into his arms. “I’m sorry,” he told him, not sure what else to offer. Tony had heard it all before and Steve felt a little helpless trying to fight Tony’s intrusive memories. “Has the feeling passed?”
Clint’s eyes narrowed. “Listen, I’m deaf and reading your lips. Did I misread or did you say you’re seeing a very influential person?”
Steve thought about it for a few minutes. He could, he might even get a yes judging solely by how Tony was looking at him while he waited for Rhodey to show. He was good-looking and had been entertaining. Steve wasn’t really one for blackout drunken nights and all-night parties—he was thirty-three, just
Sarah had made him a cup of tea and brought him a biscuit while he read and Tony napped. He was just finishing the biscuit when Tony stirred.
They had stumbled their way to his bedroom, leaving a trail of clothing behind them and probably earning themselves a few bruises that didn’t have anything to do with having a good time but if Steve wasn’t satisfied after dinner, he sure as hell was now.
“Ah,” Steve said, disappointed but not showing it. “Sounds like a more productive day than mine. Maybe I’ll make up for lost time with ma and Benni.” He stood and stretched his arms high. He looked around for his clothes—so used to just taking them off wherever and falling asleep—that it took him a moment to realize he’d come into the study in his pajamas. He shook his head at his morning brain and told Tony he was heading for the kitchen.
They took turns keeping each other back while he spoke. James moving forward when he spat but Tony shook his head and Steve grabbed his arm and pulled him away. Steve tensed when Howard told Tony the truth. Steve had known for a while—Dugan brought him the information—and he figured Tony did too until he saw his reaction, then he was back to wanting to stab James’ knife through Howard’s eye.
James looked over, holding a wristwatch in each of his hands. Steve met his eyes and then looked at Monet, a younger woman than Steve had expected. He looked back at James who gestured to Monet with one of the watches.
Steve woke more peacefully than he had in months. He couldn’t even remember the last time he had been able to sleep a solid…
“Sorry,” James apologized quietly and Clint shrugged as though it didn’t matter which actually made James feel worse and when he looked up, Steve was looking at him.
Tony lowered his hand, closed his eyes and exhaled, relieved. As he closed his eyes a single tear rolled down his cheek. He had to smile, almost laughed. “All this time,” he said with a small laugh and looked back to Steve, into those beautiful blue eyes. “Would you think less of me if I thanked you?” Tony asked, scooting closer to him, his good hand resting on Steve’s shoulder. He had to touch him. Make sure he was real, that all of this was truly happening and wasn’t just a cruel nightmare from which he would wake up too soon.
When he could, he moved again to Tony’s leg and inspected the damage, knowing he had gotten caught up. He pressed kisses to the redder places and breathed quiet “I’m sorrys” against his leg, finally resting his head on Tony’s thigh, too comfortable and too tired to move again.
“I love you too, sweetheart,” Clint said, tears stinging his eyes, his throat dry. He swallowed and it helped.
“Cap,” Rhodey said the next day back at work, jogging to meet him. Steve slowed, his head down looking at paperwork. He was thumbing through a file and stopped on a particular report before turning to Rhodey.
He just wanted his Clint back. Bakuto could have everything else. He could have James’ money and his organization. He could have James’ home. James just wanted his Clint.
Three days he got lucky having Pepper to work with even though she complained jokingly about the amount of work. Despite what his freedom during the day meant for his nights, Tony considered himself lucky.
James was about to grab Clint’s hand when Benni touched him to ask him about teaching him Russian and James turned to the boy to chat. Clint had never felt paternal ever in his life. Never had the thought of children been one on his mind but now watching James interact with Benni, he felt a strange twisting in his stomach.
“Save that for Steve. Speaking of, you never did tell me what he has planned for tonight and please, if it’s x-rated, don’t tell me.”
He sighed, watching Clint watch the stars, and then pressed a kiss to the side of his head. Clint smiled softly, a sadness to it that James couldn’t ignore.
“Soon,” James answered vaguely, scoffing at a headline near the bottom about the vast improvements Mayor Laufeyson had already begun to implement for the city.
“He’s not, sir,” Pepper said and told Tony she would take care of the kitchen and any customers that came in over lunch. She gave him a cup of coffee and he sat down across the table from Mr Rogers.
“Benni is still at school and Sarah went out. She obviously doesn’t have to say where she’s going and neither do you.” He showed them the rooms and explained the basement connection to the next door building. Most important was the snack cabinet and where to find coffee. Tony explained that he was generally in charge of coffee but he would explain how to make it if Clint wanted that.
They were loud coming up the stairs, teasing each other and laughing at their stupid remarks, their arms slung around each other. Steve’s was around James’ shoulders and James had his around Steve’s waist.
you a favor, James, no one else has the skill set for an extraction like that. I mean, Dugan never so much as heard a struggle. It was quiet, quick, and incredibly well-coordinated. All things Fisk is certainly not.”
Despite having just left the room, out of respect and a healthy amount of fear, he knocked on the door and heard the words telling him to enter. He pushed the door open, holding it wide enough that Sarah could get past him easily. She thanked him and he ducked out, nodding to her and to his boss.
There he was. Looking tired and very stern. But there was Steve. Sarah spoke to him in Gaelic, pointing to the kitchen once but Steve shook his head. He looked right at Tony and Tony looked away for whatever reason.
“That’s grand, love. A Sunday together. Would you look at me? I’ll probably be grinning like a Cheshire Cat in my sleep,” she said and Steve’s tired expression quickly faded and he broke out into a smile. “Lovely, that’s what I was waiting for. A’right, sleep well and don’t stay up all night chinwaggin’.” She blew them both a kiss and left.
“Put whatever covers the bottle into the register and what’s left, take for yourself. Clint told me you had a baby girl not too long ago,” James said, pressing a roll of cash into Phil’s hand that he removed from his jacket pocket. Even though, when he thought about it, it made no sense—because Clint’s finances were covered by James and that included the bar—something in him felt wrong about taking without paying. Maybe it was just because it was Clint’s.
Sarah was paying for the groceries while the others helped pack them when Tony realized they forgot something.
“Even if I’ve got nothing to offer? To give?” Why did he feel so out of breath? Why was his heart beating even faster? Why was he hoping so desperately that Steve would tell him he was wrong?
“Little one, let’s eat with Tony. Go wash up and be sure to wash your hands,” Sarah said in her motherly tone. She was exactly why Tony didn’t ever have to worry about his brother for a single second.
says I need to practice reading out loud.” Tony nodded and closed his eyes again. “No, let’s go have breakfast. I‘m so hungry.” Benni pulled the covers away to get his brother out of bed.
“It’s nice seeing you again. You make this big house feel full even when it’s just me and you. And with the boys, it’s lovely, but without you it still felt empty,” she said softly.
” he said, shaking his head and chuckling. James was impressed with him. He understood more and more why Steve had his obsession with him. “So he asked you to teach him to use a gun, huh?” Steve nodded, sipping his drink.
“Yes, lieutenant,” they both said at the same time and started making their way with their flashlights through the dark, smoke-filled hallway. Downstairs they could hear the squad team calling out for anyone else who might be home.
“Well… yes.” That wasn’t the only thing but it was definitely a large, deciding factor. It’s not like sex was the
Steve tapped his foot along to the song, relaxed, reaching over blindly to grab another of the biscuits his ma had brought in for him. He read for a little while but then his eyes got too tired so he gave up and put on the record, happy to just sit and not be focusing on anything for a while.
“I know,” Clint said, watching Lucky sleep. “I really wish I could explain to him that I’m not leaving him for good and that I’ll be back.”
me but I didn’t… I didn’t expect more. That’s nice to know.” He smiled to himself. He did love that kid.
Clint went out into the bar, hands on his hips, and looked around. It was clean and orderly and ready to go. There was literally nothing else for him to do but open
When he pulled away from Tony, he looked over at Clint who had been watching him with a soft smile. Steve’s hand movement had caught his eye. Clint rarely missed anything happening around him but lately he had been almost annoyingly observant of everything.
“Yeah, sounds about right,” Clint said, his smile dropping slowly and he found himself at a loss for words. He went with his gut instinct—make it a joke but also make it accurate. “Well, that’s… traumatic.” He knew a little about James’ involvement with Tony’s father but only from the perspective of James explaining his situation with Steve.
They were quiet. Just sitting there holding hands, Sarah’s head on his shoulder and she hummed a song. Steve stared at the wall, thinking over what they’d discussed and the last few days.
He kissed Steve’s cheeks and then his lips, his hand resting on the dog tags. They were his. “How did you come up with this?” It wasn’t a serious question but still something that made Tony wonder. “I have nothing for you like this… I’m sorry.”
“Where you off’ta in this cold, boyo?” said the man in his Irish accent and then he pushed him farther away, getting a good look at him. “Aren’t you that laddie workin’ down at Stark’s deli?” Benni nodded his head quickly.
“Alright,” he said, crossing it out. “James, Dugan, and Rogers are working on the numbers in Woodside.”
“It’ll heal. It always does,” he said and managed to smile at her. He didn’t like that Benni heard all those things. If he had to, he would take a beating like that any day if it kept him safe. “Will you stay for a bit?” It was mainly so he could spend time with Benni without having to worry about Howard, chores, or anything else.
James called him beautiful too often for Clint to not at least believe it a little bit but that was before. This was now and—
At some point he must have fallen asleep, curled up and comfortable on the couch. He woke up because he heard Benni calling his name. As soon as he heard him, Tony was up and found his brother in the dark. He was crying so hard that he hiccupped.
It was less than a week before the paperwork arrived in the mail. In that time, Steve had been working with Dugan and Jones, plus their new trainee Jim Morita (Dugan’s new brother-in-law) to whom Steve offered a job as a result of Dugan’s sterling recommendation. Steve wasn’t all that worried about business going smoothly. For one, he knew it would. He knew Dugan was capable of handling anything he threw at him. And for two, the only thing Steve was worried about going smoothly was his holiday with Tony. Everything else be damned.
Sarah brought the food over to Tony herself and placed it on the little table that sat across his lap. She adjusted his bed gently so he could sit up, keeping an eye on his expression as she raised it. She knew those ribs—and everything else for that matter—were probably giving him a hell of a hard time.
“When my father first bought it, he was doing general repairs but a few years in he made the switch and then brought me on to teach me,” Tony answered, not sounding particularly enthused to be talking about his father and Steve wouldn’t press because he knew what a shitty father figure was like and he wouldn’t want Tony asking about Joseph Rogers if he could avoid it.
Twenty left to get to the stairs and he was halfway out of there. His heart was pounding in his chest when he reached the top of the stairs. Soon he would be out of there!
In the end, they compromised and James and Dmitri both refused to let Clint even leave the house until they had ironclad confirmation that at least Natalia would be there with Clint for the day. James had seen her with Loki and spoken to her privately about her own skill set and he felt
sleepy. And their  eyes get heavy.” His voice was barely more than a whisper. “And they still refuse. There’s so much to see. So much to do. But it’s so warm in their bed. So comfortable and warm and safe.”
She pursed her lips and gave a gentle shrug, looking away and then back. “Maybe you’ll like being away from New York, being alone just the two of you. And if you do and that makes you happy, I’ll be happy for you.”
Steve’s fist moved before James’ could, whipping out and landing firmly in the middle of Loki’s face, right where James had hit him a few months ago. Loki’s hands came up to his face and he hissed in pain, blood trickling between his fingers.
He and Dmitri did not often eat out and when they did, it was in restaurants where James’ business was welcomed either because of his deep pockets or the business James brought with him, like Delmonico’s. But this time they had chosen the place based on the fact that Sam was a friend and, of course, his food was good. Better than good. In fact, James couldn’t even remember the last time he had had a burger and fries and it was his first time having a milkshake.
“Hi, love,” Steve answered, his grin impossible to stop and it spread wide across his entire face. He brushed Tony’s hair away from his forehead and pressed a kiss there. “You’re safe. I’ve got you.”
“Are you planning to catch your death?” Sarah scolded Tony, coming to close the window. “Sitting right there, wind in your face. Is your list of injuries not long enough yet?” She scoffed and shook her head, making Tony feel awful for what he had done.
“Imagine a world where we could actually have weddings like normal couples. I bet Steve would go all out and make it as special as possible on every possible level.” He moved the cup between his hands and got up to top it up again. “Which reminds me that my only other friend is getting married soon. Hmmm.”
Tony walked on the left side of the stairs, staying close to the cold wall beside him. His right hand was holding the keys in his pocket in place and his left hand was on the wall, supporting his trembling body on his way down.
“Don’t insult me like that,” he said, turning and finishing his thought in Russian so Howard would not understand, “
It was Sarah who helped him calm his brother down, one hand on his back and one hand on Tony’s shoulder and now Tony had his family back around him.
Tony smiled and let out a shaky breath he didn't realize he was holding. It felt good to hear that from James directly. He nodded and turned back to Steve. "That's your food. Be good and eat it," he said with a small grin as he sat down on his bed.
“I can deal with that,” Tony agreed and intertwined their fingers. “Anything you want me to know? Apart from where we’re safe together?”
“True, true,” Tony agreed, cheering when he found a bag of chips hidden at the back of the pantry. He plucked them out and opened them, holding them out to Steve who took one. “You think they’ll want a place of their own once they’ve tied the knot?”
Steve was still holding him in his arms and seemed to be fast asleep. Tony moved a hand to rest right above Steve’s heart feeling the
I do then?” His Italian accent was thicker when he was upset, like he was then. There was the frustration about Benni who should know better, the frustration that he didn’t have anything productive to do, and the frustration about the confusing things his body was up to lately.
“Just like I wish I could ease yours and I don't just mean with James.” He knew she was talking about Tony obviously but she didn’t say anything else about him, knowing Steve wasn’t ready for or wanting that talk just yet.
Steve looked confused. “But I told you I’d come.” He sipped the hot coffee now put down in front of him. It was as delicious as he remembered it. “We’re taking some of this with us,” he told Dugan and Jones. “It’s much better than that piss water Falsworth makes.” Both men chuckled.
They glanced his way and immediately diverted their gaze. Jones stayed in the car as Dugan and Steve headed inside, going up to James’ main office where he had said he would like to meet.
James’ eyes slid to Tony when he spoke, and he raised an eyebrow. He’d never really interacted with him so this made for a wonderful first impression. He chuckled.
Steve shrugged. “Happened to me. Happened to James. Happened to a lot of my men when we came back from fighting.” And then he corrected himself, “
She hung up and turned to them, both men on the edge of their seats, hoping against hope that it was something useful.
He helped Clint to his room and Clint pushed the door open to reveal James in bed, arms folded behind his head as he stared up at the ceiling. He lifted himself slightly and gave Clint a smile, then a look of confusion as he spotted Steve.
Clint stood and immediately threw himself at James who wrapped Clint up securely in his arms, one hand stroking the back of Clint’s hair. Clint buried his face into the space between James’ neck and shoulder, his breath hot and jagged. James knew Clint wasn’t going to be able to answer him right away, so he turned his attention to Phil.
“I don’t know. He won’t tell me. I’m guessing he wants it to be private and knowing Sam, he’d prefer that.”
The three of them met in different clothes in the kitchen and looked around. There was no Sarah or breakfast. Without saying a word, Tony started preparing scrambled eggs and grilled cheese sandwiches. His eyes slid to the coffee machine in Sarah’s kitchen. Her coffee was alright but he used to his much stronger coffee again. He met Steve’s eyes who looked at him with questions but Tony simply shook his head. Everything was fine. His biggest worry was coffee that wasn’t quite strong enough for him.
Steve nodded. James always had been better at knowing and recognizing the body’s limits. Instead of having his turn to let off some steam, he leaned against the wall in the dark, damp room, James beside him still cleaning off his knuckles with a handkerchief.
It was the perfect meal for a cold day like this. Paired with the red wine Steve had gotten and the bread Tony had baked yesterday, everyone seemed to have a good time and enjoyed their meal.
“Fuck off, Tony, I don’t want you here,” he told him, his voice flat and hard. He reached for the morphine button again, maybe he would just keep clicking it until it ran out. Until he didn’t have to feel bad anymore because all the bad feelings he’d been bottling up since his own father was around up to now were suddenly rushing towards the surface and he was not about to deal with that sober. Or conscious, if he could help it.
“What did you say?” He handed him the phone and Rhodey sighed again, giving Tony one of his signature ‘really?’ looks. “Do you think you should maybe say more? Maybe even your name since he didn’t take your number?”
It was a while before either of them spoke again, neither wanting to end this moment. Clint had almost forgotten how Natalia’s touch, her presence, made him feel; so safe and secure and loved. All the things James did for him as well but in such a different way.
Steve had situated Tony between his legs, his head pillowed on Steve’s chest on the couch while Steve read the paper that he had neglected that morning. Tony was still sleeping peacefully.
Steve nodded, exhaling shakily for the fourth time that evening. “Yes, okay. Yes.” Steve pulled Tony closer by the hand he was holding and kissed him roughly. “Thank you,” he said, leaning their foreheads together.
The door was locked but it only took one solid kick from Clint to get it open and they quickly went inside, feeling around for anyone.
“Oh, that’s lovely. And you don’t want to go? I mean, I understand, love, but she was also your closest friend,” Steve said, happy for the complete change of topic. “Dugan? Oh, yeah. He and Julie have a date set for March sometime.”
“You’re taking care of yourself now?” Tony asked and sat down on his bed. “You don’t need me anymore, eh?” He gently pinched a cheek and kissed it.
He showed him the library-slash-study where he spent most of his time. It was a large room with high ceilings and large windows that lit the room naturally during the day. One entire wall was nothing but books—novels of almost every genre, encyclopedias, atlases, books on history, science, space. They were in English, Gaelic, French and Russian, the last two languages taught to him by James and his parents before they passed. There were also now Italian books in his home but they were all either in Tony or Benni’s room.
Steve chuckled. “Uh-oh, I think you know me too well.” He reached for his coffee and took a sip before he spoke, still looking at the coffee now that he was just the tiniest bit ashamed of his actions. Especially when he stopped to think about how he would feel if James had done it to Tony. “I may or may not have ambushed James’ fella this morning to see what he knows.”
Sarah and Benni served the food and soon everyone was eating peacefully. James and Dmitri each perched on an arm of the couch that Benni and Sarah shared. Dugan and Jones shared their own and for a while, it felt like a nice family meal. Unorthodox circumstances, but nice nonetheless.
“Yeah, here you go,” Steve said, pouring him a glass and handing it to him after helping him sit up a little more. Steve looked toward the door while Tony drank. “Not sure. Haven’t spoken to anyone yet this morning. I’ll ask Dugan to check in.”
He leaned away, moving his head out of James’ grip and shaking it. James took a step back and picked up his shirt from the dresser, acting like it had never happened and he’d never suggested it. Acting like someone who suggested casual sex would. Only problem was, that wasn’t what he was suggesting.
He got out of the bathroom in fresh underwear, getting dressed when there was a soft knock on his door.
“He’s… he’s getting better. Slowly. He’s been through a lot.” Seeing the way Phil reacted to his words almost made James want to down the entire bottle of whiskey on his own.
“That man will never lay a hand on you again, you hear me? Neither of them, or me for that matter, will let that happen.”
“He turned ten this September. He’s a big boy now with two numbers in his age. And next year he won’t even have enough fingers to show his age anymore, which he can’t wait for.” He chuckled as he repeated the things Benni had told him. “One day he wants to be a zookeeper, the next day he wants to be a baker, and the day after that he wants to be an author.”
“Well,” James began, putting on his own coat, “I thought that perhaps I could be your husband for the night but seeing as you’re already married it’s only right you are your husband’s date and hopefully Maria will allow me the honor and privilege of being hers.” He held out his arm to her and waited while they all processed his words.
“Sorry,” he mumbled between heavy breaths. “S-Steve... Are you sure you’re okay?” Tony asked, his mind foggy, barely able to form a whole sentence. Still he was present enough to worry about him, no matter what the circumstances.
“That tactic ever worked? Got yourself a bird?” James said, following up on his previous statement and catching the intense glare from Steve that Tony and Benni missed.
There was a soft light coming in through the curtains and this was the most peaceful Clint had woken up since he’d come home. He wondered if it would be even better with Tony around.
“What happened?” Tony asked softly, on his knees in front of him, resting his hands on Benni’s knees. He wished he wouldn’t have to see his brother like this ever again and yet there they were. “
He knew he was giving Tony that soft smile he normally only aimed his way when the man was asleep or otherwise not looking at Steve but he couldn’t help it. He was
“I don’t know,” Clint said softly, trying to keep his voice steady. He turned to Tony, gave him a sad smile but didn’t say anything else.
“Oh lord. If you think for a second that Virginia Potts is a peaceful person, you know nothing about her.” Tony laughed. “She’s a real Sarah-type of woman. She’s scary sometimes. Too young to be
“Mmm, sounds delicious and that meal plan did wonders for my figure,” he joked, because if he didn’t laugh he might tear up. He stroked his thumb over the back of Tony’s hand, reluctant to let go although he knew he had to. “Yeah, see you soon. Get home safe, both of you.”
Steve left a moment later, one of James’ men opening the door for him and shutting it again, giving him a small greeting as he passed.
“That’s alright. I doubt they would remember. Good job. We’ve had a few breakthroughs ourselves,” James said, motioning for her to come over.
James chuckled again, grinning, and Clint moved in closer and kissed him, slow and deliberate, like he was trying to kiss away the bad thoughts and replace them only with himself and how much he loved James.
Once everything was cleaned up, Steve scooped Tony up and carried him to the library after saying goodbye to Clint and James.
Tony smiled, humming a gentle melody to encourage Steve to fall asleep. Soon enough he felt the body on him getting heavier and heard his breathing even out. With his eyes closed he remained in that exact position, absentmindedly still drawing circles on Steve’s bare back. Sleep wasn’t coming and it was getting frustrating but he didn’t want to risk waking Steve.
Tony listened closely to what Steve was saying and nodded at the end. Yes, he wasn’t alone but then again, he was, wasn’t he? At the end of the day no one could truly know what was going on with him. Especially not when he didn’t let anyone in on his feelings.
James felt a wave of mixed emotions so strong and confusing he wasn’t sure whether he wanted to cry or scream or both. His knees buckled and he supported himself with one hand on the desk in front of him.
Tony blushed ever so slightly, biting his lower lip. “In the summer, his hair had a ginger tint to it,” he said with a shy but dreamy smile. “He cares, he wants nothing but the best for those he loves. He’s a great listener. He has a bad temper and tends to be very dramatic and stubborn when he doesn’t get what he wants. I love that. He’s passionate and not afraid to make mistakes. But he also knows to apologize.” What
“James told me why you were shot,” he stated simply, sitting down next to Steve’s bed. “Steve… why didn’t you tell me?” There was a lot more he wanted to ask but he knew that this was the most important question. Because it meant that James was right.
“She did?” He put a blanket on his lap. “Well, let me get you coffee.” Despite what he said he didn’t move away. It had been too long since he had seen Clint. Eventually he managed to turn away and make coffee for them both, bringing cookies that Sarah and Benni made yesterday.
“Where’s Benni?” He asked, looking at Tony now. Once Steve knew that all of his family—Tony, Sarah, Benni, James, Dugan, and Jones—were alright, he could rest again.
“Why would I be? It’s Steve.” He shrugged, taking a cloth to wipe down the clean counters just so he could have something to do other than look at Pepper.
Steve nodded, processing. He eyed the tea James had and then picked it up, bringing it up to his nose and inhaling. “Thought you said this was tea?”
his help. He had never for a second stopped to even consider that. Steve didn’t have any siblings, his situation had been different. It was just him, his mother and his son-of-a-bitch father. He gladly would have accepted any offer of relief but while Tony got relief from his home life, his other worries only piled up.
“Dammit,” Dugan complained, heading back out to deliver the bad news. He got in the car and sat there for a second before he said, “They’re gone.”
“Is that where you got the money?!” Howard yelled. Tony shooed his brother out while Howard continued his rant. “Are you their
Despite the exhaustion from traveling, cleaning the more important parts of the house, and cooking a meal with Steve, Tony couldn’t stay asleep. Everything was different here and even though he had his one constant right next to him he felt restless. Knowing that Steve was fast asleep and that nothing could wake him at this stage, Tony turned on the light on the nightstand next to him. In New York there was light coming in from the street lamps. Ever since Tony had been back he needed some light when he woke up. Here it was completely dark and that scared him.
Steve’s head was pounding, he never did do well with pain medications, and he squeezed his eyes shut when Tony turned on the light. “What happened? Why are you here? Is everyone okay?” By the time he got to the last sentence, his eyes were open despite the brightness and he was searching for any sign of harm on Tony and then he got to his face and found it. “What’s wrong?”
“You don’t need to be anything but comfortable, alright? And everyone here understands that. Take your time,” Steve whispered, pressing a kiss to Tony’s hair and then slowly pulling him into his lap. “I’ve got you. Always.”
James wiped his own face and sat up with him, a hand sliding onto Clint’s back and rubbing in slow circles.
James and Steve were doing all they could and they weren’t tired out but they were accepting, reluctantly, that their best might not be enough. They might need more and whatever Clint and Tony needed, Clint and Tony would get. Steve and James would burn down New York City in its entirety if that would help.
Steve continued talking after it seemed Tony had processed most of what was said. He didn’t argue and he didn’t look like he was refusing the idea so Steve took it as a win. He sighed and spoke, handing Tony the forks, “As for the other thing—the stress, paranoia, the restlessness, the gnawing in the pit of your stomach. The vivid memories? Well, when that first started happening to us, James and I thought we were going mad. It wasn’t until after the war that I realized it had a name: shellshock. But I’m still waiting for them to change that. To realize more than war can affect a person like this.” He looked over at Tony again.
Their first night was so exciting to Tony that he couldn’t sleep. He varied between laying in bed listening to the waves crash against the metal and looking out into the dark where he couldn’t even tell the difference between the night sky and the sea.
” Tony said with a heavy sigh. “Why? You guys just started talking again.” He bit back another sigh, knowing that it wouldn’t help anyone if he told Steve what he likely already knew—that James wouldn’t like it and that it would probably mean two steps back with his closest friend. That wasn’t what Steve needed.
Tony sat down next to him so that their arms were touching. Then he rested his head on Clint’s shoulder, hoping that the additional warmth would help him.
,” James said, knowing Steve knew what he meant, “one of my men spotted him this morning at the pharmacy buying burn ointment. He approached him but he would not talk.” Steve wanted to roll his eyes because of course Tony wasn’t about to talk to some random Russian at the pharmacy asking about his private life. “He reported it to me just a few minutes ago.” As he added the last sentence, he wiped his knuckles off on a handkerchief in his pocket, blood on them.
“Clint,” Fitz said and Clint wasn’t sure how long he had been saying it but it rang out loudly and Clint winced but didn’t remove his hearing aids. He couldn’t deal with the silence on top of everything else.
Clint chuckled. “I could see that. Steve strikes me as the dramatic type.” Clint held his own cup out for more coffee and Tony refilled it. “You’ve got a friend other than me? I am shocked and, quite frankly, heartbroken. Congrats to them even though they don’t know me.”
The worst part of this all was the fact that someone somewhere might be targeting Tony. That thought was driving Steve crazy, just playing over and over in the back of his head, making Steve’s hand twitch like he wanted to grab his gun. He knew James was feeling the same way. He could hear it in his voice and in his plans that James was just as protective of Clint and would do whatever it took to keep him safe, so Steve could understand James’ reasoning for keeping it to himself. Didn’t mean he liked it, but he understood. He would do the same if it meant keeping Tony safe.
“You okay, sweetheart?” Clint asked him after a moment. James nodded against his hair. “We can just do this today if you want.” James nodded again, his arms tightening around Clint.
“What is this I’m eating?” He asked after taking a bite. Sarah explained it to him and he nodded. He wanted to tell Steve about Pepper. Why? That he didn’t know. He just wanted to talk to him.
Steve turned his head back to look into the diner but he couldn’t see Clint and Natalia from where they were parked. He regretted that that was how he had met Natalia for the first time and he hoped he would get a second chance. She didn’t seem particularly forgiving but looks could be deceiving.
He turned off the lights but didn’t leave the bathroom, which was probably a good idea. Tony washed himself as much as his aching body would let him. It wasn’t much but anything was better than the state he was in before. He brushed his teeth quickly, despite how dizzy and drowsy he was at that point.
“Mr Rogers, sir, I know Dugan just hung up but you wanted to know when Howard was out for the day. That would also be today, sir.”
Rhodey did his best not to laugh and failed, shaking his head. “Well, if you must know, he’s currently
They took the stairs in pairs, Steve and James in front, Dugan and Dmitri behind. Once inside they made quick, silent work of the few men, picking them off one by one.
He looked away, letting the bitterness fade before he responded. “Yeah,” he answered, smiling as he remembered meeting Sarah. “She just came over one day while I was at home. She’s got a key, apparently. Steve and I don’t exactly see eye to eye. Yet.” He would keep adding the ‘yet’ because deep down he did want to be Steve’s friend. But they weren’t there. Yet.
In the morning he woke up to Benni talking to him. When he managed to open his eyes he saw that his brother was reading to him.
“Hi, love. Thank you, Dugan.” Dugan nodded and closed the door behind him, leaving Tony and Steve alone. Steve came around the desk to sit on the couch, patting the cushion beside him.
did that mean? Steve’s heart rate was picking up again and he knew better than to get his hopes up over some ill-phrased sentence. He took a deep breath and cleared his throat, looking up to meet Tony’s eyes.
“My bar?” Clint asked, looking at James for confirmation and he nodded. “Uh, thanks, Steve.” Why did it feel weird to call him Steve? That was his name, right? Not Rogers. Well, that was too but Clint shouldn’t be using last names. It was too formal for what their setting should be.
Steve should’ve thought about that but that was alright. He already had a plan for next time. But something about Tony’s statement caught his attention.
“Oh, yeah, so I live in 234. It’s the exact same apartment down the street. My roommate got tired of me banging relentlessly on the door when I go out for drinks so we have a system. I climb the fire escape and he leaves the window unlocked. It’s also his failsafe that I don’t get too drunk or else my ass is screwed,” he said with a laugh, looking for his phone.
The next morning at breakfast as he was getting ready to go to the office, Steve hesitated, turning to Tony. He knew he was tired of the inactivity and despite wanting him to experience a little R&R, Steve knew what it was like to suddenly find himself doing nothing when previously such a thing didn’t exist for him. Even now it was difficult for him to just sit back and relax.
James said and Dmitri looked up, the smallest trace of a smile on his lips. James had recently started using the affectionate nickname just out of the blue and neither of them had commented on it but Dmitri
Tony’s movements answered the questions Steve had. Maybe he wasn’t interested, maybe he was curious, but whatever happened, he wasn’t protesting and Steve held him loosely enough still that he could move away if he wanted.
Steve stood over him, arms crossed, watching the papers he went between, trying to understand. He’d never seen Tony so focused, seeming to process whatever it was he was doing quite quickly. Tony had never mentioned any special skills, mathematical or otherwise, which meant—judging by what he was seeing on the notepad—that either he was just being his extremely modest self or Howard had discouraged him so much he didn’t even realize he was gifted. It was likely a combination of the two.
Clint and Tony’s friendship grew more as well and they found that the sleepless nights started to become less frequent. They weren’t gone and they both knew and accepted that that never would be the case but they were grateful for improvement no matter how small.
He knew James had picked up on it and a part of him hated himself for being so weak though a teeny, tiny little voice in his head was sometimes able to pipe up and remind him that what he was experiencing was normal and didn’t make him a failure. That voice had been quiet lately.
He was officially tired of trying to sleep so he dragged himself out of bed, found the house slippers Steve had brought them and tied a robe around himself, heading out.
Tony nodded, pressing his lips together. Two, maybe three days he would be safe. And then he would go back out there. A single tear rolled down Tony’s cheek without him really noticing it. “You promise you’ll come after… if we have to leave,” he said with his voice low.
Thursday came and it was passed the usual time Dugan would call. Had they changed their minds? Had Mr Rogers changed his mind? These and other thoughts haunted Tony in the few minutes that Dugan was late.
“We won’t be,” James said, indicating with his chin over to Clint and Tony. “Don’t think I could keep them apart now even if I wanted to. Besides, someone has to come around and put you in your place every now and then.”
Sam, Clint, and Natasha controlled the hose and slowly the fire went out. The firehouse paramedics worked on the young girl taken from the home. She had a few second degree burns but the most concerning thing was her smoke inhalation. They prepped her and drove off to the nearest hospital, sirens blaring.
“I thought I’d keep you on your toes and not make dinner tonight,” Tony scoffed. “There are two chickens in the oven, as well as mashed potatoes the way you like them, and green beans. Now stop snacking before you ruin your appetite.” Tony gently slapped the back of Steve’s hand and winked at him. This whole interaction was somewhat exciting to him. Not only the idea of taking care of Steve but also being able to tell him off, being bossy with him, all those things.
The next day carried on in its usual fashion. Clint and Tony woke up and sat in the darkness of a winter morning, awaiting their first meal. It was delivered with all the normal levels of grace and kindness, the trays thrown onto the floor and the food clinging for dear life to the thin metal instead of rolling onto the floor.
Sarah had brought some old clothes of Steve’s from when he wasn’t as muscular—hard for Tony to believe there was ever such a time in his life—to wear when he was being discharged. He was sitting on the bed waiting to be picked up, holding the small teddy bear in his hand. It was all he had in that room.
‘What’s that about?’ Clint signed as best as he could and James shrugged, his hand on Clint’s back as he guided him to the living room.
“Tony,” Clint said, his throat hoarse and he could tell that his voice had cracked on the word. Clint squinted, looking for the subtle rise and fall of Tony’s body to indicate that he was breathing. It was still too dark in the room, so he gently pressed a finger to a seemingly uninjured area on his neck and almost passed out from relief when he felt a pulse.
Now on this fine Saturday morning, they had gone for breakfast together, then for a walk along the water, and unfortunately came back home at the wrong time.
Clint inhaled sharply and forced himself up, hobbling over because a searing pain had shot up his left shin the moment he had tried putting any weight on it. He pushed his injuries aside for the moment, still swallowing blood and at this point he wasn’t sure where it was even coming from.
Tony got up and got rid of his jacket and tie to get more comfortable next to Steve. He laid down next to him and carefully wrapped an arm around Steve’s middle where he didn’t feel thick bandages. He kissed his cheek, down his neck and back up to his lips, peppering his skin with soft kisses. He kept his kisses and touches, soft and innocent to comfort Steve. Considering his wound it wouldn’t be a good idea to get him too excited and he didn’t want to add to his pain.
“I thought it was one of Bakuto’s men,” he said quietly. James didn’t speak, he only listened, carding his fingers through Clint’s hair. “I-I thought I was gonna get taken again and I kept thinking about how I couldn’t even fucking run away because of this piece of shit on my foot.” He hid his face away again, another sob stabbing at his chest.
“Why shouldn’t I be smiling? Look at where I am and who I’m with. I mean you right now but I also mean Steve. Have you seen how big Benni has gotten? And he’s just starting to grow.” He shook his head and got up to top up his coffee. This had been the longest that they had gone without an incident, without danger, or either one of them needing to heal. Clint still had some ways to go but nowadays he was able to reduce the pain medication to a minimum and not look miserable whenever something accidentally brushed against his cast.
As if they had expected Tony to head out, a car was ready and inside it was nice and warm. The drive to the deli didn’t take long though the snow did slow them down. Tony was dreading going back there. What was he thinking?
“I know you’ve done your fair share of stutterin’ since coming in here but I haven’t. You heard me,” Cap said, circling his chair, standing behind him now, his hand tight on the boy’s shoulder. “I don’t take lightly to stealin’. I don’t take lightly to much anything but especially not stealin’. Now providin’ for your family I can maybe turn a blind eye to
“I feel useless around here. I’ve got nothing to do,” he admitted and wondered again why it was so easy to trust Sarah, even though he didn’t know her. “Benni has you now and Steve, and James, too. He has more than enough to learn and to do. He doesn’t need me anymore. There’s no store to run, no food to prepare, no coffee to make. Nothing.”
Ten minutes later they were led to Steve’s room. He looked awful but he was alive and breathing and that’s all that mattered.
“I’d slip her a note,” he stated simply with a shrug. “Wait for her in the morning when she’s headed out and accidentally walk into her, slip the note in her pocket and make a run for it.”
He turned his head when Jones stirred, his eyes opening slowly. He looked around the room and slowly tried to sit up a little.
Now with the documents received, travel plans booked, and business attended to, they could start packing. It was nearing the end of spring but Steve assured Tony that that didn’t mean there wouldn’t be a few chilly days and nights. Summers there and summers in New York were not compatible in the slightest.
“Before we arrive,” James said, still a few blocks from their location, “I want you to remember that not everyone gets to see this side of me.” He gestured to the hand that was holding Clint’s and he lifted it and pressed a kiss to his knuckles. “So if I’m colder than usual—”
Steve would have a hard time restraining himself and for that reason, he would meet with Tony first. See the damage for himself before deciding on a course of action.
Tony couldn’t wait to leave the hospital, wear proper clothes and not a hospital gown anymore. There was also his curiosity to see Steve’s home, see how his mother and he lived. A proper home, probably. Sarah was a warm person, even warmer than Steve. It made Tony miss his own mother even more.
“Rude,” Tony scoffed and sipped his coffee. “But I guess you know pretty much everything there is to know about me anyways.” People talked and it was his job to know things so Tony shouldn’t be surprised.
While James cooked, Clint played with Lucky, talking to the dog and occasionally looking over at the man by the stove.
Falsworth flashed a knife, the tip coated in blood. Before Steve could react, he stabbed him again, the other side, and Steve coughed, touching his lip. He tasted blood. He staggered back.
that he works with guys who look like you.” He gestured with one hand to each of them in turn and then glanced back at the hallway, jerking a thumb that way. “Any more stupidly good-looking, half-naked men going to come from there?”
In the room next door, James let Natalia have some time with Clint, watching with a fond smile as she climbed into the bed with him and curled up. James went to check in with Dmitri who was taking turns with Dugan to check on their prisoner and make sure he didn’t bleed out before they could get to him.
“You want to be with him, right? Want to be here? You know you don’t have to?” She kept her voice low but to Tony it felt like she could have been yelling. Her question repeated in his head over and over again.
“Oh bloody hell, the police are coming,” Steve said and made the other two laugh. He turned slowly to lean against the door frame and give them a grin. “Don’t yell, this is a hospital.” Steve was maybe a little high on the drugs. Just a little.
Tony hummed happily when he was praised. There wasn’t much he liked more than what Steve could do to him. It left his mind blank, making it impossible to think about his anxieties or bad memories. “That was
Clint watched Tony, saw the way his chest rose and fell, and looked away, realizing that this was a private moment. He put away the rest of his roll for later and laid down, closing his eyes again.
“Okay,” he said quietly, pressing a kiss to his lips. They were so soft and warm. “Glad to hear.” He didn’t want to dwell on why Tony had stopped celebrating, he knew why or at least had a good enough idea of why. And he didn’t want to talk anymore about the situation. Or James. Or Clint. Something about him still didn’t sit right with Steve.
“Two to the left, one to the right,” Steve said later that night, pulling his head back around to be hidden from view.
Tony raised an eyebrow, smirking slightly. Now things were really getting interesting. “I’ve known him a minute longer than you. I don’t know. I’ve never seen Steve with someone like me and he proved me wrong. Ask me something easier.”
Steve and James locked gazes for a long moment. It felt like an eternity to the other three who weren’t a part of their telepathic communication and then finally Steve stood.
,” Tony said and got up, putting his dishes in the sink and filling it with water. She smiled at him and fixed Tony’s hair and kissed him on his temple. Steve came back and nodded.
“I'm sure he does,” Clint said. It didn’t mean he agreed with his approach. “Maybe you can put in a good word for me when we get out of here and finally have that dinner. Hey, are you over twenty-one?”
“Since you were been born in July, I assume you prefer the warmth?” Tony shifted and made himself more comfortable on the couch next to Steve, turning his body so he could look at him easier. When Steve looked at him in confusion, Tony continued: “In Italian we say the—
Steve was looking over the files Tony had gone through. The three rejections, two approvals and the one he would ‘want to talk to.’ He was intrigued because he agreed with all of the rejections. The ‘want to talk to’ Steve had dismissed entirely, but for reasons that it was understandable why Tony would keep him. Steve knew the family, knew there was a bitterness there since one of their other boys died working for him and Steve didn’t expect Tony to know that. He passed that file onto the rejection pile and looked at the remaining ones.
Steve chuckled. “I most certainly do not want to see your father.” He asked for more coffee and when his cup was refilled, he sipped it slowly, enjoying it. It would not be as good when they took it back and reheated it, that was for sure. He checked his pocket watch. He knew he had an appointment soon. Less of an appointment and more of an execution but semantics.
Before anyone could answer, Steve pulled his hand from Tony’s so he could hold his face, kissing him just as eagerly and then pulling back. “Only reason is ‘cause I thought ya didn’t like public displays of affection,” he whispered back and then said, louder, “It went.”
James chuckled and then smiled his signature terrifying smile. “We could have just killed the detail but it’s fun to catch him when he’s asleep. Trust me.”
and sure, I asked him out but he winked at me! What did you expect me to do! He’s six feet of blue eyes, muscles, and shy smiles. And now I know—no thanks to you—that he likes guys. Is he gay?”
He sipped it. It was delicious. He had never had champagne before and judging by the way James was watching him, he had figured this out.
“You got him to sleep,” James said, in a mix of awe and appreciation. “Thank you.” Clint only thought he had been sneaky about his nights spent wide awake but James had been awake most of that time as well, waiting in case Clint felt like talking.
“You and I both know you’re not the giving up type,” Clint said and he didn’t know that but from what he knew about Steve, he just didn’t see the man with anyone any less stubborn than he was. “We’re riverside in Queens. Nothing but industry here and industry means trucks. Trucks need gas. There will be a gas station close enough for you to reach, Tony.”
“Lunch and then cookies sound good,” Clint said with a careful smile. He was becoming less sure that he wanted to sacrifice his privacy but it
“Can we go to the movies? I’ve never been before.” Benni looked around and everyone agreed. Steve wiped his mouth on a napkin and got up.
possible caring for.” He kept his hand on his knee since Tony didn’t oppose it being there and Mary handed him what he needed. He looked up at Tony with a raised eyebrow, a silent question of ‘may I?’
It was a few moments later that he heard footsteps and knew they didn’t belong to his mother. Benni pushed the door open and came in.
Hearing Tony’s voice rise so suddenly, Steve sat up and pulled him into his arms. It took a try first but he got him over and held him, pressing kisses into his hair. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. Okay. You’ll be here with me.” He pressed another kiss to his hair. He knew it was a long shot but he wanted to at least try. Like before, having Tony somewhere Steve knew was safe would give him peace of mind but if it only made Tony’s anxiety greater, it was out of the question.
“A fella I was with. Months ago. Brock Rumlow. He’d been a little hard to shake. Started sending letters a while back. Mostly trying to win me over and then they were threatening. To expose me. Tell everyone. I… we don’t have to worry about him anymore but I think he may have spread the word to a few lower levels,” he explained.
Steve had plopped down in the chair beside Tony, a hand landing firmly on his thigh and he tugged him over for a hug and a kiss.
Natalia would meet Clint at the bar soon so in the meantime he cleaned and restocked things like he always did, took inventory, nothing special. He checked his watch after what felt like an hour of boring tasks—it had actually been twenty minutes—and then glanced at the door but still no Natalia. She had said she would be there around eleven, so she still had time and he knew that getting to the bar from her new place in the Village wasn’t as easy as the commute from their old apartment in Midtown.
Tony believed him and jumped up to ask him for food. Suddenly another man appeared out of nowhere and hit Tony, telling him to shut up and not to move another muscle.
James was rolling up his sleeves, turning on the water to make sure it was hot enough for the dishes. He pulled a chair over for Clint to sit in and dry while James washed.
“If you don’t want me to do your books anymore, that’s fine, you know.” It was a statement and not a question. Was he doubting Tony? Why would this kind of money even be worth Steve’s time when he had a lot more in different accounts all safely tucked away?
Steve swallowed. The position was nice, just what he wanted, but he knew his next words would be difficult no matter what. He decided to start with what bothered him the least but also what might ruin the rest of the night. There was really no winning with the particular things bothering Steve at the moment.
He put his cup down and moved closer into Howard’s space, standing a good half a foot taller than him. He looked him up and down for an uncomfortably long time. “Why? Is there something I should know?”
“Consider the time made,” Steve said, getting even more comfortable on the couch, propping his head up on his hand, his elbow resting on the back of the couch. “What else do you want to do that you haven’t been able to?” He had to add that last part for his own sake, his other hand staying firmly on the pillow in his lap.
“Why don’t you guys go to the living room too? It will be more comfortable for your leg anyways. I’ll bring you your pie and sides. Would you prefer tea or alcohol?” Tony said.
“Yeah, kinda. You kinda grew on me,” Tony said and snorted. “You do have James and Natalia though.” He’d only met her briefly but Benni had told him a lot about her.
Steve sipped his wine. They had long cleared their plates and were on their second glasses of wine now. Steve was only on his third story—Tony had
“I don’t want you to think this in any way reflects on you, Dugan, there’s just been so much short-changing as of late that I think a reminder of who exactly they’re robbin’ might do these wiseguys some good.” Dugan nodded; he couldn’t argue with that. They had been gypped a lot lately and that either meant that lackies were stealing or protectees weren’t paying up.
When Tony got back to the room James put an empty glass on a tray that had not been there before. Seemed that it hadn’t been his worst idea to get something for Sarah.
“I just want you as safe as possible. If there’s anything I can do to ensure that, tell me,” Tony said.
Dugan and Jones were in a room across from Steve’s, all three on the VIP floor receiving the best care money could buy. They only had minor wounds—a concussion for Dugan and a broken arm from hitting it on the steering wheel; Jones also had a concussion and three cracked ribs from the seat belt.
“Not to worry. I’ll be back here with my family soon. I just need to… process. Distance myself some.” Steve nodded. He knew it was selfish of him to ask James to stick around or return soon. He needed time to get over Steve just like Steve had taken time to get over James. It was part of why he had enlisted. Get as far away from him as he could so it was only fair he allow James his time.
Steve tried his best not to smile and failed. He laughed. James knew him too well. “Dark-haired, tough, eyes to die for,” he said, remembering the way Tony had watched him the first time he’d visited the deli. This was one of the only places James and he discussed such things. Their men were loyal but not all were as loyal as the two with them now. Some would definitely choose to report them over support them.
“A shower, ideally. My office upstairs has one we can use and then I’d really like to get that drink,” James suggested, Steve nodding and following him towards a private elevator to the top floor.
Steve watched his face and it hurt his heart to see how painful something as simple as taking off a shirt was. Worse still that he needed help to do it and if that didn’t make him just want to spit in Howard’s face among other things.
James and Natalia both helped him into a wheelchair and then into the en suite bathroom, handing him a toothbrush while they helped him strip down without putting any weight on the injured leg. They each grabbed a sponge and were Clint less tired he would’ve protested being treated like he couldn’t clean himself but now he relished in the moment, not having to do anything more than brush his teeth and then wash his face.
“Well, I’ll leave you to it,” she said, having afternoon plans of her own. She grabbed her coat and blew them both kisses, heading out.
Tony had a content smile on his face, it was small and slight but it was there alright, and Clint’s eyes were closed as he spoke, the corners of his mouth tugged upwards. Sarah’s gaze fell to their hands, intertwined and resting on Clint’s thigh, Clint’s thumb still absently moving across Tony’s hand.
Afterwards, Benni and Sarah went to the living room. Sarah really didn’t have to worry about anything but her son for once, so Tony helped James with the dishes silently.
Steve didn’t do ‘less serious.’ His smile dropped a little, his eyes focused, and he said, his thumb and index finger holding Tony’s face securely. “I do. I do want to be your last. And I want you to be mine and if I could, I would’ve proposed and married you months ago. I’ll get you a ring, love. Even if we can’t be wed, just to see it there on your finger. To know what it means, even if only to us.” He kissed him, still holding his face. “Would you like that?”
Tony pressed his lips together and forced himself to take deep breaths through his nose. “Could you… tell me a story or something? Anything, really.”
He grabbed Steve by his waistcoat and moved him over away from the shelves and up against the flat wall, his hands still firmly gripping him. Steve was so confused, mistaking this for aggression, the worry in his face.
Steve and James also had very different ways of—well, there was no sugarcoating it—torturing. Steve preferred the kicks and punches route with a dash of non-fatal gunshot wounds to spice things up.
On the cot there wasn’t a pillow or a blanket, the floors were tiled and so were the walls and it was cold in the room too. The only thing that seemed to belong was the toilet and the small sink next to it.
“The Secret Garden,” he told him. “It was on my bookshelf.” He held the book in his hand and studied it intently. All day he had wanted to talk to Steve. Now he got the chance and he didn’t know what to say.
Of course it was too good to be true and he knew it. Even on Howard’s good days Tony ended up with fresh wounds and bruises.
“Spend a day with my best girl,” he told Tony, smiling over at his mother who grinned at him. “You?”
“You’re right. I apologize,” he told him instead. He tapped the bar twice with two fingers and seconds later a new drink came his way, a double of Powers, neat.
Steve slowed his breathing, trying to calm himself, trying to listen to Tony. Tony who he loved more than life itself and would do anything to protect. He dragged a hand across his face over his wet eyes and cleared his throat, saying quietly but firmly, “I’ll kill him with my bare hands before I let anything happen to you.” He pressed kisses to Tony’s hands and up his forearms. “I won’t let anything happen to me. You’re not losing me. Not on account of some ignorant fucks.” He channeled the hurt into anger, something he had mastered over the years.
“I didn’t get to thank Mr Rogers. Could you please tell him I’m grateful for everything?” he asked Dugan while they were still standing outside, partly because he was afraid to enter and partly because he didn’t want Howard to hear. “Thanks for driving me here.” He nodded and then went inside the store. Saturdays were short days and even though it was after closing hours the front door was unlocked and nothing had been cleaned or put away. Without going upstairs, Tony went right to work.
“You. Before Tony came into your life in the manner he is now, I knew there were still feelings in ya for James. That you still held out hope.”
“Steve was just trying to get that bird’s attention, Mr Reynolds’ daughter. Who knew throwing a brick at glass would break it?”
The men at the doors nodded to her respectfully, opened the doors and offered to take her coat, which she accepted and they hung it up on a hanger in a big closet near the entrance.
While Steve slept, Tony walked around the room to keep himself from falling asleep. He looked outside, sat on the one couch and then on the other. He got more terrible coffee and walked around some more. There was nothing he could do.
He was pulling off his tie, his white shirt splattered with blood but by the way he was smiling it didn’t seem to be his own.
“Steve?” he asked, not able to hear himself over the loud punches on the sandbag Steve was landing over and over again. Usually he always noticed Tony or at least heard him but right now that was barely even his Steve. His eyes were focused on the bag, he looked angry and determined to hurt someone and that was scary. “Steve!” Tony repeated, this time louder.
“These young men need to be fitted for clothing. Underwear, undershirts, both winter and summer, one suit each, and casual clothing. Something for the little man to grow into. Nothing too tight for either of them. I plan on feeding them properly.” The man nodded and went to get another person to help him take measurements.
Steve snorted. “You never were one for small talk.” He reached into his desk and pulled out both. “Okay.”
He’d kept watching though. It was nice seeing Steve with Tony, seeing the way he cared for him. It was also nice to see the way Tony relaxed into Steve’s touch. Clint gave Steve a tiny smile and Steve returned it, Steve’s focus going to his mother when she told him to take his plate.
He looked up at Tony and smiled, just a small thing. Something private and just for him. “How are you doing?” It was almost three in the afternoon and Steve was hating that he hadn’t seen Tony all day.
He rubbed his hands up and down his face. He had more than a little stubble. It was a beard now and his hair could use a trim. He was also in desperate need of a shower, a toothbrush, and a change of clothes but for now he was just happy to still be alive.
“You’ll watch that language with me, Steven.” He apologized. “With the lad? How bad?” He shrugged and she stopped him in the middle of the staircase, taking him by his arms. “I know there’s a lot you’re keeping from me and I don’t know why,” she admitted, searching his face.
,” Sarah said comfortingly. “You did everything you could and then some to keep him safe and he is now. The times when he wasn’t weren’t because you did anything wrong.”
public knowledge; there was just no one stupid enough to risk trying anything. And while Steve was not thought to be an easy or merciful target, he had his mother to worry about. Her alone, no one would dare go after her to get to him—too risky to fail and incur Steve
All clean and warm in bed, it wasn’t long before they both drifted off. James was wrapped up in Clint’s arms, his back to Clint’s chest and he felt safe. He’d never been able to truly appreciate being in someone else’s arms until now. The level of security he felt was almost overwhelming but in the best way.
Tony nodded along. Good answers. “Rhodey wouldn’t tell me. You’re gay?” he asked and again Steve was surprised at the tactless questions. Maybe this wasn’t as good of an idea as he thought.
She put it down and walked back over to him, taking his hand. “There’s nothing weak about admitting you need help.”
Unfortunately, though, no matter how successful yesterday was, today was a different story and it brought with it its own ruling for how everyone would feel.
“You were supposed to bite the grape out of my mouth, love,” Steve explained, that same goofy grin on his face. He’d been drifting between the first two Steves the last couple of minutes. He hadn’t fully gotten to dirty Steve, at least not to the extent that James remembered it. “Here, try this one,” he said, a piece of orange half in his mouth. He turned to Tony expectantly.
Steve leaned all the way back, letting his head fall as he stared at the intricate ceiling. All his efforts were only making things worse as far as he could tell. Perhaps it was time to stop.
“No,” Tony said and shook his head. At least that was clear to both of them. It almost made Tony smile.
to know everything about the holiday, I’ll tell you,” he said tiredly. He wanted it to be a surprise, he wanted to get to experience firsthand Tony’s excitement in the moment, and he wished he didn’t have such an adverse reaction to change and surprises but if it was only going to stress him out, then it wouldn’t be fun for either of them.
Steve stood and Tony sat up, staring at him blankly, not sure what he was supposed to do. Obviously he didn’t mean to do it. Probably expected someone else, Tony thought. He wasn't a morning person so it took him extra time to process everything.
Steve chuckled as Rhodey continued to tear Tony a new one on the other end of the line. That was the Rhodey he knew.
Tony flinched when he heard the knock simply because he didn't expect it. “Clint!” he exclaimed happily and got up to hug the other man. “You look so different! It’s so good to see you.” He let go, afraid that he had hurt his friend unintentionally. And suddenly he felt bad that he hadn’t visited him. “Come sit with me. You want coffee?”
“How do you learn to manage it?” Tony asked, needing a lot more information. Or rather yet, a solution. Something he could do immediately. Get it over and done with. Tony turned to Steve to look at him and shook his head. “
“Just… is Jim…?” Dugan nodded. “Alright,” he said quietly and gave Tony a nod before turning over to face away from them, tears silently falling. Dugan watched him a moment longer before returning his attention to Tony.
James watched Tony’s face and when it didn’t seem like he would say anything he sighed heavily and left, balling up the dish towel and throwing it on the counter. He went to his room and shut the door.
“James,” he said and James turned, his hand twitching anxiously. Why were they not going? Why had they stopped?
it,” Steve explained, his tone gentle and Clint relaxed a little. “But I’m grateful all the same for it. That’s not to say that I’m
Sarah laughed. “Have you met me, James? Of course I knew.” James shook his head lightly and stopped at the door, looking at the ground. She grabbed his hand and he met her eyes, a sad smile on his face.
It was two weeks later and Tony was working on the receipts Dugan had brought over. Steve was bored out of his mind and this was the only way to keep him somewhat happy. It didn’t always work—like right now—but it usually did the trick.
“No.” James watched him closely, noting the subtle changes in his body language and knowing Clint needed to go home. He needed to be somewhere where he could release all of the tension James could see he was holding. He just hoped Clint
“We have all the time in the world to talk about what to do next with Bakuto. He’s not going anywhere anytime soon,” James said, standing and going over to Sarah to grab her hand and give it a squeeze. “Thank you for the idea,
On one afternoon in particular he was making pastries with Sarah while listening to the radio. “Can I ask you a question,
He knew Steve couldn’t promise that. He knew what he was signing up for when they became official, but right now he just needed to hear the words, however arbitrary they were.
When Benni was changed and tucked in, Tony sat on his bed to run his fingers through Benni’s soft hair. His little face was still red and puffy from crying as much as he did. Not wanting to be rude, Tony kissed Benni a last time and headed back downstairs to wish the others a good night. For a moment he stood there and looked at Steve and smiled. Just looking at him made Tony feel better, at least a little.
respond when I call you!” Howard turned his son around forcefully, making him drop a few olives. “What did I tell you about wasting food?” he yelled and Tony was quick to pick up the olives and run them under water to clean them off properly.
“I, uh. Pleasure to meet you. Come in,” Phil said, stepping aside to let them enter. Jones and Vitaly exited the car and entered through the front the normal way so they could keep an eye on anyone who seemed suspicious entering.
There was a huge globe in one corner with Belfast, Leningrad, and New York marked on it. Couches sat in the middle and armchairs in every corner with their own personal overhead reading lamp.
Steve studied his face in the faint morning light. There was not a lot more for him to notice than he already had. He’d taken plenty of opportunities to carefully examine his features. His dark lashes that perfectly framed his eyes, his soft pouty lips, his dark slightly curly hair and that smile. That smile that made Steve’s heart skip a beat.
He turned to look at Tony, frowning at how little space he now had on the couch because of Steve’s presence. “Here, stretch out,” he told him, putting a cushion on his lap for Tony’s feet. “Really, I don’t mind. I’d tell ya if I did.”
“You have always been terrible at poker,” James sassed only to receive a stern look and an impatient sigh from Steve that he easily ignored. “Well, fix your face or you’ll have them both worried. If Tony noticed, you can bet your ass Clint did too. That’s his thing.”
James wasn’t scared. Only one thing scared him and that was losing his loved ones, not his own life. And honestly, that wasn’t the reason for his hesitation now. It was a different concern, one he would not normally have.
“Thanks.” He smiled and kissed Steve’s hand. It was probably very late but he didn’t feel sleepy. And now he had a lot to think about too.
They packed up the new car, made sure the petrol tank was full, and said their goodbyes. Steve slid into the driver’s seat and Tony in the passenger seat. Steve could hardly even remember the last time he had driven. Thankfully, he felt confident behind the wheel but it was still a strange sensation.
“Thanks, lad. I appreciate hearin’ that. Especially comin’ from you.” He glanced up at him and gave him a soft smile.
Every little noise made Tony wake up during the night, making it impossible for him to find rest. At least Benni seemed to manage to sleep through the night.
And then something Tony didn’t expect happened. Benni tensed, went absolutely silent, didn’t even want to talk about Steve or Sarah. With tears in his eyes he said: “It’s time to go home now,” and Tony pulled him aside to talk to him.
Steve’s face softened completely at Tony’s flinch and, being alone, he allowed himself freedoms in his speech and manner that he normally would not. Not even in front of Dugan. “I know it’s a learned thing,” he began, touching Tony’s head to move it this way and that and check for more markings, “but I hope you’ll come to stop reacting like that. I promise I’ll never lay a false hand on ya.”
Clint shrugged. “I dunno. Hadn’t thought to interrogate him about that. Besides, he now refuses to tell me anything else. I don’t even know which house. Or if there’s more I don’t know about.” He threw his arms up in exasperation, plopping back down onto the counter and propping his head up on his hands.
Even so, what Steve wouldn’t give right now to just be able to hear Tony’s voice. Hear him tell Steve some corny joke that by all means should not be funny or even worth the time it takes to say it but that always made Steve grin. He would give anything to be able to hear Tony confidently use an expression that was definitely not English and then watch the way his nose scrunched in frustration when Steve pointed that out.
“How do you feel?” Steve asked, lying beside Tony, one leg propped up and his body turned towards Tony. They were both still unclothed, Tony’s chest still heaving. Steve had pulled the blanket across his own lower half, still somewhat aroused but Tony didn’t need to know that or he’d worry about it. He’d take care of it later.
After dessert, Steve arranged for Pepper to be driven back to her home. One determined glance from him was enough for her to not even try to talk him out of it.
“Oh, um,” Steve began and Tony just waited patiently to see what he would say. Steve was a terrible liar. He’d never told Tony a lie for any malicious reason but watching him try to keep something a surprise was needlessly entertaining. “Keep it a secret?”
And then he saw James who was also paler and even he looked worried. Sarah rushed to him and they hugged and talked. Tony
He backed them into the wall in the hallway and his hands dropped from Tony’s face to his body. Steve’s hands held Tony’s waist and he was desperate for more of him but he knew he was already pushing it.
There was a knock at the door and Steve looked up to see his mother bringing him a bag of food. She shook it eagerly and he grinned.
“Don’t be daft,” Steve said and James’ lips quirked up into a smile. “It’s been nice having you so close.” He dropped a hand onto James’ shoulder and gave it a squeeze.
Now heading through the hallway again, he started loosening his tie, unbuttoning his waistcoat. By the time he reached the ground floor he could hear the soft jazz wafting his way and he followed it into the library where he found his mother and Tony, each with their own books.
“Cap, I didn’t want to wake you but saw the light was on, I—” Dugan skidded to a halt, the door closing behind him. He was holding several folders in his hands but his eyes were fixed on the scene in front of him. Tony in Steve’s arms.
Steve was worried too. Of course he and James knew that going through something like this was going to have serious consequences. They knew that no matter how strong Clint and Tony were, no matter how much they had already been through, that nothing could prepare or protect them from feeling the full effects of those few weeks spent in captivity, tortured, starved, and terrified. It angered Steve and James but more than anything, it worried them. Tony had his good days and sometimes he only had his good hours and Steve’s heart ached during the bad hours.
And then he pulled away, millimeters from his lips because it didn’t matter. It wasn’t right and he wouldn’t do that to him. He loved Tony and even if he couldn’t show him the way he wanted, he would love him in every other sense of the word.
“And once you’re back from your vacation, we’ll work on that too, hm?” She smiled as she held onto him.
“I feel like I’m repeating myself,” Steve said, raising an eyebrow. “I’m not asking anything from you. I like you, Tony.”
“Is it okay if I stay with you tonight?” Tony asked, closing his eyes while listening to Steve’s breathing.
Now he was still coming down from the anxiety spike, feeling tired and achy. His eyes burned every time he blinked but at the moment, sleep was not a welcome alternative to being awake. His appetite came and went but at least he seemed to be gaining his weight back.
“I do,” Steve said. He remembered thinking the same thing when he got back from fighting. He knew exactly what Tony meant. He pressed a kiss to Tony’s forehead and patted his chest softly. “Get some sleep, love. I’ll be right here.”
“What? You think I scared him off?” Rhodey scoffed. “He might have a new understanding of how much you mean to me but I don’t think there’s very much that actually scares Steve Rogers.” The things Rhodey had seen that man do on the job… He shook his head.
There was only one closed office door. James knocked on it and heard nothing. He turned to Steve who nodded and reached for the handle but it was locked. James stepped back and with one powerful kick Steve broke down the door, both of them peering in, the rush of emotion almost too much and Steve swayed a little on his feet.
“Assuming they weren’t trying to draw attention from the police,” James said, taking the red marker from Steve and plotting points on the map branching out from the warehouse in Hunters Point, “and were obeying the speed limit, an hour and a half would get them somewhere around here…” He trailed off, plotting more points and connecting them all with a circle.
The door unlocked and he made it outside where he was greeted by harsh and cold wind that stung his eyes almost immediately. How was he supposed to make it in this weather? He needed to try. He promised Clint! There was a chance that he would be back with Steve soon. What was the cold when he had Steve to look forward to?
And he knew it was a combination of things—Tony being gone, being alone when James was out, the incident with Fitz—but he felt like he couldn’t get past it this time. It was pulling him under and though he was fighting, this episode felt like quicksand—the harder he struggled, the quicker it swallowed him up.
“I mean, if you want, wiseass.” Steve poured himself a new drink, sighing. “He’s a big boy, I’m sure he can handle it. And would appreciate it.”
“I love Gaelic,” Tony said with a smile and shifted a little, wincing when the small movement reminded him of how sore he was.
Sarah sat silently, listening, watching the exchanges and how they worked together. It reminded her of a very young James and Steve and made her smile. When she looked up next, Tony’s eyes were half-closed and he was starting to drift. She knew Benni wasn’t ready to leave his brother and she had nowhere to go. It wasn’t even late yet so she’d let him fall asleep and carry him out later.
like too long. What was the proper amount of time to wait after agreeing to another date to arrange it? Was there even such a thing?
James’ smile widened. He constantly told Clint that he didn’t care if the others liked him or not because
In their own room down the hall, having excused themselves as well, Steve was lying beside Tony now, still panting a little as he watched Tony come down. Tony’s chest and other body parts were sticky from the whipped cream and Steve only hoped he hadn’t hurt him giving Tony what he wanted.
“No, but it shouldn’t be that way. You make James happy. If you weren’t here, there’s a very good chance he wouldn’t be either.” He paused. “I have a lot to be thankful for when it comes to you, you know. I just have an awful way of showing it.”
Tonight it would be steak, potatoes, and broccoli. James turned his back to Clint, preparing the steak and turning on the oven.
“You back, Cap?” Dugan asked as he walked into Steve’s office. Steve was sitting there with his coffee, looking over some paperwork. He glanced up at Dugan who was carrying two onion bagels with cream cheese and salmon.
“What’s the next move?” Dmitri asked and James turned to him, not used to hearing him actually comment during discussions like this. Natalia didn’t really have a place in the hierarchy of it all and while James didn’t see Dmitri as lesser or an underling, Dmitri had always been more of the sit and listen type.
“I’m fine.” There was no way he would ever leave Steve’s side if he didn’t absolutely have to. She looked to Steve and then back to Tony, her gaze softening. She kissed the top of his head and thanked him. Together with Benni she headed home—to which one exactly he didn’t know. They’d probably go back to Steve’s house soon.
Even though he didn’t receive an answer, he was content. Thanks to Sarah he didn’t have to worry too much about his brother but there were still the occasional moments when they clashed because they were brothers after all.
“Calm down. He doesn’t need us to be agitated right now.” Why did James sound so much like Sarah? Steve sighed. “Did you expect it to be so sudden?” His voice was quieter now, sprinkled with worry.
Tony tilted his head to one side as Clint spoke. “Steve gave me his tags too. I left them in the last location for him to find.” He squeezed Clint’s hand in his. “I’m still grateful for the time I got with him. Even if it was only a few months. That’s more than I had before.”
Clint’s mood had been all over the place lately and James didn’t always know the best way to help. He also couldn’t always figure out the exact cause. Of course he could make educated and well-informed guesses and there was a very good chance that he was right but he could never know for certain and he knew that if he did approach Clint with what he
“Ah, yeah. The filthy heathen,” Clint sighed, wiggling his leg. “Doc said I’ve got another few weeks now, though. So I’d be good then.”
be hungry—he hadn’t eaten since that morning—but at the same time the thought of food made him nauseous. His stomach was in a tight, anxious knot and a good dose of self-loathing was tied in there too for being so
A few days later, they came again. This time it wasn’t just words they were throwing, not just insults. It was punches and kicks, trying to get a reaction out of him. Though, no matter what he was feeling, Clint wasn’t a quitter and he hadn’t always made the smartest decisions in life so why start now?
“I’ve heard about you too. Not enough to recognize you apparently.” He let out a soft laugh that hurt his ribs, giving Tony a thumbs up. “Dandy. You?”
He knew he didn’t really have to worry about going to a high-end establishment such as this because his meal was already paid for and if he tried to pay then
Steve thought for a second about the last night he’d slept more than three hours and simply shook his head. He was exhausted in mind and body but he couldn’t sleep. When he tried, the guilt threatened to eat him alive. Every time he closed his eyes he saw James’ face saying ‘all past tense.’ It had been soul crushingly sad. Steve closed his eyes, flinching at the strong emotion.
“He’s very curious and wants to know everything. If there’s something you know that he doesn’t, he’ll like you. He’s very shy and timid at first. He likes to draw, read. Sarah is teaching him Irish, I’m teaching him Italian. He likes to bake with Steve and he actually likes to do his homework.” Tony knew that Benni was safe and sound. That knowledge eased his mind. Tony didn’t know what he would do if he had to worry about Benni on top of everything else.
“He's over there, more pathetic than the last time you visited,” James told him, pointing vaguely towards Howard with the least amount of effort possible, taking another piece of ginger bread out of his pocket and moving away from Steve this time. “We should put him in a proper holding cell.”
“It was nice to see a movie again,” he admitted and looked down. He was about ready to go back and sleep some more. Why he was so tired that he didn’t know, he just was. And out in the open he felt even more vulnerable. He wanted to add something about the movie as a couple passed them and Tony smelled the man’s cologne and he froze. It was Howard’s. He’d know that smell anywhere. Only Howard’s was usually mixed with the stench of booze. Tony stared at the man and moved closer to the houses behind him. It was cold. There was the smell and suddenly Tony’s whole body started to ache again.
“Please,” Steve said, closing his eyes. If Tony left he wouldn’t know what to do with himself. “Please,” he repeated, not one to beg.
He should’ve been waking up. It had been long enough for the anesthesia to wear off. Of course James took into consideration the fact that he was probably exhausted but still, he needed to hear him speak and know he was alright and then he would let Clint sleep as much and for as long as he wanted.
“Reputation aside?” Tony asked and moved to sit properly, biting back a yawn. There was light coming from the hallway, but other than that it was dark in the room. “For what it’s worth, I care just as much about
“James, it’s fine. I eat there all the time. Everyone knows I work for you. Sam knows. He’s seen us together at Clint’s bar. Besides, not
There was no immediate response but they might have a bit of a walk to get to their room. He thought he remembered seeing a door open to what looked like where the guards could sit and have a coffee.
Steve, Dugan and Jones were walking back to the car, Jones at his six and Dugan leading in front, both of them with their guns in hand, held out, ready to shoot.
“Not gonna lie, James scares me.” He smiled weakly, breathing slowly and finding comfort in the familiar presence. “Does your leg hurt a lot? The darkness is difficult for me too. It helps to have Steve next to me but I can’t just lie around in the dark, even with him there.”
“Has—” they both started at the same time, going silent again. Steve gestured to James, indicating that he should go first.
“Why don’t we discuss this in the sitting room,” he managed around Steve’s fingers pressing down on his windpipe.
“And you’re, what? Twenty-seven? You’re pushin’ thirty, laddie.” He didn’t comment more and his mother realized she’d hit a sore spot without him ever having to tell her. She grabbed her own meal and settled down on the couch beside him, eating and talking about some nonsense from her last visit back to Ireland.
James scoffed, why was Steve the way he was? James leaned against the wall, eyeing Tony. Did he really know so little about Steve? Steve spent eighty-percent of their time together talking about this kid. He had immunity in all of Brooklyn and yet he knew jackshit about the man. Did he even know Steve was a mob boss?
Once out of his clothes and in the bright light of the bathroom in his room, Tony saw himself in the mirror and flinched. That couldn’t be him! He looked nothing like that! There was the shadow of a beard on his face, he looked exhausted and all the colors of the rainbow were on his body.
“Hey, how’s the workload look for this Friday? As in, can I leave it to those cretins and spend my afternoon elsewhere?”
Instinctively, Tony reached for where the dog tags would be to touch them and feel closer to Steve. For a second he forgot he put them under the cot for him to find and he got scared that they took them.
