Castiel patted Charlie's hand affectionately and looked over at Dean before replying with a smile “I would first like to see you all safe, and then I must get this information back to my clan. Even after the murder of so many of my clan brothers, they still have the numbers to destroy Lucifers clan.” his expression changed to one of barely concealed anger as he added “I also want the chance to confront Uriel. I want to know why. With this information, and the identity of Uriels contact in Lucifers clan, I can prove he did it, but not why. My clan leader, Michael, is fond of Uriel. He is close with Raphael, Uriels older brother. Michael will accept nothing less than absolute proof of his guilt.”
“I should shower, but I’ll wait until I’ve had coffee. I always need to poop straight after I’ve had my first cup, might as well wait if I don’t have to fight Sam for it.” Dean said, yawning.
“Don't be embarrassed, Dean. If I told you that I've had a crush on you too, would that make you feel better?” he said, softly, hugging the Omega into his side, Deans head resting on his shoulder.
“I wanted to die, my whole family was gone. My future. But I wanted to kill the bastards who took it away from me first. So, I went lookin'” he sat forward and adjusted the meat cooking over the embers.
Cas gave him a bitch face that rivalled Sam’s. “You did. It doesn’t mean I’m going to leave, Dean.” he said snarkily.
Benny and Sam hung yet another tarp in order to section off the area where Jess would be operating and then it was time to move Cas.
“Who is “they” and what exactly happened?” said Cas, running his hands through his hair in frustration.
Balthazar sighed. “Yes. Gabe told me to keep it a secret, he didn't want Michael to find him. I was only to tell you if you decided to leave the clan, so you'd have somewhere to go. I kept an eye on you where Gabe couldn't. I gave him semi-regular updates on yours and Hannah's welfare. He was devastated when he had to leave you both behind.”
He stood at the back of the group, following the movements and if he messed them up on purpose just so Cas would come over to correct his stance, pulling his body into position with gentle hands, well, that was no-ones business but his own.
Well, the response I got from the last chapter was overwhelming to say the least. Such lovely comments, thank you so much to those that made the effort. It really does make a difference when you receive feedback!
Cas had never been a morning person. This morning was no exception. He'd awoken to the sound of whining and the scent of Omega distress, something he'd always been particularly sensitive to. He tried to sit up to find the source only to grunt in agony at the pain lancing up his side. Jess was at his side immediately, holding a cup with a measure of poppy syrup to his lips and pushing him gently back down onto the bed. He protested and fought, even growling lowly, but Benny had appeared at the other side of his bed and added his strength to holding him down, preventing him from hurting himself or anyone else.
Dean pulled the blankets back and then shrugged off his robe and threw it onto the chair on his side of the bed. Kicking off his slippers he dropped onto the bed and flopped backwards with an arm over his eyes and his legs hanging off the edge.
**I know the snake stuff seems implausible, but it's all actually true. I did research and the tactic was used in the Vietnam war. I've wanted to use it in a story for ages.
Ellen chuckled and side-eyed him jokingly. “Sure, hon. I believe you.” in a tone that stated that she did not, in fact believe him.
“Spells escalate, as easy as it would make it to explain all of this, I don’t think that’s what this is. It’s been a few days, by now we’d have escalated to killing any perceived threat, or eating each other or something.” Dean said, wrinkling his nose in disgust.
Finally succeeding in throwing Dean off, Sam tackled his brother, knocking them both onto the disgusting carpet, where they wrestled until both were exhausted and coughing.
“Why Sammy, you would help your Alpha to beat your helpless Omega brother? How could you?” said Dean, laying it on thick.
Sam and Dean FINALLY reunite in this chapter. It's rushed and awkward, but it's what the circumstances are (They are Winchesters).
“Dear boy, you couldn't have done anything. From what we saw, you would have just ended up the same way as those other poor bastards. You did the right thing.” stated Balthazar, surprising Castiel. “He's right, Alfie. You couldn't have done anything.” said Castiel, grateful for Balthazars bluntness for once.
“Well, shit.” Dean grumbled, looking at the damage. “You’ve got a spare, but it’s flat too, and my jack won’t lift this hunk of junk without going through the chassis.”
My faithful four legged shadow and my best friend, My dog Saphie, died yesterday. I'm devastated. I became almost completely deaf a few years ago and she helped me to overcome it. I was afraid of being alone in silence. She gave me confidence and unwavering support. I'm utterly lost without her.
Cas sighed deeply “I think I understand. Sam is your brother, he cares deeply for you and probably feels a little misplaced guilt. So he wants to help you. He just doesn't realise he is treating you like a victim. Whereas you feel you are more of a survivor. Am I right?” he said, gently.
“With all four of us? One of us an angel with super strength? Two. Only because we should set up the camp before coming back for the food. Did you remember the bear bags?” Sam asked.
The grassy slope leading up to the cave entrance was soaking wet from the fine rain and the wheels of the truck struggled to find traction, resisting the urge to press on the accelerator, Cas merely zig zagged his way to the top of the slope, in a similar fashion to how he tackled slopes when wearing skis in the depths of winter.
Cas chuckled and laid down next to his husband. “Could be fun trying for one though.” he joked, running a hand up Deans leg as he waggled his eyebrows suggestively.
Castiel hoped whoever it was, had got away unharmed. He had wanted to give his clan mates a proper burial, but Balthazar had vetoed that idea. They had no idea if the camp was still being watched. They had sadly sneaked away from the camp and headed to the fallback point in the hopes that whoever had escaped the carnage would meet them there.
Dean shrugged. “Under normal circumstances, I'd agree. But we ain't livin' under normal circumstances, Cas.” he said sadly. “Just give me some time, okay. I'm trying to figure this out around all the other crap that's goin' on up here.” he added, tapping his temple.
“Yes, I do. An American cream draft horse. One of the few large breeds left, and he is quite the specimen. He can be a little temperamental, but I raised him from a foal, and he trusts me. His name is Hemingway.” Castiels pride in his horse was evident. “Although Balthazar refers to him as Haemorrhoid, because, and I quote, “he's a pain in the ass”. He's not wrong, but Balthazar does make it worse somehow.”
Sam had contacted everyone they knew, and apart from assurances that any information would be passed straight to him or Bobby, they had heard nothing. Dean had simply disappeared.
“The poltergeist case in DC? Yeah, that was a messy case from start to finish. I’ve never seen so much ectoplasm. What made you think of that?” Dean asked, picking up a stone and putting it down again when Cas shook his head.
“What? No! I just don't like it when people are objectified.” denied Dean, his face beginning to go pink.
“You don’t have to do that for me, I just want to touch you.” Cas said, guessing correctly Deans fear.
“I agree.” Cas said, stealing a spoonful of Dean’s apple pie ice-cream sundae, his eyes lit up and he went back for another before Dean blocked him with his spoon.
“I see it. We made good time, still a little light left. Would'a hated tryin' to find this place in the dark.” said Bobby, steering to park behind the slightly worse for wear truck Dean had described.
Hearing a noise behind him, he turned to see one of the Alphas from the newcomers standing in the doorway to the work shop.
The A/B/O Virus had devastated the entire world. With the majority of people being born sterile, the population plunged to near extinction within a handful of generations. Cities lay empty, left to crumble, regimes rose and fell. None managing to hold on to power for long with the population dwindling with each successive generation. Society crumbled until it broke down completely.
“I knew you would react badly to it. After what you had all been through, I thought it best not to say anything. As I said, my plan was to see you to safety and then leave. I didn't expect to stay or to.. become friends, with any of you. Up until I found you in the compound I was completely focused on my mission.” said Cas quietly.
“Are you making that face at the thought of medicine or Sam's cooking? I assure you, he is better than me. It could be worse.” she giggled.
Dean heard Claire's laughter and joined in with a few chuckles of his own, he looked up at Cas who was beginning to look frustrated. “She means it's a boys only trip, Cas.” he said gently.
“So, Jack wants a brother or sister, huh? I wonder what gave him that idea?” said Dean, questioningly.
Daddy pulled him back gently and straightened his pyjamas. “Slippers and robe first, okay? Santa will wait for you.” he reassured. “Look, I'm already wearing mine.” he said, gesturing to his own pyjamas and robe with matching slippers.
Cas looked grim and nodded. “You're right. Having a plan B is probably wise. I only ask that for now, the information stays between us. I hope you never need to use it.”
Dean took the opportunity to look at Cas properly. The Alpha was deeply asleep, his face looking younger and softer than when he was awake and wore a frown almost permanently. His plump lips were dry and slightly parted. His olive skin was still pale, but looked a healthier shade than it had been earlier in the day. The light blanket covering him came up to his collarbones and shifted with each slow deep breath as the Alpha slept. Overall, Cas looked a little better than he had earlier and Dean felt hope for Cas' recovery.
“Sneakin’ off for some heavy petting with my boyfriend? I am officially a teenage girl.” Dean said, rolling his eyes and sighing.
“Well, I don't think he's a danger to us personally. If that's what you mean.” said Ellen, her face screwed up in thought.
“Do we let him stay though and start over with us? Or send him on his way?” said Dean, he looked uncomfortable.
“Bye, Castiel, talk to you later, Dean.” Sam sagged as the radio shut off and the conversation was over. Everyone stood frozen for a second, not knowing what to do next.
Mary grinned. “That sounds like a great idea. That’s what you should do, Dean.” she said, sounding excited.
Cas had made excellent time getting to the foothills of the mountains, the cave he planned to stash the truck in was a much used stopping off point for the clan when they travelled in an out of the mountains. He would camp there tonight and make the days journey to the next stopping off point in another cave, deep in the mountains, camping there before making the final leg of the trip to the clan itself.
Cas looked helpless and Dean took pity on him. “C'mon. I'll help you choose.” he said, gently pushing the angel towards the rails that were jam packed with flannel, jeans and wind-breakers of all colours and sizes.
Dean covered his face with his hands. So much for being a decent boyfriend, he’d hurt Cas badly. He dropped his hands and chased Cas who was walking towards his truck. Dean panicked, Cas was so upset, Dean had managed to drive him off already.
Sam looked bemused. Maybe these two would sort themselves out for once. It was doubtful, but a nice thought.
“Good evening, brothers. I have confirmation that Azazel led an attack on the River clan, he was identified by an Alpha that lost his first-born Omega to a raid by Azazel on a settlement he lived in previously. The River clan managed to deter the attack, with no casualties. Which leads me to believe that the rogue clan may try again, on one of the other plains clans or even here. It's also possible that it was an attack designed to test the River clans defences, in order to plan a real attack with a larger force.” He paused to look around the room, eyes hard and cold.
Deans enthusiasm was contagious and Cas found himself grinning with excitement as they stepped out of the house onto the porch.
Cas huffed a laugh at something Claire said. “Yes, Sam does tend to emit a frankly alarming amount of offensive smelling gas. I think it's something to do with his diet. He tends to eat healthy foods most of the time, so his system doesn't handle fast food well when he does consume it.”
He'd never really considered himself gay, but the sight of Cas in that outfit had stirred something within him. So much so, that thinking of Cas as a brother set off a wave of revulsion so strong, he almost pulled the car over to vomit.
“Down by the trucks, they want to make the journey as easy as possible for the injured, so they are making some adjustments. Also the truck you were all in before is still kind of uh...gory, so Sam and Dean got the job of cleaning that up, as punishment for last night.” said Jess, grimacing.
“That sounds expensive. Not like anyone pays us, Cas. We got the recliners in the Dean cave and they are fine for us. Should I start shopping for doilies and scatter cushions next?” Dean sneered nastily, grabbing the grocery bag from the table and walking towards the kitchen.
Cas entered the room, looking around and meeting Deans eyes briefly before looking away. He sat in the chair and took the tea that Bobby gave him gratefully, wrapping both hands around the mug, but not drinking it.
“Urgh, I don't wanna touch anything in here. Jesus, was he collecting communicable diseases? My guess is he was going for the whole set.” whispered Dean in disgust. Cas frowned and nodded his agreement with that statement. They crept through the room, being careful not to touch anything, their shoes sticking to the slightly tacky floor.
“Yeah, that was weird.” said Charlie, frowning. “Oooh! Maybe he likes other Alphas? Or he was in love and they mated someone else or died or something? Oh, I bet that's it. He had his heart broken.” she added, a little too excitedly.
Ellen and Cas nodded sagely with shudders of their own. “If Matty didn't love it so much, I'd arrange for that thing to have an “accident” in the fireplace.” said Ellen, placing a plate of food in front of Cas, who smiled gratefully.
“Fuck yeah! Lets see if we can find Bobby on this thing.” he began to click through the channels one by one, until the static cleared and he spoke into the handheld mic
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, you are. Except when you’re smitey, then you’re fuckin’ hot.” he groaned when Cas pinched his nipple playfully.
Benny nodded. “Okay, chief. You just rest up here for a few and we'll get set up. Just keep breathin' in and out, real slow.”
Deans eyes were huge and round as he stared open mouthed at the angel. Dean had done some kinky shit in his time, he knew all about the prostate, had let a few girls slip a finger in there a few times, had even tried it on himself a couple of times, but had never managed to do anything like that. The twitch was now a full boner, he shifted trying to find a comfortable way to sit without giving himself away.
The other Omegas reluctantly dropped the subject and began to break down the camp. Repacking the food and water and folding away the blankets. They finished just in time for Cas to come striding back over the hill, half dressed in just heavy denim jeans and boots and carrying his shirt in one hand. Deans mouth went dry as he took in the sight of the Alpha striding towards him. His already dark hair was now almost black from the water, making his already striking blue eyes stand out even more, and his bare chest was muscled, the nipples dark and tight from the cold, his waist was slim with taut abs and a light dusting of hair leading down from his navel, his broad shoulders and muscled arms flexed as he ruffled his wet hair, causing water droplets to spray in all directions, catching the light and looking like sparks.
When the food arrived it was hot, plentiful and just as good as it smelled. Dean’s eyes rolled back into his head as he bit into the honey glazed ribs and he barely refrained from moaning.
“This is what I was saying earlier, let him take care of you. Being vulnerable with the one you love isn’t being weak. That takes the most courage of all.” Mary reassured.
“How many are coming? Did Garth confirm numbers?” said Sam, wolfing down the food as if someone was about to take it from him.
Castiel considered fleeing before he was discovered, but the voice sounded so broken. He hesitated just long enough to register the scent of distressed Omega coming from the well shaft. It kicked his protective Alpha instincts into overdrive and the next thing he knew he was whispering into the well to the trapped Omega
“I'll do my best. I swear, I never meant any harm on you folk. I just wanted a fresh start. That's all.” said Benny, arranging the rabbits over the embers in order to cook them.
“Nah, nothing to worry about. Just wanna run a couple of things by you. Once we’re on a real road that is. Don’t wanna scratch my baby.” Dean said giving Cas a thumbs up as he too started his engine.
“I'm gonna lock up and switch off the lights and stuff, take him to bed and I'll be in in a few.” said Dean, kissing his husband on the cheek and heading off to lock up.
“Those boys ain't gonna know what hit 'em.” chuckled Bobby. “I believe you may be right.” murmured Cas nodding as Bobby took a seat on the crate next to Castiel's bed.
Cas followed seconds later, pushing himself deeper with a grunt. Dean could feel his cock swell and kick as he emptied himself into the condom.
Charlie was a bubbly red head from a city clan, she was bright and vivacious and extremely intelligent.
As always, comments and kudos are what keep this story going. Seriously, without encouragement I would have given up ages ago. This month marks a year since I started this story, thank you to all that have given your time to reading it. <3
“Yeah, I got a nap in yesterday, and it's not like I can do much else with my arm like this, so I wasn't exactly tired. I thought I'd let everyone sleep, you guys worked hard last night.” Dean whispered back, checking the time on the pocketwatch that he'd left lying on Castiels chest, it was easier to leave it there because of only having one working arm.
“I can't...I don't know how to treat this. It's way beyond anything I can fix. Benny was right. You need a medic.” she looked devastated.
His stomach stopped churning and he felt a little more stable as he shuffled to the door of his room, pulling the door open and starting in surprise as Jack stood on the other side of it, his fist raised as if to knock. Dean felt marginally better about the squeak he let out when Jack looked just as terrified as he felt.
Dean rolled Cas until he was on his back and took his cock in his hand, pumping it and flicking his thumb over the head.
Cas finished loading the last of his belongings into the under-seat storage in the truck. He turned around to find Bobby standing behind him with a sawn-off shotgun, his expression was unreadable.
As he came in the front door, he was immediately concerned by the faces of everyone standing outside the radio room. Benny, Garth and Charlie all looked worried and Ellen looked furious. He could hear Bobby talking, but couldn't make out what was being said.
They headed north into Ohio and were making good time to meet Mary by lunchtime, when Cas’s truck suddenly developed a flat tyre, forcing him off the road and almost into a ditch.
Being officially 'dead' gave Castiel the freedom to scope out Lucifer's operation without being actively hunted. If he could continue being undetected, he stood an excellent chance of gaining enough information to bring down Lucifer for good.
“Cas, I’m sorry.” Dean said, his own voice cracking. “I know it seems like I’m toying with you. I promise you, I’m not. I don’t
“So, do you have a horse?” Charlie asked, looking innocent. Dean suddenly felt murderous towards her.
“Okay. I'll text you the co-ordinates of our campsite should you change your mind. We'll be out of cell range, but just pray to me and I'll hike out to the rangers station and meet you, I can move pretty fast and get there in a few hours.” Cas said into the phone, his expression soft. “Okay, bye. Be careful.” he said before hanging up and giving Dean his full attention.
“Where you boys off to? Looks like yer loaded up there. Goin’ huntin’?” he asked. Dean had to stifle a laugh, he wrinkled his nose in pretend disgust and shook his head. Seriously, Oscar material.
Jack nodded and wiped his nose on his sleeve. When Daddy put him back down on the floor he ran and jumped on Santa's lap, giggling when Santa let out an “oof” sound just like his Papa did when Jack jumped on his lap.
“Keep laughing Sammy, I dare you. You'll wake up tomorrow with no fuckin' eyebrows” sneered Dean, stabbing the chicken on his plate viciously.
I vastly underestimated the number of chapters I would be writing for this fic. I originally estimated maybe 30. It's looking nearer to 70 because I'm a massive details whore.
Cas’ phone rang and he stood up to answer it, his face breaking out into a soft smile. “It’s Claire, she’s outside and wants to be let in.” he said, hanging up and almost running for the stairs up to the main door.
Sam looked bemused. “He said he’s never had to. He doesn’t need to breathe, so he never bothered to learn.” he shrugged.
“I'm gonna go start ringing up yer stuff, boys. Gimme a holla if ya need me or ya can't find anything. Changing rooms over there by the hatchets.” said Jake, heading towards the counter.
Waking up a few hours later was a more pleasant experience than the first time. The scent of Omega distress had gone and the smell of Ellen's stew wafted throughout the large tent. Cas shifted slightly, pushing the blanket down and stretching his arms, wincing slightly as the movement tugged on his stitches.
Dean looked panicked. “What! How the fuck are you gonna go off and fight in a war, dude?” he said, his voice slightly high pitched with anxiety.
Dean flinched. “Are you- are you sick? Dying? Cas, you're scaring me, man.” he said, his voice soft.
“Dick.” Dean muttered. “No, I just think this is a bit of miscommunication. I wanna head off any future problems.” he said.
Arriving back at the Bunker, Mary greeted them with smiles and hugs. Giving Dean an approving look as he slipped a hand into Cas’ as they walked through the bunker corridors towards the kitchen where Mary had put together a dinner of frozen pizza, cheesy garlic bread and sodas.
Dean found himself mute and riddled with questions. This time fully clothed, the only thing left was to adjust the sleeves of his shirt which he did. Fiddling with the buttons and folding the fabric in to a comfortable position as he stared at Crowley with parted lips. He couldn't do anything else than that, trying to comprehend it all.
He shut his eyes and pulled Castiel in close, just allowing it to happen but he didn’t want to be too present. Their lips met roughly against each other as he had pretty much yanked the angel against him. He had planned to let it be this clumsy of a kiss, it shouldn’t mean anything. 10 seconds of this and it will be over. But soon he found himself relax into the kiss. Castiel’s lips felt so soft and smooth against his own, besides the amount of stubble above them. The roughness somehow just felt, hot... He realized that he really has had a thing for Cas with his messy hair and unshaven face, like he didn’t have a single care in the world over such things. His crooked tie. The way he stared against all social rules. Did this feel as amazing for Cas as it did for him?
Dean’s hands dragged themselves down his cheeks and down onto the bed before he gave Sam the widest fake grin with a tilt of his head. “Yep, totally fine. Hell, I feel just awesome.” He lied in over exaggeration, shifting his position, and put his feet down on the floor.
The cemetery radiated a barren somberness, feeling haunted enough that even the trees appeared dead and naked with no leaves. As if Dean’s emotions channeled through the nature and energy, ruling over the vicinity with a vibrating depression. It felt so wrong and nothing felt beutiful anymore.
Outside he glanced past the other side of the corridor where he knew a room to be vacant around the corner. Would it be okay to be so close to Deans? The angel didn’t know, but Sam had said to pick any room and Dean wasn’t here. He slowly walked over to it and opened the door to peer inside tentative. It looked much like any other of the bedrooms there. A wooden framed bed, a wall made of tiles, a desk, and a lamp by the single bed table. It was more than enough to suffice his need, and figured that it wouldn’t hurt to at least claim it for one night.
Dean had watched with fascination and awe, he and Sam had been taught to fight from a young age in order to protect themselves, but this was something else. His and Sam's style of fighting already used an Alphas raw strength against them, but it often turned into a drawn out and protracted battle that was designed to wear down their opponent. He could certainly see the advantage of taking down an enemy without breaking a sweat.
Other things are also revealed that are much more positive in nature. Seriously, it's super cute. I really think you will love it.
“No, I'm sorry. I'm not used to having anyone take care of me. So first of all, thank you, Dean. Second, I just wanted my arms free, I didn't mean to imply that your help was unwelcome.” he said softly.
How was this Deans life? Two weeks ago Dean was living his life, had never looked at a dude that way, and loved Busty Asian Babes. Now he was sitting in the forest sporting a boner over a very male angel of the lord while fantasising about riding him like a pony.
Sam looked like a moose in the headlights. “What?” he said, confused. “I mean, what the fuck? I was only gone for forty minutes.” he said incredulously.
He sat in the open roll top doorway of the trailer in front of a tiny fire, trying to stay awake when he heard to sound of an engine and a dog barking. He tensed up, he was still not in any shape to fight but he would give anyone who wanted one, hell. He heard the crunch of tires on snow just behind the trailer he was in and the engine cut off. Sam took out his handgun and shakily held it out in front of himself. The slamming of a vehicle door and the crunch of approaching footsteps set his already frayed nerves even more on edge.
Jess pulled the cover over Cas and walked over to where Dean was standing. “Dean, he's still very sick. If you upset him, I'm going to be very angry with you. I get you were butthurt that he didn't tell you, but he's explained his reasons. The rest of us think they are valid reasons. I'm not going to let you talk to him if all you are going to do is berate him.” she said, with an edge to her voice.
Satisfied, Dean went back down to the kitchen, snagging a piece of boiled ham from his plate, he stuffed it into his mouth and carried on over to the sideboard where he had left the herbs to steep, he took a piece of weighted linen and draped it over a mug and poured the herbal mixture through it to strain the herbs out. Placing the pot back on the sideboard he took the linen from the mug, putting it aside for now and added some honey from the pot stored on the shelf above the sideboard, he stirred it as he walked back to the table, placing it next to Sam's plate just as Sam walked into the kitchen yawning wide and scratching his belly through his shirt.
Mary stood watching, putting her arm around Jack who still looked worried. “It’s okay, Jack. She’s not mad.” she reassured Jack quietly.
“I promise.” he smiled as she gave Balthazar a look of interest at his cut and swollen lip. She gave a small satisfied smile as she realised who had given it to him and why.
Cas was the first to break this time, he let out a deep chuckle that shook the whole bed as Dean scowled at him like he had betrayed him.
“Before the apocalypse. The first one, anyway. My superiors discovered my feelings about you before I could even identify them properly. I was dragged back to heaven and- Well, reprogrammed.” Cas said bitterly.
Dean bit his lip as he took a second to admire the amount of skin on show. Cas was solid, his shoulders were broad, his chest and stomach were toned, he wasn’t as cut as Sam was, but he had inherited a very nice vessel. Dean wasn’t about to pop a boner like a teenager, but he definitely felt a twitch of interest below the belt.
Sams eyebrows almost met his hair in surprise and Bobby shrugged “Dean had a good idea, I'm gonna build on that. The network needs better communication, Singers homestead is gonna become the hub. We're talking about training and arming a militia to protect the clans. Garth may be an idjit, but he knows almost as many clans as I do. He is gonna be vital. We'll get Dean back, and maybe we'll prevent this ever happening again.”
Sam nodded. “Yeah, you’re right.” he admitted, sounding relieved. “I guess Cas is just that pretty after all.” he teased making Dean scowl defensively.
“Come on, Dad's out cold for the night, but let me introduce you to the rest of the fam. Kali is gonna love you and the kids will eat you alive. Or is it the other way around? Let's find out!” said Gabe, bouncing towards the Winnebago excitedly, like a puppy off the leash.
“I'd like to lay eyes on Dean first before I go get Sam, if it's all the same to you.” said Bobby still holding his gun on Benny.
Dean wrinkled his nose and made a disgusted noise. “Dude, just be grateful it wasn't a dick. That would have really freaked you out.” he said laughing.
“You want this to be my tight ass instead, don’t you?” he said with a smirk. “I want you to, I want you to fuck me. I want you to to come deep in my ass, fill me up-”
“Jack. Jack it's me, look it's Papa. I'm here.” he soothed, as Jack screamed and then went silent in shock.
“I think we should come back here too.” Jack said, taking a huge bite of his third bowl of ice-cream and making Sam and Dean wince as they imagined the ice-cream headache that usually followed, but Jack seemed unaffected.
“We're going camping, I'm not sure where you get the idea that we're going to a festival, let alone one that is centred around sausages exclusively.” Cas said into the phone, frowning in confusion.
Sam and Jess had begun bringing food to the table but paused and looked at each other, Sam looked hopeful and Jess shrugged and nodded. Sam's smile was radiant. His nervousness from earlier was all but forgotten as he turned to Bobby and said “Bobby, you're a genius.”
Bobby huffed a laugh and slapped Sam on the shoulder. “Good, 'cause yer helpin' me build his cabin next to the big spruce tree when the ground thaws a little more.”
Dean smirked. “Pervert.” he grinned. “Seriously though, you want another child? You really think we can do it?” he asked, seriously.
He would eventually pass out again though, and Ellen, who had taken it upon herself to nurse him as well as Jo, would gently check his wound and bathe the sweat from his body. When he woke up confused, she would sooth him and try to keep him calm and prevent him from hurting himself.
Dean panted and looked down at Cas who winked and began sucking his still hard cock again, the orgasm building again immediately.
“It was very much the opposite of that, okay?” Dean was shaking hard and his voice was hoarse. Cas' eyes widened and he took a deep breath in surprise.
“Me too.” whispered Amy. “Well, sort of. I mean obviously I like... uh...dicks.” The darkness hid her red face as the others huffed with quiet laughter. “But I had nowhere else to go either. The Alpha who got me pregnant was suffering from bond break from his previous Omega. He wouldn't mate me. I had to leave because my father would have... yeah.” she trailed off sadly. “I hope my little boy is okay.” she breathed out a sob.
Castiel sighed with satisfaction and looked out proudly over his greatest accomplishment. Up here in the mountains, food and medicine were hard to come by. Trading with other clans only brought in so much when there were few natural resources and the clan had struggled previously. Castiel had been given the job of improving stocks and supplies, a task that most of the clan had expected him to fail. He had jumped at the chance and had improved the food supply to the point that they had a surplus for trading.
“Pie? I love pie! We need to go get your mom as soon as possible. I can drive through the night if I have to. I need that pie, Jo.” demanded Dean, making the others laugh at the almost ferocious look on Deans face.
“Say thank you and goodbye to Castiel, Matty.” she said to the little boy, who waved and blew kisses. Cas made Benny laugh when he blew a kiss back and waved as Amy carried the toddler out of the room.
Dean took a shuddering breath and nodded into Cas' neck. Mumbling “Yeah. M'okay. Jus' gimme a minute.” he hadn't let up his grip around the Alphas torso and Cas winced in pain.
“Your mama was the sweetest person I ever met. She was so kind and gentle, but no pushover either. One day, I clear forgot to lock the back gate and the goats got in and destroyed her herb garden. She relied on those herbs to make medicines. Including some kind of tea to sooth morning sickness, she was pregnant with you, Dean.” said John, gesturing at Dean with the beer in his hand. “Those goats tore up everything they didn't eat, she was furious.” He grimaced and continued “I might have gotten away with a tongue lashing, but she looked so damn cute when she was angry, I couldn't help myself and got this big goofy grin on my face.”
Dean nodded and rolled his eyes as Charlie turned to once again lean into the cab to reach the radio.
Cas froze in shock against Deans lips. He pulled back and narrowed his eyes “Is that a yes?” he queried tilting his head to one side and Dean giggled.
“How did..” Alistair started, but never got to finish as the door suddenly banged shut behind him revealing his rescuer who had been hiding behind it.
Dean felt the slight drag, eased by the sheer amount of lube Cas had used. It was weird, feeling so full, but not painful, just a slight ache.
“Oh, well let me get you some coupons! All the businesses in town got ‘em for each other. It’ll give you a dollar off each.” Tommy said with smile.
Dean felt the taste of bile in his mouth. “That’s why you were gonna betray them, tell me what they were planning, wasn’t it?” he asked.
Dean groaned and dropped his head in his hands. Charlie and Ellen looked sick. Amy was clutching Matthew to her chest, while the little one protested softly in his sleep.
“Thanks, Cas.” he murmured, sincerely. Cas gave him a shy smile as he listened to Claire who had started speaking again.
This was where the group had agreed to meet if the main camp was compromised. Both he and Balthazar were exhausted, mentally and physically. They cast their eyes around to look for the survivor, who must be in the same or even worse shape.
“Phew! That’s better I thought I was- OH!” Jack cut himself off and stood in shocked silence as Cas and Dean broke apart quickly, Cas backing off from Dean and walking away a few steps, turning his face away and rubbing his neck in a self conscious gesture. Dean just stood slumped, open mouthed, totally stunned by what had just happened.
Hearing his Daddy chuckle, Jack risked a peep and saw Daddy's silhouette in the doorway. He could hear sleigh bells and Christmas music coming from the den down the hall.
This writing thing is a whole learning curve for me. I've never written this genre before, or a multi chapter story. I'm new to the concept of fan fic entirely. So I can't tell you how much it means that people are enjoying what I write.
“No it isn’t, Sam. We’ve been at this since I was four years old. Your entire life! We’ve given enough, lost enough. This is our chance to fucking enjoy the world we saved. We deserve it.” Dean said, irate. “Run the fucking Men of Letters, or whatever you wanna call it instead, but you gotta promise me, no hunting.”
“C’mon. Let’s get some new tyres for this hunk of junk.” Dean said, opening the truck door and stepping out.
Both swimmers seemed evenly matched at first, Deans experience winning out over Cas’ brute strength briefly, before Cas began to pull ahead, cutting through the water as if he was propelled.
Cas grinned, taking the jacket and slipping it on before reaching for the scarf. He wound it around his neck messily, eager to see the surprise Dean had planned for him.
Dean nodded, a tiny smirk on his face. “Yeah, I’m hard enough to hammer nails. You gotta stop or I’ll end up traumatising my brother and Jack.” he whispered.
“Is everything okay, Dean? You don't have to keep me company, don't you want to spend time with your friends, or your brother?” Cas asked carefully.
Garth had insisted his cabin didn't need to be big, or fancy, but Bobby didn't do things by halves. So Sam had been recruited into chopping down trees and digging through the salvage for days to find materials to build the cabin and furnish it.
Dean nodded. “I do. I don’t think I’m ready for.. you know, the whole shebang. But maybe build up to it? Like we talked about before?” he said shyly.
Cas looked thoughtful. “Jack would like to go camping in the wilderness. I confess I have no idea what we need in order to do that. I looked up camping supplies on the internet and the list of items was, frankly exhaustive and bewildering. Taking that much with you surely defeats the purpose, no?” he looked utterly confused.
“Uh, sorry dude. I guess I'm tryin' to figure out why the rescue, I mean, who are you?” said Dean, awkwardly. He was flustered and blushing slightly.
“Papa, where are the reindeer? Did you leave them on the roof? Can I meet them?” he begged, his eyes were pleading.
He listened as Garth replied, trying to make out what he was saying, but could only make out the tone, it turned from jovial to panicked in seconds.
Ellen handed Cas a cup of tea and patted his shoulder affectionately, gently pushing him into a chair.
Ignoring Deans earlier protestations, he dragged a blanket from the bottom of the bed and gently laid it over the sleeping hunter, covering him to the waist and quietly left the room, pulling the door closed behind him.
He checked Sam over methodically, and correctly diagnosed concussion, dehydration and slight hypothermia. Sam's mouth and nose were still black with soot from the fire, so he was also suffering from smoke inhalation. The boy was in bad shape.
Cas grunted as Jess pinned the bandage in place “I...yes. I'm sorry, I can't seem to make myself let go of you. This is really embarrassing.” he said hoarsely.
Dean huffed a laugh. “Thanks, man.” He watched Cas move about his room, straightening things and tidying as if he belonged in that space. A long way from when he used to just hover awkwardly and stare.
She had won over Bobby by impressing him with her knowledge of a vast range of subjects and they often chatted long into the night while Sam slept.
Clan raids to steal Omegas were an unfortunate common phenomenon as were forced matings in which only the Alpha would inflict the mating bite.
“Hey Cas, she's right. You do look better.” said a voice to his left, he turned to see Jo sitting up with a tired smile on her face, a large bruise covered her right temple. He smiled back. “You too.” he replied, his voice cracking. “We seem to be doing better than those two dumb asses. You should have seen them last night, neither of them could stand. Benny found them out on the riverbank crying and wailing and oblivious to anything sneaking up on them. There are wolves around here, the morons.” said Jo, shaking her head ruefully.
Mary took a drink from her soda. “Stop trying to count the cards, it’s not Vegas and it’s not poker.” she scolded.
“Could you sound more like Dr Phil? Fuck sake, Sam. Try not to make such a big deal out of it, okay?” Dean muttered looking irritated, his good mood souring.
Dean thought about if the situation was reversed and felt sick. “Uh, yeah. That makes two of us, I guess.” He smiled. “This is it for me, okay? Us. We’ve gotta make this work, Cas. Neither of us fucking around, and we talk about stuff, okay?” he said seriously.
Cas and Jack both grinned, Dean was momentarily taken aback at how eerily similar they were. He wondered not for the first time whether Jack had chosen to look like Cas as his chosen father. No one would question Jacks parentage looking at them both together. They even shared similar expressions.
The truck shot towards the gate, it was massive and looked pretty solid, there was no way they would be able to ram it open. The guards on the walls began to realise something was wrong and were shouting to each other and pulling their rifles into their hands.
Dean felt the sweat beading on his brow and his cheeks heating up. “Uh, we ain’t like that, Ma’am. We’re just friends.” he said quietly, with a slight edge to his voice. He knew Cas could hear every word with his super angelic hearing and cringed.
Balthazar sat back, wary of his friend for the first time in his life. “She's alive, and with nary a scratch. I swear. She's hiding nearby. Can- would you sit down please? You need to calm down. The whole scary Alpha smell is rather potent and it's hard to concentrate.” said Balthazar wearily.
“When Balthazar told me you were alive, I hardly let myself believe it! I needed to see you for myself to know for sure. Now you're here! You're here and you're alive!” she babbled as she clung to him.
Bobby knelt down next to Sam, feeding him spoonfuls of broth with gentle care and in silence. Rumsfeld had calmed down and was now staring at Sam with adoring eyes from his lap as he continued to pet him gently.
The outpost that Castiel was currently scoping out was on the rim of the canyon and had better security than any of the other places he had seen so far. The patrols were varied, guard rotations were not as rigid and the sheer number of guards left almost no part of the outpost unprotected at any time. He was beginning to doubt he would be able to get anywhere near the place to find out what it was used for. It was surrounded by a high rough stone wall that was patrolled constantly by guards with high powered rifles. A permanent guard post was established at the massive gate that was the only entrance to the compound. The main building itself was an L-shaped single story concrete monstrosity, a leftover from before the collapse. Several smaller wooden buildings were dotted around serving as latrines, or storage sheds.
“I'm just gonna swap 'em out. It'll take a couple of minutes before we start smellin' it.” said Bobby as he approached.
Cas pulled out, still holding Dean around the waist, he tossed the condom off the edge of the bed and guided Dean down onto the mattress, curling up underneath him so Deans head was on his chest.
“Not me, Castiel. My father wants to speak with you in private. He has something to discuss with you... and, no, before you ask, I don't know what it is. He's waiting for you upstairs.” Ezekiel smiled and gestured for Castiel to go up the staircase.
Sam showed Jack how to build a hammock, Jack was so pleased with it, he refused to leave it for an entire day. Only coming out of it when the camp was hit with a sudden downpour that had them all scrambling into their tents.
Deans eyes lit up. “Oh my god, yes. That's the one. The punch recipe they made looked like it would blow even
“Balthazar! What are you... What are you doing here?” said Cas, lowering the blade and looking around in confusion.
he tugged playfully at Sam's hair and smirking before ruffling it, teasing “You need a haircut, bitch”
“Sure, just be careful with my Baby.” Dean warned, making Sam roll his eyes as he climbed into the drivers seat.
“This is excellent. No signs of infection, the skin is knitting together wonderfully and the stitches can come out in a couple of days.” she said, reaching into the bag on the table.
Sam looked stunned and ashamed at Dean's outburst. “Dean, I'm sorry. I don't know what to say.” he said quietly, his voice cracking with emotion. “I just wanted to help. I swear, I thought I was helping you.” he begged.
“Craving affection? How dare you. That's disgusting.” said Cas, deadpan. He pulled Dean even closer and chuckled as Dean sighed in relief.
Dean scanned the horizon. The forest that surrounded Bobby's homestead covered hundreds of miles in every direction. As children, he and Sam had explored these woods with their father when they hunted for food. One day they had come across their old settlement, the blackened ruins of buildings that Dean no longer remembered were all that was left of the life they should have had. John had wandered around the ruins almost catatonic until he stopped in front of what had once been their home. There he had sat and wept with his children in his arms, before telling them happy stories of their mother and their lives. Bobby had joined in and for a little while, he and Sam had seen the Alphas as they had been before the tragedies that had forever tainted their scents with grief.
Dean scrambled into the cradle and whistled to signal his rescuer (if that was indeed the case) that he was ready to be hauled up. The cradle wobbled and swayed as it began to rise, Dean holding his arms out and trying to prevent the cradle from banging against the walls of the well shaft.
“Only, it wasn't her Alpha that she lured into a trap. It was me. She ran to her Alpha and told him everything. Who I really was, what my real intentions were, everything. I was stupid to expect her to go against the bond, but I lost my head at seeing her alive after so many years of thinkin' she was dead.” his voice broke.
This time, Cas squeezed his ass cheeks, lifting him of the floor slightly pulling him in and encouraging him to fuck his mouth. Dean hesitated only for a second, thrusting lightly before building up to a faster, deeper rhythm. Cas took all of it, pressing his nose into the pubes at the base of Deans cock and swallowing again. Dean shouted as he came in Cas mouth, his voice echoing back from across the lake.
Dean stepped back and Cas winked before pulling away, honking the horn and kicking up dust causing Dean to shield his eyes.
Cas pulled off his cock, sucking right to the tip before letting go and making Deans legs twitch with the oversensitivity.
There are three others. I'm not leaving without them.” said Dean, suddenly fearful that Cas would try to force him to abandon the others.
Bobby nodded and stomped off towards Garth's cabin where Benny was now helping Garth move a large rocking chair onto the porch as Cas hung what looked to be a wind chime from the porch roof.
“Nerd.” Dean muttered. “C’mon. You’re ridin’ with me. Jack’s ridin’ with Cas.” he said, opening the drivers door of Baby.
Cas cleared his throat and shifted awkwardly. “Yes. I need to leave now if I want to get to a safe place to camp before dark.”
Main story arc is revealed in the next chapter. I suppose 20 chapters in, it's about time really, although it's been hinted at throughout. I have some glorious twists and reveals coming up and maybe some new characters....
He pushed off the wall and made his way slowly through the crowd towards the list, already guessing what his duties would be, but needing confirmation nonetheless.
Cas was shaking and so was Dean. “Dean, I think I've been humiliated enough, don't you? Let me go. I'll get over it. I just need some time to do that. Then we can go on as before.” Cas said, sounding defeated.
Cas looked uncharacteristically shy as he wrapped the leftover cheese. “It's not my recipe as such. I sometimes watch the food network with Jack, I find it soothing.” he said, putting the cheese into the fridge.
“Two, same goes if it rains, the track will make it difficult to turn in the mud and too slippery to reverse the whole way back.” he said, driving on a few more feet to give Sam enough room to turn the truck.
“Are you hitting my patient? From a medics point of view, treatment doesn't usually involve violence, as it tends to impede recovery.” said Jess, dryly. Her hands on her hips and her eyebrow arched.
“Aww, hell. That’ll be for me. I gotta get back with lunch for the boys. I just wanted to check on you fellas, but you seem to be alright to me. I’ll swing by in an hour or so, make sure you got on your way. If you’re still here, I know someone in town who’ll give you a tow for a decent price. Sound fair?” the cop said, waddling back to his car.
“The last time I did this, it was because an Alpha from another clan insulted and slapped my cousin Hael.” muttered Cas.
Cas began laying cutlery on the table. “I think I know which one you're talking about. Was it the barbecue challenge from last Thursday? Jack was intrigued by that as well. Although he was more excited by the dragon fruit sorbet.” he said casually.
Cas picked at a baked potato that was loaded with butter and pepper jack cheese, he looked a little bewildered by it.
Dean chuckled as he pushed his feet into his slippers. “You got it, babe. One dirty weekend, comin' right up.” he winked.
They travelled in silence. Moving only at night and sleeping in the day, it should have taken them much longer to get where they were going, but fear was a great motivator and they reached the fallback point in just two days.
The bathroom door opened letting out a cloud of steam and a freshly washed Winchester dressed in a bathrobe and towel turban.
“Never do that to me again. I couldn't take it. Promise me.” she held his face, looking into the blue eyes so much like her own.
Dean laughed “I can see, dude. That smile of yours is a dead giveaway. Let me tell you, you're a natural. A few more lessons and you'll be nearly as good as me.” he said with obvious pride in his voice.
The curtain opened and Cas was back in his suit, although the trench coat was over his arm. He didn't meet Deans eyes and his cheeks were still a little pink.
“Ellen is prepping for our heats like we're going into a siege situation.” said Charlie looking a little annoyed by that.
He noticed how thick and long Cas’ lashes were, a slight scar on his top lip, almost unnoticeable in the deep cracks of the angels permanently chapped mouth. His strong jaw, shadowed with stubble and his neck, the skin smooth in contrast. He wondered briefly how soft that skin would feel on his lips and almost sighed.
Claire turned, her eyes bright with tears. “I’m not mad, dumb ass. Yeah, it’s a little weird, but I can deal. I just wanted to be sure you really do love him. He deserves that. I felt what he felt. You have no idea how much he loves you or how lucky you are. If you hurt him, I’ll kill you.” she warned, stepping over to Cas to hug him. Cas opened his arms and pulled her in, hugging her tightly, a single tear rolling down his cheek.
But he had stopped walking, eying down Crowley like a rival animal and searching for any lie in his face. Crowley had been trespassing on his territory, a fact that spread a wicked tingling underneath his skin of madness. Cain didn’t help that feeling at all. His voice had prodded at his mental walls and Dean could feel it silently slip through a freshly made crack… and the thing running out was something that he suppressed whenever he thought of the angel at times. Whenever Castiel would stare at him with that burning gaze as if staring down into the depths of his soul, unapologetic and intimidating. Just as he had done when he cradled Dean in his arms as he lay dying. It was a feeling that he had deemed forbidden and he had managed to ignore it for quite some time… but now it had been warped into something distorted and intoxicating. Something he wanted to chase and claim.
Dean’s breaths quickened and he could feel his body tense up. His Cock started to pulsating hot against his palm and leaking with clear and slippery fluid, the friction so good against the tip of his dick as he kept edging himself closer and closer to his orgasm.
“Well, I guess you’re back into working order…” Crowley said, sipping on a Sex on the beach in a slightly disgusted but fascinated manor, watching as Dean stuffed his face full like a messy toddler. “So... mind telling me what’s been going on with you lately?”
Then even harder as he found himself cradled in his arms, in Castiel’s arms. Blood speckles tarnished the pained expression the angel displayed, his face so close to his, as many times before.
Dean growled with a newfound sudden yearning for him, feeling his hand move against Castiel’s cheek, thumb pressing softly at his bottom lip as he felt a compulsion to just explore it. “Why do I find you so hot, Cas???” Dean groaned in aroused agony. Frustrated that he felt his cock twitch to life yet again through the wet, fresh and sticky mess of come smearing around in his boxers.
It took all of his damn efforts to not give in to Castiel’s delicious pleading and horny agonized demeanor. Practically begging for the slightest touch, as if he’d take anything from Dean, just to get something whether or not it be just a scrape of his nail. And the inexperienced noises of him jerking off his dick was driving him crazy with want.
fetch it, well either one of you will after I’m done incapacitating the other.” Crowley grinned, but just as he began walking a bang split through the air and stung Cas’s ears. The demon winced and cried out. Sam had shot him in the arm, the gun still smoking from the metallic nose.
Crowley now being his self-proclaimed boss resided in room 666, a mockery no doubt towards the caged Lucifer. Dean himself wanted his room to be on the bottom floor, old habit dies hard. Being at ground level meant more escaping routes in case of an enemy ambush. Dean snorted, thinking of how that logic was ironic now…
“Y- I know what you meant!” He cursed as the images of Castiel being hot and bothered stormed his mind. How he’s still in there with a hard on between his legs. God damn it, he found himself curiously inclined to help the angel. It turned him on to know how desperate the angel must be for a real relief. To think it all came from one kiss, hot and messy as it was. The temptation was flooding his reason. All the moments where they’d pin each other and fought, he had felt it then too. It was raw emotion in the making. A primal lust to just nudge the fight over the edge into a furious love making. He had wanted that but managed to suppress it, but now he’s had a taste of him. Now he knew that Cas was there on the other side as well, probably feeling the same arousal as him.
“Because he’s a knight of hell in the company of Crowley. He’s warded himself from me, I cannot locate him. I assume he hates me, a-and… that you hate me as well. I am sorry Sam; I have failed you both again and I need to penance. I-I wish I never were pulled from purgatory.” Cas explained with a coarse voice as he pushed himself away from Sam. It pained him deeply to admit it, but at the same time he found a weight lift from his shoulder as the truth had been slipping out of his mouth in all it’s purity and form. It felt
His eyes fluttered and it felt as he had woken up a second time today, dark clouds dispersing in his mind to expose the sun. Not that it filled him with clarity, his mind was kind of hoity-toity all over the place and nowhere at the same time.
of things” He said nodding as he thought of his brother that he hadn’t seen in a couple of millions of years. Probably too busy basking in his riches or helping out some promising businessman in the making. He was always fond of those kind of things- unlike war.
and he didn’t even fully understand why he wanted it. It should be the other way around, as in him fucking Castiel, and it baffled him that he didn’t want that
The angel smirked through parted and panting lips, licking them wet as his orgasm faded to an end. “Yes, I am in a way…
But shit, holding the phone to his ear was a chaotic mix of emotions. Each ringtone and each second had him thrown back and forth between doubt, want, doubt, want.
Dean should feel furious at Castiel for making Sam go through that, and surely he was. But there was something else that he felt too boiling underneath. Something wicked that was scratching at the walls of his mind like a hungry beast. A spark ignited which made Dean feel an uncomfortable need, and he couldn’t put his finger on whether he wanted to feel the heat of Castiel’s blood or… skin under his touch as he would punish him. Either way he now craved breathing in his Castiel’s cries as if snorting cocaine - just as how he felt himself wanting to breathe in the scent of the angel as if it was equally vital like oxygen.
He regretted learning that delivering serious confessions through a text-message was a weak move that the majority frowned down upon. He had read it in a women’s magazine which he sometimes found himself engage in after he had fallen from heaven. They had proven themselves helpful in learning how to contain a good relationship with the people around him and how to navigate the world as a human.
Cas broke the kiss to lean his forehead on Dean’s, gazing at him with his blues peeking through dark lashes. He looked so damn kissable that Dean wanted to cut his own heart out the way it was beating.
Castiel lowered his hand and looked at him intently, taking his time to just look at him as if it would be the last time they’d see each other for a very long time.
“If you’re at this point already, how will you stand a chance of helping me, Dean?” The angel mocked, finally pulling off Dean’s pants to release the tight tension in his pants. He’d have snapped back at him, but the only thing that escaped his mouth was a “
Dean grimaced and wiped the gray gunk dribbling down the corner of his mouth with his arm. A sudden cold gust of wind made his body shiver and he hugged himself to keep warm. He looked down to his chest, trying to find a wound where he had been pierced, but there was not a single trace left of even the tiniest prick. Remembering all of this only left him more confused. He didn’t understand why he was alive again, nor alone or what Castiel had meant. It looked as if the angel knew something that Dean didn’t, and it angered him.
Cas purred before starting to suck the last bit of come from the tip of Dean’s dick like a straw, so sloppy, so inexperienced like some weird vacuum cleaner- but so fucking perfect, because it was Cas’s mouth.
” Cas said, licking his lips again before adverting his eyes up to Dean again, so yearning and flushed. And that’s probably when the Kitty Cas bomb went off, ‘cus his eyes seemed blacker than Dean’s self-hatred.
“Cas…” Sam stuttered in his empathic voice, as if Cas was a fragile and scared little doe, nothing like the celestial being he should appear as. It annoyed him in that sense.
It was as debilitatingly as he imagined a demonic possession would feel like to a human. If he didn’t know any better he might have believed it. That a mini-Lucifer was latched on like a tick inside his ear, solely there to remind him of his mistakes, and spew fear into his mind of Dean hating him. Though he knew that there was no creature in his ear, he could still hear the words over and over again to the point where Cas felt brainwashed enough to believe it. That Dean hated him.
“Aaahhhh…!” He sang out with knitted brows, pressing the back of his skull against the door with a wide mouth. Sucking in air the best he could as his legs and body trembled. “aahhhahhahh, Casss…” He continued, not thinking about that he should probably be quiet.
“Haha, well perhaps I can teach you when we get back, or Dean can when we get him back- he’d probably love getting you out on the open road.” Sam laughed as he began recalling the first few times John had made Dean drive a car. Dean had been so young he still struggled with knowing left from right.
drunk anymore. He assumed the demon blood was working its magic through him to metabolize the alcohol. Still, he felt that nice buzz which he loved, just at the point of no return before you’ve had a glass too much to drink.
“What a delight! There’s the old Sparkles I know, too bad you’re still a doormat.” He chuckled and raised himself from the ground, spitting out the pool of blood in his mouth.
Dean began to follow after Crowley, quietly. Cursing at him for forgetting to bring him any shoes as he tiptoed around the pinecones. The demon just ignored him. Then he heard something else crackling around him, but Crowley didn’t react to this at all. Which he should be doing, because it was a man’s voice singing to him, although he couldn’t find where it came from.
“This was a setback, we were careless.” Cas said, dabbing at Sam’s wound. The Winchester whined at his touch, but he chose to ignore it.
“Yep. Okay.” Dean simply responded with a shrug, and on habit he locked the door before proceeding to take a seat at the bed again. Where they had been wrapped up in each other. He regretted choosing to sit down.
An involuntary groan slithered its way out from his mouth, driven by the frustration of his never-ending thoughts. He sat up and stretched his sore muscles before getting up from the bed, walking his way over to the bathroom. Every lousy step made rustled as he waddles over plastic bags of chips and cheese doodles scattered across the floor.
Sam’s cough interrupted Castiel from continuing any further. “I-it’s fine Cas. Just wash everywhere and you’ll be okay.” He stuttered and appeared squeamish.
“ah- fuck Cas… I,“ Dean groaned and closed his eyes. Every praise coming out from that angel’s mouth egged at his core with an abstinence. He found himself forced to buck up against Castiel’s slow grinds that he now found inadequate. He was already pleasing Dean in more ways he could’ve asked for, but spell or no spell he found his whole body wanted something more. To be closer to Cas, to feel him all over himself, skin against skin so tight they’d mend together… or more realistically; Cas spilling out over him while Dean did the same, messy and sticky – because Cas seemed to love that as much as he did
Panic ran through his body as he finally realized what he had been doing. What he felt was a mixture of guilt and over taking advantage of Cas... and the notion that he had in fact thought of him while he had sex and now also jacked off to his voice was incomprehensive. He couldn’t believe it.
“… Dean, I can’t.”  Cas said. His voice seemed a little off, despite it still being flat. Is there even a word for a monotone voice with hints of emotion? Dean put his hands towards the door and pressed his ear against it to listen.
He just stood there, admiring his crimson work of art from the viewpoint of his dark and slaughterous appetite. It was a gory monument to behold, something that he otherwise wouldn’t be able to delight in if he'd been in his mind’s clarity. It was all so foggy now and in a way that made Dean feel as if he’s always been like this. For some reason it also tempted him to let this hidden specter of him be set in concrete. He wanted to let his mind be free from the restraints of morality, and he wanted to allow himself to everlastingly indulge in the serene adrenalin whenever he’d carve out the lives of these filths.
“Special…” Dean scoffed and smiled down at his beer. He usually smiled whenever he thought of the irony of his life, it was hilarious in a way. Nothing about his life had been anything close to ordinary. He had never gotten to be anything but special. His and Sam’s life was morphed into a damned shitstorm from the day their mother was murdered by Azazel so many years ago. Sam had tried to turn his back on this life, he tried to flee and actually went to college, trying to live ordinary. But Sam had been pulled back. Just as when Dean had tried the same with Lisa. The Winchester’s can’t be anything but special, there’s no escape from that. They are cursed to live this life…
Cas breathed at him, with a moan tightly followed. Dean could swear he heard something squishy too, and he didn’t have to open his eyes to figure out what it was. Because with each wet sound Castiel would noise a pleasured growl.
“Dean.” Castiel demanded and pressed his fingers up against Dean’s chin. No more persuasion was needed. Dean spat it out on Castiel’s fingers and got up on the bed like an obedient dog. He couldn’t help but to feel ashamed over liking the dominance so much, he was behaving like some damn sex slave.
“Ah, right… So, you’re a dirty angel?” Dean asked with a lustful smirk. He knew Castiel wouldn’t get the hint that he was sex-talking him, he was too literal.
I just want answers here, Cas. I saw him die, I saw his body burn but your message… Just- Is he alive?”
Cas raised his chin which made Dean’s finger slide out of his mouth, having him growl at the loss of sensation he wanted to feel more off,
“Aight, I’ll think about it.” Dean said and placed the list on the nightstand, he was going to think about it,
“Cas, j-just…” He complained feeling defeated, but morphed that emotion into being pissed off instead,
“So, a demon huh.” Dean said and took a slow sip on his beer while letting that sentence sink through him down to his merrow. Eyes gazing further in the distance like he could see through the wall that was in front of him in the bar. He didn’t really know how to feel about it. Everything had felt different since he woke up, like he was slipping in and out of a weird haze of emotions. The only thing he could compare it to was when Sam had performed one of their many at home surgeries. They had been on a hunt where a shapeshifter had fired towards Dean with a shotgun and some of the shards pierced through his skin. He had been lucky, the shapeshifter sucked at aiming so it could have been much worse,
Sam raised his eyebrows and rolled his eyes with a sigh at Dean’s snappy attitude. Palms up in the air as he shrugged. “I don’t know, I wasn’t here Dean- I only saw the state of..." Sam nodded to Cas, very discreetly. " Anyway, I was busy chasing that cherub well past midnight trying to bring him here.”
Feathers. Castiel. He was another thing that Dean didn’t know how to feel about. The memories of Cas bringing him back from the dead showered him with bad memories and a bitter taste in his mouth, hence he found himself gulping down the last of his beer to get rid of it.
Castiel hugged him tightly and aggressively, senses all cloaked and just fucking into Dean on full throttle. And damn did it hurt despite Castiel’s mojo warming Dean’s ass up
“Relax, Sparkles. You know, marriages rarely last, especially when the maid is a sassy succubus.” Crowley winked.
In a groggy state he slowly sat up and looked around only to find himself alone in the woods. At the palms of his hands that propped him from the ground, he sensed something soft and powdery. Dean looked down and found that he sat on top of a pile of ashes and charred wood.
As he rinsed himself off in the faucet and tucked his privates away, it just occurred to him that he had never truly told Dean about any of this. How much he did care for him and how deeply his affection was rooted… and maybe that’s why he couldn’t let Dean die in peace. It was selfish, but the thought of Dean Dead without Cas never getting to tell him about this felt unfair. After everything they’d gone through, Dean deserved to know while he himself deserved some kind of closure that he didn’t even know until now that he craved. He just hoped that the seed wasn’t too corrupted or broken now, before this could happen.
“I... I could erase your memory Dean. You wouldn’t recall anything about yesterday.” Castiel offered, taking a step forward.
Castiel had snorted out the whiff he had inhaled of Dean’s scent when the hand struck him, but didn’t do anything to claim a revenge. He just sat there rubbing his cheek with sad eyebrows, puppy eying the bed. “I’m sorry... The cherubs spell is making me…
, he thought. And at that the smallest amount of relief ran through his body, at least he hadn’t forgotten about speech. If he got hit by something it missed that area of his brain.
But as soon as he plopped into his seat and sighed out his frustration Dean found that he wouldn’t get to be alone inside the car either.
“He interrogated me of my momentarily activities. I am perplexed as to why.” Castiel explained with the same confusion on his voice that he felt in his mind.
Chap warning because I don't know how to tag this: Cas is initially tied, Dean kisses him, he gets released, then dicks are being rubbed.
“Come on darling, don’t be such a worrywart! Thanks to Feathers you’ve got a second chance in life, albeit different, don’t get me wrong, but a great one at that. With me here to guide you of course.” Crowley replied and waved at the bartender to get a refill of Glencraig for himself and a glass for Dean.
…” Cas muttered in a growl and stopped their naked dance abruptly. Dean hadn’t noticed it before, but Cas was out of breath, panting with his lips parted and looking as flushed as Dean felt. His hands were propped beside both sides of Dean’s head, hovering over him like an erotic blanket. Shiny with sweat which smelt as celestial as the angel’s whole appearance appeared, just looking at him was enough to keep Dean’s orgasm building to the near brink-
The taste of iron haunted his mouth as he coughed up a splotch of something that could only be blood, it was hard to breathe.
It was a mess, but it didn’t bother Cas. He still hadn’t quite gotten used to the concept of cleaning. -
“If you’re there I would.” Castiel answered as he gently slid the tip inside the hotness of Dean. Motioning it in and out slowly until he could feel the tightness relax around it.
The blood eagle for those who doesn't know is an execution mentioned in norse litterature, being viking age litterature. They would (though it is debated) actually keep the victim in a belly down position and detach the ribs from the spine and hang out the lungs like wings.
He didn’t get that same drunken ignition that sparked such ambiguous admiration. He didn’t get the same curiosity over how Dean would handle the next events coming at hand, how he’d deal with choices in his life. Such as those when the older Winchester had to pick between his sweet tooth or his taste for junk food, often settling for both in the end. He didn’t feel that way with Sam, although he of course cared for him a lot too. It was simply a different type of care.
“Do you have any fucking clue, what that feels like? To stand by in the dark, seeing it, every damn new wrinkle that grows on his face, while I… While I remain the same?!”
“Mind stepping aside for a bit, Sammy? I just need to talk with Cas in private for a while. Wouldn’t wanna embarrass him too much, aight?” Dean said, proceeding to nudge Sam at the door.
Castiel sighed and opened his eyes, staring into the lonesome void of the motel room. It was dark as he had pulled the blinds down a few days ago, though still some light seeped through from the sun outside between the springs, gossiping that it was day. It was bright enough for him to make out the two wrapped items laying on his bedside table, the only company he had in this room. And another reason of why he was hiding. It was the first blade and the broken angel tablet lying there.
“If Sam burned my body, then why the hell am I here?” He asked, almost forcing himself to sound frustrated but in truth he was more so curious at this point.
felt like the mange underneath his skin. He had probably had at least 10 showers since those three days ago… and at the very least the triple amount of that in units of alcohol partying with Crowley to purge his insides and try to think of anything else than Castiel.
Castiel gasped and clung onto himself, squeezing at this own skin, wiggling his hips and stretching his legs in the most adorable fashion. So new to the experience, having his cock sucked for the first time, and Dean loved that fact. He’s basically blowing an ancient being into oblivion, because Castiel sure as hell didn’t know where to put his hands. “Oh, Deaaan…” He whined on a gasp, finally choosing to grip at Dean’s fringe.
He didn’t want to be face to face with his phone, because he already knew who it was since the only contacts he had on his list were the Winchesters. It couldn’t be Dean since all of his possessions were stored inside the bunker.
“Yes, as a matter of fact it should, but then again I can’t really hope that you’d understand now could I? You got dressing there on the corner of your lip by the way.” Crowley said and brushed his finger on his own lip to show Dean where the garlic was. This was a perfect moment to piss him off, Dean thought.
He did feel that he had grown closer to Sam, and perhaps it could be nice to acquaint himself with Sam without his mind constantly stuck on Dean when he was around. But somehow he was certain that the bond would never quite be like the one he felt with his older brother. He had touched Sam’s soul many times before, and it never filled him with the same sense of emotion as it did with the Dean.
“Don’t lie to me boy. You’re forgetting, I’ve been dealing with liars alike since the bloody sixteen hundreds.” Crowley sighed. “I was telling you about the possibilities, Dean. Let it tickle your mind; with the blade of Cain you’ll be… inexpugnable, unreachable
bothered him on a nipples-perking-up level. With a mental resignation and a growled curse, he didn’t wave away Cas’s hands this time. It was no use. The angel would keep coming back and touch him anyway…And if he lets him, he won’t be startled by it anymore.
Cas nodded and gave him a shy smile. It was nice to feel that he wasn’t alone. All he had at this point was the Winchesters, despite only half of the cake as of now. At the moment it was enough for him to keep going.
Sam, he knows he should go back to him and confess the selfishness of his deeds and the consequences caused by them. The younger Winchester deserves an explanation, it’s what any good friend would do. But the thought of their friendship made the shame and guilt grow even more, a lump in his throat, uncomfortably human. He couldn’t face Sam; he didn’t deserve it.
He wouldn’t listen to it anymore. Dean turned his head to glance at the mirror wall beside the bed. Letting his eyes linger on the woman whimpering below him at the mercy of his bucking hips. Listening intently to her heated moans escaping from the softness of her plump and flushed lips, smeared with lipstick. It comforted him and grounded him, everything about her was beautiful and made him feel right. She was a perfect tool to occupy his mind with, to keep himself from listening and thinking. The warmth and wetness of her insides enveloping his own cock was a perfect argument to prove that this was enough, he didn’t need anything else. The voice in his head was
entering him. Startled, he rocked his body upwards with a weak yelp to get away from it, but found a force keeping his shoulders down firmly on the bed. He would’ve freaked out if it weren’t for Castiel being so calm… and focused.
Castiel thought. Because sapping Crowley into nothing would surely risk his grace being emptied out to the point where Sam would be rendered alone. Castiel would probably die along with the Demon.
With an exhausted grunt he got up as if sleep had rendered himself more tired than when he was going to bed, dragging the duvet down on the floor with his feet. He didn’t bother to pick it up, might as well air out the sweat-fest in the bed… and it wasn’t his job now was it? Room service was there for a reason.
. They were nothing but empty words… although words that left him agitated and feeling like a lunatic.
“Okay.” Cas echoed and went over to take a seat beside him, closer than what made Dean feel comfortable at this point.
His father had told him that people wasn’t their monsters to deal with. But what’s the difference between a shape shifter and a sociopath when you really think about it.
Since they left the left the shabby motel Castiel had filled Sam out on the details around the curse and the uncertainty of how he didn’t know if Dean truly would be resurrected. However discontent Sam had appeared as he learned of it all, he did imply that he would’ve probably done the same thing if he knew about it. Both of them had found themselves mute after that, left to their own thoughts or lack thereof as the seriousness of the situation grew on them. Crowley wanted the first blade in Dean’s hand which meant that an inevitable encounter with demons would happen at some point. A potential army against himself, an angel without his grace and Sam, one human. Albeit a Winchester.
seals broke, and even then when I touched his soul, Dean was not broken… Nothing can jeopardize his love for pie, nor his love for-“ He was going to say his love for Sam, but found himself interrupted by the sudden change of facial expression on Sam’s face.
Dean gasped feeling Castiel circling his hips around in smooth motions, and he could feel the warmth of his cock even through the sheets. Cas was pressing so hard down against Dean that his own dick was throbbing in a frustrating manor again. Dean wanted more.
Castiel and Dean now faced each other, but too far apart. Dean wondered who was going to step forward but soon found that Castiel had taken the initiative. This wasn’t new, being this intimately close to Cas. There had been moments before where he’d be eyed down like this. Where he made Dean feel so small and insecure in his own strength, it was silly, but still it made his cheek twitch.
Damn, Charlie counted too slow. Was she doing this on purpose? Cas’s breath on his skin made him feel queasy and weak to his legs. Did he dare to look him in the eyes, or would that make him feel even more weird?
“Do you have any fucking clue, Cas?!” Dean repeated with a roar that shocked the air around the cemetery, each wave felt a hammer hitting a nail to Castiel’s heart, deeper and deeper down. Then Dean turned around, his eyes black and demonic, staring at him. Betrayal stained his face which leaved Cas with the most bitter taste of hemlock in his mouth. He felt poisoned, poisoned by his own doing. It was all wrong. This wasn’t the end Cas had wanted.
“Indeed, you did. But congratulations on the victory against Metatron! Your death was not in vain.” Crowley said, clapping his hands together in a cheery voice with a hint of sadism plastered on his face, clearly enjoying Dean’s confusion more than he should.
Neither of them had any time to cuss or curse because Sam’s legs suddenly faltered and his long body crashed down into Castiel’s arm, limp and horrifyingly relaxed. Cas grew worrisome, feeling the stickiness back in Sam’s hair, and when he observed the palm of his hand he found it soiled in red.
Dean whined desperately, wondering over when he became such a confident… sadistic… son of a bitch in through clouds of pleasure taking over his body in a painful way.
Still, he couldn’t stop himself to think… if it had been Castiel’s lips he were kissing in this very moment. The surge of desire struck at him, and he felt his body melt into a pure heat-wave. He thrived on the want. He needed the want. He wanted to satiate the want. It was different, had turned different after the mark. He wanted to fulfill that need now – whereas he hadn’t before.
“Fuckin’ ay! I can get behind that!” Dean celebrated since drinking was one of his favorite activities.
The angel tugged him upwards with finesse, having Dean straddle him limp on his lap with arms around Cas’s shoulder. The angel kept fucking him into bliss, licking up traces of Dean’s come-streak where he could reach them, greedily with satisfied purring. As if Dean wasn’t overwhelmed and shivering enough in pleasured delirium.
” Cas vibrated at a low frequency, struggling to concentrate and keep himself at bay. He only managed to do that for a few second before reaching out the soggy hand this time to touch Dean’s face.
Despite everything Castiel had put him and Sam through, Dean would always forgive him. It made Castiel want to do better, to be worthy a presence in Dean’s company.
“Cas, it’s me! Please can you just open the door?” The man said, and Cas immediately recognized the voice –
If he knew how to turn off the sound he wouldn’t have to wake up and remember that his reality hadn’t been a dream, and he wouldn’t have to feel like a pathetic coward, hiding away at an old and murky motel room, surviving on cheese doodles and potato ships from the vending machine outside whenever he felt his stomach growl. Buying food and water was the only time he would get off his bed, if not to take a whiz or a shit whenever that need did occur. That was one of the cons of human needs, and he absolutely despised it.
Dean stared at him, his frustration growing every second for some reason of Castiel’s negligent behavior. As if whatever happened last night was something to
“Hello Dean, Charlie.” Castiel's voice was even deeper and more gravelly than usual as he squinted up at them from his blanket, clearly exhausted. “It went well, I hope?” he said quietly, not wishing to disturb the sleeping pair.
him, more like.” Jo murmured under her breath so only Bobby and Jess could hear. Bobby snorted and moved to settle back into the drivers seat as Jess struggled not to laugh.
Cas looked a little bashful at the praise. “I'm glad you like it.” he said humbly, stealing a strand of spaghetti from Dean's bowl and dangling it into his mouth. He chewed on it, grimaced and shrugged. “I wish I could enjoy it too.” he lamented.
Dean shrugged “Me either, maybe someone will figure it out one day.” he paused and brushed a hand through Charlie's hair “Looks like Sam isn't the only one in heat, sweetheart. I think you are too. Go drink some more tea and take a nap.”
Mary opened the door to her motel room, smiling as she greeted all of her boys. “Hey, boys. I thought you’d have been here a while ago, everything alright?” she asked, only slightly concerned. She did a double take at Castiel’s clothes, but said nothing, merely raised a curious eyebrow and looked at Dean who shrugged.
Dean stepped out from a nearby aisle looking relieved. “There you are, I've been talking to myself for five minutes, I turned around and you'd vanished.” he scolded.
Settling down against Santa's soft tummy, Jack accepted a cookie from Santa as Daddy wiped away the tears and snot from his face with a tissue.
The sun was beginning to get low in the sky and his bladder was screaming at him now. His kidneys were actually beginning to ache. He reluctantly abandoned his hiding place by crawling backwards and emerging behind the shrub he had been under for most of the day. He made his way to his temporary camp site, only stopping briefly take a well deserved piss. He tried not to make an audible sigh of relief as the pressure on his aching bladder was finally released.
Bobby looked thoughtful. “All the farming and trading, huh? You any good at it?” he said his eyes narrowing.
. She kicked my ass up and down that garden, throwing anything she could pick up in my direction,when she couldn't reach me to whack me that is. The noise attracted people from the other side of the settlement, it was such a ruckus. So the entire settlement watched your mama beat my ass as I whimpered like a beaten dog. I had no sympathy from anyone. They were all relying on your mama's medicines too. But the ass whoopin' I got from her was bad enough that it stopped anyone else thinking about kicking my ass, they figured I'd been punished enough.”
Jack forgot about the tears and babbled excitedly. Telling Santa about he and his Daddy making and icing the cookies, even though Daddy had to help Jack with the icing because it was really hard to get it on the cookie and he hardly got any on himself at all. But Papa had to help him in the bath because he got some icing in his hair and he doesn't get bubbles in Jacks eyes like Daddy does.
“It is kinda beautiful.” Dean agreed. “Peaceful too. You can kind of imagine what it was like when there were no people in the world.”
Dean dropped a kiss on her head and sighed. “I'll admit to being nervous about mating. It's forever, y'know? But I guess that's why we're courtin' first. So we can find out if we can put up with each others shit or not.” he said with a shrug.
Sam realised he was superfluous to this conversation and probably making Deans discomfort worse, so he cleared his throat and picked up the groceries. “I'll just put these away and make some dinner, it'll be ready when you wake up.” he promised, sharing a look with Cas that told him they would be having a chat later, once Dean was asleep.
“Did Cas go to get Jack already? I thought he was helping you get to sleep first?” he asked, stepping inside and frowning at the half empty bottle and his brothers glazed puffy eyes.
They finished up the game and helped Mary clean up her room of pizza boxes and soda cans, Cas took the bag of trash out to the dumpster so Mary wouldn’t have to sleep in a room that smelled of stale pizza all night.
“You may need glasses if you insist on reading some of these books.” Cas chided mildly. “Also, these chairs are not made for men of your stature, both you and Sam have to hunch over and it puts tension into your neck and shoulders.” he said, glaring at the offending chairs as if he was considering smiting them.
“Cas, that is a level of pettiness that I didn't think you had in you. Well done, man. I'm actually a little proud.” he said, sounding it.
As he reached the end of the opening chapter, he looked up to see that Dean had fallen asleep, his hands tucked under his head on the arm of the chair and one foot pulled up underneath himself. He looked peaceful as he snored quietly next to the warmth of the fire.
Betas were sterile, still considered worthy due to being naturally level headed and not a slave to biology.
“Walk me to my truck?” he questioned and Dean nodded again, taking Castiel's hand and allowed himself to led outside.
Could he really make a go of things with him? Could they be together, as a couple? How would their family dynamic change? How would a relationship even work between them? An angel and a human were so different.
“Alright, I’m gonna put this rock in your hand, then I’m gonna spin you and point you in the direction of the can and then you throw the rock, okay?” said Dean, grabbing Cas by the biceps, trying not to appreciate how strong they felt.
I've been told I don't put enough tags/warnings so I apologise if anyone was upset by that, I'll try to do better.
Dean sighed with relief as the headache that had been blooming behind his eyes and the ache in his neck and shoulders eased in seconds. The pleasant tingle that followed and rolled down his spine made him shudder. “Thanks, man.” he said gratefully.
“Yeah, probably ran over a nail or something. My brother’s on his way with a spare, then we’ll be on our way, my Mom will be worried, you know how Moms are.” he said, with a friendly smile.
Cas cleared his throat and went for a change in subject. “You said we were going for ice-cream after? Is there something special about this place?” he asked, grabbing some napkins to mop up the iced tea that Jack had spilled on the table.
Sam's eyes were in danger of bulging out of his head at his brothers admission. It showed that something had been brewing for a long time in his head. He had mellowed for a few years, but just recently had seen a resurgence of his meat head tendencies and his temper was flaring more often.
Charlie sighed “I never understood why Alphas get so territorial over their mates. I mean, it's not like a mated Omega smells good to an unmated Alpha, or a lesbian Omega for that matter. It's kinda gross actually.” she said wearily, her cheeks were flushed, her eyes were a little glassy and her scent had taken on a heavier tone.
Cas crawled into his lap, still kissing, his own hands roaming from Deans broad shoulders down his front where he circled Deans nipples, pinching him gently and making him gasp into Cas’ mouth.
Cas looked thoughtful. “From a tactical perspective, very sound reasoning. I’m impressed.” he said, giving Dean his signature half smile.
“I should be weirded out by that, but I’m not. I’m too damned comfortable.” Dean said, lazily. “You make a comfy body pillow.”
An idea suddenly formed in Castiels mind on how he would gain access to the outpost. The rattlesnake was his ticket inside. Now he just had to catch it and avoid being struck.
“I'll have to give Cas some more medicine soon, Bobby doesn't want to stop again.” she said in explanation, waving to her mate driving the other truck.
“I guess we’d better teach Cas too. If his Mojo ever goes on the fritz again, it’s a skill he should have. The dumb ass would probably forget he can’t breath underwater and drown.” Dean said, thoughtfully, tapping his hands on the wheel to the music.
Dean had dragged himself out of bed at first light, his father and Bobby had left the previous week to hunt game for trading and winter stores, so he only had to worry about feeding himself and Sam. Bobby had a large selection in his stores, and Dean had taken inventory for Bobby a few days prior, so he had a good idea of what he could throw together for breakfast.
Dean was at the table in the library going through a checklist of what they would need for a week, they had decided to buy provisions when they arrived in Maine, no-one wanted to risk anything spoiling in Baby's trunk.
Sam sighed, his face a mask of relief. “That’s good, Dean. I’m not gonna push you, I doubt Cas will either. But we’re here for you, whenever you’re ready.” he assured.
Dean arched an eyebrow. “Hmmm. Shouldn't I be sitting in Santa's lap when you ask me that question?” he flirted back.
Long story short, I dislocated both arms in a freak accident. Sooo, pretty much anything was out of the question for a while. Barring anymore freak accidents (entirely possible with me, I assure you) this story should be back on a regular posting schedule.
Their faces were inches apart. Dean could see the dark blue of the Alphas eyes and the sincerity in them.
Jack nodded enthusiastically. “Yes, Daddy, I promise.” he said, already scrambling out of bed, his pyjamas twisting up around his body.
Dean made an exaggerated snoring sound and pantomimed falling asleep. “Ugh, booor-ing. At least read an adventure book or somethin' about dragons or some shit.” he hiccuped and slumped slightly further into the chair.
Sam stopped and looked at Dean incredulously. “Sure, you want me to tell her that word for word, because I think you'd look really funny trying to eat with no teeth.” he said raising an eyebrow.
Cas still had his head buried in Deans neck as they both crouched on their knees on the floor. Dean leaned his his cheek against Cas' head and began stroking the Alphas hair.
He also came to the realisation that there were too few Betas here. Betas usually accounted for around 75-80% of the population. So far as he could make out, only 30% of this settlement were Betas. He suspected he knew the reason, but didn't want to linger on that thought. It didn't stop it from haunting his dreams though.
“Sam, get it together son. Help Jess to carry her gear. I'm just gonna go ahead and let 'em know we're here, stay with the truck until I come back and tell you it's safe.” said Bobby, squinting into the dim forest.
He didn't think he could take seeing Sam or Cas flinch when he lost his temper or the look in either of their eyes when he spewed the poisonous vitriol that horrified him when he calmed down enough to actually think about what he had done and said. He was tired of the facade of
Dean jumped into the cabin quickly followed by Cas, who immediately pulled out a gun. “I guess you really are sittin' shotgun” quipped Dean, as he snatched the keys from Cas, picking out the truck key and inserting it into the ignition. Cas rolled his eyes, but smiled. The engine roared to life, the silence shattered and Dean shouted “Hold on!” and stamped on the accelerator, the truck jumped forwards throwing a huge cloud of dust in it's wake.
Dean sat back, wiping at his face and looking defeated. “I dunno, man. But, I think I need a break.” he admitted reluctantly, not meeting the eyes of either of the other men. He suddenly looked older than his forty years, hollowed out somehow.
Dean groaned again as he realised just how much he had revealed. “Oh my god.” he curled up, covering his burning face with his hands. “If you'll excuse me, I've reached my limit on humiliation today, so I'll just go ahead and die now.”
“We’ll figure out something. I know it’s a lot to ask, but after Michael, I just can’t do this any more. I’m so fucked up, Sam, it ain’t funny. Any more of this life and I’m gonna either end up wearing a straitjacket, or I’m gonna eat a bullet if a monster don’t get me first.” Dean growled out.
Mary frowned. “Why? In everything you’ve gone through, he was right there with you. Let him support you while you recover. That’s what being with someone means. Letting them in. You can still work on yourself, just let him be a part of it.” she advised.
Dean looked over at Cas and smiled softly. “Eh, normally I’d say hell no. But it’s got to taste better than that soda. Maybe I’ll give it a try.” he said.
“Do you want me to touch you too?” Cas asked, leaning forward slightly, pushing his dick into Deans hand a little rougher than Dean had been doing so far.
He surmised that this was probably the case for all of the male Betas. It made him sick to his stomach.
“An app. For phones. It can have a ton of information on it for hunters. Sam could program it with a reference chart on it. Along with instructions for killing monsters and such. He can also put a noticeboard section with hunts available, if he wants.” Jack said with a shrug. He looked at the three men staring open mouthed at him. “It’s just an idea.” he said shyly.
Jess was the first to jump out and she immediately ran to the back of the truck to grab her medical supplies. Her face was carefully blank as she mentally prepared herself for her patients.
“There you go, Cas. Try those. I bet it’s the sugar. You angels can’t seem to get enough of it.” Dean said, pleased to have found something that made Cas happy for once.
Jack pouted. “That sucks.” he said, before flopping back down onto his pillow. “Papa, rub my back again.” he demanded.
Jack nodded. “Okay, Castiel is in his room, changing his clothes. He said Jody gave him a cover for the truck bed, and he dumped the hay in a cow field so most of the camping gear can go in the truck.” he said as he began to walk away.
The woman gave Dean an odd look filled with sympathy. “Sweetie, you ain't gotta worry about me or Jake here. We don't give a rats ass who you love. But if you ain't ready, that's fine too, baby. If you say you're just friends, that's your business. I'm just sayin', the way you was lookin' at'cha boy in there, that was not friendly.” she said, arching her eyebrow.
“You haven't changed a bit. You're still just as much of a dick as you always were.” said Cas, rolling his eyes.
“Hang on. I think I got it....URGH!” she whipped her empty hand out and cringed and gagged. “There's something...
“We're here, idjits.” he gruffed, trying not to smile at the three pairs of eyes glaring daggers at him in the reflection in his rear view mirror.
Dean crawled up the bed and laid back on the pillows with his knees in the air. “I never thought about it to be honest.” he admitted. “But, now I am, and I kinda like the idea. I mean, we have the money, time and space for another kid. How would we even go about it though? Adoption? Surrogacy? It's not like I can pop a kid out, like, ever.” he said, thinking aloud.
On a good note, I adopted a dog! He is a gorgeous Lab/Brittany cross that we named Bowie. I think my husband loves him more than me already. I'm ok with that, he is super cute.
“No. I just-” Cas paused and huffed in frustration. The curtain was pulled back with a snap and Cas stepped out.
Dean grinned. “Yeah? That's great. I'll just have some toast for now. My stomach is a little queasy this morning. I'm gonna go get a shower and I'll meet you in the kitchen, okay?” he said, opening his bedroom door again.
It was too early for his scent to change, that usually happened about a month in. They wouldn't know for sure until then. Sam didn't feel any different, a little tired, but heats had always left Sam exhausted, no matter how long they lasted.
Sam shrugged. “Both? Look, you aren’t the only one burned out. I’m pretty much done too. But I can’t walk away entirely. This way I could have it all. I’ll still be helping people, but in a way that means I can have a life too.” he said, smiling.
“Wait here, Cas.” he whispered as he took off at a low run into the darkness. “Wait!” hissed Cas grabbing for Dean and missing. He could do nothing but sit and silently fume as the minutes ticked by.
“Emotional? That's completely normal, Dean. I think we're all a little emotional right now. It's a lot to process.” said Cas kindly.
John could see the deer hiding in the undergrowth, it's breath visible in the cold autumn morning air. He slowly moved into position on the platform above the forest floor, mindful of spooking the animal and losing his prey. He lined up his shot, aiming for the spot just below the ear that would finish the animal quickly and cleanly. He took a steadying breath and on the exhale, fired. The deer dropped almost soundlessly, dead instantly. Smaller animals scattered and birds took to the air as the sound of the shot echoed through the forest. John looked over at where Bobby was similarly situated, on another platform further downstream and gave a thumbs up to confirm the kill. Bobby returned the thumbs up and made ready to climb down and help with the carcass. John did the same.
Dean chuckled. “Believe it or not, Jack is adopted. Just dumb luck he looks like Cas.” he said, glossing over the fact that Cas wasn’t his ‘fella’. It felt kind of nice for a moment to imagine being a real family. A normal family.
“Wha- Cas? What are you doin'?” Dean objected, although he made no move to remove his hand from Castiel's.
My productivity came to a screeching halt when my doctor upped my meds. As we say where I live "I can't tell my arse from my elbow". The doctor assures me that I'll get used to them. I hope so, I only get around two hours a day that I'm not a zombie.
He frowned as he looked at the mouth of the cave, someone was in residence. The light of a fire could be seen near the widest part of the opening. The smoke blending in to the thick mist that was an almost permanent feature of this part of the mountains.
lonely.” he snapped, the Alpha was too far into his space and smelled of chewing tobacco and body odour. He readied himself for a fight.
“You feel- so good. So good, Dean.” Cas panted, his hips slamming into Dean over and over. “I need to you come up, I need to touch you.” he growled, gripping Deans hips and lifting him effortlessly.
“He's somewhere in the Grand Canyon. It's the only place he could hide so effectively” said Castiel, his expression bleak. A few seconds passed.
Mary looked thoughtful. “Okay. Well, we obviously need to all sit down together and talk about this as a family. You boys go off and enjoy your camping trip, I’ll meet you back at the bunker once I’ve wrapped this hunt up with Bobby. We’re all gonna have to make some changes, I guess.” she said with a shrug.
Cas ignored his tone and merely continued soothing Dean, muttering “Nightmare.” gripping Deans shirt possessively, fixing Bobby with a glare and barely suppressing a growl.
He was within a few feet of the top when the winch suddenly stopped and he heard a muttered “Fuck!”. Then he heard the door to the outbuilding swing open and then nothing.
“Okay Sam, I want you to drink as much of that water as you can. Sip it, don't gulp it, or it'll come right back up.” he handed the flask to Sam and wrapped the blanket loosely around his shoulders.
It was Deans turn to smile “Well, alright then. You ready?” He gestured to the door and the rest of the compound.
Deans orgasm was intense, come coating his and Cas’ hands as his whole body curled over with a loud groan.
Dean looked up at his brother. “Yeah, Cas isn’t as innocent as we thought. Turns out he was a little bit of a man whore actually. Had several fuck buddies of the male
Deans eyebrows almost met his hairline and the hand in Cas' hair stalled briefly before he resumed stroking.
“Looks like a Chupacabra. Nothing more dangerous than that, I promise.” she reassured. Dean relaxed again.
Dean stood up, patting Charlie on the shoulder as he passed her, he approached the tarp where Amy was holding it back so Ellen could enter the sectioned off area.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Castiel cleared off most of the desk and laid the map out flat, pinning down the edges with weights. Michael would want evidence, so Castiel organised the stack of witness statements and his own notes into neat piles and laid them down next to the map. Satisfied, Castiel stood the other side of the desk and waited for Michael to appear. He didn't have to wait long, Michael burst in the door looking eager, rubbing his hands together.
Deans eyebrows almost disappeared into his hair in surprise as he looked between Sam and the blonde female Alpha.
As soon as Dean turned his back on his brother, Sam struck, flicking Dean's ear painfully and dancing away when Dean whirled around. “Fuckin' OW Sam!” He lunged at his giant sized brother as Sam dodged and weaved away, leading Dean on a chase around the room.
“No. No, I'm sorry. It's just that Charlie thinks we're one of those sickly sweet couples that everyone pretends to hate but secretly loves. I just realised she's right. We totally are. It's sickening.” laughed Dean.
“I wouldn't dare anyway” Sam laughed “He'd just smack me across the back of the head and call me an idjit”.
Dean ran his hands over Cas’ torso, it felt a little weird. Girls bodies were soft, whereas Cas was solid, firm and as muscled as his own.
“SAM!!” Dean almost screamed, as he tore away from Bobby and ran at his brother, who whipped around in shock.
This chapter isn't as long as the last one, but was a bitch to write. I managed to creep myself out writing the section on Dean's POV.
Dean bit his lip and nodded. “I can’t stop thinking about it. I’ve had a boner all day.” he laughed.
Wordlessly, Cas and Dean worked together, tucking Jack in and turning on his night light before slipping silently from the room and across the hall to their own room. Closing the door, Dean leant against it and sighed heavily.
“You, shut up. This is all your fault. None of this would have happened if it wasn't for you!” growled Dean, the pain of his broken arm adding an extra layer of venom to his voice.
Cas smiled softly. “Lets go. I promise, you'll only be out for a couple of hours. Sam and I will have dinner ready and then we'll talk a little more later, okay?”
Dean frowned. “No, Sam. And anyway, Cas would be able to tell if I was under a spell.” he reminded, his tone clipped.
Dean looked guilty as he struggled to hang on to his son who was screaming for his Papa. He turned to his husband with a devastated look on his face. “Uh, Santa? I think we need a new plan.” he said, with an edge of desperation.
“Cas, I know your instincts are really hard to ignore, but you really shouldn't be out of bed.” said Jess gently. Dean gasped pulling back hurriedly and Cas gripped harder, trying to pull him back into his arms and growling louder.
Dean sighed and dropped his chin to his chest. Life would be so much simpler if celestials weren’t so damned literal.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Well, duh. You dork.” said Dean, with a laugh. “Or did the kiss not give that away?”
Dean felt like an asshole. He stepped back with a contrite look on his face. “I dunno. Partly to shock Sam, partly to brag about how hot you are?” he said, guiltily.
Dean laughed. “Nuh-uh. No take backs, babe.” he said, pushing Cas off so he could sit up. “I'll bring him in with us tonight. That way, we might get
Benny smiled and nodded. “No problem, I'd do the same in your position.” he nodded to Charlie, who ran off towards the outcropping.
Jack looked disappointed, but no less eager. “Oh. Is there nothing else?” he said, hopping from foot to foot.
Charlie continued, looking a little flustered “I mean, 'cause at first you were all like, “Rawr! Me big bad Alpha!” y'know all bamf and stuff. Little scary if I'm honest, but you saved us. Then you saved us again and got really hurt doing it. You didn't lie to us, you told us you wanted to see us to safety and you did that. Did you leave out some details? Yes, but I can totally see why.” she looked up and shrugged as Dean stared at her.
“The guy is a total dork, goes overboard on the hugs and keeps trying to cheer me up with a sock puppet” said Sam, chuckling “But yeah, he does kinda grow on you.”
Den nodded and waited at the door until Cas waved him in as he listened to Claire speaking. He stepped in and stood awkwardly by the dresser that Cas had placed a few seemingly random items on, menu's from diners they had visited or an interesting rock and even a small white feather.
“Get off him, boy. The poor fella's been through enough without you trying to suffocate him.” said Bobby, dragging Rumsfeld off of Sam and kneeling down to check him for injuries.
“When you were with those guys, the ones you slept with? Which one were you? Like were you the one on top, or..?” Dean asked, his cheeks a little pink.
Before Dean could even blink the stranger gave a lightning fast jab to Alistair's throat as he turned, silencing him, and then just as quickly, whipped a canvas bag over his head, moving behind him again, still gripping the bag. The lantern dropped and Dean had just enough presence of mind to grab it before it smashed and placed it out of reach.
“Naw, we got 'em all. No-one left to go get help. We were just bein' cautious is all. Dean's been fit to burst about seein' his brother, you wanna go get him and I'll take you into camp?” said Benny quietly.
The week before he left, he had compiled the evidence and written his reports for Michael. Bobby had made meticulous copies of everything, his sharp eyes spotting patterns that Castiel had not.
Mary sighed. “Talk to him, tell him how you feel. He’s probably just as scared as you are. He’s not human, so you have to be extra careful to communicate. He won’t just know, you’ll have to tell him, everything. Don’t keep secrets, learn from my mistakes.” she said sadly.
“We weren't raised in a clan. Our settlement burned to the ground when Sammy was a baby and my dad kept us movin' after that. With two un-mated male Omegas, it made some settlements nervous that they'd be made a target for raids, others were a little
Seeing a shadow, Dean expected that the Alpha was back again, but looked up to see Sam leaning in the doorway, both hands on either side of the frame.
“Uh-oh. Kids gonna blow.” Dean warned, reaching for a pile of napkins in case Jack threw up at the table.
Cas shook his head as he placed the loose change in the jar on Deans desk. “I know.” he said quietly with a small shrug.
He looked around the floor for the slippers he had found when they had first moved into the bunker and saw them sticking out from under the bed. He rolled onto his side, smooshing his face into the covers and groped around blindly trying to reach them and put them on.
Cas didn’t answer, he merely undid the tie to his shorts with one hand, loosening the waistband of his shorts with the other.
“It's looking good, no signs of infection, and he's beginning to pink up. He's not losing anymore blood. He's a little dehydrated, we'll get some water in him once he starts to wake up. Maybe a little thin broth if he can handle it. I'll make the poppy syrup a little weaker today, I want him sitting up by this afternoon.” said Jess, back to business.
“Dean, if you get tired, I can drive too. We can swap over now if you like. It's not like you got any sleep last night.” said Jo, hopefully.
Hearing footsteps in the doorway, Cas looked up to see Benny rolling his eyes and calling back towards the kitchen. “I found him, looks like he decided to keep Cas company.”
The scent of distress must have finally filtered out to the rest of the house as several sets of hurried footsteps started coming from the direction of the kitchen towards the library.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Oh, a bath! Dibs on the first one! I feel like I've been dirty forever and I smell like a peasant.” groaned Charlie, settling in to her bed.
Dean looked uncomfortable. “I'm not brave Cas, I'm a fuckin' coward. If I'd have said somethin' earlier, you wouldn't have been thinkin' you did somethin' wrong. I'm so sorry, Cas. I didn't mean to make you feel bad.” he said, tears spilling over and pouring down his face.
“I was. I am. But I'm still figuring it out, Cas. I don't want to get your hopes up, man. I don't know if I can go there.” he said, honestly.
“Thank you, Castiel. For helping Dean. For bringing my brother back to me. I'll never be able to repay you.” said Sam, gravely.
“Nah, it's only home if you've got folks that make it that way. My clan was dyin' out, too many beta births and one raid too many. Happens sometimes to the smaller, more isolated clans. It's why I had no kin left when I met Andrea.” said Benny sadly.
Dean shrugged, trying to play off being called out on his rudeness. “Whatever, I can still run faster than her.” he said cockily.
After scoping out the main settlement, he had moved on to the outposts. Again, their arrogance amazed him. It was almost too easy to sneak in and snoop around. He had identified where they stored the boats they used for raiding, a weapons store, several warehouses stocked with everything from corn to cotton, a large stable of horses, an engineering yard with a fleet of vehicles and several farms. He marked them all on his map, and made copious notes in a small notebook, both would be essential when planning to bring down Lucifer.
Cas' eyes went wide. “Well, we have to go in there at some point, Dean.” he said trying not to laugh.
Cas nodded. Fresh tears were rolling down his face. He looked at the floor with his hands in the pockets of his trench coat.
Cas lifted his arm and landed an upside down kiss on his husbands brow. “No idea, kindergarten? Or one of those Christmas movies you two have watched perhaps? It's not a terrible idea though, what do you think?” asked Cas, trying to sound nonchalant but the slight crack in his voice gave him away.
Sam looked down at himself and realised how he must look. He was covered in blood, both his and his fathers, also soot from the fire and vomit. He sipped the water gratefully, trying manfully not to gulp it. Bobby watched for a second, apparently satisfied Sam wasn't going to make himself sick again, he went back to the truck.
“What are we going to do?” Cas asked. “I don't want to lose you” he whispered, looking heartbroken at the thought.
“Hey, I’m gonna grab a quick shower. I got swamp ass from sitting in a hot car all day.” Dean called out, heading to the bathroom with his wash bag.
Two weeks after Castiel's first driving lesson, he was now driving like a pro. Dean had even shown him how to make minor repairs and perform maintenance on the truck. Between them, the truck was now in pretty good shape. The interior had been stripped out and replaced before handing the keys to Cas, Dean had insisted he could still smell the dead bandit no matter how well he and Sam had cleaned the truck prior to the journey back to Bobby's. Now it was kitted out with under-seat storage, a new all weather cover for the back and a tow-bar. Dean had stripped down the engine and inspected every part, cleaning or replacing anything that wasn't up to his exacting standards. Bobby had installed several false panels to hide weapons, ammo or even spare fuel. The tires were replaced and were the type guaranteed not to go flat, even on the roughest road.
“I found 'em. But I wanted to get the guy at the top. I wanted to bring all of them down. So, I joined 'em so I could get close.” he paused, taking off his hat and running his hands through his hair.
Dean nodded, taking one of the meat skewers and blowing on it, cooling it enough before biting into the meat with gusto. With his mouth full he finally answered “Yeah, a bath sounds good right now, we're gonna all be up close and personal in the truck for a couple more days, might be better not to smell bad. I'll go down to the river once you come back.”
Jack nodded. “Yes, thank you. I- I don’t think I should eat any more ice-cream though.” he said looking crushed at the melting puddle in his bowl.
Cas moaned. Dean felt powerful again. Here was a mighty angel of the lord panting and about to come because of Dean.
Reluctantly, Dean switched off the string lights and the tree plunging the room into near darkness, lit only by the light in the hallway leading to the bedrooms. He did one last sweep to make sure the house was secure and headed off to Jacks bedroom.
“Thanks, did Sam make this?” said Dean, indicating the tea. Charlie nodded and blew gently over the cup, trying to cool it before taking a sip.
“He didn't want to stay and make me feel pressured, I kind of get the feeling he's embarrassed too. He was gonna go away for a while, let things calm down a bit. I talked him out of it. He shouldn't be alone. He needs us. We're a family no matter what.” said Dean, a little more sober than before.
Cas huffed a laugh. “I don't doubt that Jess would kick your ass, my ass or anybody's ass who even looked at Sam the wrong way. So punching is probably not the way to go.” he leaned forward, suddenly looking serious and Deans grin fell off his face and he sat up straight. “I'm afraid there is only one option left for you, Dean.”
“Michael is utterly without mercy. It just doesn't even enter his mind to consider it. He is absolute. When he broke the deal he made with Dean, he didn't do it out of malice. He did it because he didn't consider Dean to be anything other than a tool for him to use.” Cas said bitterly. “The cruellest torture is indifference.”
Jo woefully attempted an innocent face “Oh, sorry. Am I stepping on your toes? Just say the word and I'll stand aside.” she said smartly.
Jess' smile was back. “You can thank me by being a good patient and getting better. Now shall we see about those pants?” she laughed as Cas looked excited at the prospect of modesty. “Yes. I think I made Dean uncomfortable yesterday when I accidentally kicked the blanket off. I got tangled and he had to help me. I fear I may have embarrassed us both.” Cas whispered and Jess burst out laughing. “Yes, Charlie told us about that. Don't worry, it's not something either of you have to be embarrassed about. Dean just got a little defensive and he makes it too easy to tease him.”
“Hello, your majesty” said Dean, flopping heavily into the chair and frowning at the stew now dripping down the front of his shirt. Wiping it off with a piece of flatbread, he shrugged and ate it much to Charlie's visible disgust.
“Hey, Cas. Did you manage to get him to agree? Is he alright? What did he say to you about what's going on in his head?” Sam fired off a barrage of questions as soon as the angel stepped into the kitchen.
“The meat is ready, there is some flat bread and goat cheese in the bag, and water in the flask. Once the girls come back, I think I'll take a bath myself. I imagine after you've eaten you'll want the same?”
Dean stepped towards his husband and straightened his hat and wig. “I know you do, you big softy. He just got overwhelmed, this is the first Christmas he really understands and he can participate in properly. I promise, we haven't scarred him for life.” he reassured.
“Yes, you probably should. But I ask that you do not share this information with your network. It would jeopardise my mission and place all of us in danger.” said Castiel gravely.
Ellen and Amy were sitting at the table, peeling potatoes that were being put into a large pan of water. Matthew was on the floor with Garth, who had some sort of puppet on his hand that Matthew was fascinated with. The puppet was the creepiest thing Cas had ever seen. The dog snored and drooled in his usual spot near the warmth of the stove.
Dean woke to the sound of a slamming door and shushing noises somewhere in the corridor outside his room. He yawned and stretched, rolling onto his back and letting out a grunt as his vertebrae made a satisfying popping sound. He sat up, rubbing the sleep from his eyes with the heels of his hands and groaned as his head swam a little. He felt a little green around the gills from the whiskey he'd downed the night before. It was nothing a few pieces of toast and couple of cups of coffee wouldn't fix. Although a couple of pain pills would probably go a long way as well. He burped and grimaced, maybe a couple of antacids too. Fuck, he was getting old.
Dean's heart sank. He could smell the Alphas sadness and he knew he needed to explain why he was running hot and cold. He stood up completely and looked Cas in the eye, knowing that Cas probably needed some reassurance of his own. Taking the Alphas hand in his, he kissed him gently before taking a deep breath.
Cas slept deeply, the poppy syrup doing its job of keeping him comfortable. Jo and Dean kept a watchful eye over their fellow patient, cushioning him over the occasional bit of rough ground that Bobby was forced to take.
Sam chuckled. “Nope, I'm doing that, Cas in on the radio. He asked to speak to Bobby first, but he wants to talk to you too. So go and see what your boyfriend wants 'cause it sounded important.”
“Go fish.” Dean said, picking up a slice of pizza and frowning when half of the cheese slid off, taking most of the toppings with it. “Damn it. I need two hands for this pizza.”
“Pulled down a lot of game this past few days, more than enough for winter for all of us, if you change your mind and decide to stay.” said Bobby as he watched John take a deep gulp from the flask.
“Cool, so where we headed?” said Dean. “Uh, about a mile ahead is a giant rock shaped like a boat, It's there.” said Cas, his expression relieved.
Dean staggered over to the fire and sat down, he smiled gratefully at Sam as he handed him a plate of food. The eggs were bland, but Dean couldn't be bothered to add salt, he drank his willow bark tea in one gulp and shovelled the food in as fast as he could before laying down gingerly on a bedroll and falling asleep instantly.
“It certainly won't hurt to have more than one medic, that's for sure. Dean's right, you would make a good medic.” said Sam, standing up from the table. “I'm gonna go find Jess, then I'll get cracking on marking those trees. I'll catch you later, guys.” he said moving towards the door.
Deans eyebrows rose almost to his hairline. “Whoa. Glad I missed that. The kids too young to date, though. I mean, he looks grown up, but he’s like a little kid really.” he said thoughtfully.
“No, no. I’m fine. Really.” Dean reassured. “Just being an idiot.” he laughed, mostly at himself. Getting flustered over a boy was such a teenage girl thing to do.
“Well, that's just stupid. Of course he'll have a place. I'll set him straight as soon as he gets here. We'll have a celebration and make him a part of it. Like he'll be a part of our lives going forward. I don't want my Sam to worry about anything.” Jess smiled and went up on tip toes again to kiss Sam gently on the mouth, smiling when he responded eagerly. The kiss became less gentle and more passionate as the bond hummed between them. The air became saturated with the scent of both Alpha and Omega arousal.
