And then Dad started taking them on the road, what couldn’t have been much more than a year after Mary died. Two young kids and their Pokemon, shoved into tiny cramped rental cars. Dad drove them out a lot, on some half-hatched plan to catch whoever
“She doesn’t remember them either, even though she’s older. We were sent to live with Zachariah Adler for a long time.”
“Dean.” Cas reaches a hand up, stretching toward Dean’s face. He can’t quite reach from this angle. “I want to be closer.”
,” he absolutely snaps. Dean gets a pretty distinctive whiff of the Cas that first dragged him out of Hell and scared the shit out of him by threatening to throw him right back. This is
Dean holds the door to his room open. Cas looks at him for a second, nods almost quick enough to miss, and steps inside.
As for the poor Burmys, all they can do is look at him balefully. They’re still raggedy, and their little beady eyes set almost mournful looks on him. “Sorry, buddies,” Dean murmurs. “A little… distracted.” He’ll give ‘em the trim of a lifetime some other day.
Vaporeon was the one constant in Dean’s life, the one thing that never left him. The one thing he knew – thought – he would never lose. He got her just two weeks after Mary died, when he was still shocked into mute grief. Sam had scooped up his Eevee from Dad and clutched at her desperately, practically chanting
Ah, fuck it. His back’ll ache for days, and he’ll probably stumble around a little when he tries to walk, but it’s gonna be the good type of ache, as opposed to his jaw feeling dislocated for a week because Cas could only hold his hips back so much when he needed it that bad. This is gonna be worth it.
And that’s not even counting the fact that Cas is warm with blood and throbbing like he’s just some other living, breathing person. Dean loves the full stiffness of his cock in his mouth, how oddly smooth it is, and all the salt-sour taste that only he knows. His hands find their way over Cas’ ribcage, and he’s sort of impressed with himself that he manages to keep them steady as he works on memorizing every groove, the rise and dip of his skin.
“You’re beautiful,” Cas presses on, kissing – oh, what the hell, he’s kissing the inside of Dean’s wrist. Dean is so fucking
Dean has a flash of hope that Tentacruel could resist. Pokemon, even those who have been with their trainers for a very long time, aren’t mindless automatons, even the mechanical ones like the Magnemite and Klink family. They know right from wrong, and as someone who’s known a lotta Pokemon and a lotta humans alike, Dean can say they’re better at it than most of humanity.
The bus ride is goddamn interminable today, and they’re not even stuck behind a traffic light. All around them, Pokemon and humans grumble alike. Dean’s pulled out the spray bottle he keeps in his bag to squirt on Vaporeon so she doesn’t start complaining; Cas has a hand placed firmly on Staraptor’s back, and Dean’s pretty sure that if he released her, she’d thwap her wings hard enough to rattle the windows.
“Gotta try the dorms, right?” he asks Cas. No one on the Carver campus gives them a second look. Dean thinks about all the unrest over in Edlund, and as tumultuous as it made, well, everything, the tranquility on this campus creeps him out even further.
Cas’ eyes widen and glitter from surprise and interest alike. Dean catches his face between his hands, and meets him in a kiss, long and slow and loving and so dirty at once. When he breaks away, it’s only to look over his shoulder at Baby and grin.
Dean was surprised by how dark Cas’ eyes were when the angel pulled one of the ridiculously expensive toys from the shelf. It’s a good thing he was invisible, because otherwise he would have just looked like a creepy guy in a flasher trenchcoat, staring way too intently at the fancy dildos, his chest visibly rising and falling. And Dean would’ve looked like a guy grinding the heel of his hand against his belly at that particular sight.)
. He’s a confident, well-off, independent human being that is completely capable and happy on his own.
“Are you new to this area?” Castiel asks, finishing up with his blade now and setting it back down on the counter—so he goes over to a large box with a temperature gauge on it. When he opens it up, steam billows out in thick curls, and Dean can see several towels rolled up inside.
He’s not gonna do this! He’s not going to find something redeeming about this fucker. Dean clenches his fist as he watches Castiel disappear around a corner.
Dean peeks over at the woman who is now doing her own acrobatics to avoid eye contact, but he's just grateful to have a way to get the attention back off of him. “Yeah? Who did you lose?”
” Castiel laughs, putting his arm around Dean’s shoulder to comfort him; but his miserable husband is devout in his misery now.
your fault. You can’t blame yourself for anything that man has done. You are not responsible for him, and what he did to you—to both of us … he’ll pay for it. I will make sure he pays for it.”
defending you.” The lights above the street catch the thin line of tears the are starting to collect in his eyes. “I was also defending
, concern that he’s crossed some line or hurt Dean’s feelings.  It’s thoughtful—and certainly not the typical “masculine” thing to do.
Dean peeks at him from the corner of his eye a moment, but then pulls them away again before Sam can catch him.
. Sam went from helping out his then-girlfriend by modeling in their college’s charity fashion show, to posing in
you’re interested in trying it out. Of course, if you just need a trim, I can do that too. Whatever you’d like.”
Dean considers himself an entrepreneur of sorts. He has built up a little business and not to mention, a name for himself among certain,
He is finally feeling the peace within this new life—and that peace comes with blue eyes and a deep voice, and a love and faith that Dean never knew he needed. That peace is his everything, and he will spend the rest of his days knowing it to be true.
The command makes Dean breathe even harder, and Castiel can see the way it makes the man’s cock twitch. “I want you to take me, Cas” Dean rasps, low and ravished, and just as hungry as Castiel. “
ever since he was pulling out of the airport’s parking lot, that he’s letting all this affect him way too much. After all, it’s not as if this is the
They first start out realistic enough. He’ll stop by—see Cas and Cathy sitting a good distance from one another at the reception table, both stiff and awkward, and both desperately wanting it all to be over. Dean smiles with that possibility, hoping that the most likely case, will be the actual one.
and Dean had to learn how to stand guard for himself. No matter what it was though, Castiel knows that there is no escaping it now. He might have had Dean within his grasp mere moments ago; but Dean is older, wiser, and he’s learned how to wriggle free and turn the snare back on Castiel. “If there’s a doubt, even the tiniest bit about us or if you think you can’t handle all this, I’m stopping it right now, man. I know myself. I know myself around you. I’m gonna fall hard and I’m gonna fall fast, and I can’t rely on Sammy and my mom to pick up the pieces this time. They got their own things going on.”
Claire just shrugs as she looks around the office. “Well, you probably didn’t want to talk about Dean after you dumped him, so Dad didn’t bring him up.”
Castiel growls. “My point is—we are not in a romantic relationship, and for the past decade that I have been around you, you have never turned to me for sex.”
checking into the hotel for me to find out that our wonderful, amazing, generous boss … is also a giant perv.”
one. So, he took that old wooden box, the one that he used to hold all of his pictures—pictures of his life in the short time it could’ve been called “normal” … a life he can only remember through pictures now, and he gathered Castiel’s ashes in his palms and placed them inside its pined walls. On his knees, hands together, ashes to ashes, dust to dust … lives remembered, lives lost, all collected in that old wooden box. It seemed fitting—and so very wrong; and then he set out to find the right place to keep all the wrongness he felt. He needed someplace beautiful, peaceful, calm and pure. A place that people would only go to if they wanted to—if they sought it out ...
It makes Dean jolt, and he quickly pulls back the towel. “No, no! You’re not! I uh—” he sits up some and turns around to look Cas in the eye, because he doesn’t want him to feel bad for trying to be nice. It’s not his fault that Dean is just awkward and weird in these kinds of situations; but before he can continue, he catches Becky out of the corner of his eye, and she’s grinning ear to ear and staring at them like a hungry animal. “
He nods, but Dean takes one deep breath before finally pulling open the passenger door. “Hey” he says, hoping that his voice doesn’t crack.
Once it shuts again, Castiel nearly collapses. He is acting like an absolute fool, and if he wasn’t the boss, he knows he wouldn’t be getting away with it. He supposes these are the perks of being in charge, but they aren’t perks he ever thought he’d stoop low enough to use.
He looked absolutely adorable as he mouthed every word and leaned in to observe every picture; and a few times, he even lifted his thumb to his mouth and sucked off the grains of salt that were clinging to his skin.
was like an atomic bomb going off, and Dean was worried that the man might be feeling a little overwhelmed.
go with it!” he yelps, not even really certain of what he had said for a solid five seconds afterwards; and it’s not until he notes the shocked expressions on both Charlie’s and Castiel’s faces that he plays back the words in his head.
Brad laughs as panic floods Dean’s face, and Dean watches himself go white in the mirror. Brad is taller than him, more muscular too—it’s probably the only reason Dean was drawn to him in the first place. It seemed hot at the time, being with someone who could so easily overpower him; but now Dean is retching against the thought. The smell of vodka and piss fills his nose, and it makes him struggle even harder to wrench himself from Brad’s grip; but the man has Dean’s arms pinned behind his back now, and he’s bending him over while simultaneously trying to pull down his pants.
“Who’s yer friend, Hoss? He’s quite a handsome fella.” A grinning woman strides up and promptly parks herself next to the man.
description of Dean Winchester; but he quickly shakes it off because he cannot be encouraging this girl. “No—now get back to work. We are done talking about this.”
Castiel pinches Dean’s arm, but it doesn’t make him stop—Dean continues to suck bruises into that soft , tan skin. “Yes,
With that, Dean frowns and looks down at the workbench, hating the sharp turn that this conversation just took. “Hey,
orange flowers, growing and blooming before his very eyes. Soon, the entire countryside seems to be covered from end to end, replacing every inch of brown grass with candied gold petals unlike anything Dean has ever seen.
was him waking up. He may not be in the back of the impala this time, but that doesn’t mean he’s not finally coming out of whatever cracked-out fever dream he’d just been immersed in.
of studying more than anything, so it wouldn’t matter much as long as I have something new to learn.”
“Fine, fine … I’ll drop it, but when he checks out and you realize you missed your chance, don’t come cryin’ to me.”
him too. When I was a child, I expected to grow up, take over the farm and raise a family there just like he did. Out of all his children, I was the only one who ever had the desire for that life. My father was very proud.”
…” Kelsey sounds nervous now. She is an awesome manager but is very gentle overall, not to mention, a very soft-spoken young woman. It’s great for her clients who are seeking quiet relaxation—not so much for
Dean bites his lip, still not looking at Sam as he nods again. “Roses” he says softly. “White roses.”
The woman’s smile quickly fades, and she seems almost shocked that Dean had asked. “Oh, well … I’m Lynn, but folks around here call me Litty. No earthly idea why” she laughs, shrugging before busying herself with wiping off the far end of the counter.
Dean shrugs, finally giving his little brother his complete attention. “I dunno, Sam—you just spent a whole day with my new boyfriend, and I haven’t really known him for much longer.”
After one more second of thought, Dean scurries out of the back room to head to the circulation desk computer, wanting to know for certain if his suspicion is correct.
Now the blood rushing in his neck—runs up to his face, and he can feel his ears get hot with anger. “Look—
That momentarily brought them back to Dean and Cas—and how Susan hoped her daughter would find someone as devoted to the relationship as Dean is to his.
Dean feels his body start to heat up, frustration with Brad, with himself—with this entire awful situation, boiling his blood until he feels like he might burst. “Well
. He doesn’t have to worry about Castiel in the way he has had to worry about Sam or Bobby, or anyone else in his life. Not that Sam and Bobby are irresponsible, quite the contrary—but law school is expensive and Bobby is always struggling to make ends meet. Without that kind of worry though, he and Cas can just be free to enjoy each other’s company, and that really is something to be thankful for. Dean nods. “Yeah—very true.”
Dean stops just shy of his button, slowing turning back to meet Cas’s gaze as the angel opens back up to the world.
—and something tells him, these two could stand out on this street corner and talk to him until he’s a hundred and seven.
Sam nods but then his shoulders sink as he side-eyes his older brother, and Dean can tell what’s coming. “Dean … why didn’t you listen to us? Bobby and I
“What?” Dean chokes, immediately forgetting about all his own pathetic concerns, only able to focus on Cas now and how bad this all really is.
Dean should’ve listened to him more closely. He should’ve been paying better attention … if he had been, if he’d been watching
calm him some, but not in a good way. The white hot heat he was feeling just a moment ago, dulls into a hollow hum at the base of his spine, and all the goosebumps that were rushing across his skin—smooth away in a matter of seconds. “And … and the
I need to wake the fuck up!” Dean yelps, darting past the figure and running as fast as he can down the trail.
handing him back that dirty tan coat that meant nothing to him before that moment, he found that suddenly his clothes became important to him. He began to take care of them, love them in a way that seemed completely frivolous, but harmless all the same. So, he kept them clean and he kept them on, close and protected against his body; but now, shedding them seems like the best thing in all the world, because as Dean’s bare skin slides against his own, Cas realizes that his coat, his clothes, his trademark
Dean nods. “Yeah—I’m actually surprised by your place. I would’ve thought a rich guy like you might live in some mansion somewhere.”
“Imagine Cas hadn’t walked in. Imagine that after Brad did what he did, you ran out of that bathroom, back to your car and you drove away.”
…” after another moment, the strange man is pulling a money clip out of his back pocket, containing quite a large wad of cash. “How much do I owe in fines—roughly? I don’t want to bother with change.”
on the man. “What is wrong with me?” he grumbles to himself, before finally deciding to go back the way he came instead of walking past the pool to get back into the hotel. “Pull yourself together!”
The other man presses his lips together, but overall—accepts the response for what it is, and then falls quiet once more, turning back to the town to let its distant sounds fill in around them.
…” His shape then fades, almost completely—leaving only a dim, red outline of where he used to be upon the grass.
Change they might, but he still would’ve expected Cas to live in some giant estate, considering all the money he has now; but this place is small and old, and looks like the choice of a man with a mediocre salary.
, now he is more. Somewhere within the depths of Dean’s soul, he knows it isn’t this bird’s time to die, and he is finally strong enough to do something about it. “I think this is what I’m meant to do, Cas” he says after the magpie’s eyes flutter closed and it falls into an exhausted sleep. “I think … I think I’m supposed to protect life from things it can’t control. I think I’m supposed to—”
. But, considering just how hot the angel looks right now, that seems like a pretty good way to go in Dean’s opinion.
“He doesn’t always express how he feels, and he has a quick temper. And sometimes, I think he takes things too seriously.”
They both stand there a moment more—smiling and staring at one another, getting comfortable with the idea of them both being in each other’s space; and then Castiel takes a deep breath—allowing his feet to inch him closer and closer to Dean.
“What? Yes, I—I’m fine.” He quickly glances back over his shoulder to the door but there’s still no sign of Dean.
“The woods?” Dean asks through a clenched jaw, feeling that original rage fill the back of his throat. At least the other books got
He and Jimmy had specifically built their hotels with an entire network of interior hallways strictly for staff to move around. It was a way for the workers to go about their business without disturbing guests—Jimmy got the idea after taking Amelia to Disneyland for their honeymoon. The park was built with that same concept: hide the inner-workings to preserve the magic. So Jimmy proposed that he and Cas do the same, and it proved very successful since their chain of hotels are now considered some of the most relaxing on the west coast. Jimmy was always so in-tune with the human mind, whereas Cas often felt like he could be a different species altogether. He didn’t understand people; but after Jimmy died, he found he was forced to try. Thankfully, Claire coming into his home has helped a lot. If there was ever a crash course in human socialization, living with a teenager would be it; but the other side of the coin proved to have consequences, like talking oneself into making rash, idiotic decisions.
The girl doesn’t waiver though. “Do you think he’d like a massage or a facial more? He’s obviously gay, but he kinda seems like the macho-type, so maybe nothing too girly, right?”
Dean knows Charlie has been distracted by this new chick she’s dating, but books always have, and always will be her
It’s not something Dean applies to himself often, but thinking about it now—sitting next to someone who was abandoned by pretty much his entire family, Dean realizes it’s true. He
Castiel tilts his head to the side, just like he did that first night, acting as if Dean is speaking in tongues. “I already answered that question.”
be weird giving orders to someone twice his age with ten times his experience. The power dynamic would always feel off, and that may make everyone miserable in the long run. “Well—we got one more guy to see, so who knows; but out of all of ‘em, Hank’s lookin’ like the one to beat. I’m sure he’d chill out once we got used to him and he got used to us.”
So once again, Dean turns to the computer and begins going through Destiny to pull up the book’s copy information. With another scan of the barcode, he deletes that poor, mistreated, innocent cookbook from his collection … or as they say in the library world—he
Dean and Cas both hugged him goodbye, and Sam had joked how they already seemed like an old married couple—yet, since
Castiel smirks again—like he did back in the library; and once again, it makes Dean’s blood boil. “Oh no, I don’t think Dean cares about
Dean chuckles, and it feels good to think about something other than the wedding for a moment. “Hey, hey, hey,” he begins, holding up his hands—happy that the circulation desk is acting as a barrier between them, but he knows that Charlie could still easily bean him in the face with that book if she wanted, “I was doing
I want some balloons! And maybe a tablecloth … not one of those cheap plastic ones either. I want a nice, fabric one.
“I chatted with the sales guy when I ordered some books yesterday.” Dean offers, feeling even more embarrassed as soon as he says it.
Castiel had lived and he had loved, and in spite of all the time that has passed since it happened, Dean finally tells himself that the angel is
Dean is suddenly wondering if he can make it back out the door before this girl explodes into a mushroom cloud of confetti and sprinkles; because there’s
“Well, Dean—I know how it feels to be unsure, and the only way to find certainty is to see it with your own two eyes. Yes, Cas might not appreciate you spying on him, but it sounds like he’s aware of that side of you, so he shouldn’t be too surprised.”
After a few more minutes of tortuous nips and squeezes, Castiel finally pulls Dean’s boxers down too, leaving him bare-assed on the leather seat.
At the time, Dean thought it was the shy, flirty smile that signaled the start of something new… but then the other bartender came out to start her shift.
Dean nods, but he doesn’t say anything else. He just pours his batter into two round baking pans, concentrating hard to make sure they’re both even.
liked to read, so she could enjoy those too (plus, she had already burned through the entire fantasy section) so Dean started showing her things from his reading list—which had quite a wide variety. There was a lot of realistic fiction on there, stories that made him think about the people in his own life: his mom, his brother, or someone he forgot he even knew until some beautifully written sentence reminded him of the way they used to smile. He showed Charlie the adventure pieces that made his heart race, and that he’d usually finish in one go, because there was
“Do you see that leaf, Dean? The red one, just to the right there? Focus on that. Look at every line. Memorize its shape. Focus on the curves, the color.”
“The nail!” Dean blurts, feeling like this should all be so obvious. “The nail through the whole book—and it’s a carpentry book, well …
, Dean would classify it all as perfection, but he’s too manic to do so. And as he writhes in the chair, tensing every muscle and thrusting into that striking mouth, Castiel does his best to hold him down.
Dean chuckles before finally peeling away from the wall to go sit on the edge of the bed where Cas once was. “Jimmy and I had just gotten to the pool hall—you know, the one with the crappy beer that you never finished.”
“Of course” Castiel says simply, now leaning back into the cushions of the couch, as if that admission drained him of all his energy. “I miss the busyness of it. There was always work to be done on the farm—and if you haven’t noticed, I like to stay active. I took that whole ‘idle hands’ mantra very seriously.” He sighs and then glances back to the photos. “And—I miss my family too. My sister gave me those pictures the one time she ventured out for a visit.  Even though her and I talk on occasion, it doesn’t replace the feeling of having your family surround you. They could be stressful and overbearing, but they were my blood, and that meant a lot to me.”
Dean shrugs, but then remembers that he ordered some books online last week, so that’s probably the delivery guy letting him know that they’re on his doorstep. “Don’t worry, I’ll get it” he says, setting down his beer and pulling himself to his feet with a groan.
Dean is wide eyed, hypnotized by the show—and breathless as Castiel opens back up again to stare at him.
Dean sees a pale hand shoot up through the reflection in the mirror. Becky waves at him and giggles.
The other man solidifies his fighting stance. “Yes—you want to know what will happen, and I want to show you.”
; but she obviously didn’t care either because she was hitting on the other man every chance she got.
Cas continues, finally dropping his arms completely before going over to sit on the couch. “I thought I was going to be exactly
, but how does he explain that to Sam? While worrying his lip between his teeth, Dean slowly puts the stack of papers down onto the table and begins straightening them out, taking extra care of the one on top—with the neat, blue writing that says “Castiel Novak” right in the middle. “I … I just think … that last guy was a better fit.”
Cas takes out the next towel and drapes it over his skin, and Dean melts into it this time, just trying to enjoy the warmth.
“Beautiful” Castiel says, reaching out to lightly touch the petals. He can smell their sweet scent. He can sense the dirt from which they came. He can hear the echoes of the bees that pollinated them. To the boys, these might just be simple roses, but to Castiel, they are a dozen little miracles that showcase the beauty of the world.
but as a being who didn’t know what it was to truly care about anything other than my divine duty, I couldn’t explain what it all meant. I look at you and I see this wondrous example of humanity, and the strength and power it can hold; but I never thought that I could then
“Yeah—I still need to plan a dinner for you and Bobby to meet, though. He shouldn't have beat me to the punch.”
or had been is now with me. They are at rest and their souls are light, and they help me move forward with helping the living begin to heal from all the damage my grandfather has done. We are all one now—I am them, they are me.”
Castiel nods. “I see—I mean, I can see that now.” He’s soon sipping his tea again, looking away to the bottles lining the back of the bar. The bartender wanders off into the kitchen and out of sight.
choke when those blazing hot eyes flick up to look at him. Pink lips wet beneath the swipe of an even pinker tongue, and soon—Castiel is posting behind him once again, gripping his hips as he pulls their bodies together.
” Charlie snickers, raising a brow at him because she knows him too well, and talking plainly about his feelings comes about as naturally to him as making love to a woman.
The first few books were just the standard messes—loose hinges, bindings in need of reinforcement, and some serious stains that would take several wet wipes to remove, but nothing that Dean couldn’t knock out in just a few minutes each… but then,
Dean quickly shakes his head, leaning back to press himself against the other man’s chest—shuddering as he feels Cas’s cock take on a new angle inside him.  With both arms, he reaches out and clasps his hands around the man’s neck, and then lays his head on his shoulder.  “Keep going” Dean whispers in his ear, catching a brief glimpse of a crazed blue just before Castiel picks up his speed again.
Dean stares at the girl—watches as her hardened expression softens until tears are welling in her eyes. “Ye—yeah, Charlie. I’m good.”
… interesting. Am I a male or a female, or can you tell?” he then seems to look down at himself, as if he’s searching for something, and Dean almost chokes when he realizes that Castiel is asking if Dean can see his
” He pounds the arms of his chair for emphasis. “Now, you’ll still be here for a while, right?” he asks her hurriedly. They closed about twenty minutes ago, but Charlie usually sticks around for another hour, catching up on things that she wasn’t able to finish with people on the floor.
nearby. I normally critique exotic locations, international resorts and lodges; but my boss wanted a ‘Close to Home’ piece for all the day-trippers, so he suggested I start in-town. So, that’s why I’m here.”
was in there instead of someone else … instead of Castiel. “I went to that wedding, and yes … it was for idiotic and pathetic reasons, but I went and what happened,
And standing here now … naked, alone, steaming water beating his skin raw, Dean wonders why the hell he’s still surprised.
This road trip is important—most of his trips are but this one is more so. He wasn’t planning on seeing Bobby again so soon, but he wants to be around family right now, and that old man is as close as he’ll ever get. When he was a child, he’d spend his summers at Bobby’s salvage yard, playing between the junk piles with his brother, Sam while learning how to fix up old cars with their dad. John, Dean's dad, had known Bobby for what seemed like forever, and when John got into auto part sales, he and Bobby would meet up two or three times a year to do business. At one point, John brought the boys with him, and the two ended up loving it so much that it became a regular family outing.
Castiel walks over to the coffee table where Dean had laid everything out, and looks at each of the papers carefully. “Yes, it all appears to be in order. Would you like me to sign everything
The impala’s engine hisses and clicks as he shuts her down, and her door creaks sorely when he pops it open to step outside.
The relief that rushes over Castiel is almost audible, and Dean watches all the muscles in the man’s body relax. “Oh!
a habit of yours, isn’t it?” Castiel says after a brief moment of dumbfounded silence. “Can’t you ever
allowed to wear something different every now and then.” He smiles up at Castiel, who still looks like he was just hit with a stun gun. “Here” he says after another moment, turning towards the closet to grab a few of the items. “I tried to get separates that could be mixed and matched … I learned that from the Queer Eye guys. God, I love that show. Remind me to make you watch it later.” Dean picks out a pair of jeans and holds it up to the shirt he’s holding and then shakes his head and puts it back. Then he pulls out a darker wash and nods approvingly. “Alright, here. Try these on. I think it’ll look good on you, but if you don’t like it—like I said before, we can totally exchange it for something else.”
was a simple question, just took a very serious turn; and by the way Cas is addressing it, makes it seem like they’ve been together for a lot longer than just two hours.
Castiel feels like his brain has been switched over to TV static. Nothing is clear anymore and there’s a ringing in his ears. “I …
Brad gasps and stumbles back, giving Dean just enough room to wriggle free and bolt for the door; but just as he flings it open, he’s met with two blue eyes—surprised and wide, staring at him, and then at the tall man just behind him—pants half undone and rubbing painfully at his shin.
Dean grumbles a few choice words as he braces himself to stand upright, and then—slowly but surely, he stumbles towards the exit as more and more choice-words spill from his mouth, and as rancid liquor threatens to spill from his gut.
“I—had planned on asking you up on the hill, where I took you when he had first gone out together; but obviously this day has not gone as planned for either of us.”
fifteen pairs of underwear gathered in his arms. “Here are your things—I put the book back into your bag.”
Because according to the powers that be, within all traditional libraries, sexuality and gender identity was to be ranged in the early hundreds of the sytem, listed alongside
Castiel bobs his head stiffly, trying not to let the thought of Dean naked on a table make him shake. “Good, very good. And uh … which room is he in now?” He’s not sure why he asked, and he certainly has no good,
Castiel’s mouth hangs open, unable to do anything but stare at the man standing shirtless in front of him—much like he did this morning in the kitchen, but now it feels as if the entire world has shifted to a new axis point and they’re spinning wildly out of control past the stars.
With another sigh, the other man sits up straight again, eventually plopping his head back so he can stare at the roof of the car. “I mean—I wasn’t
Dean smiles but then waves off the concern, eventually dropping his hand reassuringly onto Castiel’s knee. “
But, he has a business to run, a job to do, and one of the main parts of his job is protecting the books! Now, he usually does so with plastic covers and magnetic strips, but … who said he couldn’t go the extra mile? There’s no rule in the Librarian-Handbook that says he has to be docile and timid in order to do well in this environment.
department, which is actually the seventh department they’ve transferred him to since he first called two hours ago. It’s ridiculous.
time!” Dean pulls the beer soaked book from behind his computer and slides it towards Charlie. “He said he
” but his speed remains the same. Dean feels his lungs ache with his stale breath—and he sweats with the fear of the inevitable as it gains on him.
“Oh, he doesn’t know that. This sexy madman could be straight, or he could be gay—or bi or whatever. He could be an alien from the planet Glornack 7 for all we care … the problem isn’t
man on the face of the planet, and I will love you until this planet is engulfed in the fiery bursts of the sun. You are my eternity, Dean. You’re my everything.”
you’re really upset with him about all of this, and then see how he responds. If he really is an ass, then I am betting that you won’t find him that hot anymore.”
But something inside of Dean knows Castiel is wrong. “No” he repeats, slowly reaching down to pick up the bird once more.
… make it blue. And make the balloons blue and white; but don’t get any with the corny ‘Happy Birthday’ stamps on them. I want this to be classy, but still obviously a celebration. You don’t think our friend—our friend who died saving me, saving us … saving the freakin’ world deserves some nice décor?”
“But …” Dean says quickly, now looking at the bottles too—however, he can see Castiel glancing back at him from the corner of his eye, “I—I can’t say I wasn’t curious.”
to say is “What about the promise you just made to me?” It’s immature and petty, and Castiel did tell this woman that he was currently in a relationship. It’s not like he’s lying to anyone.
Charlie groans at him. “Uh- not really, because everything that comes out of that little bear’s mouth is pure love and sunshine, but if you
“I’m not much of a cook—but chicken alfredo is simple enough to prepare” Castiel calls out, not looking away from the massive pot he’s stirring.
” Cas begins and then looks back at Dean. “Dean, why are you telling Sam to leave? Is something wrong?”
After another five minutes or so, Peter is walking out of the back room with a large box in his arms—a picture of a handsome looking office chair plastered on the front of it. Dean watches the transaction take place. He watches Castiel fish his money clip from his back pocket—like he did that very first night they met. And once again, Dean notices the supple curve of the man’s ass, held in so nicely by all that fitted denim.
I think you've told me enough for one day" Dean stammers, taking a couple of stumbled steps backwards.
Once his money is handed over, Cas quickly gets his receipt in return—and Dean knows that the man is about to leave, but for some reason, he can’t bring himself to walk over there. He should say hi to him at least. He shouldn't just stay hidden in this aisle, watching the man like some sort of creepy stalker ... but he still doesn't move.
The girl grins at him. “Yup. He was smiling super big. I’m pretty sure he was happy about it. If he wasn’t, he could’ve checked out early or something, but
Dean whips his head back and stares wildly at Castiel. “What?” he rasps, then watching in shock and confusion as the barber calmly reaches into the cup beside the register and pulls out a small piece of chalk. After that, Cas begins writing something else onto the board, finishing up a moment later before replacing the sign back in front of Dean. Dean gawks, unsure if he really wants to look down to read what Castiel has added. But he does; and
“Would you like the cherry?” Castiel asks suddenly—in a dark voice that puts the night sky to shame.
. When Bobby first heard that Cas was bi, it took Dean an hour to explain it to the man … and he’s still considering putting together a PowerPoint presentation just to really hammer it home.
He clutches the would-be note in one hand with the extra chocolates in his other, feeling them begin to give with the heat of his palm, so he gently puts them onto the shelf above his head. Then, he quietly pockets the note and sighs—closing his eyes as he listens to the sound of the running shower as Dean putters around just outside the bathroom.
Just like he had over a dozen times prior—Castiel had destroyed one of Dean’s beloved stories; but much worse than before, this one existed solely inside of Dean’s mind.
“Yeah, well. It pays the bills now.” Dean begins to walk past Castiel, but then he pauses, looking over to him when they’re shoulder to shoulder. “You honestly didn’t know?”
This is nuts! I need to wake up. This has to be a dream! A crazy fuckin’ dream! I just need to wake up!” He turns around and stares back down the path from which he came, wondering if he runs fast enough, if it’ll somehow jolt him back into consciousness; but before he can even get in a step, the mist is raining back down in front of him, blocking his attempt to flee. A puddle of colors hover at Dean's feet for a long moment, but then the iridescent cluster builds upon itself, spiraling up from the dirt, until Castiel’s shape is somewhat whole again.
Dean must’ve read something like that somewhere. Maybe in one of the books from way back when in the orphanage—or between the covers of some two dollar magazine in an auto shop’s waiting room. It was probably some random, nonsensical tale that’s been locked away for years in the recesses of his mind. Lord knows,
. Maybe something about her weekend, or about Dorothy, or, he thought she’d bombard him with a million question because Sam can’t keep his big mouth shut, but definitely not a plot of mass genocide on all the youth in Kansas.
The sign up ahead says "Nebraska state line, 48 miles" so Dean puts the keys in the ignition and starts his baby up, knowing that he'll have plenty of time to ponder things as he goes along, but for now— he needs to get back on the road.
Castiel nods again. “Yes. I had known for a very long time that I was attracted to both men and women. I suppose I could’ve just focused on the latter and made my life a lot easier—I could have stayed with the church, gotten married, had kids. That would have made my parents very proud.”
Dean sets down his bottle and turns towards the other man, taking a deep breath—hoping that he’s coming off as a guy who
Dean slowly begins pushing all the briefs back into the duffle, one by one, muttering something about “preparedness” as he does.
he could put it down for anything. He showed her non-fictions on science and war and true tales of regular people performing amazing acts to change the world—and Charlie ate it all up with a spoon.
Dean shudders on a deep breath, trying to quash the bile burning up his throat. “What?” he asks, confused by his baby brother’s words.
to jab, when to move away, how to block and deflect. He’s also learned that Castiel smells really good when he sweats, which should probably make Dean feel gross, but he’s too tired and hungry to care at this point. Overall, this evening has been really educational, and stressful, and exhausting … and now that they’re winding it down, he’s really looking forward to grabbing some take-out tacos on the way home and passing the fuck out.
He’s not wearing a dirty old overshirt either. Instead, he has on a clean button up shirt and tie, and if Dean isn’t mistaken, the man dyed his hair too. He looks nothing like his grizzled old, salt of the earth uncle he knows and loves, instead—he looks like Bobby’s preppy twin. Someone Dean has never met and frankly, would never
Dean then watches as his boyfriend stands up, just as Brad tries to walk out of the bathroom door behind him; but Cas stops him before Brad can even make it into the narrow hallway. With one fierce push, Castiel shoves the other man back inside the door; and Dean loses his breath as the bathroom door swings shut at their backs, leaving him blind to what was happening on the other side.
for moving here and taking a big step forward in your career. It’s an intimidating thing, but you’re facing it.”
, he feels his body break apart, apart into a trillion tiny pieces, bursting upon the dirt like cloud of mist.
Dean blushes as he nods. “Yeah … you said it was your favorite at one point. Well, you said peanut butter and jelly sandwiches were your favorite, but a peanut butter jelly cake didn’t sound as appetizing for some reason.”
… bisexuality works just the same as homosexuality or heterosexuality, or any other sexuality I’m sure. If I find a person that I think is interesting or appealing in some way, then I approach them. Why would the status of their genitalia matter?”
It’s so fucking stupid! And he can’t really go anywhere else because DEMCO has monopolized the market. It should be illegal! They should be charged! They should be—
out there, but what’s done is done. The two men scurry away together, leaving the fired up redhead to her business, but they can still hear here grumbling to herself even halfway across the library.
“I don’t think it’s red, Dean” Sam cuts in—and Dean looks up to glare at the back of his brother’s head as he lazes on the couch of their hotel suite.
“If you don’t mind,” the other man interrupts, stepping around Dean in one, swift motion, “I would like to return this book, and I would prefer to get back home before sunup.”
Dean chuckles nervously, but he doesn’t have a chance to think about it anymore because Castiel is lifting him off the ground and throwing him back onto the bed. Dean gawks at the angel as he looms over him, room darkening as he sucks up the light—eyes glowing blue, wings flashing iridescent in the shadows.
should be waited on hand and foot, not the other way around.” Dean peeks back over the vinyl rimmed menu and winks at the woman, who promptly grabs the thing from his hands and thwaps him on the head with it.
He fidgets a little and drops his focus to his hands wrapping around his coffee mug, flinching when Lynn dangles the pot over it for a refill. “
“So …” he begins again, leaning his elbow onto the table as he watches Dean pour some melted butter into the bowl, “why today? Why is New Year’s Eve Cas’s ‘Snap-Day’ or whatever?”
The girl follows up with about a dozen screaming emoticons, and Castiel resists the urge to dive through the doors to the kitchen and hide.
But Dean just continues to be a distracted caveman; and soon, a peanut is thwopping against his face. “Hey!” he mutters, picking up the projectile nut and flicking it back at Sam.
And Dean is about to answer him, but then a young woman lunges forward and tries to grab at Sam’s arm, and Dean has to leap between them to block her from getting a clear hold. Yet, with his focus on
The bald-headed man spins around to look him over, a soft smile flitting across his face once Dean is seated. “Oh yeah? You sure about that?”
“Jeb, ya durn fool! Ya best watch out or else me and Dean here will run off together! Somethin’ tells me
“Shh! Be cool!” Charlie mutters, clacking at the keyboard rapid fire before swiveling around in her seat and plastering on an all-too innocent smile for Dean. “Hi, Dean-a-roonie! How ya doin’ bud?” she chirps, almost choking on her own sugar.
“Whatever you think looks good, man. Just do it,” Dean snips, plopping his head back against the seat and closing his eyes.
Dean drinks the last of his beer, slipping further into the cushion of his couch. It’s a sobering thought, so the last thing he wants to be is sober.
Dean gives him a quick glance, seeming not at all surprised by just how surprised Castiel is. “Yeah. Guess it worked out for one of us.”
Dean didn’t answer, he just slid his lips to Cas’s neck and continued to press kisses into his skin.
Another chuckle rumbles over him. “Oh, just you wait” and the wickedness in Castiel’s voice sends a shudder through every bone in Dean’s body.
Dean continues to stroke his fingers over the bird’s dark black wings, feeling a warmth pass through his hand and down into the tiny, trembling body.
” He turns the wheel until he’s pulled off onto the dusty shoulder, and then he turns the key in the ignition, cutting off the power before trying to start it again. The engine rolls over once, but then everything just whirs in a cacophony of painful
“You two are already talking marriage?” Dean asks, raising a curious brow at her while still focusing on fixing his calander.
” Castiel grits, finally looking a little crazed and unhinged—closer to how Dean has been this entire time.
Dean would tell him how he didn’t anticipate it either, but his mouth is rather preoccupied at the moment.
“Dean?” Castiel said again, briefly wondering if Dean was possessed; but the look in his friend’s eyes was far too normal, filled with that same passion, same fear, same determination that made him a wonder.
Charlie frowns, setting the money down on the corner of the desk once more before quickly pulling up a chair-- knowing a good story is on the horizon. “How so? He paid you.
He finally gets to Bobby’s around a quarter to noon, but it takes him a moment to gather the courage to actually go inside. Dean didn’t need to grab much. Most of his stuff was already in the car because he brought it over when he was staying with Jody; but some things he’d left inside this decrepit, old house—things he didn’t necessarily need from day to day, but that were important all the same. It was mostly practical—the extra set of boots that he only wore if was doing hard labor, his dad’s old leather jacket that he usually left at Bobby’s until he visited the man for the holidays, and the weather warranted something heavier. And, there was
“The cost of the book is $38.99, Mr. Novak” Charlie cuts in, obviously not wanting to listen to Dean be a broken record any longer.
“Your arms are probably going to hurt for a while. I wasn’t planning on pinning you for as long as I did, but then again … I wasn’t expecting you to
He will sit at his computer, angrily play a hundred games of solitaire, and think about nothing other than how big of an idiot he is.
Until Castiel stood across from him once more, Billie pounding on the dungeon door, time running out as tears ran from those haloed eyes—looking over Dean’s face like he always did, only this time,
” Castiel doesn’t intend to sound so astonished, but writing anything over a paragraph used to drive Dean to drink.
“He can’t hear me” the girl hisses right back, inching in closer to try and see if she can catch another glimpse.
Castiel’s mouth is hanging open. He doesn’t know what to say. He doesn’t know what to think. This is all so …
After some more humming and hawing, Seth’s cheeks turn ten shades of pink and he finally looks up into Sam’s eyes, something that Dean noticed, he’d had
Charlie spits out a laugh before collapsing into her chair once more. “Wow, Dean Winchester—you should become a professional pep-talker. I mean
Castiel turns in his seat, completely facing him before laying his other hand on their already clasped ones. “Dean Winchester …” he begins.
, only realizing afterwards that the “him” he’s calling out to is just a figment of his imagination. All in all, it was a tiring night of supposed
“What’s this?” she asked, setting the box down in front of Dean but never taking her eyes off the money.
Castiel moves in even closer, wanting nothing more than to reach out and touch the man, pull him in and hold him like he used to; but he knows he already crossed so many lines here—
And once again, Dean thought about how much he liked the woman—and he made sure to tell Bobby that before they all parted ways at the end of the night.
if you keep doin’ what you’re doin’! You’re swindlin’ people, son. They payin’ you for strippin’ and lookin’ pretty—
to go in this morning, but right when I was about walk inside, I saw a text from my boss saying that there were some things at the office he needed my input on.”
. He knew that she was tired when he left Albuquerque. He knew that she needed a little love and attention, but then—
Dean beams when the woman comes back out of the kitchen, talking at the top of her lungs because it’s just Dean who’s out here to hear her. “I appreciate that—
… let’s eat some cake!” Dean says suddenly. His increased volume comes as a shock to the other two, and both Sam and Cas jump as the older Winchester claps his hands together and  moves around the kitchen island to get a knife.
you always managed to get down perfectly.” Dean glances at him, and Castiel can see it, that flirty glint that always knocked him off his feet when they were younger.
Castiel smiles as he closes his eyes, tightening his hold on his husband as the song reaches its peak.
He had texted Charlie around six, telling her that he wouldn’t be in today. He also added that she shouldn’t be worried; he just needed the day to take his mind off of things.
Dean smiles weakly, nods—and then looks once more at the box in his hands, soon bending down, knees to dirt, setting the box onto the ground. The brook trickles over the rocks, muttering into the distance, telling him that
of a library” Susan asks after they ordered more drinks and settled on some chips and dip for a starter.
“Afraid you’ll wet yourself again?” Sam is laughing less reluctantly now, just like he did when they were kids, on a plane to Idaho to visit Uncle Bobby back when he still lived up north. They were flying through a storm and the cabin seemed to be constantly shaking. Dean got so scared, he peed himself. The fact that he was eleven at the time only made it
“No … no” Dean stood up from his chair and began to pace, “I can’t buy any of that—Jack would know, better than anyone—considering he’s now
—a guy who started this day just trying to do the right thing and keep his promise. That guy is now going to be ending the day behind bars, and it’s all Dean’s fault. “No! Wait!”
Castiel jumps before turning around to see Heather, one of the waitresses standing behind him with a tray holding a pitcher full of orange juice and glasses.
He logs on, pulls up Destiny, heads over to "Copy Status” and then scans the back of the foul smelling book.
It’s a far better answer than Dean is expecting, and thankfully, Castiel took the question innocently enough, so Dean can react genuinely; and he resolves himself to act normal, for what may be the first time this whole day. “That’s admirable, man. I wish I could say the same … but
But he honestly doesn’t want to get his mind off of things—like any masochist, he wants to stir himself into the pain, set the regret on high and watch himself boil into a thick, pitiful soup.
Dean smiles to himself. “Yeah, yeah.” His eyes dart back to the engraving on the marble slab. “Mary S. Winchester. Born December 5
And then, those tan, nimble fingers move across the space between them—still holding the other half of the cherry, moving it towards Dean’s lips … lips that are parted with heavy breaths and words that he’s far too nervous to say.
Sam laughs and raises his glass to Bobby’s little outburst. “Here, here! Besides—Dean is just distracting himself anyway.”
The sky outside the window has since turned dark. Crickets chirp in the garden outside, filling the warm summer breeze with a comforting trill. It’s peaceful, slowing the two bodies inside the room to an easy pace. Time slows along with them. Their heartbeats temper, their hands still against one another. All the passion and heat from before still remains, but Castiel no longer feels the desire for control. There is no play for power anymore, there is no reason to be armed to the teeth with his own severity. There’s only Dean here, and for the first time—he consciously realizes that Dean won’t hurt him. Castiel realizes that this man that he was been protecting himself from, is the only one who’s ever taken the time to care for his heart. He’s the only person alive who sees Castiel as someone truly lovable, and Castiel can’t help but glow because of it.
And before Dean can think of something clever to say back, the girl hangs up on him—which is probably for the best, because if he kept going, he’d most likely end up really pissing her off. He does have a tendency to take a joke too far, especially if he’s already in a mood. With a long sigh, he turns his focus back to the book, wishing that there was something he could do help the poor thing. Some way to get back all the words that the nail impaled; but as good as he is, there
” Dean bellows, anger lifting him to his feet. He’s felt trapped ever since he walked into this place and now, it’s downright suffocating. “Is that all you think the man meant to me?”
The girl reaches out to put her hand on his shoulder, and it startles him enough to make him jerk the steering wheel and nearly run them out of their lane. Claire is not exactly the type to willingly
Dean screams again, headlights from the on-coming cars catching the tears in his eyes, making them shine.
text her now, but he knows that telling Charlie about the dinner would inevitably lead to his plans to crash the wedding, and she just might be the only person in the world who could actually talk him out of it—and he's still too excited about it all to risk that.
If he were jealous, then that would imply that he and I were the ones in the relationship and he’d be worried about losing me to you.”
wedding? Dean wouldn’t only get himself fired, he’d probably get himself arrested for decking somebody before the first course was even served.
to come, but he thought he was controlling it—that is, until Castiel gripped him harder and twisted up with such precision and skill, that Dean realized, he was never the one in control of
“Never mind” Castiel laughs, leaning back over to point at Dean’s phone. “Now, you said we’ll be coming in through the south entrance?”
“Anyway…” Sam continues, still rubbing his wrist, be he reclines into the couch now, “how the hell can this guy afford to up and leave to go rock climbing in the middle of the week? And doesn’t he know that there are rock climbing gyms right here in town? He doesn’t need to travel all the way to Colorado just to get the experience.”
“Ugh, fine! Three things!” Dean groans, thinking for the trillionth time how he’s too easily pushed over by the people he loves. “Three and no more! And if you try to tell me crap that ya know I don’t wanna hear, then I’m blocking your ID, and you won’t be able to check out any more books.”
“Wonderful!” Castiel spits back with a feigned enthusiasm. “Then, shall we board? We’re wasting daylight.”
The lock to the library fights against his key, but with a jiggle and a slight push, he manages to turn it.
“What?” Charlie asks, almost smiling because she probably knows that Dean didn’t really mean to say that, so she’s probably hoping he’ll play it off as a joke.
“Yeah, maybe” Sam mutters, yawning a second later before using his pinky nail to pick something out of his teeth.
Dean stares at the angel, smiling back as he looks him over. He never thought he’d see him again, not after The Empty came and stole him away; but here he is, solid and real, sitting in front of him and eating cake. Dean can’t remember the last time he’s felt this happy.
"It's not honest work" the old man always complains, and Dean can't really argue with that; but the money is more than what he could ever make doing random construction gigs, so Bobby will just have to learn to deal with it.
.” He shakes his head and sighs as Dean settles once more, but then he clicks off the lid to the black ink container.
“Shit” Dean whispers, smiling immediately afterwards because he can see Castiel smiling at him through the windshield of his truck.
“Would you like to eat that banana spit now?” Castiel asks suddenly, turning his head just in time to catch Dean staring.
Sam’s laughter fills the hall, and Dean shuts the door, laughing as well but rolling his eyes in the way he always does when Sam is being snarky.
“No. She’s not dying” Dean whispers happily, knowing in the deepest part of him that it’s true. Somehow he understands now that if that bird had stayed in that tornado—it would have only lasted a minute. And he also has come to understand, that as soon as he felt that tiny life enter the storm, he
and he’s trained enough that I think he could really keep you safe from any threat that’s out there. So don’t you go acting like I would put your safety on the line for
Castiel takes the lube from Dean’s hand and inspects it a moment, reading the label quickly to confirm what he had suspected it was for—and then he pops open the top and squeezes some of the viscous liquid into his palm, eventually closing the bottle again and tossing it to the floor. He stares Dean down as he slicks himself up, and then he switches to Dean—stroking his slippery fingers up the man’s shaft and over the head of his cock, holding back just enough of his strength in order not to crush him.
Bobby’s mouth finally shuts again, and then his face collects in on itself, and his jaw clenches on what to say and how to say it, but it takes him a good, long while to finally speak. “Well …” he mutters, after he’s looked Dean up and down a bit, probably trying to make sure that the boy isn’t cracked in the head, “that spare bed ain’t doin’ me any good just sittin’ and collectin’ dust.”
Just as he looks away from the woman to answer Castiel’s initial question, he spots the other bodyguard darting around Sam’s side, putting his himself between him and Reese.  With the motion, Dean instantly recognizes Castiel's stance ...
Charlie narrows her eyes at him. “And white out and staples, and ink pads and hand sanitizer … and tape.”
“It’s been a long road” Castiel whispers back, eventually pulling his hand out of Dean’s so he can loop his arms around his neck and hold him closer.
And that’s what it was. That is what has captivated him about Dean since the moment he touched his soul in hell. Castiel could look into Dean’s eyes and see hope, not just for himself but for the world. Dean Winchester by Fate’s design, is the embodiment of the word, and there—standing bare chested in the kitchen, that hope seemed all the more evident. Castiel could see it etched into every little scar and mark on the man, but never in the eons of his own existence, did he think that hope could blanket him the way it did in this bed. The best
“So …” Sam snickers, inching closer, feeling far too giddy about this now, “so … what? You … you bought him new clothes? You're ... dressing him? Is he like, your new dolly or something?”
. So stunning in fact, that for a moment, Dean forgot he was supposed to be incognito—that is until Castiel came walking around the corner after her.
“In the kitchen, Cas! This morning. You were at the table and I was making bacon, and the grease splattered all over my shirt so I took it off so I could soak it in the sink. And then I looked over and you were looking at me … like, I thought you were really
But even though every inch of tile and every stretch of popcorn ceiling is familiar to him, he feels like there’s a new air of mystery to this place. He feels like he needs to creep in slowly, taking every step on tipped toes before falling carefully to his heels again—if he comes down too hard, if he makes even the
And he could still gravel, and he could still be aggravated that Bobby picked a fight in the first place, and he could still give him a hefty piece of his mind, but after everything that Dean just went through, nothing on this green earth has ever sounded more comforting to him than those gruff and grumpy words. And soon, Dean is grinning ear to ear, quickly racing up to Bobby and jumping onto the couch beside him. In the frenzy, he accidentally knocks the man’s beer out of his hand, but Dean doesn’t care. He just wants to give Bobby a hug. He’ll buy him more beer later—he’ll do whatever he can for this old fart, because
Dean listens as the powerful creature erupts with fury—but he cowers when that fury causes Castiel to grow once more, larger and more looming than ever. He towers over Dean, with his eyes expanding quicker than the rest of him, and now—Castiel appears to be nothing more than two, hundred foot tall irises, ringing a set of deathly black pupils, staring daggers into Dean through the dust and gusting wind.
Those blue rings stand out against their stark white backs, and Castiel doesn’t blink or talk for a long moment—he simply gazes at Dean’s face, eyes falling and rising from lip, to brow … dancing from cheek to cheek. Dean watches Castiel watch
such a lightweight, he started babbling as soon as Amelia sat down, saying that she’s already wasted two years of college avoiding him, so she shouldn’t waste two more.”
Claire sighs, but then she leans in close and hugs him around his shoulders, and Castiel can’t help but lean into her hold and feel better, knowing that no matter what, he’s lucky to have her in his life. “Look, Cas. The fact that you were willing to go along with this plan proves that you don’t want to leave it all to chance. You want to take a risk. Cas—that’s ballsy.”
Charlie clicks her tongue and shakes her head, eventually handing the book back to him. “I don’t know. This is the eighth one now.”
Dean nearly asks what happened, but then he remembers what Castiel’s father discovered in the back of that truck so many years ago. “I’m sorry” is all he can think to say.
"Ugh!" Dean huffs before stomping back around one side of the bed, immediately grabbing one of his thick bowie knives from his shelf of weapons. A second later, he is back kneeling on the bed, but this time he’s facing the wall.
. In spite of all the bad, that offhanded comment the caterer had made back when Dean had woken up in his car was the only thing he has been holding onto this entire time. It was his pathetic justification for the series of events that got them here—sitting outside of a police station, talking about why this all happened. Dean thought—
“I—I’m sorry” is all Dean can think to say, because he is—and he’s embarrassed, and he really wishes that none of that just happened, because it is not at all how he saw this day going.
“Oh, okay. Well, it looked like you were shaking, and you seem really pale. Wasn’t sure if you were feeling well or not.” Heather seems genuinely concerned, and Castiel appreciates it. He’s glad that everyone on his staff seems to have a sincere heart and good conscious. That was always really important to Jimmy. “Their resume may be glowing, Cas; but I want to make sure we hire good people, not just good workers.” It was something he didn’t think much of in the beginning, but after Jimmy passed—the way everyone in the hotel rallied around Castiel, supported him, made him feel like family and picked up all the slack, Cas thinks it was one of the best business decisions Jimmy had ever made.
!” Dean barks, arching off the mattress as Castiel begins to suck him up and down, flicking his tongue against his tip before lightly dragging his teeth all the way to his base. Dean always did enjoy just a pinch of pain with his cup of pleasure; and Castiel feels like a master chef when it comes to this recipe.
Dean pushes down his eager dick with his palm; thankfully, it's concealed by the desk. Then he lazily grabs the coffee cup with his other hand, looking at it like it’s the answer to all his problems. “Miserable” he finally responds before lifting his head a little to take a long, slow slip.
“I can testify! I can explain what happened, how you were defending me. I mean, that has to mean something, right?”
… humans need a lot. Cas used to think that that made them weak; and even though he could easily kill a human with just the press of his palm, he has learned over the years that strength and weakness are not solely one’s ability to survive. Strength is fighting in spite of weakness. Strength is doing the right thing even when everything else is wrong. Dean Winchester is strength, but Dean is also human … he has human needs.
With that, Castiel’s grip loosens some. “Yes. He and I look the most alike out of all the children. My siblings share more resemblance to our mother, but I was somehow
“So …” Charlie speaks up again after another moment. “Tell me, did you catch the guy? Is he in evil, bad, book-abuser jail?”
… I thought I was getting some vibes from you, and then that bartender came out and was practically mounting you on top of the coasters, and ya know—you took her number … so, I was embarrassed. I was embarrassed that I was hitting on a straight guy, and I was embarrassed that you were completely oblivious to it, so I bolted, because I’m totally chicken shit like that.”
“Well, you want to be able to see your opponent’s entire body. If they’re about to kick, you want to see their feet prepare for the kick, so that way you can prepare for the block. With your chin lower, you can anticipate more moves.”
With a soft smile, Castiel holds up the picnic basket. “Oh—I brought some food as well, but there is enough for three.”
of flying?” Castiel asks quietly, squeezing Dean’s shoulder a little more, but it’s a touch of reassurance, not accusation.
he did very well with his own flirting— it may have been more mumbled than I’m used to, but I found it all very sweet” Susan hums, leaning into Bobby some, causing the man’s skin to heat up so much, Dean is worried he might spontaneously combust.
Cathy. You have no reason to distrust her; and secondly, you heard me on the phone with her. You know that I informed her of our relationship.”
“So … rough childhood then?” Dean asks, finding that keeping the focus on Castiel is making his muscles relax some. He eventually turns back around to grab a couple of beers from the fridge.
However, it's enough to make Castiel’s seem hopeful too— by the way he squeezes Dean’s fingers between his and then holds a large breath in his chest.
He was torn open, losing himself bit by bit like he was a tree in autumn. Colorful, while his color was fading fast, and there was nothing Dean could do. He could only stand there, watching as a hole tore through him too, screaming at him, saying he was running out of time.
With a deep breath, Castiel fortifies himself as he looks to the entrance of the restaurant. The glass French doors are open wide and the hostess is waiting behind her small desk, menus already in hand since there has been a steady stream of guests for the last half hour. Castiel bites his lip, knowing that in just a few seconds, Dean Winchester—love of his life, will be walking through those doors right back into it.
, standing in the middle of a field, commanding the wind and rain with nothing but his bare hands … that all had to be a dream.
But the man only shrugs. “I suppose I’m waiting until I have someone to share it with. In the meantime, it’s nice to come here to this complex, and at very least, have neighbors to talk to.”
Peter looks thrilled with the permission, and he’s already several steps away before he suddenly turns around and calls out something else to Dean. Something
Dean snorts and then holds the book closely to his chest, wanting to protect it from certain death as long as he possibly can.
Castiel lowers his head, shame and regret weighing him down—but it also pulls him down into Dean. Unable to resist anymore, he reaches out and touches him, placing shaky fingers on the man’s bare arm to pull him in. “It was the most foolish thing I’ve ever done” Castiel breathes, eventually leaning forward to rest his forehead against Dean’s shoulder—feeling as if he’s about to pray, feeling as if he
Dean immediately perks up with the praise, and then smiles smugly at both his brother and his uncle. “Hear that? I’m
“So …” he finally begins, scooting back a little more in the bed of the truck. Castiel had backed it up to the edge so they could sit in there and look out, “you said your family was really religious?”
Dean finishes and pulls up his zipper, flushing the toilet before finally turning around—hitting a brick wall of shock when Brad’s face is staring back at him.
Dean tries, but he’s still wriggling in his seat. He doesn’t like feeling this trapped and vulnerable. Not only is he unable to
“Okay …” Dean mumbles, straightening out a little and then looking back at Castiel for what to do next.
; and Sam needs a strong older brother. He needs someone dependable and sturdy because life is anything but. Dean can’t be weak. He can’t be the victim. So, if Castiel hadn’t been there to see Dean being victimized, then
Castiel huffs in agreement, but then he twists his neck around, flinching in pain as he glances back at Dean—one brow arched like a question mark. “
The other being shakes his head and looks away; and Dean can see some more lightning crack on the horizon. “That bird nearly died because of my storm; but
Dean throws out his hand again, “Ehh! Okay, yeah—I don’t need to relive that, thank you very much! And in any case, you practically ripped that information out of me! I didn’t give it up voluntarily.”
The memories of the awkward morning swirl in his mind like the little dust devils Castiel is creating as he zips around the field. So far, he’s just been going back and forth in long, wobbly zigzags, seeming like he’s trying to get a feel for the machine beneath him—so he’s avoided the mounds that have been specifically created for these kinds of activities; but suddenly, his engine revs and it makes Dean look up—just in time to see Castiel turn hard and barrel straight towards one of the largest mounds in the center of the field.
But once again, Claire reaches out to give Cas’s arm a soft squeeze, and the man thinks he might just melt with how genuine it is. “Seriously, Cas. You are a good looking, super successful, well-off single guy. If this dude is as smart as you say he is, he won’t be upset about seeing you again.”
Dean can only glare at him and groan. “Yeah—maybe I don’t; but I do know that he’s not the type to just start beating the shit outta people, not without a really good reason. And if I wasn’t there as a reason, then maybe Cas wouldn’t have defended himself, and if he didn’t … who knows what Brad could’ve done to him.” He swallows thickly, trying to choke down the thought because he doesn’t want to linger on it for long—Brad’s sweaty hands grabbing and tearing at Cas’s clothes, his skin, trying to tear him apart, cause him pain and then dare to call it
” Dean whispers, surprised by the whole freaking story. He assumed that Castiel just came from money; that his family was rich and therefore,
But unlike in Hell, he knows that he could just take these ones out if he wanted to. The holes could heal. They might leave some scars,
Dean is in a fight with the literal God of all creation. He is scared, he is stuck, and he is a human, looking for some comfort.
Dean gulps down another bite of burger and then takes a moment, mulling over his next question carefully, wondering if he should even ask it—but he figures he should, because Castiel told him to be free with his questions; he gave him that permission. “Is that because—because you’re bi?”
“Yeah, but—he’s the best candidate so far. He may be mega-strict, but if he can protect you from the loonies, then I’m alright with it.”
Castiel frowns and all the clouds above their heads rumble and darken. “It’s dying, Dean” he says after a moment, staring at the bird with water rimming his eyes.
Castiel clears his throat and then smiles weakly, staring up the road as his hotel starts to come into view. “No, no. Just lost in thought I guess.”
, judging by the way those fitted dark pants strain to keep in his muscular thighs. And then there’s the way his white, button up shirt hugs at his arms and shoulders, and the way that dark brown vest wraps around his barreled chest. This man looks dapper and put together, but still intimidating, just like a character from an old movie. All he’s missing is a cigar and a tommy gun. Dean then watches as he carefully unbuttons the sleeves of his shirt and rolls them up to his elbows, exposing strong, tan forearms that could easily wring Dean dry if they wanted to.
Dean rolls his eyes as he walks back to the table to sit and drink his coffee. “How many times do I have to tell you? I don’t
“Um … thank you, sir.” Peter’s smile is completely gone now, and his eyes are wide. He looks like a frightened rabbit staring down the throat of a wolf.
“So—” Lynn finally sips, wondering at Dean with deep, brown eyes, “What are you doing driving through here? Road trip? Sightseein’?”
… makin’ me miss spots!” She soon grabs a clean rag from the shelf beneath the counter and starts wiping it down again.
. Hand ‘em over.” The bartender stretches out his hand while wearing a bitchy expression that could rival his little brother’s. Dean doesn’t have the energy to argue.
Peter swallows hard—his adam’s apple bobbing shakily in his long, thin neck. He reads the note, pulling back a bit when he gets to the bottom of it, obviously shocked by the words “DON’T FUCK IT UP!” written by Charlie's hand in furious, bold caps. After another moment, he manages to wriggle out from beneath Dean’s arm, voice coming out a pitch higher than it was a second ago. “I can get all this for you, sir. Um—stay here, and I’ll be right back.” And then Peter is gone, speed walking out and around the end of the aisle, leaving Dean there alone to smile after him.
Castiel bends forward and thrusts harder, feeling himself shake Dean’s to his very core. “Then tell me again” he commands. “Tell me you love me.”
, he was off trying to woo Amelia, the dorm RA who he had been obsessed with since the first day of their freshman year. The man was always planning some new way to run into her—plans that obviously worked out in the end since the two ended up getting married right after college, and then they had Claire not too long after that. Cas never realized that Jimmy spent any spare moment doing anything else, none the less,
With a huff, Castiel gives his answer by striding across the street to where Dean is parked, so Dean chases after him—quickly getting a step ahead so he can open Castiel’s door. Cas just glares at him a moment before finally getting in; and Dean can only growl at himself because being chivalrous
The bed materializes beneath them, and its sheets work their way around their bodies as their clothes get thrown to the floor. It is not often that Castiel is naked. He has no need to be. His clothing is neither for comfort nor warmth, nor protection from the elements. Their only purpose is to allow him to fit into this human world without peaking interest. In all honesty, he finds them rather confining, and hated how they limited his movements at first. But over the years, he’s grown used to the fabric around his limbs—and that night when Dean brought him out of the fog that was
The motion causes Dean’s eyes to drop below the man’s waist, and now he is finding himself transfixed on the plump, perky ass that’s highlighted perfectly by Castiel’s handsomely-fitted jeans. “
gets you aroused” the other man purrs, quickly locking the door behind them while eyeing Dean hungrily.
Castiel chuckles and then leans back to put the truck in gear, seeming rather pleased with himself for making Dean laugh.
when things don’t go your way. Do you know how many times my mom turned my dad down before she finally agreed to go out with him?”
With the last of his strength, he pulls himself back to his feet and takes a wobbly step towards the wavering shape, and then another—and Castiel slides backwards with every approach.
Dean squints at the figure in front of him, finding that his image is a bit clearer when doing so.  “You’re kinda clueless, aint ya?”
Dean huffs out a breathy laugh, not knowing how else to react at this point. “Yeah … that would’ve been a bummer” he drones, eventually peeling himself up to a sit, so that he can stretch out all his stiff muscles.
, Dean could be getting ready to go meet up with him right now instead of turning on the shower to leisurely wash away the thick scent of chlorine that Cas can smell though this thin closet door.
Dean fishes that post it from his pants pocket when Sam isn’t looking, and stares at if for the millionth time. The jagged words are etched into the paper, almost engraved, but the writing itself is neat—trained, like a practiced hand was behind them. They read: “
And as if that was his cue, Seth begins rattling off all the little things in Sam’s life that he admires—
nervous, and it’s so glaring and obvious, they could probably see it from the Silicon Valley on Mars.
if Dean put a kink in the plan? That doesn’t mean you should just give up!” Her blue eyes are burning with certainty, and for the first time in a long time, Castiel can see Amelia’s face, alive and bright and glowing in her daughter. The woman was a force of nature, and her confidence and conviction left Jimmy hypnotized from the moment the two met in their dormitory hallway. Jimmy always told Castiel that if she hadn’t rolled her eyes and shoved him out of her way that first day of college, he would’ve never known true happiness. Castiel didn’t get it. It was some kind of craziness he attributed to straight people; but he’s starting to think that it’s all making sense to him now.
Castiel holds his breath, feeling the fragility of this moment on every nerve and he’s terrified to move and wreck it all.
room askin’ me if I’m alone while practically forcing yourself inside! What the hell am I supposed to think?”
Castiel stammers once more, mind short-circuiting on all this new, uncharted territory. “I—well—uh …”
“Yeah—for ten years, you have been here and I still jumped into bed with every woman … and occasional guy I laid my eyes on; but that’s just because …”
Castiel is stunned at first. He’s used to everyone in his world knowing about this; but then again, his world is this hotel, and practically everyone here knew Jimmy and Amelia like they were family; and they were just as shattered as Castiel was when they passed away; but of course, Dean wouldn’t know any of that. He may have kept some tabs on Castiel over the years, but it’s not likely that he would know
Dean is standing beside her, putting a thick plastic cover onto one of their new paperbacks—and he looks up the same time she does when the front door chime rings.
Clothes quickly came off and Dean’s small house filled up with moans a sweat just as quickly; but it didn’t feel raw and dirty like their first time did …
Dean shifts uncomfortably in his seat before finally setting the shake back down on the bar. They stopped at a little retro diner, which was packed, so the only place they could find to sit was at the front counter, side by side atop two vinyl stools. “The whole—
, stretching and shaking out his newly loosened muscles. He is tanner than he used to be, a little chubbier too, but still in great shape for a man his age. However, the biggest change is the rugged angles of his face. Before, he was an adorable, sexy young man—soft edges and smooth skin, with barely a hair on his lip. But now, it seems like time only did the man favors, and Castiel is both impressed and envious. As
he lies to himself, trying his hardest to be optimistic; but as he bends in to grab his kit, a sour, musty scent fills his nostrils. Dean yanks his head out again, coughing on the stench—trying to figure out where it’s coming from. The only things that are back here are his toolbox and a spare tire. Nothing else should be—
. I’m surprised you can even keep yourself upright anymore.” The man then lifts an empty bottle of Jack as he nods towards the other, half empty one that supplied Dean’s last few drinks. “You didn’t drive here, did you?”
Dean looks him over and Castiel turns his gaze away, suddenly feeling the need to slide out of the bed, collect his clothes and leave. Everything he thought was locked safely inside this room seems to have seeped through the crack beneath the door. “What?” Dean asks as Castiel begins to peel himself off of him.
Dean gasped, immediately throwing himself across his leather bench seat, staring frantically at the glove compartment, hoping that his very obvious car is tucked away enough behind all the service vehicles that Cas won’t notice it.
Melinda’s frown only deepens. “No, I’m sorry. I didn’t see who dropped it off, I just remember that it came in the day before yesterday.” She sighs. “I wish I could be more help.”
Castiel smiles too before turning his observation to the beer in his hand. “Look at me—going on and on about myself. I know you don’t know me very well, but trust me when I say, this is fairly out of character.”
“Mr. Novak” Dean manages to croak, and Charlie stifles a laugh—rather unsuccessfully too. Dean shoots her a look. “Checking out?” he says, a little more clearly now.
Dean watches once more through the mirror as the girl comes into view and moves around the counter, eventually heading towards the front door; but just before she reaches for the handle, she turns back and connects with Dean’s reflected eyes. “It was nice to meet you, Mr. Winchester. I hope you’ll be a repeat customer.”
. “I’m sorry” he finds himself saying again, wishing he knew a better way to comfort the one sitting beside him.
The Impala rocks slightly as they shift, only coming apart far enough so that they can reconnect in a kiss.
“Yeah—I know, but there were also the people you didn’t know about. You haven’t been a witness to every sexual encounter I’ve had, Cas. At least, I hope you haven't ...”
Dean moans, clenching his jaw as his thrusts his hips up a little, but the more eager he is, the more patience it gives Castiel.
… the one living creature in all this world who could be strong enough to make everything okay again. Someone who could be so powerful and good. Someone like
So instead of researching bisexuality in order to confirm that the guy doesn’t secretly prefer women over men, Dean needs to let go of his preconceived notions and learn about bisexuality for the mere sake of
Castiel reaches up above his head once more and gives the storm one final heave, eventually spinning around in a circle to set the tornado into motion. “Why not? You once told me how interested you were in storms, Dean. Why not take a closer look?”
She said she understood and that she hoped he’d feel better soon, and he thanked her and said that he would be, even though he knew it was a lie.
“This is weird. Isn’t this weird?” Sam asks, picking another peanut out of the dish and breaking it open—but he doesn’t eat the morsel inside.
Waking up in a hospital bed, realizing that for the first time that his family wouldn’t be at his side …
“Convincing” Sam snips, eventually letting out a breath while grabbing the other office chair from the side table and wheeling it close to Dean’s desk. He sits down with a
! The chances of this boy knowin’ our daughter are slim to none.” His face blanks a moment and suddenly, he’s side eyeing Dean. “Ya
Fishing into the pocket of his jacket, he pulls out the Impala’s keys, but yanks them back just before the bartender can grab them. “No joy-ridin’! That’s—that’s my baby, and nobody … no
“Yes” Dean whispers, chewing slowly but fearing he might not be able to swallow. His throat feels tight all of a sudden, and his body is beginning to shake.
I mean … I didn’t know how to react! I didn’t even want to shake her hand, considering all the times I—” Dean silences himself, suddenly realizing that he’s about to start describing how he
Dean can feel his heart start pounding with the idea of his boyfriend behind bars, and he suddenly feeling nauseas.
He can’t remember if he mentioned it or not (probably not because he’s hardly said a word to Castiel since he met him at the bike rental place), but Dean
“You need to understand … you didn’t just cost the hotel money with this little stunt you pulled; you could have also cost someone their job.” He looks up to take note of Claire’s face, and her look of surprise makes him feel just a
“I can see that” Cas says, regarding Sam a moment before twisting back to Dean. “I just … I don’t know
His small house felt cold when he finally walked inside—the night was filtering through it like a flood, but even as he turned on all the lights, it didn’t warm up. It
Castiel gives one more gasp as he slides out of him, and Dean grimaces a little as everything that was previously plugged up inside, oozes out.
” Castiel asks, bending in closer to watch in amazement. The storm altogether breaks across the sky, and the tornado dissipates in the distance.
“Exactly!” the girl sings, but then stops still and grabs Dean’s arm, as if she just thought of something that could mean life or death. “When are you seeing him again?”
for this, and even though they’re all going to be in the middle of a shitstorm of drama for at least the following month—all Dean can do is smile, because Castiel is doing
Those thumbs could perform some real magic on Dean’s shoulders, he’s sure of it. And if those hands wanted to travel
Castiel moves over him, placing a knee on each side of Dean’s hips, straddling his body and locking it beneath his own. “I’m really glad you came out with me tonight, Dean.”
He can’t face Dean after nearly twenty years and explain to him that his adopted daughter is trying to play cupid. It’s too much, and too embarrassing! He stays silent for another beat, considering all his less-than-desirable options, finally figuring that it is better just to absorb the cost of the treatment and let Dean think he is getting lucky with this freebee rather than suffer such an unfavorable run-in with the man. Cas will talk to Claire about this soon enough, but in the meantime, he will just have to go with the flow. “Oh, yes—well, it was a last-minute offer. Mr. Winchester is approved for a full treatment, so go ahead and push it through; and when you’re going to charge it all, just charge it to
“Not really though…” Dean counters, finally lifting his head so he can look at her with reason. “That’s the thing … other than being weird, he was just a normal dude. My age, maybe a little older. Well dressed. Seemed fit. Well off,
Dean nods again but he continues looking at the ground between his crossed legs, suddenly feeling as if he could cry—
“You and I had been dating for almost a year at that point … so … I told Amelia … I said, that if she would go on
The man coolly collects the bills, counts them, and then tucks them into the pocket of his shirt. “Okie dokie … what do you want? A skull? A naked chick? A picture of Elmo riding a missile?”
Castiel’s half smile fills out, and soon—he’s reaching out his hand to Dean, asking for it to be held, and Dean obliges without hesitation.
, he always told me stories about when you guys were in college. They were usually pretty dumb, but they always made him laugh so … ya know, they made
Dean pants, chest rising and falling harder with each passing second. “Well?” he asks after too many moments have passed them by. “What do
“Ugh … what did I get myself into?” he asks his own reflection, blushing some when he sees a woman on the other side of the glass, holding a book and watching him curiously.
Castiel smiles in spite of his embarrassment—loving how his staff, his friends, his family are all together in this room, all laughing and getting along. His and Jimmy’s hotel has done so much more than make him financially successful … it has given him a life. It has given him love.
Something in Dean's chest seizes the longer he looks at him, so he coughs and sniffs his dangerously tender thoughts away and then smacks his palm onto the bar. “Another one,” he grunts fervently, words slurring together as the whiskey sloshes around in his gut.
“Yes, I suppose this change in appearance is rather jarring. What are your thoughts, Dean?” Castiel turns to the eldest Winchester, but is startled by the sight of the man—his skin is stark white and his eyes are the size of saucers. “Dean?”
this woman now, and if Bobby doesn’t marry her, he just might. “Thank you! Thank you, Susan! You’re the only one who seems to understand this whole thing!”
type of personality desirable to the man. Dean most likely would not be sitting here right now, watching an incredibly sexy guy make him dinner if she didn’t pave the way.
He didn’t know what he was supposed to do, yet everything he did seemed to be right. Dean’s body told him as much. The man’s fevered gasps and airless moans were confirmation and validation—they were all the victory and purpose he needed, more than he ever found in heaven or hell, or on Earth playing God. Holding this man in his hands, caressing him down and winding him up, wringing him out like a sponge that soaked in all the life worth living—made Castiel’s life worth living. And he found his God inside of Dean. Pressing into the warmth of his human body, feeling the man constrict around him, hold onto him with all of himself, was the divinity Castiel had been searching for.
Dean would protest, but he’s still cowering from the first attack and doesn’t want to incite another. With palms flat and in obvious surrender, he straightens out again and takes the menu back. “Uh … cheeseburger, please. Bacon too … extra if you got it.”
“Shit” he mutters, feeling guilty for forgetting about the woman’s generous gift. The drive up to Bobby’s was so strange, and oddly short—it threw him off. He would’ve remembered it if not for the wind, and the weird dream … and
Dean’s entire body burns with shame, and he’s about to fall back into the room and slam the door when a tan arm reaches past him to touch Sam on the forehead.
“Jeez, Dean! It’s nothing bad okay? I’m just helping your sweet Uncle Bobby find love!” The girl then squeals delightedly before swiveling back to her screen so she can pull up her masterpiece. “Look at this! He’s gonna have all those ladies swooning!”
Dean groans once more, and goes back to laying his head on his desk, closing his eyes tightly in the hopes that when he opens them again, Dorothy and Charlie will be gone.
“Yeah. Not buyin’ it.” Dean steps in closer and glares at Charlie hard. She may know him inside and out, but he knows her too—and she has that look in her eye that says she’s itching to talk. “
“It was stupid. I was a stupid child; but Jimmy showed me over time that it was possible to have it all. He had Amelia, and then they had Claire—”
Dean scoots up excitedly in his seat. “Yeah—you said you moved on a whim. So does that mean you’re un-attached?”
“No. The only family I have is Gabriel and Ava and Becky. Our parents lived in Idaho, but they passed away when I was in college.”
Castiel watches Dean as Dean watches him, noting the beautiful life that’s burning behind those green eyes. When he sacrificed himself—when he confessed his love for Dean and gave himself over to The Empty, he truly thought that that would be the last time he was ever lucky enough to be in the presence of Dean Winchester, but now … here he is, sitting beside him, eating a cake that the man lovingly made just for
“Y-yes” Castiel closes his eyes, panting and writhing against Dean’s touch, “I wanted to t-take you right there on the table.” Dean’s firm chest presses against his own, and he can tell that Dean is breathing just as hard as he is.
Dean sighs as he rubs the condensation off the side of his beer glass, knowing that she’s right. “Yeah—I know. Cas hasn’t done anything to make me doubt him. But—I dunno, I just … I just feel like I can’t compete.”
. Watching as those strong, skillful hands grab at his hips to move Dean back and forth, forcing their dicks to grind together… Dean let’s out a tiny, strangled moan.
“Hey, good to see you! Hey!” Sam calls out, waving at the crowd behind the barriers, and a chorus of high pitched screams immediately follow.
guy. Remember, you told me how when you two finally did the dirty, he had that twisted fantasy about putting a cucumber up your—"
Dean listens as Justin gets up to go grab the blue ink, but he doesn’t bother opening his eyes again to watch him. Instead, he just relaxes into the cracked leather of the chair and thinks back to the times Castiel’s eyes weren’t filled with tears—before he stood in front of him and said all the things that Dean never knew he needed to hear, before he said the
, could cause Castiel to do something as insane as spy on you in the spa. I knew at that exact moment, that you had to be really, really special to him—therefore, you are really, really special to all of us. Thank you, Dean for making our boss so happy. He deserves it, and you deserve someone wonderful like him in your life. Cheers to the happy couple!”
“Dean had followed me to the wedding. He was worried about my attending the event with an ex-girlfriend. While he was watching us however, Brad – his ex and my ex’s cousin, cornered Dean in the men’s room and tried to force himself on him. I walked in just as Dean got away, but considering I knew how aggressive Brad could be, I lost control and attacked him. I was arrested for assault and Dean picked me up from jail.”
“What?” he asks, soon—looking around his room for his closest pair of pants, just in case he needs to pull them on and leave in a hurry.
Dean takes a deep breath to try and calm himself. Castiel is apparently loving all of this, but Dean is suppressing the urge to knock himself out on a rock. “Okay …
Since you’re ashamed, you would’ve let Brad get away with it? If Cas wasn’t there as a witness, you would’ve just driven off and left the whole thing behind you?”
Dean whirls back once more—finding Castiel standing directly behind him now, holding a small grey squirrel to his bare chest. Dean bends forward, wondering at the how the thing is being lifted—it’s as if it’s
The other man’s blue eyes curve as that adorable gummy grin once again scrunches up his cheeks. “Really?”
Dean turns around from chugging some water at the drinking fountain, eventually shaking his sloshy head at the man. He swallows. “Nah, it was fun. I think this could be something I could really get into. It’s got an edge that boxing doesn’t.”
; but I can normally control myself. Your kind are always destroying this planet, poisoning it and not caring in the least that you’re slowly killing yourselves. I am almost always angry with you humans, but I am still able to keep the balance. Yet, this time …
In another moment, Castiel is releasing Dean from his vices, sitting up straight once again to wipe his mouth with the back of his hand.
“Please? Please!” Castiel’s voice explodes from somewhere behind him, and it makes Dean jerk and flip over—heart racing with a new kind of dread. The being’s energy begins pulsating the air, making it quiver and crack with every clench of his jaw. “You will
“So, before … you mentioned something about seeing me when I was younger; so, just how long have you known about me? Like … known that I was one of the ones who could see you?”
be able to get her running again, but something deep in his gut tells him that it won’t be that easy.
That old wooden box feels heavy in his hands now as he makes his way through the trees. He isn’t talking, he isn’t smiling … and he isn’t waking up.
Charlie chuckles, saying “Cas” softly to herself—obviously finding it cute that Dean is using an abbreviated version of the guy’s name; but then she turns and relaxes against the counter beside him, nudging Dean in the side with her arm. “Look … not to be a dick, but that all sounds like it’s
The girl on the other end of the line sighs, as if explaining all this is painfully exhausting for her. “It’s a book on dirt biking.”
Bobby grumbles and starts to get red again, and Dean can practically feel Sam rolling his eyes beside him, but Susan’s bright smile and airy giggle makes it all worth it. “As lovely as that sounds, Dean—from what I hear, I’m not at all your type.”
He slowly exhales and then looks down at the bag on his lap, unclenching his fingers so he can unzip it and pull out the guide. He reaches inside and feels around some, finally finding the corner; but just as he begins to pull it out, a loud roar bursts from the engine, and through the window at the corner of his eye, Dean sees the propellers start spinning on the wing. He convulses, yanking out the book with one fling, inadvertently whipping out all fifteen balled up pairs of underwear with it. “Shit!” he yelps, “Shit, shit, shit!”
, hollow and methodic, like a butcher tenderizing meat. They seem to go on forever, and Dean wants to go back inside, he wants to see what's happening,
Dean can’t say that that makes things any clearer; and Castiel seems to know this judging by his ever-growing silence. “I—I don’t …”
“You were?” Castiel’s disbelief is only shadowed by his doubt. The first few years of their friendship were reluctant at best, and sometimes they were downright hateful. Yet, Castiel knows that human-desire is a powerful thing, and physical-want does not always go hand in hand with logical-need.
A soft chuckle escapes Castiel’s lips and then, he lightly touches Dean’s wrist. “Don’t worry, Dean. I’ve been doing this a long time—and I’ve only ever decapitated someone once.”
“Dean? What happened? Did you even make it to the airport? Did you chicken out? Is that what’s going on here? You chickened out and now you’re embarrassed? It’s okay if that’s what happened—I unders—”
I’m sure there are plenty of creepers out there who loved their dogs like that” Dean says with a smirk.
“Which are?” Dean asks, half humorously, half serious—because he needs as much perspective as he can get right now.
Rage ignites Dean’s already inflamed ego and he slams down the book onto the counter. “Hell no! Tell me
“So?” Dean hisses, thinking that his breakfast will have to wait. Bobby seems determined to pick a fight this morning, and Dean's usual quips aren't dissuading him. “Every time we talk about this, all you do is hassle me! I’ve never done anything wrong here, Bobby!
Ashes still coating his palms, dust still coating his knees—that old wooden box still riding shotgun, only now ... it's empty.
There, stabbing right through the letter O of this “Build it Yourself: Woodwork Made Easy” How-To book, is a thick, six inch nail.
the one always tellin’ me I need to get out more, so that’s what I’m doin’. And, I’m doin’ my job too, and … I guess, in a totally idiotic way, I’m also trying to get a date. You should be proud of me! I’m getting out of the library for once!” It’s a pathetic attempt at justification, but thankfully, Sam understands his brother well enough to play along.
Dean smiles in spite of himself, finally peeking down to look at the other man—who is too adorable and genuine for words. “Well, glad ya think so I guess.”
, as you close the distance, I move back and also pull my hands closer to my face, but I never change the leg position. The leg position gives me stability and I can easily move wherever I need to with my feet like this.” Castiel demonstrates by stepping back and then side to side. “I want to always be ready, but also allow myself the time and space to think about what I need to do, so this position is optimal for both.”
“Yeah—okay” Dean grumbles, still very upset about the book, but he feels a little better knowing that it wasn’t neglected on purpose. “So, you didn’t check it in yet?”
Dean nods, trying his best to focus on what Charlie is saying—but there’s a little blue book sitting on the surface of the desk behind her, and suddenly, he’s smiling again.
Dean nods slowly, loving the way his name sounds on Castiel’s tongue. And he loved the way Castiel’s fingers felt on his skin—
. And he’s adventurous, and he’s clumsy …” Dean breathes in slow, letting the crisp morning air fill his lungs. “And he … he actually seems to like me.”
Dean wasn’t sure what he was expecting Charlie to say when he walked into the library Monday morning, but it certainly wasn’t
“Fine! I first tried to punch him in the face, and then I called him a smarmy mouthed titty nugget for fucking up my books!”
The other man doesn’t say a word—he simply smiles and kisses Castiel, softer now, slower, but with a depth that leaves their bodies heavy and melted into the silky sheets.
Castiel knots his arms around the man and holds him just as tight, feeling like twenty years of weight is finally starting to fall away. “I never wanted to hurt you, Dean. I didn’t know what I wanted back then, but I know it wasn’t
into the bikini section just to stare at the skimpy fabric. (“Better on chicks, Cas, trust me.” “Could I wear this?” “
Cas looks down with way more reverence than the moment deserves. Or maybe not. Maybe just the right amount. “No,” he says, “I wouldn’t do that without permission. You’re doing this on your own.”
“I don’t know what a mix tape is.” Despite the same deep rumble reverberating in Dean’s bone marrow, Castiel’s voice is smooth as a brook wearing down the rocks on the river bottom.
She can tell from the angel’s expression. He might still keep fighting, but his eyes have something wild and
“Cas.” Dean wracks what’s left of his brain for some stupid joke, but all he can do is breathe his name.
Cas pulses hot inside Dean’s mouth. Normally, Dean would close his eyes during this – he knows it makes a good visual too – but he can’t help but keep them open, just to take everything in. How Cas’ dick gets wet from his own precome but Dean’s tongue too. How the slices of light from the window move across Cas’ chest and the rise of his stomach, warping with every breath he takes. How Cas’ fingers flex, again and again, until Dean manages to raise a hand up to grip them. It’s gratifying that they’re shaking, and he has to be the one to steady them.
“Don’t have to do anything you don’t want to,” Dean tries to say, but the end of his sentence is nearly bitten down because Cas all but throws himself into sucking Dean off. And it’s fucking
is a fucking cheap-ass, hollow thought that his brain must be offering up as some sort of mental survival mode.
Cas’ pulse beats on, heavy, and his Adam’s apple bobs up and down a little bit like he’s swallowing. Dean feels the rise and fall of his chest under his cheek. He could be any other human — he doesn’t even taste funny, just clean and a little salty — but he’s not, and Dean knows it, and he’s got him bracketed between his thighs and fuck, he’s actually glad it’s daytime so he can see Cas’ chest practically glow in the light.
Dean jolts and grunts at the next lap of Cas’ tongue. Cas kisses over his hole, soft, more breath than contact. The Impala’s tires squeak when Dean moves.
“They definitely planned this,” Dean mutters to Cas, fingers trailing over one of the cerise blooms.
It’s a terrible idea. Dean knows all about what goes on outside Shopping Mall Nine. But all Vaporeon does is put herself on the line for him, over and over. She shoved herself into awful battles to keep John off Dean’s ass, she curls up beside him at night even though she whines about the scratchy blankets. The least he can do is take her to the one real water source nearby.
“Dean?” he asks, standing by Dean’s bedroom door. He’s learned by now not to barge in, though he can’t imagine what kind of debauchery Dean would even be up to with the mood he’s in lately.
“Yeah, only you get to call me stud,” Dean jokes, even if it hurts his chest to get a laugh out. The smile Cas gives him in return is so damn warm Dean wants to live in it.
Dean hums dryly, speeding up the strokes as he grazes a kiss across Cas’s lips. “Yeah? You loved seeing me all naked and oiled up?”
His heart begins thrashing against his rib cage—beating him viciously from the inside out, and Dean welcomes every blow.
Dean and Bobby trade smug looks—knowing that the second Susan brought up her old job, Sam was on board with this whole thing.
They were soon inside, and Dean shut the door, locking the two of them in as soon as it latched. Dean never locks the door to his room. Castiel noticed that a long time ago. He thought it strange, because with all the danger that man has seen, you’d think he’d utilize every form of protection he could; but then Cas realized that Sam wouldn’t be able to get to Dean quickly if the door was locked. Dean could miss out on precious seconds unlocking his door to get to Sam if something went wrong. Dean locks doors when his brother is on the same side of them, never the opposite. So now, hearing that soft click of that little latch made a thunderous change in the room. This was new territory for them both, and Castiel could hear Dean’s heart thrashing against his ribcage. The man was just as unsure of what was happening here as Castiel, yet he moved with a worn in certainty. A tempered motion that has evolved with his body, aged with his skin, and all Castiel could do was wait to be moved.
Castiel’s smile dwindles, but then he pauses, looks over Dean’s head and spins around—immediately walking up the path a ways before lifting his hand to point at a flower. Dean almost asks what the hell he’s doing, but then he hears
“Don’t crouch so much—you’ll actually tire out your muscles if you stay too low. You want to be as relaxed as possible while still being on guard.”
Castiel groans, deep and throaty—fingers digging into Dean’s skin as he bottoms out inside him, making the room instantly feel ten degrees hotter.
Dean spins around; searching the rest of the field for where he’d gone, but he can’t see Castiel anywhere.
Castiel sighs before slumping forward, rubbing his hand down his face as he groans. “I know you are, Dean. I know that most of what went wrong tonight had nothing to do with your dumb decision to spy on me, and
, it’s not your fault. I was talkin’ too. I was asking you questions and just hangin’ out. I was just
Dean clenches his fingers around his glass of beer. He wonders if Cathy will be giving Castiel that same look on Saturday.
After another moment of quiet consideration, Dean logs onto the computer and then onto Destiny, the program they use to manage the books. It’s also the program they use to keep track of all their patrons, so with a few clicks and then a scan of the barcode on the back of the wrecked text, Dean is reading the name of the dubious culprit … the dastardly fiend, the malevolent villain. The asswipe who decided to ruin a wonderful creation that’s only intention in life was to help.
With one hand on the counter to brace himself, Cas finally works up the courage to move the few feet towards the door, finally cracking the swinging door the tiniest bit to see the man inside. And there he is, standing upright—
Castiel smiles as he eventually moves outside, taking in the last part of his rounds, and perhaps—his favorite part. It was his idea to have a garden. It was one of the few creative-trademarks of their chain that he came up with all on his own. Most hotels have a spa, a gym and a pool; but not many have an expansive botanical garden that takes you into another world as soon as you step inside. Cas’s mother had a green thumb and could usually be found nourishing some little sprout into a hearty, full grown plant; and she taught Castiel how to appreciate every leaf and every flower, and their home garden became his safe haven whenever he was stressed about school or some straight boy he inevitably had a crush on but no chance with. As far as he knew, he was the only gay boy in their small town; so, growing up, he often felt quite lonely. Thankfully, he had his mom’s garden and the ladybugs and bees. The sounds, the smells, the whisper of the grass. It all put him at ease, and he thinks today of all days, he needs this garden the most.
.” Dean nods, but is still drawing a blank as to what all this means—and thankfully, Cas can apparently see that.
and then become boring together? Why? Why do you need all the dramatics? I swear to God, Hell will freeze over if either of you can just go
“I wasn’t terrified” Dean snips back defensively, only to wonder why the hell he's arguing with a wavy, man-like blob of electrified color.
… no, really. I’m fine” Dean stammers, lifting one hand to try and stifle the other man’s concern as his other slips beneath the drape to try and halt his rising dick.
The room falls quiet once more and it makes everything seem stressed and tired, leaving the two to search for ways to break the tension; and Lynn is the first to come up with something.
“You’re not making much sense right now, Dean” Castiel mutters simply, but he carries on setting the bags down between them, eventually sitting himself cross-legged onto the mat so that he can start unpacking their food. “Now, do you like chicken or beef? I got several of both just in case.”
Dean doesn’t want to, be he follows the instructions—his own shame making it impossible for him to do anything else.
“Dude—Castiel, c’mon” Dean mutters, walking a little closer to the other man, but he twists so his back is facing Dean no matter how close he gets to him.
“I’m … Dean … I—” Castiel is no sooner spilling into Dean’s mouth, while simultaneously pulling every ounce of anything out of Dean as well.
Castiel grins now, and it’s gummy and beautiful, and it makes his eyes almost completely disappear behind his cheeks. Dean feels his heart stutter. “Wonderful! Come—have a seat and we’ll get you set up.”
Once outside, he steadies himself against the wall of the bar and vomits onto the sidewalk. He hadn’t eaten at all today. He hasn’t had much interest … anything that makes him feel full or complete or
“She was the coworker that took you in, right?” Dean asks, thinking back on everything Castiel had already told him.
Castiel shuts his eyes, as if the memories in his mind are too heavy for them to hold up. “I have known Brad for as long as I’ve known Cathy. They are cousins, and very,
“De—Dean, wait, stop.” Castiel breaks away, holding the man back and using a bit of his angelic strength to do so, just to show Dean that he’s being serious.
“Oh good” Castiel says with an obvious sigh of relief, but then Dean notices how the man’s cheeks tinge. “Well … not
The woman coughs and waves off his sincerity, turning on heels to head back into the kitchen to yell at Hank to get a move on with that pie.
between the two of us. His remark about this being my hotel could have meant anything. We can’t even be sure that he meant it in a good way.”
—glowing and grand as he powers towards Dean on the bed, covering him like a protective blanket.  The angel is beautiful, and Dean would be content watching him like that forever; but he’s also never been this turned on in all his life, so he’s relieved when Castiel begins undoing those new jeans of his … and thankfully, he’s much quicker with taking clothes off than he is, putting them on.
Castiel nods as he chews his burger slowly. “Yes” he eventually answers around a mouthful. “My father and mother were extremely devout Catholics. I spent nearly every day in church, and I have probably read the bible a hundred times from cover to cover. It was a
why you told Castiel I’d go with him?” he asked—and he had meant to say it with a laugh, but it came out as more of a growl, and that made Charlie glare at him harder.
They sat in silence for some time, both just thinking—although, Dean’s sure that Castiel was also doing a million other things as well, in order to keep the world turning. He’s probably creating a warm front in the northwest right now, and sending an ice storm over the highest points in Canada. He’s everywhere, and always has been. He’s been there with every raindrop and every snowflake for as long as Dean’s been alive … as long as
Dean turns to look at him, instead of the cold sea. Cas looks good, no little wrinkle between his eyes, smile barely turning up the corners of his lips. “Not to me,” Dean says. “I don’t know what to do with my whole life out there in front of me. I’ll keep waiting for the other shoe to drop, I know it, Cas.”
“You should go get Sam,” Jack tells them. Dean bristles, both at taking orders from the Devil’s kid and from – whatever the hell just went on between Cas and Kelly.
Dean’s known Cas for a long-ass time, now, and he’s never been so afraid of an imminent smiting. “Get on with it,” he offers up, voice all throat. Dean takes just a minute to stare down at him, hair all chaotic and chest flushed and dick fucking glossy with both their wetness, before he crouches down again.
Their surroundings aren’t too notable. Big bushy pine trees crowd in on the road at all sides, thickening out even further as you go farther down into the woods; the road’s looked pretty similar to this for hours. Not anything Dean hasn’t seen a hundred, a thousand, times out here on the road, but still beautiful against a slate-gray sky that promises rain.
All Dean can do after is make sure he’s not squashing Cas when he rolls over to his back. They have really fuckin’ good sex, absolutely incendiary, but Dean still finds himself marveling every time after.
“I didn’t want to do that,” Anna says, quiet. “Is everyone alright?” The response is mostly groans, but at least they’re affirmative ones.
The greasy looking man scrunches up his face but eventually nods, turning back towards the kitchen before stepping out of sight.
Castiel glares at the man, knowing that he’s just trying to get his goat now. “I thought of it as something you only did with women …
Once she leaves however, Dean becomes very aware of the rest of the room—especially, the change in light. “Jeez—what time is it? How long have we been talkin’?”
With a raised hand, Castiel finally gives in—nodding at Amelia’s blue eyed mini-me, knowing she’ll make his life hell if he doesn’t agree. “Alright, alright. I’ll think of something else. Now—get back to the front desk. We’ll have guests checking out soon and I want to eat my muffin in peace.”
When it was his turn to share again, Dean talked about his time in the orphanage— but only telling Lynn about all the trouble he used to get into. He told her about the pranks he would pull on the nuns and she laughed in spite of her disapproval. “You’re a cruel boy” she cackled, slicing up some pieces of freshly baked pie for the two of them to share. Dean didn’t deny it, because it felt good to finally confess a few of his sins, even if it was only to an old woman in a grease-smeared apron.
, which almost always stays in the impala—but Dean had taken it out when he first gotten here a couple weeks ago, because he wanted to clean it. Sleeping in his car is not the safest thing, and Bobby had given him the gun for protection. Thankfully, Dean’s never had to use it, but he wanted to keep it clean just in case that ever changed. Now however, it seems like so much more than a convenient, little weapon. It seems like his last connection to a man who never knew anything
Charlie smiles more genuinely now before peeling herself from the seat. She then walks over to him and pats him on the shoulder. “Yeah, I know. In your messed up way—I know that you care.”
. But still—Jesus was a carpenter, and the nail represents the stigmata. And I’m sure the staples are symbolic somehow too. I’m guessing it’s a message from some bible-thumper who’s upset about God knows what, and decided to take it out on our library.”
“My sister found me when I was in college. We do still talk here and there—she and I were the closest out of all my siblings. I have six of them.”
And the euphoria fades, making room for that familiar frustration that Dean brings out oh-so-easily. “
His heart breaks with the drop of the girl’s eyes, and he can’t help but rush over and collect her in a hug. She groans and quickly squirms away again.
Dean is gawking—not only because Castiel is now holding the most delicious smelling tacos to ever be created, but also because he’s acting like it’s all
“Is—isn’t that a sin?” Dean chuckles, knowing that technically, according to that so-called “good” book, this
“I don’t think baking involves a blood bowl” Sam says, picking up the archaic, stone bowl that’s sitting on the counter.
“I dunno! I just …” Dean sighs before finally turning and leaning up against the edge of the circulation desk. “I guess I just feel like there’s all this competition now. I mean, I’ve only ever dated other gay guys; and I was already overly jealous with
But then, Castiel is climbing on top of him again, kissing Dean’s lips reassuringly, softly—like it’s something familiar for them. Like it’s nostalgia and a treasured memory all rolled into one. “Exactly” he says after a few more pecks. “
, ya know? Ever since we were kids, so it’s just a little weird thinking that I’ll need to hand that responsibility over.” And that actually
Charlie helped relabel every single book and set up the new shelving herself—enthusiastically throwing away all the old labels like she was a star in the NBA.
to protect it. It's what he wishes he could have done with his family, with Bobby ... with everyone he's ever loved, but he was simply too weak back then. But
He’s still shivering, but then Seth’s shakes stop the moment Sam puts his ginormous hand onto his shoulder. “Th—thank you so much! You’re seriously an inspiration!”
Castiel’s mouth falls open when he sees him lying on a chaise lounge, shirtless and glistening in the sun. He’s wearing sunglasses and purple plaid swim trunks. He looks good enough to eat, and Castiel finds himself licking his lips, wanting so badly to taste that man again—wondering if he’ll taste the same as he did all those years ago, or if he’s even sweeter now.
Dean smiles as she fades from his view, wondering how he and an old waitress at a diner in the middle of nowhere, could be so very much alike.
He glances to the right and out the window—noting how dark it’s gotten. “Yeah, you’re probably right” he says, yawning immediately afterwards with the mere thought of his bed. “Let me just take care of this first.” Dean holds up the fetid book and Melinda nods, both of them knowing that something like that is far beyond saving.
, I suppose he could’ve changed his name to that, but that’s unlikely. Second of all—why the heck would a religious nutso decide to deface the book of some tiny, podunk library in the sticks? What good would that possibly do? If we were the Library of Congress, or even some prestigious college facility,
“Back at’cha” Dean heaves, gripping the handles of the chair—worried that he might actually break them off by the end of this.
shot at his genitals. I thrusted my knee into his crotch several times until he was incapacitated, and then I called the authorities.”
Her green eyes widen as she looks at the bills, and then they drag back up to Dean. “Oh my God … you
The angel grins as he looks over to Jack, and Jack smiles back at him—eventually giving him a slow nod before disappearing in a soft haze of light.
“Okay, so I don’t really know what you’re doing with all that, like … I know I’m not with you right this very second on the ocean floor; so how are we connected?”
Dean’s body sags as the man’s words settle around them, and he can feel Charlie’s eyes turn and lock on him like the sight on a rifle. “Shit” he mutters pathetically under his breath.
“I’m in your hands” Dean says, sitting straighter in the chair and smiling as he focuses on Cas’s smile.
That flush returns to Castiel’s cheeks, but this time, the color is comforting. For once, the man seems a little ashamed of his behavior, and if he had just shown that the first time around, they would’ve never gotten into this situation—but then again, Dean might not have ended up
Over the years—they came to know one another through each of these stories; and before they realized it, they were spending every day together just trading books and discussing the new feelings that they got to experience because of them.
The other’s form quickly glides up and over, settling back down on the grass just a few feet away; but with the distance, his image starts to blur again. “I
She smiled and took it happily, probably feeling pretty proud of herself for putting him in his place—as well as creating what she calls “The Holy Grail of Dating Profiles.”
, to steal some oil baron’s mistress?” Bobby mumbles, picking up the pan to scrape out the sausages onto a plate.
just encourage his coworker to try and steal Cathy away, and that is definitely something that needs to happen—just like peeing is something that needs to happen, and if Dean doesn’t take care of it soon, he’ll be adding his beloved car to the list of places he’s wet himself.
Claire laughs. “Oh yeah. Dad said that that guy was just your roommate in the beginning, but Dad knew—probably before you two did, that there was much more between you guys.”
“Hello, Dean. Are you ready to get started?” Castiel asks, walking up to him as he stands just outside of the padded room.
“And you got a thing for the book abuser, so I guess we’re both a little crazy” the girl laughs, snatching the post it off his face just so she can crumple it up and throw it at his head. It bounces of his nose and rolls back onto the desk.
” Dean is shrieking now, suddenly finding the strength to pull himself back to his feet; but by the time he gets there, Castiel had apparently risen too and is eyeing him closely.
would automatically disqualify him from “perfection”. And soon, he’d be laughing, because the debate would be so stupid, so pointless, he’d forget to be angry anymore, and then he’d clap Cas on the shoulder—smile at him, and tell him for the millionth time, “I’m glad you’re here.”
times, I just finally have the guts to do it now!” His finger then wraps around the trigger, and he stares into those blue eyes one last time, watching them expand as his hand begins to clench down.
It would be about you and what Brad did to you. So, if that were the case—if this was all completely separate from Cas and he had nothing to do with it; what would you do? Would you press charges against Brad? Would you be wanting him to go away for what he did to you?”
Dean’s hopes of this dessert being an ample distraction are quickly dashed however, because watching Castiel lick the edge of his spoon and suck whip cream off the tip of his thumb is absolutely pornographic—and Dean has to constantly adjust in his seat just to keep his pants from bulging.
what I need right now. Just hang the fuck on! I’ll be right back.” Dean hops to his feet and then grabs the pillow off the bed, holding it over his crotch as he moves towards the door. He takes a look back at Castiel, scanning over that tan, bulky body—already missing the weight of it on top of him, and his cock presses hard against the pillow.
“… and even though it’s his job to write things now” Sam laughs, “he has not always been such a gifted writer. In fact, I think
“I will too” Dean mutters, not feeling any less accountable; and without thinking—he reaches out and puts his hand on Castiel’s shoulder, a gesture of reassurance—only realizing the second those blue arcs begin to spark that he just did something extremely stupid.
If he was paying attention, he’d be able to hear his brother yelling “Dean!” from the discarded cell on the tabletop, but he’s in too much of a rush to do anything now but carry out his attack while all of Sam’s warnings seep from his head.
“Castiel’s Barber Shop. This is Becky speaking.” The room falls silent a moment before the girl’s perky voice fills it again. “Oh yes, Mr. Tussleman! He
” And then he smiles sadly to himself, allowing the echo of Castiel’s voice to flow through him freely this time. “It’s
. He normally hates when employees push their help on him in stores, but this time, Peter’s young and goofy smile is a welcome one.
. “I’m sorry!” he finally shrieks, not able to control sobs that follow; because even though he is terrifying and cruel, Castiel is
Dean is laughing but trying not to move his head. “Hey, us older brothers have to keep up appearances, or else there’s a shift in power—and we just can’t have that.”
. Their hands, still warm, still full of life, still ready to fight so that they can lay them upon one another at the end of the day and show each other that—
a tie?” Dean is dying now—holding the edge of the counter to keep himself from laughing right down onto the floor.
Dean blinks a few times, already crying and terrified that each time he opens his eyes again, Cas would disappear too; but he doesn’t. He’s still there, solid, real and standing in front of him, and Dean can’t hold himself back anymore.
Dean freezes mid-retreat with the sound of the low, gruff voice; and as he turns his head to look across the shop towards the back door, the most beautiful man he’s ever seen suddenly emerges. He is about as tall as Dean is, but thicker all around—
Sorry for the delay ... ironically enough, the library that I work at kept me so busy that it took forever for me to write the next chapter for my fic about a busy librarian!
Thankfully, Castiel starts to laugh too, eventually falling back into Dean with one more gentle kiss before curling into his side and stilling himself there, giving Dean permission to put his arm around his shoulder and hold him close as they both look up towards the vast night sky.
“What do you think? We could meet at my training center tomorrow. I would need to reserve the room, but it’s not a very busy location, so I don’t see that being an issue.” Castiel is practically bouncing with excitement now—giddy with this idea that could potentially solve both of their anxiety problems. And Dean
The response isn’t nearly as playful, and Cas sags a little with Dean’s tone, wondering if that was a dig at him
...” Dean whispers, still watching Castiel’s lips as he licks his own, “I don’t know what you want from me. I mean, I can’t lie—I think about you all the time. I’ve had a few boyfriends here and there, a few flings, but none of them made me feel the way you did; but … you
“You wouldn’t change anything?” Castiel asks, genuinely curious because he knows that he hasn’t always been a hero in this story.
. “These ones” the peculiar man says, lightly gesturing across the meadow with his arm. The swarm hovers a second more and then fans out, black and yellow blurs dive bombing the flowers below. Castiel then nods happily to himself before walking back over to Dean. “Apologies" he says, tone deep and graveled like the worn path below them. "The bees have been looking for more pollen, and I knew that
to fight, yet he will if he needs to. He knows the fewest actions it’ll take to get a desired result and he also understands that sometimes this job can fall into a grey area of legality. He’s been to court, he knows right from wrong, he’s serious but not
Castiel sighs with relief just as Dean sprints into his office to grab his phone and his keys, quickly hurrying back out so he and Cas can go; but just before they do, he leans down and gives Charlie a swift kiss on the head, hoping that it will be enough to keep her from killing him once he gets back. “We’ll talk—I promise” he finally says, just before circling the desk to take Cas by the hand.
using search engines at first … when I initially began my quest for a hobby, but there was simply too much information out there, and so much of it conflicted with each other. So, I turned to the local library. I thought, since I had been reading from the
I’m not alright!” He posts his hands onto his hips and begins to pace back and forth along the path. “You have to be crazy! Or
Dean feels his entire body sink into his leather seat, feeling heavier than lead and sick to his stomach.
“Ah” Sam nods, obviously thinking that that makes more sense than Dean being the inquisitive one. “Thank God for Charlie.”
Castiel squints up from the rose he’s smelling to spot Mr. Hanley walking his way. “Ah, good afternoon to you too, Mr. Hanley.”
Another minute passes and Dean is out on the tarmac, sitting crosslegged and feeling the heat of the blacktop seep into his jeans. It’s not pleasant, but it does calm him down. It grounds him and stabilizes his body, allowing him to finally take in deep, full breaths, which makes the world stop spinning so fast.
it is,” Justin says with a smile, nodding as he picks up the mechanized needle and adjusts the head. “Where do you want it, and in what kind of lettering?”
With a slow nod, Dean looks around the stark waiting room of the lock-up, but his boyfriend is nowhere to be seen. “Um …
All Castiel wanted to do was leave a note on the man’s pillow with a few extra chocolates. A simple surprise with a simple “hello”, letting him know that Cas is
He thinks Cas should’ve told Cathy and then told the cops. He should’ve protected himself in every way he could after Brad revealed his true colors. Brad should’ve paid a long time ago.
He sucks him in, all the way down until his nose is tickling Dean’s pelvis—and if he could describe the heat, the suction, the power, the pure flame that it sent through his spine, if he could describe
Castiel’s face blanks. “No! Oh—no, no. That’s not what I—I just meant that there are so many hairstyles that could suit your face, so I thought maybe you’d … you …
He lifts his head up and glances towards the tall shelves in the back— and his mind wanders, and soon he’s chasing it down the stacks and pulling down book after book to try and figure out the source of the name.
Within a breath, Dean is racing out of his office to jump in at Charlie’s side. “Um—it was fine, right, Cas?”
“Then why don’t you look like just a head?” Dean chuckles, eyes moving down from Castiel’s face, across his bare chest, blushing when he dares to look any lower.
“My brother lives here and I missed my family” Castiel continues, as if he read Dean’s mind. “Although, once I moved, I began to miss the Oregon coast a lot more than I missed my brother.” He laughs some and Dean chuckles too—it’s obvious the guy doesn’t really mean that. By the tone of his voice, Dean can tell that Cas loves his brother, and he also loves
“You can’t just sneak up on people like that!” Dean hisses, trying desperately to calm his still-racing heart.
He always takes this day off, because he can’t focus on anything else with those horrible memories swimming through his brain…
They stay still and quiet for a few more moments, just listening to each other breathe and the far off sounds of the pasta sauce bubbling on the stove.
Glowing neon sears painfully into his periphery, pulling Dean out of his muddled thoughts, so he turns towards it, taking too long to register the word that the hot blue sign spells out. “Tattoos” he finally reads.
He blushes after a moment, looking around to make sure no one else is nearby to hear him being such a sap. There isn’t a soul except for the squirrels and the birds—
done personal security but never on this level. I was the assistant for the CEO of a tech company in the Silicon Valley. The company wasn’t that large, so my position quickly overlapped into setting up his protection details when he would take high-risk meetings. We never encountered any issues, but my former boss felt better with me keeping an eye on things.”
“It certainly does. That’s why I was drawn to it—the mentality and the focus that’s involved makes everything a bit more challenging.”
Dean laughs—probably, a little too hard at the other man’s surprise. “Yeah, dude. That’s one of the perks with this job—you don’t really have to be straight laced like ya do in some office gig. If we’re watching Sammy at some fancy Hollywood party, you can have a drink or two. Just as long as you can keep a level head and a watchful eye, I ain’t gonna bust ya.”
The officer looks Dean up and down and then nods his head back towards Castiel. “If that’s true, sir, we’ll get to the bottom of it; but right now, this one right
He grimaces but he doesn’t say anything else, he just opens up his desk drawer and pulls out the wad of cash that Castiel had given him only a few hours before, and then tosses it in Charlie's direction.
The sun is just coming up as he makes his way down the hill, and it’s as pretty as he remembers it being, even though it’s been several years since he’d last been here. He and Sam were on a case—a cut and dry witch’s curse, but the hunt had brought them to this meadow in search of a flower they needed for a spell. They found it pretty quickly. The flower grows all over this area in the spring; but Dean decided to stick around a few minutes anyway, just to walk, breathe in the sweet smell of the new grass, feel the warm breeze on his skin. It's calm here, beautiful. The kind of land he’d love to build a house on and live out the rest of his days—if he could ever be so lucky. It's a perfect slice of Heaven on earth, and Dean remembers walking through this meadow all those years ago and thinking, “I wish Cas was here.”
studying the subject was starting make him hate it, and he didn’t want to hate it. It was Ms McCallin however, that encouraged him to go back to school to get a degree in Library Science instead. So, with a few night classes and a bunch of online material, Dean was able to take over once that kind, old woman took her leave. But now, with the numbers slowly declining, and patronage at an all-time low, he fears that he may have been the
Castiel gulps, eyes now dancing between Dean and Claire—suddenly wishing she’d start talking again. Words seem to come much more easily to her. “I …
Dean groans before rubbing his hands down his face and plopping back against the headboard. “Fuck, man … are you telling me that I was just seeing what I wanted to see?”
“Why not?” Dean asks, trying to keep the tremor out of his voice, but he’s finally starting to realize what he’s just committed to, and it
, ya see? We all take care o’ each other. Support local business and what not—so I suggest ya head over to Cas’s if ya want to get a
Dean rolls his head to the side and glares at her—a green post it reminding him to order more copy paper, clinging to his cheek. “You’re out of your damn mind.”
, has been very depressing the last few years.  Out of the three guys he’s dated in that time, not a single one has been anything special. They’ve either had creepy vegetable fantasies, or had no ambition in life whatsoever, or have been so entitled, they’d expect Dean to bend over and wipe their ass if they asked him to. No, he certainly hasn’t been lucky in love, so if Charlie
Castiel’s voice mixes in with the rumble of the red and black dirt bike he’s sitting on, and Dean looks over just in time to see the man’s face before it disappears beneath a helmet.  “Uh …”
“Oh! Mr. Novak! I’m so sorry, sir. I didn’t realize you were standing there.” Kelsey is beat-red and looks even more nervous than Castiel feels; which he thinks is a near-impossible feat.
“So, online dating huh?” Dean says, trying to change the subject so he doesn’t end up balling in front of Bobby. He’s done that enough in his life.
Dean would normally feel too exposed like this. He tends to prefer sheets and a dark room when he’s getting intimate with someone, but something about the way Castiel moves, the way he speaks, the way he looks at him—makes Dean want to be
Castiel has been showing him who he was this whole time … Dean just didn’t bother really reading him until now.
“Do you … do you want me to drive you home?” Dean asks after another moment, knowing that Cas’s truck is probably still parked at Cathy’s house since they had seemingly taken
Those blue eyes flick to him—slightly watery, but still just as bright as ever. “Okay” he says with a heavy breath; and then he waits, watching intently as Dean looks him over.
“Babe, are you back there?” Dorothy’s voice sings from the front of the library, and soon, the leggy auburn-haired girl is striding up beside Charlie and looping her arm around her waist. “You forgot your phone at my place, so I brought it over.”
“Castiel is a lot of things. He is kind, he is generous, he is thoughtful and he’s always willing to help. If any of us ever need a day off to deal with our lives, we know we can come to Mr. Novak and he will work with us to get us what we need. He is a wonderful boss, a wonderful man and an amazing friend … but it took
Dean blinks a few times, a little surprised by Cas’s segue and forwardness. It’s not something that people normally are so bold in asking. “Uh—well, he was cool with it I guess. He was—well, he was just
With a deep breath and a quick shake to loosen his muscles, he continues on—trying to feel a bit more at ease, but as he approaches the stacks of books, his muscles tense right up again.
, you’re being Dean-the-Downer, as usual! I’m trying to tell you that I think I’m in love with this chick, and you’re trying to make her out to be Freddy Krueger or something!”
Charlie throws up her hand. “No … I heard you” she snaps, finally peeling herself from her chair so she can stare Dean down more effectively. “You followed him to the wedding?”
Sam gets quiet, and Dean goes back to packing his bag. “Dean …” Sam begins after a long moment, and they both know where this is going.
have a lot I still need to do, but talking with you …” he blushes and rubs the back of his neck, feeling the soft skin and neatly buzzed hair that’s now gracing the base of his skull. “It was a nice break from all the stress. Like … this,
” Dean mumbled with his mouth full, and then avoided the girl’s eyes, hoping she couldn’t see the heartache and embarrassment that he still feels over Francis.
“It’s your first day, right?” Dean says, and Castiel’s smile deepens. Dean never missed a chance to build someone up—it was one of the things he liked most about the man.
He wandered the yard for some time after that, still hoping that he might see the old man digging through a heap of scrap, but eventually he just gave up and kept on walking in order to clear his head. He really needed to think about what he was going to say to try and make this up to Bobby. Dean can’t risk just running his mouth again—
And because those dreams have been replaying in his head, and since Charlie had just given him a super tough lecture about how he’s doing
Steadily and with as little noise as possible, Dean slips out of the passenger side door, hoping that none of the caterers noticed him in the last four hours he’s been asleep. He barely latches the door behind him before straightening out and straightening out his shirt, trying to not look too disheveled before he goes out into the open. Thankfully, he wore a button down and some khakis instead of his usual jeans and flannel. Not quite
“Oh,” Dean mutters, eyes finally looking around the room at all the art options plastered across the walls—and Justin was right, there’s some crazy fucking shit up there. Madonna eating an octopus, Daffy Duck fucking a watermelon … a naked woman morphing into what looks like zombie-Big Bird.
became the shadow—Castiel’s shadow, following him everywhere, experiencing the side of existence that he was always blind to.
, but now represent everything that he knows is wrong with the world … they represent everything that he’s missing.
He watches with a knot in his stomach as Castiel slows down, nearly to a crawl just as he comes off the edge of the mound; and since his momentum is gone, the heavy front end of the bike instantly dips forward, making the man take a nosedive straight into the ground below. The front tire bounces against a rock and it launches Castiel into the air, flipping him over himself hard before planting him flat onto his back in the dirt next to the still-whirring  bike.
“I can’t believe you remember what class it was” Castiel blurts, honestly amazed, because Dean had a notoriously
Sam winks at him, and Dean groans. “I remember the day Dean came back home from college to tell our mom that he met someone.”
Castiel nods limply as he thanks her once more, hoping that she somehow knows that it’s nothing she’s done to make him so upset. Heather doesn’t seem concerned about that though, and she proves it by walking him out of the restaurant—silent commiseration for the unknown problem, ensuring that he knows no matter what, he’s not alone as he makes his way back to his office. Claire meets them in the middle of the lobby, nodding to Heather, seeming to wordlessly communicate that she’ll take over from here.
Susan bobs her head as she stares down at the table, breathing out a soft sigh after everyone else goes quiet. “Well—that’s good; but I can understand why you’d be worried. Seeing someone you care about alongside someone they used to be close to is never easy. My ex-husband was friends with a lot of his exes. He always told me it was all innocent and I shouldn’t worry when they were alone together.”
“Fine! Whatever—then, what the hell do you want?” Dean snips, sounding about at the end of his rope.
As he purses his lips, he feels some steam wafting against his jaw—and then some almost-too-warm terrycloth is being pressed around his face.  “Is that alright?” Castiel asks, and Dean can only nod, because his mouth is covered, as is the rest of his face with the exception of his nose. “Good. Now, just breathe evenly.
those things, plus fractured light and heat.” Castiel hums a moment and then turns back to Dean. “I am a combination of all that and more, and I am here to ensure that the world continues to live and grow.”
Bobby grumbles something close to “you’re welcome” but then he shrugs Dean’s arms away. “Now, stop all your blubberin’ and clean up this mess! You spilt my beer all over everythin’!”
Dean is confused a moment—his brain still mush after his release, but it all comes rushing back to him as Castiel pulls him upright once more, holding him close to keep him standing. Dean’s legs feel like warm clay, ready to crumble any moment, but Cas is strong—
Dean’s eyes go wide, because the words alone actually sounded somewhat clinical, but they were also the hottest thing he’s ever heard in his life—and they make him rock hard against the zipper of his jeans.
If you were going just because you wanted to prove something, or just because you wanted to get laid, it’d be dumb and I’d try to talk you out of it …” Sam sighs before getting up to walk close to Dean’s side and rest his hand on his shoulder, “but it sounds like you’re going because it’s something you really
, don’t break down the fucking wall! I can just go get it!” Dean yelps, scurrying upright and pulling Cas’s arm down again.
like a sex god. His voice is deep and gritty, and makes every one of Dean’s hairs stand on end. He could probably read out every page in the phonebook, and Dean would still have a raging boner by the end of it. “He actually attempted to press charges against
He tried looking for him, but by the time Dean worked up the courage to chase after the man, Bobby was already long gone. He could just be wandering somewhere around the scrap yard, or he could’ve taken one of his old jalopies into town—either way, it was obvious that he was intent on
“I’ll wait out in the hall.” And with that, Dean scurries out of the room and shuts the door behind him, grinning ear to ear because—
And Dean is once again gawking at this guy, wondering what freaking planet he just touched down from. “I don’t—”
“So …” his baby brother says after Dean has a moment to calm down, “are you going to press any charges?”
is to protect the earth—to keep it moving, and where sometimes that means I must set into motion a series of events that will ultimately
—I didn’t want to come. But Charlie … the girl at the library, she convinced me that I should try to hang out with you anyway, even if dating was off the table; but I guess I’ve been doing a shitty job of
” Becky grumbles behind them, and Dean strains his eyes to look at her through the mirror, but all he can see is the top of her blonde head shaking back and forth.
“I’m sure—all those books, the quiet, the calm. Everyone just knows to hush up as soon as they walk in the door.”
“Don’t get too excited—I’ve only just begun” Castiel whispers against the crook of Dean’s jaw, but the warning has the opposite effect on him, and now Dean is arching with every new kiss that lands on his skin. The other man just chuckles deeply, and Dean can feel it vibrate through each of their chests like an earthquake. “I like you, Dean—you’re the first man that I’ve been with who has simply handed over the lead.”
“Come with me” Dean gasped after the air in the room grew thick with heat, grabbing the back of Cas’s neck and pulling their heads together so they were brow to brow, growling and grasping for each other—the only solidity they could find as they melted into themselves.
Sam and Eileen moved in together. They don’t live far, but it’s still weird for Dean not to be able to call out to his brother and have him walk down the hall a second later. Dean stayed behind in the bunker. Sam didn’t understand why he wanted to stay there after everything that’s happened, but it’s his home, and in spite of all the memories of pain and death, he has found a comfort in the routine there that still feels too precious to risk—so he spends his days mostly alone. Sometimes Donna or Jody will pop by with the girls. Claire will call him an old, crusty hermit, and he can’t really argue with her, but he tries anyway. Bobby and Charlie stop in between hunts and occasionally ask Dean to work some cases; and Sam and Eileen stay over every so often, and when they do--- Dean feels almost normal again …
“I think—” Castiel begins with a cough, muffled by his bulky helmet “I think—I’m okay—just the w—wind was—knocked out of me.” He starts to lift himself but Dean presses his palms to his shoulders, keeping Cas from moving.
When Sam walks into the kitchen, he stops dead at the sight of his older brother—smattered with flour, covered up with a dark grey apron, in the middle of what can only be described as a bomb-site. “Dude, what the hell are you doing?”
That grin is quickly steamrolled by disgust, and Sam is flailing upright, batting at the words that just came out of the other man’s mouth. “Oh, dude! C’mon!”
“You! You’re hilarious right now! Oh my God!” The girl continues cracking up as Dean continues to stew.
Context is everything, and Cas can’t trust a sixteen-year-old girl to read between the lines of a split-second comment. “I don’t think so, Claire. Things didn’t end …
The alarm inside hisses, warning him that he only has a minute to punch in the code before it goes off.  But it beeps happily once he’s entered his four number sequence—
will the one on the other side. Dean needs to be careful with this; and he’s just lucky that this is apparently a really slow night, or else his little stakeout could’ve resulted in assault charges,
Melinda huffs in some air and then lets it out slowly, frowning a little as she meets Dean’s eyes once more. “I truly hope that isn’t the case, but I will keep a lookout for anyone dropping off their books after hours.”
“It’s because you don’t understand women … or people for that matter” Becky chirps, eventually flicking her eyes back towards the barber before throwing up her hand. “Sorry—minding my own business! Not listening! Working! Nothing to see here!”
Dean follows the direction the best he can, but he really wants to see what’s going on. Being blind to things always makes him twitchy—and being twitchy with an extremely sharp razor pressed to your neck is probably not the best situation to be in. He takes one more peek around just before Castiel begins.
real, Dean! How many times do I need to tell you that?” Castiel booms, and the wind picks up again because of it.
that wedding, just to check in and make sure that that woman wasn’t getting handsy with your man, I don’t think I could blame you for it.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Dean. I’m Castiel—as I’m sure you’ve figured out via our window” He nods towards the glass. “And you’ve already met Becky.”
check in, however, Cas will have to draw things out a little longer than usual until Dean gets there. Then, just as he’s about to leave, he will make his way by Dean’s table and just “happen” to notice him. It’s simple enough in theory, but Cas knows that if there’s anyone on this planet that can make a normal social interaction
Dean suddenly spots the pie box that Lynn had packed for him, and he remembers that he put it in the trunk to keep it cooler.
“Oh my God! You spied on him in the spa?” the girl spits, face turning red as she doubles over her fancy plate of braised chicken.
“Exactly why I don’t trust ‘em!” Dean grumbles in exasperation. “They don’t pay their guys enough to really care about any of the jobs they’re hired for, and a new person is always rotating in, so no one knows the situation. It’s impersonal, and I ain’t risking your safety because you don’t want to sit through a few friggin’ interviews.”
The impala’s engine growls in protest but Dean doesn’t listen to her. She may be tired and thirsty but he needs her to move right now and he’s calling in all his favors.
Castiel swallows thickly, finally hazarding to move out from the closet so he can stand in front of the man properly, “I—I’m not sure exactly. I know I wanted to see you again.”
The rest of the guests clap and laugh at the end of the poem as Sam waves it above his head in victory.
. “Don’t do this to me now, girl!” Dean pleads, trying to start her a second time, but the impala quiets to nothing, showing no signs of compliance.
“No … I also like how genuine you are. And you’re also very sensitive and dedicated to what you love.”
Dean begins to sweat, so he props himself up onto his fists to give Castiel a better angle, and to keep their bodies from slipping apart—because Dean doesn’t want to lose one moment of this feeling, and by the enthusiasm in which Cas is hammering into him now, he’s pretty sure the other man feels the same way.
has gotten him in trouble before; but he figures that the guy can just knock his lights out if he starts to get stupid again, so Dean moves forward.
Lynn reaches out and touches Dean’s wrist, trying to comfort him, but the contact only succeeds in making Dean break down even more.
Castiel holds up a hand, motioning for Dean to stop. “It’s alright. I should’ve known that you would not be interested in coming out with me again, especially with how you left the bar the other day.” He takes a few steps towards his toppled bike and then puts his hands on his hips. “I told myself that perhaps you just weren’t feeling well, but I
