"Before we even entered the pub, I told her about being with you, about what we were before you "died", and about missing you so much… We had a few drinks, and we talked. It felt so good to talk about you, Sherlock. I told her there'd never be anybody else for me but you. I thought she understood. But she--- I think she had too much to drink, and she--- she tried to kiss me, but I pushed her away and left soon after. I regret going so much, Sherlock – I don't know why I said yes! I--- I never meant for it to mean anything - I'd never cheat on you! I--- I love you!"
“I’ll listen to my doctor, of course. I’ll accept any treatment you see fit.” His voice drops to an even deeper drawl. “
“Don’t know. I’ll call the headmaster immediately,” John jokes. “Perhaps she’ll make an exception, if it’s only
when his body was enveloped in warm water, and he really needs it to stop today. It hasn't stopped for such a long time now.
have to if he wants to keep him. John doesn’t realise it, but his body keeps getting more and more demanding, and one day his head and his heart will no longer be able to overrule the need burning inside of him. Loving the freak will not be enough anymore. And then he’ll go and look for it somewhere else. And that will kill Sherlock. So what choice does he have? He closes his eyes and rubs up and down in what he hopes is the right way, and John groans softly and hides his face by pushing it against Sherlock’s chest, and Sherlock puts his free arm around him and strokes his hair. “Sherlock,” John breathes. “Ah…
I open my lids just in time to see him bite his lip, hard enough to draw blood, and a second later his grip on my hair becomes painful. Liquid heat floods my mouth and I swallow, my eyes still set on his face, which looks its most beautiful in this state of ecstatic relief.
scream his name into the white noise of the pouring rain, his enraptured face illuminated by lightning, and John swallows his moans and shouts and holds his shaking body tight.
John swallows hard and then pushes in, hesitantly at first, because two fingers seems like too much, too fast, but Sherlock's body begs to differ and pulls him in eagerly, convulsing around the intrusion and opening up more and more the deeper he goes, and then he's inside,
"Why--- why are you telling me that?" she asks shrilly. "Are you--- I don't know, are you asking for my permission? Because I'm not going to give it!"
As some (many?) of you already know, this update took so long because my computer (specifically, my hard drive) shattered mere days after publishing the last chapter. Since I am wholly unable to tolerate writing on my phone, I wasn't able to write until just a few days ago. Thank you all for your patience! <3
"Studies indicate that people with OCD frequently report stressful and traumatic life events before the illness begins." (
John found himself positively drowning in the deepest, loveliest waters in the simple action that was returning Sherlock’s look. “You’re welcome,” he spoke in the closest thing he could manage to a steady voice.
Ever since the first time they did this, John has told him to relax before entering him, and Sherlock loves hearing him say it. No other man has ever been so careful with him, so gentle, even amidst the most passionate lovemaking, and no other man has ever managed to make him feel so protected and safe.
He trails off, amazed by his own boldness – behold Captain John "Not Gay" Watson, begging to be shagged hard. But who cares. He keeps one hand in Sherlock's hair and puts the other on his hip to encourage his movements, digging his fingers into his flesh.
Sherlock's arms tighten their hold on him at that, and before he knows it, he's being kissed again, gently, deeply, and in the kiss he feels the words Sherlock so seldom says out loud. He drinks them in and gives back in kind, and when they finally stop and get out of the bath with aching joints and shaking knees, the candles have burned down to stumps.
"John," Sherlock pants, and his name is the only endearment John needs, because no one has ever said it like this before. "
, even – if no one has ever made him feel like he's worthy of affection. Despite being so intelligent, despite being able to outsmart any given person when it comes to doing what his work requires him to do, Sherlock is so awkward in the face of private social interaction that it's almost funny. It's like he's got two personalities.
Hot fluid fills my insides then, and he attaches his mouth to my neck and muffles his cries that way. He's shaking all over.
"Yes," Sherlock says and smiles faintly. He can tell it doesn't look convincing at all, but he can't help it. "I'm finished. Go ahead."
He gasps and open his lids to see John right in front of him, still sitting in his chair, holding on to him with a worried look on his face.
"Get comfortable, darling," he says and clambers between Sherlock's legs, staying under the duvet to keep him warm. "I love you," he adds and places a sloppy kiss on the bit of skin peeking out below the hem of his pyjama top.
We kiss and kiss, and without thinking I put my legs up and around his lower body to rest my heels against his arse, pulling him into me a little more in the process. The angle changes ever so slightly, and suddenly my pain turns into warm, throbbing fullness, the sweet pressure of his hardness inside of me becoming everything I feel.
” Sherlock moans, and he loses all control. He falls forwards to hide his face in the crook of John’s neck, his lower body bearing down on the hand giving him pleasure and demanding more,
“Mmhhh,” he hums against me, and the vibrations of his voice ripple through me, causing my cock to strain against his lips and begin to leak.
He smirks with only one side of his mouth, which makes him look more handsome than should be permitted, and nods.
Sherlock chuckles silently, shaking a bit in John's embrace and making the water ripple around them.
Mrs Hudson doesn’t hold a grudge, bless her. She’s sitting with us now as we finish our breakfast, and I’m happy that she’s there – she’s like a catalyst for the conversation I’ve been dying to have with Sherlock, and she’s just asking away, with no apparent regard for the possibility that he might want to keep some of his experiences to himself.
They look at each other, and John is surprised that Sherlock is mirroring his own sheepish expression. It wasn't his friend who started this, after all.
Remembering the effect his voice had on John last night, especially that one particular husky tone, he breaks the kiss after a minute or two and says: "That’s for me to decide." As predicted, John shudders in his arms. "Wanna top this time?" Sherlock mutters into his ear to distract him a bit further, upon which John utters a choked-off moan and nods wildly.
He doesn't know how he feels about being a father so soon. Sure, when they started this relationship, he imagined what it would be like, and he found the idea not entirely off-putting. But now that it's really happening, he finds himself in shock, and despite his efforts to block it out, a voice inside him keeps insisting that this is not what he wants for himself at all.
people (those of others and his own in equal measures) if they happened to come in contact with his skin. To his own surprise it doesn't bother him in the slightest now. He's covered in John's semen, can smell it everywhere, and his penis is still slick with lubricant and his own release, but he doesn't feel the urge to run to the bathroom and get rid of it. Quite the opposite – everything that used to disgust him in the past is now evidence of what John and he shared with each other, which makes it beautiful and intimate instead of repulsing and shameful.
When he enters the bedroom to get dressed, Sherlock is lying on the bed, his head buried in his pillow. His shoulders are shaking, and hoarse, barely-stifled sobs are wrecking his body.
"No," Sherlock tells him, his free hand rubbing soothing circles into his hip. "Breathe… and bear down a bit. Come on."
Even through the thick denim, I can feel his hot breath brushing me, and my hand strays towards his head to grip his hair.
"Peter," he says carefully. "I'm sorry. Believe it or not, but I really am. But my husband is going to die. It's going to be slow and painful. He'll lose all his dignity. The metastases have reached his brain, his lungs by now. He'll forget his own name – if he doesn't suffocate in his sleep before that. So I beg your forgiveness, but he's absolutely right in wanting to end it before it can get even worse."
“Yeah,” he sighs. “Why not?” He looks at the familiar pattern of the wallpaper and at the cold fireplace, and then back at Sherlock’s face, because he needs to gauge his reaction, if there’ll be one. “I left Mary yesterday.”
“Sometimes I could swear the two of you are the ones who share DNA,” John mumbles to himself in amusement as he stirs the Chicken Madras simmering in the pot before him. “She definitely doesn’t inherit that cheekiness from me.”
. I love that you--- that you prepared yourself, but please don’t be nervous or afraid. I--- Yesterday we did quite well, didn’t we? Let’s just see where it leads us."
John's thumb is like a whisper against his cheekbone, like the softest of kisses, like safety and trust and
flat again that I've allowed myself to cease to monitor his every move, which is, on the one hand, a great relief.
John looks at Sherlock lying there in his arms, spread out halfway across his body, his long, pale back glinting in the orange light of his bedside lamp and his naked arse, lamentably,
He doesn’t sound irritated by my question, and I let out the breath I was holding and slide my hand under his collar to get more skin-on-skin contact.
"I was wondering whether you'd like to--- to come and sleep in my bed?" he then says. "With me, I mean. I mean, just
John shivers deep inside. He’s excited to explore this newly-revealed side of his friend. Sherlock may not be experienced when it comes to physical relationships, but there’s something fierce hiding inside of him that John wants to come out and show itself, and he wants to be the first and only one who’s allowed to see it.
"I love it when you say my name," he rumbles and pulls out of John to circle his opening with the pad of his middle finger only. "Say it again…"
“It’s going to be alright,” I murmur into his ear and kiss it softly. “It’s okay. Just let go. I’m here. You’re safe now. You’re home, Sherlock. You’ll never have to be alone again.”
He bites down on his bottom lip. There’s a loving glint in his eyes when he whispers: “I’m so proud of you.”
A shaky puff of hot breath brushes my collarbone, and I feel my skin become wet with his tears. I stroke my hand down the side of his face and collect the salty drops with the pads of my fingers.
Chiding himself for lamenting the lack of sweet-scented shower products while on a mission to dismantle the largest and most dangerous criminal network in the world, he rinses and then switches off the shower.
“I’m incredibly proud of you,” John says to Sherlock after a few moments. “For facing your fears. And I know she is, too.”
He rocks his hips in shallow, barely noticeable thrusts, sliding inside further and further, and as soon as he's all the way inside, it becomes much easier. I pull him down for a kiss, already addicted to his taste, and he puts his whole being into it, his lips and tongue distracting me from the slight discomfort of accommodating to being joined with him for the first time.
"Your beauty is beyond words," I say and kiss his hip, then his left buttock. "I could look at you forever and never get bored."
There's a brief pause, but then Mycroft says: "Well, since they somehow determine each other, I'm interested in both."
They're crouching on the dusty floor in front of their old flat, wrapped in Sherlock's coat, kissing as if there was no tomorrow.
He tells him what Mary said when he told her he wanted to leave, and Sherlock looks away then, his jaw tense. John knows he feels guilty for hurting her.
touched." He kisses my sternum and huffs lazily, rubbing his face against my damp skin. "Hmmm… I enjoyed being this close to you. But… I know you wanted to get even closer. I don't--- You'll have to
John can feel Sherlock’s cheeks move as a smile forms on his face, and he hums happily. “Partners in crime, and partners in life,” he agrees. “Forever.”
you…" Some more drops of liquid heat trickle out of him and into the space between us, and he looks at me out of eyes that are deep, bottomless pools of desire. "I want to--- come with you," he adds and hooks his arms around my back again, and before I know it, he's rolled us over and switched our positions so that he's on top of me again.
He cradles John's cheek in his palm as they kiss, his other hand busy gripping his thigh, stroking it with quick, restless movements.
He breaks off and moans, new tears running down his cheek and the bridge of his nose, and it breaks John's heart.
I am not entirely sure if this is supposed to help me by not making me have to look at him or to protect himself. I know him too well not to notice that underneath all his poise something else is hiding, something shy and vulnerable, but I know there is no use asking him - I will have to let him come to me.
He clears his throat and then asks: "Why did you tell me? You didn't have to. I'd never have known."
Sherlock’s almond eyes widen at that – not much, but it’s there. His lips open in a soundless expression of surprise.
I watch as he pulls the duvet off of it and then lowers himself to the floor to kneel on it, his elbows resting on the mattress.
“Okay, I’m sorry.” It’s the Captain again. “But this proves to be slightly more turbulent than expected.”
John doesn’t stop. He keeps it up for some minutes, watching Sherlock shatter to pieces with each and every thrust, and by now he’s almost painfully erect himself, which is surprising, since he only came so spectacularly less than an hour ago.
"I think you've been taken in by the misconception that, if you tried to find yourself a partner, you'd not be able to get any person you want. Any person at all."
“Are we done talking?” Sherlock wants to know, his long fingers wrapping themselves around the metal frame of his armchair in a gesture so sensual that John’s cock twitches at the sight.
I play the roommate in shock exactly the way we’ve practised it, and if it looks so real even to Lestrade, who's the first person I talk to after they've taken Sherlock away, it’s probably because I
, you're so sexy…" he moans, tongue-kissing the dip between my pectorals, and then the place where the bullet entered me. "
He sobs out a strangled groan. His hips buck forwards and he rubs himself against the side of the bed, whining in frustration when it doesn't give him the friction he needs.
“Your turn...” John says lowly and grins up at the taller man, who seems to shake himself out of his stupor. He raises his hands to the hem of John’s jumper, tugging carefully.
That’s the closest he’s ever come to openly admitting to me what Sherlock means to him. But I’m still angry.
"I freely admit that I panicked," he quips. "I'm sorry I was being stupid. I should have--- I mean, it's not that I wasn't infatuated with you right from the beginning. I was. But I missed my chance."
I resolve to tell him all that when he comes back – I can’t base this relationship on lies. It’s too important. I’ll just have to hope that he forgives me for being so stupid, so blind.
“I don’t deserve you,” he mutters and puts his fingers around Sherlock’s head to get him to close the distance between their mouths.
"What if we--- What if I do it wrong and this--- it doesn’t work out? Or--- Or what if she doesn’t like sharing you with me? I mean, she shouldn’t have to. She should be your first priority."
“Now,” Sherlock eventually says in a small, shaky voice John has only ever heard him use in the bedroom. A voice for him, and him only. “You can—
Without finishing the sentence, he falls silent, glaring at John, who in turn feels anger rise up inside his guts. Anger at Sherlock, for misunderstanding his reasons, and at himself, for not anticipating that this might be exactly the thing Sherlock
at me until I am there, inside him, and he inside of me, two souls as one even though our bodies are not joined this time, and in a final, desperate crescendo of lust I spend myself against the bed, making a right mess of everything, but utterly unable to care.
. Can’t keep his eyes open any longer. He tries to, really tries, but the second Sherlock pulls his finger out a little and then pushes back in, at the same time increasing the pressure of his other finger on his cock, all his muscles contract and he arches his back, throwing his head against the pillow, baring his neck.
. And he's breathing him in, deeply and slowly, and the push and pull of burning air against his crotch makes him grow hard so fast that it leaves him feeling dizzy.
"Okay. Let's go, then. We can buy some flowers for your parents, Mycroft, and Mrs Hudson on the way. And afterwards, I'll take you home."
"Up," he tells me and pulls at my boxers, and when I lift my lower body off the bed, he removes them in one fluid motion.
I work a lot to distract myself, and it helps a little, even though it’s been awkward between Mary and me ever since that disastrous date that wasn’t one after all.
John's knees buckle and he sits down on the floor. Just like that. Right in front of the door. His head is spinning.
"Of course you do," he replies. "You have no hand in this whatsoever. You'll never have to blame yourself for doing or saying something that you'll regret later."
Donovan’s voice is ringing in the back of Sherlock’s head, and despite all his feverish efforts to drown in out, it just keeps on bouncing back and forth inside his skull. He’s furious with himself for letting her in like that, but he can’t help it.
It's barely a murmur, since he's still out of breath himself and his lips are pressed against the soft spot of skin behind John's ear, which muffles his voice, but the echo of the words reverberates in the room anyway, slices through the sex-thick air around them, and he freezes and feels his heart sink.
Sherlock licks his dry lips and walks over to them, but doesn't sit down. He's not sure how to behave. Should he bend down and kiss John? Is he intruding on something here? Should he pretend nothing happened? Should he ask John what it
When he gets back with the flannel and wipes Sherlock clean, the other man jerks at every touch, so hyper-stimulated that even the most gentle caress sends him shivering, and John, despite feeling a bit sorry for him, marvels at the spectacle.
"No!" His voice is sharp, hard, and he sees his daughter flinch in response, but he needs to make this clear. "Don't you think he talked me into it. You mustn't think like that for
Hearing his name fall from John’s lips is almost too much, too intense, so Sherlock jerks himself out of it and makes his way to the bedroom to look for some clean clothes. Then the fire, and then tea, he reminds himself. Keep busy.
. Just as he’d predicted, she falls into a deep slumber within two or three minutes of hearing about the selfish giant and his beautiful, lonely garden.
Mycroft put him back together after picking him up from the bathroom floor (Mrs Hudson hadn't been able to lift him, after all), tended to his wounds, and told him that they wouldn't be able to do this on their own and that he needed to pack a bag and come with him right away.
Sherlock swallows, his Adam’s apple bobbing nervously. There’s a little mole right next to it, and John wants to kiss it. He lets his gaze roam over the rest of his long neck, over his earlobes, which are peeking out from under his dark hair, over his strong, expressive brows. His skin is like marble. His mouth looks soft.
I roll over and put my arms around him. Careful not to touch his back, I push my duvet, which I fetched from my bedroom after he’d fallen asleep, off his upper body to cool him down a bit.
looking at them like this. John's gentle smile, the way he pulls her against his body as they move across the floor, the tender kisses. Sherlock can't breathe. He needs to get away, but he can't. He has to keep on playing, his hands and arms no longer obeying the commands his brain gives them.
“I want to run my palms up and down your whole body, John… from your neck down to your feet and then up again, up the insides of your thighs… until I reach the place I want to touch most…”
my betrayal of your love, Sherlock? Across miles and miles of land and ocean? I’m an arsehole. I deserve feeling like one right now.
John's empty eyes, the hard purse of his lips, the faint scent of his aftershave – it all brings him back to the morgue, to the sensations of John's fists hitting his face, John's feet breaking his ribs. He deserved it; he knows that. But he's still scared.
John sighs, feeling a bit helpless, and takes off his own jacket before joining Sherlock and Rosie in the kitchen. He knows Sherlock will speak to him when the time is right.
John looks mildly confused, but also genuinely interested, so Sherlock finally plucks up the courage to elaborate.
“John. I know he does everything to keep people in the dark about his motives, but please believe me when I tell you that Mycroft is not your – or my – enemy. Quite the opposite. And I need a bit of help.”
did it. There's nothing you could have done to change the way things played out. Nothing. I--- I was so blind. I loved her, at least for a while. But not like I love you, Sherlock. She saved me when I'd lost you. I thought I needed her to. I wanted a new life, a quiet one. But even at the wedding, I started to realise that that wasn't enough. Far from enough. Your speech--- I started regretting it right then, Sherlock. You, the life we had before you went away – it had been the best thing that had ever happened to me. But she was already pregnant, and I didn't want to run from my responsibilities. And I--- I went back to her, even after I found out what she really was. And everything went wrong.
"We'll need a moment to choose. But some red wine would be nice. Your best one. Never mind the price."
, but it's hard to hide it all, and he hopes and at the same time fears that Sherlock will deduce at least some of it when he looks into his eyes.
He still can't speak. John keeps touching him. Makes small circles with his thumbs, ghosts his fingertips along the shells of his ears. Breathes against his back, warm and comforting.
Sherlock obeys, getting up onto the bed as well. He spreads his legs over John’s, sitting face-to-face and framing John’s hips with his thighs, reversing the position they held earlier. John puts his arms around him to pull him even closer against himself. “I want to do this properly,” he then says, kissing Sherlock’s cheek. “I’m in the mood for it tonight...Is that okay with you?”
"I should have told you about the plan, John," he eventually says, his voice even, but tinged with notes of bitter regret. "I caused you so much pain. I'm sorry. I took you for granted, and I didn't trust my own heart when I realised I wanted more from you than what you'd already given me. I should have been braver. It's all my fault."
"Yeah… I've been told that I'm not too bad at it," he whispers, and for this single moment, the old John is back.
"No, I wasn't," Sherlock agrees and runs his palms along John's forearms, enjoying the softness of his skin and the tickling sensation of the downy, silver-blond hairs covering it. "I--- I had to make up for lost time."
"Lean back, love… Yes, like that…" John runs his hands up and down Sherlock's thighs, which are now framing his sides, and feels the other man's muscles relax as he leans back against the towel. "Is that comfortable?"
"It’s okay," he replies and puts his hands around John’s upper arms, enjoying the way his muscles quiver under his touch. "More than okay."
"You're so fucking gorgeous, love…" John grumbles, sending shudders through Sherlock's whole body. "God, I love your cock…" His free hand is on Sherlock's chest now, and he flicks his nipple with his thumb, turning it into a hard little nub. "Are you cold?" he whispers.
---” John gasps, and then the words die in his throat, because Sherlock has found his prostate, and it’s like an explosion of heat deep inside his core.
He utters a sound of agreement that is something between a moan and a grunt and kisses me again. His fingers make short work of the row of buttons holding up my trousers while I finally rid him of his shirt, and then everything happens very fast.
When Sherlock's hardness breaks through the water's surface, it's covered in foam, and John grins and blows the weightless bubbles off his skin. Sherlock shudders and laughs. The sound reverberates in the small, candle-lit bathroom, and John thinks it's one of the most heart-wrenching things he's ever heard.
On Wednesday, I ask him if he’s had another nightmare since he’s back home, and he says no. He looks me squarely in the eyes as he says it, but somehow – and I can’t explain why – I’m not sure if I believe him.
His heart is still beating fast, the idea of Moriarty being there to destroy their lives all over again not having left his head yet. He pulls at Sherlock, finally resorting to taking his hand in his and leading him towards the painting with slow, careful steps.
Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut and feels the last remnants of his tears cling his lashes together. He's so utterly,
They've already paid for their funeral. They'll be laid to rest in the Holmes family tomb in Highgate -
John thinks it would probably have happened either way – his body doesn't obey him the way it used to in the past, and even though he still
John flexes his jaw. The tell-tale swelling of white-hot rage undulates through his body, and he tries to fight it down even as his ears begin to roar with white noise. He wants to punch something, wants to
"I--- I won't mock you, John. How could I? I--- God, I wish I was better at this! You're my everything, John. From the day we met to this moment right here – breathing was never boring when you were around."
"I haven't told him yet," he says calmly. "I wanted--- no. To be honest, I didn't plan any of this, Mary. I thought I could just get over it, get on with my - our - life. But I can't. I--- I think about him all the time. I regret so many things, Mary, most of all hurting you by being in denial all this time. I can't go on like that. I have no idea how he'll react when I tell him.  But I'd always want you to know first, before I do anything else. You deserve better than a husband who lies to you. You're not my plan B."
I open my lids, slowly, afraid of what I’m going to find in his eyes, but he’s looking at me with such tenderness that it makes my stomach clench.
He comes to a halt right in front of me as I sit down on the edge of the mattress and lets himself be drawn between my legs, thus giving me comfortable access to the place I want to explore, and before he can say another word, I have him inside my mouth, hot and heavy and bitter-sweet, and he utters a strangled moan that stutters and then fades away to turn into an almost agonised growl that sounds as if he was clenching his teeth to quiet himself.
“Yes, that’s right. Stop crying now. I’ll tell you the story of Little Nutbrown Hare again, okay? I know that one by heart. Can you hold me like that, John? So she can see me?”
The flickering light of the flames behind him makes the wine sparkle, its deep ruby a beautiful contrast to the colour of his eyes, which seem to have turned a much darker shade of blue, accentuated by the halo of glowing ebony curls framing his face.
He turns his hand and crooks his fingers, which causes Sherlock to shudder and whine lowly, his leg shaking against John's chest and shoulder so violently that he has to hold onto it to steady Sherlock and himself, and then he finds the spot he's looking for and rubs his fingertips against it in one slow circle, then two, and that's when Sherlock's eyes slide shut and he bares his throat and groans and moves his hips into the sensation, looking for more of it. It's an involuntary, primal reaction, and John watches in amazement and does it again.
“Because after tonight, I do not think I will ever be able again to conceal the reactions beholding your half-clad physique provokes in me. It will spark too many memories. Most pleasant ones, I should add. It used to be hard in the past, but now it will only be…
A familiar sensation of synapses short-circuiting flashes through Sherlock's brain, and by now it doesn't scare him anymore. He's safe with John. It's alright to submit to him.
It figures. Before he can make an amused remark, there's a large hand being put on his chest, pushing him gently down onto the mattress.
He’s lying in front of me in his expensive suit, propped up on his elbows, and if what we’re about to do wasn’t so important, I'd say the whole thing looks ridiculous.
Sherlock reaches out and cups the side of his face in his hand, traces the wrinkles around the corner of his eye with his thumb, then moves on to caress his cheekbone. John's lids flutter and his shoulders slump ever so slightly.
“Not now. Maybe later,” Sherlock mutters, his gaze never leaving John, who’s beginning to feel like one of the specimens his friend loves to scrutinise under the microscope.
John watches as about a dozen fascinated six-year-olds surround Sherlock. Several of them are wearing miniature deerstalkers, gazing in awe up at Sherlock as he gazes back with just as much wonderment in his eyes.
The longing to be with John is so overwhelming that Sherlock's head starts to spin. A lump of despair is forming in his throat. Everything's foggy. He wants John here. He
“No, it wasn’t,” I agree. “It was--- I knew it was just for show, but I also knew we wouldn’t see each other for months to come, so… it was difficult.”
stood all that time ago, and he looks down on the world below and asks himself how hard it would be to just take that last step.
It feels amazing. He's between my legs, rolling his hips, and I have to admit that his technique is a lot more refined than mine. There's quite a bit of wetness now, too, what with our combined sweat and pre-ejaculate and the last remnants of his saliva, and it makes everything feel even more incredible. I close my eyes and sink into the sensation.
“Thank you,” he says and shakes his head. “Sorry. I’m not laughing at you. It’s just--- Thanks for trying to spare my feelings. And yes, I do. Want to talk about it, I mean.”
From the way the lovers behave around each other, Sherlock deduces that they can't have been involved for longer than a few months – half a year at most. He himself doesn't have any experience when it comes to personal relationships of this kind, but he's sure that such a short time together can't offer enough grounds on which to build a happy marriage. It simply
"I should never have underestimated that. I should have taken what I wanted long ago. Or at least told you how I feel. But I didn't know how. I didn't know it was possible at all. I want a fresh start, John. For both of us. For--- the three of us. I know it won't be easy. I know building a relationship and raising a child and at the same time continuing to do what we do is hard. I--- I don't know if I'll be good at it. But it's worth trying. Nothing I've ever done has been as important to me as this."
"Did you like what I did to you yesterday?" he asks him and nips at his bottom lip. He can't get enough of this sweet, pliant mouth.
Sherlock inhales sharply and writhes a little underneath him, his fingers tightening their grip on his hair.
He's breathing fast, and his left hand is clawing at my chest, as if searching for something to hold on to.
He bobs his head up and down slowly, hollowing his cheeks, and I can feel the velvety texture of his tongue moving against my length with wonderful, perfect pressure. His fingers are on my thighs, kneading my flesh, and something about him doing this hands-free is extremely arousing.
Before I can collect my wits and form the words to do just that, he turns and rolls away to get up. I'm taken aback. Is he leaving now after all?
“You’re indeed one of the few people I would trust to put the fear of God even into the Yard’s most hardened inspector, but the risk you are about to take is not to be underestimated. Please give it some thought before you consent to it.”
"What are you going to do to me once we get home?" Sherlock wants to know, blinking at him in mock innocence.
; he's lost it for real this time, and John is supposed to just play along. Despite everything Sherlock has done to him.
He grabs the hem of my t-shirt and pulls it up and over my head, then drops it behind himself without looking. He's taking me in, and I feel exposed, which is weird. It's just transport. He's seen it a hundred times before. He hasn't seen the new scars yet, but I'll deal with that as soon as it comes up. It would break the mood if I told him now.
They've never made reservations here before, so John gets why the old chef assumes that something extraordinary is being celebrated, but on Monday, when he called and arranged for "their" table to be set and waiting for them at eight o'clock tonight, he didn't expect Angelo to recreate their first dinner in minute detail. He wonders if Sherlock likes it like this, or if it makes him sad.
tempted to look, to see details, but it turns out he can't tear his gaze away from that face, from that gorgeous look of rapture on the usually calm and collected features.
John is only too happy to oblige. Sherlock is not big on talking dirty himself, but he has always loved being praised and teased with words when they're together like this, and John loves doing it to him.
“Take a deep breath, then let it out slowly,” he tells me and gets on top of me, his tall frame arranging itself between my legs, and I do as he says.
no ghosts – if it wasn't for the fact that Sherlock, who's shuffled so close to him by now that their shoulders are almost touching, is also displaying visible – or rather palpable – signs of distress. He clearly felt him shudder at the sound, and his breathing seems to quicken ever so slightly as he rolls onto his side to face John.
Acting on auto-pilot, Sherlock reaches out with his left hand and fumbles for the still open bottle of lube, which is lying discarded on the mattress right next to them. He squeezes some of the gel onto his fingers, not caring about the mess it leaves on his already stained sheets.
Sherlock pulls away and brushes a hand against the side of Rosie’s face. “That’s ridiculous,” she says as she frowns thoughtfully up at him. “What have you got to be frightened of, Papa? You’re Sherlock Holmes, the bravest person in the world. Even Daddy says so.”
I speed up my thrusts and reach down with one hand to make a tight fist around his cock, and he almost howls at the touch. He’s so, so hard, and the sweat and lube and precome coating his skin make him slip back and forth in my grasp with the movement of our hips. I can feel the blood pulsing through his length, and I know he’s about to come. Any moment now.
Sherlock pulls him down into a slow, languid kiss that makes John’s heart beat even faster than before.
Sherlock scoots over and John rolls the condom down his length, carefully, his tongue sneaking out to wet his lips, and then he takes the bottle of lube and slicks him up with long, tight strokes that make little bolts of lightning flit through his veins.
John moans at the sight of his usually so collected, so perfectly composed friend letting go like that and immediately returns to what he was doing before, going down deeper this time to run his tongue around the other man’s shaft, revelling in his sharp, slightly bitter taste. Sherlock cants his hips upwards, probably without meaning to, and John sucks harder at that and wishes they had some lube. He told Sherlock it didn’t matter, and it really doesn’t, but he never expected him to like this so much, and he wants to make it amazing for him.
I open my mouth and rest him against my tongue, blinking slowly up at him, willing him to read in my eyes what I want him to do, and he takes a deep breath and increases the pressure of his palm on my head. I know he is watching me, watching in fascination how the muscles of my buttocks clench and unclench as I fuck the bed the way I fucked him earlier, and a perverted part of my soul shamelessly basks in his rapt attention.
I close my eyes now, too, holding on to the memory of you resting in my arms, and allow myself to float a while, the water’s unsteady surface lapping at my chin.
Suddenly, there are footsteps approaching him from the other side of the door, and a muffled voice, apparently just finishing a sentence.
He thinks of their first dinner together (Sherlock didn't eat, but it still counts) and feels heat creep into his cheeks.
He closes the door, very softly, and walks back down the stairs, and then he goes to his room and lies down in his bed, pulling the covers up to his chin. His lids are heavy.
John's hands tighten their grip on his head when he pulls at the boxers until his erection springs free, and Sherlock doesn't waste another second before licking a broad stripe up his shaft, ending with a soft swirl of his tongue around the tip, gathering the drop of wetness there to sample him for the first time.
It's not like the pink-cheeked, flustered smirk tugging at the corners of Sherlock's mouth as they stumbled into his bedroom after dinner, joined at the lips, hands twisting in offending fabric that needed to go, and
“Some of them had families, John,” he rasps. “Wives, husbands, children. What would I tell them if I met them?”
He places a few small, tender kisses around John's opening, feeling sparse hair and silky skin, and then flicks the little puckered ring with the tip of his tongue, simultaneously squeezing his bollocks in a gentle grasp.
John blinks and looks down at his lover's profile, which is standing out starkly against the dark fabric of his navy dressing gown.
"Listen, Sherlock. Did I find your looks attractive when we first met? Of course I did! You were the most beautiful thing I had seen in a long time, maybe ever. But I fell in love with your mind, your brilliant brain, your layers and layers of confusing personality, with all your quirks and faults, and with your
You were gorgeous when you found your completion in my arms. I watched your expression when it happened, when your release spilled out of you, running over my hand in unhurried, rhythmical pulses of warmth. And it
He hopes John will understand, because he really can't deal with this or, heaven forbid, take the lead. Nothing has been making sense in the last few months, nothing at all – he doesn't know who he is anymore, or what he wants, and sometimes he isn't even sure whether the life he's been leading up to know has been entirely real. Maybe there are more things he's made up for himself, like Redbeard, and maybe there are more things he's chosen to forget, like Eurus. Now the last thing he thought he knew about himself – the fact that he doesn't do things like this, that he doesn't feel things the same way normal people do – is proving to be wrong, since he
His arms come up to wrap themselves around John’s neck and shoulders and he bares his throat, his eyes closed in abandon. John licks into his ear, enjoying the full-body shudder that provokes, and repeats the thrust, a little more forcefully this time. Sherlock moans again and jerks in his arms, his cock twitching against John’s abdomen.
“That I am what?” he asks coldly, cutting me with what a casual bystander would probably describe as icy venom, but what I know is actually fear and disappointment.
“You don’t say. Dr Watson told me--- but no. Wait! Don’t tell me.” Her eyes go wide with realisation, and I would call her epiphany comical if I was not so terrified of the deduction she is no doubt going to make. “When I knocked on Dr Watson’s bedroom door, you… you were
"Sherlock, listen. I hurt you too. I abandoned you. There are scars on your body that I put there, all those years ago. You didn't have to forgive that. I'm--- I'm
doing, being allowed to touch him like this, and, suddenly light-headed and overwhelmed, he reaches for him with his free hand and grabs his upper arm.
particular idiot around – a feeling which is reciprocated by John, who, despite his usual desire to avoid too much close contact with his fellow human beings, finds himself quite intrigued by the mysterious personality of his newly acquired roommate.
this hair so much), he's busy licking the last traces of whisky off his lips when his friend smiles against his mouth and nips the tip of his tongue with his front teeth.
"We haven’t got a lot of time. They’ll be coming to arrest me." He’s still panting with the effort of our last kiss, and I’m surprised that a sound as ordinary as breathing is turning me on so much. “We’ve got an hour, maybe two.”
pleasant dream he had, so he keeps his lids closed and revels in the tender, warm feeling lingering in his stomach while burying his face in his pillow to keep out his surroundings – the bleary sunlight filtering in through the curtains, his bedroom, his girlfriend, his real life – for as long as possible. He's not ready to face it all yet.
John’s heart misses a beat before it begins to thump loudly against his ribs in excitement. “Yes,” he nearly chokes. “God, yes.”
“There’s all the stuff, all the science equipment. What are we going to do with that? I don’t know what needs doing. I thought we’d maybe take it to a school.”
I get up, the image of Holmes’ beautiful slanted eyes burned into my retinae, and make my way to the door. I turn the key twice and leave it in the lock, and then I turn back around and find Holmes right in front of me.
“I can picture it clearly,” I continue lowly, my voice rough. “Your cock sticking out from your flies, so hard,
, John thinks. He leans forwards and presses a soft, brief kiss against the corner of Sherlock's mouth, upon which Sherlock hums lowly and tilts his head into the touch.
Even though he knows it's not real, he's proud to see Wilkes accepting the made-up scenario without hesitation. He believes John could pull someone like Sherlock, and even if he thinks Sherlock is incapable of what he perceives as "normal" human interaction, John is sure he wouldn't deny that he's stunning. Although John feels somewhat ashamed for reducing the man he's sworn to protect from all that could harm him right after their very first case to his handsome outer appearance (he's so,
He reaches up and pulls one of my hands down until it's cupping his face, and when he sucks me inside again, I can feel my own outline through his flesh. His scruffy jaw, the way I can feel him hollow his cheeks, his soft, nasal moans - it's almost too much for me. I feel myself throb and spill out a streak of hot liquid.
, and enjoyed a slow, intense, and extremely quiet wank to the image of kaleidoscope eyes and violinists' fingers (clichéd, but
He wipes his lips with his napkin, carefully, concentrating on the corners of his mouth. I will myself not to care. And fail.
He runs his fingers through the hair at the back of John's head and then takes it into a firm, but gentle grip. John gasps.
He is probably still in hospital now – Mary insisted. She's probably there with him, sitting by his bedside, watching over him as he sleeps. Or they're talking, quietly, holding hands. Maybe she's kissing his brow, caressing his hair.
I cannot finish. How sure am I of Mrs Hudson’s loyalty? Is it worth the risk? And what is the alternative?
to, Sherlock… soon…" He pulls my head back, makes me bare my neck, kisses me there. "I want to do it all with you…
"Why?" Sherlock asks without meaning to. His head feels like it's going to explode. "Why did you do that to me?"
I wonder if he really cannot see it or if he is just pretending not to in order to spare my feelings.
Sirens are reverberating in the air around him, and then he realises that he's lying on cold, hard ground. There are people everywhere, shouting, running.
me,” John says and finally lets go of Lily, who straightens up and loosens a crick in her neck, looking at him incredulously.
Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bobs against his mouth and he can hear him swallow. “I know,” he whispers. “I know.”
Sherlock's lower body jerks upwards and he sobs out a whining moan that carries an unspoken plea to please,
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson. This--- this means more than words could ever express. I--- I can’t tell you how---”
Mycroft saves Sherlock from his Serbian torturers. He puts him in hospital and watches him being stitched up; then he gives him his coat and flies him to London. He takes him to Baker Street. When they arrive, Mrs Hudson cries and hugs him, holds him tight, and Sherlock bites back the stinging pain her fingers cause when they brush his wounds and hugs her back and wonders whether she's at all happy that he's home. Tears of joy look different, he deduces. And where's John? Over the top of Mrs Hudson's head, he stares at his brother. "Where's John?" he asks. Mrs Hudson clings to him, and her sobbing intensifies. Mycroft's features twist into an expression that's such an alien sight to Sherlock, at least on
. John doesn't really know Mary. And she's not what she seems. Sherlock can't tell what it is about her that unsettles him so, but he knows that there's more to her than meets the eye. What does she have that John thinks he needs? He can't be serious. Maybe it was just some freakish way of dealing with his grief. Maybe he'll call it off, now that he, Sherlock, is back by his side?
It’s so intense, much more so than before, now that they’re connected from head to toe, and John wants more. He presses his lips against Sherlock’s sweaty temple and inhales the scent of his hair, and on the next thrust he uses his thumb to give himself leverage, pressing the pads of his fingers against the bundle of nerves that gives the man in his arms so much pleasure.
"My dad always apologised afterwards!" he sobs out, his hands shooting up and blindly grabbing Sherlock's shoulders, holding him in a tight grip. "Always! He cried, and he promised it would
me, slowly and in the best way possible, and I throw my head back and press my cheek into my pillow and whimper at the ceiling.
The tip of his tongue bumps against me on the “l”, but is gone again far too quickly. I whimper, and I’m not ashamed of the sound. It’s okay to show him what he’s doing to me. He’s reduced me to a complete mess by talking to my cock for barely a minute, and he deserves the recognition.
Sherlock sucks his bottom lip between his teeth and exhales through his nose, then grips whole handfuls of the sheet he's lying on and holds on to it, white-knuckled. He nods again.
Maybe those are tears in his aquamarine eyes. Maybe it is just a trick of the light. Maybe the pleasures of the flesh are the one and only thing that make Sherlock Holmes forget his pride.
He huffs out something akin to a laugh and puts his hand over mine, entwining our fingers in doing so.
" – "Don't you like it?" – "Of course I do, but---" – "Mmhhh… Shut up, John." – "O---okay--- oh, fuck,
He smiles and nips at Sherlock's perfect Cupid's bow, which was apparently made for being kissed, like the whole rest of him, really, and he's just in the process of calculating the logistics of getting Sherlock and himself into the bed at the other end of the room as quickly as possible while at the same time enjoying the other man's hardness pressing against his abdomen when Sherlock suddenly jerks and breaks their connection to stare at John in amazement.
I try to breathe through my nose and let him plunder me, my lids fluttering shut without me telling them to. He pulls at my bottom lip with his front teeth, then lets me go and grips my face, runs his thumb across my cheek, my chin, searing my skin with his touch.
John reaches behind himself and puts his hand on Sherlock's thigh, squeezing it gently, whereupon Sherlock sighs heavily and kisses his temple.
He holds me up, my buttocks resting in his palms, and begins to suck me slowly and with relish, moving his head up and down in a lazy rhythm, and the sight of his lips stretching around my girth as he looks into my eyes from under heavy lids is almost too much to handle. I shiver from head to toe and groan and feel myself swell inside the wet cavern of his mouth.
"Hmmm…" John hums and teases him with the tip of his tongue while his right hand makes his way down over his stomach and between his legs to cup his rapidly filling cock. "Not so soft
“Either way, the result will be the same. When he’s back, he’ll be safe, and there’ll be work for him to do, which he’ll enjoy. You know what he’s like. And you and I, Dr Watson, will have a person we both hold very dear back in our lives. And don’t you doubt for
He turns towards my crotch and stares at the place where my cock is already making attempts at joining the conversation.
I almost laugh, but I don’t want to be mean. Mycroft was, in his own particular way, a great help during the last two years. I won’t gloat.
"Sherlock… Your unique blend of innocence and sex appeal is quite a sight to behold," he replies, barely audibly, and gives him a shy half-grin, and Sherlock's heart begins to beat faster at that.
"Hey," he breathes, then clears his throat. The next words come out louder, a bit firmer. "I'm--- I thought---"
He’s never cheered for a pilot before, and he’s sure Lily hasn’t either. But when the people around them start to clap and whoop, they both join in, and in his exhilaration at being alive, John somehow forgets about the napkin in his pocket.
He tries to imitate what he himself likes when it comes to blow jobs and swirls his tongue around the head of Sherlock’s cock, pushes it into the slit and against the sensitive spot right underneath, and when a streak of hot liquid spills against his palate, he savours it. It’s proof of whatever it is that has grown between them; it’s something he knows Sherlock doesn’t share with a lot of people. No matter what will happen afterwards – he knows he’ll remember this night for as long as he lives.
He rubs his chin and cheeks against my chest, first one side, then the other, and the half-gentle, half-painful scraping of his beard against my already over-sensitive nipples is what finally causes me to come undone.
Molly, on the other hand, is awesome. She’s already off, preparing everything we need to be able to bury an occupied coffin in a few days’ time if that’s really what Moriarty wants. It probably is. Sherlock’s reasoning is far too good to be wrong.
ready) and then slips two fingers into him, breaches him with ease, all the while kissing his lips, his jaw, the side of his neck, emitting small grunts and hums as he does so.
"I’m flexible," he whispers with a loving half-smile. "And I want this day to be something you’ll never forget." And then, turning serious again, he says: "I love you, Sherlock. But I know it’s not enough to just say it. I’ll
When he reaches for the vial and the water bottle, Sherlock doesn't ask him if he's sure – not this time.
After all, he's practised in the art of suppressing emotions, of pushing them away to protect himself, and he's determined to push these ones away as well until he himself believes that he's over it and that it's quite alright that John is going to leave and never come back, at least not the way Sherlock wants him to.
“M-hm…” Sherlock hums. “I must admit that this sounds like something I’d find challenging to take into my mouth.” He pauses and licks his lips, apparently lost in thought for a moment. “The words, that is. Not the...
John's arms wrap themselves more tightly around his middle then and he brings his front flush against his back, bathing him in his body heat.
"You're the only one who ever saw me for what I really am and still liked me afterwards. You appreciate me. You touch places inside of me that I never knew existed before you came and showed them to me. You're--- you're the only one I've ever felt comfortable with. The only one I've ever been this attracted to. I think of you all the time. When you're not here, I wish you were. I gave you away to Mary because I wanted you to be happy. It killed me to know I'd never have you to myself, but I thought she'd be the one who could give you what you needed. I'd do anything for you. You--- you're
“Idiot,” John retorts absent-mindedly—perhaps his favourite nickname of all. He tries to gather his wits and open the much too intricate fastenings of Sherlock’s trousers, which apparently have to be secured from unwanted plundering by a button, a little hook,
He lets out a long, shaky groan and then sucks in a large, desperate gulp of air, and then he shouts,
Self-loathing fills John, and it’s like he’s full of lead all of a sudden. He can’t imagine going back to what they did before now – there’s a chasm opening up between them, and he’s the reason for it, and he doesn’t know how to fix it. There’s no way. He can’t take it back.
"Stop… " John eventually sighs and saves him from losing himself in his fantasies. "I'll finish if--- if you don't stop…"
There it is again, his name, falling like a prayer from those honey lips, and John lets his hands wander down to the nape of Sherlock's neck and then to his back, wrapping his arms around him as tightly as possible.
Sherlock nods, his chin bumping softly against the top of John’s head, a stark contrast to the almost aggressive pressure from only moments ago.
Sherlock closes his eyes. His brain is screaming at him to resist, but something else, something much more basic, is hammering against the door to his mind palace, demanding entry, and he knows he won't be able to fight it off. He was strong enough to do so in the past, but now all his energy has been used up and he feels drained. Weak.
Sherlock puts his hand on John's knee under the table and squeezes it, gently pulling him out of the downwards spiral that's been threatening to sweep him away.
"It's too hot under those covers," he says, his voice no longer hesitant and shy, but a husky drawl.
“I’m so in love with you, John. Of course I am. I’m sorry about what I said at the clinic. I didn’t think,” he mumbles, looking at his feet. “Trying to build a relationship on one hour of great sex and two years of sporadic phone calls and expecting it to go smoothly was probably a little utopian. But I want it to work. You’re my all, John. I couldn’t be without you.”
to atone for all the chances I’ve missed to ask you what’s on your mind. I only thought about myself and never considered what you had to go through. You--- Your nightmare, Sherlock… It’s the thing that finally opened my eyes. I want to help. I want to make it better. Please… allow me to.”
“Fine. Hurts a bit, but I’ve had worse,” I reply. “But I’m disappointed. I was so looking forward to the Turkish bath - I will not be able to go again before it’s healed. The risk of infection is too severe.”
John tells him not to beat himself up over it, and Sherlock shouts at him and bangs some doors, and then Mrs Hudson comes upstairs and complains about the noise and it's all just too much TOO MUCH.
So John pushes, sliding into Sherlock’s tight warmth all the way up to his knuckle. Sherlock whimpers; it’s a wonderful, primal sound of longing that spurs John on to try and make him utter it once more. So he pulls his hand away to thrust inside again, and within the blink of an eye, Sherlock’s turned to putty in John’s hands.
They don't talk for a while. Sherlock keeps moving his hand, adjusting his speed and rhythm according to John's responses, and even through the haze of arousal clouding his brain right now John can tell that he's
This is not like the relieved smile they shared after talking it all through yesterday, after crying and shouting and finally
Sherlock's lids flutter shut and he bites his lip, clearly torn between desire and the fear of being late for their daughter's visit.
“I love you, Sherlock,” he whispers. “I meant it when I said I forgave you, back in that train car. I know why you had to leave. I should have believed in you all along. I was just so--- so sad. Heartbroken. It nearly killed me to live without you. I--- I think I’ve loved you the whole time. So… it’s okay that you felt weak and succumbed to it. I did, too. I found Mary. She was supposed to make
I lick my lips, imagining myself kissing him slowly, deeply, with a lot of tongue. It's hot and humid in Colombia. He's probably sweating. I picture my hands gliding over his damp, slightly sticky skin. If I kissed him, I'd taste the salty sweetness that's unique to him. I’d suck it off his neck, his thighs, his cock. Oh
, his whole being reduced to a tiny bundle of nerves inside his body, and he loses himself in it, but he doesn't care.
Today is not an exception from the rule, and since both he and John have some time on their hands, the four of them sit down around the kitchen table, Rosie on Mrs Hudson's lap, and have a cup of Earl Grey and some homemade ginger nuts.
For a brief, unromantic moment I wonder if I’m okay with this and then remember that this morning’s bowel movements happened
He stops in mid-sentence, realising what Sherlock’s just said. Sherlock fixes him with a strange, piercing look, and there go
“You ramble when you get nervous?” I ask and send him a small smile. It is adorable to watch him deduce himself this way, but I stop myself from pointing it out. I do not want him to mistake my mirth for condescension. “That’s charming,” I say instead, because it is true. He averts his gaze, and a light reddish flush travels up his chest. “
John hesitates, trying to recall the exact date. “I believe it’s next Wednesday. So you’ve got a little over a week to prepare.”
He sobs again, one half of his face squashed into my pillow, his hands clawing at the sheets. Tears are spilling over at the corners of the eye I can see, running down his nose and his sharp cheekbone to trickle into white fabric and leave minuscule marks in their wake. His hair is in complete disarray. He looks like a fallen angel.
, and it’s intoxicating. He feels something wild inside of him stir and come to life, and although he’s fond of the idea that this is them
The memory, as clear a vision as if it had happened yesterday, is what rips John out of his frozen stupor and makes him move at last. He doesn't have a weapon. He only has his hands. He'll use them to protect Sherlock, to protect Rosie, whatever it may cost. He'll protect them with his life.
As the days pass by, he slowly gets better, I think, and stronger. I sleep with him in his bed now, and he loves to take my hand and nuzzle it as he falls asleep, still forced to lie on his front to go easy on his healing wounds.
The moment it's out he regrets it, and he's scared of the other man's reaction, but Sherlock surprises him and smiles.
"If you could see yourself, you'd know that nothing you're keeping in that fridge could get me out of the mood right now."
one now, thus reversing the roles we play in the rest of our private and professional lives, I force myself to break the spell and draw back, almost too fast, causing Holmes to blink at me in bewilderment.
I'm sweating profoundly now, and he seems to notice, because he grabs the duvet and just pushes it off me until it slides to the floor beside the bed, and then he scoots closer until he can cuddle up against my side. His naked limbs rub against mine, fitting themselves perfectly into spaces that were apparently designed for exactly that purpose.
His friend's sweet, soothing voice. It's encompassing him in its richness, its warmth, and John raises his head again and looks into his face.
“I’ve never wanted to kiss someone as badly as I want to kiss you right now,” he whispers, ending in a low growl when Sherlock wraps his arms around him in return and pushes their bodies against each other in the process.
"It's a painting, Sherlock," he says as gently as possible. "Look at it. Come on, let's go a bit closer."
John can hear the amusement in his voice, but also the arousal and want, and he chuckles in response. When he himself said it, it sounded more than awkward, but somehow it doesn't now. It sounds
“You don’t have to say anything,” John says. “Though I should warn you… I tend to babble during sex. I’ll just talk for both of us, alright?”
"Are you--- sure this is okay?" John asks him and positions himself, his thighs trembling with the strain of holding back. "No condom?" His voice is deep and breathless, and Sherlock can tell that he has to fight to keep himself in check. "Talk to me."
John steps behind him and leans his forehead against the taller man's shoulder blade. He keeps his hands to himself, guessing that he might need a bit of space until the feeling has passed. They
He's very talkative, and I love it. I can't say anything myself - my brain is too busy analysing all the new sensations and filing them away for later revision. I want to learn all about this, about what he likes, about what
After yet another indeterminate stretch of time has passed, something disturbs the silence inside and around him, and he comes to, his mind slow and reluctant to leave its senseless, spaced-out state.
"It's alright. It's me who should apologise. I'm the reason for the mess in the first place," he answers seriously, and I don’t know if he’s only talking about the remnants of our passion that are now staining his sheets and our skin.
John pulls back a little, just in time to give himself room to swallow the spurts of hot fluid flooding his mouth. Sherlock’s body is convulsing beneath him, which is an incredible feeling, and John savours every little detail of the moment: Sherlock’s moans, the way his skin breaks out in sweat all over as if on cue, his white-heat taste coating his tongue, his quivering opening holding his finger inside like a vice.
"I have no idea how she managed to return the coat without either of us noticing, John. Neither do I know how she installed that sound clip on my phone – and made it permanent. That's the very simple reason why I can't stop thinking about her. She's one step ahead of me, and that's unacceptable. It baffles me that this bothers you so."
"Look at yourself," John tells him, and Sherlock obeys and inclines his head and sees himself in John's arms, his cheekbones, neck, and chest flushed pink, his penis enveloped in John's fist, his eyes heavy-lidded and almost entirely pupils.
John’s heart both swells and shrinks at Sherlock’s words. He gazes back at the man he loves so immeasurably—the one he’s loved for so many years. And he thinks he might be able to gather what’s going on in his head, though it’s suddenly become glaringly apparent that he knows quite little about Sherlock’s past.
“My love, you’ll be okay… It’s over now… You’ve done it… You--- You’ve been so brave… You’ve done so much… When you’re back with me, I’ll take care of you… You’ll be allowed to rest then, Sherlock…”
If John didn't know him so well, he probably wouldn't hear the hurt in his voice, but he does. It kills him to imagine what they did to him, to his sweet, beautiful man. He's so brave. And all the while he, John, was sitting here in London, safe and sound, feeling sorry for himself, betraying him while he was saving his life. If he had gone through with it and jumped that night, it would have been all for nothing. Sherlock will never know about that. He wants to tell him that he sees his sacrifice now. He wants to say sorry again.
I’m sitting at my desk, reading through the latest comments on the blog, smiling at the sweet ones asking me how I am coping, grinning at the ones demanding JUSTICE! for Sherlock Holmes in capslocked agitation, and ignoring the ones defiling his reputation with hateful accusations. I never waste any time or energy on those – his faithful followers are always there before I am anyway, defending him with the power of their combined devotion.
“John,” he sighs, his eyes fixed on mine. “I should warn you. And not only because, liberal though the law may be, public intercourse of this sort is still a criminal offence, even in France. I have several years of celibacy to make up for, so... be aware that you're playing with fire."
” John moans and opens his mouth wider to encourage this endeavour, and Sherlock dives in with vigour.
“Dull. The husband did it. Even Anderson could tell you that. You don’t need me for this, and my time’s too precious to be wasted. Sorry!”
He exhales dramatically, and I wonder where the small, frightened boy from a few nights ago is right now. Is he gone? Or just hiding?
He grimaces in resignation, then smiles tiredly. Now that the initial tension has left him, he seems to be crumpling a bit.
They're living together again, have been doing so for three months now, but the old feeling of connectedness, of understanding each other without having to talk, without having to
“I love you so much, Sherlock. I’ll never stop. No matter what you do, and no matter what you have done. And if someone tries to hurt you, they’ll have to go past me first.”
He is silent for a long time, giving me the chance to collect myself. Eventually, he speaks again, and he sounds softer and more human than ever before.
He's moved back in, with Rosie, and they're working again, and Sherlock can't believe it – in his head, he's gone over this scenario so often in the last couple of months that he's scared he's by now mixing up imagination and reality. Is this him stuck in his mind palace again, like the time he tried to solve the case of Emelia Ricoletti? But he was high back then, and he hasn't taken anything ever since the day John found the marks on his hip and punished him for going behind his back.
, now John's licking up the underside of his penis, deftly, the velvety surface of his tongue giving the perfect amount of friction, and then he takes him into his hot, wet mouth, sucking lightly.
"You're perfect," Sherlock whispers, hoping John won't take it the wrong way and feel belittled. "You're doing so well…"
They kiss and whisper sweet nothings to each other and map each other's faces with their hands, maybe for hours, unaware of the time that's passing, and when Sherlock eventually pulls back and looks at John and nods, John knows that he's ready to go.
Sherlock cries out and his body clamps down on John’s cock, rendering him unable to move for a second, and then the rhythmic contractions of his orgasm start and Sherlock’s come shoots out of him and into the space between them. It’s hot, so hot, causing their chests to slide against each other with slick sounds that are obscenely beautiful to John's ears. He thrusts deeply, feeling every wave pulsing through his friend, his
possibly understand why, at least not at the beginning. They kept going until he himself believed that there's something wrong with him, that he
. Sherlock’s slack body is offering little to no resistance now, but his inner walls are still undulating around him, rippling with the aftershocks running through his system, and he’s almost there now, almost, yes, God, Sherlock, Sherlock—
John is glad to hear it and amazed at how lightly Sherlock is mocking himself and John at the same time by referring to their fight like that now, and he really
He sucks lightly and completely without system, building up saliva to make the hard flesh wet and slick, and the musky and slightly bitter taste of another man on his tongue is strange, but exciting.
I follow his pace and stretch him open, and soon - much sooner than I expected - I can scissor and spread my fingers inside of him, meeting hardly any resistance when I do.
Lately I’ve been thinking a lot about what would have been if I hadn’t forced him to tell me about the plan. I wouldn’t live at Baker Street anymore – I wouldn’t have been able to bear being reminded of him every day. I wouldn’t know he’s out there somewhere. I would visit his grave to put fresh flowers on it, and cry a bit, and miss him a lot, and then I’d go back to my pathetic life of grief and solitude and die a little more inside each day. How could he ever consider that way to be the right one? How
Sherlock feels tears prick at the corners of his eyes, but doesn't allow them to come. He wants to tell John how he's been dreaming of having him like this forever, even after the worst day, how he's always wished he hadn't brushed him off that night at Angelo's, how he thinks he should have told him that yes, men,
– he wants to draw it out, to enjoy it for as long as possible, and he wants Sherlock to get there first. It's an almost trance-like state, this back and forth between them, their synchronised moans, the soft sounds of skin slapping against skin, accompanied by the occasional splashing of the water against the bath and floor. John loses track of time, exists only in the moment. Everything around him is just Sherlock, Sherlock,
"I wouldn’t have wanted a shower anyway. I’ll quite enjoy smelling like you for a while." He sends him a crooked grin that looks not entirely convincing. "Might help me to come to terms with--- well, my issues. Might help me remember what’s at stake."
His clothes fall to the floor with a rustling sound and immediately he looks different - thinner, more boyish, almost delicate. He is very pale, his skin smooth and dusted with small clusters of honey-coloured freckles here and there. There are scars, too, some deep and gnarled, some more superficial, in various states of fading. I have seen them before, at the bathhouse, but I never allowed myself to stare for too long in order not to embarrass him - or myself. Now I take them in and wonder what happened to him during the years we were apart, and how much suffering he had to endure without me by his side. I feel I should have protected him, even though the rational part of my mind is well aware that he does not need my protection, or anyone’s, for that matter. Looking at him now, it is hard to believe that he can take a man down with a single punch, but I have witnessed him do it with my own eyes, and the knowledge that there is so much strength sleeping underneath his slender exterior makes me all the prouder.
John doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to waking up with Sherlock in bed next to him. On the nights Sherlock actually decides to sleep, he typically rises at least an hour before John, well into an experiment before John even begins breakfast. So the following morning, when he awakens with Sherlock huddled into him, he savours the moment; the rising and falling of Sherlock’s chest, his warm breath against his neck. He kisses the crown of his head—inhaling the scent of honey and lavender. As he breathes Sherlock in, he is revisited by memories of their conversation the night before. He simply can’t comprehend it; how could anyone not love this brilliant idiot?
his burning skin, and Sherlock listens to his own heartbeat hammering behind his ribs and to John's soft, urgent sounds of pleasure, and then John suddenly rubs his cheek against his, his afternoon stubble scraping Sherlock's own, and looks at him, nose to nose, his face so close that it's swimming in front of Sherlock's eyes. He's still moving his hips, his hands clenching and unclenching around Sherlock's shoulders, his panting moans hot and sweet against Sherlock's tongue.
“Hurry!” I told him, indicating for him to go ahead, but he shook his head and held my arm as I hobbled across the pavement, dragging my injured leg behind and shielding my newly-bandaged wound from the rain by covering it with my coat as best I could.
He sort of expects them to fail spectacularly and end up in a painful knot of limbs, but, to his pleasant surprise, it works out fine. He gets on his knees while Sherlock sinks back and onto the mattress, and he catches himself with one arm and almost slips out of him in the process—but only almost. When it’s done and John has come to rest on top of him, Sherlock gazes up at him and grins tenderly.
Sherlock smiles. The muted light of his bedside lamp is bathing John in its warm glow, and the white noise of the rain still falling outside makes him feel calm and disconnected from the rest of the world, safely shut up in the cocoon of this flat, where it's only John and him tonight.
"Touch yourself," he breathes into John’s ear, then licks into it and feels him shudder deep inside. "It makes it easier... I’ll hold you up."
“Nngh!” Sherlock stifles his wail by sinking his teeth into his own arm instead of John’s this time, hanging onto him, completely out of his mind, a quivering mess.
"It's easier for me like this," John suddenly murmurs, his voice throbbing through the haze of lust filling Sherlock's head. "Being the one--- doing the work. I'm…
"Hey… Do you want me to tell you what I've been thinking about?" he asks, following a spontaneous idea that has just struck his mind. "Would that help?"
Sherlock nods his consent wordlessly, his chest heaving with deep, silent breaths. John lets go of him and straightens up, pulling the other man's limp form into a sitting position in the process.
I take my time getting to know him, showering his collarbone, his neck, his ear with kisses that vary in intent and intensity - some say
He shakes his head, tears dripping down his temples and into his hair, snot running from his nose. He can't speak. He's so cold.
I flick my tongue against him and then suck at his entrance, getting it wet and slippery, and then I push inside as far as I can go.
he knows. He's Sherlock Holmes – he probably deduced it right along with Harry's alcoholism, on the very first day they spent together. It feels like a lifetime ago.
He remembers his medical training and crooks his finger to find the small gland protruding somewhere along the wall of Sherlock’s tight, tight channel, and the searching movements alone seem to feel really good, judging from the way Sherlock writhes and moans and presses his cheek into his pillow, but then John finds what he is looking for and puts pressure on the spot, and Sherlock arches his back and comes undone in front of him.
He doesn't remember how he got in this bed, and he doesn't remember the name of the woman who owns it and is currently busy between his legs, sucking him off with moans of pleasure that sound too pornographic, too over-the-top to be entirely real.
John chuckles, hoping the emotions he's experiencing right now are shining through. Sherlock trusts him, and he's determined not to disappoint him. He is a treasure, the most important thing in the universe. He'll cherish him forever.
John’s stomach dropped in fear. “I meant it,” he whispered in a panic. “But I was a coward. I was scared- too scared- of what it would mean to be with you.”
“Christ, Sherlock,” he gasped, his mouth working around his lips while he processed a the confession.
He drank until the nearly-new bottle was empty. As the hours slipped away from him, so did the terrible recollection of his past.
sorry.” It was all he could say. It wasn’t enough. “I am so sorry. God, I’m sorry. I wasn’t thinking. You’re right.”
Lestrade choked on his drink from laughter he couldn't contain. A smile crept along Sherlock's mouth despite his best effort to remain stoic.
Who's ready to see what the band will perform?! For your convenience, I embedded a SoundCloud widget of the song before the lyrics begin so you can hear what the band is performing. However, bear in mind that Sherlock is a baritone so the song would not be nearly so high as the woman who sings it in the musical. I encourage you to listen along to the song as you read through the lyrics.
But Sherlock’s eyes widened with surprise, a joyous glint flickering within them. “Classical music,” he repeated and it wasn't a question. “Which sort?”
“You’re a soldier right?” he asked, eyes darting to the empty glass. “I was, too.” John said nothing but simply continued to stare at the man who seemed so much like himself if he were to be stretched taller and perhaps made a bit more handsome.
On cue, the man accompanying him fished his phone out of his own trouser pocket and offered, “Here, use mine.”
Sherlock turned to look him in the eyes and, for once, John made no effort to disguise his thoughts. He hoped every single thought was as clear as text for Sherlock to read.
Sherlock’s eyes were wide upon him, fixing him there with his shame to drown him and he was helpless to move while pinned under that gaze and
He didn’t particularly feel like explaining to this stranger that he’d already been to school. That he’d love to go back and get his medical degree but he couldn’t. Instead, he just grunted “Cash. I need the cash.”
Sherlock raised his eyes to locate the source of the unfamiliar voice from where he was conducting some research for a case. Once he caught sight of the man, he was utterly helpless to look away. The lab, always dreary in its uneventful and quiet atmosphere, became the essence of radiance with the entrance of the gentleman who spoke those words. Sherlock was floored, baffled, positive in that moment that he’d never again be the same man that he’d been even one second earlier.
“I’ll tell him you’ll do it then.” John would have said something in the silence that followed those words cloaked in a disappointed tone but his tongue was too heavy to form any words. “Hey,” Al said quietly, hand on his shoulder once more. “Something will turn up, Johnny boy. Remember: the cream always rises to the top.”
“Ask me if I adore you,” he whispered, lips leaning in to meet John’s temple. “Ask me if I’ve adored you since the moment I heard you with Mike in the lab.” Another kiss high on his cheekbones and John’s head tilted back in consent of the wandering lips. “Ask me if I adore your company-” the hollow of his cheek, “-Ask me if I’ve been dying, all year, every excruciating minute, to find a way to tell you-” the corner of his slightly parted lips “-what you mean to me.”
There were so many points John wanted to argue or question, but he settled on, “What are you saying?”
When the words came, they tumbled out like a river crashing over a waterfall. They were rapid and slurred and his eyes were deliberately anywhere but on Sherlock. “I don’t think I like girls.”
Was it the alcohol skewing his perception or was the alcohol making him question his legitimate perception? Was Sherlock Holmes… flirting?
After some time, Sherlock's drunk mind demanded sleep. When he fell sideways into the booth from exhaustion and refused to get up, Lestrade denied his request to let him sleep in peace. Getting up in a mess of limbs, Lestrade stumbled away where his eyes couldn’t follow.
His limbs were being uncooperative, his arm swinging up in a jerky motion as he lifted one to receive the tea being brought to him. Yet Sherlock did not proceed to offer the tea he had generously made. Rather, he met John motion with a surprising jerk that sent liberal amounts of liquid flying from the saucers. His face was turned away, his whole body closed off to John where he stood dumbfounded.
John’s eyebrows were stitched so closely, they were a hair away from touching. “What are you on about?”
This time with a gentler touch, a more cautious motion, Sherlock placed his hands upon John’s waist. He made sure to apply enough pressure to securely lift him up once more, the body beneath his fingers much less tense this time as he adjusted the star into an upright position.
His voice, monotonous and dismissive, answered after a lengthy silence: “What is it that you would like me to say, John?”
“Are you?” Sherlock inquired, his voice thick with infuriating superiority. “I thought you were in the ar
John slammed the tray of shots down a bit more forcefully than perhaps was necessary. His nerves were ordering his hands to shake, his rational mind relieved when the clash didn’t appear to phase Sherlock in the slightest. He did, however, raise one eyebrow at him through his icy demeanour.
He fell instep beside Sherlock and the other man rotated to face the same direction, leading the way to whichever restaurant would possibly serve food at this hour. “You know, you owe me more than money for those drinks.”
John’s voice cut through his concentration, his eyes forced off of Tobias to focus on John, concern on his smiling face, his head tilted.
The frigid night air was a bolt through him. The instant contrast of his sweaty, leather-clad legs against the winter night was peculiar and not altogether unwelcome. There seemed more than a door between him and the club now. Music was dead upon this street, yet the beat seemed to be riding through the wind around him. The ghost of the song was still in his blood.
“Okay,” said John with astonishing bitterness. “You know what, Sherlock? Fuck that. No more pretending to be a couple for a case. I can’t do it. I won’t do it.”
“She’s broke and trying to hide it. Her friends don’t know- she’s trying to maintain her place in society.”
“All I need,” said Sherlock in a whisper loaded with a hope he was terrified to have, “In fact, all I’ve ever needed- my whole life- is you.”
describe how charming Sherlock was as he picked each pair up and attempted to deduce who bought them for him before getting most of them wrong.
The needle skipped over the record that was providing the background music. Sholto shook with surprise at the abrupt imperfection. His face fell and eyes shifted to the record player. The words that had been about to escape him were temporarily lost as John saw the distraction take over his attention.
“Oi, mate, come on.” Greg’s tone was uncharacteristically vicious, pain causing a hoarse quality like sandpaper to his voice. “Of course we want to be in the movies and win this contest. But it sure as fuck is not worth what Johnny here is asking.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, breathing in the brisk air, the wind caressing his cheeks and tossing his curls aside. He stood now beside the Arun River as it coursed seamlessly on its way to bigger and better things and he tried to filter out the white noise of chatter behind him as people enjoyed their food and company at the Riverside Tea Room a bit down the way from the riverbank he stood upon. He focused on his spot and, eyes closed, imagined the scene: there was Laura. She had come down to the river, had stood here and done… something.
“I don’t know much about music, I’ll admit,” came a silk voice from behind John. “But I would venture that you were quite good.”
Consideration radiated from him for six seconds exactly before, miraculously, he said, “Alright. I’m in.”
“Not any moment,” called Philip, winded as he walked through the door with the effort of carrying a snare drum from the parking lot into the rehearsal space. “This moment.”
The man he was introduced to is based on the actor who plays John's equivalent character from Bandstand. Just my way of giving another nod to the source material. :)
A large breath prefaced his words. “I wasn’t standing outside. I’d gone in.” He lifted up his jacket sleeve to expose a neon bracelet that mirrored John’s. “But I felt totally out of place. Everyone was enjoying themselves and I… wasn’t. I didn’t want to go, but I thought maybe… I don’t know. I don’t know what I was thinking. I just felt compelled to go. A moment of weakness, I suppose.”
John returned the smile, a bit uncertain in whether it was genuine. The whole ordeal seemed an awful waste of time in hindsight. Then again, looking at Sherlock’s knowing smile and feeling his own heart flutter with a happiness he’d never felt before, he thought maybe it wasn’t a waste afterall.
His goal hadn’t been extraordinarily absurd. He’d simply figured he’d go out for the night, have some fun, maybe get the number of a man or two. The thought of such an evening had run through his head nearly every day for a year, yet he perpetually invented reasons to stay home.
“Er-” His eyes darted to the bar where the bartender stood cleaning the counter with the same rag he had used to clean the glasses.
Five weeks. Five weeks of trying to find a job and all he had to show for it was two extra weddings that Al recommended him for. He was grateful for Al’s effort, but it wasn’t enough.
This short letter was proof that one of the other letters bore the first time John confessed his love. He knew John and knew beyond doubt that he wouldn’t have confessed such a thing for the first time in a manner so cavalier. No. John- his John- would have confessed it in a letter dedicated solely to the subject.
Even at ten, Mycroft had been a self-important arsehole. Still, that night, Sherlock had cried silently into his cotton pillowcase until the sun began to peak its brilliant rays over the hillside. It had been the first time he'd fully appreciated that his experience was not a universal one. He was different in a way he couldn't even begin to comprehend.
“Oh?” asked Sherlock, and his pale face showed a curious expression with one arched eyebrow. “What’s that?”
,” he said, clearly frustrated that John wasn’t picking up on what he was saying, “it’s a song about love lost but hope for the future. It’s a song that reflects every single gold star man and woman and family out there!”
Victor chewed on his tongue for a long moment, words caught in his teeth and desperate for freedom. Sherlock’s stomach was in knots, forbidding any new breath of air until he heard whatever confession awaited on the lips of his friend.
Sherlock’s eyebrows were stitched together looking down at John until, finally, looked deep into his eyes and whispered, “May I remove your clothes and suck you off?”
“Where were you the night of the 21st?!” shouts a voice and John can only barely see a blur of black curls above him and he can’t even begin to understand what was happening. Was that- was the model from class on top of him?!
He turned back to face the man, shooting him with dangerous eyes. “What?” he snapped in a flat tone.
The two were unabashedly laughing now, his parents joining in on the laughter though they clearly didn’t understand either. He knew they were laughing more at the joy of their other son than from any understanding of the joke.
he knows things. He reaches conclusions naturally and easily and sometimes struggles to explain how he made those conclusions. It's slightly different from BBC Sherlock, where his process is explained more clearly and he always has the process of observations to conclusions. This fic draws upon both methods equally but ACD canon is the basis for a portion of Sherlock's deductions in this chapter. :)
“John,” Sherlock repeated, interrupting his question. His eyes were enormous globes as they penetrated him, and appeared to wholly dismiss anything in the world other than John. His mind, racing with questions and filling with an inexplicably rising panic, threatened to crumble into indiscernible pieces at the way those eyes bore into him. Their radiant brilliance cut through the fog of it all and lent the thinnest of corridors to lead John to clarity when he said: “I have it.”
Finally, if you (like me) are obsessed with the Lestrade/Sherlock friendship, go read another fic of mine called "Stupid With Love." I will always write Lestrade as a good friend. In that fic, Lestrade invites Sherlock out to drinks. They get drunk, Sherlock sings and dances to ABBA, and Sherlock rants about how much he loves John.
The scenarios ran through his head on an endless loop, increasingly more desperate as time progressed.
Every morning, John would trudge out of his room with sleepy indifference in increasingly scandalous robes that were testing the limits of Sherlock’s self-control. John would reach on tiptoes for whichever food would satisfy his breakfast cravings in the cabinet and the expanse of thigh that would reveal itself as the robe lifted to expose him was tantalizing- positively paralyzing. Mouth open, words falling silent, Sherlock found he was incapable to looking away for those scarce seconds that it took John to grab the cereal, granola bars, or oatmeal (with which he would use water from the kettle to make). Following polite conversation (or as polite as Sherlock could manage- the sight of exposed skin would often derail Sherlock’s mind for several long minutes), John would retreat to his room to change but emerge with several buttons remaining undone, his shirt untucked. John would ramble on about his plans for the day or ask Sherlock if there were any exciting cased while his doctor’s hands worked their way up the remainder of his shirt. This, perhaps, Sherlock could deal with if John didn’t insist on tucking his shirt into his trousers
An incredible amount of time spent suffering was relieved almost entirely in the arms of Sherlock Holmes. The affection was undeserved while Sherlock still bore the injuries of John’s rage.
“It has been a pleasure meeting you,” said Sherlock formerly through the thick strain that lay between them. “Thank you for permitting me to pay you back for the great service you provided me- and V-Victor.”
John Watson is truly elated when every word out of Sherlock Holmes' mouth seems to support his hypothesis that Sherlock, like himself, cannot tell a lie.
He looked slightly… taken aback? Affronted? Insulted? John couldn’t put his finger on it before it flinted off his face, replaced by his former mask of cockiness. “Sherlock,” he said smoothly. “Sherlock Holmes.”
“But…” he gulped, the next words flowing out of his quite quickly. “But I could also leave Mary, abandon our family and future. I could abandon my life to uncertainty, give in to temptation and forsake a life of safety. I could be with you and accept all the pain that entails.”
Distantly, he knew it was silly to consider what he was feeling as “heartbreak.” He was not dating Sherlock. He had never been dating Sherlock. All John ever had- and all he’d ever clung to- was the suspicion-turned-confirmed-fact that John was not, after all, alone. Sherlock, cursed as John was cursed, could understand him in a way he had never expected to be understood.
As John packs in the next room, Sherlock tortures himself by reliving the night that it all fell apart.
Sherlock's hands were nervously playing with one another, his eyes shifting from John to the scene around them. “I thought, perhaps, you would enjoy coming home to a fully decorated flat.”
Understanding bloomed deep within the darkness of John’s eyes. “Do you leave disgusting experiments in our fridge?”
John’s hands ripped out of his own, the ghost of their touch remaining as his whole body tore away from Sherlock’s. His body rolled suddenly off the bed and before Sherlock’s love-drunk mind could figure out what was happening, John stood exposed before him, though he seemed barely aware of his naked form. His hands raked through his hair, his eyes raking around the room that he knew so well.
“I have extras,” he muttered before huddling over his paper once more but not retaining a single letter on the page.
Sherlock was the greatest fool on this planet. His regret swelled within him for hours as he lay there. The crushing sorrow wracked through his body for hours, his pillow beneath him becoming soaked to its core from his tears. Even when his body refused to produce further tears, his body refused to halt the physical routine of sobbing. He continued to weep, his muscles exhausted from the motion of it.
He turned on his heels, a fluid rotation accentuated by the twirling of his jacket and John allowed him two-three-four steps away from him before he was shouting after him without consciously making the decision to do so.
John hadn’t the slightest idea what made him think that this was a possible task for him. He’d dedicated himself to simply doing it, but the idea of looking Victor’s wife in the eyes… of explaining to her...
The deep breath was knocked out of him in an instant, his whole body crumbling to the floor as something ran into him at full speed. “What the-” he shouted before hitting the floor with a painful thump. Face on the floor, he strained his neck to see who the hell had just tackled him.
It was only by a small miracle that Lestrade was able to hear every word of this with no troubles. Even to his own ears, the words were a slurred nonsense.
John shot a purposeful look toward Greg. The Supernova Band was the ensemble Greg had enjoyed as well.
As per tradition, John brought their star to Sherlock with an extended hand. He was reminded vividly of how excited John had been to get the star. He thought of how John had insisted on its importance. How he beamed when the task was done.
“What are you on about?” he asked with a friendly smile, taking his scotch with a grateful nod to the servicing bartender and walking a couple feet to where Greg sat.
“But when I turned around to help Victor up, he was still down there. He- he was tending to someone and he hadn't heard me. I screamed and screamed for his attention, reaching my arm toward him to help him.”
The music came to a stop all at once, a moment of complete silence following their sound as each of them released tension they hadn’t realized they’d been holding the entire time. The final note hung in the air around them, the accumulation of their hard work ringing in their ears long after the song reached its conclusion. John had time for exactly one thought before the crazed cheer from the audience found his ears:
“I need to talk to you,” Sherlock said quickly, professionally. He maintained an eye contact with John that he was incapable of breaking. John stepped a bit closer, though sensing it was perhaps ill-advised to sit or stand too close to him.
Didn’t he learn his lesson the first time? Wasn’t the loss of one love enough to scare him off of it entirely?
Sherlock displayed a glorious, brilliant smile and swept from the room without another word. Even the mousy woman was dazzled and John knew that it was something special to have caught the attention of that man.
“Then I’m in,” Greg said easily, looking immediately bored after he said it, his portion of participation done with.
“No!” he said, his tone harsh and far too loud and oh God, was the room trembling? “No, it’s f-fine. Really.” His words were thin and insincere in his own ears.
He rolled his eyes, a smirk overwhelming his features. “No, actually. My father wasn’t Gregory. Haven’t had anyone challenge me on the claim before.”
“Pah!” scoffed Gregory with a wave of his hand at Philip. “None of this ‘Gregory’ bullshit, Phil. Call me Greg.”
“Oh.” Philip cast his head down, a hand massaging the nape of his neck. “Dunno. I guess I am nervous.”
His words came out as more a plea than he’d intended but he allowed the raw emotion. He watched as Philip’s face processed the information, eyes searching John’s. “You want me?”
“We fucking did it,” said Greg, jumping a bit and surprising the lot of them when he ran to grip Sherlock impossibly close in a tight hug. “You were fucking brilliant, Sherlock. You were fucking amazing.”
“Tell you what. If you actually have a piece of helpful critique on my playing, run it by Tobias.” Greg’s face fell instantly, his smile becoming a ghost as his eyes made their way to Tobias, trumpet in hand. “If he agrees it’s serious, he can tell me. If not-”
Sherlock straightened up and looked at John as though the words were a challenge. His pupils were wide and moving too quickly to track, words spilling out of him with extraordinary speed.
Victor looked incredibly small in death. He laid on his back, his hair was unruly, matted to his forehead in a mixture of blood, skin, and dirt. Where his skin wasn't blown off completely, it was caked in a revolting mixture.  His hands were limp, folding in on themselves. One was hanging off the poorly constructed cot while the other laid on his stomach. His eyes were open and only by looking through his inanimate eyes did Mycroft truly understand and appreciate how much life they’d held before. While the sounds of a dying battle raged outside, Victor's chest was eerily still.
And this, so close to it. He felt as though he was shaking its hand through a thin, weightless glove.
“Fine,” he muttered and leaned closer so he could whisper the words under cover of blaring jazz. “My brother does not have mere influence over the government. He essentially is the government. He is the power of the state and the church rolled into one massive pain in the ass.”
know. Not for certain, at least. His theories were repeatedly confirmed, though perhaps John was simply a chronic liar as opposed to a cursed soul forced to avoid the truth. But how could he ask?
“Oi, why don’t you focus a bit more on hitting your mark and less on my technique,” barked Greg an hour into rehearsal, a rare instance of impatience breaking through after Tobias snapped once more at him for being “incompetent.”
Sherlock was far, far away from him. His eyes were unfocused to his right, a deliberate move to avoid looking at him. His hands were awkwardly folded around each other over his chest.
In his peripheral vision, he saw a sweep of blonde hair and assumed- hoped- she was looking at him. Her eyes were narrowed, she was leaning closer, possibly wondering “
Where there had only been ringing silence, there was crisp clarity. Victor always gave that to him: clarity. The incoherent muttering was the background to one soft, trepidacious: “John?”
The place was small and intimate with enough of a crowd to allow for privacy in their conversation but without a large number of people that would forbid peace. It sat in a perfect medium and John mentally gave himself props for choosing such a perfect environment for this outing.
His eyes remained glued to the contents for a long while, his whole body freezing as it was prone to do when he was truly, wholly shocked.
Removing his hands from his eyes and seeing a kaleidoscope of colour, he looked toward the floor for the letter to pick it up and place it in a safe place and found it immediately.
“No,” choked out John in what was a truly pathetic sob. “No, it was not about you at all. It was me- all me.”
The last door was his absolute favorite. Most often, he would stride down the hallway and make no stops until he reached this door. The other hundred doors held memories that had to be manipulated to maximize his happily ever after with the man he so dearly loved. They were merely ways to experiment with the relationship and live a hundred different lives with John Watson.
His body curled in on itself, the horrible truth crashing over him like waves of pure, excruciating pain. Falling over onto the bed without intention, his body shook with sobs that resulted in equal shakes from the long-unused bed. His arms wrapped around his knees, certain he would break apart without motion.
If he dressed in black, acted blank and ruthless, if he truly emulated the colour of emptiness, then surely the book must be judged by the cover. Black was his cover; the colour of midnight, the colour of death. It represented his authority and sophistication while symbolizing the dangerous and unknown. The colour itself is a void where all other colours are absorbed. It takes and it takes and it takes and it does not reflect even a ray of light.
It was not unheard of for Sherlock to enter moods from which he could not escape. In these times, he felt incapable of grasping a lifeline. He fell and fell and there was no chance of surviving the fall into consuming sorrow.
“That’s a good point,” said Tobias with dawning realization, his previously neutral face growing sceptical. “Why didn’t you?”
The words were a perfect ray of sunshine to cast away every trace of black clouds that had formed in Sherlock’s mind. They cast a smile on his face that was the sort only John could bring about.
He was hyper-aware of the way John’s waist felt under his fingers, the skin beneath giving way under his pressure, the muscles there tightening from surprise under layers of soft fabric. The sensation made Sherlock’s blood rush, but his voice was even when he spoke. “It’s your turn, John. Stop your fussing and put the star on top.”
uuuUUUUUUGGHHH this chapter is definitely one of those pieces I wish didn't have to be a one-shot. I have a WHOLE backstory to this that I couldn't get around to including. Perhaps one day I will write a separate prequel to this.
“John, look at me,” he whispered with all the tenderness he possessed. When those beautiful eyes met his, he took one cautious step forward. It was a feat beyond a miracle that John not only
John’s eyebrow cocked up on one side. “Oh yeah? And if I don’t?” he asked, a daring, playful note dancing in his tone.
Sherlock groaned, his mind hurting from the forced therapy Lestrade was shoveling onto him. “I don’t know! Love made me feel stupid, you know? I didn’t get it. But science, criminal cases… Ahhh. They never made me feel stupid. Smart with science but stupid with love. I never got it until now.”
Sherlock brings homemade gingerbread men to a Christmas party. The guests can't help but notice the cookies look... familiar.
“I cannot understand how foot temperature is enough a problem to warrant pointlessly thick, impractical socks being sold at such a popular store.”
He mumbled thanks in her direction, keeping his gaze fixed on the ground as he turned to walk out the door, manoeuvring himself expertly to avoid brushing against Sherlock. When he walked out the door, a chilly breeze made the hairs on his neck stand up.
Instead, he dug the heels of his palms into his eyes until he saw brilliant blue spots projected on his closed lids.
Sherlock needs help choosing a gift for John. Mycroft needs help spying on his little brother. Lestrade is the one helping both of them.
The truth was revealed as the pair were participating in a passionate embrace nearly two months later and John’s hands clasped desperately and unbidden at Sherlock’s back, fingers registering the slightest of texture underneath that cursed shirt. His hands froze and, too late, Sherlock understood the source of the halted motion.
“Yeah, a lady called ‘Gin’,” whispered Philip to John and it was the worst thing to laugh at but it was all they could do. None of them- not even Sholto- could fault him for his need for the substance.
“The band is not a burden. It’s… therapy. It doesn’t demand patience. It demands focus. It offers an escape from the thoughts that can feel all-consuming. The effort of writing arrangements is also a relief, a method of releasing inner-tension.”
The door swung open easily underneath the pressure of his hand, a light jangle accompanying the motion of the yielding door. The rush of warm air caused a prickle of pleasure along his frozen cheekbones- the chilly February air had been unforgiving on his unprotected skin. The inside was comfortable, vintage chairs littered in isolated corners for individuals while sturdy, worn tables were positioned every couple feet for varying sizes of groups. So early in the morning, the place was mostly quiet with two people in line, a couple tucked away on their own in the corner, and one older gentleman sitting in a seat close to the entrance reading the newspaper in peace.
John raised his hands to run through curls crafted by God. His fingers wound around and through the mess of hair that he’d spent years wanting to pull-
Gathering his shirt in one horrified hand, Sherlock dropped his gaze and walked away from the spot where John stood with shame.
The silence was thick, a pressure upon him that exposed his every nerve. Had he really been so desperate for another night out that he’d shown up to a band practice 17 minutes early?
The last door held the most precious memory of all- the one he would spend the rest of his life holding in his mind as well in his heart.
It should have been no surprise that, as early as he arrived, there was but one person already there. James Sholto sat rigidly still upon a stool, his head rotating only minutely when Sherlock’s footsteps reached his ears.
Their fingers brushed, setting every single nerve in his body on edge. His mind was clouded with desire, hope was overriding every attempt to know if it was John or himself who was leading the entwining of their hands, gentle explorers on the skin of the other.
Unbidden, his mind would still present memories of Sherlock's skin against his, his effervescent eyes penetrating him while his fingers traced lightly against his clavicle.
More than that, Sherlock simply fancied having John around. It was a companionship he didn’t intend to rely on so heavily. John never once truly believed in the blackness of Sherlock Holmes. He saw through the mask of brilliant emptiness and saw something more: the ordinary man within the extraordinary mind.
John’s days were composed mostly of waiting. Today his distractions would carry him through the day until evening came. He bided his time in a bookstore, shooting guilty glances toward the owner every few minutes. The shop was ordained with a stunning, handmade sign that proclaimed support of the returned soldiers but he knew his service would have no real bearing on whether or not he was banned for loitering. Still, he risked it in the name of distraction in the music theory book he found.
“My God, I am sorry,” came a voice from his right, deep with timber and sounding like a melody without a tune. John’s head turned quickly to the source, a man standing before him with grace and unparalleled posture. His teeth flashed dazzlingly at John, his jacket already sliding off of his back and into the arms of the waitress. “I lost track of time, you know how that happens with me. Thank you for waiting. You know me so well.”
Sherlock amuses him by deducing a few of their fellow diners, talking more animatedly than he's done in weeks, and John watches his lips move around the words and his hands draw ideas into the air and basks in the aura of energy that's surrounding the other man tonight.
He doesn’t care if it’s too much – he needs to voice his thoughts and feelings, and he thinks Sherlock needs to hear them, so he just gives his mouth free rein and stops thinking about what might better be left unsaid.
Twenty-two months after losing his best friend, John Watson decides to find closure. He's going to get engaged tomorrow. If Mary says yes, that is, but he's almost sure she will. A new life is going to start, and he needs to get rid of the last traces of his old one that are still lingering about his person wherever he goes, that refuse to let go of him even though he tries to shake them off with all his might.
He unlocks the door and holds it open for John, who, after a brief moment of hesitation, steps over the threshold and into the hall, his head down, as if he was afraid of looking at him.
"Are you going to stand by the door or would you like to come and hold my cock for me, just to make really, really sure?" he snaps, and he doesn't really know where this came from, given that he usually just accepts his fate and tries to hide the fact that he's been using up his emergency reserves whenever his watchdogs look the other way, but today he just couldn't stop himself.
“I researched you. Before we met I discovered everything that I could to impress you. It’s a trick. Just a magic trick.”
"I love you… I love you," he mumbles into the damp, glowing skin underneath his lips, his beard leaving faint reddish marks on alabaster white. "My darling. My sweet darling. You're beautiful. I love you. I love you."
He stops talking, not sure if it's right to burden his daughter with his fears on top of everything else. She puts her fingers over his, and his hand begins to tremble even more severely.
"Why are you trying to make Sebastian believe that we're involved?" Sherlock asks as soon as they get home.
"Relax," he rasps, overcome with emotion, and pushes in slowly, feeling the other man's heat envelop his finger, feeling him shiver and breathe around the intrusion. "That's it, love… Let me in."
It takes a moment until John realises that Sherlock is making fun of himself, in bed, right after having sex for the very first time. Love fills his chest, presses against his ribs from the inside, and he cups the other man's cheek in his hand and draws him in for another kiss.
"So… your bed's still there, too?" he asks and sends his friend a crooked smile, and his intention was to lighten the mood, but even as he says it, he feels Sherlock's muscles twitch as if he was readying himself to bolt.
“The crescent moon will bathe you in its silver light, making your eyes look so beautiful…” I resume my tale, seeing it all before me as if it was real. “I’ll hold you close, and kiss you so tenderly, and whisper sweet nothings into your ear… and if you happen to be in the mood, I’ll put my head in your lap and suck you until you spend yourself down my throat.”
“Well, now I’m curious,” Sherlock whispers, looking up at him out of his beautiful slanted eyes, and John’s world narrows down to this chair he’s sitting in and this man who’s kneeling at his feet, a man he thought he knew so well, and yet he never expected this to happen – whatever this is. He puts his glass down as well.
“John,” Sherlock mumbles against his temple, and John pulls him down for a quick, wet kiss and simultaneously opens the first few buttons of his shirt, revealing more of that long neckline that just doesn’t want to end.
Sherlock's elbow bumps into him when he settles under the thick duvet, wriggling a bit to get comfortable. A jolt of something he hasn't felt since he went on his first date with a girl and their arms touched while they shared an armrest at the cinema zig-zags through John's nerves.
"I'll give you something for the pain after breakfast, okay? You can't take anything before you've eaten," he says, grateful that his voice sounds firm.
John knows that this is the truth – when they first got together, he found it hard to believe that no one had ever successfully tried to make Sherlock his, but the younger man was so endearingly unaware of his own sex appeal, at least at the beginning, that he soon accepted the fact that he was the only one who'd ever see Sherlock like that, with his guard down and his demons gone. And it felt
He sounds so energetic, so excited, and I’m torn between unspeakable relief to see him happy and concern that he might put too much of a strain on himself too early in his recovery.
“I’ll do it,” Sherlock says as they pull away from the kiss, his words serious and authentic. “I’ll attend the event at Rosie’s school.”
“I’ll kiss that cocky demeanour right off your face one of these days…” I rasp, cupping the back of his head with one hand, and he smiles against my saliva-slick skin, rubbing his nose into my pubic hair. He looks ridiculously pleased with himself.
), he lowers his head and takes me in again, and I moan at the feeling of wet heat engulfing me once more. I tighten my grip on his hair and thrust up and into his mouth. My head’s empty, all thoughts of waiting, of restraining myself forgotten. His hands are on my hips now, and his lids have slid shut again. He goes down, down, and this time, he doesn’t stop. I feel myself hit the back of his throat, and then I’m suddenly inside something tight, something that’s massaging me with rhythmic contractions, and oh
If I didn’t know that he’s not dead, this would probably be the time around which I’d either start to have obscene amounts of casual sex, become an alcoholic, or just end it all and kill myself.
He isn’t sure whether Sherlock’s doing it on purpose or not. He’s a virgin, yes, but he wouldn’t want to put it past him to know the exact theory of it all.
He groans, and in the background I can hear slick, rhythmic sounds that can only mean one thing. Knowing that he’s talking to me while wanking off is a huge turn-on, and I stroke myself a little faster.
“Daddy! Papa!” she yells out, and the two men, sober at once, drop their arms automatically. John’s eyes fly open, and Sherlock buries his head into John’s shoulder to hide his laughter.
“Do you want to know who in this pub still wets the bed?” Sherlock asked, voice low and conspiratory in a blatant but intriguing effort to change the subject.
And this infuriating lack of empathy, awareness, or perspective was the reason he broke up with her in the first place.
“John,” whispered Sherlock, his whole body limp from orgasm and voice weak with the effort of speaking even that one word.
The sombre men silently shook their heads minutely. They’d never been so quiet, never been so willing to listen.
Furious. Reserved. Aggressive. Engaged. John was all these things, though Sherlock had imagined none of it.
Here we are: the end of the line. The final chapter. I am dedicating this to SosoHolmesWatson for being there to cheer me on EVERY SINGLE CHAPTER! Those emails with your comments were the highlights of my days.
A few rapid blinks from Sherlock was enough to make John feel better. “I-” he stammered, and John had the sudden, distinct feeling that this man wasn’t normally spoken to in that manner. A small well of satisfaction bloomed in John’s chest. “I am sorry,” said Sherlock, though it sounded like a question, the words foreign to him.
“I have friends in high places. Well- not multiple. Just one. And not particularly a friend, either” said Sherlock, still looking at John like he was a puzzle he couldn’t solve.
Lestrade called a cab for the pair and he insisted on sharing the cab, even offering to pay for it. When they were in the cab, the outdoor air and light of twilight woke Sherlock’s mind a bit. A smile grew slowly along his face without his knowledge as his mind wandered.
“And what day does the train leave for London?” John asked, his smile surely permanent upon his face now.
“Yes.” His throat was sandpaper, his muscles moving on their own to say the word with some ancient instinct to sink or swim in overwhelming information. “Can you tell me when h-he’ll be available?”
She beamed with a smile that revealed every tooth- or would have if she wasn’t missing a few- and proclaimed “It’s a cab from London. Uncle Lestrade doesn’t have a car and he’s surely the only person who would pay the cab fare all the way from London to see us.”
John Watson had plenty of talent and burning ambition. His songs were authentic from living through four years of hell. John Watson needed something to block out the memory and break this insomnious spell and here it was. His number one priority- his only priority- was to find a group of men who could do this with him.
Philip had never been to the bar Sherlock brought him to before, but it certainly had to be a terrible place for men seeking to hit on women. As far as Philip could see, there wasn’t a single woman in the whole joint. Instead, there was nothing but men, mostly alone or in pairs. But the atmosphere was friendly, the drinks delicious, and the music wonderful.
No. His mind rebelled against processing what she’d said. No. The world was spinning, the woman disappearing behind miles of blurred concentration. No. It couldn’t be. He’d misunderstood.
“Shove off,” he said, lowering his hand from his eyes to his mouth to suppress a bubbling laugh. “I said I’m feeling it, not that I’m incapable of handling it.”
Also at one point "hisseed Lestraded, througouhgly chaffdd" was a sentence I typed, so there's that.
John flinched away from the name, though Greg couldn't begin got imagine why. Yet with the rest of the band agreeing that they all knew and John letting the piano cover drop over its keys, they all began packing away and small talk erupted that arose as the very specific, distinct sound of the end of rehearsal.
, John.” His words were tense, almost… protective? “He is not high. He is not homeless. And he would never presume the worst in a person without knowing the facts.” John flushed a deep, solid scarlet. “He was hurt in the war. Nobody knows what happened, he can’t even remember obtaining an injury. My bet? He was shot in the head and they had a devil of a time with the surgery. He isn’t always brilliant but he knows things and he is still useful to society and others. Yet as much as this hypocritical society claims they want to help the men who served, no one will hire him. Because there’s ‘something off with him’ or he’s ‘
The letter followed the logic of someone using only their train of thought to propel their writing. It was like reading someone’s mind, this letter. A distinct peek into the exact workings of John’s mind.
“We gotta plunk it out here,” John said when he turned to the third page and saw some technical problems with the bass line. “We gotta fine tune it.”
John couldn’t rake the music quickly enough, heat rising in him from a cocktail of excitement and precaution. The words sunk in as he scanned them, the ghost of a melody in his head as he read through Sherlock’s scrappy sheet music.
John put incredible effort into controlling his anger, working the muscles in his body to relax, and tell himself that Sherlock’s reaction had no impact on the need for the words in John’s mind to escape. He needed to continue his confessions even if they were not met with eager ears.
“No, stop,” said John loudly over Sherlock’s dismissal. Sherlock fell silent, mortified. “It’s my fault.”
Tobias simply stared at John with a doubtful look. John sighed, his hands clenching to feel the hard nails sink deep into the skin of his palms. His eyes sought the floor, scanning for a pattern to fixate on while soft words slipped from his tight lips. “We need this. I know we
John was sputtering with indignation. Without a thought in his head, he shouted, “I wasn’t doing those things because I
“George, you clever bastard. You’ve deduced the inner desires of my mind,” proclaimed Sherlock. His body drooped forward lazily to pick up a solitary chip. He ate the thing in one bite and it was absolutely glorious.
Sighing, Sherlock imagined John before him, all 5’7” of shining eyes and strong stature. “He’s so handsome. His big eyes that I want to swim in and his powerful but cute hands and... I can’t wait to be home. Our home.”
If there existed but one grand truth, it was this: Sherlock Holmes was incapable of uttering words devoid of deception. He was full of the poison, cursed from birth to speak only lies.
Sherlock appeared to think about the question for some time before his eyes connected once more with John’s. “That would be you, primarily.”
And Lord knew he needed one right now- a drink. He could feel the beloved numbing sensation of his pre-show whisky wearing off, the edges of the world approaching him with razor-sharp threats. His fingers were already itching for the cool touch of glass upon his fingertips. As the impacts of his last drink made its exit, the images, scent, and sounds of that damned camp began to overwhelm him in slow, brutal waves of recollection. If he didn’t feel the burning liquid flow down his throat within the next fifteen minutes, he was liable to crumble to the ground where he stood.
Sherlock slid his gaze between John and the woman before settling on John and releasing a soft “Ah,” that was so damned informed that John’s humiliation turned into something worse, something poisonous.
Suppressing an eye roll, he responded with every bit of patience he possessed: “Socks, Sherlock. They're fuzzy socks.”
Save for the hand that was holding the note unsteady, tears touched nearly every portion of his upper body. With no desire to ruin the letter and no way to safely put it back in its cage, he allowed the letter’s pages to fall open-faced on the bed beside him.
It was impossible for John- a man whom Sherlock found himself caring for deeply and devoutly after an incredibly short time together- to truly regard Sherlock so highly. Yet he saw himself mirrored within John. He saw disdain for the words falling from his mouth, saw the way he struggled with what he wanted to say, saw that he was hiding something. Therefore, what remained was, although infinitely improbable, that John Watson, like himself, could only speak in lies.
“No,” he jumped to correct. “I’m just confused about… I mean to say… Didn’t you just meet them? When did they tell you?”
need this. Because I need it, honestly. We may be different- Army and Marine, piano and trumpet- but we’re both musician soldiers who went through hell and were abruptly forced back into civil life and told that life would be just like it was before. We’re both officers who were given one purpose to fixate on and then were thrown back into normalcy without a purpose.”
Several theories formed in his mind: John, furiously going through his closet for signs that Sherlock faked the whole ordeal while he was still in the denial stage of grief. Mrs. Hudson coming in to remove his sheets but being unable to do so because of her own grief. Lestrade being tasked with gathering his things but finding it a more difficult task than he imagined.
“That’s why you have me,” added Sherlock playfully after a moment. A great, crooked smile crossed Sherlock’s face when he saw Lestrade’s face soften as his words sunk in.
With clumsy haste, he got off the man and the action was followed by mumbled protestations, but they weren’t long-lived. Sliding off the chair, he got on his knees between Sherlock’s long legs. He looked hungrily at the bulge before him, his own hunger demanding satisfaction that very moment.
“To watch.” John said the two words with so much finality that the unsatisfactory answer immediately stopped the glances they’d all been shooting Sherlock. “If we’re ready to play, let’s go from the top.”
But still, the applied description left him wanting and he’d realized he would never again look into them for reassurance in this world brimming with cruelty.
He always knew this is how he would die, buried alive with the volume of input his mind threw at him. Dying from a combination of suffocating and being crushed by the volume of those thoughts he couldn’t escape.
When his voice was raw, his energy depleted, the cold of the floor seeping through his trousers and into his bones, he sat motionlessly. He didn’t want to live on this wretched planet that no longer held Victor’s beautiful soul.
No, the rest of the letters would never see the light of day. Sherlock’s regret ran bone-deep already. All he needed to know was already learned: John had loved him, John had believed him dead and begged frequently for that not to be true, John had suffered, and John would never forgive him for these digressions.
“Oh.” It was all he could choke out, so scared of sounding too excited, too scared of revealing himself.
It was supposed to be a magnificent reunion: John would scan right over him in apathy before snapping back to look into his eyes. It would be his eyes- he knew it would. For Sherlock’s body was different now, his face aged and hard, his skin lightly scarred and different in its colour. But John would know his eyes.
“Emotions are dangerous,” he said to his glass. “Feeling things, attachments- they are wolves in sheep’s clothing. While appealing, they open opportunities for suffering. However, if you don’t open yourself to feelings-”
Al’s face fell alarmingly fast, John’s words seeming an act of cruelty as a frown formed underneath those kind eyes. “Ah,” he said simply, his eyes moving rapidly from John to the current player and back to John. “Tell you what, kid. A friend of mine needs an accordion player for their wedding next month. You still do that?”
Rather, John fancied himself confused and impatient in all matters. This was most evident in every situation pertaining to Sherlock Holmes. What, pray tell, had happened that evening in the sitting room two weeks ago? Though that was the question consuming him at present, he was also still wondering about the many mysteries that had plagued him since their first meeting.
Tobias Gregson was a massive fellow. With muscled arms and a wide stance, his intimidating appearance was made no better by the expression of bitter anger that was plastered on his features. He was probably, at some point in his life, a handsome man. Life had been cruel to the once pleasant features; his nose sat too close to his face at an unnatural angle, his left eye was limp with injured tissue, and his mouth was scarred on one side to lend him the appearance of a permanent scowl. Distantly, John wondered whether the injuries were a result of one incident or if the injuries were obtained during separate, isolated events.
Sherlock returned to their isolated corner-booth holding a drink that was infinitely superior to the three scotches that preceded it and sat down with his elbows on the table. Lestrade was smirking at him, his eyes attempting- and failing- to avoid contact with the drink in front of him.
