"He made it personal," Tony almost whispered.
The song ended, and the woman shut off her radio, grabbing something from the car, and turning to open the door. As the door opened, she looked over, blinked, saw Steve looking at her, then smiled, cheeks flushing a little. "Judging by the look on your face, I can tell that you've been watching for a while."
"Peter is used to sleeping either in his room, or in mine if he has bad dreams," Mary told him as she went to the hall closet to get a blanket and pillow. "It's just for one night, Tony, just sleep in my room."
“I think we’re owed some explanations, Captain,” Natasha demanded, pulling a glare from Steve.
"No one is getting in to see Loki," Fury said immediately. "As soon as Thor is-"
“Come on guys, I wanna eat these pancakes,” Bucky whined. “I’ve never known the pleasure of birthday pancakes, and the kids said it’s important.”
"Working on a secret project, are we, Sir?" Tony raised an eyebrow, thinking that the AI sounded a little sassy.
"And he's my child," he pointed at her. "Still a step down on that hierarchy." Rachel cackled gleefully. "I'm not breaking Peter's little heart by telling him that his poor sick Granma lost his card game to his healthy cheating mother."
"They're also very well behaved," she beamed. Tony slowly walked around the couch, over to where his son and his best friend were, and suddenly sat down in front of them. Both boys looked up at him with very serious, and innocent expressions on their faces.
When he was satisfied that everything was working and would be ready, he changed the program on his Starkpad and brought up the system that was still running in SHIELD's systems, while he headed back for his workshop. No word from Fury yet, so now Tony had to take it into his own hands. The bug had been low level searching, avoiding anything that the agency was doing to update their security, gathering all the needed information to bypass it as it was implemented.
"Mmmm, Peter doesn't like strawberries this week?" Tony guessed, taking a big swig of coffee from his mug. "Is he over that yet, by the way? If he's going to suddenly love them, I want to make sure I have some next time he comes over."
Tony smirked at Meg, hands sliding into his pockets. "Oh, that's what you have to look forward, too."
Tony gasped, sitting up in the cot, in the dark cold cave, the battery attached to his chest. His hands shook as he looked down, seeing the familiar blue of the arc reactor, the new arc reactor. But why were there wires attached to it? Tony blinked his eyes rapidly, looking around, his eyes adjusting from the light of the arc reactor to the dark of the cave. Not again, he wouldn't be caught in a cave again.
"But you didn't," Bruce told him forcefully. "You didn't, and nothing happened. To either of you." Tony nodded a little.
“Don’t.” Tony heard Meg’s strained voice, then turned to the other side. He frowned when he saw Mary pushing her to the ground, a knee in the middle of her back, pulling both arms behind her. “Don’t let me go.”
Tony winced a little. There weren't as many reporters and paparazzi around the house when they did a drive by, before ducking into the underground parking, but they were still circling the house. "Yeah, those people will be going away soon. I hope. But if they manage to get near you at the house, then don't talk to them."
“Eevee! Veeeeeee!” Vee’s little legs kicked, and her tail moved wildly in excitement.
“That’s okay,” Tony shook his head. “I like not dying from exhaustion, thank you very much.”
“Okay,” he smiled and took Steve’s hand, dragging him off towards the stairs.
“Not at all. I’m the one that helped him find the doctor that he has now.” He could only imagine the look that Wade was giving him. “I have a therapist, myself. Have for several years now.” Steve looked down at Wade, (which with how quickly the boy was growing, he didn’t need to look down nearly as much anymore), stopping them at the door to Wade’s floor. “I’m not going to tell you if I think you should seek someone out or not, that’s not what I’m about. I think that talking to someone if you’re having issues you can’t handle on your own is a good idea. But, I’m not saying that that someone has to be a professional.”
"I just used what was available to me!" Steve said through his laughs, grinning. "If it helps, I didn't remember this until after you made your guess."
"We like doing stuff with you, too," Steve told him with a smile. Tony knew that Steve worried what Peter would think about them being together, if he would find it weird, or be upset. This was the best case scenario so far. "Now we can do a lot more stuff, the three of us."
"Huh, I wasn't aware that there was actually food in my kitchen," Tony commented. "Pepper must have had groceries delivered when she heard I was coming back."
The announcement came barely five minutes into the meal, Peter hardly able to contain his excitement, forcing Mary and Coulson to tell everyone else in the room. Rachel and William were the most excited, Mary's mother checking the ring to see if it fit. Apparently it had been Rachel's great-great-grandmothers' ring, and it was passed down in the family to every generation. Phil had asked for it at Christmas time, asking their permission for Mary's hand in marriage. Tony kept a smile on his face as they ate, the sun sinking slowly. They all ended up bring desserts to fireworks.
"Yeah, neither was the blow to my wrist." Steve winced a little, but Tony shook his head a little.
Tony was seething. Who was this man to judge him? Who was he to bring up Peter? "He doesn't even call you by a title, you're not even Uncle. But to him, I'll always be Daddy, and that's more than you'll ever be." Tony needed to push back, he need to tackle this, bring him down, because then Tony wouldn't have the time to agree, to say that Steve was right.
Steve snorted as he grabbed his dark blue uniform from his drawer. "What is this 'we'?"
Steve looked at him, cowl off and by the shield, and raised an eyebrow. Tony shifted on his seat, moving closer to Steve. His elbow bumped up Steve's then suddenly he was sliding the baby into his arms, hovering below, and watching as Steve practically curled around the baby to make she he didn't drop her. His eyes were wide as he looked at Tony. Tony vaguely thought that this was how Mary felt when she did the same to Tony so many years ago. It had been fun.
"He's with Peter right now, but he said he should only be a couple of minutes." Steve glanced over at the bedroom door.
Tony nodded. “Pretty much since MIT. Had this place built after I took over SI. Didn’t really have a desire to stay out on the East Coast any longer.” Steve kissed his cheek, walking into the middle of the living room, then slowly turning around to take in everything he could see.
"I wanna tell Granma and Granpa we're back!" Peter said, but he stopped in his tracks, Wade right behind him.
“You think I don’t have help?” Mary said, looking at him with a smile in her eyes. She was amused by this. “Having Phil around to help? Having Steve in the same building to help? When we were in California, my parents were there all the time to help me. No parent is perfect, but what makes a parent worthy of their title, worthy of the love of their child, is that they try, really try.” She rested a hand on Tony’s cheek. “It’s okay that you freaked out, that you still do, and that you thought that you might not be able to take over the primary role right away. What counts is that you didn’t give up, though. You tackled it head first, just like you do with everything when it comes to Peter, and you aren’t stopping.”
"Fair enough," Tony nodded. "I do see what you're trying to do though, and really, I'm all emotioned out for at least another three days. So if we have to do the "is this/isn't this" relationship-type thing, let's just dive in."
"Very good, baby," Mary said with calm excitement. "Okay, pick up the planets for me." Peter nodded as he looked up at the ceiling, searching. Steve could see his eyes were getting heavy as well. The boy was only able to point out two planets before he drifted off to sleep, Mary kissed his forehead.
Tony smiled and walked closer to it, holding Peter on his hip so they could both face it, Mary coming over to standing next to them. "Do you like it?" Peter nodded enthusiastically. "Do you remember that new tablet I was working on?" He asked, looking at Peter. "And how it could make all those cool images show, like a movie? Well," Tony reached forward with one hand, the programming recognizing his hand, and he 'picked' up one of the ornaments.
"Mr Loki is still located downstairs, and has not moved from his cage," Jarvis responded immediately and Tony frowned. "Shall I wake Mr Odinson to go and check on his brother?"
Mary watched them from the hallway. Watch Tony work with Steve, watched him press against the bigger man, watched him have his silent breakdown. She bit her thumb to avoid biting her lip, but never looked away. Tony had nearly drown in that damn pool, and if Jarvis hadn't of alerted them, who knows what would have happened. She could see his nightmares and panic attacks getting worse, and she had glanced at the production number stamped on the newest Iron Man armor. Tony was cranking them out faster and faster, but she wasn't sure what she could do.
"That might have actually been a little contained," Tony said thoughtfully. "I let myself get a little more seriously than normal though, so that's probably par for the course."
Bucky glanced back down at Jamie, and saw that she was looking up at him. He frowned a little. “She likes you Uncle Bucky,” Peter said, not looking away from his homework. “Papa said that she was named after you.”
"You're not the only one feeling like this, Tony. I wish I could have stopped what happened, could have stopped them from taking you, but I got you back." Steve took the last step forward, hands gently taking Tony's wrists, and he felt the man tense a little, wanting to run away. He let out a little breath when Tony instead reached up to let his hands slide against Steve's cheeks. "We can help each other, that's how this works, it's why we're moving in together."
Tony watched Steve feeding Jamie in the kitchen, pushing his phone back into his pocket. He had talked to Happy, now in charge of SI's Security, and still over in California, and was setting up a security detail for Julie and Wade. He called Todd personally and told him what was going on. He had promised the man a long vacation, and he felt bad for calling him, telling him that he needed him. Tony told him to still take a long weekend off, that no one was going to be leaving the Tower unless they were an Avenger, and he'd make it up to him.
“I am indeed operational, Captain,” Jarvis responded in his ear instead of Tony. “I’m afraid that Sir is still working on restoring the communications system inside of the Tower. If you could capture the image of the vehicle with your phone, I shall immediately start following the trail through all available street surveillance.”
Steve smiled at Peter and Wade, holding onto the Starkpad. "Hi Mr Steve!" They both chorused together.
"Hi, Rhodey, it's me." Time to tell him the straight facts.
Tony couldn't help the little laugh. "Alright, I'll ask, but I make no promises!" Wade whooped and hopped off the bed.
"Mary, this is my friend Meg. Meg, this is Mary." Steve motioned from the phone to Mary and back.
"That's what I do." Tony said with a light air, but a heavy heart. That's what he did, and that's what had gotten him with an arc reactor in his chest. Before he knew it the computer was running, Tony was locked in the suit, and Yinsen had this look in his eye.
I think maybe, we need more details about these failed dates? :P
Tony leaned back in the chair, opened his mouth, and tried to wheeze in a breath. His father had been Hydra. He had worked with them. And they were going to use him like just another tool. But, wasn't that what they were doing with him now? They were using him to stabilize the Serum, with the formula that Bruce had made, provided to them by Howard, and they were going to use it on humans.
Tony woke with a gasp, head whipping back, and his eyes shot open. He groaned in pain when he tried to move, and found that he couldn't actually move that much. There was a slight buzzing in the back of his head, but he swallowed and willed himself to look around. A cell, because of course it was. Tony felt like his life really couldn't get more cliche. In fact it looked almost medieval, complete with old bricks and stones for the floor and walls. Except for the very high tech glass wall that served as the entrance.
Tony turned his head a little, to glance back out into the living room. Eleven curious pokemon were still watching them. For some reason Tony felt himself blushing a little. When he looked back over, Steve had moved closer to him. Tony swallowed, letting his arms down slowly, but not moving away. “Um, I don’t, uh, don’t mind if you want to spend time with them…. Vee does it….”
"I don't think my arms have ever been called gorgeous before," Steve said as he raised an eyebrow.
"I think you're learning my tricks," Tony said with a pout.
“Get over here, I’ve got the boots for you,” Tony said, tugging on one of Steve’s sleeves. He used Steve’s momentum and pulled him into a kiss, letting out a hum of appreciation. “Jedi’s are good kissers.” Jamie let out a little coo and they both turned to look at her as she tried to pull the Ewok hood down over her face. “No, not allowed!”
“I’m going to experiment, Vee, Jay.” Tony said one day as they walked over to the corner that held the Eevee incubation center. The only other living person who knew about the corner was Pepper. If anyone else came close to the workshop, Jarvis would activate the mobile wall to hide them. Tony was paranoid after his kidnapping, and he wanted to keep his companions, his family, safe.
“You’re a horrible person,” Steve mumbled out, trying to get Tony to let him turn back towards the bedroom. “An absolute instigator, with no shame.”
"You want me to put the hammer down?!" Thor was sounding a little mad, and Steve was on edge now. He grunted and suddenly jumped up, arm raised, aiming for Steve. Steve raised the hammer, steadying his pose and his grip, ready for impact.
"Why don't you go see what Coulson's doing?" Bruce suggested, turning around with a mug of tea.
"Then I think that you need to come back here."
“Wake up, mini-me, Pops is home.” He smiled when Peter popped up from his position. “Yeah, I thought that would get you.” Tony grunted when Peter crawled over him to get to Steve, groaning when he rolled over onto his stomach. “My aching body.”
"Don't," Tony breathed out. "Please, just, don't go yet." He relaxed slightly when Steve put his hand over the one in his shirt.
“No,” she batted at his hand, turning on his chest. Bucky raised an eyebrow at her. “Buh. No, Buh.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"All the Avengers are there!" He whisper shouted. "The ones that we saw in the newspaper! It's so awesome!"
"So am I," Tony said quietly, Steve's supesoldier hearing picking it up.
"I know for a fact that you're not religious," Steve commented as they put the plates down on the counter. Tony moved to the other side of the bar, leaning down to pull out the small ice bucket as Steve grabbed two tall glasses. "Are you telling me you think Angels are real? Like Cas?"
"I already have Jarvis scanning for any bugs or tracers that you left behind." Tony's eyes narrowed a little, but not angrily.
“Mmm,” Tony said with a little hum. “Yes, my young, blonde, Adonis does seem to be looking to stay that way for a while, doesn’t he?”
Tony’s nose twitched a little, and he crossed his leg over one knee. One hand slipped into his pocket, fingers wrapping around a paperclip that hadn’t been there before. Tony tried not to smile, knowing that Steve had put it there after taking his phone, knowing that Tony needed something to keep his hands busy with. “Alright, so if I go ahead and say yes to this, where are the papers we both have to sign? Like, I gotta keep myself, and all interested parties, protected. Doctor-Client privileges don’t cut it in my world. And I’m sure there’s more I have to sign? And then what do I call you?” The young woman opened the notepad in her lap, pulling out some papers. As she held them out for him to take, Tony stared at her hand for a second. “Uh, I don’t like to be handed things.”
He let out a breath of relief and pulled and twisted, hearing the flaps break up, hearing the ice chunks crackle off. Putting his arms and legs out, he tried to slow his fall as much as possible, waiting for Jarvis to recognize that it was now safe to reboot. He watched the ground from the eye holes, wondering if he should make them bigger, until the screen burst to life, the icons loading and minimizing, and finally, Finally, Jarvis was powered up again and he had control.
“I guess,” Tony grumped out. “I do enjoy baby faced Steve, so that’s okay.” He smiled, leaning in to kiss Steve softly. “Plus, your beard won’t scratch the skin around my immaculate goatee.”
“Ohhhh, you call him Bruuuuuce,” she teased, poking his arm a little. “Do you have a thing for the good Doctor? He’s a little on the short side, so that would be interesting in a logistical format, because he’s shorter than even Tony. But, the hair is very-“
“No, of course not,” Tony agreed, slipping the vest on, but not doing up the buckles yet. He walked over to Steve and put his hands on Steve’s chest, running his hands up and down slowly over the white t-shirt. “The red cape with cover your butt for onlookers. I get the private view.” Steve’s cheeks pinked a little and Tony grinned. “You’ll be the only one not dressed up you know. Even Peter got a costume.”
Peter.
"Shit," Tony breathed. "Shit, I'm sorry, I'm fine now, I'm fine." He wiggled and Steve let up a little, but didn't completely let go.
"You're not doing this. He's been improving!" The voice of Pepper Potts was the one he was greeted by. She sounded furious.
"That means it's working, keeping the shrapnel away. One less thing to worry about. What I'm concerned about is his lungs." Bruce said from Tony's other side, fingers feeling at his right wrist for a pulse, unknown to Bruce until Rada shouted, and Tony cried out in pain, eyes flying open, rapidly forgetting where he was, just seeing several people around him and experiencing pain, and quickly falling into a panic.
"And if you all disagreed with it he wouldn't do it! He respects all of your opinions! I've known him the longest, and he'd want to continue to fight!"
"- an improvement. He still needs some help, but less than before."
"Delete them J. The voicemail's."
"They wanted everything I knew, but knew I wouldn't give it, didn't trust me to make anything other than bomb. I wouldn't be surprised if they found some bits from the leak, but unlikely they found enough to recreate reactor, so not giving the option to make more. They are not going to win this too." Tony made a tight fist as he realised how much he was shaking.
Forty-five minutes later, the gates opened and a van pulled up to the house, parking behind Pepper.
"Again, your point J?" "Do you truly not care how worried they all are for you?"
"Since then they had been pictured several times together, the last being a Gala for War Veterans two years ago. What happened after that point is a little sketchy, but what had been confirmed, that while at an event for engineering in Germany, an event that he was attending as a surprise guest, a few months after the gala, Mr Stark was kidnapped. Miss Potts confirmed in a statement that he had been kidnapped, and had since been recovered, but was critically ill.
"Tony, I don't-"
"Hello?"
Tony picked up the remote for the TV, and flicked it on while he waited for the diagnostics to run.
"He can't say what he wants! He's been in a coma for four months!" Pepper shot back.
"Do you want to talk about it?" Thor asked after a few minutes, his voice the gentlest Tony had ever heard it.
"He wouldn't want this!" Tasha seemed to shout back, he had never heard the two redheads argue, and it terrified him slightly, well would have if he was coherent enough.
"I had someone stock the fridge, so there are things for you to eat sir." JARVIS prompted.
"He's having a nightmare. Could you close the door, and I'll shout you if I need anything?"
"Someone is going to pass the message along to him when the battle is over." An older woman with a kind face came into the room, and addressed Robert.
Someone was shaking his shoulder. He opened his eyes to see an unfamiliar male face above him, looking very concerned. Their lips were moving and while Tony could hear some muffled words, they were in a language he didn't speak. If this was one of his captors that he hadn't met, then he didn't have any more energy left to fight, and let himself sink into unconsciousness.
"I decided to take old records of your voice, sir, as I thought it would be nice for you to have your voice back, per se."
"Leave me alone Steve." Tony pulled away from his husband rapidly.
Rada was suddenly holding his head gently, and saying things, which if he had to guess would be general sayings of comfort, judging by the tone. She held a bowl to his lips, it smelt bitter, and somewhere at the back of his mind registered natural pain killers, or poison… but he drank it all the same, and soon the pain ebbed and he fell into a deep sleep.
A woman with a kind face, and in her mid-forties moved around him to come into his line of view.
"Oh Tony," Tears suddenly started pouring out of Steve's eyes as he began to sob, in what Tony hoped was joy, and being unable to do much else, raised his left hand and half placed it, half dropped it on Steve's other hand that was flat on the bed.
"He also revealed to us that he had reconciled with his husband, and they were planning to renew their vows on their eigth anniversary coming up at the end of the year. He also confirmed that he has truly retired as Iron Man, but is still working with the Avenger's in an advisory capacity, and he continues to work with Stark industries as the Head of Research and Development, which recently announced they are creating a new medical branch, a branch that will debut to the public early next year.
Rob then proceeded to fiddle with machines for the next ten minutes, explaining while he did so, and asking Tony to do various things, like deep breathing, then Bruce came back in.
"I'm not hungry."
"Sorry, sir, I forgot to tell the bots that you couldn't see out of your left eye anymore." J said, not quite sounding sorry, but Tony brushed it off, he was still upset with him.
"Fine, but everyone else is very unhappy with you. Clint's already said that unless you either apologise to Steve, or specifically ask for him to come, he's not going to be here."
"Hello Miss Potts. It has been a long time." JARVIS sounded bitter, and Pepper couldn't help but wince, feeling like he was blaming her for something.
Steve pretended he didn't hear Tony's sigh of relief, and Tony pretended he didn't hear Steve's soft crying.
"Not your choice I'm afraid Mr Stark, unless you want to hand the designs for your reactor over? Thought not." The curly haired man smiled at Tony's silent defiance. "I have an idea to shake things up a bit." He lay a tanned, long fingered hand on Tony's chest around the Arc. "Let's see how long you can survive without this." Then he twisted and pulled the glowing device out of his chest.
"I've given him some Morphine; it will help with the pain." Bruce's voice was gentle as he gently probed Tony's ribs. "Try to carry him with his left side closest to you. Four of his ribs on his right are broken, and it might be easier on his arm.
While they sat there just breathing Tony couldn't help but acknowledge what a complete and utter mess he was, significantly worse than last time, maybe it's his compounded traumatic experiences, but he couldn't see a light at the end of the tunnel anymore. Steve didn't need to witness his downward spiral, and feel guilty when the inevitable happened, both of which would surely happen. 'If you want rid of me, you'll have to be the one to do it'. Maybe he should, it would kill him to do it, but it's what's best.
"Delete everything, even on medical files, track down paper copies. I want all gone."
His Australian accent came from behind him as two muscled men shoved him in front of a metal tub, almost exactly like the one from years ago, which very few people knew about, he had only told one person about it in significant detail. Steve, can't have betrayed him, no matter what they said. Surely. Right? God, he didn't know what to think anymore.
"Mr Barnes, I contacted you to inform you that if this device isn't repaired, which it won't be without your help-" JARVIS suddenly stopped speaking.
"Bucky? No! He's my friend, we've both changed a lot since the 1940's." Steve paused, and brushed some hair out of Tony's face. "Well that's up to you. I'd like to try again, and if it doesn't work, it doesn't work. But I'll only divorce you if you stop loving me, not because you don't want me 'interfering'." Steve glared at Tony with narrowed eyes, probably referring to the divorce papers he sent a few months ago. "But if you decide you don't want to try again, that's fine, just don't expect me to hang around and wait for you."
"I would listen to him, Sir. I've never seen Steve this murderous. That's saying something considering I was with him in Russia." Clint's voice suddenly appeared, containing a similar level of anger in Steve's voice.
He remembered Bruce comforting him telling him it was okay, he had gotten JARVIS back, and to go to sleep, no one else was in the room. So, Tony did just that.
"Tony, you're going to be alright. It's going to be fine." Pepper said firmly, not letting her tears escape.
There was movement, then a gentle kiss to Tony's forehead, before Tasha's footsteps ran out the door.
Tony felt better, if he truly looked terrible Tasha would, not cruelly, but simply be honest, and nudged Steve's arm aiming for a placating pat.
"Okay, let's go. No time to waste."
"I heard there had been some improvements."
"Steve, I'm here." She walked to the front door, surprised it wouldn't open. "I can't get in."
"Clint can you now attach a new bag of fluids to that line and let it run, don't squeeze, I don't want to overload him. Tasha, take this and attach it to your side, it's antibiotics."
"I heard Steve was pretty impressive. Even Fury was taken aback." Tony did his version of a chuckle, then they were both silent for a moment before Bruce turned sombre again.
By this point Tony had taken a step back, he was very mildly aware something was being shoved into his throat, and Bruce was pumping air into his lungs, but was relaxed and pain free, most likely due to the lack of oxygen to his brain, but those were just details.
Tasha then left, and the click of the door closing was so final, he let out a shaky breath and look up at the ceiling, addressing JARVIS.
-/-/-/-/-
"Why would I want you here?! You were going to let me die!" Low blow. Such a low blow, if Tony was in his right mind, not that he would admit he wasn't, he wouldn't have even contemplated saying that to Steve, knowing it would haunt him for the rest of his life.
Bruce then, for the first-time Tony had ever seen, started crying. Full on body shaking sobs, and while Tony placed a hand on Bruce's, he wished he could talk to tell him what an idiot he was being, but instead had to listen to his best friend cry.
"Me. The flashbacks are… horrible. When I was washing, I could only wash with a flannel." He then with some clarity was able to smell his own odour. "I stink."
"Sure." Clint replaced Steve, and started to hum out of tune, but he barely paid attention.
"Oh Tony." Steve's voice came from the doorway, he entered the room and sat on Tony's bed, as Bruce slipped out of the room.
He was free.
"Mr Stark, Tony. I know it's a shock, but it's almost a medical miracle you're here at all. You're one lucky man, also having such a wonderful group of friends who visited so often, the amount of times I've seen visitors for those in similar conditions to yours dwindle after the first month or so. Also, your husband, definitely a keeper, he has stayed every single night, and most days."
-/-/-/-/-/-
"What is even going on here? Aren't you back with Bucky?" Tony gestured between himself and Steve.
"Don't you dare with me!" Stark lost his composure, and even Fury paled, not seeing this side to the man before. "You almost got me killed! You threatened my friends and family. Stole my property. I'm returning the favour. Now, you will destroy everything you have, on us all, electronically and physically, and you will publicly sever ties with us all. You will make a public statement, that I will attend, stating you are giving the Avenger's independence from SHIELD to enable the group to not be tied to one agency, and that you will continue to work with us in times of public need. Any contact you will make to them at all, you will make through me. And you do anything I don't like, you will die, through my own hand, or another's, I'm not fussy. You pushed me too far this time Fury."
Tony ignored the red-headed spy, and continued his daily activity of looking out the window, and enjoying the view of the grounds. It had been three weeks since he had told Steve to leave, and it seems the others have had enough of waiting for him to do something about it.
"We've just been trying to wean off the oxygen. Only at 6 litres now. But I think I'll leave it there for today. If you start to feel breathless, or like your hands are getting cold, let me know, but I'll be popping in and out to check on you." Rob smiled and, after making sure the buzzer was in reach for him, left pulling the door halfway closed behind him.
He fell on his knees next to them, and quickly pulled the faulty reactor out of his chest, and skilfully reconnected the new one. Then everyone held their breath as they waited to Tony to take his.
Tony smiled, but it faltered and fell, a sort of huff of air coming out of his trachy.
"Is everything okay?" Lisa popped her head in worriedly, probably hearing the irregular breathing.
Bruce sighed, and Tony imagined him removing his glasses and rubbing his nose, a habit the doctor picked up when thinking deeply or stressed.
"Where is 'here'?"
"Mr. Stark, my name is Robert. Can you understand me?"
Bruce was then gently peeling his eyelids back and a light was being shone into both eyes. "His left isn't reacting as well to the light, but it's not blown."
"What?" Is all he could get out, still looking around the room in wonder.
"Captain America spotted at the annual New York gala for War Veterans last night, minus wedding ring and a beautiful blonde on his arm. Is the romance between America's two most famous superheroes over?" Tony should turn it off, it was only a gossip channel, but his mouth had begun to dry up as he realised that Steve may have truly moved on, and continued to watch. "The great love story between Steve Rogers and billionaire Tony Stark started five years ago, where they were first pictured in an embrace after a battle in Florida, shortly after Miss Potts, confirmed that they were due to be married later that year.
"If you prefer Mr Barnes, place me on speaker." Bucky did so. "So Mr Barnes, as I have been banned against speaking to anyone deemed as Sir's friends or family, and you fall into neither group, I thought it best to call you. I am also not allowed to release his whereabouts. Or his current state of health."
A tear leaked out of Tony's eye, feeling a mixture of grief and happiness, grief for the lost time, and what he had put everyone through, and happiness that they were all unfailingly there for him. Rob silently grabbed a tissue and wiped the tear away with a kind smile.
"Yes, sir." JARVIS said harshly, he wasn't happy about what Tony was doing either, but when giving a direct order like that…
When he awoke, the sedative had worn off, and it was mid-afternoon, considering his last recollection was at night, he had slept for quite a while, probably tiring himself out. He jumped as he heard movement to his left, that he was unable to see.
"Medically, yes, personally… I don't know, before I was sure it was right, now... I would never judge him for the decision he made, and hope I would never have to make it for anyone, and I know he's thinking more about what Tony would want as opposed to himself."
"Oh god. Buck he's actually dying, and letting it happen." Steve's face had gone white, and Bucky jumped up towards his friend, worried he was going to collapse.
They were glad they weren't Fury.
"I'm sorry, Steve. I don't know why I believed. If you want leave, I understand." Tears had begun to fall down Tony's face, and he was almost surprise when Steve pressed his lips to Tony, and kissed him with a passion Tony hadn't felt from the soldier before.
"Would you be willing to temporarily connect JARVIS to this room, and he can translate for you, as I know Thor and I can't understand it." Tony's eyes lit up, and he grinned in response. He had been trying with his writing yesterday, but with the lack of coordination and strength in his fingers, he knew it would be a little while before he could contribute to a conversation. "I'll get on that." He smiled, "Steve? I need to talk to you before we start this." Bruce looked at Steve pointedly, who ducked his head, then nodded.
"I'll be there in an hour and ten, an hour if I push it. Call me when you get in?"
"But... I essentially signed your life away."
Tony smiled back at Steve, unable to voice his reciprocation, they stared at each other for a few minutes before Tony's eyelids drooped. "Sleep. I'll be here." Steve stroked his hair gently. "No, I will not get into bed with you, you're still unwell." Steve said sternly after Tony pouted, and just continued to stroke his hair from where he was kneeling by the bed. Unfortunately for the older man, his eyes slipped closed, and he fell asleep.
"Tony, wake up." He lay a hand on his shoulder, knowing from experience that going anywhere near the Arc at a time like this was a bad idea, and he knew to be prepared to evade a flying fist, but the man usually woke up quite quickly. Steve gently shook his shoulder, and called his name again, worried that the whimpers only got louder.
He couldn't help just stopping for a moment, and closing his eyes, relishing in the sun on his face, and breeze against his cheeks. He forced himself to snap out of it, and took off at a limping run, knowing that the moment his adrenaline wore off, he knew all his injuries were going to come back to him at full force, that and he knew it wouldn't be long before he was pursued.
"Bruce. I know I won't be using for long time, if ever. J, delete everything on suits. Anything on the reactor?"
"Good morning!" Thor marched in, startling the other two while Tony just grinned back at the deity.
"I need one of you to attach the defib pads to his chest, in case we need them, and the other to get the emergency drugs out, get some amiodarone and adrenaline out and ready. Then grab the orange bag and set it up, it has a CPR machine we designed that should be able to work around the reactor, so we don't do more damage with conventional CPR."
“I keep telling you that it’s just Tony, but if you wanna elevate me to god status, I’m not gonna argue,” Tony teased, then set to work. He kissed, sucked, licked, and nibbled at the edge of Steve’s hole, never sticking with any one action long enough to give Steve a chance to anticipate what might be coming next. This wasn’t about anything but teasing, playing and enjoying himself, hearing Steve’s moans give way to whimpers and whines as Tony toyed with his body. He kept things lush, hot, and wet, then when he knew Steve was relaxing into it, he backed off and blew a light stream of cool air over him, just to hear Steve yelp.
It was like a Renaissance painting come to life - acres and acres of smooth, pale skin that just begged for Tony’s hands and mouth to mark them up. Not that he
when you got me into bed.”
“Yes,
Steve laughed. “I sure hope so.”
As soon as they were in the air, Tony switched their comms over to a private channel. “Just so we’re clear... you realize that you’re getting fucked within an inch of your life tonight, right?”
At least, that’s what he thought until he walked into the kitchen about a week later to find the world’s freakiest diorama waiting for him. A whole bunch of huge foam hands, all proclaiming themselves to be #1, in a variety of colors, were spread out around the kitchen. It took him a minute to put it all together, but finally it all sank in - the purple one with the bow leaning against his coffee cup, that was him, while the red one with the knife taped to it, that was Nat, and then there was the red one with a little hammer and the blue one with an American flag and - yep, that was a red and gold one taped to the overhead light. And clinging to the cabinet door was a bright green one that was twice as big as all the others. Clint sighed and yelled, “That wasn’t the kind of
“Every bit of it,” she ground out, although she didn’t stop looking like she planned on grabbing the nearest wrench and taking DUM-E apart bolt by bolt.
He sighed and did his best not to look too chagrinned. “You
Steve let out a little whine. “I can’t help it. The armor... it vibrates just a little, and when I’m pressed up against it and you start talking about -”
He whipped around to see his perfect sandwich clutched in Tony Stark’s grubby, oil-stained fingers. “Hey!”
The elevator doors at Stark Towers never hissed when they slid open. Tony would have considered that an affront to his mechanical skills - if he could manage an AI system that could run the entire tower, he could damn well ensure that the elevator doors opened soundlessly. Of course, there were downsides to that that he hadn’t exactly considered.
“He had a Flareon, and I believe he had more.” Steve vaguely thought that he was sounding like a child.
Tony ran his hand through Peter’s hair and nodded. “Yeah, he does. He was driving the limo that we were in.” Peter smiled and leaning his head against Tony’s shoulder. “What are you all doing here anyway?” Tony asked the others. “Not that I’m not very happy about this, but-”
"And it works??" Bruce was completely involved now. Tony had him hooked in the science department at least, even if it wasn't in his usually field of study.
"So that's a yes, then?" Tony smirked, leaning in a little. Peter had looked up at Mary now, smiling, adopting the same hopeful look that Tony had on his face at the moment. "Please?"
“Jamie started off asleep on the floor,” Tony told him, and Steve had to bite his lip when he saw her start to shuffle again. She was inching herself up closer to Tony’s face, moving like some kind of bug. “She crawled up Peter, then turned sideways, and she just keeps doing it. It’d be cute, if she wasn’t moving all across my body.”
"Yeah, I get it." Steve leaned in towards Tony a little as well, leaning his cheek on top of Tony's. "I'm tired, Tony."
"You don't know how to swim?" Steve asked, a little shocked that he wouldn't have gotten lessons.
Steve couldn’t help but look at Tony, seeing his brown eyes, warm, comfortable, feeling like home. Their breaths, quick and panting, matching up with each other, moving and feeling as one. Then he saw the sparks in Tony’s eyes, the color swirling and shining, and he couldn’t help but kiss him.
"It's funny how that works?" Tony couldn't keep the little bit of snark out of his voice.
“Is that a helipad?” Steve asked as the car drove smoothly up. “This place is huge.”
"He just drifted off to sleep," she told him, glancing back at the boys briefly. "Wade won't let him go. Jarvis told us that Tony was awake, and that seemed to calm Peter down enough." Steve nodded a little, rubbing Jamie's back. "They haven't really said anything, though. It's going to be rough."
"How'd we do?" Peter asked, hands behind his back, rocking on his feet.
When he couldn't sleep at night, he found himself down in his workshop, working on the the new prototype for the armor. He had the boots figured out, and he was working on a flight stabilizer now.
"Look, she already has good aim." Tony grinned widely, shoulders shaking slightly.
“Hey,” Steve smiled, looking away from his book. “All set?”
“Not a thought in the world about doing that,” Steve assured him. “Yeah, I love your Daddy very much. Plan on sticking around him, and you, for a long time.” Peter gave him a shy little smile.
"And you're all about style, aren't you?" Steve smirked a little, not kindly.
“Where’s Peter? I didn’t miss his birthday, did I?” Big brown eyes looked up at Steve, begging to let him know that he didn’t let down his son.
"Good guy, Tony Stark." Mary grinned at him, and Tony scoffed a little.
“Thanks for putting up with all my nightmares,” Tony said softly.
Blue eyes closed, leaning against the fridge in the kitchen, taking a couple of deep and steady breaths. He was getting worked up over nothing. It was obvious that Tony was also interested, or else he wouldn't have taken the carefully crafted bait to kiss Steve outside of the gym.
"J, raise the temperature by six degrees in the bedroom," Tony called out. Steve raised an eyebrow at him as he stood up. "Yeah, you're not supposed to put a blanket over top a baby, or under, or even any pillows or stuff like that, avoiding suffocation and the like.. So since she can't sleep with something warm over top, I want to make sure the room is plenty warm, cozy, even."
Unbeta'd as usual and Marvel owns more of this than I do.
"Hello Dark Ages," Clint said. "Cap, on your eight."
Both Steve and Tony were watching him attentively now, except when Steve shot Sam a look when he tried to steal Jamie from his arms. "It doesn't appear that they had used anything on her, where the only trace of a serum that I could find in her system are the markers that match those in your blood."
"That would be the Stark genes," Tony grinned. "We know how to enjoy ourselves."
"I said Cambria Heights," Mary tried to correct him.
"Daddy!!" Tony grinned when Peter looked up at him, eyes bright despite how late it actually was for the little boy. Tony picked up Peter and peppered his face with kisses, making the toddler giggle. "Merry Kissmas."
"How do you figure that?" Tony asked, curious.
“She was doing undercover stuff, the stuff that Steve and I would never be able to do,” Sam chimed in. “We’re about as stealthy as an elephant.”
“Unfortunately, I do. I went through the portal that was created, I saw the army that was there.” Tony took a breath as he tried to push away the thoughts and images that might creep in. “Okay, this sounds crazy to me, but this is the reason that I came here. Also, Steve said that I needed to seek out help….” They both still remember the night that they shared Tony’s nightmare. “I’ve been having nightmares that feel too real. I’m not entirely convinced that they are nightmares, and not visions….”
"Tony." Tony's eyes moved to look back at the man, the traitor, trying to pour every ounce of hatred into his gaze. "When I ordered the hit on you, I was worried that I was killing the golden goose." Obidiah reached over, towards where Peter was, his Peter, but pulled something out of a small case. Obie, Obidiah, his partner, the man who had helped raised him, was the reason that he had been kidnapped in Afghanistan? He had tried to have him killed? He should have figured it out sooner, he shouldn't have brought Peter here. What about Mary?
"Free from what?"
"Good thing I'm not here to romance you then."
Tony flipped through the pages, seeing a drawing of Peter and Mary, one Peter and Tony, and one of all three of them together. Tony grinned when he saw a drawing of the red and gold armor of the Iron Man suit. He put his arm out, beckoning Peter closer. When the toddler was there Tony wrapped his arm Peter, pulling him into his chest and planting a kiss on the top of his head.
"It seems Peter likes to grab everything that he can now," Mary said after she had reclaimed her phone from the baby.
Suddenly the entire compound rumbled, shaking her balance, and she reached for her gun. She turned around, glimpsing inside of the lab and saw a bright blue glow from the edges, then silence. The silence set her on edge. Not as much as the resulting explosion and gun fire did though. Mary grabbed her phone, sending an alert to Coulson, and edged inside the lab entryway silently. There wasn't so much noise now, but she could hear soft voices, a male voice, but it didn't sound like Fury, or even Barton.
"But, Peter knows he's allergic to nuts," Steve said with a little frown, managing to push tony into a walk, out of the garage and back upstairs. "I thought Wade knew that, too."
"He gives Natasha and Clint a run for their money in the stealth department, that's for sure," Steve muttered. "Speaking of, they're on their way back here. Should be here tomorrow night or the next morning."
"That's very generous, Tony," Steve said to him with a smile. This was probably something small to Tony Stark and his bank account, even the action probably something he wouldn't remember a couple years from now, but 'small' stuff like that impressed Steve. Tony was one person to the press and the public, but he was completely different in his private life, and Steve liked getting to know that person.
"But, Luke doesn't get his green one until Ep VI," Tony pointed out to his son. "I don't think Steve is at that level of Luke, yet."
"Not the only one," Tony murmured quietly.
"The time is Seven-Thirty in the morning." Jarvis' voice brought Steve out of his slumber several hours later, and he yawned. "Young Master Peter is about to awaken, and Mrs Parker is currently making the pancakes."
Tony loved his son, that would never be in question, but there were only so many hours in the day that he would be able to be dressed up in the boots that came with the Flynn Rider costume. Steve looked like he was getting close to a version of super soldiered heat stroke from his own outfit, so they headed back to the hotel to change, and shower, before they went to get some dinner, and finish the last movie of the Star Wars marathon for Steve. He let Steve take a shower first, so he could give Jamie a quick bath as well.
“I might have let you know in a couple of days,” Tony told her. “Was thinking about going up to the Malibu house for a day. How do you know where I am? Talk to Mary?”
"Hi, Phil," Wade said, smiling at him.
"Sixteen times??"
“Well, it helps that we’ve already been outed, so we wouldn’t need to put on a disguise for the taping.” Tony let out a little moan and dropped his head back. “I haven’t put this much thought into this, in case you were wondering. We should try it some time.”
-/-/-/-/-
There was silence as Tasha mulled over his words, spoken in the emotionless voice he had picked up over the last few weeks.
"J, can you run diagnostics on the Arc, something's not right."
"I thought you may have reconsidered-"
Pepper had received a strange call from Steve, saying JARVIS had called him, and she needed to get over to Tony as soon as she could, and was thus now outside his house.
"Tony, why?" Bruce whispered, eyes wide.
"Really?" He sighed, then opened the door and stood aside for her. "I hear anything amiss, i call the police."
"Hi! Do you have a key?" Pepper jumped out of the car, and the driver eyed her suspiciously, then he seemed to recognise who she was.
"Sir, you need to eat." J was quiet for a moment before he spoke again. "How about some toast or soup, then you can take your medication?" Tony winced, remembering the pain from his missed meds, and nodded in agreement, hearing U wheel over to the kitchen and preparing some food for him.
"JARVIS won't let me in. Apparently, only the delivery driver has access!"
"Honestly, a little. You were out of it last night, and got a little scared when he started screaming at the others, I'm fairly sure you just didn't recognise him at the time, but with that, what happened in Russia, and some of the things he's been struggling with since… he's been struggling. His paranoia is running away from him a little."
He heard a gasp. And slowly focused on a younger man in a uniform moving quickly towards him, a shocked look on his face, before he composed himself.
"But-"
"Tony's AI. Why?"
"Perks of having the other guy... how is he?"
A mask was placed over his face, giving him oxygen, and Tony felt a prick in his relatively uninjured arm, but with Rada stroking his hair gently, he barely noticed.
"Hello Tony." Bruce smiled, Tony smiled back, then froze. It's the first time he had properly looked at Bruce. The man had a significantly larger amount of grey in his hair, more wrinkles on his face, looking more like worry lines, and he had lost maybe a stone, which on the already slim doctor, was shocking. "Are you okay?" The concerned note in Bruce's voice snapped him out of it and he nodded.
Tony nodded slightly, and the man got to work, taking various readings, and then drawing some blood while he sent someone to fetch a doctor, and tell Steve he was awake.
"J, organise a flight back to LA for Friday, that's when I'm going to discharge myself. You will tell no one or hint, or cheat you way around telling or showing or taking anyone where I'm going, only that I am alive and want to be alone. Do you understand?"
"Who?" Bucky frowned at his mobile, as Steve walked into the living room.
"Can you stay with him? I need to cool off."
"Bruce! He's stopped breathing!" Steve voice, Tony hadn't heard anything like it before, it was pure unadulterated terror.
"How I've missed that ugly ass face!" Clint strode in, grinning like a Cheshire cat, but Tony's own smile faltered at the thought, vain though it was, he couldn't help but wonder how his face was.
The next fifteen minutes were the longest of her life, Steve was only a minute away when he stopped breathing. She quickly checked his pulse, it was still going, so she barely hesitated in mouth-to-mouth, and that's how Steve found them.
"I'm sorry Tony, I know it feels like a step backwards, but your physical physio is getting better, even if you're unable to have the trachy out quite yet. Unfortunately these things can happen, but we'll still keep trying." Lisa, one of his other nurses comforted him as the doctor left after having to reinsert his tracheostomy tube.
"You're going to have a busy day. Doctors are going to review you, especially now you're off the ventilator, they'll try to wean you off the oxygen, and they and the nurses will hopefully get you ready to have the tube out within the next month or so. You'll also start getting more physiotherapy, see if we can't get that right arm working again." Bruce smiled at Tony, while everyone moved to find a seat.
"Shut up! Both of you!" Now it was Bruce's turn to roar. "You will not do this in front of Tony. Take it outside, and deal with it between the two of you. Steve better not find out what either of you have been saying. He's been crying his eyes out since he made the decision and you shall not make it any harder on him that it needs to be. Now get out."
"Y-yes. Upstate."
"God, I shouldn't have mentioned that. It's Steve. Tony, it's okay, you're not there, you're with me. Please."
There was complete silence, then the clicking of Pepper's stilettos and almost silent tread of Natasha, and the door shut quietly behind them.
"Does this look like fighting to you?" The Black Widow roared, then a loud bang echoed throughout the room.
-/-/-/-/-
"Last Night the Annual gala in New York was full of stars, and war heroes to raise money and awareness for War Veterans. Also, for the first time in three years, Mr Stark attended with Mr Rogers. This is the first time Mr Stark has been spotted since before his abduction, and are we glad to see him. He was dressed in blue Versace, paired with sunglasses, black rather than his usual rose hue, causing some to speculate that there is a problem with his eyesight, but he looked dashing as ever, if not a little slimmer and slightly more scarred, personally I think it adds to that bad boy look.
"Maybe they could, but he would have to travel to Asgard, and he isn't stable enough to travel that long distance, if we had been successful weaning him off the ventilator, maybe…" Bruce trailed off. "We can only hope that in a few weeks he can be weaned off it."
"Apologise to him."
Tony frowned, eyes still closed as the breath tickled his face. He took in a deep breath, at that point was overcome with coughing, a warm hand rubbed up and down his back as he spluttered, then fell back to the mattress, right eye peering open at the concerned face of Steve.
Rob had told him yesterday some of this, but knowing it was still going ahead made him happy.
"But-"
He distinctly remembered Steve storming into the room at some point, roaring at the three of them, Tony forgot what he actually said, but he had a vague recollection of recoiling back from Steve, hearing the shouting, and at the time, his brain not quite connecting to the fact it was Steve, not an old captor.
He looked up into the stars, wishing his husband was here while also being pleased he wasn't. Tony really did love Steve, would die for him, but he had this niggling doubt, due to the fact that only Steve knew his whereabouts when he was abducted, and they knew things, very few would know. That and his captors kept goading him about it. He had a long time to think about it in his cell, and while he knew it was a ridiculous way to think, he had managed to partly convince himself that his team hadn't found him because; a) they didn't want him back or b) they had betrayed him. Rationally, he knew this was ridiculous, and that there were many other reasons for this, but the poisonous thoughts had taken root, when he gave himself to them, that's when he threw all caution to the wind and got himself out, so in a way they'd done him a favour.
He heard the word 'sedative', then felt something cool in his arm, which quickly began to slow his breathing down somewhat, and while he didn't quite fall asleep, in his drugged up state, he was far removed from the situation.
"Tony," Said man looked up at the other scientist in the room who was sitting at the end of Tony's bed. "You know Morse code right?" He also knew very basic ASL, but his knowledge of it was pretty useless with only one hand. In response to Bruce he softly tapped out an affirmative on Steve's thigh.
"Take it one step at a time." Clint piped in, eyeing Steve seriously from where he was perched near the window, the super soldier just waved him off nonchalantly.
"We got them. They were still there at the base, and when I found out what they did to you, I lost it. Slaughtered most of them. Fury had to pull a lot of strings, so only SHIELD know. They've been holding it against me since, that if I don't work with them, as long as I don't actively work against them, then there's a truce."
"It is okay. You have a tracheostomy. That's why you can't speak, and you'll be weak as you've been in a coma. Can I do some observations?"
He couldn't see his enemies following, which was worrying him. If they could not see the need to chase him, they must be sure he wouldn't get very far.
Tony stripped off his jogging pants, having taken his t-shirt off after physio earlier, and stepped into the spray that Rob had gotten to a desired temperature before he left.
"Hey. Nice to see you." She suddenly heard a weak whisper.
"Sorry, I was unable to go further, all I can say is that a call was made about a Last Will and Testament earlier today. To stop this coming into effect you shall need someone's help, who can take you to a childhood home, and get a stashed device and bring it here."
Although having a chest infection and being in bed with Steve didn't seem very heavenly or hellish.
'Russia?'
"You can get a shower now if you like." Rob grinned at him, pleased that the trachy was finally out, and he had begun to eat a puree diet. Although he was becoming increasingly worried by Tony's growing dark circles under his eyes, but after his many refusals to talk to anyone, professionally or otherwise, besides drugging him against his own will, which was not going to happen, there were few options.
"I'm going to grab a shower, if you're going to be alright?" Tony gave a curt nod towards him, eyes still fixed on the tablet on his lap, and with a small sigh, Steve stood and moved into the attached bathroom.
"I shall not sir. There will come a time you want to listen to them."
"Please, I really need to see him, it's quite urgent."
She fell to her knees next to him, and shakily felt at his neck for a pulse, mildly relieved when she found one, but still terrified by his stillness, she then unzipped his jacket, and saw his reactor flickering.
"Where am I?" He croaked, his mouth like sandpaper, tongue feeling ten times too big for his mouth. The woman simply smiled at him while shaking her head.
He found his will to live again.
Then having little else to do, and trying not to dwell on the events leading up to his coma, he stared absently out of the window at the snow storm.
Steve was there, trying to quieten him, but all Tony's warped thoughts could see, was that Steve betrayed him, and screamed wordlessly to get him away. Seemingly within a moment, Steve had been swapped with Rada, and Tony almost immediately began to calm as she sang to him gently the little lullaby she sang when he was most agitated, and as she put his head in her lap, he felt safe that he would look after her.
He woke up some time later, covered in sweat and gasping, jumping violently went he felt a touch on his left shoulder.
"You gave yourself a chest infection, not looking after yourself properly. A doctor has been out, and says you'll be fine as long as you rest, drink plenty of fluids, get some decent nutrition, and take your tablets." Tony continued to frown at Steve, confused.
-/-/-/-/-/-
"Tony." Steve said, an hour later, still dressed in his workout gear. Barely hesitating in walking towards the smaller man, and crouching next to him, going to grip his hand, only to have it pulled away into his lap. "It didn't work. We thought it might not. Doesn't mean it won't ever work."
"In about forty minutes."
He remembered bits and pieces, Tasha sitting next to him, stroking his hair, and laughing tightly at Thor who was regaling them with tales of old battles.
"Reconsidered?!" Steve roared, Tony heard a clang like a chair being flung. "You are the reason he is here! It was your man who told Hammer where he was! And you didn't even have the courtesy to tell me he had been abducted until a few days later, and didn't give us any leads for three weeks. I probably wouldn't have found him if not for Tasha and Clint defying your orders. I don't fucking care whether you believed that I would 'compromise' the investigation or not. You don't get another chance. What has happened to him is on your head Fury. Now get out. I don't want to see you, ever again."
A heavy weight he hadn't been aware of had been lifted off him, Steve hadn't been the one who betrayed him, how could he have believed that? His husband, the man he loved, the man who had been crying over him, and probably worrying himself grey.
"There was a world threat from some aliens a few hours ago, Steve tried to stay, but he was needed. It's actually the first time you have been alone since you were brought here." Tony looked at Rob, and figured if he can't speak, he could try and mouth his questions, thankfully Rob seemed to understand. "You're at a private hospital outside of New York, you were actually at the Avengers Mansion until a few months ago when there was a threat against the building and thought it best to hide you a bit better. You've been in a coma for around six months."
"Do you want me to leave?" Tony didn't answer again, and so Steve took it as a no, and perched himself in a chair near Tony with a sigh.
"Well when is the delivery driver coming?" Pepper relayed the question.
"I won't be long." Steve smiled at Tony. "Don't leave him." He glared at the others, one rolled their eyes, one glared back, and one just nodded seriously.
Rada disappeared, and then he was cradled against a warm chest, right arm securely across his chest, his time perception must still be off, as he felt the cool air against his face, the same moment he felt his heart skip a beat.
And while the calls and texts dwindled, the only person who stopped trying to contact him was Steve, his most recent voicemail citing that he couldn't do this anymore, Pepper implied by the texts and voicemails that she knew where he was, but as he blatantly didn't want to see her, she wasn't going to force herself on him.
Tony shook his head, and pulled away from Steve, eyes puffy. He reached around Steve, picked up the discarded tablet, and pulled up what appeared to be some medical machinery, leaving Steve sat on the bed, feeling a little rejected.
"J, can you let me in?"
'Me?'
"He's dying!" The driver stopped, and turned to frown at her.
"Steve, swap places. If you were in the same position, and I was in yours, would you blame me?"
"J…" Tony said sternly.
"Tony, it's Steve. You're in New York."
"Sorry U, just make more noise when you're on that side, and I'll know you're there." He patted the robots strut who had bleeped sadly at Tony's jump.
"I'm sorry, you know I can't tell you that. It's looking more promising, but his brain activity is relatively unchanged. Although he still hasn't shown signs of brain death, so there is a chance. It's still a waiting game." A soft female voice came from Tony's left.
"You're welcome sir."
"I know. I'd be worried if you just went back to how things were."
"Show me specs Mark L." Bruce stared at Tony worriedly.
A short while later, he was tripping more than he was running, and soon enough, there came a point where he fell, and couldn't find the energy to get back up.
"Thank you!" She darted in, already dialling Steve. "I'm in."
"Your name is Rada?" She smiled and nodded. "Country?" She frowned and shook her head, not seeming to understand. "Tony." He moved his own hand to gesture at himself, but unbelievable pain raced down his arm, whiting out his vision for a moment, and causing him to grit his teeth to prevent from screaming.
"Shall I order the relevant parts, sir?"
"From what?" Steve asked, hugging Tony from behind.
"I would never do that to you. If you want rid of me, you'll have to be the one to do it. Besides I should be the one who is apologising. I-" Steve's voice broke and Tony cocked his head to the side in question, not feeling the need to voice anything. "A few months ago, when things were looking a little bleak… I spoke with your doctors, and with your power of attorney, signed Do Not Attempt Resuscitation papers."
"Pepper, I'll be there in about fifteen minutes. How is he?"
"Sir, you now have forty missed calls, twenty-six texts, and eighteen voicemail's."
"Afraid not. Only the delivery driver has access."
"Tasha, I need you to squeeze that bag of fluid into him. Clint, can you try to get a cannula in his foot? Your eyesight and steady hand may be an advantage; he's so dehydrated I struggled with his arm. If you can't I'll have to try to create an intraosseous access, but without the local, it will be short-lived but still unpleasant for him." Tony then felt Clint's rough hands on his foot, but his focus was spotty, and before he knew it, it was done.
It was a mistake, and the goon on his right did something, that sent a horrific pain down his arm, causing him to breathe in water in shock, and quickly blacking out. Coming to some time later, coughing up lungfuls of water as the other men in the room laughed.
Tony woke sweating. He was so used to being cold nowadays that being warm was a shock.
"Do you want to talk about it?"
-/-/-/-/-
"Why do you keep trying to control my life?"
"You clever kid. Thanks Jar."
"Sorry Rob, I think he needs some suction again." Steve's voice, the one who had been sobbing spoke to someone entering the room.
He lay sprawled on the ground, taking stock of his injuries. Between the broken fingers and nerve damage to his right arm, loss of a portion of his sight in his left eye, multiple previous concussions, deep gash in his thigh, broken and crooked nose, burn marks across his body, water in his lungs, lacerations just about everywhere else, and severe dehydration, Tony understood he wouldn't survive too long without medical attention. But he couldn't help but let out a small chuckle of relief, which turned into a splutter, simply pleased that if he was going to die, he'd die free, and by dying he could defy his captors that one last time.
"What's wrong? If things were how I imagine, that's what I would have wanted. And I can tell it wasn't easy or you wouldn't be so broken up about it."
Steve looked down, and seemed to think for a moment. "No. Not at all." He connected his lips with Tony's again. "You know, I wouldn't betray you like that, right?" He asked as he pulled away, looking worried.
"Thank you." Steve said, just loud enough to be heard over the hissing. "So, where was I up to? Yesterday, Tasha smiled, like a full on toothy grin, Clint was even teasing her that she had finally 'got some'? She only smacked him once for it, which according to Clint and Bruce, he's lucky he's not dead." Steve's voice seemed to break on the last word, before he cleared his throat.
"No. I would forever regret it if Jane was in this position and I gave permission to let her go, without making peace with it first, you must be sure. But whatever you decide, I shall stand by you, as long as you're sure."
"I know. You know what pain can do to man though."
"You're awake!" Steve ran over and hugged Tony tightly, and Tony raised an eyebrow over Steve's shoulder, and Bruce just mouthed back a 'later'.
"Rada." She pointed to herself.
"Yes. Authorisation code 13497TASGP. Now, J."
"Am I happy to see you Jar." Tony's eyes widened, then he grinned as Jarvis continued in his own voice.
"Tony, love. Wake up. It's just a dream. Tony." Just as Steve was starting to panic, he woke, not violently, he just opened his eyes slowly, and looked around vacantly. "Tony?"
"Hm… So how are Laura and the kids?"
-/-/-/-/-/-
"Try the workshop." She trekked down the stairs, and didn't see him there. "I don't… oh god, Tony!" She had spotted his feet, peeking out from behind a desk, the rest of his body hidden.
"Sure." They ended the call, and Pepper got back into her Audi to wait.
Now, with the fault in his Arc reactor, J was starting to feel dire, Tony had put so many restrictions on his interactions, he placed all his processing power into finding a loophole. And find a loophole he did.
It's worth it. Less pain in the long run. Less pain in the long run. He'll have Bruce, Tasha, Clint and Thor, to support him, he'll be fine.
Tony's eyes widened, and he heard the heart monitor pick up.
"Running diagnostics now."
-/-/-/-/-
"Clint-" Steve started, voice hard, but was distracted by Tony coughing, so instead he calmly grabbed the suction and helped to clear up the secretions from his husbands lungs.
-/-/-/-/-
"Sir, are you okay?" Tony ignored his AI, still trying to get over his disappointment and feelings of failure. At the lack of response from his creator, who continued to stare blankly out of the window, he did the only thing he knew would help, call Steve.
When he came to he was on a hard cot. It was cold outside of his blankets like the tiles he was used to, but before he opened his eyes he could tell he wasn't in his cell, from the cot, and from the lack of blinding light above him, also he could tell his largest wounds had been bandaged.
-/-/-/-/-
"Shut it Clint. You agree with me, everyone does! It's been horrific for Steve to even make this decision, now you're making him feel terrible about it! He has the power of attorney, so what he says goes!"
"We have attempted to reach Stark industries, and the Avengers for a comment, and they both declined. So, it appears that the two are separated! We shall miss this couple dearly. We also would like to wish Mr Stark a speedy recovery from all of us here. Now onto the best and worst dressed-"
"Let me have this sir. You have asked a lot from me already." JARVIS said sadly.
"JARVIS let me in!" The keypad next to the door flashed green, and Pepper didn't hesitate before storming the room. "Tony!" She saw him, pale, hair past his shoulders, beard no longer neat, but long and scraggly, and he also looked thinner than she last saw him, if that was even possible.
"Anthony." She almost growled at him. "You've broken him. You will fix it. And until you do don't expect to see me around. What you did was cruel, and I'm not standing for it."
"You were right," Steve whispered to him. "It was Wilson." Tony looked at him then nodded. Steve opened the door to Julie's apartment, and they walked inside. "Wade is in his room, trying to get some sleep."
He was an engineer. He was a CEO. He was young still. He was- He was under attack. The last soldier got out of the car, telling him not to move, which didn't really fill him with confidence when he saw the young man fall to the ground, holes appearing in the side of the humvee. Rhodey, Rhodey would know to do.
"Sir, there is an incoming call from a blocked number," Jarvis interrupted.
“I hope I’m not interrupting anything?” Coulson asked before Mary shook her head, and he walked into the bedroom. He walked over to the other side of Mary, leaning down to give her a kiss. “I was going through some paperwork, getting the forms that you’ll eventually need for when you decide to come back to work, and there was just something that bothered me about them.”
" Mary raised both eyebrows now. Another song started, this one she recognized, and slapped a hand over her mouth before she laughed. This song also skipped to the chorus. "
“Ah, yes, well,” Tony nodded a little. “Peter asked if he could call Steve Papa, like Jamie is going to grow up doing. It was all very sweet, and Steve cried a little.” Pepper raised an amused eyebrow at him, smile quirking at her lips. “Okay, fine, I cried a little, too, but only because he was. It was all Peter’s idea, really. And Steve swears that he heard Peter agreeing that Jamie is his sister.” Pepper’s brows went up. “I know! I don’t know what happened, but I’m not about to argue with it, for once.”
Jamie scooted on her butt a little, then carefully turned over to her knees so she could face Steve's feet now. He kept his feet still as she arranged herself, and started to pull off one of his socks. "Is this the exploring appendages stage? Or is it just all part of the curious stage?" Tony had told him to just trust his gut with Jamie. Jarvis was loaded with thousands of parenting books so he could help give advice, but when it came down to what her personality would be like, Steve had to decide how to work with that on his own.
"The US Government kidnapped you?" Julie gasped in mock outrage and Tony couldn't help but laugh. "Trust me, Tony, you're not the only one that's been thinking about what happens, after."
“I was just told that there was going to be a little party,” Tony’s best friend told him.
"They still ask me those questions," Mary deadpanned. "My mother doesn't particularly like Tony, mostly because he got me pregnant after my husband died." Steve raised his eyebrows a little. "Long story short, I was grieving and wanted to get drunk, Tony just liked getting drunk, and one unfortunately alcohol addled night later, we never saw each other again until I went to tell him about Peter."
"Not arguing with you on that one," Tony said, hands in his pockets. "It'll be a shame to see a possible source of clean energy go, but there are way too many volatile activities it could be used for. I don't think my Tower could take another hit from that thing."
"We are," William nodded.
“Do you talk to Steve, too?” She just smiled at him. That smile that said she knows the answer, and it could very well be ‘No’, but she wasn’t going to tell him. “The only way for you to know me this well if for you to talk to him at the same time. That’s a Steve thing to do. His stupid concerned butt.” He grumbled the last part out, minus any malice in his voice.
“Rhodey, sourpatch, pooh bear,” Tony pleaded over the phone. “Do they not understand that it’s a holiday? It’s my boyfriend’s birthday.” He could practically hear Rhodey rolling his eyes. “This man’s birthday is the best birthday to happen to me. Do you know why?”
"And what are you going to do?" Steve looked at him. He was probably feeling about as uncomfortable as Bucky was, even though this was something that he wanted to happen.
“Half?” Steve questioned with a raised eyebrow. “Wade?” Tony nodded. “And you’re not that much older than me.”
Tony looked at the holographic tree, tilting his head a little. "What about blue and red lights, Jarvis?" The lights around the pine tree shifted to different patterns of red and blue, the silver and gold ornaments reflecting the colors. "I think that looks better." He pushed a few of the presents for Peter closer tot he base, rearranging them, nodding when he was done.
Unbeta'd, and Marvel owns more of this than I do. Also, all music/movies/tv shows belongs to those that wrote/performed/produced/etc them. I use them for humor and good times.
Tony reluctantly sat back down. “I told Steve where I was going before I left, so if something happens to me, he knows where to start kicking in doors at.” Tony heard Loki’s soft snort, but he obviously wasn’t blowing off the threat. Strange waved his hand over Tony’s eyes, and Tony closed them. He felt fingers tap at the insides of his wrists, then move up to tap at his shoulders, then finally settle on his temples. He took a deep breath, trying to relax into the chair.
Peggy pursed her lips a little, smirking slightly, and raised one eyebrow. Steve frowned at the look. Amethyst put her front paws on the bed. Peggy chuckled and leaned over to pet her as well. “Forgive Steve for his rudeness. My name is Peggy, I’m Tony’s Aunt.” Amethyst trilled happily. “Amethyst, dear, does our Tony have a bit of a crush on Steve?”
"I wanna share." Peter grinned. Tony blinked then leaned in to take the bite that Peter was offering, and the little boy happily turned back to his plate. Mary sat down at the other chair at the table, putting down two plates on the table for them.
Steve frowned. "I think we'll know more when, well, we know more from the hospital. What reports?"
"Sir?" Jarvis asked int he silence of the room, watching his creator investigate the damage of the arc reactor. "If I may, perhaps it is time to make a phone call?"
, did I ever build one." He let out a hollow laugh. "That's where the suit was born. But, Yinsen, damned, brave, bastard, he saved my life again. Got himself killed in the process. He told me to get back here, to get back to Peter, he helped me make sure that I could do that." Tony swallowed thickly, and suddenly it was Steve's hands that were covering Tony's.
"Does that mean I'm in SHIELD custody?" It was asked in a guarded fashion, and Mary knew that she had to answer this one carefully.
Bruce hummed and nodded. "There's a floor for each Avenger," he said casually. "He's working on a gym, and a communal floor for everyone. I'm by the private R&D floor that holds his workshop, and my own lab." Bruce took something out of the oven, placed on the counter to cool, then turned to face Steve. "He set them up so that they could crash here whenever they wanted, like after missions, or in Thor's case, whenever he's on Earth. If he comes back that is, but we think he will."
"I imagine that probably your hip and your ribs hurt the most," Tony said as she adjusted to her right side.
Steve leveled a glare at him. "Yet, you're confused about why they didn't want you around?"
"A lot's changed since your time, Cap!" Tony called out. "This is a whole new beast to contend with."
"I thought we were to wait for the Asset?" Another man spoke as they started to move Tony.
“Would have been better if it wasn’t going to be twisted by every media outlet tomorrow.” Tony had purposely scheduled their flight on the one year date of the ‘Battle of New York.’ There had been dozens of invitations for the Avengers to come to some memorial event or another, for Tony to talk, no doubt about taking the missile through the wormhole, or for Captain America to speak. Everyone had wanted to know Captain America’s identity, and then after the Hydra/SHIELD dump speculation was running wild.
Hello all you lovely people!!! So, here's an update on what's happening and why there is no new chapter yet.
"Tony!" That voice, that was a familiar voice. "Open your eyes, Tony!" There was a pressure at his arms, but they weren't forced back. "Come on, it's alright." That voice was warm, he could trust that voice. "It's me, it's Steve. It's alright, Tony."
“I agree!” Steve said with shit-eating grin aimed at Tony. “I’ll of course take all the pictures.” Peter was too happy to notice the way that Tony was promising revenge with his eyes, and Steve just didn’t care. “Peter just has all the best ideas today.”
“I’m stealing your pancakes now.”
"Sounds like a pretty close friend," Bruce commented, walking around the workshop again, headed towards Tony's computers. "Like a female Rhodey. How is Rhodey?"
"Let them in Tasha," she told the spy. Natasha glanced down the hall, looking to see if there was anyone else, before opening the door for them. When Tony and Steve walked in last, Natasha shut the door again. Mary was sitting down at a vanity, Rachel behind her, finishing her hair.
"Your Daddy flew us in last night," William told him as Rachel rubbed Peter's back. "We got here just after you woke up this morning."
"We're family, like it or not, and I'm realizing that I could have been liking it for a hell of a lot longer." They both shared a laugh and Tony smiled.
He walked over and pulled up a chair next to Steve, sitting down as he watched Jamie trying to take the spoon from Steve. "I think she's going to cut a couple more teeth soon," Steve told him, managing to get her to eat some of the baby food. And then not release the spoon from her mouth.
"I'll let you know when its time to be concerned," Tony told her. "But, I think the most important question is; Where is Peter?"
The blue, it was familiar in color, but as Tony's fingers brushed along the glow, the energy was all wrong. It wasn't the arc reactor technology. Tony tried to pull his arm back, but the light lashed out, wrapping around his wrist. It tugged and Tony stumbled forward. The light grew in size, more threads lashing out at him, wrapping around his body, until it was all Tony could see, feel, breathe...
"No," Steve shook his head, and Tony looked over at him. "We've got eyes on him, and he's leaving the state now. He was packing up, most likely cleaning out before anything could be traced back to him. He hadn't known that the man he had hired had been caught, or well, at least that his stuff have been found. But, I have it on good authority that he has enough incentive to not try this again." Tony could read between the lines; The Winter Soldier.
Rachel had come back from the hospital three days ago, and was recovering nicely in the comfort of her own bed. When she stayed in it. Mary was pulling double duty or helping her parents, and helping Coulson go through information about possible Hydra locations. Julie was getting along exceedingly well with Todd the security guard, and Wade and Peter were in deep discussions about how they would try to thwart his all-knowing gaze around the Tower. Tony had money on Todd.
Peter had obsessed over the movie '
“Baby?” She asked softly, gently. “What happened?”
"Steve-"
“Can’t hear you!” He held up one of Peter’s shoes. “These are huge. They really go for accuracy, don’t they?”
They all knew that this was part of the job, that at any moment something could happen, and this was why Fury was Director. He would do whatever it took to keep the danger from reaching topside, to keep the world safe. He knew that, she knew that. She also knew that she had to get out of these as well, to warn people if he couldn't stop it. To get back to Peter, Phil, and Tony. Hopefully by now Phil would have gotten Peter to Tony, and he'd be gearing up Steve.
Tony looked over at Steve, analyzing him, and hummed. “That is a very good question, Petey. Are we going for looks, or what Prince does he embody in values?”
"She can hear you," Meg called out. "I don't drink coffee, by the way, so this isn't for me." She turned around to face them and Tony's eyes widened, whipping his head back to Steve. Steve blinked, looked over at his friend, then let out a laugh. She frowned as she rested a hand on her heavily pregnant stomach.
He slowly, yet still quickly, pushed himself up and away. “Um, well, I’ll just go get changed. Still have plenty of work to do.” He went to walk off, but Arc’s leg stretched out blocking his way. Tony groaned silently. Steve had gotten up from the couch, Vee sitting on the back of the couch, and walked over to Tony, rubbing Arc’s head as well.
"Put me through, Jarvis," Mary said softly. Steve watched her, wondering how often she had actually had to deal with this problem. "Tony?" She asked once there the sound of something else, sounding like drawers opening and closing. There was a grunt of surprise. "Hey, Tony, you there?"
"Wade, what are you doing in my room?" Tony asked with a soft sigh, turning his head to look at the older boy.
“Told I missed a hell of a view,” Tony murmured against Steve. “Was out for most of it, but Goldilocks took me to Asgard for a quick check-up. I’m fine, just tired.” Steve kissed Tony’s head, eyes shifting to look at Thor, who gave a nod to confirm Tony’s words.
"When are you supposed to moving?" Tony forcefully changed the subject, bringing forth a little snort from Mary. "And when is Peter coming home?"
"You have no idea what you're dealing with," Thor countered again. "This is beyond you, metal man. Loki will face Asgardian justice!"
"Peter is safe." Tony's head jerked up at the new voice, a male voice, one he had never heard before.
"Most of the time we just fall asleep on your couch with
He used his good arm to knock on the door, not too loud, but not too soft. Peter had probably just gone to bed, but he kind of hoped he hadn't. Tony had been unable to get a hold of them after the press conference, and he knew that they would have been watching; everyone would have been watching.
“She doesn’t like things on her feet,” Steve groaned, pressing his face into the bed when Jamie threw the sock across the room.
Mary snorted.
They walked in silence, a comfortable one, for a while before Tony hummed a little. “I blame you.”
"What if they get a live band?" Steve asked.
"Either a professional, or a professional hit."
Peter wrapped his arms around Tony's head, trying to stop him, and kissed his face. Tony smiled at Peter, rubbing his scalp with his fingers. Peter tapped the arc reactor again lightly. "This is different." Tony let him pulled down the collar of his shirt, looking for the black lines again. "This one makes you better?"
"Yeah," Tony nodded a little. "Set it up on Cap's private server."
"Uh," Tony ran both hands through his hair, quickly catching his breath. "I will be, yeah," he nodded. He rubbed his hands dry on the blanket, realizing they were sweaty, (and there was no red on them), he reached out to adjust the blanket that Steve had wrapped Jamie in. "How long have you been awake?"
"Shh, I got you," Steve whispered to him. He glanced over at Bruce.
"How is your wrist?" Steve asked, sounding a little guilty now.
"You could also try calling him by his first name," Mary told him, again.
"Doesn't mean you deserve any of those words," Steve insisted.
"Peter's safe," Steve said quickly. "Jarvis took him down the elevator to a safe room?" Tony's shoulders slumped with what he thought was relief. Steve felt a little guilty at the next question that he was going to ask, but he needed to know. "I need to know, are you good-"
"Closer to Malibu, not as dangerous where you live." Tony had found a nice apartment complex, kid friendly, and not on a busy street, easy to not be spotted and recognized.
“This place is Huge,” Peter gaped as they walked inside. “We’re gonna stay here?”
Tony. It was Tony that was with him, talking to him, helping him. It felt like a chore to open his eye lids, but when he did he was greeted to the bright eyes of Tony, worried. He wasn’t being dragged off back to Hydra, wasn’t drugged or hurting, he was there in front of him. “Come on now, it’s not cool to have a nightmare right after I do,” Tony said tightly, trying to make a joke. “You know I don’t like it when people try to steal my thunder. Only one mental episode at a time, you know this.” He let out a huff a breath when Steve suddenly wrapped his arms around him, squeezing a little. “Yeah, it’s okay, babe,” Tony whispered to him in his ear, arms wrapping around his neck. “I’m right here, and so are you.” He kissed Steve lightly. “Everything is gonna be okay.”
"The most reliable one, Grandparents." The older man smiled as he leaned in to pick up Peter, the boy's head flopping onto William's shoulder as he held him. "Has he gained like thirty pounds since yesterday??"
"We found out that Peter has an allergy to peanut butter," Tony said simply, and watched Mary freeze in her movements. "Jarvis thinks that it's probably a nut and peanut allergy, but I wasn't about to find out...."
Agent Maria Hill was pressing a phone to Steve's ear then, pulling him out of his thoughts. "-eve? Steven!" Mary? "Captain Rogers!" Her tone always had Steve standing to attention when she used his rank.
"I didn't approve any shipment," Tony looked back up at her.
"Count me in," Rhodey said with a smile. "I'll need to get an overnight bag-"
“He is entirely your son,” Mary remarked. Tony just grinned.
"They had a lot of items that should have been in SHIELD lock-up," Coulson said, holding the door to Bruce's lab open for Tony. Bruce glanced up from his computer and Tony put a cup of coffee in front of him. "Got away with more, and wiped their servers, those that weren't destroyed."
"I am linking you to the nearest undamaged cell tower, increasing the strength," the AI responded. Steve watched him, trying to understand everything that was happening, but he didn't look too confused. There were questions on his face, though. "Miss Parker in located in the room next to yours. I am sorry I did not alert you sooner, but I had not been connected to the Manor server when she was transferred."
"Just because I brought pizza back from New York, doesn't mean it went bad," Obie said, still playing the piano. Tony snorted a little, grabbing a piece of pizza, as Obie decided now was the time to get up. "It would have gone better if you were there."
"I figured as much," she said as she followed him. "Heard you and Steve were moving in together." Tony glanced at her. "That's a big step Tony."
He leaned back in the chair by her bed, tapping on his arc reactor. "What the hell is wrong with me? This is what I'm worrying about? I have to worry about Peter, and make sure that you're alright, and, Phil, and that's not even on top of the destruction to the city, and did you know about Wade's mother? I mean, you probably did, you were always better with other parents. I'm really kind of anti-social when you think about it. Not good at personal interactions, at all." Tony let out a breath. "I can just continue on, cause we said it, what happens in the gym, stays in the gym. That's a legit excuse, right?"
"I know that Peter would really like it," Mary said, knowing that it was a low blow. She smirked when Steve made a little whine.
“Let’s not sound to boastful about it,” Tony murmured a little. “Listen, I don’t come here with a lot of humility-“
"Look at it," Tony smiled a little, walking around it in a circle a couple of the time. "That's a much lighter blue. It feels better just from here."
Wade leaned in to whisper to Peter's ear, and Tony frowned when he caught bits of words, but it wasn't in English. Wasn't a language that Tony could recognize at all. Peter wrinkled his nose and looked at Wade, the two of them having a conversation with their eyes now. Tony glanced over at Steve who had only raised an eyebrow. Jamie was trying to reach out now, because Peter wasn't looking at her anymore.
Tony had went into Mary's room after putting the boys to bed, drawing a blanket up and over Steve. He had sat there in silence for hours, watching Mary sleep, thinking about what needed to be done, (he would be checking in with SHIELD today about Phil again), and of course, Steve. "What do I do, Mary?" He asked quietly. "He's Steve Rogers, saintly Captain America, and I'm the definition of debauchery. It's not cool to develop a crush on your childhood hero, and then to act on it, especially when said hero is also your own child's hero. This is all sorts of messed up."
"I don't know, it eventually lead to you starting a real relationship." She smirked at him.
There was a pause, a beat of silence, then Mary started laughing, throwing her hands over her mouth when she started to get too loud. Steve just watched her, waiting for her to be done.
Reaching where he thought the suit had gone done he saw a crater dipping behind some crushed cars. Steve vaulted over one of the cars and slid down the side of the crater, then gasped when ice cold water splashed up his legs. He reached up to grab the edge and his hand slid down, and when he turned his head back he saw ice instead of dirt and concrete.
“That’s not going away anytime soon.”
“He’s down with Mary, with Wade. They’re doing their schoolwork.” Tony relaxed a little bit. “His birthday isn’t until tomorrow, you didn’t miss it.”
Tony hummed, looking at some of the pictures people had taken. There were a couple of Tony and Steve stealing kisses, waiting in line at some of the rides, another of Tony’s hand on Steve’s back, and one of Steve feeding Tony a piece of his pretzel. He gasped when he saw one picture, face melting with the sheer amount of cuteness being thrown at him. “Pepper! I want some of these saved, printed, framed. There’s one of Steve with Jamie, and I might die from it.” Jamie’s face was caught in a state of shock, eyes wide, mouth open in a partial gasp as Steve had been feeding her cotton candy for the first time. The way it dissolved on her tongue had been the most fascinating thing in the world. Even Peter had smiled at the squeal she had made, her arms flailing around as she tried to get more. “Although, try to suppress those that include Jamie. I knew some not so kindly people that will recognize her, and we don’t need that kind of trouble right now.”
"Show some respect," Steve growled out.
"Well, there wouldn't be, if he had filled up the phone with other music as well," Tony said, and looked over at his friend. "He has Nineties Boy Bands on here!"
"What about the other superheroes that were with you?" Of course they only wanted to hear about that.
"They're kinda cool," Wade said and Peter nodded. "Still way too small to do anything yet, though."
"Barton and Romanoff came back." Tony leaned against the counter, crossing his arms over his chest and raised an eyebrow.
"Stark!" His eyes widened, a smile flitting across his face when he saw the man in the sky. He was coming back down towards them. No... He was falling.
“Who’s coming up this year?” Steve asked as he let go of Tony to let him get to work.
"Yes, Sir, of course." Tony huffed out a breath. They walked through the empty lobby, the business side of the Tower closed for the night, and Tony and Mary offered a greeting to the night guard. Although the Tower could go into lockdown mode, and offer more than enough security measures through Jarvis alone, the others working in the building felt better with security around, and Tony didn't mind the extra bit of precaution.
"It's a good thing that I know you," Phil told her with a smile.
"We'll be watching," the older man told him with a smile. Tony nodded and went next door to his room to change.
"Tony? Did you put the boys in Converse?" Mary saw the shoes that Peter and Wade were wearing.
“You bet,” Steve said with a smile. “It’s a holiday after all.” Peter grinned and pulled out a chair, wanting Steve to sit there. He then pulled a chair away from the table for Mary, and she leaned over to kiss his head as she slid into the spot. “Looks like you know where everyone is supposed to sit,” Steve said with a chuckle.
She could still feel a strong pulse coming from the PA. "Peter, Peter baby, are you okay?" She turned her attention to Peter, knowing that Stane was going to come back in the immediate five seconds. "Did he hurt you, baby?" she brushed her hands all over Peter's face, arms, back, everywhere. She saw the little trail of blood, and felt her heart stop a little. "Peter?"
"I'm know, I'm sorry, Petey." Tony sat down on the couch, holding Peter close to his body, never wanting to let go. "But everything's okay now, I'm right here." Peter practically curled up into a ball in Tony's lap. "I'm not going anywhere, bud." He dropped a kiss on the top of Peter's head. Tony moved to put his feet up on the couch, back leaning against the arm, pulled his knees up and just let Peter use his body as a seat, cuddling the boy. Peter's hand was covering Tony's arc reactor through the shirt and Tony let out a little breath.
"No," Tony breathed, shaking his head. He looked at Steve, then back to the words in front of him, gesturing helplessly. "Coulson isn't dead." His hands circled around the files, brain working double time to actually comprehend what he was seeing. "He's not dead, but SHIELD is hiding him. They want us to keep thinking that he is. The bastards have no intention of telling us!"
“I am unsure, Sir. The hit registered on the shields.” Jarvis’s voice sounded in the room instead of inside of the helmet, now. “I would suggest that perhaps this be explored. It would seem to be a deliberate attempt-“ Jarvis cut off when a small tremor ripple through the floor.
The day before Peter left to go to California, they had both caught sight of the metal armed man, (Mr Steve said his name was Bucky), in the living room, furniture pushed to the edges of the room, and he seemed to doing some kind of exercises. He had a couple of pieces of slim, polished, wood in his hands, and he was flipping them about, quietly going about some kind of routine. And then Miss Meg came out and then they were sparring, quietly since the twins were asleep. They were working on some fighting lessons.
"I simply wanted to deliver a message last night," Loki said simply. He glanced past Tony, at Steve and Thor talking, then back to Tony. "But, I may have an offer to make you reconsider."
Tony Stark was,... selfish. He sat in the drivers seat of the black car, on the dark street, half way down the block from a familiar building. It was late, but not too late, but he was restless, and he couldn't help himself. He knew that he should be resting, should be at home. Jarvis had the scans of the arc reactor, and as much as he needed to make a new one, he knew the power would hold up for at least another three weeks if it came down to it. He needed to see his son tonight. Tony grabbed the box from the passenger seat, the present that Rhodey had picked up, and had even gotten wrapped. Taking one more breath, he opened the door, and stepped out, pocketing his keys and heading for the apartment building that Mary and Peter lived in.
He gasped as he fell to the ground, strength fading, giving up. He couldn't do it, he couldn't even gather the strength needed to go and save his son. He-
"I'm sorry, that was awful. I'm so tired that it's making me more a dick than usual." Tony waved his hands a bit. "They had some of your DNA, from the blood from that one fight, with the animals. And, I can't be sure, but they tried a lot of tests with that..... And she's the one that came out on the other side." Tony rubbed his hands together. "They tried to clone you, I guess? And,..." He trailed off as Steve looked back down at the baby.
“Were you hunting down HYDRA?” Wade asked, and Steve still hated the fact that his kids new about these enemies. In a perfect world, they would have only known about them in the history books. But also in a perfect world, he probably wouldn’t be Captain America.
Both men were barely paying attention when it happened. "Tony?" Tony's head whipped up at Howard's voice. "You're too young to understand this right now, so I thought I would put it on film for you." Tony frowned, leaned forward in his seat a little, vaguely aware of Bruce doing the same besides him. "I built this, for you." On film, his dad motioned towards the model of what was now the Stark Expo. "And someday you'll realize that it represents a whole lot more than just people's inventions. It represent my life's work. This is the key to the future." Was his dad really trying to tell him that the Stark Expo was the legacy he wanted Tony to live up, too? "I'm limited by the technology of my time, but one day you'll figure this out. And when you do, you will change the world. What is, and always will be, my greatest creation, is you."
"He'll come out here as soon as he's done," Coulson told her. "Take as much time as you need, the Director will be handling Tony for the next couple of weeks." Mary nodded a little, her arm still around Peter's middle, even as he tried to scooch closer to the TV. "He doesn't know you'll be here, so it should be a nice surprise."
“Stark!!” Tony whipped around at Natasha’s shout, and saw the Iron Man armor still pointed at Clint, the other hand now pointing over at Natasha and Bucky. Tony took a hurried breath, sounding more like a gasp, then moved his arms in a specific motion. The armor powered down, and Tony moved one arm and it fell the pieces on the ground. His hands and arms were shaking as he stared at the pile on the ground. Clint moved towards him and Tony jumped back and away from him, hands flying up to protect his head.
"A higher form?" Steve frowned. What had SHIELD been doing right under his nose? Was Mary or Coulson involved in this as well?
Mary pat his cheek a few times, pulling his eyes back up to her. "You are not allowed to get mopey tonight, you hear me?" Tony gave her a weak smile. "This isn't just a family dinner because the boys are coming home, it's also because you're back home. Steve's been in love with you for a while now, he just didn't know how to say it, or when. A lot happened over the course of this week, and I think that he realized that it's better sooner than later."
"Didn't feel like hitting on a bag?" Tony asked, looking at his plate as he ate.
Steve could feel a fine tremble in Tony's hands as amber eyes opened to meet his. He must have heard Thor's words. "Hands on my shoulders, Tony." Tony nodded, slowly moving his hands up to grip Steve's shoulders. "I'm gonna do this slowly, I'm gonna get this off, alright? I'm sorry if it hurts." Tony rolled his eyes a little, a sign of 'Get on with it.' Steve took a couple of breaths and reached both his hands up to one side of Tony's face, feeling for a latch, and gently lifting it. Tony winced a little, but otherwise didn't move. He could hear the hard breaths coming from Tony's nose, his hands moving to the other side. The second latch was lifted, and Tony closed his eyes tightly. The gag hadn't just fallen right off, it was still clinging to Tony's mouth. Not Steve knew why Thor had said to remove it slowly.
"There are two suits in the back seat of the vehicle as well," Jarvis said. Jamie looked around, like she did every time the AI spoke, but quickly went back to examining Steve's foot. "Including one Sir's newest models of the suitcase armor."
“A secret language?? And I didn’t know about it??”
Steve stared back at Bucky, not moving, expressions not changing. Bucky stared back in the exact same position. These two were the Steve and Bucky from before the war, stubborn boys from Brooklyn who both thought they were right and didn’t want to back down. Tony was sure that they would stand there for hours if given the chance. Jamie apparently didn’t want to give them that chance.
"I think it should be a little girl," Steve said with a soft smile. Tony let out a groan, dropping his head back on the chair. "What?"
Tony put his hands up, taking a couple steps back. "You know what, I'm out. This is something I no longer want a part of. Today is a long awaited day off, and I plan on spending lots of time with my son" He turned, heading for the exit. "I'm no longer involved in whatever you two will talk about, but Loki," he turned his head to look at the man in question, "you try any shit again, and you won't have to worry being innocent or not."
"Tony," Steve forced out, his voice tight. Had he been crying?
"But you won't call anyone. I know this, and you know this. Those aren't the only copies I have of those," George said motioning towards the pictures. "One of those finds its way into one of the hands outside, and it doesn't matter what I do, the whole world knows about your son."
“You’re trusting me in the kitchen?” Tony said, raising his voice so Steve could hear him. “I didn’t know you wanted to see if you were immune to food poisoning!” Steve snorted as he jogged up the stairs.
"No!" Tony kicked up and rolled. He opened his eyes and saw that he was on the floor now, breathing heavily, his room empty. He took a deep breath, hand going to rest over his arc reactor, feeling the buzz, and feeling his heart hammering in his chest. There was no way that he was going to get to sleep tonight.
"Do you wanna keep holding him like that?" Tony had almost forgotten that Steve was there until he spoke. "Peter, I mean. Did you want to put him down in his bed? You're looking kind of tired yourself."
After some feeding, burping, and changing, Steve and Meg had the three babies asleep, (Steve having been prepared with the spare crib that Jamie had used before), and Tony had Peter tucked away in his bed. The four adults were back in the living room, with Jarvis on strict instruction to let them know before anyone got within five feet of their location. Little ears did not need to hear what they might be talking about.
"Do a check on control surfaces," Tony said as he looked around, an idea starting in his head.
“But she’s so cute when she’s asleep,” Steve said, smiling.
The bedroom door almost creaked, which should have been impossible, and Steve was moving from the side of the bed, hand reaching for a shield that wasn’t there. He stood in front of the bed, trying to block Tony and Jamie, and frowned. A young man and woman were standing in the room, but Steve recognized them. From the pictures that Tony had pulled up after they had rescued him from Baron Strucker.
Tony glanced back over to see Pepper still watching him. “Going on this vacation, just with Steve and the kids, it was, huge. For me at least, and I was more than a bit apprehensive about it. Sometimes I think that we’re moving things too fast. It’s been less than a year, and now we’re living on the same floor, and we’re parents together, which we kind of didn’t have a say in, but we said we love each other, and I’m freaking out a little. I’m always freaking out, but, I feel good with him. Everything’s weird because it’s not just me trying to do things alone, anymore. And he’s real good with the kids, both of them, a real natural, so that’s always a plus.”
"Very good, Sirs."
There was higher pitched trill and Tony looked to see that Eevee had come closer to him, also looking sad. Tony felt his lower lip wobble a little, and he reached out to gently pet her behind her ears. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry he’s not here for you. I don’t want you be sad, Eevee.”
“But since he doesn’t know our magical signatures, he won’t be able to follow that.” Stephen shot Tony a look, but had continued like he hadn’t been interrupted. His cloak flapped a little in annoyance. “I had no other choice but to bring her to help, after I was able to figure out just what we were up against. She had been inside of your mind, so she would know any shortcuts we could use.”
"High tech baby monitor." Steve nodded at Tony's words. "Come on, I need some coffee, and I'm sure you could use something to drink, too." Tony got up and gently slipped his arm around Steve's to try and lull him out of the room. "She'll still be here in fifteen minutes, and you can watch and listen to it all with the tablet. Less of a chance that we'll wake her up with any talking as well."
"Loki's manipulating you," Natasha continued.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mary pulled back on the door that gave access to the wiring and gasped when she saw Peter huddled in a ball. "Peter," she breathed, putting her weapon back in the holster quickly, and grabbing onto her son.
"I think I know exactly what you're thinking. Great idea, I'll make some popcorn." Bruce raised an eyebrow at Tony. "We have to see how the Winchester boys stop the Devil." Steve grinned.
"You know, I'm not totally convinced that the show is fictional." Steve raised an eyebrow as he grabbed two sets of silverware and they both headed back out to the bar, Tony leading the way. More often than not, if they were up on Tony's floor, they would eat at the bar. Tony would wrap his ankle around Steve's foot, and pull their stools close together. He didn't like eating with a plate in his hand, preferring a hard surface.
“I’m not exactly sure yet,” Strange murmured, taking a couple steps back. “When we’ve all gotten more rest, I can relay what happened, but know that things have been handled at this point.” Steve watched the older man move, and then Loki was there. When he looked at the sorcerer he could see that even he looked winded, and spent.
"I'm sorry," Tony whispered to her, looking back down at Peter, who was still sleeping against his chest, little hand on the arc reactor, safe in his arms. "I keep making things hard."
His face was worryingly blank. Wade looked at Steve, and when he spoke his voice was even and strong. "You'll stop him from hurting anyone else, right?" Steve nodded right away. "You'll stop him from coming back?" Steve saw his jaw start to wobble a little and he reached out to gently take Wade's arms. "He hurt me and my Mom, and I swore I'd never let him do it again. When he left, I swore she'd be safe."
"We kissed," Steve blurted out, making Mary stop and blink. She looked at him. "At the Manor, we kissed. It had been a kind of emotional day? I mean, we were talking about Howard-" Mary's eyebrows shot up "-and then he had had a nightmare, and I couldn't sleep. And one thing led to another, and we kissed." Mary blinked a couple of times, slowly. "And then, just a little bit ago, Tony dragged me to the gym, and we kissed again,..."
“You could have just said Peter and Wade,” Tony told him. “With all their training,” he said, eyeing Steve a little. “They’re going to be practicing that everywhere.” He gently started to rock his leg up and down with Jamie sitting on it, hand around her side. “Anyway, I’m spending too much time locked away in some windowless room, and I figured we could go out and get all the furniture bought. We can take Wade with us, and then just, make a day of it.”
“We’re all set, I’ve got three key cards, and the room is ready.” Peter hurried ahead of them, and Tony wrapped an arm around Steve’s waist. “What do you think so far?”
He came through the door to his own floor, the lights dimmed, but not off, waiting for his arrival. The kids would be asleep, Tony would have made sure of that as soon as Steve let him know that they were going to be getting back late from their mission. The light from their bedroom was still on and he slipped in to see Tony sitting up in bed with a tablet in his hands. He was working on some idea, but looked up and smiled when he saw Steve come in the room. He put the tablet on the bedside table.
“No, that was just me with the light saber,” Steve filled in, and Tony shot a little glare his way.
"I don't know," Tony said, not turning his head to look at the man, wanting to appear indifferent. "Put a fire under Cap's ass, and you reap what you sow."
“They have a secret language,” Bucky filled in. Tony gaped at the two boys a little.
“Sounds all steeped in tradition.”
“She was aware of what was happening,” Tony said as he dropped down on the couch, putting a hand on his sore stomach. “Well, that’s good news at least. Steve’s with Bucky, so if he somehow gets triggered, we know that he can stop that.”
"Pierce wants him alive," the man said, taking a couple steps back. That was all the warning Tony had before one of the men in front of him fired another rocket. Tony fired from his gauntlet, stopping the first rocket, but was unable to get another shot off before the second one slammed into him. He was throw to the ground, rumbling over the concrete before slamming into a SUV. He fired the rockets on his boots to get him before he was hit with another rocket. When the HUD went dark he knew that this one had been a high powered EMP. "Get the suit off of him!"
"Where's Peter?" Tony tried to focus his eyes, looking around the room. "Loki-"
“Keep me updated, J.” Tony spun around his chair, tilting his head back and closing his eyes.
“Mark Thirty-Nine?? Tony.” He turned back to face said man, who wasn’t able to look at him. “I didn’t know you had this many suits.” Tony mumbled something, and Steve pulled him a little closer. “There’s more?” He nodded a little, and Steve pulled him into his arms. “It’s time to come to bed. I’m going to have Jarvis put the workshop on lockdown.”
Tony thought that his eyes might actually roll out of his head at the statement. He looked at Bruce. "Shall we play?"
Everything had happened just days before Tony's birthday? Steve looked at Bruce with big eyes. They couldn't let Tony's birthday pass like this, could they? Bruce had got to get more juice, and fill Tony's cup with coffee, leaving Steve with his lingering thoughts.
"That sounds familiar."
"And our towels are waiting in the pool room," Wade said after him.
Thor laughed and it was like a slap to the face. Tony took a couple steps back, putting a hand to his head. No, this wasn't right. The room felt too hot, the air was too thick, and something was buzzing in the back of his head. Was this from the arc reactor? Tony glanced around. No, everyone else was acting odd, off.
Again, guys, holy frijoles! You guys really love this, and I can't believe it! It's amazing, and I hope to keep it as good as you like it. Thank you to Everyone who Kudos, who Comments, who bookmarks, and just Loves this story!
Steve was resolved to get Tony a little more medical training after he was bandaged up. Perhaps Julie would be able to help the man, but maybe Steve would just avoid being in the path of bullets from now on. The skin around the shots was red and puckered from the digging that Tony had done to tried and pull the bullets out. Steve hadn’t been impressed.
He was so not prepared for this, he was so not prepared to be a father. Almost seven years, Mary had been trying to train him for seven years, but it just wasn't enough. Perhaps Tony thought that a good thing would never end, that Mary would always be there to take the role of primary parent. To let Tony step in when he built up enough confidence that day. That seemed to work out for them. Peter didn't seem unstable, and he seemed to always be happy, when he wasn't getting in trouble for something stupid that he and Wade had done. Tony had been resting on his laurels for too long, and it was coming back to bite him in the ass. Again.
"That was last year, Buck," Steve said, thinking back to when he could pinpoint the origin of this mess.
Steve put the towel over Tony's shoulder and watched him burp the baby girl. "I'm actually wondering why the Purple Heart. You should be honored to get to date me."
“Don’t think I’ve heard you use the phrase ‘home’ before. Sounds like you’ve learned a lot since I was out.” Leave it to Mary to pick up on things, Steve thought. “Peter tells me that you stayed with them in the Manor before you left. He’s going to be real happy to see you again, by the way.”
“I’m just that good,” Steve said with a laugh, then opened the door for him. Wade walked through the door first, and Steve followed him. It was late, and he was sure that Julie was probably up waiting for him. “You know you can come to pretty much any of us, right, kiddo?”
Tony grunted and nodded, then pushed himself up. He looked at the progress bar as Jarvis was machining the parts for the new boots. It would take several hours anyway, and Mary would pick up Peter by then. Tony thought that he should at least grab a quick shower, change his clothes, and then make breakfast.
Pepper eventually walked back over, took the device, and nodded. "Don't come right back here, just in case. Wait an hour or so." Peter would be asleep by the time that Pepper came back with the drive. She nodded one last time and left the workshop. He knew he was asking a lot of her, but he also knew that she could do it.
"I did," Steve said in a rather unimpressed manner.
"Bruce!" He burst through the door to the workshop, causing Bruce to jump, even though he had known the man was on his way. "Bruce, I figured it out! Where's the model for the Expo?"
"You're evil."
Steve’s breath stuttered a little. “I saw one of his nightmares,” Steve said slowly. “They did something to his hands, and it looked like they were traveling, or-“
Tony slumped into the chair by his computer station, taking a few deep breaths, closing his eyes. He was starting to feel like this more often, and there had to be something happening, and now he needed to find out. What if it was genetic? What if it could have been passed down to Peter? He had to be prepared, to get on top-
"You should get some sleep, Tony," Bruce told him, pushing himself away from the wall. "It's late. Go sleep next to Peter." Tony nodded a little. "Things are going to start getting crazy in the morning."
The hands went to leave, his gasp an unexpected reaction, but Tony's hands darted to grab Steve's wrists. "No," he whispered, voice a bit deeper, huskier. He licked his lips and looked into Steve's eyes, blue almost gone as desire traveled through Steve's system. Tony didn't need to say anything else as Steve's hands pressed back down against his skin.
"Yeah," Steve nodded, thanking the waitress when she brought over some waters for them. "I know, it's got a lot of bells and whistles on it, and I've pretty much only mastered the music app. Do you-" He lowered the menu a little to help her unlock the phone, and blinked. She had already unlocked the phone, had the music app open, and was looking through his road trip playlist.
Steve reached up slowly, gently, cupping Tony's cheek. Tony closed his eyes tightly, trying not to lean into the warm hand. Jarvis, the human, had been the last one to cup his cheek like that, when he had been dying. As much as he tried to stop it, a tear slid down his cheek and Steve's thumb wiped the tear away. Steve's other hand rested against the side of his neck, curving around to the back.
Mary pulled out her phone, sending a text to Tony, letting him know that she was heading out. He had taken Peter for the day, which really helped as she was still trying to find a babysitter that she could trust. Tony had told her that she could do it anytime, because he was working on something new that would happen in New York, so he didn't plan on going back to Malibu in the short-term future.
The mans voice was easy on the ears, soothing, in a way that was different from Mary's. Mary had a soothing parent voice, but this man, it felt more personal than that. His tone was soft, but it wanted answers as well. "I'm,...." Tony looked around, and he saw the bed, saw the light coming from the bathroom. His bedroom. "Yes, I'm in my bedroom."
"I meant me-" Rhodey continued.
"The Serum is stable," Bruce said, moving to the next topic. "But, in a dormant stage, like your own." Tony nodded a little.
Pepper must have been making some kind of case as Tony's expression softened a little. "Just pancakes, Pep," Tony said quietly. He made a noise. "Yeah, you too, Pep." Another pause. "That will be all Miss Potts." Steve thought he saw the ghost of a smile. He cleared his throat softly as Tony hung up, and the older man turned his head to look over.
"Why do you sound out of breath, Tony?" Was Rhodey accusing him of something? Something that he completely did do, but still.
"Okay," Tony nodded, running a hand through his hair. "Coulson said that they have teams out there looking for the objects that Hydra took from SHIELD, and looking for Strucker. Jarvis will keep an eye on that, send us locations as well."
They hadn’t discovered that it had been Barnes that had killed him until after he was already working with AIM, and breaking away from his conditioning. It seemed that Hilda had her suspicions though. Tony suspected that she wouldn’t be in Italy anymore, and he was fairly certain that she had entered the US again, but she had very nearly disappeared.
"Good," she said, and Tony could imagine her nodding her head to punctuate the statement. "You've got more people in your corner than you know." He could hear her take a little breath. "We'll see you tomorrow, should be right before dinner."
He found himself suddenly sliding across the smooth tile floor of the lab, and the girl, Wanda's, eyes had a blue tinge, and she looked,... concerned.
Tony got up, the little kitchen not hard to find. "You use a bottle? Not the, whole," he motioned to his chest, and Mary just raised an eyebrow. "You know, how most mothers do it? Feed the baby?"
Steve frowned, glancing at Tony, who was half dozing against Steve’s chest, then at Thor. He focused on the steps as he stepped through the door, and they made their way to the elevator that was already opening. “What do you mean encounter?”
"You two don't live together?" Steve wondered what kind of man this father was. "You aren't married?"
"I wanna show him!" Peter exclaimed happily. Tony rolled his eyes fondly, and turned to press his hand to the scanner, and put in the code to the door. The door unlocked and Tony pushed it open, letting Peter pull Steve inside first. The room was fairly plain, a few chairs and one couch in there, acting as a private room. There was door that led to a small bathroom, but other than that just wood paneled walls. Steve did notice that there was something small, wrapped in birthday wrapping paper, sitting on the chair though, and he saw his name on it. He walked over and grabbed it, turning it in his hands.
Bruce shook his head, setting his tablet down on a higher table, away from Jamie. "No, I was just looking for Tony. He had Jarvis take some scans of Barnes' arm, and I thought he might to look at some of them."
"Tony says, what happens in the gym, stays in the gym," Steve said carefully, and it seemed that Mary caught on.
Careful hands gripped the metal on either side, and slowly started to pull. Steve felt a little resistance, and he tried not to think about what was happening. When Tony was finally free of the odd device, he took a gasping breath. Steve saw the fine pinpricks of blood around his mouth and on his lips, then looked inside the gag and saw the metal burrs.
"There was no internal, or external, tampering that I can detect, Mrs Parker," Jarvis supplied from the tablet. "There is one full second of footage that is unaccounted for. As if it never existed in the first place." If it was possible for an AI to be distressed about something, that would be Jarvis over the missing one second.
"I still have to share you and Mama, though."
“You’re in my home, and you’re adding horrible songs, in my presence!” Tony looked at his phone when Jarvis sent the new song alert. Steve was sitting on one of the loveseats, feet propped up, his own phone in his hand.
The elevator doors opened, and Tony was stepping out, holding the doors to let mother and son in, before he hurried over to Steve. He pressed a hand to Steve’s cheek, eyes taking in the blood stains. “What happened?”
The woman sputtered a bit, her face turning red, and the other reporters were dangerously close to turning on him. "Don't want to answer all those questions? That's alright, I respect your decision to not expose them to hundreds of thousands, possibly millions of people." Tony's gaze raked over the rest of the press. "That's what it sounds like to my ears." Tony stood up fully. "As I said, Mini-Me is young, and as his father, I will do what I have too to protect him. I humbly ask that everyone refrain from taking unauthorized, illegal, pictures of my Mini-Me, and heaven forbid you find her, his mother. Do not approach him, do not talk to him, like he were some other high profile target for your news days. I'm sure that the rest of you would not want anyone to do that to your kids, or grandkids, nieces, nephews, or even cousins. You'll know when you're allowed to capture his image, or his voice." Tony waited, waited for any other stupid questions to pop up that would go against what he had just said, and was pleasantly surprised when nothing else about his son came.
I do not own anything that Marvel/Disney own. I only own the ideas of plot, and the original characters of Jamie and Danielle.
"The big bottle," Steve told her. "Won't even limit you to how many you want to eat." She eyed him, throwing the offer around in her head, then smiled brightly at him.
"I'm not actually sure," Steve said uneasily. "I haven't had a chance to ask him that. Like I said, I don't know much, but I know that he wasn't under any orders to attack you." Tony's expression screamed 'Is that supposed to make me feel better?' "He was trying to make sure that AIM, and Hydra, didn't finish their Serum or other experiments."
"This is a truly horrendous tie for cameras, Tony," Pepper said a little fondly. Tony shot her a grin.
"We moved date nights up there," Steve explained. "Most of the time we get interrupted for one reason or another, and we'll just sit and watch Supernatural." Sam's eyebrow was up again. "Tony says that it's depressingly domestic, but he's hooked on the show, I can tell." He shrugged a little. "We watch it up there, because we have more warning if Peter's gonna be coming out to the media room."
"I bought three of them in the next sizes up, so we're readily prepared," Tony said, taking a drink of the water that was at his seat. "Come here, Petey, let's look at the menu, then you can tell them about all the awesome stuff we saw."
"I think it's going to take a little more time than that to get through seventy years of music," Bruce told the billionaire.
"That's cheating," Tony pointed at him, making his way around to the driver’s seat. "It's cheating and you know it."
He gasped when his body suddenly jerked, a bright blue light flashing in front of his eyes. Then red. Then green. Something was in his head. “No,” he whispered, starting to shake his head. “No, no, no.” It was this long, this long being hidden away, he couldn’t go back, not when he was this vulnerable. “Help, please.”
"You should go through it after you take Peter to go see Rachel," Steve suggested. Tony looked over at him. "Start off the day with something good," he shrugged a little.
"Santa did come! He knew where I was!" Peter jumped around and ran over to the presents, but not touching them. He let out a little squeak, and looked back over at Tony and Mary. "Mama! Daddy! Santa brought you presents too!" Tony blinked and looked over at Mary, who was looking at him with the same surprised look. They had both gotten each other presents, and neither had been expecting it. Maybe this Christmas wouldn't be so bad.
"You wanna write your own name, kiddo?" Tony asked Wade. He grabbed the clipboard and pen and handed it to Wade as he pulled his wallet from his back pocket, flipping the leather open and pulling out his ID. He handed it to her and watched her slide it through a small scanner.
I want to thank everyone, so so much! Without all the support and kind words, and just seeing how much you guys really like this, it helped, and it kept this story full of life. I loves you all!!! Even all you lurkers! I see numbers, and I know you're there, and you're amazing as well!
"Mr Stark!" The shouts started up again. "How old is he?" "Why can't we have his name?" "Can you release any official photos?" "Was it the mothers ideas to keep it secret?" "Does he have your last name?"
"I could fall off the wagon at any time," Tony argued.
“Steve!” Steve sucked in a breath at the shout by his ear. He started sucking in breaths until he started coughing, lungs unable to hold a proper breath. A hand was rubbing against his chest, which he could feel again, and he felt something breathing just against the shell of his ear. Someone was trying to help him regulate his own breathing, that’s what it was. “Can you hear me now?” Steve nodded once, jerky, but he nodded. “You’re in New York, and it’s Twenty-Twelve, October. You’re up in the Penthouse, and Peter and Jamie are still asleep. You’re safe, babe, you’re safe. I’m safe, everything is alright.”
"You know, all you had to say was Peter, and I would have come up here myself." Tony couldn't help the smile that started to spread across his face.
"Yeah!" Wade agreed. "I mean, we'll try our best, no promises Mr Tony," He looked up at Tony as Tony looked down at him. "It's a lot of work." Tony let out a laugh and Wade grinned.
Steve ran a hand through his hair, fluffing the much shorter hair a bit, and smiled. He really was looking forward to spending Christmas Eve with Tony. It would the first holiday since waking up in the future that he actually spent it with someone else, just for the sake of having company. He walked back into his room, grabbed the wrapped present for Tony, and headed for the elevator.
“I know for a fact that he’s going to come find you, because he wants to ask you something.” Tony leaned back against Steve. “If you want to take some time finding a shirt, I’m gonna get a shower real quick, then I’ll take over Jamie watching while Peter has a completely serious, and amazing, conversation with you.” He tilted his head back to look at Steve’s face, and kissed his jaw. “It’s only good, trust me. Now, watch the baby while I get naked and wet.”
"Merry Kissmas, Petey." Tony grinned at him, then looked at Maria, who was setting down Peter's bag and jacket, and then a bigger canvas bag that looked three times as big as Peter. "I thought you two were going to be at Grandma and Grandpa's tonight."
“That’s a little ingenious,” Steve admitted. Jamie looked comfortable, and watched her kick her feet. “She does look adorable.
"But, on the Hellicarrier," Steve trailed off a little.
Hovering over the roof of his home, close to the roof access, he stayed. "Kill power," he commanded to Jarvis. What he was not expecting was to fall through the roof, through the baby grand piano, through the roof, and land right on top of one of his collector cars. Dummy released the fire extinguisher, and Tony let his head fall back.
"She needed help," Steve was starting to explain, pulling Tony back from his thoughts a little. "And your Daddy found her, and saved her from some bad people."
"Mary said I could trust you," Tony tried pass it off with a shrug. "No need to go digging where there was no dirt."
“I said I would take him later,” Steve said calmly, eyes on the mirror as he shaved away the stubble, working along his jaw. “I didn’t know that later meant a couple weeks later.” He knew that the seven-year-old wouldn’t forget what they had talked about last week. “I didn’t anticipate he would suggest it for your birthday.” Steve glanced at Tony in the mirror, watching the man lean against the counter next to him, his own morning routine not started yet. He knew Tony wasn’t actually mad at him. “Are you upset that he wants to go back to a Disney park so soon, or are you upset that now you might actually have to do something on your birthday?”
"Natasha found Barton, but they won't be coming back yet. There's so much in this store," Steve said as he looked around.
“Liberal Arts.” Tony threw his arms up, rolling his eyes. Peter save him from more dramatic when he ran back in the room. “Ah! It’s Master Kenobi!”
"Very good, Sir."
"If you're there, I'll try," Tony told him, bring his hand down to kiss his palm. "Go on, go check on baby girl." Steve kissed him one more time before leaving the living room for Jamie's room.
“Something from a game that Peter and Wade were playing last year,” Tony told him. Steve was a little envious, but impressed, with the way that Tony was able to play and talk to him at the same time, to follow the entire conversation. And on a song that he had only learned not too long ago, with no sheet music. Sometimes Steve thought about learning how to play some kind of instrument. Before the war of course. “They weren’t too incredibly thrilled with it, apparently calling it one of the weaker of the series. But, the music was catchy, and I tend to dabble at the keys when I can’t sleep, but don’t want to be in the workshop.”
"Tony," Mary groaned a little. "You drive me nuts sometimes."
"Good to see you, too," Mr Fitzpatrick said, smiling back. "Thanks for the ride, Tony."
Steve had been right, he always felt better after spending some one-on-one time with Peter. This was his little boy, his son, one person calming army. He had to keep a little bit of optimism that the next call they got would be good news about Rachel. Or news about who was behind the attack.
Tony thought to himself.
“That’s the length of a Peter,” Tony said with a smirk. “But, still in your twenty’s, so still time to enjoy the little bits of life that aren’t dedicated to a kid.”
His mind took him back to the gym, how they had been talking, and suddenly, they weren't. He could still feel Steve's hand against his cheek, and Tony knew he was going to be in trouble if that happened again. Steve was going to want to have a conversation about what happened, and Tony knew that they would need it, but he also really didn't want to have that awkward conversation. It would be better to just not let it happen again, no matter how good all of it had felt.
"Is that-"
"Can't promise the boys will be safe from their adventures," Steve said with a chuckle.
"Who are you?" Tony growled out at the man. He was about to step closer to the man, but the sound of a jet was coming from above. The back opened up and he saw Agent Romanoff was standing there in a black cat suit.
Steve frowned a little, then crossed his arms over his chest. “Can I ask, why didn’t you tell me before that you had my other pokemon?” Tony tensed a little, really not wanting to get into this. “And where are my Sandshrew and Magikarp?” Tony really didn’t want to answer it. He remembered, at 6 years old, finding the pokeballs, and how two of them were already gone with the third barely hanging on.
"I would, but, I'm not sure if you do," he said hesitantly. Tony made a little 'o' with his mouth. Steve was thinking about the stuff that he had shown him earlier. What hell, he was already this far down the rabbit hole of bad decisions, and he had just had a nightmare that he was eager to forget. Even Howard was better than what he saw.
Strange hummed and nodded. “Understandable, but it is the quickest way for me to determine exactly what is happening. Let me remind you, that you came to me.”
"Thor said one of the Asgardian healers may be able to do something."
"You do. But I don't quite think you're well enough for a wash yet." Steve chuckled. Now had their relationship been in a better place, Tony probably would have made a joke about a bed bath, but instead kept quiet, just rolled over to press himself into Steve's chest.
The day Tony finally opened his eyes, it was dull. He was on his side, facing the window, and he could see what appeared to be a blizzard outside. He slowly roved his eyes around the room, it appeared somewhat familiar, but he was unable to understand why.
"Welcome home." J greeted him as he stepped into his mansion in Malibu. He hadn't set foot in this place since a few days before his abduction, which was now over a year ago.
"Okay, thank you Doctor." The door closed, and Tony heard Steve breathing gently, not appearing to be crying this time. "Baby steps." He seemingly muttered to himself.
He felt the sun on his eyelids, but the warmth was coming from his back. He snuggled in closer with a sigh. If this is what the afterlife felt like, he was somewhat pleased he didn't fix his reactor, no matter his regrets as he passed out when the Arc reactor began to fail properly.
"Good. When I come back, I'll bring you a pen and paper, and you can try writing, it'll take some work, but it's a way of communicating other than nods eh? I'll also keep you updated on your husband, we're the first ones to be informed if anything happens." With another smile, and cautionary glance at the machines, Robert left.
"Yes." Tony said, pressing a hand to the dressing against his throat.
He tore through the forest, focusing on keeping his feet moving, and away. He eyes were focused on the ground ahead, while periodically looking up and around, also using them to compensate for his damaged ear drums, ear drums he damaged in an explosion during his great escape. He was relatively sure they could heal, but he didn't have the time to wait for them to do so.
Tony tried to let out a unsurprised snort, which didn't sound anything near, but Bruce seemed to understand.
"Well remember that I was the one who stopped you going to the Raft for the rest of your life. I was the one who saved you from death row."
"Is that what this is about?" Steve raised an eyebrow. "Because if it is, no one has been controlling your life but yourself for a long time, and look where that got you."
He slowly opened his eyes, blinking drowsily, and seeing only blue in front of him. A relieved hue of blue.
"Fury."
"Sir, there appears to be a fault inside the device. Probably due to age, it hasn't been serviced for two years now." And now he remembered why he pushed them all away, to save them from this. He knew he wouldn't be able to fix this fault with his one hand, it wasn't even quite steady enough for the delicate work it needed. He also couldn't exactly remember how the Arc reactor worked, his brain just couldn't focus for long enough to figure it out, he didn't have a spare either.
"Steve. You'll need to carry him."
"You win." Steve whispered, then in a flash, was gone. Leaving Tony to breakdown as he finally realised what he had done.
"While you're at it, tell them all I'm not going to apologise or ask for any of them so they might as well stay away, from today I'm removing their visiting rights."
“Pepper Potts.” Tony stared at her as the car left the airstrip. She had taken Jamie from Steve, and Steve had his arm wrapped around Peter as he dozed lightly against his side. They had left the park after one more round of park hopping, and Peter guilting Steve back onto the Tower of Terror. “I know that look. Potts.”
“Shush you.” Tony reached out to scratche Steve’s bearded jaw. “I wanna get the mileage out of this beard before it goes away.”
"Sir, if you are to pick up Young Master on time, I would suggest leaving soon," Jarvis interrupted Tony's incoming tirade. Bruce was silently grateful, and he thought that maybe the AI knew what was coming. Tony blew out a breath through his mouth and nodded.
“Tony!” The boy sucked in a breath, tensing, and Eevee sensed it. “What have you done!” Tony quickly scrambled to stand up, turning around to see Howard marching towards him. Eevee let out a soft inquisitive churr and stepped up beside Tony, looking back and forth between Howard and Tony. Howard stopped and Tony saw something in his eyes. Something soft, that quickly disappeared into something that Tony was more familiar with. “Anthony Edward Stark.” Tony tried not to cringe.
"I would just accept it, it's going to happen," Steve told her. She knew about Tony's penchant of setting people up with things that they needed, heard about it all the time from Steve, especially with everything that he had done, and was still doing, for the people of New York.
“We’ll call, Mama. Love you, Mama!” He grinned and started to hop out of the room towards the elevator.
"I may not be able to cook much, or well, but what I do know how to make, it's made very well." Tony turned to face Steve with his own mug. "Little bits of my childhood that I remember fondly. Let's move out to the TV, mindless media calls for us." Tony moved before Steve could say anything else.
"Jarvis?" Steve called out quietly.
"I thought I wasn't coming back!" Tony shouted back.
Tony started to shake his head, pushing himself up. “Nope, not going to happen.” Mary grabbed the side of his shirt to stop him. “I can’t sleep, not here, Mary. I’ll end up making your injuries worse, and I’m sure you don’t want to be stuck in this bed.”
"-or Tony. In the next couple of days he'll be moved to the New York building," Coulson told her, pulling out his PDA. "You're going to be his Handler." Mary's eyebrows shot up into her hairline.
He sucked in a breath through his nose and his eyes flew open. There was soft lights above him, and there was blessedly warm air filling his lungs. A hand was gently carding through his hair, and there was humming. Steve blinked his eyes rapidly and he saw warm brown eyes looking back down at him, and then he realized that his head was pillowed in Tony’s lap. It was Tony’s fingers in his hair, and Tony’s soft voice humming to him. He sought out Tony’s other hand, wrapping both hands around it and bringing it to his chest, feeling the warmth there.
"You love trying to rile me up, don't you?" Mary smirked at him and he rolled his eyes, a little smirk. "Does Tony not like me?"
And Steve knew what was happening. "Tony never wants Peter to have to beg for attention," Steve nearly whispered. Bruce just took another drink from his cup, letting Steve work this one out. "He's nurtured everything that Peter has ever shown a little bit of an interest in. He gave up being a CEO to try and spend more time with Peter."
"He's still just young man!" Tony said, and he found himself surging to his feet suddenly. He started to pace in front of the couch. "What kind of life has he lived?? Only knowing sickness and war?! That's not how anyone should live." Tony shook his head, running his hands through his hair. "He deserves to go out there and be like everyone else, discover the world, date someone normal." Tony dropped back down onto the couch, his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands.
Strange warned.
She also heard music playing.
The book was leather bound, well-worn, but not thin. He reached a hand out and slowly slid it towards him. When he opened the cover he saw familiar hand-writing. "How did you get a hold of this?" Tony growled out. His father's journal, another one.
"This is not a piece of equipment. I'm in it. It's a suit," he blurted out quickly. "It's me!" Stunned silence is what he would have wanted earlier. Then the plane started to roll, and he was quickly losing his grip. One more high speed roll and they shook him loose. His sensors inside the suit spun, and he grunted when he suddenly hit something.
Steve nodded and kissed down his nose. “Yeah, I’ll go get her, but I need you to rest. I’ll be right back, I promise.” He turned to get up and noticed that the room was empty now. Strange and Loki were gone, no doubt back to his Sanctuary, and Pietro had more than likely taken Wanda, away from the threat that was an agitated Winter Soldier. Even Bucky was gone from the room. As he headed for the hallway though, he knew where his friend had gone.
“It’s a video game,” Tony explained, pulling out his phone and Jarvis was helpfully pulling up a picture. “Technically, he gets points, because it does include Disney characters.” Peter beamed. “That’s my son,” Tony said fondly. “I’ll get drinks, you three get settled. We’ve gotta watch
“Oh, not a chance in hell,” Tony said shaking his head. “But, they probably will bring the score a little closer, and get that lost dignity back. Rhodey played basketball when were at MIT, and then with the ROTC. I didn’t have the heart to tell Cap. Although, those really were Jamie’s first steps, and I know that Jarvis got them recorded.”
Steve wrinkled his nose up a little at the prospect of having slept so late into the day.
"Say what now." It didn't sound like she was happy about the prospect of another house arrest situation.
When they locked eyes Tony quickly turned, heading for the kitchen. William followed him and he caught Rachel when she went to follow Tony. He shook his head to his wife, catching her hands, kissing her knuckles. William caught Steve's eyes then, making a subtle head gesture for Steve to follow Tony. He didn't need to be told twice, following the older man out to the kitchen.
Steve looked like he was barely being held back by Pepper's hand on his shoulder, and Tony shot them both a grin, hands in his pockets. "Breathe, Rogers, you're cheeks are looking a little red. This is why we kept you back, pup."
"You never had a bad night?" Steve said, holding onto Wade, feet pointed towards Tony. Tony raised an eyebrow at him, but grabbed the other converse and put them on Wade as well. "Bow ties are going to be near impossible to get on these two."
"No, no, no, no," Tony repeated. He pushed Peter's shirt up, seeing the set in arc reactor. And the black lines of palladium poisoning marring his chest. "No, please, no."
"I get it," Bruce cut Tony off quickly.
"Tony!" Pepper was following him closely from the car. She was clearly upset, angry, whatever.
“Agent got Mary into a wheel-chair, Bruce’s orders, so they’re both in there with Peter.” Tony finished his coffee and stared forlornly at the mug. “And now I have to wait until they’re done to get more coffee, because I’m not allowed back into the kitchen.”
“You had me worried for a second.” Tony leaned over Jamie a little to kiss Steve. “But, I was thinking that we could do that whole, normal, thing you wanted to do.”
"I'm afraid not."
Tony wasn't sure what he was expecting, but suddenly he was thrown into buried memories. The blue power from the scepter was wrapping around him again and he gasped for air, words and whispers sounding loud to his ears. He was reliving nightmares, the feeling of a hand with too many fingers grabbing him, holding him down. The missile headed for the Chitauri ship, the iciness of space wrapping around him again.
"I do," Tony said nodding. "Alright, well, let's start with seeing what this other boy gave to you." Peter hopped up, running into his room. Tony thought she was still nuts for giving him this responsibility. He was also almost thirty years older than Peter was, and a very high functioning, low responsibility, adult. He yearned for a drink.
"Cool." Wade was wiggling then, moving from Tony's arms, but he kept his back to Tony. "You know, it's nice spending time here. You and Mr Steve, you're real cool, and it's kind of awesome having you act like my Dads' sometimes." He then turned back around to look at Tony. "Maybe, if you ask my Mom when she gets back from the hospital to come live here again, she'll say yes." Wade's eyes looked so hopeful. "I told her about Peter's grandparents living here now, and that I was always over here anyway, and I think I'm making progress."
Steve didn’t sleep again, sitting next to Tony, keeping watch over him, but he didn’t let Jamie sleep in her room again, along with Peter and Wade. They’d go back down to Mary’s floor after they woke up, keep up on their school lessons that Jarvis, and Tony, had put together for them. The boys were starting to get anxious, knowing that a birthday party was coming soon.
"Once," Steve nodded. "Obviously before the big change, with Bucky. Not what I came here to talk about though." Mary let out an amused hum. "I need to know how to woo Tony."
"I don't like the cold, so go ahead and burn as bright as you want," Steve cut him off, thumb rubbing his cheek. "Your baggage is sharing pillow talk with my baggage, guaranteed. And I think you know already know how I feel about Peter, and how I would be disappointed if you didn't always put him first. Hell, I put him first a lot of the time." Steve could see something in Tony's eyes, something loosening, softening, brown eyes becoming brighter, more golden. "I volunteered for the experiment, to go to war, that's all on me. Mary gave me a chance to take up some other mantle, to change what I wanted to be, what I was. I find myself here, in front of a man that I find myself very rapidly caring about, very much. And it's exactly where I want to be right now."
Tony repeated to himself over and over again, as he saw the completely and utterly heartbroken look on Steve's face. Steve reverently picked up his husband's ring, and held it tightly in his fist, looking Tony directly in the eyes.
"Sir, are you sure?"
The next time he awoke, he could hear Steve's gentle snore from somewhere in the room, underneath the rumbling whisper of Thor.
"No. It won't help. Thank you though Thor."
Last he remembered, they had split up over half a year ago, hadn't spoken to each other since, and Tony had died… hadn't he?
"You're very welcome, sir. Now my old self would say that you have; two thousand, six hundred and twenty five emails, three hundred and two unopened texts, six hundred and ninety nine missed calls, your voicemail is full-" JARVIS paused as Tony tapped. "Delete them all…? Just anything deemed spam, or government related? With pleasure!"
-/-/-/-/-
"Would you like me to stay?" Tony thought about it for a moment and shook his head, he appreciated that in his incapacitated state he was given the choice rather than being told, and with his world on its head, it genuinely felt like a blessing.
Thus, Rada and occasionally Lyosha, the man who had also been with him, would watch over him, redress his wounds, bathe him, and when conscious, encourage him to drink what little he could. This was his little routine, and after so many weeks of merely existing, unknowing of what was going to happen within the next hour, he was content.
"Tony? Are you with me?" The warm hand was stroking his cheek. Tony didn't know how to feel at hearing his husband's voice, relieved or scared? He could hear Tasha talking quickly and urgently in the background to Rada and Lyosha by the sounds of things. "His arc reactor is still on, that's good, right?" Steve sounded close to panicking, and Tony could now register Steve's hand shaking on his cheek.
