John hastily found a notepad and wrote it down, tearing off the paper and giving it to Sherlock. "Looking forward to it."
"We're sure. Please? It's our birthday tomorrow and having you talk to our brother would be one of the best presents ever," Eurus pleaded.
"He didn't tell me about your family history of alcoholism," Sherlock cut in, pointedly looking at John.
Sherlock entered the Leather & Lace office with a huge smirk on his face, which quickly disappeared when he saw a familiar brunette sitting at the reception desk with a smirk of her own. "Good morning Mr. Holmes."
The snow was falling more steadily, carpeting the ground in a soft blanket of white. John and Sherlock, satiated from a long bout of kissing, touching, and torrid lovemaking, were wrapped up in robes and in each other, looking out at the London skyline inside the all weather terrace of their suite.
Sherlock and John also loved how different the weather was in the country. A rare snow would look pure, serene, and peaceful, autumns were crisp with bright colors of orange, green, and red, and the rain didn't make things gray and dreary like it did in the city.
Auditions for a ballet get much more interesting when an avant-garde dancer grabs the attention of picky ballet genius Sherlock Holmes.
The car Mycroft and Sherlock are riding in is a 1960 Aston Martin DB4GT Zagato. Only 19 were made. Also, can you spot the Doctor Who reference?
Sherlock returned the kiss, holding John tightly, in awe of this wonderful new relationship. "How about we do some more skating together. This turning out to be one of the best days I've had."
Just then Mr. Turning entered the classroom and greeted his students, signaling class was to begin. John focused on the blackboard, but all Sherlock could focus on was John's handsome open face and golden locks he couldn't wait to run his hands through after school let out.
The two stood there for a few minutes, taking in the peaceful scene in front of them, relishing the last few moments of the afternoon before the craziness began.
Marty's mouth dropped open, and Tim Carlton, who was sitting next to him, laughed. "Little Seb's got you there Marty."
The pizza was eaten, and Sherlock and John were taking a stroll in Regent's Park, enjoying the mild winter day. The weather was supposed to be sunny and mild tomorrow, perfect for a Valentine's wedding. The two were going to take some pictures before the ceremony at the park, and the London Eye too.
(It's even more attractive and perfect when a certain gorgeous consulting detective puts his gorgeous lips on the rim of the glass and licks off some of the salt). 😍
Dread began to creep down over Wanda's body like a thick, eerie fog rolling in over the ocean. "Hal, did something happen tonight at The Big H?" She and John exchanged worried glances, and John's stomach began to tighten.
The dance was in full swing, "At the Hop" by Danny and the Juniors playing from the massive speakers. John was dancing with Harry, Molly, Greg, Janine, Mike, Mary and Little Seb. Mrs. Hudson was showing off her moves with Angelo. Some of the adults were up bopping to the music as well. Eurus and Jim were sitting alone at a table, sipping on cherry Cokes, waiting for a slow number to come on.
Tiny flurries of snowflakes were falling from the cold winter air but inside 221 B, the fireplace was warm and glowing as Sherlock and John sat cuddled up together under a blanket looking at the flames. They had just finished decorating the Christmas tree and were each enjoying a cup of hot apple cider that Mrs. Hudson had made. Rosie was sound asleep upstairs, having succumbed to slumber after helping her daddies decorate and watching the Charlie Brown Christmas special.
It was like a scene from a horror film. Carl's body had been chopped up, his legs and arms messily and roughly hacked off. They weren't precise cuts, it had been sloppy and messy. The killer had also chopped off his penis, and stuffed it in his mouth. Whoever did this was trying to make a statement.
John watched the snow come down as he stood behind the store counter, folding shirts. He had taken a sales clerk job at Hackett and London on Jermyn Street so he could have spending money for Christmas, and it gave him something to do on the weekends when he didn't have classes that didn't involve boozing it up at the pubs. Both his dad and his sister were in outpatient rehab for alcoholism and they were doing great. He wanted to set an example and not be a hypocrite by avoiding the drink. For the first time in many years, Christmas at the Watson house was going to be a good one and he was looking forward to going home.
He liked Warren. He was being open with John, trusting him, and for years John had trust issues due to his father, but he'd gradually gotten over the hurdle. Having a child did that to you.
It had been a beautiful wedding ceremony. Rosie and her new wife Lacy were visions of loveliness in their bridal attire. Lacy, an attractive brown-skinned woman with short burgundy dyed hair, bangs curled into finger waves, wore a sleeveless ivory dress with matching fringe at the bottom, paired with a pearl choker. She wore a white gardenia clipped to the side of her head. Rosie wore an ivory silk dress that went down to her ankles, with cap sleeves. Her blonde curly hair was done up in a bob, and she wore a sparkling headband that circled her forehead.
"Nope," John huffed, breathing heavily, holding his chest. "I only dislocated it. I'm a doctor, I could have broken if I wanted to. You're lucky you caught me in a good mood. Now how about you and your wanker of a friend get the hell out of here before I do even more damage."
Sherlock motioned to the small plastic cup of red liquid sitting next to a bottle of water on the nightstand. "After you take your medicine."
"Yeah, well at least getting my boring homework done means more time for play after school. And now that The Big H is opening back up, that means going back to work, which means it's better to spend my free periods doing my work and not making out with you." John crossed his arms and peered down at Sherlock intensely.
John was lying on his bed, listening to KMOF. The DJ on the air, Steve Conan, was replaying Billy Wiggins' broadcast from last night. All the radio stations surrounding Sherrinford were reporting on the brutal double murder. Clarence had called from Los Angeles to say it was also the talk of his neighborhood there, and he heard John's interview on the air.
John had received a tetanus shot as a precaution, and his injury was cleaned and bandaged. The doctor wanted him to stay overnight for observation and to give him some pain medicine.
"Thanks mate, I appreciate it. My next client isn't until two, but I'm meeting Victor for lunch and I don't want to smell like a locker room."
John broke out into a huge grin. "Warren that's great. You deserve some happiness." Secretly, he was relieved it wasn't going to be with him. John wanted to keep things professional, as Warren still wanted to see John for sessions.
John laughed and reached over to open the door for Sherlock, who grabbed his bad and hopped in the car. "Nice ride John," he said appreciatively.
The group of omegas were sitting inside the large waiting room at Scandal Sheets. They were the only customers there.  The studio had special designated days just for omega photo shoots. A special protective security system was activated so non-bonded alphas wouldn't get a whiff of their scents and try and storm the building.
"Why go after Jeff? Why kill his friends, and burn down the church and the old mansion?" Harold wanted to know.
John nodded. "Sinus infection. They sent me home," he replied weakly. "I was feeling fine this morning when I left but I started getting worse as time went on."
After their lips parted John chuckled. "It was a nice party though. I've never seen Greg and Molly so happy."
Sherlock finished his lap and climbed the ladder to get out of the pool, shaking the excess water out of his dark hair, and grabbed his towel that sat in a lounge chair. He wrapped it around his slim waist, and sat down, putting his sunglasses on his face, basking in the early afternoon sunshine like a contented cat. He wasn't that content though, he missed John.
The one of him shirtless holding the riding crop, tip perched teasingly down into the crotch of his camouflage pants, had Sherlock's cock stirring and twitching like it never had before. He needed a session with this man badly. He needed to have John tell him what a good soldier he was while smacking his round and perfect behind with a riding crop. He wasn't bragging about his arse, everyone he'd slept with had told him how amazing it was.
“Sit down, I’ll see what I have.” John opened his fridge. “I have bottled water, diet Coke, and a a few bottles of Guinness.”
"I know. I really hope they catch this monster," Hal said, shaking his head. He looked at Wanda. "Ready to go?"
"That's why we have an officer stationed outside your door. The killer is only known to you so far, and we don't want to take a chance having him try to get to you," Dave explained.
Doo-wop and rock music blared from the speakers perched at each end of the restaurant, currently it was playing “Blue Moon” by The Marcels. It was one of John’s mom’s favorites and it always brought a smile to his face. He was singing along to it while skating over to deliver an order to Bill Murray and his girlfriend Sarah Sawyer.
"Because you're gorgeous and insanely smart, and I'm just an ordinary, boring GP and nothing ever happens to me," John replied, trying to be jokey, but it came out a lot more self depreciating.
"I need to be honest with John Mummy. He has trust issues. He'll be hurt and angry that I didn't tell him about Sheridan." He looked sharply at Eurus, who for the first time in her short life, got scared. Her eyes widened.
Eurus tangles with Jim and the two Sebastians (warning for mild violence),  romance is in the air for Molly and Greg (but how long will it last)? and shirtless John washing a car is a lovely thing to see, especially for stalker Sherlock.
John decided for them both seconds later when he gently brushed his lips across Sherlock's. It was a chaste, brief kiss, but it was good enough for the both of them. Good enough for now.
The two men would soon get their answer. Officer James Sholto appeared on the scene and headed for Dave and Jody. "Sholto," Dave greeted him soberly. "I thought you were manning the station."
"Molly, why don't you want to come to my end of summer slumber party?" Janine Hawkins asked as the two girls lay on Molly's bed, reading fashion magazines.
John heard the front door slam and heard Sherlock call for him. He looked down at his stomach. "Into battle little one," he said hesitantly.
The three were now in the parking lot. Molly was waiting by Greg's car, Janine and Mike with her, and she broke out into a huge grin when she saw her boyfriend. Greg waved to her. "Okay guys, see you later. I'm heading to The Big H to grab lunch with my girl."
A minute later, he saw John descend the steps, head turning in both directions obviously looking for Sherlock. The detective's heart fluttered. John wore khaki trousers, a brown leather bomber jacket, and was carrying a brown rucksack. His dark blue eyes were covered by aviator sunglasses. He looked like a dapper pilot.
And so this anthology comes to a close, at 20 chapters - I think this a good place to end. But just in time for Christmas, I will be doing another series, Love and Snow, with different unconnected stories set during the holidays, set to begin December 1st.
"I know. I just hope Sebastian is rational enough to realize I'm not this Quinn person, and I could never be like him and purposefully hurt and maim someone."
Angelo came out and stood beside him. "What a boring night. Luckily we only have half an hour left and then I'm high-tailing it to home. I don't want to get fined for breaking curfew, or be out there late."
John panicked. He realized who he was standing next to. Jesus, it’s that Holmes kid Irene prattled on about.
He sighed and nodded. "Yes, I agree. I'm sorry, but you'll understand this has been a few difficult days for our family."
"He is a very handsome guy, and having money doesn't hurt, but I'd only consider it if he decided he no longer wanted to see me professionally. He'd also have to accept Evie. She does come first."
The two swam, played, and kissed for a while, then they got out, toweling themselves off. The sky had turned a dark gray, and thunder rumbled in the distance. They both knew Florida could bring sudden storms, so they headed indoors.
Sherlock was impeccably dressed in a black suit with a grey silk button down, his ebony curls expertly tamed thanks to a quick touchup by his personal hairdresser, William Wiggins.  Sherrinford was in a white Lacoste short-sleeved polo shirt and jeans, his red hair cut neat and short. Eurus was in a denim skirt and pale yellow blouse, matching ruffled socks, and black ballet flats. She wore her long red hair in a simple ponytail.
"I'll call the police. Better safe than sorry. If something happened to John and Wanda, I'd never forgive myself." She hurried back inside.
Sherlock decided after John came home they were done. John agreed and the two announced their retirement from crime fighting. Sherlock's late uncle Rudy had left his favorite nephew his seaside cottage to him in his will, and the two decided to live there permanently.
Billy quickly started to put things together. "So you killed Sally and Phillip because they were in love, and despite being two different races, they were allowed to be together? Did someone not allow you to be with the person you wanted? Is that it? Are you getting back at people who judged you?"
“I’m not going home with you, and I’m not getting on your motorcycle. I just wanted to tell you to stop staring at me and leave me alone. I’m not interested.”
John was relaxing under some trees in his small backyard, radio tuned to KMOF. He was in utter disbelief that Carl Powers had been murdered. And his mother didn't want to leave him alone, but she had to go work. John promised her if he did go anywhere, it would be at a place where others would be around, like Speedy's or The Big H.
Sherlock was glad that his parents were a lot more accepting, despite being annoying in other ways. Suddenly he was hungry and began eating his sandwich. It was cold, but still tasty. John couldn't help but laugh. "Were you that nervous that you couldn't eat?"
Ears could hear "I Fall to Pieces" playing from a car driving down the street. How appropriate, because it wouldn't be long before pieces would be falling---human pieces.
"But Molly, I like being a hermit---ouch! Ease up with the death grip! You sure you should be teaching biology? I think you should be the coach for the wrestling team instead!"
John mentally pictured their little toddler ordering Mycroft around and he couldn't help but grin. If anyone could rile Mycroft up, it was definitely Rosie, although his brother-in-law had a soft spot for his niece.
The waitresses' eyes widened with shock. "No way! But then again, I shouldn't be surprised. I heard from one of the paralegals that works in there that one of the firm partners apparently got involved with one of his clients and it caused a lot of grief because he's married." She bent down, a conspiratorial look on her face. "The lawyer and his alleged girlfriend suddenly got sick last week and had to go to A&E. Doctor said it was food poisoning, but the paralegal said the couple thinks they were poisoned because they got sick after drinking some wine, and they sent the bottle to get tested at a lab somewhere. And the receptionist got sick too after eating some chocolates that were delivered to the office a few days later. Her illness was blamed on a stomach virus."
"You got it." John looked down at his shoes, then back at Sherlock. "Look, I know this may be forward, but I'm off tomorrow night. I was supposed to work but BBC's doing a live remote, and I was wondering if you'd like---"
The next thing I knew Sherlock was swanning through the crowd, Belstaff flapping behind him epically, demanding to know where Ms. Divine was. Another server led him into a large room with ceiling to floor windows, and the social media darling was sitting on a a plush sectional sofa, looking at her phone, with a bored look on her face.
He heard a deep chuckle, and he almost jumped out of his skin. He snapped his eyes open, and standing next to him was what could be described as sex on two legs. The boy was much taller than John, his black hair slicked back except for one curl that rest against his forehead. Lean but muscular legs were wrapped in tight blue jeans, and he wore a black leather jacket over a very fitted black T-shirt. He gazed intensely at John, a smirk on his full pink lips which a cigarette was dangling from. But it was those eyes, catlike with swirls of blue, green, and gray…
John was shirtless, wearing nothing but a pair of camouflage shorts, socks, and combat boots. He was covered in sweat, and furiously flogging Warren's back and buttocks with a riding crop. Warren was blindfolded, his lips open, silently reacting to the painful smacks, his body twitching with pleasure, and he was rock hard.
"I'll feel like a fox in the hen house, but yeah, why not. I want to see what Irene's parents look like," John replied with a grin.
It turned out Mrs. Reichenbach was home sick with the same virus that sacked John out, so she didn't feel bad about calling out. She just hoped she wouldn't get it. Hal Auden told her it was a highly contagious strain with a tendency to reappear in some people.
"Will me caring about all of that bring those three kids back John? Or to stop Mr. Powers from his illicit trysts?" Sherlock looked at him sharply.
Sherlock glared at his siblings, who no doubt told John his first name, but the two just stood there grinning madly. But then his face softened. "I think that sounds wonderful. Why don't we talk more about it over fish chips?"
The second kiss was a bit more passionate, and soon their arms were wrapped around each other. When they came up for air, Sherlock burrowed his face in John's neck, savoring the musky scent of his cologne. "I think I'm falling in love with you," he murmured into John's skin.
“What do you mean almost as intelligent? I can’t believe anyone in this backwater beach would have our mental capacity,” Sherlock derided.
“You do realize the victims of this mad killer aren’t escorts or sex workers, but clients? I wouldn’t be a target then,” John countered.
Sherlock huffed and leaned back in his seat. "Don't mock me. I have a very serious problem. I can't get involved with John. It would be beneficial for me not to pursue a relationship with him."
Greg was silenced by Sherlock's icy glare. "Sorry," he apologized, putting his hands up. "What do you want to know?"
"I won't ever forget." Jim gave her another kiss. "I'll call you in the morning. Goodnight sweetheart."
John's friend and rugby teammate Bill Murray was the DJ. He was a broadcasting major, and had to do a hands-on project for his radio class. Sherlock at first had objected, not wanting any music ("I don't want any of the guests using our wedding as an amateur dance contest") and he was apprehensive over a college professor and class seeing his special day turned into a class project as Bill had to show and discuss his work, but John reminded him that Bill was doing the service pro bono, and he'd given his friend a very selective music list, with The Cupid Shuffle and The Electric Slide the only line dances allowed. No Wobble, no Booty Call, no Cha-Cha Slide, no Strokin'. The Chicken Dance was also forbidden.
"We've already spoken with Janine, and she was very apologetic about how you manipulated her into giving out John's personal information," Irene replied, just as even.
"She can be interested in both guys and girls Janine. Look at John." At the mention of her friend's name, she sighed and lay back on the bed.
Greg didn’t waver. “I know you will. I have to get through this dance tonight, and then I’m going to sit Irene down and have a talk with her. She’ll be hot, but she’ll get over it, and she’ll find a new guy in no time.” He held out his hand. “Thanks John. I better get going.” John grabbed it and the two exchanged a friendly shake. “Anytime bro. Good luck.”
"Yeah? Well whoever said that was an idiot. You're very lovable. Right Brett?" John peered down at the little boy.
"Dad!" Rosie exclaimed incredulously. "Stop putting yourself down. You still turn heads. Remember that thirtysomething woman with the long black hair and blue eyes at the pharmacy? She called you a silver fox."
Before John could reply, there was shouting and loud murmurs coming from the rink. He jumped up, startled. "What's going on?"
Little Seb yanked his arm free and pushed him back roughly. “I’m not a pussy. If you had seen the look on this chick’s face and heard that voice of hers, you’d be spooked too.” He narrowed his green eyes at the older boy. “And if you insult me one more time, I’ll go see Henry and tell him you tried to put the make on me. So back off.”
She'd have to tell Greg. He'd be angry, and he wouldn't like it that Mycroft intervened, but hopefully he would get over it.
The photo shoot was a lot more relaxed this time around. John was more comfortable with getting into his Captain persona, and Victor got a lot of great pictures. "You're very photogenic John," he'd praised.
Jim knelt down beside his mate and kissed the tip of his nose. “I love seeing you like this Sebby, like you don’t have a care in the world.”
"I'm sorry John." Sherlock took him in his arms and held him close. "I've been worried about you all day, I had to come and make sure you were safe."
Dave stepped forward. "That is all the information we have for you at this time. If there are any new developments, if he is captured, we will announce another press conference to update you. Again, we implore everyone to stay inside, or if you are out on the street, to get home as quickly as possible or find a safe place, lock your doors windows, and hunker down until the suspect is caught. I also want to announce that all of the area schools are closed tomorrow. That includes Culverton Smith High, Sherrinford Elementary, and Sherrinford Middle School, Doyle Prep, and Cumberbatch Academy. Again, there is no public or private school tomorrow. Parents, please keep your children indoors tomorrow, and for parents who are not able to be home tomorrow, the Sherrinford Community Center will be open, and several teachers have volunteered to provide activities for children who are not able to stay at home. The center will open at 9:00 am tomorrow. We have police coming from Gatiss to provide security, and I'd like to thank Al Rickman, the chief of the Gatiss Police Department, for coming to our aid. This concludes the press conference. Thank you."
Sebastian laughed. "I'll say."  He opened his textbook up, where a loose sheet with a detailed drawing of a typical omega's reproductive system was in the middle. He scratched his head. "I dunno, maybe I don't want to know all the parts."
Sherlock locked on him with icy hatred. “Does your wife know you seek male prostitutes on the weekends?” The man’s eyes bugged out and Sherlock smiled smugly. “If you don’t want her to find out, then leave me alone.” He slunk back to the bench, hands furiously rubbing his temple.
Molly was unfazed. Her best friend was bisexual after all. "I wouldn't be surprised. She was cheating on Greg, and it was probably with Kate."
"Well love, if they are, just don't blink." Then John roared with laughter. Sherlock joined him, and they left the roof, ready for whatever invasion would come their way this Christmas.
Wanda wasn’t stupid to know smaller towns had their own problems, but in less than a year John had been attacked by two different boys and while Sebastian was no longer a threat, she wasn’t sure about Sherlock Holmes. After John revealed that he and his siblings had made others in town uncomfortable, her first instinct was to send John to Los Angeles to stay with Harry and Clarence. John of course refused, his home was here, his friends were here, and as he said “I’m not going to give Sherlock Holmes the satisfaction that he scared me off.”
"You're amazing." Sherlock softly kissed John's forehead, which illicited a sweet giggle from the shorter man.
The phone rang. "I'll get that," John said. He picked it up from the wall. "Hello, Watson residence. Oh hi Mike. Yeah I work today at noon..." He realized he told Sherlock last night he could go to the beach with him. He forgot he had to work! Now he'd have to call him and tell him their day together was off. Well, there was tomorrow.
John maneuvered onto his back and continued reading, only a few moments later to hear a deep baritone calling to him.  "Interesting choice of reading material."
Sherlock lay his book and phone aside and fully embraced his love. "It's going to be paradise John. Today we'll just stay here and order takeaway and relax. Tomorrow is going to be a warm and sunny day, perfect for taking in the new beekeeping exhibit at the Museum of London."
Sherlock blushed slightly at having been caught. "Actually I find the concept of the Weeping Angels very intriguing. I love that they're a science based villain and not the normal "let me take over the world because I want to" monster the show usually throws at us."
Sherlock was unmoved by John's outburst. "Because you've been so exhausted lately. I felt guilty for keeping you up with this case, and I felt bad that you couldn't leave your job for good until your replacement came. I just wanted you to have a day to get out early and get the sleep you so desperately needed. I'm sorry if I scared you, but I was only thinking of you." He gazed down at John, face so full of love, that John could no longer be angry.
"She really looks like her mom. Mary would be proud and happy to see her thriving like this." John looked down into his wine glass and drew out a shaky breath. "Some days, it's hard, you know? I've gotten better at not constantly mourning her, but sometimes I look at Evie, and I start remembering the good times the three of us had."
John eventually learned to live with his new status, coming to enjoy being so rare and special. And unlike most weres, whose fur was either black, gray, or brown, his was pure white when he changed. But being a gamma did come with one minor downside---almost all alpha weres wanted a typical omega were for their mate. John, as a gamma, was more feisty and independent and therefore more resistant to alpha pheromones. And although John was in no hurry to bond with any old alpha were that came along, he was rather lonely and wondered if there was someone out there would who want him.
Brett tugged on Sherlock again. When he didn't get a response, he did the only thing that would get his father's attention when he was lost in what he called his "mind palace."
John stood in the center of his bedroom, doing air guitar while “Walk, Don’t Run” by The Ventures spun on his record player. Greg was on the floor laughing while their other friend, Victor Trevor, the Hounds quarterback, sat on his bed grinning. “Go John go!” Greg cheered.
Sherlock didn't reply, but his upturned mouth spoke for him. He was happy John thought of him, and that he thought of Brett, who would absolutely love to go.
"You have to get off drugs Sherlock. It's not healthy. Being an addict can ruin a lot of lives, I should know."
John made his way to Rosie's nursery. Rosie was standing in her crib and upon seeing her daddy she raised her arms. "Up! Up!" she demanded.
John couldn't help but smile. It hadn't been the first time an alpha thought he was another alpha, as his scent was not as potent as typical omegas.
Bryan took another sip of beer before continuing. “His boyfriend scares me though. Seb introduced him to us at one of the meetings. He has these dark, intense eyes, and this high sing-song voice...like something out of one of those horror movies. Seb looks at him like he’s the whole world, and I gotta give him credit---anyone else wouldn’t have stayed with Seb, be there for his breakdowns, take care of him...but behind those eyes, there’s rage too.”
There was some laughter, and Principal Saxon chuckled. "Thank you. Now I'm going to turn things over to Mrs. Stubbs."
Mycroft ran down the steps and moved to the side of the house, concealing himself next to a tall green bush, but still able to see the comings and goings. He saw a tiny, brown-haired girl who looked to be fifteen or sixteen with yellow pigtails that matched the short-sleeved yellow blouse she wore. She had plaid knee-length shorts on and yellow Mary-Janes. She had a big smile on her face, which quickly disappeared. She turned her head in both directions and Mycroft knew that she was looking for her ride which hadn’t showed up yet.
Tim's face dropped. Then he narrowed his eyes and looked straight at Barbara and Linda. "You have anything in blue? I've been told that's my best color."
The rain had stopped, but thunder and lightning still furiously tore through the heavens, promising more wet weather to come. Sherlock was sound asleep on the couch, wrapped up in John's blanket. The blond's scent on the soft material, combined with nature's stormy sounds, lulled him into a comfortable slumber. Wanda and John were sleeping peacefully in their beds. A few minutes later, the fire siren blared off in the distance, but it didn't wake them up.
John laughed. "Of course you did, you're a genius. Chemistry comes easy to you. It wasn't my best subject but at least I passed, thanks to your help."
John followed Sherlock and they strolled lazily, Sherlock pointing out certain places he liked to shop at and those he avoided. He showed him some churches (with John taking pictures to send to Rosie). John even got Sherlock to pose for a selfie that he would also send to Rosie.
John nodded. "I'm cheap and didn't want to pay for a taxi. That's Sherlock's beat. But it was a nice walk. I actually enjoyed seeing and feeling the snow.
"You're going to do it again aren't you? You're going to find Quinn. But he's dead," Sebastian whispered.
Seconds later, a woman with a blonde bob in a tight-fitting plum dress and red heels was outside, a shotgun trained on the group. “Just what the hell is going on out here!” she hollered.
"Don't you think you're too young to want to be in a committed relationship? I don't want to be tied down," John calmly countered.
Molly chuckled bitterly. "No I'm not. I took on Carl's dad when he backed me into an alley. I'll do the same with you goons. Now leave me alone. Some of us are here to actually get an education."
John's face turned a light shade of pink and he looked down at the floor. "Uh, I might have mentioned to her that we call each other otter and hedgehog."
Moments later a very attractive, well-built man with light brown hair, blue eyes, and stubble sauntered over and slid an arm around Bill. "Hey gorgeous. I'll buy your next pint."
Clothing leads to an A&E visit. Alternate first meeting story inspired by "A Rash Decision" by Pat Precieux.
“Ah, the kinky habits of the idle rich,” Irene said silkily. “So, are you going to be the one going out?”
"You call this living?" Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. "A dingy club full of drunks, adulterers and creeps?"
With Sherlock's parents' support, John had booked Room 99 at Islingtown Town Hall for their wedding ceremony and the reception would be at the Assembly Hall right next door. John had gone to Angelo and asked if he would cater the reception. Not only did Angelo agree, the meal would be free of charge. He was thrilled over Sherlock and John's relationship.
Sebastian Wilkes stomped through his living room, furious. He'd just heard from Tim Carlton about Marty, Freeman, Art Doyle, and Jeff Hope's "discussion" with Molly, Mycroft, and his boyfriend Henry earlier today at school. He wanted to ring the three boys' necks. He'd warned them to leave Henry alone. Now they were going to face his wrath.
With a wide smile, she turned around and sauntered away, hips swaying like a palm tree caught in a slow summer breeze. Janine chuckled again and shook her head, then went back inside to continue preparing for the party.
Sherlock blushed again, trying hard not to swoon over John's delectable scent of tea and aftershave. "Yes, that was me. I'm a consulting detective, the only one in the world. When the police are out of their depth, which is all the time, they ask me for assistance."
Officer Morstan approached him. “John, are you okay? Mary told me what happened tonight, and she asked me to check in you in the morning. But then we got a call from an anonymous tipster pleading with us to come here because they were afraid you’d be attacked.”
"Still a little nauseous, but getting better. I think I'm going to try to eat something. Do we have any crackers?"
"Oh, it was a solid nine. It was December 2009, and Lestrade had called me to a crime scene in a very posh home on Harley Street. Four bodies were in the living room, two men and two women.  It was obvious a Christmas party had taken place, the men were in tuxedos and the women in formal dresses. Four empty wine glasses and an empty wine bottle were sitting on top of the coffee table. The two women were lying on the couch on opposite ends, one man was under the Christmas tree, the other slumped in an armchair. There were no obvious signs of trauma, so I immediately suspected poison."
It's the day after the brutal murders of Sally Donovan and Phillip Anderson, and the town is in a panic. Sherlock visits John, who doesn't believe the murders were racially motivated. His theory is proven right when the maniac calls into Billy Wiggins' radio show, threatening more mayhem.
Sherlock's eyes widened. "You have? Oh God, me too. I never should have turned you down that night at Angelo's. Then there wouldn't have been all those other women, no marriage to Mary. So many years of angst and wasted opportunities, because I was afraid to express my feelings. I didn't want you to leave."
John entered the room wearing nothing but his camouflage pants, boots, and dog tags. He held the riding crop tightly in his right hand. He saw Warren already ready on top of his bed. He was naked and face down on the comforter, his trim body perfectly still.
"Oh come off it. You can't fool me with your indifferent attitude. You're pleased as punch and you know it," Greg gently chided.
Suddenly the front door opened, startling the two boys. Wanda Watson stood in the doorway wearing a mint green robe, a smirk on her face. "Hello Sherlock."
Bryan nodded. “Oh yeah. He started rubbing my back, telling me what a gorgeous thing I was, how much he liked fit soldiers. When I pushed him away and told him I was straight and didn’t swing that way, he got angry. He was offended I turned him down, told me he’d be better than any woman. He was really in my face. And even though I’m a soldier and consider myself tough, he really intimidated me. Luckily the bartender, who used to bounce in a club, intervened and kicked him out. Hours later, I was leaving and he was right there on me, blaming me for being kicked out, and he threatened physical harm.”
Richard smiled back. "Okay buddy. Gloria and Sebastian should be back in a couple of hours, they're bringing back dinner."
The bar was a long L-shaped table with a shiny black marble top. Shelves of liquors, both high-top and lesser brands, were displayed invitingly behind the bar. Two fridges on either side housed bottles of beer and other alcoholic drinks.
"Me too. I can't see being with anyone else. We're complete opposites, but I feel a connection with him I haven't felt with any other omega."
Greg snorted. “I’m not that much of an idiot as you think. Anyway, what I was about to tell you was Moriarty made a complaint against Zach Quinn’s parents and brother a few months after Quinn committed suicide. Moriarty claimed they were harassing him and his boyfriend, blaming them for Quinn’s death, sending threatening letters and phone calls. We sent officers out to the homes of the parents and the sibling. They denied it at first, but after they were shown the letters Moriarty gave us for evidence, all three confessed. They were charged with harassment and paid a fine. A few weeks later, all three moved out of London to parts unknown. We closed the case. Moriarty never contacted us again. But Sherlock, we can’t search his residence without a warrant. I don’t even know if a judge will grant me one. The Moriarty’s are a prominent family. And I know James and his family will be at Violet’s Saturday for the charity ball. We’ve got to be really careful about this.”
"I honestly don't know, but I hope so. He told Sherlock many times he wasn't interested, but it only makes it worse. Clearly this is a boy that hasn't been told no often enough."
Sherlock saw the bowl of corn flakes topped with strawberries. He could definitely have several bites of that, he thought to himself. "Looks good, thank you John."
"He pulled me into this alley, held me captive, and placed a hand over my mouth. He blamed me for his son's murder. He tried to hit me, but I fought back. He's drunk Mr. Morstan."
Sherlock was busily setting the table. Red tablecloth, check. Crystal globe with lit candle, check. The expensive bottle of Opus One French red wine Mycroft gifted them for their bonding anniversary, breathing and ready to be poured, check. A bottle of non-alcoholic red Eisberg wine for John, ready to be poured, check. Now all he needed was the delivery of Angelo's amazing spaghetti with clams and garlic, breadsticks, and tiramisu.
"I know you're attracted to me John." Sherlock was standing over him now, peering down at that beautiful tanned face. "Don't deny it." He knelt in front of him, taking calloused small hands in his larger pale ones.
Sherlock was flabbergasted. That was an actual, credible, intelligent argument. Sherlock hardly heard a response like that. Typically it was just insults like, cock, prick, fag, or threats by parents to have him ousted from the school. Hardly anybody, apart from his brother or Jim or Molly, tried to engage him so coherently. And he wanted more of it.
John's phone is on the nightstand and Christmas carols are quietly playing from the small speaker on the bottom. Right now it's Silent Night, a bit appropriate.
Sherlock still couldn't believe he was a father. He always told himself he'd never lower himself to have a relationship. He didn't do them. He wasn't good at them.
Sherlock pressed a kiss to John's hair and sighed happily. He felt so peaceful, as if tons of weight had been lifted from his shoulders. He and John definitely needed to do short getaways more frequently.
Her brother Jeremy entered the room, holding two cups in each hand. "The cafeteria is closed, they're getting ready for lunch, but they had free tea and coffee set out." He handed a cup to Lucy. "I got you tea, with honey and two sugars."
"And people call me queer," Big Seb shot back. "Your little plot to spy on some skin is lame city. What if you get caught?"
John smiled sheepishly and rubbed the back of his neck. "What can I say, I didn't know I had it in me."
He was still shocked from it all. Everyone was having a good time dancing, or chatting with friends. By the time nine-thirty rolled around, many people had already left, most of them adults. He had announced the dance contest winners ----Martha Hudson and Angelo Capaldi--and the two donated the prize money to the community center for next year's sock hop. He was standing at his booth, watching people dance---and then everything went to hell.
"You have a point Irene," Mycroft remarked. "We need a dancer who is not only talented in movement, but keeping my baby brother mollified so he will do his best."
It was a mild night with a gentle breeze and the air felt good to John. He could make out both scents of alphas and omegas from afar. None of the alpha scents called to him. He figured if a scent did spark his interest it would have to be very unique.
New Year's Day, the boys woke up to snow flurries. They paid it no mind and prepared to pack up and head back to London. As much as they loved their Sussex holiday, they were ready to head back to London. They were about two hours away from the city when the snow started to pick up in intensity. John, who was in the passenger seat, looked at his new husband. "Do you think we should try and find a hotel and stay the night until this passes?"
Raquel was also dressed casually in a black moto jacket, white blouse, and blue jeans. Her long hair fell loose past her shoulders. She gave her husband's hand a squeeze. "It's a gorgeous day out there isn't it?"
With tropical storm Isaisis expected to come through my area tomorrow, I thought it would be fitting to have the boys experience one too. In the UK, Francis is the name of the next storm that forms there.
"Sherlock doesn't mind you being here?" Greg asked with a wink. John laughed. "Not at all. He and Rosie were making homemade bath paint when I left. Those two will have a good time, and then Sherlock will test the paint when it's time for her bath."
He shouldn't be feeling this way. After the disaster with Janine, he vowed no more relationships, no more sentiment. His brother kept scornfully repeating about sentiment and love being worthless, a chemical defect on the losing side. And Brett was his first priority.
And their marriage was definitely not an exchange of property, but an exchange of true love and friendship.
Fire chief Jody Whittaker was still on the scene of the burned out church on Hiddleston Street, combing through the ruins in the rain, which had now weakened to a light drizzle. Despite the Sherrinford Slayer's claims of setting the fire, there still needed to be an investigation. For all he knew, the psychopath could be lying as a distraction.
John slightly paled. Only he and Greg knew Victor wasn't into dolls, and had a steady boyfriend. But his friend didn't miss a beat. "Nina Garrideb already asked me, and I said yes."
"True, but I don't think anyone who's in their twenties and thirties would make a fake profile here," Rosie gently countered.
Sherlock chuckled and pulled his dressing gown tighter around him as he watched the two people he loved most in this world leave for their snowy adventure.
After the malicious mock-up mystic was taken into custody, Sherlock declared the case a solid eight, and that it was sufficient enough to be our very last one before settling into retirement in Sussex. As soon as we were off the Beckwith property, I'd planted a kiss on him, telling him it wasn't a kiss of death, but a kiss of life ---for our new life as a retired genius detective and retired genius Army doctor. Sherlock had laughed at that (his laugh is so deep and melodic, it's a thing of beauty), and we soon were on our way back to Baker Street.
Sherlock and John said goodbye to their friends and wished a happy honeymoon for the newlyweds, who were traveling to Tuscany, Italy. The detective and the blogger dodged the raindrops as they headed for their car. Little Rosie was asleep in John's arms, not bothered by the falling water.
“Jesus, I had no idea she knew what that was. I’ll have to start buying less of it,” John replied, shaking his head.
Sherlock watched amused as John got the garment and held it out in front of him. "What do you think?"
“I’ll get the manager,” Victor offered. He stood up, but John reached out and grabbed his hand. “Don’t. I’ll take care of it. I’ll tell him to leave me alone.”
Wanda's eyes widened and her mouth dropped in surprise. "Oh Harry, that is terrific! My first grandchild!"
Knowing she'd been caught, she confessed to the murder. It turned out that she and Ms. Beckwith were having an illicit affair, having met at a convention last year. She had fallen hard for the beautiful redhead, and Ms. Beckwith promised she'd leave her husband and join her on a spiritual retreat to Bali this summer. But then Carter had fallen ill, and was diagnosed with lupus. Ms. Beckwith had ended the affair due to guilt and that she really did love her husband. Ms. Divine was furious, but maintained her composure. Then when Carter contacted her agent, inquiring if she'd like to perform at his wife's birthday party because she was a huge fan, the social media mystic knew it was the perfect way to plan her murderous revenge.
Mycroft and Eurus were in school though, eating their meals at separate tables. Eurus was with her boyfriend Jim Moriarty and some of his friends, and Mycroft was sitting with Henry Knight and a few boys outed as "squares," which John could care less about. He was not into cliques. If he liked someone, he did and that was that.
"I think he was trying to impress you. Sherlock has a thing for blonds and soldiers, especially blond soldiers," Molly said with a coy smile. She turned to Irene. "Do you remember the time you and I went to his flat to pay him for his consulting work and that guy rushed out of the door in nothing but his boxer briefs and dog tags?"
"Doesn't take much for him to get it up," Sally cracked. "But these will definitely help." In her photos, she wore red velvet booty shorts with a matching bra, and a Santa hat. She was posed underneath a Christmas tree, winking at the camera, and one in pose, licking a candy cane.
"I'm sorry, it's all blank. Maybe it will come out in time." Then Harold widened his eyes. "What if the killer comes after me?"
“Wow, you must have really made an impression on him. He’s hardly ever silent unless he’s in one of his epic strops,” Molly said. “So, when do you see him?”
The officer looked down at the man writhing on the ground. "Oh yes. Carl Powers. A thug and a brute. Likes to show off his muscle. He's spent many a time in a cell." He looked back at John. "So, was it like the lady said?"
Jim grinned deviously. "Sebby will be so flabbergasted. He keeps telling me I'm the best present he could ever get, so why not get him the gift that keeps on giving?"
Sherlock lay on his bed, staring up at the ceiling but the only thing he could see was John's sweet face, his dark blue eyes that occasionally show a trace of chocolate brown in them, and that shiny hair that glistened like gold in the sunlight. He was dangerously and desperately in love with John Watson, and just wanted to take him away and keep him.
Sherlock worms his way onto a crime scene at a posh hotel. Of course John is working at the same hotel! And sweet, handsome Victor asks John out (because Sherlock is still too much of a hot mess at this point).
"I'm going to rub some ointment on your bum. Then we'll start back up again. I'll be tying you up if you like."
Kitty Reilly sat at her desk inside the newspaper office, reading her story. The attractive redhead never thought she would be reporting on brutal murders like this. She had moved to Sherrinford at age twenty-six, leaving San Francisco behind after a painful divorce from a cheating husband. She was a reporter for the city paper in her old hometown, covering the society pages. She wanted to be on the crime beat, but her boss at the time said that was no place for a woman. So she was stuck writing about boring and pretentious charity balls, weddings of prominent couples, and various parties and gatherings of the San Fran elite.
And don't worry - John assembled all these gifts using gloves and did a good handwashing when he was done!
John didn't say out loud that probably the entire family could have benefited from some type of therapy, but that wasn't his place to say it. Instead, he patted her shoulder and said,
John went to the other side of the cab and got in next to Sherlock. "Hi love. How did you know I was here?"
"Great, let me shower, get this face paint off, and change back into normal clothes." John smiled at Irene, Greg, and Mycroft. "Thank you so much for this opportunity. I won't let you down."
“I apologize. I didn’t mean to frighten you. I was taking a walk through the neighborhood and I heard you play the piano. You’re quite decent, but there is a lot of room for improvement.”
"I'm so happy John. We found adopters for all the kittens and their mom. This little family has been so popular online and captured a lot of hearts. And just in time, because Monday we're getting a new momcat, vet says she's carrying four to five kittens, so we've got extra time to care for her," Chris said.
There was a funeral, a reception with friends and family expressing sympathy, and John was left alone to pick up the pieces.
"Sherlock, this is crazy! You've got to go back to Sherrinford! If my mom wakes up and finds you, your ass is going to get thrown back in jail!"
Before John could speak, the other officer bolted from his position, sprinting towards the side of the small house. John and Dave looked up to see the cop dive to the ground. They heard shouts and a gruff “Don’t resist young man!”
Doctor Watson raised his eyebrow and gave me a side eye. "Sherlock consults for us on difficult cases. We were trailing a cat burglar when he decided to chase him solo. He tackled him, the two went down and Sherlock hurt his ankle. The perp decided to whack him in the chest with a pipe that was conveniently lying on the ground."
Sherlock bundled him inside, wrapping his arms around the shorter man, pressing a kiss to his forehead. "You do that. And I'll get you some water and cold medicine. Rosie's asleep so you don't have to worry about her and if she wakes I'll attend to her. "I'll go out tomorrow and do the shopping."
Victor didn't recognize Sherlock in his Fifth Estate outfit a few chapters back, but recognized Sherlock here because of the heels, and Sherlock was right in front of the restaurant this time as opposed to across the street last time.
John is slightly injured after a robbery attempt just before Christmas. Sherlock is concerned, but everything is okay.
It wouldn't be long now, just ten more blocks and Sherlock would finally have his Army captain all to himself, fulfilling every fantasy they shared in letters, emails, and Skype calls during John's deployment.
To appease Sherlock even more, John had let him choose the song for their first dance. It was the song they danced to the morning after they bonded, "Unforgettable" by Nat King Cole. John was going through some CD's his mom gave to him, one of them a collection of the crooner's greatest hits. He'd put it on after breakfast and it was the first song that played. Sherlock had waltzed him around their flat and the two had collapsed on the floor in a fit of giggles and kisses by the time the song ended. Otherwise, John would have picked some silly and insipid pop song (Sherlock's words) and their first dance was going to be to something "classy" and "timeless." To make it even more special, the song would be played by Mycroft and Lady Smallwood, with Mycroft on violin and Lady Smallwood on piano.
Sebastian nodded eagerly. "Yeah. I have to get a good grade in this class, I just have to. I love playing football, but I love Jimmy even more. And he's so smart John."
Sherlock's house had a short foyer and the walls on either side displayed a painted mural of bees, honeycombs, and purple flowers. John eyed the artwork appreciatively. He was pants at painting, although he wasn't too bad at pencil sketching.
The two men stepped onto the dance floor. The song playing was the same one heard in John's flat this morning. As Sherlock wrapped his long and lean arms around John, he listened to the song's chorus. He didn't think he was going to be bad at love after meeting this special and beautiful man.
Before he turned out the light, John fired off a quick text to Victor, hoping he had a good night and he was looking forward to dinner tomorrow. Victor texted back within minutes, saying he did, and he was also looking forward to tomorrow. And with that, another successful weekday for John had come to a close.
Sherlock had just a hint of a smile on his lips, which were full and lovely. He wore a dark purple shirt with the sleeves rolled up. John was captivated by his toned arms and his long, creamy neck dotted with freckles. Not to mention, the shirt was a little tight so the buttons were straining. John imagined them popping open one by one.
John still couldn't believe what happened. One minute he was slow dancing with Melody Williams and the next minute Phillip Anderson came crashing through the doors, all covered in blood and sputtering out a frightening story of a masked psycho dressed all in black who sliced him and his girlfriend Sally Donovan up. Then he died.
"Well Daddy, love makes some blind, even if they're geniuses," Sophie replied, bending down to kiss her father on the cheek. "Luckily you caught on to him before he bled us dry,"
Mike skated over to John and Victor. " Those two clowns appeared and began to harass Molly, getting on her case for their suspension from school. Molly told them to get lost, and when they wouldn't let up, Greg hit both of them in the face. Janine went to get Gary."
John leaned in and softly kissed Sherlock on the lips, then pecked Rosie on the cheek. "Me three. I love you Sherlock."
If he did agree to work for Irene and Molly, he could use his former military experience as part of his job. Instead of leather, he could wear his old Army uniform and dog tags. He knew there was a whole subculture of those that had military kinks and got off on people in uniform. He could use it to his advantage, and bypass the whole black leather and studs getup. He wasn't too fond of the look, and he'd come off as a poor man's Rob Halford from Judas Priest.
The motorcycle sounded a little closer now. John ignored it and continued to read his comics, singing along to the music on the radio. He was so engrossed that he didn't hear the sound of someone approaching him from behind. He did however, feel a hand oh so tenderly run through his hair. John snapped his head up and around to see Sherlock standing there, looking down at him, joy and longing on his handsome face.
Bill locked the door and the two men were on their way to the club. It was about a ten minute walk and as they got closer they saw a small crowd of men congregating in front of the building. The club was housed in a former Waitrose. A blue neon sign that said Total Eclipse hung right in the middle of where the Waitrose sign used to be. The building was painted black and the windows had been blacked out too.
Tim stooped down to help him, and he got hit again with the water. He fell right on top of the other boy. "Dammit, get off me!" Marty yelled.
John beamed as Sherlock excitedly toured the camper. It had a sitting area with a flat screen TV, a cooktop area, with a tea kettle, fridge, freezer, large bedroom and a toilet and shower. Impressed, he turned to his husband and said, "I think I was wrong about camping."
"I don't think Sheeran or Styles will be reprimanded, but there will definitely be some training. I mean, our police department is small and not used to dealing with crimes of this nature. I feel awful for John and his family," Dave replied.
"I know it's a bit cutesy for you love, but it's just for a few hours, and it is Valentine's Day. We'll let the gals take home those balloons, but we keep the banner," John replied.
"It's not every day your fiance's parents treat you to a meal at Alain Ducasse. I wanted to make a good impression," John explained.
Meanwhile at the Holmes mansion, Veronica and Sidney were in a panic over Sherlock. They hadn't called the police, they were afraid they wouldn't help them after what happened with John. They pleaded with Mycroft, believing he knew something, but their oldest son was in a mood and wouldn't leave his room.
"At least give him one date. If it ends up being a disaster, cut your losses and move on. I don't think it's going to be a disaster," Molly added.
It was at this particular party that Ms. Divine apparently got in contact with one of these deities, Asmodeus, who told the guests something terrible would happen at the party and for everyone to be on guard. About an hour later, the lights went out for five minutes, and when the lights came back on, Morgan Beckwith was found dead on the floor of her bedroom.
"I'll come to the meeting since I don't play sports. I stick to safer, nerdier activities, like Yearbook and Future Doctors of America," Mike jovially responded. He looked pointedly at John. "Speaking of Future Doctors, you promised you'd join this year."
He carried a small CD player and set it down on the edge of the pond. Sherlock, who was already out on the ice, looked at his boyfriend in amusement.
Sherlock stopped playing and turned to look at his daughter, who was snuggled under her bee blanket, eyes closed. He smiled and put his violin away, then sat in his chair, reaching for a book he started reading last night, a non-fiction detailed account about H.H. Holmes, deemed America's first serial killer. John had bought it for him, wondering if Sherlock was related (turns out he wasn't). Sherlock had heard of him, but didn't know the full extent of his crimes, and he was fascinated with learning exactly what he'd done.
He sighed and sat back, the sound of the rain and the windshield wipers making for a relaxing combination of noise. Just then, John's phone pinged. He took it out of his pocket and saw it was a text from Sherlock. He smiled and opened it. It was a selfie of him and Rosie. The little girl was in the tub, streaks of purple and blue paint all over her face. She was grinning from ear to ear, and Sherlock was sitting next to her on the floor, a goofy grin on his face.
John was looking at Sherlock, blue eyes glittering like sapphires under the city lights and it took Sherlock's breath away.
Harold took the diversion as a means to escape, making a hasty beeline for the front door, grabbing a letter opener which sat on his desk as a weapon of defense. He turned around, back against the door, and saw the killer running towards him, knife raised. If Harold wasn't so scared, he would have laughed at the sight of the flour-covered figure in the Halloween mask.
He decided to go to the ballroom and play the piano since the weather was too dreary for a dip in the pool. Striking those ivory and ebony keys always soothed his mind and his mood.
"What other reason would he have to leave the house like that in bad weather? He was probably trying to get to our neighbor's for help, and the car didn't see him in the road because it was raining so hard." She went pale again, and her stomach lurched heavily. "Oh God, what if he saw the killer? What if the killer goes to the hospital to finish what he started because Harold can identify him---"
The parking lot had two new cars. John recognized Jim Moriarty’s 1958 blue and white Pontiac Bonneville, but the other one was something he’d never seen before. It was a very sophisticated dark green number that looked super expensive. Mary and Molly met John, also intrigued with the car.
Before we get back into the story I'd thought it would be fun to post the dresses some of the girls wore, plus a bonus teen Sherlock.
John returned to work after spending a wonderful Christmas with his parents and sister. Harry had brought her new girlfriend Clara to meet the family. John really liked her. She was a quiet brunette with a good sense of humor. His mom had asked him if he'd found someone special yet and John said no, he was concentrating on school and work and one day he'd find somebody. Instantly he thought of the handsome curly-haired customer but just as quickly shed the image out of his mind. He had a boyfriend, and John's attempt at friendliness had backfired.
John shook his head. "Not right now." He held out his hand to his husband, and Sherlock's eyes widened. "John, are you sure you want to have sex now, right after---"
John put his phone in his pocket, grabbed his wallet and keys, and was soon outside to wait for his friend and client.
The two had gone into town and gotten some supplies, some non-perishable food, and water in case there would be a power outage. Mycroft had a generator but they weren't taking any chances. Satisfied they had everything they needed to ride out the storm, the husbands relaxed and were snuggled up together in their spacious bedroom. Sherlock was watching a beekeeping documentary on his laptop and John was watching an episode of Doctor Who on his phone. Crackling logs were in the fireplace, creating a warm and cozy atmosphere. Outside, it had started to rain and the wind was blowing gently.
His parents were horrified when they got the visit from Officer Morstan about Sherlock being in jail and the events that led to his arrest. They knew nothing of John Watson. They really knew nothing of their childrens’ comings and goings since moving to Sherrinford. The policeman calmly but gruffly warned them that perhaps they should start paying attention. He didn’t know that their lack of parenting was part of what drove them to California in the first place. So they decided to let Sherlock stay in jail, promising to collect him in the morning.
John relaxed on his comfy lounge chair, sighing happily at the ocean breeze and watching the thick gray clouds roll in. The moments before a storm were always some of his favorites. When he and Harry were kids, they'd sit in their backyard during summers watching thunderstorms approach, running back into the house just before the rain poured down. Their mom wasn't a fan of their stormwatches as she didn't want them to be close to the window in case of lightning, but their dad had no problem with it and sometimes he would be outside with them.
John just laughed as he ran to catch up with his taller love, having thoroughly enjoyed this wet, but happy Halloween night.
"He's in Los Angeles visiting his sister and brother-in-law. He said he wanted to do it before school started." Janine didn't tell Irene the real reason he was there. If she found out John was being harassed by Sherlock Holmes, she would make sure the whole town knew, even though most already did. Irene was a huge gossip. She also knew Irene held a weird fascination with Sherlock, even though he'd never show any sexual interest in her.
"You suspect that man in the yellow sweater at the bar of being Discopath, and you're right. He's been on my radar for the last ten minutes." He held out his hand. "Sherlock Holmes."
"Hello Warren this is John. You're requesting a ninety-minute session, and you're available anytime this week after four-thirty? Let me check my calendar and see if I have any time...oh yes, I have this Thursday at five. You would be my last client of the evening. Is there anything special you'd like? A bullhorn? That won't be a problem. I'll see you then. Good afternoon Warren, I'm looking forward to our time together."
The knife had been cleaned, sharpened and put away, but it wouldn't be long before it was used again. The killer reveled in hearing the phone call played on the air at KMOF. Now everyone knew this wasn't going to be a one-time fluke, and blood would spill.
"Sherlock can be so unpredictable, yet predictable at the same time. That's one of the things I love about him."
"We'll be in school together the following week. We might even have some classes together. It's not like you won't be able to talk to me."
John got up to put on another record. Greg stood up and stretched. “I hate to go, but I need to get back home and start making myself look even more handsome than I am for this bash.” Victor rolled his eyes and John groaned. “You’re way too humble Greg," he retorted, dripping with sarcasm.
John immediately turned to see the face that came with that sexy, smooth baritone and he nearly fell out of his seat. The man was gorgeous, wearing a bespoke black suit that hugged his lean frame perfectly, and a dark purple shirt, two buttons undone, that showed off a pale long neck. Dark, sleek curls framed a face home to the most unique eyes John had seen, model worthy cheekbones, and full pink lips.
"Very good soldier. Keep still and quiet until you're ready to come, and you let me know," John ordered.
“Eurus Holmes, and the pleasure’s mine, although my older brother will have even more pleasure seeing you. He’s in the car next to me.” Her smile broadened even wider, and John’s face turned as white as a ghost as she said her name.
"He took a leave of absence. Personal problems. To be honest, I'm glad he isn't here. You're not the only one he antagonizes."
A few minutes later, Doctor Wakefield stepped into the room. Everyone turned their heads towards the man. Wanda jumped up from her seat, with Hal behind her, gently massaging her shoulders. "Doctor? Is my boy okay?" she asked anxiously.
It was nine-thirty, thirty minutes before the sock hop was over. Some had already left for home. John was slow dancing with Melody Williams.
They'd had a wonderful dinner and Sherlock regaled John with stories of his childhood, his antics at Oxford, and how he proved Angelo did not commit murder, because the chef was robbing a house far away from London. John had laughed until he cried, and at the same time, was amazed by this beautiful, brilliant man.
He reached for his towel and dried himself off, then applied his suntan lotion to his chest, arms, and face. He put his shirt and sunglasses back on,  slipped on his flip-flops, and stuck his wallet in his shorts pocket.
He turned to Mycroft. "You take Molly to the nurse, and I'll see Principal Saxon. I'll catch you at lunch."
Mycroft swiftly moved next to Molly and gently grabbed her arm. She gasped. Mary and John were right there, but Molly waved them off. “I’m okay. What do you want Mycroft? Can you please just leave before things get even worse? I’m asking you nicely.”
Sherlock sat on the floor of the cold jail cell, revisiting everything that happened over the previous 24 hours in his mind. After John punched him at The Big H and Mrs. Hudson warned him away with her shotgun, he and Mycroft returned home. Eurus had gone off with Jim Moriarty to god knows where.
Wanda Watson stood in front of the double doors to the Holmes mansion, her stomach full of knots, waiting for someone to open the door. A minute later, a slender light-brown haired woman wearing a traditional maid's uniform was there to greet her. "May I help you?" she asked in a courteous British accent.
John stopped dead in his tracks which caused Molly to ease her hold on John's arm. "Wait a minute, he knows who I am?"
"Thanks again Mike. I'll be doing nothing but resting at home and Sherlock will take good care of me," John said, smiling at his husband.
John unfortunately, had come down with a terrible cold thanks to a Sunday rugby practice in chilly, raw rain the coach refused to cancel. He started showing symptoms Tuesday morning but felt well enough to go to his classes. By Tuesday afternoon, he was in bed with body aches, a sore throat, and extreme fatigue. Sherlock had called John's professors to let them know he would not be in class today or the next. Sherlock also canceled his classes. St. Bart's allowed bonded mates to take sick time if the other was too to attend classes so they could care for them.
John chuckled. "Deduced that did you? Yes, her partner Saoirse is a successful cardiologist with her own practice. I introduced them several years ago right after Mary and I got married. Saoirse used to be friends with Mary but she and I clicked because we had more in common."
Molly and Greg stopped in front of a red minivan, it's rear doors opened to reveal a scene right of Pirates of the Caribbean. Both doors were decorated to look like the ocean, with a cutout of a sun and palm tree attached to the of one door. The other had a cutout of a pirate's chest with the words "Halloween Booty Here." There was even a wooden plank protruding from the back seat.
Reaching into a drawer, he found a white T-shirt and slipped it on. There was a knock at his door. “Johnny honey, can I come in?” his mom called.
"He was a good-looking fellow, in his mid-forties I'd say. Short brown hair and light blue eyes, baby blue is how the ladies would describe it. He was average height, not fat, well-built, but not very muscular like you," Gordie answered.
Sherlock's son Theo looked at his twin sister Sophie and shook his head. "Dad, stop being cynical for a change and give it a chance. If anyone needs a boyfriend, it's you. You've been miserable for over a year and Sophie and I hate that you're so unhappy."
Mike's words brought John back into the conversation. "Switch with you for tomorrow? Yeah I can do that, I can work from three to seven. That actually works out, because I forgot I was on the schedule for today and I made plans like an idiot. Okay great. Thanks a lot. Bye friend!"
The cafeteria descended into mini conversations as teenagers tried to think of a good song or idea to use. While John was talking with his friends, the idea hit him. He'd heard his mom sing along to it on the radio this spring. It was a brand new song, and it was good to slow dance or cha-cha to.
She smoothed down her skirt and tried to sit back down, but Marty grabbed her wrist, squeezing it painfully. "Carl was devastated the night he died. You insulted him and rejected him."
Richard reached out and patted her hand. "It's not your fault dear. I hate to speak ill of the dead, but Carl Junior was not a nice boy. He bullied Henry for months until Sebastian put a stop to it, he bullied others..." Richard smiled sadly. "Forgive me, I shouldn't say such things---"
He thought he heard faint shallow breathing coming from the foot of the bed. John lay perfectly still in the darkness. He had no idea what time it was, but judging by the lack of light, it had to have been maybe twelve or twelve-thirty. Had his mother come home early? But she wouldn’t be in his bedroom, she would go straight to her room. Which meant an intruder was here in the house with John, who was all alone.
