“Dean, being
Honestly, this was possibly the most fucking awkward way of sharing this strategic little tidbit he's been holding so close to his chest that he nearly talked himself out of believing it exists, but
“So why are we going into town,
“You’re happy too right?”
here and work on the house— together… with me.” He bites his lip
house, grey light coming through the window.
By this time, Cas, feeling a stare, pokes his head up out of the fridge,
Sam blinks twice, somehow less shocked than Dean expected, "Oh." And there it was, the immediate empathy and borderline pity, Sam's face
“Dean.” Cas interrupts, patiently, “Let him breathe. Not everyone is as eager to stare at my true form.”
,” He barks out, “I’m
Sam's frown deepens, like he didn't already fucking know. Dean remembers fondly what it was like when Sam lived in reverent awe of him.
“Saw you makin’ friends with the uh, bartender— nice lady, little young for you though…” Dean continues distantly, trying his best not to sound as defensive as he feels about seeing her all smiley with the Angel. It’s a free country though, and Cas is good-looking in an intense, blue-eyed, stare-y, sexy kinda way. Dean takes an aggressive bite of his burger and stares balefully at the the bar.
“Didn’t expect to see you so soon Clarence.”
“There you are.” He smiles, “Thought we lost you there for a hot second. Now, how about we just sit in here and chat for a little bit until you feel better? Gotta catch you up, most importantly, we got a dog and went to a pie festival—“
telling himself it’s mostly because he is overwhelmed by the concept of walking home as opposed to anything else.
Dean’s ribs ache; he fights the urge to kiss him again, cause like, he’s not sure about much of anything lately but damn he wants to touch Cas again. A lot actually.
Dean turns to look at him, facial expression screaming his silent internal struggle: his eternal fight with words, with vulnerability.
“Who told you?” He accuses, already flipping through blank pages, touching the thick paper with reverence.
But he’s different now, he’s been changed. Changed by the people who have touched his heart and made room for him in theirs.
“—screwing girls.” Cas finishes, clearly done with listening to Dean ramble, sitting heavily on the nearby chair.
I owned was Hunt friendly— Hell, all of those vintage band t’s woulda sold for a
The feeling in the room changes, The incandescent light bulbs in the bunker hum a little louder. Dean fights the panic rising in his chest, only growing worse. Yet another lingering side affect from his time in hell.
He swallows. Cas is staring at him in concern. Dean prays that the angel hasn’t somehow heard that mindless paragraph of panic, okay maybe
Before, There was sex, and it was raw, intense and mind blowing but never anything more than that, but now their bond is blown wide with the intensity of what they’re feeling. It’s multiplied and refracted between them.
He exhales, “He is alive?”
Another door bursts in, these Demons are prepared; armed with shotguns. Balthazar turns to fight and protect; there’s no thought, only Dean. His body shivers; wings manifest in a blast of darkness and cocoon them both inside.
He says each word carefully, and honestly Dean’s not sure he’s following.
“Couple years now.” Krissy, kicks her head back to remember, still seemingly oblivious to his awe. “Big ol’ redneck shindig. Everyone who’s anyone in the hunter community invited, couple civvies too— you know Claire and Kaia? Claire’s Cas’ daughter. The Queen of hell officiated. Jack was their ring-bearer,
comment?” says a voice that now sounds blindingly like
still chose to rebel against heaven, against his family for me.”
The angel doesn’t say a word, allowing the tall hunter to squish up against him: shoulder to shoulder, thigh to thigh. Dean is doing his best not to stare at the ribs he can see through his skin of Castiel’s side.
“Castiel!”
Dean’s off the bed, standing before him, pulling his loose pajama pants down and off in a single smooth move. His fingers are confident, deft, sure, as he undoes Cas’ belt, slipping it off, Cas leans back on his elbows and watches.
Balthazar is still in their kitchen when they come downstairs much later that evening.  Wine is surprisingly
“Good to see you too Cas.” He says, “Nice turnout but most’a the hunter’s that answered the call are
Her eyes are wide with confusion and laughter, she winks at him and points down the hallway where Dean has already disappeared.
The Shadow whispers, their voice is creeping and so old, spiderwebs on ancient tombs.
He smells the blood too, can feel the human’s distress piercing his senses. Angels were created to be empathetic beings, watchful protectors. Castiel is even more intensely connected to Dean, Balthazar can only imagine how much worse it is for him.
“You are not wrong for finding solace in those memories, I have often found comfort during my hardest battles,” He chooses his words carefully, pausing between each and savoring the power of them, “In remembering good times with the people…
“I heard.” Cas says, looking uncomfortable, the frown remains.
“Did you find what you were looking for?” Cas asks, Christmas music plays low on the radio,
“Dean.” He says seriously, leaning close. Dean has to pretend that the way he says his name doesn’t do something crazy to his insides, but then he'd have to admit that it's been doing that since day one. “I would like to apologize to you in advance for whatever I may do if he pushes.”
“Why would I—“
Cas frowns, processing what Dean is offering. Dean continues, mostly because Cas hasn’t interrupted with an argument, yet.
of conversation and half smiles all the while she’s gone. Dean’s happy for them, damn power couple and all that nauseating badass shit.
you didn't know?"
He meets her eyes evenly, blue and infinite, and she wonders if anyone has ever disbelieved him when he looks like this.
His mind is groggy with the familiar wobble of some sort of pain medication. He would have said no, hates how this shit makes him feel.
Dean says,
Balthazar throws his hand out and bows dramatically walking backwards after Castiel, Meg blows a kiss and with a laugh, she’s gone.
Cas’ hands pause for a long moment, they tremble very slightly, taking a breath to place the key in a safe place; he pushes at the hinge, it flips open with a snap.
“This is new god?” The figure takes him in.
maybe, doing
Dean’s so close, their warm breath converges into a single steam cloud.
“I’m sorry.” Dean’s brain is only just now catching up with the fact that he’s said all of those words out loud in front of god and everybody, he’s staring hard at Cas’ throat.
Dean felt the same level of intense regret as he had in the moment when Castiel originally told him. He had quietly promised himself that when all this was over, he’d make sure there was something under the tree every damn year. He could even make up a birthday if he needed to.
Dean leans in close, their noses nearly touching.
A couple hours tops
“Dean I am older than time itself.” Cas sighs, Dean cockily picks up his plate which he had emptied absent-mindedly during their talk. The hunter is pleased and proud and is not thinking through his words carefully.
There’s never an answer, never a flutter of wings and an annoyed “Hello Dean” or even a “Fuck off Dean.”
They sit silently again, elbows bumping occasionally. Dean can hear Sam’s patient voice in his head saying,
“—I mean spend more than 5 minutes around Dean
Dean’s breathing slows to match Cas’ their chests rising and falling to a gentle cadence. They can see Claire and Kaia laughing through the open window, it looks like Jack has hauled out the ancient game system Dean found at a garage sale.
“We don’t talk business much.”
Song in E - Julien Baker
“No.” Disgust passes over his face at the suggestion. “God no, Sam, we got there, and the bartender, she definitely thought Cas and I were on a date…”
“Hey, Cas.”
The angel looks at him, feeling his eyes, and he drops his stare, acting like the food he’s eating is the most important thing in his world, ears burning, forcing himself to chew and nod until someone engages him in conversation.
— tiptoe through the fuckin' tulips or whatever, don’t stress about it.”
to talk things out like healthy adults.
“If it doesn’t have gluten in it, then you’re doing it wrong.” He insists.
He’s so relaxed; Cas allows himself to look—
“You know Dad was absolute shit at everything except hunting… after mom.”
She smirks, dimples appear, she nods again, absolutely unperturbed by his glacial demeanor.
“So Sam.”
Sam makes it to the sink, nodding faintly at his dilemma, filling a cup and trying to avoid direct eye contact.
Dean sighs in relief,
“Why are you doing this?” Dean asks, his voice heavy and spiteful, gripping Cas’ arm so tightly, he knows it will bruise. “I know, I know there’s something going on Cas.”
“No angles, merely because I love you.” Cas sits up, stretching to pull something out of his bag before setting it carefully in Dean’s lap, “Happy Birthday, part two.”
Dean’s laugh is instant, large, and infectious. Liam notes that there’s no trace of the bravado and fearsome nature he’d heard stories about.
for you
"So?"
He reads for a long time, lost in the familiar words; feels Cas’ eyes before he looks up, knows they’ll be a little swollen and too-blue and his heart’ll do crunchy things when he sees them.
It shakes him up a little to notice new things about a man he's shared a considerable chunk of his life around. Kinda feels like realizing that you've been driving past your favorite restaurant every day for years because you were just bound and determined to eat somewhere familiar.
The bed had been shoved against the wall, and there, curled away from the door and the light, unmoving and crusted with black sludge, was the former angel of the lord,
and condoms and maybe a high-five.” He rolls his shoulders. “I mean Sam, I was a kid, and it was like 95’, times were different.”
" His voice cracks, the words sound painful. The ancient coffee machine is hissing now, burbling and steaming, Sam remembers how it used to terrify Jack.
They talk about anger, how it hurts the people they love, and how he wants to change. She asks casually if he would be okay with them stopping by and staying occasionally, between hunts. He smiles the rest of the day and buys sheets for his all his spare bedrooms.
“Mmhmm, and we taught both of you to ride it.” Dean purses his lip thoughtfully. “Tried at least.”
, “And some book— uh, some books I liked when I was your age. I uh, found em’… couple days ago…”
“I apologize.” He mutters, blinking owlishly. “I am unused to being around those with a powerful second sight. That was
The angel hums in agreement, slowly slips his free hand over Dean’s arm and plays with the back of Dean’s hair. Waiting for the moment his actions are too much, for Dean to lash out and kick them out of this surreal bubble.
. “They wished a report on Belphegor.”
while he was human. So, ’09, I get back home; Cas is back to being his normal weirdo Angel self, and I— I was safe,
“Cause I’m gonna be loud and the walls are thin,
Jack still visits, still watches movies, loves the way Dean cooks bacon, tries all of his attempts at homemade pie. Sometimes he helps Dean while he works on the house, holds the flashlight when Dean’s working on Baby the way Sam used to, chatters about Heaven and asks advice on dealing with Amara and Rowena respectively.
His brother runs a hand through his shaggy hair. He’d stopped trimming it down since he left bunker without Cas, It was longer than Sam could remember his brother letting it grow since they were kids...
.” Dean’s voice has dropped into that withering, hoarse tone he uses when he’s trying to be sincere and in the process has sort of panicked himself.
. Anyway I um, I
make sure you’re not… possessed, or under a spell.” Another glare. “Again, super happy for you, but like what the hell? I have
, not just the world, not mankind, not Team
“That’s… I mean…” Dean shrugs, unable to find words, “It was always, just you and me and Bobby, and you guys never had a choice in sticking up for me, or, or getting screwed by knowing me, being
the last time he was going halo-free. “And that never seemed to bother you enough not to stick around.”
Cas catches his gaze and points at Jack, who still hasn’t raised his head,
Eyes open.
Cas left a weatherbeaten Kerouac on his table, reading glasses propped on top as though he’d anticipated Dean’s usual sleeplessness.
Minutes before Cas had entered, nodding at Sam and Eileen, she has her feet propped up in Sam’s lap, pouring over bunker schematics and planning in low tones. The Angel had greeted them politely, looking flushed and confused, waiting just long enough to be acceptable before making a break for his room.
“Why’d you let go asshole?” Dean gripes, reaching down and reclaiming it.
’ You’re pretty much Schrodinger’s sexuality to the fandom, though regardless everyone pretty much agrees you were horny for Castiel from day one—  which, not that surprising since he carried the narrative for
“I do. It is… complicated.”
It’s too late for social calls.
present, he had noticed the AA meeting reminders on Dean’s calendar and isn’t exclusively an asshole.
“Fallin for me again?” Dean manages weakly; his palms are sweaty and his heart is doing strange things in his chest.
“And that meant… you kiss—”
“I’m sorry too.” Castiel says softly. “For leaving the way I did, and making you worry.”
“And you aren’t wearing underwear.” Cas’ voice sinks lower, he leans close and presses his lips nearly to Dean’s ear, the warmth of his breath tickles, he shudders in anticipation. “Is this your way of begging?”
Plus he feels weird about leaving Cas completely alone. He knocks one more time, ‘accidentally’ fiddling with the handle, finding it unlocked.
“Way to be supportive
“I am.”
Dean’s ears turn red, apparently it’s a thing now, “Sam told you?”
“A serious agreement.” Cas retorts. “But yes,” He seizes Dean’s hand, locking their pinkies and smiles. Then places his fingers on Dean’s forehead.
“Well, we like having you around.” He reminds Cas, staring pointedly over at Dean who is mid-story, surrounded by a group of grumpy old men. “Whenever you feel like you’re ready.”
“Dumb of ass.” Jack agrees.
"Dean?"
Sam’s face curls. “
“It would have made sense— is all I’m saying.” The hunter argues, clearly embarrassed but also stubbornly fixated on the topic at hand, scooting up to lean agains the headboard.
— No.” Dean puts his hand out firmly, “
“I don’t…” Dean gnaws on the inside of his cheek. “I’m not sure if it’ll fit, you’re a little skinnier than me since…” He winces at his own lack of discretion and taps nervously on the bed. “But now that you’re back, you’re here… and home…”
“Doesn’t matter if you’re human or angel, dumbass.”
Cas leans over him, palm already on his forehead, staring into his eyes, cool hands lingering on his cheeks before spreading the eyelids gently, checking his pulse.
John shrugs. “Just thought it would be best for everyone— I could see that you two need some time away from each other.”
He can feel the dark sense of desire rising.
for the first time as an adult.”
Dean mutters and does his best to flip over in a huff. But Castiel is faster, and with a moderately mind-bending amount of elegance for a naked man, he straddles Dean and leans down to kiss him lazily.
Sam exhales, prepared to continue; his brother has already turned, filling his new coffee mug.
He murmurs softly, “Storm woke me up, just feelin’ a little restless, I’m good.”
“Let’s see… a while back, you remember when we uh, surprised Jack and celebrated Christmas in the bunker, and we were uh, putting up that damn tree as fast as we could cause he’d gone to sleep and, Sam was trying to wrap presents, and we were decorating, and
"No, cause I was part of the deal." He bites the inside of his lip and watches his palm bleed, "Saving me— it was— it would come for him and it would save
“Mhmm.” Dean nods, still trying to keep a straight face. “We have to.”
“She is.” Balthazar affirms.
He’s having trouble keeping everything straight, the room stinks of blood, Dean retches, tries to fight his way out of his rescuer’s arms, but they hold him tightly and keep striding forward.
and we’re still bffs right?” She grabs a familiar leather jacket and stands.
“A dangerous hobby.” Cas responds, surprising a chuckle out of Dean.
“We are not—“
They’d shared rooms, even motel beds before, but this, watching Cas just be. It feels like peace.
They scream in their awful voice, the eyes that are not theirs ooze with black. He does not let the familiar face, distorted in rage and pain distract him from his purpose,
Sam’s eyebrows jump. “You’re handling this very calmly for… well… you.” Sam internally considers, silver, holy water, hex bags.
“Alright fine, You and Cas are important to me. I want you both to be happy, like
Let’s just do exactly what I’ve been doing for 12 fuckin’ years and sweep it all under the rug.” Dean clenches his hand around the beer bottle, drains it dry in one pissed motion. “I’m gettin’ another beer.” and stands up jerkily, knees knocking into the table, not waiting for a reply.
Balthazar fells one demon before he can escape, the torturer trips in his haste to flee, Castiel is above, eyes glowing, his hand catches the cloud of smoke and forces it back inside the host. A few whispered words of Enochian and he’s trapped, bound by grace. Another demon is fleeing— he flings his blade and catches the demon between the shoulder blades with a scream.
Cas shifts away from his hand, Dean turns up the music and makes no attempt to touch him.
you kissed him.” Sam states, like it all made sense now,
“There were more important things at stake.” It’s true, most things are inherently selfish in comparison to the world ending.
..." This is unexpected.
Always the same fucking choice, no matter the universe.
A sliver of pride,
for choosing hotels.
Cas shakes his head, forcing his way into Dean’s embarrassed eye line.
“Just being honest.” She says, he stops and rubs his head, and laughs down between his fingers. He has
I do.” Cas snaps right back and— there— he’s finally looking at him and Dean’s trying to remember why they’re fighting cause those stupid fucking blue eyes.
“You said you were mine.” Cas’ voice has somehow gotten deeper, in between words he’s pulled Dean’s sleep shirt aside, bending forward to leave very distinctive marks on the skin it normally hides. “You also said I was your boyfriend. I found it… distracting.”
he remembers.
As soon as they’re through his door, Cas tries to pull away. He hopes desperately that Dean, for the first time in his life, will get the hint.
"I guess, I always just assumed you sorta, felt that way about him too. We all did." He scratches his ear and avoids eye contact.
Dean does his best to keep himself busy, the hours falling into routine,
“I can see my breath.”
meant. Sam wills every bit of concentration into keeping a straight face.
Dean slams the door and whirls.
As a side note: make up sex is fucking
Something breaks inside the angel, perhaps it’s the look in Dean’s eyes, or the way his voice pleads in a way Cas has never heard— but this wave rises hot, wanting, insatiable.
“Really?” Sam asks, Dean nods, and thrusts his hands in his pockets.
Cas’ lips are chapped and warm, gentle and questioning.
Cas nods,
Jack tilts his head, voice deep and youthful, so similar that it makes Dean's heart clench and stutter. He ignores his adopted son, barely stopped by the the firm hand Jack has laid on his chest
Dean grins at Bobby’s hairy eyeball.
you can march your scrawny ass upstairs and ravish your foolish young paramour and let yourself have a few mostly human decades on earth before dancing up to heaven together and experiencing a hero’s welcome.” He sighs. “Angels are bastards and grudge holders all, but if you give them a bit to cool and some time with your bouncing baby boy,” He winks. “They’ll come around, and you’ll get to have your bit of grimy human happiness.” His nose wrinkles on the last few words.
. He doesn’t add, choosing the safer, “In hindsight, timing does not matter, it was the actions after.”
Cas feels Dean’s unresolved guilt over that single name like a punch to the gut.
Cas sticks a hand out toward the unfamiliar member of the circle.
“Claire told you where I was.” He says by way of greeting, as if the way he’s sitting on the bench isn’t practically a bullhorn sharing how pissed off he (definitely) is.
Cas’ frown slackens, he rolls his eyes. “You’re mocking me.”
This is the way it ends, how it was always meant to end.
And god. Dean has to add lethal weapons competency to his kink bingo card.
“But the Empty… Jack.” He leans back on his heels and sighs. “You
if I’m lyin.”
He swallows, he should have known, especially after glimpsing the protection magic circling Dean.
He slams the door shut behind him leaving Dean with his own thoughts.
“Kissed you.”
Cas reaches around, grabbing a bowl off the top with ease, Dean’s flustered with Cas close and warm against his side, offering the white porcelain with kindness.
Normal couples just yell shit and don't have sex for a couple weeks."
was gonna be the moment, he wasn’t just gonna leave himself defenseless.
frustrate me, and despite that we will choose to forgive one another. He— Dean has, he is…" He trails off and shakes his head,
Winchester and you’ll know more than you ever cared to, about his husband the rebel angel.” She makes a retching noise. “He told me a few neat little details last time we had poker night.” Her eyes take on a haunted look. “I had to drink to forget.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why didn’t you just leave?”
“Mmhmm.” He laughs nervously, relieved that Cas cut him off, and plays with the ring box.
Dean nods, Jack continues,
He flushes; carried on by the momentum. He thinks distantly that his therapist would be proud.
, Dean.”
So we uh, went for like, a walk downtown, cause the lights are up for the holidays and Cas likes sparkly, hopeful, shit like that— it was real nice, Sam, you should take Eileen before—“ Sam clears his throat, Dean reroutes.
grumpy. It was tasked with a singular purpose from the beginning: to silence those who entered it’s domain. Amara thinks that Chuck gave the Shadow this role as punishment. But she’s not certain… the only we do know, is it feeds on grace and memories… regrets.”
"Sounds like my brother has yet to fill you in on the details of his heroics." Balthazar winks at Cas and takes a seat at the bar, “Did he leave out the bits about him taking on the Empty solo? Or rescuing the combined Hosts condemned to eternity there? Billie? the petulant Kevin? Or did he tell you that during your year long estrangement he merely sat around in heaven and
"Cause drinking your way to the bottom of every bottle in a 10 mile radius sure as hell isn't helping Cas—“
“Make me.” Dean repeats, and it’s so Dean. So fierce and fiery, burning with golden light. Even in his desire for surrender he is strong. He grabs Cas’ hand and places it back on his throat.
“Claire is with Kaia, they are hunting
“And, Dean said I could play Minecraft.”
The first few months had been the worst, now, now it was more of a numb ache when a random instance would spark a memory.
Liam Harris watches in fascination fresh from the continent; sent over to work with American hunters for a year or two. He’s got a moderate gifting in Witching, an old line with strong ties to a certain Macleod family. He stays close to the group he knows best, careful to keep his back to a wall.
Cas asks about his trench coat and Dean rolls his eyes; pushing one of his old leather ones at the angel, griping about the fact that it was December, and
“Yeah kid.” He says, patting his head and sniffing “I know.”
All it takes is one look at Cas’ serious, drawn expression and his Dad’s stern hands-to-hips posture to know what’s going down.
A faint frown, “You liked my vessel
pissed.”
“With me?” Dean guesses, Cas not stopped touching him, his hands are heavy across any skin he can reach, Dean hopes he never stops.
Dean’s hand slides shakily up to Cas’ knee, and he laughs, clears his throat, wipes his eyes.
“Love always is.” She says, with an understanding smile. “Maybe try talking to him? Speak of the devil—“
, since Cas...”
“So I told him about the house out by the lake, and you guys’ plans for the bunker. And he kinda flipped out and thought I was kicking him out, I explained about… semi-retirement, and he seemed to chill out a little. I thought we were good— so I uh , took him out to the house and showed him what I wanted to do to it and he was just standing there in that stupid scarf I got him and listening to me ramble about what I wanna do to it, and lookin’ at me all blue-eyed, and I just… went with my gut.”
Without another thought, Dean pulls off his shoes, socks and jacket and steps into the tub, hit in the face by the ice cold water,
Castiel’s head tilts, hands raised to steady the hunter,
“You said
believe that?” The hunter shoves his plate away, taps the tablecloth, avoiding looking at Cas. “You know you don’t have to make excuses for me anymore, right? It makes you sound like a fuckin’ apologist for my life. Listen, I— I know down deep you’ve got human emotions rattling around, so just,
this and
Dean can no longer see out of his left eye, the brow bone is probably fucked; his right eye is nearly crusted shut with dried blood.
for garnish?”
hoping perhaps it was just a particularly aggressive roll of thunder.
“I found this house couple miles away… well… to be honest, Sam really found it, and may or may not have ganked some uh ghosts lingering, so we got it real cheap… and it would take a lot of work—” He clears his throat nervously working his way to whatever he’s most anxious about asking. Classic Dean Winchester behavior.
“If you are concerned about bothering me with the sounds of your fornication,” he adds unhelpfully. “It would please you to know that I managed to figure out your television enough to watch Netflix.”
She stands; slaps him on the back, leaning forward to kiss him on the cheek. “‘Course I will Angel.”
“Are you fucking cold? I’m fucking cold.” Dean doesn’t wait for an answer, slides off the hood and heads to the driver seat.
Dean turns sharply to Cas, something just now dawning on him,
. Angel. King of all things dramatic and ceremonious had the cosmic misfortune of being partnered with Dean fucking Winchester who only ever thinks with his gut or his dick and very rarely with both.
Cas wonders absently where the soft green one he favored recently has gone to. The hunter pauses—noting his stare with interest— dropping a pair of black and white chucks on the ground next to the kitchen table.
They both turned to look at Cas, he shrugs, taking a drink of coffee, brows raising at the taste. “I saw it parked outside during my… walks. You may use it, Dean.”
He had waited a grand 24-hours before bringing up the elephant in the room and
“About the… honey?“
Straight Razor - Matt Maeson
, it’s okay, do whatever you want,
“If you keep starin’ like that, I’m gonna get embarrassed.” Dean murmurs sleepily, eyes still closed, his lips curled.
Cas stares nonplussed at Dean across the top of Jack’s head. He mouths something in confusion and Cas points intensely at Jack.
“I need you to— in,
They sneer,
.” Cas muses, his lips pulling up.
The night they open, while half the population of Lebanon and most of the hunter's in the tri-state area are sipping drinks and laughing she walks up to him and tells him quietly that he’s her Bobby.
He’d drunk too much,
“We were never—“ He scowls and picks at his sleeve. “Who told you that?”
show up late cause of a girl; get a sigh and and a talking to about
She sighs dramatically. “I mean, It’s a little kinky, since I’m sorta your ex, and you’re asking me to help out your new ex. But I guess I’m sorta a good guy now— liasing for the
What is it about Winchesters that have Archangels going mad— must have a taste when I get a chan—“ He grins at the look Cas shoots him.
was safe. And I just stopped. Cut it off at the head and let him live.”
“Your yearning is showing Castiel.” Balthazar says, nose wrinkling in disgust, whether at the lurid graffiti written in bastardized Enochian or the concept of love.
They have also adopted four new succulents; there’s been talk of starting a garden in spring, maybe a couple of beehives (
do not know how to explain in a way that you will truly understand.” He sighs, annoyed with himself for bringing it up, but the look on Dean’s face says that he won’t let it drop now.
Dean—” He shakes his head with surety, “I think
nerve. Sam is playing a human game of Operation except the guy is actually Dean, and Dean is
, Not true.” Dean pokes Cas in the knee, belying the sincerity of his words. “You’re still our Cas, maybe just on the bench for a little bit while you heal up. Between you and me, even with your battery all wonky you’re probably still more badass than I am. But— that’s only because I can’t help getting old.”
He lifts off the lid finally.
“Are you angry with me Dean?”
Instant regret crosses the hunter's face, and he exhales slow and long and tired.
“Thanks Dean,” Jack calls out,
They sit like that for a long time, Dean rubbing comforting circles on the skin of Cas’ back, quickly running out of new things to tell the angel, before softly unfolding stories about when he was a kid, the summers with Bobby, the fireworks with Sam and the way his back and knees hurt now, how Dean had kept his Angel Blade safe, and loved embarrassing the hell out of Sam and Eileen now that they were "a thing".
As soon as John leaves the kitchen Dean’s legs give out like a puppet with cut strings. Cas is— of course— immediately kneeling next to him, leaning into his personal space, eyes bright-blue and concerned.
“Do you agree with all the shit your brother just said?” John hisses.
Dean is still staring, his face says doesn’t quite believe the angel's obviousness, “Perky is uh… well, It doesn’t, it doesn’t, uh, it doesn’t matter. You look great. Honestly, for your age.”
He is barely able to keep up with the punishing pace the Angel sets— Dean’s hands slide up the Angel’s ribs. A slight tug to the roots of Dean’s hair and he moans, hands freezing, and Cas is kissing deeper, urgent and demanding.
Dean finishes, thrusting the cup of coffee at him along with an attempt at a smile, trying to make it less cocky than it felt. He can’t help it, he’s thrilled. It’s the first time he and Cas have spent more than two seconds alone in the same room since that night. He’s fucking
“Castiel.” She greets uncertainly, “Didn’t think you did house calls.” A brief stab of fear, “Are my boys okay?”
smuggest bastard ever to have wings and B: this whole war-bride thing suddenly doesn't sound so bad.
Dean catches a few words, Eileen has been teaching him in the mornings when Sam goes running. It’s a long con for him, to at some point be better at sign language than Sam.
Maybe this is what Meg meant.
“There’s a difference,” He whispers against Cas’ cheek. “This, this is good sore, sweetheart. Oh
“Damn right," He affirms, eyes back on the sketchbook, "They talked about boobs and shit in that one,” His thumb brushes softly across a line, eyes quick to reference his lover, the ancient being, reclining in his bed sheet draped across his middle, putting all the greek gods and goddesses to shame.
Honestly, their Bobby would have
“So? Have you always?” Sam sounds like a stereotype,
, but when one looks quite closely at the Enochian on Dean’s however,” He clicks his tongue. “On top of the fact that he now
“Dean.” Cas interrupts tiredly,
of this man with his son’s eyes.
Dean marks the kids’ stare with curiosity, pulling Krissy to her feet with one bear paw of a hand. His other half is talking to a smaller team by the wall, shaking his head in disagreement at something said, he seems unaware of the semicircle of acolytes eagerly gathered, waiting their turn to talk.
his back is covered in ugly red scratches, there’s a telltale hickey visible on the back of his thigh.
“Dean?” His brother’s voice is fuzzy with sleep and concern, “Why are you up so—“
“Have you decided about your vessel? I can see that it’s getting worse. You pushed too hard in the Empty
The angel leans away, growing agitated at Dean’s closeness. His eyes close.
Then with a quick inhale, centers himself, opening his inner eyes for a glimpse at their true faces. The taller shimmers curiously, warded to the hilt, only glancing for the tiniest instant.
“No worries Cas,
“Hello Dean.”
His mind bites; he winces and makes an effort to turn his attention back to Dean and the hostess. He stuffs the heavy feeling of human jealousy down into his borrowed shoes and patiently waits for Dean to finish flirting and remember he exists.
“Will you marry me Cas?” He shrugs, “I’d get down on one knee but it’s damn cold and my knees are shot, I’m not sure if I’d be able to get back up.”
“You are fevered.” He states helplessly, not for the first time wishing he was not quite so human. “I should go get Sam.”
"He's a big boy," Dean says, grumpy now, "He can make his own damn choices, I guess."
“Hello Mary.” He says, she tilts her head in an entertaining facsimile of his own, clearly trying to evaluate the tone of his news by his body language.
, he’s pushed down to his elbows, held in place by Castiel.
Cas. He’s been out at his house by the lake— He lives out there by himself—and, gone
Cas shrugs in an unexpected moment of shyness. “I told you I
“You look like shit.” Dean breathes, a cut reopens on his cheek and lips as he speaks.
hard to be more than the killer you raised him to be. And do you know who has
What about the ‘
haven’t you learned
Cas can’t do this tonight, he already
Dean snorts, but his ears turn red, “Song of Songs?
are equally unacceptable as motivators to Cas, “Next time I propose it’ll be romantic as hell.”
When he crawls back in bed he leaves the lamp on his bedside table on, breathing in and out, forcing himself to matching breath of his partner.
“Dean.” He says kindly, always kindly. “If you had the chance to make right one of your biggest regrets… wouldn’t you take it?”
Castiel sighs, sharp eyes picking out the various sentries. “Not many realize that we were... intimate”
Dean's even cordoned off a whole section of the closet for him, they work on filling it up a little every weekend. This has led to the discovery that Dean has an unhealthy fascination with thrift stores, which even Sam finds unexpected.
Cas hesitates off the to side, he’s been relatively quiet through their argument. Dean sees though that it’s taking a concentrated effort. Cas and Sam are both passionate about saving lives, so it doesn’t take long before his voice growls out careful suggestions, safeguards, alternate options. He was an incredible leader once, a strategist of heavenly skill, that’s more and more obvious in moments like these where he speaks with quiet and comfortable authority.
Jack appears in their kitchen with a sigh that seems to come from his shoes.
She’s being generous, their history is complicated, ribboned and bloody though oddly unified on their desire to protect two particular boys.
It's like taking a hit of Grace straight to the teeth, and
“In the dark and shitty timeline maybe,” Dean mutters, “Nah Sam. It was a fucked up dream and that’s all there is to it.” He’s focused on his frying pan, eyeballing the bacon grease with suspicion, toast dramatically placed in the toaster. “Let’s just pretend it never happened and move on with how our lives actually turned out.”
“Anytime guys.” She winks at Cas and mouths,
Dean’s ears turn red.
He wants to burn it all to the ground. The freedom, his new life, all of it.
Dean inhales sharply at the word, and oh, the vulnerability, the oceans of expression that run across his green eyes. The same light he witnessed in that moment in hell looks out from a vessel whose loveliness cannot begin to compare to the radiant soul of Dean Winchester.
A little fire ball, and ‘glamours’ Sam calls ‘em.
Dean shivers; their profound bond, thrums intense with mutual desire; his eyes are heavy lidded with greed as his perfect lips part for Cas’ thumb.
“I told him that I wished to see you first…”
He reaches out and takes Jack’s hand, “I also think, that part of Chuck’s weakness was his loneliness. We saw it manifest itself in ways that hurt the ones he loved: his
Dean nods in agreement and then frowns. “Don’t swear, and that’s sorta… hurtful. But yeah, I guess.”
A spot of color appears on Cas’ cheeks, he frowns, steps closer, peering.
“Decisions were made.” He admits, “Not… super
, They were real fuckin' shitty decisions okay? But honestly it was freak thing…”
Castiel, Angel of Heaven, barely acknowledges the sudden appearance of Amara. She is as cold and calculated as ever, clothed for battle. Her time with Jack seems to have done very little to soften her nature.
“And then last year…” Dean waits for Cas to remember, head tilting with concentration. “You and he watched all those hallmark movies on television and he became obsessed with—“
He blinks and it’s gone.
Dean says, dipping his head to press kisses up Cas’ neck, hands on either side of the angel’s face.
“Are you being facetious? Sometimes I have trouble…”
sort of sense.
“Last year, I got this
“So you marked me because I reminded me of your long lost Angel BFF.
about it, okay?” Sam forces a smile, and tries to will this new fragile hope into his brother. “Be a little selfish.”
“You’re an asshole Dean.” Krissy informs, pulling Cas into a hug. “Good to see you guys. Always a good feeling to have Winchesters on your team.”
Dean wakes in a cold sweat, his hand already slipping to the side for the blade he tucked in the carefully made cubby in the nightstand.
“About ready to burst with rugrat number three.” He murmurs fondly, raising his eyebrows in surprise at a modification she’d made.
“So I died by vamp attack too?”
should have to grow up like that.” He swallows, and taps his fingers on the steering wheel. “Uh, I just know that Sonny, well he gave me a chance when I was a kid… and we have the space, and uh, a lot of extra bedrooms.”
Curiosity and something that feels like cold anger roils low in Cas’ gut, he rolls over, and stares blankly at the bundle of fabric, mostly neutral greens and blues, a couple black t-shirts, a few pairs of jeans. It all smells freshly washed.
I’m gonna go off in my pants like a fuckin’ teenager.”
Sam gets there less 30 minutes later with a dozen maple bacon donuts.
John's eyes narrow, he watches Dean carefully.
“Ruined? Weak? Twisted?”
Dean is listening, but mostly slamming the cupboard doors, yanking open a drawers willy-nilly, apparently not finding what he is looking for, Sam presses on. “Dean, I just, you’ve both been through a lot, and you, you’ve been very…
should be god instead, Then, I can come home, and live with you… Now that you and Cas are… married?”
“I will come back.” He says awkwardly, patting Dean on the back of the wrist.
“He told me he loved me Sam,
he shower was on, on the floor a chaotic pile of filthy clothes, the curtain half-pulled off the hooks at the top, and there was the angel, his an—
he'd been in there a long time.
“By lying to him? Cause that always works out for you Winchesters.”
“So you think I should be god?”
“Actually, No regrets on that one.” Challenge accepted, if Cas was gonna play this way, time to pull out the big guns. “You actually prefer Cas over your full name.”
“So— how did he react?” He says slowly.
“Then tell me what you want,” He punctuates every word, never once letting up his hold on Dean.
Dean, looks between them with a petulant face until Eileen says it's too difficult to explain and Cas turns back to his book.
He sees Sam’s face and nods “I mean
Eremiel manifests, eyeing Castiel and Rowena with a mix of unguarded suspicion and fear.
Cas smiles faintly at the memory, no longer watching the movie.
Another repetitive boom on the door, Dean shrugs and hands Sam the pistol tucked into his boxers which he takes, grimacing.
“Probably fucking not.” Dean wheezes. “But I’m better.
They sit in silence.
Bobby looks about three seconds from kicking both their asses, then seems to notice again that there are other members of this whole conversation. He itches his head underneath the customary trucker’s cap and sighs,
Cas gasps through wet eyes and shakes his head. His eyes glued to the rings in the box, uncomprehending.
“Or would that be the Bert and Ernie one?”
But he’s
unhealthy to make your future decisions entirely based on memories.”
house.
“Sammy, don’t fuck with me,“ He pleads, halfway to the the living room where three guns and twice as many knives are tucked away.  “
Dean sits up straighter, nervous and fidgety. “Yup. I think we were like…I was… like what, 14… 15?
“He doesn’t remember anything from before.” Sam opens rapid-fire. “Eileen said she’s not sure how far back, he remembers being in the bunker, Billie coming for you two—“
Lights glow from most of the windows, Claire and Kaia had made their excuses and headed back,
An angel appeared with a flutter, mid-bake with a serious look on his face and a message for their god-son. Jack left soon after, waving goodbye to Cas and smiling reassuringly to Dean before disappearing.
Cas' eyes meet Dean’s and there’s the tiniest shake of his head. The look in his eyes says:
Dean makes a noncommittal noise in his throat, not trusting his words in the moment. The concept is new: worries being addressed and understood, being loved without parameters or expectations. It makes him feel shaky to his core.
? the slightest burble of annoyance rising to the surface. “I cannot fix your house with Angel mojo. I am… mostly human, Useless to you.” He wills himself to stand.
— which bad decision or weak moment had cost him his happiness.
, you’re right. He’s an Angel, they don't, they don't feel stuff that way." Dean stumbles over the words, “Like you know,
you, Cas, last thursday, in my living room. And honestly I’m pretty sure you kissed me back, so here we are.” If he says
, he so loved that classic Dean Winchester smile. But all he can think about right now is how good it would feel to wipe that patented grin off of Dean Winchester’s face.
“Thanks for uh, for healing me.” He hates how breathless he sounds.Honestly it’s taking more than a concentrated effort to keep a stupid eager smile off his face at the mere sight of the angel for the first time in almost a year. The same bubble of happy that always made it’s way to the surface when the Angel would return to his orbit.
Cas’ face crinkles up, “I don’t know—" He may actually have to google that one.
“You hungry?”
The angel has his own side table now; (un)surprisingly cluttered. The drawers are never closed completely; at least 4 books lay half read on top. All gifted bookmarks ignored in favor of scavenged leaves or various, mostly flat, household items (most noticeably a kitchen knife with a smidgen of jelly still smeared) to Dean’s casual outrage.
what I do to the things I touch. Cas, he was no different, he died for me, he came back, he died, I rip him out of his happy dean-free existence, and then just dump him—”
present opening and the obligatory second round of Christmas Eve dinner; possibly (definitely) timed after Dean said something about putting in a movie and finding himself some stretchier pants.
anyway,
He doesn’t stare at anyone else like this.
Cas grumbles softly at his movement, hand shifting absently. It’s taken some getting used to, sleeping with someone.
I've ever
than human.”
“Presents.” Dean states, grinning happily. “T-minus two days sunshine.”
, never seen a pair like yours. You’re—” She whistles. “—Well, I’d say beautiful, if it didn’t make me sound like such a sap.
“The talking.”
“—Have you seen Cas?” He doesn’t even try to hide the near-frantic burr in his voice,
It has always been enough.
," Dean stumbles, his ears already red, "When you uh, said that shit about me being the righteous man and you always um… well, it felt like vows.”
Belphegor has the audacity to laugh,
“You are Liam Harris.” He says, not a question, his head tilts. “A witch.”
What is the ulterior motive here?”
Birds and Bees, Remember?”
You— Castiel, our village weirdo,
, we’re all pretty much background characters.” She sighs wistfully. “What a refreshing day. Nice to meet you Mr. Dean’s Castiel.” She throws out a hand, her smile genuine and kind, he shakes it awkwardly, surprised and softened by the unexpected friendship initiation ritual.
got it.”
Cas beats him to the movement; pulls it from his body,
Mostly that's it, sorry about my erratic capitalization of the word "angel". It's literally been like.... 8 years since I've published anything. As always, tell me what you liked, it gives me the honey glows.
Sam stands outside the bunker and stares up to the sky. “I know it’s been a while, Jack says you’ve been busy with the uh, the Empty— and uh, everything, but I figured you’d want to know, it’s about Dean, he’s uh, he’s missing—”
“You were upset earlier, I thought this would make you feel—“
“I— I would like that.”
Cas’ face relaxes when he realizes that Dean is teasing him, “
Castiel halts.
Cas watches lazy snowflakes drift. Soft and unique.
They lay unmoving,
And honestly, he knew what he signed up for
Colors blur as he winces into consciousness and reaches sideways, fumbling with the password and squinting at the screen blearily. He grabs his glasses off the side table, most of the notifications are replies to texts he doesn’t recognize.
Another added benefit is that Cas always comes to dinner when Jack is present. Non-obviously Dean manages to snag a seat where he can watch the angel interact with his— with
“Is he?” She asks. “Happy?”
"You took like the whole pack out, One gun, Just standing there in the middle of the room looking all epic and sexy and shit. Smoke trailing up.” Dean whistles. “How the hell else was I supposed to react? I nearly offered to bear your children right there.”
the one that asked.”
was actually—“ Sam shoots him another look. “Ri- right,— um, anyway, I think he really liked it… actually no, well, I—I
He sighs, closes his eyes, and tries not to think about Dean. Filling his mind instead with the best way to explain— to convince— the Winchesters
Cas tilts his head curiously. He knows that he is, perhaps, not good with
“We can get Cas back, then no apocalypse, no world-saving, just…
A part of him, a sad pathetic part of him, hopes Dean will not let him walk away, which would be the opposite of classic Dean behavior.
“I’m not Sam.” She replies unbothered. “Answer the fucking question.”
“Will you let Sam know he’s been found?” Castiel growls. “That I am taking him.”
“I would like to spend a life with you, Dean Winchester,” Cas continues, his elegy sincere, soft, reverent. “I will always answer your prayers, I will protect you with my physical form, and I will love you, and you alone, from this day forward until the end of my days.”
He strides across to the large, imposing bed, Cas’ Angel blade is not under the pillow. The bed is still made, no extra toothbrushes or clothes out of place. There’s a pair of reading glasses on the side table, a couple paperbacks: westerns, Cas brushes a fingertip across the dog-eared edges, his lips twitch at the vintage-car bookmarks. He notes a stack of vinyl leaned up against the wall, but no record player.
So, back to pleading to Jack— Screaming at the sky. Drinking.
“I didn’t think you’d come.” Dean responds calmly, and it’s honest and painful, “I’ve been praying to you—
, after I rushed in to try to cover your six, didn’t cover
Over the year, Jack and Sam work together on the uneasy peace between humans and nonhumans. Dean has been involved in a few Earth-New Heaven meetings and he can’t imagine being in the middle of all that shit all the time.
It breaks the magic of the moment. He’s immediately embarrassed,
As Dean went through his nightly routine of praying, screaming, yelling to Jack, he found that could no longer keep it in. He curled into a ball and wept, unconsolable in his grief and the resounding silence of the heavens above him.
Another dark stare, Dean sees the beginnings of a disparaging self-comment on the angel’s lips.
?” He parrots in a high mocking tone. “What the hell Sam.”
Surprised from his cycle of gloom, he eyeballs Erin, she’s detached from her place behind the bar and is now leaning against their table. She follows his stare, to where Dean had passed through a tastefully hung curtain.
The former Angel’s mouth snaps shut, his eyes dart to the hunter’s lips,
“And then you… kissed him?”
from happening then we can’t ever be really free of it…And you
He shakes his head at the onslaught of nostalgia and wipes his sweaty forehead, and lifts the hood of the Camaro.
He watches Cas sleep for a few moments, finally putting the reading glasses on and opening the paperback, only to find a leaf from the garden tucked in between the pages, and smiles.
“Yes.” Cas muses, tilting to kiss Dean’s shoulder, “But also because it’s true.”
him, lost the will to
“So you felt something then, and you didn’t act on it for… 10 more years because?”
Sam absently pulls his hair back in a bun, yanks it out, runs his hands through his hair and pulls it back up again in exasperation. “What the fuck man? Dean, maybe you should get your head checked? Or I could do some research and make sure it’s not a prophecy or alternate universe or something”
Cas’ fingers play with his hair, touching where it’s grown in front of his eyes and around his ears.
“Oh.” He clears his throat a few times. “He uh… he uh, had to shoot the colt and saved my ass in the middle of...the werewolves, and it was really hot—“
Black goo is
The air shivers, Dean’s ribs ache, his soul feels like it’s reaching out all golden light.
They hear a muffled scream, laughter. Balthazar watches for his leader’s signal; like he has done for untold millennia. Castiel’s nostril’s flare, the air around them feels like it could ignite with his fury.
Dean watches him, the ghost of several emotions shifting across his face before he nods very slowly, seems to come to some sort of decision.
“Dad caught you… with a guy?”
“Where did you go?”
that human upstairs, the stubborn redneck you’ve spent twelve years protecting, and the last three days watching over without leaving his room:
Dean comes screaming out of a nightmare, instinctively reaching out to his right for the familiar warmth of Castiel.
He thought he was over this, past the panic and crippling fear, but no, he wakes with the weight of the universe pressing down on him and the thought of getting out of bed is something that feels him with dread, all he wants is to hide from the whole world and never come out.
Cas may not understand why she’s speaking to him, but he does appreciate her appropriate use of air quotes.
“You ruin Christmas. Everyone is sad, Jack will cry.” He shakes his head in dubious earnestness. “At this point, we’ve delayed so much— we are probably gonna have to make out. For the greater good.”
It doesn’t take long.
“Actually Dad, I think they’d fuck me.”
my name.” Cas affirms, testy because his name sounds grating in her mouth, not the affectionate way that Dean says it at all.
next?” There’s an edge to his words, he can’t help it. He wanted to stay in his room and now he feels out of his depth
“Singin in the dead of night…”
He’s struck by a memory; their very first argument was in a kitchen. Back when Dean was all fire and ignorance, foolishly picking fights with a messenger of god who could have ripped him out of existence as easy as breathing.
“I thought—“ Cas’ brows furrow.
“I think I— I think I saw ‘em once,” Dean shifts so his arm is wrapped around Cas’ middle, head cushioned underneath his collarbones, rising and falling with every breath. “When you first appeared.”
“Uh-huh, you’re right... the second time went
Sam stumbles into the kitchen, it’s gotta be close to 2:30; he woke up with that universal unrelenting need for water.
sorry if I— good luck!” Erin winks at Cas before she flits back to her place at the bar in front of the door.
Cas is only gone a moment, he holds the laptop in his hands, face uncertain.
It takes Cas an hour to decide if he is,
He cocks his head. “When did you go to the bunker?”
Honestly he listened because she had spent more than one night in that first month keeping an eye on his drunk ass while he wallowed in self-loathing and ate nothing but fancy peanut butter and jelly, so he figured he could at least give her a moment.
try to eat, a few bites awkwardly timed, forcibly reminding himself to chew and swallow. His effort seems to satisfy Dean’s worries enough for him to concentrate on his own meal, taking another massive bite out of the dripping burger with his usual gusto, Dean is already on his second beer, muttering in shock every time he enjoys it.
“You want to… spend time with me?” The question is asked softly, he’s standing like he isn’t sure what to do with his hands, the one suspended limply between them. Dean breathes and counts backward from ten, and tries to ignore the wretched feeling of guilt over what he’s done to the Angel over the years.
Cas squints, much of his first years near Dean was figuring out how to speak Winchester. He still wouldn’t say he was fluent, but it occasionally helped when Dean underestimated his understanding.
Dean's entire being feels pinched and tight, everything he's ever constructed folding in on itself, fight or flight engaged. He clears his throat,
her best attempts at manipulating my potential physical desire for her—“
, I assure you he will not harm you.” He pats Dean’s shoulder fondly like one would a wayward dog.
“Yeah Dean. He does.” Sam finally says, sitting on one of the infirmary beds with a tired sigh. “And I get it, you finally get to see what it would be like to be with someone who gets you, who loves you and it’s terrifying and fantastic and beautiful. But you’ve got to be honest with him. Even if it hurts. You’ve got to trust him enough to know that it won’t change anything. Dean.” He shifts, and leans on his knees. “You’re worth staying for.”
with old age dude.”
“So… what?”
Dean opens his eye again, he’s crushed against a warm chest, completely enveloped by strong arms. He’s bleeding all over whoever the hell they are, he feels hazy and sorry. But, he recognizes their scent, clear and crisp like high mountain pines, the burning aroma of ozone and lightning strikes.
He’d stared at marble statues the few times his dad dragged him into a church, when Cas looked like that… it made his stomach hurt.
Dean pinches the skin irritatingly and chuckles.
he was able to resist the Shadow for so long. She thinks that restored, he may be able to wake the captive Heavenly hosts.”
sitting and shivering underneath the onslaught of water. Cas is staring straight ahead, eyes wide and unseeing, he doesn’t react at all to the hunter’s sudden presence in the room.
you chose the Winchester boy. Who yes, has his charms and probably looks absolutely
“Well Cas…” He exhales, wiping his hands on his napkin. “The
The simple phrase knocks the air out of the angel, he’s suddenly exhausted like he’s run a marathon.
April comes.
“Well, you’ve already fucked me twice today, plus that birthday surprise which was…” He breathes out with a happy whoosh, waggles his eyebrows, “So what’s the angle sweetheart?”
“So what did you say?" Distract, redirect, "How'd you respond when he told you?"
. The same feeling he got that night waves over and he just knows—
Heat rushes inadvertently to his face and chest, he twists the blanket up around around his face, hoping Dean gets the point.
A week goes by.
A tiny kitchen timer shaped like a bee sits imperiously on the stove, Cas regards it for more seconds than he’d like to admit, fingers reaching out to touch. A tactile human response.
Sam jerks back to the present, filing away that Dean had admitted that the thought of Castiel loving him made him
“I like
you love me n' shit, so it might be sorta nice to uh... Stubble’s weird," He admits, "But I think that's cancelled out because you’re pretty good lookin as dudes go, and
We got you out, cause we— cause I— cause you're family.” He winces.
Sam and Eileen were holed up somewhere supposed to be making cookies and more likely making out.
“It has been a long time since someone has been able to see my true faces.” He mumbles. “Sam is no longer surprised by seeing it, and I forgot…”
“Jack, buddy, we talked about this—“ He sounds irritated, he
Dean pushes past the desire to fix everything, rubbing his hands up and down Cas’ arms trying to warm him up a little, while reaching his around and turning the knob up warmer a little at a time. He leaves his arm around the Angel's shoulders, trying to ignore the way Cas flinches and attempts to make himself smaller.
“No. About the first time we met. It was not any of those times.” He hesitates under Dean’s questioning gaze, “I—I
He’d been pissed when they got out of the car, he didn’t feel good in general, but then watching Cas go all distant and untouchable.
, pining for 12 years, might as well give him a nice send off. Especially after I confess my…“ He swallows around self-disgust and dark emotions he can barely name. “—
Dean shrugs, annoyed with the question. “It’ll come up eventually.”
At present, with humanity and hormones thundering through his veins and Dean’s mouth inches away from his. He just
The room is dim and lifeless without Castiel’s presence, an interesting facsimile of Dean’s life without…
“Hot.” He murmurs.
The Bunker grows lively during the holiday season.
“I do not believe your ass was part of this evaluation at that time.” Cas ponders the joke too seriously, his eyes briefly roam over Dean, catching himself and returning quickly back to topic. “I was tasked with rescuing the Michael Sword from hell. An unexpected and most honorable mission. But when I saw you… when I saw your… soul, it was…”
over and over… we, we made it up as we went along.”
in the
“—So you weren’t supposed to mark me.” Dean interrupts, hoping that Cas doesn’t notice the edge in his voice, but if the story doesn’t move on he’s gonna need something stronger than spiced cider, and he still has to drive them home.
“Nah, don’t get up.” He snarks, trying to keep cool, leaning weakly, tottering from one major surface to another, Cas inclines his head toward the nearby chair and it slides out soundlessly. Dean sits heavily and takes the offered glass of water. “So, you’re still here.”
leave.
“You’re all good buddy. Don’t worry, I won’t tell anybody.”
Balthazar waits only a moment.
“Exactly. What a DILF.” He chokes on his own words, ears going bright red.
“It’s thirty-two degrees Cas, roll up the damn window before you get sick.” But there’s no fire behind his words, he cranks up the heat in Baby, laying a hand on the dash fondly. Relieved that Cas' panic from before seems to have dissipated.
“Ya’ll here to hunt vampires or make out?”
“Oh.” It isn’t enough, but he isn’t sure what to say.
“Right, right, right, um, so it’s—
Dean’s blood boils at the dig. What's worse is that he can hear his own voice in John’s carefully constructed sentences; can hear his own fucking
Last night,
She signs the word
“What?” He brother is instantly shy and defensive, “They’re both green, both plants, both inedible. It’s Cas, he’s not gonna know the difference. He's just gonna wake up and be starving and boom—” He slides the bacon onto the plate with a flourish.
“Negatory, went Solo.
?” He stares over at Cas. “Is this a dream? Can you still dreamwalk and shit?”
“But it
“Which shit?" He asks, "The part where he defended our best friend against a homophobic asshole? Or when he actually let himself be happy after spending most of his life being brainwashed by our crap childhood?” He steps aside, gesturing for John to pass.
“Uh, I uh, I knew, I knew something was different, after I came back— when I saw me, and Cas from the like alternate timeline shitscape back in ’09—”
make us even.” The first figure says dryly, both hands scrubbing the filth from his face. Cas is smiling faintly and nods, crouched next to him.
The Angel is already staring down at his bare feet, the vacant look returning.
“He was
The angel cuts him off, exploding forward in a flurry of motion and energy; Dean is kissed, savored, devoured. He can’t help but arch up into the feeling of Cas’ tongue sliding against his, and chapped lips on his own.
“Dean— if you are ill—“
Cas' face scrunches slightly, “More of a... war-
and the 6 pack he’d downed within the last hour doesn’t help.
.” The hunter’s face seems faintly embarrassed and dangerously soft in his peripherals.
during the heat of post-battle…” Now that he’s saying it out loud he’s starting to understand Cas’ very unreadable and highly squinty expression in the moment. That paired with the immediate call for a veteran hunter to deal with another nest had left very little time to… discuss.
PS: This whole fic was moderately inspired by Tumblr, and the The Assembly EP by Amber run. Go listen, it'll make you real sad.
Cas doesn’t say that he allows his vessel to age so that he may protect Dean in a face the hunter knows until he passes off the mortal coil to Jack’s new heaven. Dean will always have Castiel,
They’re kneeling on the floor, leaning into one another, breath coming faster, Cas is still holding his hand and kissing in the most Cas way, like it’s the only thing he cares about in this moment and
By his reckoning, he has six broken fingers… maybe seven. They started with his hands, he couldn’t fault them; It was torment 101. Work your way in. Make it count without too much blood-loss.
May arrives.
Dean takes a breath and goes on. “It wasn’t a lie. None of it. The uh, the dinner and the clothes and the…I wanted it, I wanted
After that, Garth, or Jody and the girls always seem to stop by on random days: he wonders if they have some sort of "Check on Dean" sign-up sheet in the bunker. He forces himself not to look for it the next time he visits.
“Bet he took that well.” She snorts, “It’s human custom to ask the father for permission.”
It’s been hard enough to wait for the right moment, fantastically he discovered that Cas gets embarrassed by his big displays of affection and Dean is strung together with self-loathing and big moments, so he figures maybe he can compromise and grab him tonight when all the Christmas festivities are winding down.
“The Empty is very old and
Cas breaks the kiss first, cause well, they’re both human now and need to breathe and shit. Dean fights the urge to follow Cas’ lips backwards with a whine like a needy high schooler.
The magic in his blood sings, his palms itch with the feel of old magic. His mother would be telling him to get the hell out and to high ground, that any beings who feel like
Eileen is home and she loves margaritas nearly as much as she loves him. As he crosses the threshold into the kitchen he pauses, unable to fully process what he sees.
Cas laughs and it’s music.
“Sure.”
He stares at his hands, and waits.
He’s struck by the sudden anxiety that this might be one of those moments where Dean attempts to be his wingman. He isn’t sure if he’s mentally prepared to rebuff Dean’s insistence that he needs some sort of physical intimacy with a woman to get back on the mend.
Maybe
to Eileen.” Cas hisses, flipping their positions with ease; pinning Dean’s wrist to the wall, kissing him breathless. “You are being
happy you decided to…
“You’re wrong.” Dean sneaks a piece of bacon when the angel looks up in confusion. “I was never obsessed with hallmark.”
His brother closes his eyes, gripping the edge of the sink so tight that his knuckles turn white. “I don't know what to say." He mutters, hand bleeding through the paper towel, less angry now.
“…Well, I don’t know, why don’t we find out from the man himself, Cas—” Dean is saying something, but his easy, charming smile isn’t focused on her,
Cas makes a soft noncommittal noise, then there’s a shuffle of clothes and a warm hand sliding around the side of Dean's neck and lifts his face up, and then they’re kissing.
“Honestly always wondered if it was as soft as it looked.” Cas looks down sharply but Dean’s focus is back on finishing the laces of his second shoe.
“I am familiar with the concept. Bunny ears and... holes…”
Cas blinks into place outside the house— he frowns— it doesn't even look like the same house Dean nervously toured him all those nights ago.
“Have you two kissed and made up?”
“No? Why in the hell— wait, why would you let your vessel age? Don’t you guys normally use angel juice to keep it all fresh and perky once you get attached?"
“Oh buddy, that is a completely different question.” Dean laughs and sniffles slightly, he swallows and feels thick. “But, maybe tonight I just kinda want to chill.”
He also doesn’t want to admit that he’s half hoping one of the meetings includes Cas, but if he sees him what the hell would he even say?
Now the sullenness, another classic Dean defense mechanism, anger then petulance.
Claire." A horrific thought strikes him. "Did you show that shit to Cas?”
“Because… It’s your room.” All of his normal charm evaporates like smoke.
“Are you out of things that happened in my reality so you are reduced to fabricating now? Are you able to do that now? Because I do not recall this dream either. I do not understand why you show me—”
His shoulders sag with relief, words rushing out in haste. “Dean did— he, he, he asked me to be his…” He struggles for the right word.
“You guys done?” Sam leans around the corner with a grin and one massive hand over his eyes, “I have a pure mind, so seeing my brother stick his tongue in my best friend’s mouth would like
“I’m just gonna be honest Dean, and please don’t get pissed…again. I’m trying to work through this
Another Hunter appears, interrupting his trepidation. Sam notes Cas shifts his chair closer to Dean to make room at the table, Dean runs his hand down Cas’ elbow, as he fills the new coffee mug; his brother’s already up and headed back toward the stove, offering food over his shoulder, to the new arrivals, limping slightly.
Liam shrinks back, Dean Winchester is taller than he expected, his aura up close is an intense, cool green color unusually shattered and torn; the cracks are mended neatly with a nearly blinding thread of blue gold.
Dean watches his husband, unimpressed with his ability and still obviously besotted.
“I’d be pissed at you— For warping us— But I was also kinda worried about getting back up the stairs.”
They walk out back next to the lake, and Sam shows him how he can throw clay pigeons with his mind.
“Say it again.” He asks. “Please Dean.”
Cas seems to relax, nodding faintly, Dean becomes aware of his hands still holding Cas'. He drops them nervously and clears his throat.
“I mean.. Cas is…
Cas nods, his eyes proud, “My son, Jack.”
“I guess you and Cas made up?”
cassette deck twenty-four fuckin’ seven—”
Sam and Eileen are starting to send out the Witch and Hunter cooperative teams they’ve been dreaming up for the past year. Garth travels and finds families of Non-humans that want peace and might be willing to stand up and change things.
Castiel winces at the hunter’s anger. At least they are back in territory he feels accustomed to: Dean angry with him about something neither of them completely understand. It is far more familiar than whatever had been happening the past few days.
Honestly, he’s mostly annoyed that this is gonna set back repairs for months.
Castiel takes off his suit jacket, folding it neatly and placing it on the nearby chair.
“Dean this is, it’s pretty huge… I mean, when did you start you know uh, having these sort of feelings…” Sam winces, this is absolutely uncharted territory and this coming from a family that spent most of the last year trying to kill god.
Cas tugs Dean closer to his side so he can maneuver around him with both hands.
lives. Stupid fucking messed up bullshit from day one.
Dean shrugs, they’re still inches apart, he’s still a little shivery with everything that’s so suddenly and literally in his lap.
“Winchesters? I’m surprised ya’ll don’t know them, sorta kinda legendary assholes, at least over here in
Dean tends to throw himself into what he cares about with a reckless abandon that leans toward suicidal obsession.
“It’s just…very boring.” Jack replies pitifully,
helps a guy get his head out of his ass.” Sam says dryly.
Dean, just as much as you are—“
He doesn’t notice that Cas has Dean crowded against the counter, his fingers threaded through Dean’s hair, neck exposed, Dean’s hands midway through working Cas’ jeans off.
He wonders if Cas remembers.
Dean figures, busy is better than nothing, and he’s never worked on a Camaro.
“And you never felt like it might be worth sharing?”
Sam, and I couldn’t ever—trust, him. Not completely. Even though I knew he loved me… he didn’t understand.”
, he realizes that there is not enough paper in the world to hold all that he would be willing to say about the man frowning down at a sketchbook with charcoal smeared down the side of his face.
He cries, blames the champagne, stupid bubbly shit.
The corner of Jack’s mouth tilts up, his eyes, open now, are still faintly gold, proud that he is able to find the knowledge, for his family.
Dean reaches out grabbing Cas’ sleeve, stilling his movement. “Did I say I wanted you to leave?”
Oddly, the return to routine calms Cas enough for him to down half of the
It’s still raining.
with the rescue of Dean, I’m surprised it held together with all of your—“ He gestures vaguely around his head with a bored grandiose. “I’d be furious with you, if you hadn’t been rescuing most of heaven and hell and the love of your life I suppose.”
Eileen is my favorite.
, I don’t
There’s no danger, No monsters. No reason to fear.
what it’s cost us.”
Liam, nods, watching the way the taller leans to say something private into the blue eyed one’s ear. The second smiles faintly, nodding at whatever is said his startling eyes traveling around the room with something more terrifying than mere curiosity. His attention shifts to the group of men who’d stopped in front of them, offering his hand in greeting.
“Santa’s Elves.” His voice, suddenly mock-serious. Cas’ concern is immediate.
—and since you’ve become heaven’s top bounty hunter, you and I both know that demons and naughty angels alike are going to come for him to get to you—“
"Oh like we
Cas doesn’t respond, blinks away the moisture that rises to his eyes, focuses on anything other than Dean who won’t shut up and just sleep for once.
“So are we like,”
Cas’ breath stutters, his fingers slip on the side of the book.
“That’s not what I’m saying at all and you know it.” Sam tucks his hair behind his ears. “I’m— I’m worried about you, both of you.
“What happened?” Cas asks, and Sam makes no attempt to hide the relief in his face, he takes a moment; waves at Balthazar.
, got him cleaned up, new sheets, new clothes, no empty goo all over ‘em, and uh… you know, talked to him about what he’d missed until he fell asleep.”
“Not—“ Sam sighs, he wasn’t mentally prepared for jealousy to be part of this conversation. “
Sam nods trying to hide his surprise.”Oh. Well, I wouldn’t have called unless we had exhausted all the other— you were the last resort, trust me. Eileen figured you might be able to zero in on his location:
“Hello Dean.”
the fajitas this morning. You were correct, it tasted much better.”
“You’ll see on Christmas Morning, sweetheart.” Dean pauses. “And if you use your Angel mojo to try and figure out your gift, I will kick your ass.”
Cas jerks awake to the sound of a knock at the door, sweaty palm already searching for his angel blade. His human heart pounds; it feels like there’s tiny needles pushing into his forehead.
Dean takes a gulp of his whiskey and nods, staring at the wall, not seeing. “Uh-huh.”
night.”
Without thinking, he places his warm hand over Dean’s, pulling his attention from the introspective shame, to the angel’s face.
Jack sounded like this when he used to read him stories before sleep, never wanted to let go of the moment, even as his questions became less and less coherent.
"I mean, okay, hear me out."
They’re nothing formal not even really aimed toward anyone in particular, little snippets and stories from the day before, stuff about
Cas watches him with sticky concern, by now others are being dragged back through the tear, all in similar states of confusion and disarray.
He whispers into Cas’ skin, his heart pounds with the blinding clarity of it. He looks up, impulsiveness driving, and moves to kiss him, this time going for the lips, clumsy; his balance is shit, he fumbles forward mostly brushing the Angel’s chin and cheek.
nstinct kicking in before Dean's brain has even sort of engaged—
Plus, we are gonna need light at this point, and I don’t want to explain to Sam how ya busted every bulb in the damn room.”
He can smell the coffee Erin is brewing, hears the bell over the door ding, first couple customers of the day— early risers, night shift people, some hunters too. Erin’s cheerful voice echoes faintly, she’s good about calling when she needs his help, and he’s gotten pretty adept at using the massive espresso machine on the bar.
believe you were 100% straight after the
Sam cuts across him with bitchy glee, “—And
. Dean notes. My
pain who the fuck cares? Suffering
Dean's frantic motion freezes; the water spills over the edge of the glass pot. Sam watches his brother's shoulders square in bristly indignation.
It makes sense, a Dean sort of sense, a
Oh. Dean thinks,
Cas wonders how he can truthfully articulate what he, a celestial soldier of heaven, had felt then— what he feels now— sitting on the hood of the impala with this man while the stars shine above them.
“I was not.”
Belphegor laughs from his knees,
“Hey dude, don’t shoot the messenger, just a couple days ago you were still processing the fact that he told you he loved you
.” He gasps, and everything compresses into the feeling of Cas inside him, moving and filling, he gasps.
Balthazar shrugs, “He thinks it makes him mysterious when he does it.” He says; snaps his fingers and he’s holding a goblet. “May I offer you a Shiraz in these trying times?"
“I see.” The rain tapping on the window grows louder. Full blown Kansas storm.
“When?” Sam’s trying to be patient, but his brother is sometimes the most controlling dipshit and he’s not going to watch him fuck up things with Cas. He
, but i’ve changed and grown. okay?  And he believed in me, believed in a better me, Wanted me to be the
“Cas, I made uh, fajitas, there’s leftovers on the… top… shelf.” The Angel is already shoulders deep in the fridge by the time he finishes his sentence.
“Ah, But
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas makes a soft noise of agreement and leans closer. Dean smiles and turns to press a soft kiss to his Angel’s temple, and then one to the back of his wrist.
“Yeah if you like him.” She laughs. “Why do you think he kicked you out of shopping? He’s trying to get you a surprise.”
It has to happen soon.
. But still...” Dean snorts and passes a hand through his hair, only just realizing that he hasn’t actually slept in at least a day. “Seeing you with that gun...”
“Oh whoa hey, just me Cas— Just me.”
echoing the sentiment when Cas first came back from the Empty.
the man waiting for him had been possessed, but he said he had
Sam’s eyes are wide, mouth open, Dean doesn’t wait for an answer.
He sighs deeply, “
He tries to think about it candidly, tries to ignore the dread that settles low in his gut at the thought of losing whatever it is they’ve had over the past few days.
Jack’s smile is wide,
Dean catches Cas’ troubled gaze and holds it, crosses the empty kitchen and pulls Cas to his feet, inserting himself firmly between the two men.
Dean drops his eyes to the sketch, shading a pair of cheekbones; adding a fine dusting of stubble, “You haven’t said my favorite one yet.” He adds without looking up,
Dean wonders if he lost more than time and grace in the Empty, everything leading up to the moment he was taken seem to be unclear or lost. The hunter sure as hell has no idea how to even bring It up.
let them do that to her.” He finally gets out. “Or you.” He adds, already reaching across the table, his fingers barely brush the back of Castiel’s knuckles before he catches himself; jerks his hand backward.
—Oh uh, hey there, Cas.”
He told Dean sourly that it was part of his becoming more and more human; changing his appetite, his sleep habits, even his expressions. Everything was become more and more tactile, a weapon of light and vengeance made flesh.
Cas says each word with perfect cadence, eyes already back on the book he’s been reading before bed, sleep apparently no longer important what with birthday gifts and whatnot.
“—So, uh, who else would you allow to use your meat suit?” Dean can’t resist, even though he isn’t sure he wants the answer.
embarrassing topics, but he feels like it’s been a big day for Dean. Perhaps they can circle back around tomorrow,
bed and breakfast for like— for hunters. You know, a place to rest, to swap information, a library, maybe even a bar… they’re talking about maybe changing how hunters work— making it better— and Cas, i’m gonna be honest with you, I, I think I’ve earned it. We need a break,”
“Yes. It did.” Cas informs him gravely. “You were very brave Dean.”
he’s strong, that is
Cas grabs the gift triumphantly, pleased with how steady his hands are these days, the jacket coming out next for good measure. Dean’s been complaining about him stealing the leather one so often. He’s about to toss the jacket on the bed and hurry back— he can already hear Dean shouting his name.
“Never too late.” Dean gestures with his head to the dark behind them. "When I park, grab the cooler in the backseat, it’s gonna be cold as fuck out there.”
“You haven’t told him yes?”
“Cas.” He sighs, he feels too warm and annoyed with himself. “You’re the best friend I’ve ever had— no, shut up, Sam’s my brother, and you— you’re my best friend. Of course I like spending time with you. I mean… I also like seeing you naked— it’s a very confusing turn of events to be honest. I feel like I’m handling it
“Goodbye Dean.”
“But—that wasn’t—not just for like— you know— sex— um, that doesn’t excuse how I… I treated you. How I’ve always… treated you… But, I lied to you and I, Cas I need you to understand how sorry I am. For being selfish... for how angry I was, how I handled all of it.”
“Seems embarrassing for you.”
.” Dean’s pretty sure
human looks sufficiently dazed, mouth still slightly parted, tongue sneaking out to swipe along the still slick bottom lip, eyes hooded.
He takes Cas' hands, pulling them from over his ears.
Sam knows this isn’t the time to argue with Dean about how wrong he is about his own worth, another time, “So what changed.”
Castiel could swear that he hears a chuckle, but when he looks up at her, she’s blank once more.
“My garrison, we were created for the hallowed art of battle. Warriors, assigned to protect and watch over earth until the arrival of the final day. We were renowned and feared among the legions of the adversary, and even
“I have returned for all who you devoured!” He roars, his voice thundering across the vacuum, he thinks of all those lost and in pain, his wings unfurl with a roll of thunder, his grace intensifies, tearing at the seams of this vessel. “You
No, Not
“Yeah I know. I
He reaches out, placing a careful hand on the angel’s shoulder. Not the best way to handle trauma victims but he can’t help himself,
She and Kaia have a hunt in the morning, both Cas and Dean gently proud of how long she had stayed.
“I did as much healing as I could. Belphegor used a specific type of weapon on you, cursed by fallen angels. Those wounds resisted my grace.” He shifts slightly, a scowl contorting his features at the mention of the demon. “Dean. Why didn’t you pray? I heard them ask—“
“Larger than most.”
Finding a place that suits all of their tastes had become more and more difficult as the years passed. Stereotypically though, the establishment made it on the list if they had a pool table, cheap beers and some form of bacon cheeseburger.
“Yeah well. I need another drink. Goddamn chick flick nonsense.”
— wanna help Cas no matter what, but... we need context to look into this. Look— I’m your brother, and you can trust me."
“I know.” Cas’ voice is nearly a whisper. He hopes for both their sakes, that Dean sleeps soon, this is too much for him.
He debates for a hot second trying to explain that concept to Castiel "breaker of beds"and angel of "most recently Thursday, but also blowing Dean’s back out", and knows that neither of them would last a day.
When he opens his eyes, they shine with fire, his blade is open in the air, shimmering and wreathed in flame. He takes a step forward, the darkness at his feet retreats with every step. This time, he feels the movement of spirits around him, the countless nameless multitudes beginning to stir, roused from their deep slumber by his words and memories.
Dean mentally notes that they might have to talk to Sam about customizing some sort of perimeter warning spell.
He slams Dean backward into the door hard enough to knock the breath out of him, his hands clench around Dean’s collar, twisting until Dean tilts down to his height. His surprise is obvious, Dean still expects the same virtuous Angel who looked panicked inside a brothel. But Cas has spent twelve years wanting Dean Winchester.
The door opens, the bed dips, he ignores it, keeping his cheek against the cool wall, willing his heart to slow, his thoughts to stop their screaming spiral.
.“ Sam exhales, he forgot how annoying angels are about blipping out with no warning.
is listen to people talk.
“Uh-huh,” Balthazar intones sympathetically, “And clearly you made the most of that eh?” He tilts his head back and smiles, the blade reflects moonlight as he tosses it. “So, I ask again, what’s the plan: are you going to just tie him up in the basement to keep all comers from wreaking revenge on him? Come by every couple days to make sure he’s sated?” His eyes go hazy, Castiel clears his throat. “I wonder though, if I could start some sort of
He’s too tired to argue with Dean tonight. He can’t let it sit for long, staying is too risky; his human nature makes him vulnerable. Now, with no purpose, and no war to win, it’s too easy to talk, to smile, to allow himself little daydreams.
Maybe that’s okay.
“Hello Sam.” He says, gravely as usual, hair wild and messy, a bag of shredded cheese in hand.
"Sammy, What did she say? All I saw was quiet, um,
,” He repeats, dropping the rare, attention-grabbing use of the Angel’s full name for the second time that night. “There ya are, Cas, this here’s, my friend… Erin, she wants to know if we’d rather have a booth or table?”
Sam turns to Dean, eyes serious.
what?”
, they wanna make the bunker, like, a—a—
loud here. And I'm so tired, I’m so tired."
He bristles. She can’t see him but she can literally feel it.
"I do not believe this is interfering." He says unrepentantly,
“You’re not going be able to heal him easily.” Says the man, it must be a dream, he knows the owner of those voices, all long dead. “Rowena might be able to help.”
“No like, Chuck
He was.
His brother is humming, making coffee and pancakes, apron’s tied off around his waist, hotdog pajama bottoms on display. Cas is sitting at the bar, signing animatedly to Eileen, who is laughing infectiously.
After their fight in the car, he’d pouted like a middle schooler. Cas had made no attempt to continue the conversation, instead staring hard out the window.
“Bingo baby.” She sits on the hood of an abandoned car, crosses her legs. “I got rid of most of the basic wards without em’ noticing, you two can go in there now but your fancy jazz hands trick isn’t gonna cut it.” She shrugs. “Don’t look at me like that— they woulda noticed If I took down anything else.” She winks at Balthazar. “I figured, you’d be okay since there are two of you? I’m sure I don’t have to say it but, Rowena will be pleased if you bring the demons inside back intact—” She sighs, Castiel is already striding toward the warehouse. “
Nose: smashed flat, breathing is sharp and painful; pretty sure a cheekbone shattered when they jumped him.
“Yep, their son, well he’s a deity now, so the rumor goes. Deals his judgment out of their damn back yard, angels coming and going at all hours.” She rolls her eyes, “I can’t keep track half the time, and if you ask Dean you’re gonna get all sorts of made up nonsense.”
“I’m sure Sammy loves that.” He’s still distracted, shadowboxing, he doesn’t notice the Angel stiffen.
" His voice breaks on the last few words, turns and slams the empty coffee cup into the sink, shoulders dipping in weariness, head bowed.
“It has been bothering you hasn’t it?”
is— you ready? He died for
Cas is sleepless and constant, making trip after trip into the Rift pulling out friend and foe alike.
“I uh, brought you some stuff,” In a very non-Dean manner, he waits for the angel to react.
l won’t come for
, Witch
“Go back to sleep,”
"Who are you?"
In their time before, Cas was a man dying of thirst surrounded by ocean that wouldn’t satisfy, and now, he could subsist on the sounds spilling from Dean Winchester.
much like him.
freak me out as much as I thought,
Cas is a wonder. A man of deep kindness and grace. He is a roman candle made flesh. Dean can barely tear his eyes away even when his heart races and his mind statics and all he hear is his father’s words screamed over and over.
Dean is off the bed and next to Cas in a second, crouching down, taking in the matted hair, the emaciated face filthy with dried black ooze. The Angel’s eyes are afraid, but still predatory, a cornered but dangerous being.
They’ve only talked about her once. Sam told the rest privately with a deep and unforgiving regret, one that Castiel isn’t sure will ever truly heal.
Castiel’s heart shudders, one word punching through his emotional defenses.
They hiss, the places where the light touches the Empty screams.
By default, hunters don’t particularly enjoy large crowds of people as they tend to congregate in places where there are too many exits to cover.
matter." Cas informs matter-of-factly, "So this does.”
The awkward silence had only grown since he had assured her of Sam and Dean’s safety. Mary Winchester, formidable even in paradise, had allowed him into her home and immediately offered coffee.
A dried red handprint. The faintest flicker, the shiver of almost memory.
but excellent at reading one person in particular,
The only place left is Dean’s heavy wardrobe, an original to the bunker, He sighs and pulls the thick wooden doors open. Digging aimlessly, until he sees a glint of tacky red paper tucked behind familiar dark green fabric.
Dean rolls his eyes, motioning rapidly for Jack to continue.
, apologetic toward the king and his bride all those centuries ago that he had regarded with such disdain.
” Dean’s instinctive pout deepens, “Wait— does angel marriage even exist?”
"Then be serious Dean, and actually tell me all of it, cause all you've done so far, is drink and hide in the damn bunker." He sighs, "I don't know to help you cause won't talk to me, without…” He inclines his head toward the smaller pieces of the coffee cup in the sink, the bloodstained paper towel still clenched in Dean's hand.
And talking it out like this has been,” He blows air through this nose. “Honestly it’s been great—weird as hell, but great. I just don’t want you rush into having something with Cas, because you’re actually letting yourself
A strangled gasp comes out of the Angel’s lips, Dean is smiling even with his mouth full of Cas, humming happily while the Angel’s grip tightens, and he allows the Cas to guide his mouth back and forth. Gagging softly, the tip rubs the back of his throat; Cas rotates his hips in small motions, bringing tears to Dean’s eyes.
gay, but it won’t be weird, cause they’re
“John Winchester.” The angel says, screams (growls) his face marble and
“Really Dean?”
Cas wonders now, if
He hears the question in Sam's voice, the barely controlled curiosity.
A warm feeling settles over Dean’s person, safety, contentment. Odd and unfamiliar in his life; still so strange even in the past few months. This,
.” The voice is softer, begging, he can feel warm hands on his face, not harming, cradling. “Please come back.”
synonym for old. Are you going to say
He pushes himself to his feet, wincing, forgetting about his injuries and how long it takes humans to heal, tipping slightly— Dean’s next to him immediately, arm around his waist.
, I swear to god, if you don’t get in the damn bed and cuddle with me, I’m gonna scream.” He sounds petulant, he doesn’t care. He’s sick.
“No.” Cas frowns, “I mean, yes, I knew Balthazar for eons Dean. Murdering him is one of my biggest regrets— but that has nothing to do with why I marked—“
The voice tears into his calm like a wild thing, deep and hoarse and as familiar as his own.
“Whatever, fuck you.” Dean grumbled, but his eyes crinkle “This isn’t even about me.”
“I do some of my best work due to adrenaline and bloodlust.” Dean retorts, with a wry grin, Cas does not respond.
“Cas says context is
Cas swallows, the familiar tang of lust building at the sight, he pulls Dean into a heated kiss, hand wrapped around his neck, the lamp in the corner begins to buzz.
Sam had just begun to doze before startling to a loud banging on the door. He reaches for Eileen, relieved to find her peacefully asleep. He lays, heart racing,
, the angel's a stubborn bastard.
“Feel?” She supplies and he pulls a face.
“Because I could protect you.” Cas retorts roughly, his inflection indicating that this is
“Isn’t that part of it though? The pain and the endless cycling arguments and little growths, and decisions? Isn’t that what made you love humanity in the first place, their constant circle of messy choices? Rebelling for Dean would not seem to be the easy option and yet you made it without hesitation as I recall, in fact, you
Cas stares at him waiting for the other shoe to drop. It doesn’t. Dean barrels on,
Dean laughs.
It’s not like he can suggest cooling off their current schedule of fucking on every surface in their house
Minds.” He pauses, “Like the X-Men.”
A sound so familiar, the rustle of wind and wings. Sam turns and there he is, dressed in his usual, though he seems tired. His broad shoulders forced ramrod straight.
A phantom pain, irrecoverable loss. Worse than death because it isn’t death. Cas is alive he just doesn’t want to see Dean.
Cas sighs, “Because your brother wanted to take
understand why they wrote what they did,” He adds sincerely,
Cas says,
Castiel bends, murmurs soft words into his ear. Then nods to Balthazar, with a single cut the chain holding Dean aloft is severed; he falls into Cas’ waiting arms.
with him is cause I feel like, some sort of…
“Oh” Sam remains neutral. “What about him and Meg? And that other chick...”
“No Dean, you’re right.” Sam rotates so his whole focus is on his brother, smiling apologetically. “I’m sorry. People change, and If there’s anyone who should be able to acknowledge it, it’s us— Okay, hot hostess, Date with Castiel… keep going…”
you two." Sam slams the book shut, surprising Castiel, before stomping off. "Just
It’s not the first time he’s done this: mind filling with old memories of truck stops and bar alleys when John wouldn’t come home on time and the cash he left ran low. Of warm breath that smelled like cheap beer and felt like shame. Of faded bills dropped on the pavement with a snicker and the sound of a zipper.
“Yeah, yeah, I know.” He plays with the keys still in the ignition, “You know, we have a lot of extra bedrooms. And uh, you’re pretty above average for an ex-angel…”
Even before they arrived at the warehouse, he knew they probably never had Claire. He was the only human in the vicinity, flitting black eyes and inhuman movements under soft skin all around. They stared with either fear or contempt and each new glance was followed up with a new kind of pain.
Cas frowns. “It is obligatory to have a gift?”
Dean can almost hear the oozing sound of darkness.
“Dean?”
“It’s pretty bad today isn’t it?” A tentative hand brushes across his shoulders, the hunter fingers trail across his shoulder blades, he nearly shrieks.
please before I get even
“You never asked.”
Liam wonders if this is normal, somehow he knows it is.
Dean’s already stomping past like a pillar of fire made human, and is peevishly yanking random food from the fridge.
He takes in a shaky breath.
“So you gave me old shoes.” Cas asks tonelessly, still grouchy. “How generous.”
Sam chuckles,
—“ Cas twists around and shakes his head adamantly, “You see—“
“Yep. We know. I checked this morning.” Sam retorts. “I’m distracted, Cas, not a complete jackass. I go over there at least once a week— do you really think I’d leave him alone after what happened on Christmas—“ He ignores Cas’ dark look, Balthazar’s ears practically perk up at the potential gossip. Sam would bet money Cas has been less than forthcoming about his time on Earth, and they are
“—Yeah… sure.”
face.” Cas seethes desperately, tightening his grip, forcing the entirety of Dean’s attention back to the eyes of feral angel straddling him.
“Not Sam’s ribs?”
“Cas—
Then the less startling realization, He's
“Well… I mean, you’re god, so I guess, it’s kinda your call anyway—“ Cas squeezes his thigh tighter,
“Mornin’ Dean.” Erin says brightly, the chilly autumn air clearly not as bothersome to her as it was to him. “You’re in early.”
“Who popped the question?” She asks wryly.
“We can’t be the only ones who hold the line Dean.” Sam’s eyes begged him to understand. “If we’re the only ones who can stop
that track record.”
“That was— that was only a shadow, my true form would destroy your mind and leave you a gibbering fool.”
what’s the plan?” Balthazar’s voice is low, nearly bored.
, it looks like I’m… just a little slow on the uptake,” He sips his coffee, if only to stop himself from talking,
One of those people he “wasn’t attached” to was now on the other side of the bathroom door, and
“No beers for me tonight, sorry Er— gotta get home to decorate the… house.”
He touches it softly, twisting the tag,
The wind is loud against the strength of the house; it creaks, old and talkative in the Kansas night.
Liam looks for the joke in her cheeky words, there is none.
Couple stickie notes on the fridge: deadlines, phone numbers, recipes, all liberally splashed with way too many question marks.
"Sure, sure, and how does
“—I understand.” Cas cuts in. “Have you checked his room at the bunker?”
” Cas quotes softly,
“I don’t know.” Dean says awkwardly, honestly, tiredly, “Didn’t think it mattered enough, I already knew the answer, I was just...” He shrugs.
“Of course,” He replies without hesitation. “I will be different. There is a process, it will allow me to experience most things in your way. But not wholly human.” He reaches out and places a gentle hand on Dean’s chin, lifting Dean’s eyes, and they spark with something. “How else would I keep you safe?”
Dean was actually looking forward to chatting with Cas this morning— like fucking best friends. But his fucking dad had to go and barge in like a—
He can feel the way his vessel strains around the shape of his true form. There are eyes manifesting; strings of Enochian symbols swirl midair forming rings in the eerie light, they spread out and around him. Six Wings made of a darkness that is deep, and is not absence but rich and substantial and shimmering with energy, flare out and above him, towering and magnificent.
The wood floors gleam in the warm light; the grey-blue paint is fresh and neat, the house smells like cinnamon and leather.
this, “I mean you still did all the stuff I suggested.”
?” Dean’s head snaps around so fast Cas is vaguely concerned about his neck, “
The door slams inward, two beautiful and terrifying creatures burst in, their swords gleam like fire and ice, their presence suffocates with barely repressed grace.
and your fucking judgy hair and stupid goddamn kale smoothies
“C’mon
“Learn that from the pizza man?” Dean whispers half-cheeky, half-frustrated, Cas pulls them free, his thumb moving to rest on Dean’s bottom lip, worrying it with his thumbnail.
“You hair is long.” He states with wonder, thumb and forefinger tugging gently in his faraway Cas way, he tips Dean’s face down to kiss him, this time deeply, with intent obvious and for the first time with such freedom.
Dean nods seriously in response, his fingers fidget with the silver wedding band inlaid with more of that blue-gold light. Liam centers himself, a bit more cautious now, squinting at them carefully, nervous about any further dramatic alternate plane shifts.
A rush of wind, the rustle of feathers and he’s gone.
Cas' eyes pass over Dean and lock, brow furrowing very slightly, Jack is still talking. But everything else is very far away.
’ and jump right into, your heaven is with Dad?”
Dean.” Castiel asks, staring apprehensively at the plate of bacon and eggs which lay untouched on the bed beside him, “Tell me something that only Dean Winchester would know.”
“Well, well,” he comments from the kitchen table, “How are we this evening?” He takes in their mutual ‘just been fucked’ vibe with his normal air of amusement.
“I dunno it wasn’t really the time to explore— After
No weapons in sight.
joke about making out with you.” He’s smiling again, heart in his eyes. “But I’m starting to think you don’t wanna kiss me and that sorta hurts my—“
Sam snorts unexpectedly, apparently Doctor Phil was
are the Matriarch of the family and Dean… agreed with my logic." He adds quickly, "And I am visiting Bobby after this.”
. I do not ever wish you to be lonely. I wish for you to choose what you think is best for you, Jack. Life is not about destiny. It is about doing the best you can with the time given.”
They make a game of it, Sam winging the pigeons into the air with a flick of his head; Dean cracks one eye and shoots each one; his hands don’t shake for the first time in years.
“Yeah, you know, the holiday, the reason there’s lights and trees, Santa, baby Jesus. Ringing any bells? You’re an Angel… isn’t this like required learning in angel kindergarten?”
would you need to clear up with Cas?” A familiar rage curls up around Dean’s heart and sits coiled like a snake.
They’re significant, those three words, he says them like he hopes Cas understands what they really mean.
The restaurant is not what Cas expects.
whine.
“I have.”
When Dean hears Cas’ voice finally. it’s so quiet and hopeless that he has to resist the urge to drape himself around the angel and talk him into being okay, just like he would do, (had done) for himself.
Cas clearly doesn’t know how to respond, choosing to take a drink from the thermos instead. The hunter eyes the motion,
Dean isn’t sure he’s ever really experienced something this intense, he feels dizzy.
Cas’ eyes widen, Dean backpedals.
He told Sam via text that he'd celebrated 30 days sober. Less than a second later and Sam's name pops up on the caller ID, startling him.
of Conquest." He supposes it was funnier in Enochian.
It wasn’t a simple job.
Sam tucks an errant strand of hair behind his ear. "I just think, maybe you should be careful. Okay? You know I'm here for you, and Eileen and I—
“This does not qualify as a ‘chick-flick’ moment?” He teases.
“Why would you think he was with me?” The hunter asks gruffly,
Tesla!”
Then Dean had— his chest feels warm at the memory.
"Well, yeah Dean, We. Everyone who knew you two saw that you were important to each other. And I mean, can you blame us? If Cas was in trouble there wasn’t anything that could stop you. You
“After Naomi reached into my head and
“In the gas station?”
The Angel frowns, nods once, removes his coat and borrowed boots, folding them neatly, stripping down to a t-shirt and a pair of boxers.
.” Her voice turns teasingly snooty, pinky up dramatically.
“I—“ Cas aborts his own sentence with a click of teeth that makes Dean wince; the Angel’s face crumples into a deeper frown. “I’m sure it is unimportant.”
Sam doesn’t have enough time to unpack all the deep underlying things in
He’s pressing in deeper, fucking Dean’s lips sloppy; the hunter resists the urge to close his eyes, tears leaking, but he keeps eye contact as Cas’ palm cups the side of his face.
It scares them half to death the first time Jack pops into the map-room smiling his happy Jack smile and waves. They don’t know what to say until he informs them seriously that he’s hungry and misses his family and heads immediately for the fridge.
Dean shifts back out of Cas’ arms, “You’re really gonna make me say it?”
“Mmhmm. We both know that Cas isn’t like other angels, even Chuck thought—“
That when Castiel was offered heaven, it was never even a choice.
“Fine.” Dean pulls a flask from his jacket and takes a long swig, offering it to Castiel who shakes his head, watching Dean carefully.
“Cause it’s the first one with the Bunker open for business, and most hunters, well they don’t have much of a family outside of us. So Sam and Eileen want it to be special, Garth and Bess and kids are coming, Jody, the girls, Plus Jack—“
Cas doesn’t move, his brow furrows, the lamplight slows to its normal, unblinking glow.
, now that I’m thinking about it, I’d probably like it to happen more than once, and then maybe— I don’t know— have him marry me and show everyone exactly who
Cas places an arm around his shoulder and pulls the blankets more firmly around him, resting his palm against Dean’s forehead. Dean can’t remember a time when he had been sick and had someone tuck him into bed.
Cas frowns at the pile of gifts under the tree, the various wrappers and ripped paper leaving a pleasant sort of carnage. Jack is nearby, mouth full, laughing; talking animatedly to Dean who is already making faces about the healthy cinnamon roll alternative that Sam keeps getting up to check.
We made it darlings,
, you always said, that I uh, that I deserved to be happy,” He chews his lips and sighs. “But you never explained how the hell I was supposed to do that without you…” He hears a shaky breath and looks up. “Something wrong?”
Dean’s reaches for it, unwilling to let this moment pass, wanting to see all of the Angel.
“Sam and Dean right?” He hears himself say, trying to stay on topic and not stare, even though the faint glimmer in the corner of his eyes is tempting beyond belief. “The ones that stopped the apocalypse… like 6 times?”
on each other. My son, he thinks he’s better at hiding things that he actually is.”
“I am sorry if bored you, Dean.” He says, sincerely. “Jack always seemed to enjoy the account when I would tell it before bed, Though his favorite was undisputedly
“Don’t
“Oh uh…” Cas licks his chapped lips, sure that he is imagining Dean’s glance dropping to the motion. “A booth is fine, thank you.” Before saying more quietly to Dean. “Why does it matter?”
“Nah man,” Dean says roughly, "I get it, you missed me."
known he could do it? Castiel. So no, I don’t think either of us are ruined, cause it turns out
To her amusement, most hunters have heard a variety of rumors about
“I’m sorry.” He says, stumbling sideways, strategy screaming flee to a safe place and regroup.
“Stop running from me dammit.” His voice is angry belying the gentleness of his touch, his breath smells of alcohol. “All you do is fucking leave.”
"But not you.”
, fighting for freedom in heaven, saving lives, making up for… all of my choices. And then he—
“No Sam. I didn’t— me talking to you about this is like the last thing I wanted to do tonight. But if I go in there and try to talk to him about it tonight…” Dean trails off, shakes his head. “I know I’ll fuck it up even more than I already have.”
Jack kneels beside him, he nods once, a brief warm smile, letting his son know he’s okay. The body beside him is breathing faintly, begins to cough, the other is just lying there.
type of food I can remember you loving is peanut butter and jelly…”
Cas says it like it’s painfully obvious or Dean is mildly stupid, which
,” Dean whistles, joining their conversation reflexively after seeing the kid fall back against the wall. “What’d you do?”
I will anger him, and he
The water had already begun washing away the dirt, but some of the marks he had thought would be cleaned off remained, a flowerbed of mottled color across his skin. Bruises and scars and dried, partially healed wounds. Many, if not all, seem self-inflicted.
loved,
Dean lets out a shaky breath, snickers unexpectedly. “Damn, when did you google ‘how to talk to your sibling when they come out?’ I didn’t even notice.”
Balthazar follows silently, his eyes trained on his leader, watching closely for signs of distress.
.” He bursts out, teeth clenched, fighting the anxiety, locking away the deep seated emotions in the lowest part of his heart. “You don’t have to say it, I’ll pack my things.”
sake, am I on
Cas would start a revolution, even by accident. Funky little rebel.
Liam wonders if “fallen” is accurate, or if
“This is the short version?”
“I was hungry, after…” He flushes.
Cas keeps to himself for most of the first three days after "the date".
It had taken longer than expected to make it to this field, a scorched and bleak plain somewhere in a time lost. A place between, dotted with scars of bygones.
After, he gets back to the house and waters the succulents he rescued from Cas' room. He's managed to keep most of them alive.
He closes his eyes and breathes, in through the nose, out through the mouth. His whole body itches for a drink. Instead he clears his throat and steadies himself, cracks open the door and slips inside.
It’s time for Dean to sink into a different place, hell taught him more than one thing. His eye shuts:
“Oh do you?”
“Uh huh,
“Tell me what you need.” Dean’s says from his knees, penitent of his own free will. Unbowed in his devotion.
“Dean—“ Cas tries, but Dean throws out a cautioning hand, Cas' mouth snaps shut, but looks less than pleased.
“There are more inside.” He gasps through slime, “They need help getting out.”
Dean's suddenly sixteen again, trapped inside a shitty motel room; his Dad the only obstacle between him and the door.
“—It’s cause it’s not a memory Cas.
“—9 months 14 days 7 hours...” Cas corrects, raising up on his elbows, "I can tell you the seconds as well if you're interested."
human.
Dean was always very good about creating his lines in the sand; clearly establishing his rules to make plain what he and Cas mean to each other.
Cas smells blood.
Dean’s voice is relaxed, the sun paints his exposed skin with golden light. They’ve yet to leave his—
“He loves me.” Dean says, but he does see it, and he’s panicking, but he knows what it felt like last night, how waking up to him… fuck static and chick feelings and all that shit but it was one of the best mornings of his stupid tragedy of an existence.
and Cas is apparently in full agreement.
He sighs. “I... I—
The weight in his chest tightens and constricts, he pulls Dean closer, feeling him drift out into deep sleep; a single tear slips down his nose, as warm and human as the man in his arms.
Cas stares at the place where Dean touched.
“If you even think about touching him I’ll drop you right here.” Dean’s words are cold, “And, since you know me so well,
“You could have
“I know—
He reaches his hand out before him, the space around is shrieking, the face still stares.
Dean’s mouth stretches down and he shrugs. “Well… I guess the being happy… being in uh…”
was Dean’s way of letting him down easy. All of the kindness of the last few days, the random, tiny, half-dead plants showing up outside his room, the dinner, the drives, the absurd amount of time Dean has spent just hanging out in his room or pulling him into the in the kitchen while he cooks and chatters and
Dean’s proud that Cas remembered to put something on, then disappointed because the Angel wearing clothes again.
“Ah, okay." Dean ponders for a split second, "You still love me?” He asks; the angel nods.
. His mind whispers sadistically.
“I’m just gonna blaze past the words ‘
be in your—” For a split second he gets it, “You know what actually, it’s fine. Moving on.”
“Cas I’m not gonna be able to keep Jack
, even after all this talking.
Sam cocks an eyebrow, doing his best to ignore all of these suspicious little details. “Oh uh…
His eyes focused on Dean, and a thrum of energy passes through Dean’s body, Jack’s head tilts owlishly, looking like himself again, then toward the dark void of the Angel's room. "I am uncertain in exact time,” He states, his own eyes growing somber. “But it would have felt like an eternity.”
“Oh, right.” Dean's already recovering, cheeky and charming, “If that’s all it took, how did you manage to keep from jumping my bones all these years? I’m literally
If he wasn’t so torn up with emotions he might have noticed the way Dean’s mouth falls open in confusion.
The firm set of Cas’ mouth softens instantly. He nods short and tense but still. Dean smiles (apologetically) again, and sighs, straightening and bringing their conjoined hands into his lap.
He draws Dean to the edge of the bed, lifting the hunter’s knees over his shoulders, and holds him open, watching him clench on nothing.
Now, Dean
“Cas we don’t—“ He grabs Cas’ hands, stilling the motion. “We don’t have to— literally as soon as we are alone.”
Dean’s off the bed, and on him in a second,
he’s still alive. I can let our new bosses know too. Belphegor got away.”
Dean watches him run his fingers across the simple key and shrugs, “House key: my way of asking you to stay, casual right?”
He doesn’t say cuddle. Dean Winchester does not cuddle.
a pretty hot piece of ass.” He smirks, and wiggles his eyebrows suggestively.
“I could just tell—“
“Jerk.” Sam snipes. But he isn’t wrong.
“She says that Castiel is special, he’s left the empty
“I don’t know… He
“There’s no such thing as— I know what
Cas’ eyes dart to Dean who’s already staring from the stove.
With a deafening cry he is on the entity, his heads snapping, blue fire blazing, the faces of his form howling ancient words of war. He is why those mortals who witnessed the sight of an angel were too terrified to speak,
“Now hold on one goddamn— that
“Uh, Then Jack showed up here looking like a dead cat, didn’t know god could look so soaked and miserable… though we should have known after how much the kid always hated baths.” He catches himself rambling, heart aching for a simpler time. He takes a risk, placing a hand on Cas’ knee.
“Jack? The Nephil?”
"No. Say it. I don’t
Cas grabs hold of the outrageous Christmas sweater the hunter insisted on wearing and pulls Dean down for a kiss. Dean’s arms wrap around Cas’ shoulders and when he finally pulls back he’s smiling soft and earnest, and leans his forehead against the Angel’s.
“Cas, No, what the
Another noise of positive agreement.
. You’re actually sleepin’ now, so it’ll be great for you.” Dean can’t remember the last time he felt so content, who knew little spoon was this great.
Cas docilely nods, takes the coat, and spare boots. Dean oversees the process and fusses the whole time. He surveys his work and checks the weather on his phone, disappearing once again, emerging this time with a deep blue scarf. Dean drapes it around the angel's neck, and only Sam sees him secretively pull the price tags off the edge when Cas isn't paying attention.
“Nah.” He replies in between bites of a pickle. “You died of old age, I think. Your hair actually got
“You know what it means right?” Dean asks all gruff and gentle together, his lips quirk, “First, you made me the righteous man, now you’ll have to make me an honest one.”
Sam— I swear to god I’m running out of deep meaningful insights I can discover about myself.” His eyes dart to Cas, his ears turn red. “I’m done growing as a person. This is me now.”
Cas reaches back up to the waistband of the jeans, curls his fingers into the waistband of Dean’s boxers as well, firmly gripping the tops of both garments in a fisted wad of fabric. In the still air, the rumbled sound of clothing being swiftly and viciously pulled down and out of the way might as well be a thunderclap. Shock briefly registers in Dean’s eyes – maybe shock that this was actually happening. But it’s swiftly replaced by an eager, roguish, “aren’t-I-a-charmer” smile that starts small but quickly blooms.
He slowly cracks open one eye. It’s semi-dark and shadowed.
Dean lunges back in, “So, uh, Eileen and Sam. They’re a couple now, you
Is what he means.
Cas pushes past all of these little things with a gentle touch here, a glance there, keeping his gaze forcibly clinical and uninterested, as though the house itself doesn’t smell and feel like Dean. His throat constricts, chest tightening.
’ sections once Cas is introduced.”
“Husband.” She supplies, old-fashioned like that, mouth warm around the word.
“I would have noticed legions. I
to touch Dean, as I am only very recently human.”
“Always missed you. Every time.” Dean is mumbly, fading.
? What memory.”
His human vocal cords betray him and his voice cracks.
“I believe so.”
Norman f*****g Rockwell - Lana Del Rey
Krissy drags her attention back to Liam, her hunter instinct somehow sensing his fascination. She blinks and glances between his nervous swallow and the men at the far side of the room.
It’s only then that he realizes that Krissy is still talking,
.” Belphegor shrugs. “I mean,
decisions.”
Cas” She interrupts kindly, already adding a burger and fries into their digital register. “It was definitely a date. He paid right?”
Cas sinks into the gentleness of the moment, the murmur of radio voices in between songs, Baby’s engine rumbling and Dean Winchester’s calloused fingers rubbing designs on the skin of his neck.
girlfriend?" He asks pettily,
Cas chuckles, and nods, smile deepens, widens, to Dean it’s breathtaking. “I
There’s the half smile, cracking like dawn across the Angel’s face, his hair’s lighter in this sun, softer, faded in places. The wrinkles around his eyes deepen, laugh lines, age lines, lines that show he stayed,
pray and ask me to come.” Cas’ voice is serious enough to pull the hunter from his distraction. Cas isn’t asking, but his eyes are grave and pleading.
He frowns, this isn’t going well. Perhaps he should have spent more time rehearsing it with Eileen.
blood. Heavy and thick.
“Well?” The Angel asks again, pressing into his space aggressively, his pupils large, expression fierce. “Leaving? Staying? Kindness? Anger? Hate? Desire? Decide what you want Dean.” His words are direct, rapid fire and merciless.
“Why didn’t you pray?” It’s angry, but broken, sounding like the real fury is being held back.
. I think perhaps that is how Heaven should be led. No longer
“Oh nice, that works, cause uh, me too.” He holds Cas’ gaze for a long moment, hoping the angel gets what he’s trying to say in the same way he’s always understood.
He’s looking at Dean with a raw fondness in his blue eyes, after these many long years, Castiel wonders who saved who.
“No Dean,” Cas assures him with a soft smile, and an interesting glint in his eyes, “We are not '
Sam catches Eileen’s eye quirking an eyebrow, she shrugs.
“We are decent, you may enter.”
Cas watches him walk away, drained, and uncertain. He doesn’t know what Dean is trying to say,
“Does it scare you?” He asks suddenly, and he looks like the same little kid who tried to impress his dad and brother with card tricks.
“Mmhmm.” Dean has thrown an arm over the back of the bench seat. His fingers play with the hair at the nape of Cas’ neck.
"Pistol practice."
Maybe this is what selfishness feels like? He could not have Dean’s heart. But maybe this.
the time. Amara says…
Dean’s laughing and god, He
“Already?” Dean shivers. Cas is already pressing inside, checking to see if he’s still loose enough from before, grabbing the lube off the side table (he's prepared alright, there's nothing more to it,) and frowning at the amount remaining, “And I thought
He stands and pats Jack on the head, kisses Cas on the cheek. “You two keep talkin’, I’m gonna go put sheets on the spare bed.”
He’s too beautiful for this simple space. The Angel belongs in a high place, exalted, worshipped, adored; not in this tiny kitchen in Kansas listening to the too-late confessions of a broken man.
“You’re leaving?” He asks.
Cas leans in and covers Dean's lips with his own, mostly to shut him up; this time there’s tongue and
She chuckles, smiles a wide easy smile and nods once.
The look on his brother’s face could sour milk. “If I can’t do, whatever—
He let it go until he caught Sam walking out of his room carrying Cas' Angel blade.
Sam and Eileen hear the keys jingle as they’re pulled from the key rack that Jack made for them, their names written methodically underneath each hook in his uneven scribble.
“Who’re they?” He whispers, to Krissy, flinching as the shorter of the two men turns to look in their direction like he’d heard, blue eyes glittering in the semi-dark.
“I feel like an asshole now though, cause I definitely figured you’d look different— guess it teaches me not to subconsciously stereotype the sexy, lumberjack dad— I mean—
He takes Dean’s weight in his arms and they’re in Dean’s bedroom.
“What plan?”
“Do you think I’d be out here if he wasn’t?” She snarks, and crosses her arms. “Our Deano is holding on,
Those words, from him after all this time, cut at Dean deeper than any knife. To his shame he panics, wavering, fighting the urge to run, to take a step back and hide from everything he was feeling— was trying to avoid feeling.
“Listen
“I apologize.” And his tone indicates the opposite.
Not gonna lie, I think one of my favorite bits was writing a brief remembrance into Endverse!Cas as he is a tragically underused character and a delight of epic proportions. If you're a fan of him
“What did you find?” He says.
“It was not imperative to my mission
“In a way.”
— if I woulda known— let’s just say Angels and Airwaves woulda been playing in
Dean watches while Cas fumbles at the laces for a moment more before kneeling in front of him, ignoring Cas’ surprised intake of breath.
“Right” A minor flush colors Dean’s cheeks. “Uh, So we ate, and Sam, the
Tears, bead at the corner of Cas' eyes,
, observing humanity did not require complex footwear. And Jimmy’s shoes were ankle boots.” He adds, “It never came up.”
“What? Fake it til you make it? You knew I’d never leave you willingly. I mean— I died for you didn’t it?” He laughs frantically and it’s an ugly sound, steps away, dropping the jacket, Dean can see how his hands are shaking.
would be on that list of talking points.
By June he runs out of excuses, wipes his hands on a nearby rag, and sits down quietly in the back of their meeting.
"Yeah." He grumbles. "Apparently not when we're pissed at each other and passive aggressively
for you.”
“Wait what?”
— you’ve been there right?” She gestures with her knife, at some point she pulled an apple from somewhere and started slicing it nervously, she hands him a piece, her dark eyes watching. “Uh the other one, kinda awkward quiet lookin one, that’s
"You didn't know?"
“I realize now that you said... what you said after the Werewolf fight, in jest.” Cas admits softly after a long, silent moment passes. “I
if we are being strictly accurate, I am an
I love you
. So you
As much as that alone should make it clear, Cas doubts.
is the least of their problems right now, he steels himself, “Now listen
After their final altercation with Chuck, he and Dean had gotten wasted and drunk-serious and promised to break their cycle of stupid fights and poor communication and
“Why—“
“Yeah.” He scratches his head with his unharmed hand, trying to flatten the sleepy cowlicks he saw in his reflection. “These guys, they uh, they showed up at
, they’re still sitting in the car, he hasn’t started screaming or marched away in a raging huff.
Christ dude
“You also asked me to use my grace to take you back in time to see Led Zeppelin in concert.”
“Yeah...
“I’m not leaving.” Cas says it simply, directly; answering the unspoken question that’s been on Dean’s mind all day.
Cas ignores him, spending the first bit of the movie shifting Dean’s things back into the semblance of organization. His room got bad during the weeks following losing the angel and their final altercation with Chuck. Now it looks almost exactly like it did before.
I appreciate you reading and (hopefully) enjoying it as much as I (mostly) enjoyed writing it.
“—You aren’t.” Cas informs Dean seriously, then back to Liam and Krissy. “He
Another voice, a female tone, “
At least once a week, usually when the sweet relief of a clear glass bottle are almost too much to bear, he pulls open the desk drawer and stares at the neatly wrapped box, still unopened.
, if anyone tries to hurt me, I’ll pray to my hot Seraph boyfriend to rescue m—“
“Cause I care about y— what happens to you.” Dean says to his shoes, a compromise. He fucking hates his own cowardly guts.
the universal equalizer. If I hurt him, I hurt you, cause you ‘wuv’ him, or…" He purses his lips thoughtfully, "Is it just humanity these days? Grapevine also says the band sorta broke up” His borrowed eyes twinkle. “Regardless, I engineered a perfect and exquisite moment: Cas and Dean reunited at last— what if you had been too late?” He gasps dramatically. “What if, what if, what if.” He laughs again, shakes his head. “It’s my nature, you and I both know that. So either fuck off
“Oh. Weird.”
"Cas." He repeats, more firmly, his tone if nothing else, capturing the Angel's attention. "We are real. Remember?” Dean points aggressively between the two of them, offers a fierce smile in response to Cas' unreadable expression. "
The body is different, still young, male, the smirk is the same, jagged and too wide. His primary torturer takes a step back, reaching for another tray of even nastier looking instruments. Belphegor hasn’t touched him yet, only watched with a fond sort of glee.
for an
They set three rooms on fire and accidentally initiate a lockdown protocol that seals the bunker off for the rest of the night. They have to call "not-quite-their-Charlie" to get the place up and running again.
“Okay.”
, threaten your father—“
Sam's head inclines, “
“He…” She pauses and he can hear a voice off to the side. “What did you
Dean’s touch and lips stop at Cas’ belly, tongue darting out to savor the taste of the skin around his stupidly distracting hip bones, he pulls the boxers from Cas’ body. His warm palm instantly circles the angel’s length, slowly wringing the light delicious noises out of his lover.
Whoever is there knocks again.
last name.” Dean continues, crosses his arms, itching across a few recent lines of ink that look like blackbird’s wings.
“Monsters. Right. Funny.” Erin says, already handing Dean a bottle. “You must be into video games.”
Dean blows a long breath out between his lips and does nothing to hide the sheer desire in his face.
“Of course.” Jack says, and unexpectedly pushes in for a hug, Dean holds on for a long moment. He misses the kid, more than he thought.
For all his self-consciousness about his age, Dean’s still tall and charming, winks and flirts gently with
so we’re set for at least tonight.” Another group of hunters calls out from nearby, Dean responds in turn with the tail end of a terrible joke and a crude gesture.
He doesn't add.
room. Your mattress sucks balls dude,”
Dean nods emphatically, looking way too pleased with his partner and the reference.
Cas nods once, mutely, and Dean is already on his feet and away, humming nervously under his breath as he slips into his room and returns with two coats, a huge pair of boots, exiting once more and reappearing, duffel bag in hand.
“And then I uh, I told him, I needed him and he stopped kicking my ass”
“So what?”
Erin’s smile is bright and genuine, she comes around to the inside of the bar, nodding to another bartender who moves off. “How are you? How is Mister Dean?”
Sam sidesteps just slightly further away. Sure, they haven’t come to blows in a long time but hell, if
— that’s not—we— uh, you and me, we uh, had that conversation
Cas’ frown gentles, he pauses, reaching down to try to carefully uncurl Dean’s clenched and bandaged fingers.
“I mean, Dean, if you want him to feel the most at home, why don’t you give him some of your stuff? Maybe take him shopping, get his favorite food. You know, a night out of the Bunker, make him feel like he’s home. Like we—
Jack is unreadable, he listens and watches, head tilting in that stupid way that makes Dean’s heart shred because Jack is
“We are ready.”
did Dean not see it before this?
“Tell
terrifies him more than any monster they'd fight.
This time, John Winchester turns, obviously angry.
Then maybe,
He half smiles, becoming abruptly away of the fact himself, ignoring the little surge of panic in his chest, and wipes the water out of his eyes, starting to feel the stiffness in his knees and back from sitting unmoving for so long. "Yeah bud, you uh,
Cas looks embarrassed, uncertain. Dean holds onto the hand and stares at him.
“Something like that.”
“I did not think I would be on Earth long in this vessel” Cas says to the top of Dean’s head, hoping his stomach stops leaping every time Dean glances up. “Jimmy’s hair proved... difficult to tame and his appearance was secondary to my purpose.”
That brings Dean’s full attention upward, Cas’ foot still settled on his knees.
"You don't even believe that." Sam knows he’s right, "All these years and you didn't suspect? Not once?"
His brother, far from stupid, cycles through a fairly typical set of lingo learned almost exclusively from Westerns, late night television, and his brief interludes as a pseudo-normal teenager. “Dean, why—“
“I gotta— Sam’s calling— try to uh, sleep or come watch a movie if you get bored.” He throws a jaunty wave and is gone before Cas can say another word.
Sam and Eileen come over and stay most weekends like clockwork. They revolve like well-meaning planets around his unstable core, offering food and entertainment, asking gentle questions about his life. They do their best to give him space and still make sure he knows they care.
Pretty sure I tried to teach you once at Bobby’s. I’m also pretty sure about 30 minutes in you pretended to ‘
Dean’s forehead creases; Sam for a split second thinks maybe he’s been too obvious, maybe should have salted the word ‘bro’ or ‘buddy’ in a couple of times. But then a there’s a quick shrug of agreement and Dean is around the corner.
The gentle spark of an idea strikes Sam’s mind, he leans back in his seat and stretches, keeps his voice light and disinterested.
“I— perhaps.” Cas frowns, “Originally, I marked
“You haven’t asked me anything, actually.”
Balthazar chuckles. “Of course he does, bloody fool, I
Dean smiles, and takes a seat next to Cas, “Me? No not really, my…
“Yeah uh, Shane, he’s a nice guy, trustworthy—
him and he chose you? And then cue…” He imitates a breathy gasp and some slapping noises, a nearby Demon turns his head at the sound, Castiel is swift and quiet like a shadow, Balthazar trips another and presses two fingers to its forehead.
, and said if Dean didn’t come quietly he’d kill her and then come back and murder Erin and her little brother and sister, describing in low and explicit terms what he’d do to the kids if Dean refused.
Much Love
“Okay.” Dean can’t think about that now or he’ll get angry, and he’s already trying his hardest to keep himself from running all the way back to the bunker, though it’s still in limbo as to whether he kisses Cas or kicks his ass. “So what’s the problem?”
it’s nearly sinful.
“Cause they were damn good ideas, and I’m a little rusty at… this.”
Dean looks up, not expecting to meet Cas’ gaze, a glint in the angel’s eyes.
me, I was your blood. But Cas
He stands and waves a hand at Dean, dismissing his worried glance, heading to their— Dean’s— room.
almost made you watch me die in a really stupid and incredibly preventable way.”
in the house today.
want to make sure
“—Castiel Singer.” His husband interrupts, tiredly, on any other person (human) Liam would have called his tone, bitchy. “
"I know you're trying to save Cas."
Again you are blessed if you reviewed prior, I keep all of them in my heart. But honestly, thanks for reading.
when you thought he was gone last time—
John stance changes. His instinct forcing limbs into a defensive posture, not quite nervous, merely
“The Fae?”
Maybe Jack wasn't completely wrong about him not being prepared for bad news. The warm whiskey feeling is already dwindling. Sam is staring at him with the look that says he’s trying to translate fact and truth into something that Dean won’t react, (
“Producing directing and starring in a very exciting episode of
He flinches and pinches his nose.
John watches with raised eyebrows, eyes narrowing at the lack of personal space.
“Yes but—“
writing women.” She pauses contemplatively and he hopes the conversation has somehow ended, or he’s stroked out, perhaps fate will be kind (a first) and will strike him inexplicably with lightning.
means.
, did you really think that our dear Jack was just going to let you,
He’s off his bed; rubbing his eyes, punching her address into his GPS and talking calmly about the proper way to bar a door, sticking his gun in the back of his jeans and pulling on his jacket.
“He’s ahead.” Cas grinds out. Before them, a hard metal door with light through the crack beneath, a bloody handprint on the doorframe.
Dean makes a strangled noise, “Ah
Krissy shrugs, “Depends on who you talk to, don’t think he’s gonna call down fire from heaven any time soon, but if you look at Dean wrong he’d probably throw you through a wall—”
“Uh, wait, what?”
“Have you told him?” Sam whispers.
He goes on the defense the day that Rowena and Sam, bring he and Cas into the room and pitch the idea that there might be a way to begin partnering more trustworthy magic-users, seers, etc with hunters.
No matter what his therapist says, closure’s a bitch.
"Did you
Cas. Cas
He can hear the sound of rain.
Castiel, closes his eyes and reaches for memories, for light.
“As with my life, I would like to share this endeavor with you, if you’re asking.”
“This.”
They talk, Dean tries to stay calm, doesn’t pull the gun.
Sam stops at the door, takes the two of them in: Dean pretty much in Cas' lap, and his brother is staring blissed out at the side of the Angel’s face.
pie festivals until I let some vampire in a dollar store clown mask hang me up like a meat coat? Then end up in my heaven with Dad living within spitting distance.”
Castiel chuckles, low and musical, but doesn’t explain.
Dean yawns and unlocks the glass door, stumbling across to the alarm panel and punching in the code with the ease of repeated motion. He flips the lights on absent-mindedly, checking the espresso machines and the exits; straightening chairs, operating on muscle memory alone.
He waves at Erin, laying a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “You feeling okay?” He asks seriously.
more to me than a concubine."
“We’ll need help.” Balthazar intones, his eyes are lazy, but calculated, darting over the building with an expert gaze. “Whoever is in there is anticipating that you won’t be able to stay away.”
for having your very best interests at heart.” He slides onto the barstool and looks around the house. “Nice place, definitely an upgrade from the roach infested
— because you saw how much they struggle to do the right thing and you love them for it."
“You can open your eyes.”
He struggles with the words, they burn and release like little burning stars forcing their way up his throat, out of his chest. “I’ve um. I’ve never been good at— you know I’ve always— it was always me and Sam and dad, and Dad, he uh told me day one, after mom’s funeral— he uh, he sat me down in the car and said that uh, that my job was to either, keep Sammy safe or kill him if he turned into a monster.” His voice lowers into a sob, as everything comes out. “I couldn’t ever— I
“I’m sorry.” Balthazar intones in a voice that clearly indicates he is not. “Samuel requests your presence at the bunker if you can ‘manage to remove your tongue from Castiel’s mouth for more than 3 seconds.’ His words, not mine, I am not at all interested in your carnal knowledge of each other,
Good.” Dean stutters out, standing awkwardly, staring dumbfounded and pleased the way Cas went. He clears his throat. “What’s— what’s up Sammy?”
He half-nods, words sticking, Mary watches the way he fidgets with the band of bright metal on his finger. Her eyebrows bridge in amusement and sudden understanding.
“Um," Cas' eyes roll slightly as he thinks, "Balthazar, would be one you are familiar with.”
Sammy.” He sags against the kitchen counter and palms his face, noticing the time.
The past weeks had been an entertaining mix of Cas being a grouchy part-human, and Dean being a lovestruck forty-one year old.
Cas is staring at the kale in confusion, before sticking it in his mouth with a shrug, “He kept putting it up where people had to cross paths…” He doesn’t look up at Dean.
“You’re both stubborn bastards, good look with that. Do you even
including the Queen of the Damned
When they ask for his name he stands up nervously, heart pounding like it’s his first hunt.
The disparaging note in his words, the self-hatred echoes inside the joking tone. “Spin the wheel, take your pick.”
That afternoon, when Sam walked past Cas’ bedroom door there were 4 little succulents placed carefully on the floor outside.
“Tell my sons that I love them. Tell Dean…” She sniffs and wipes her eye casually. “Tell him to take lots of pictures of the wedding for me.” She stands, “Come on, let’s go see Bobby, can’t wait to see his face."
Cas flies through the outer wall and into the hall, noting the hook where his truck keys hang gathering dust. He blinks on lights as he moves, it’s been a long time since he’s had the Earth below his feet, everything inside him feels tight and heavy. His true form is restless beneath flesh and bone.
Instead he swallows around the lump in his throat and manages. "Yeah Cas What’s up?”
green. No offense.” His eyes dart to Liam and Krissy, then Dean and Cas “Why couldn’t you two have brought your herd of wayward teenagers? Those kids kick ass.”
“Nah.” She says, “Bar’s busier anyway. Plus, we’re old friends right?” She winks, “So where is your better half tonight?”
and he tries
“You mean now that I’m
know— I mean anyone who’s breathing and has eyes can—” She leans in closer, Cas bends awkwardly away in confusion. “I hope you don’t mind me saying,” She whispers, unbothered by the tilt of Cas’ head and the scrunch of his eyebrows,
The Angel nods seriously, amusement in his eyes.
“Pain? Do you want me to hurt you?” He peers into Dean, harder than he has in years, brushing through self-loathing and rage, leaning into their bond with the little bits of angelic grace still pulsing through his veins, until he sees flashes of an old memory, Dean shivers.
and it’s wretched.
The sound, so infrequently heard stirs Dean to reach further. “You told me that, when we were done with all of this saving the world stuff, you would like to have a garden, tend bees. Yeah
“Plus, you saved me from like, an endless, dreaming, hellhole and beat the shit out of something that’s pretty much older than death.” She raises her eyebrows. “You’ve gotten badass Clarence, it’s pretty hot.”
A lady behind the bar greets Dean by name, Cas notes that she is, of course, humanly pretty: Stylish and sleek like her counterparts across the restaurant. Her large eyes size Dean up with interest.
“Yes.” Cas agrees, he stands unexpectedly. Dean moves quicker, fear motivating him against his protesting wounds; he grabs hold of the Angel’s wrist.
happy. Not after
” Cas’ voice is fierce and so loud, sounds like a thousand voices, it hurts Dean’s ears. The lights buzz and brighten, a familiar whine keeps increasing, and Dean finally notices what Cas is holding.
Dean pulls a face and grins at the Witch.
only available today,” He adds, Dean is already chuckling, pulling back to catch the aggrieved expression on Cas’ face, “It was a
“If you’re done eye-fucking each other,” She signs. “The kids want to open presents, they won’t start until we’re all in there.”
Cas drops it back onto the side table.
Sure, Dean's
So here they all are, checking weapons, swapping stories, looking an amusing mix of grim and eager, which translated to many off-color jokes and back-slapping each other on shoulders.
Balthazar winces, and begins his apologetic prayer to heaven and then to Rowena herself.
“Shut up jackwad. I’m never telling you anything ever again.” Dean frowns. “And Sam, when you tell Eileen about this later… do me a fuckin’ favor and
make you pinky promise if I have to.” He’s doing his best to sound joking. It feels weird, the lightness, the lack of world-ending gravitas. Dean wonders if this is what happy feels like. Goofy and sincere and guiltless, and so much smiling.
“No, hon, I mean, yeah, sorta, the tall ken doll lookin’ one, that’s Dean Winchester, I know, he seems like a dinosaur but I’d say he’s probably the most dangerous human here.”
?” A deeper frown. “Big boy coat?”
“Are you
“You know, uh, after...
“You don’t know how to tie shoelaces?” He teases.
the angel corrected with a sigh so world-weary that Dean made it his personal goal to only say beehives, ever.)
someone who crowds his space like Castiel: angel of heaven and stealer of blankets.
“On The internet
want to marry me?” Dean guesses in a flash of anger cause of this stupid
He grunts something in response and heads back into the office. Some guy brought in a busted up ’66 Camaro last night right before closing, Guy said he’d heard about Dean, heard he was the best.
Sam,” Dean snaps, meeting Sam’s eyes for the first time since they started. “But saying it is one thing, and getting through all the weird self-belief shit is different. There’s still a little part of me that expects Dad to come bustin’ through the door ready to kick my ass for even
hunters.” Cas is saying through clenched teeth’
He adjusts; whispers a low prayer, a message for Rowena. “I am not an archangel.”
The look Dean gives him answers the question.
has realized that he’s fallen. The wards around the hunter were nothing short of powerful, and, if he had to guess, probably nearly sentient.
, he should have been more careful. He knew,
They listen to the radio, Dean sings along to the carols he knows, he taps the steering wheel in time.
Recommended listening:
It’s then that Dean realizes that the form on the bed was actually balled up blankets; that the angel must have been hiding in the corner waiting for someone to enter. He's half amused at how closely Cas paid attention to the Winchester Hunter tactics over the years.
there?”
going to just blaze past it. “I’m not placing blame, just— he was pretty messed up alright?”
His eyes slide shut, relieved tears leaking from underneath in relief, focuses on listening to the raindrops hit his roof. He leafs through the fuzzy memories, skips across the days of pain; pausing on the last few bursts of color and sensation—
your gifted youngsters gotta pass fuckin’ algebra.” Bobby mutters.
“But even for an older guy he is pretty much 100% silver fox”
“We uh, we didn’t have any of that organic honey shit you always liked. So it’s just plain… uh tea.”
man the hell up and maybe admit to yourself that you love him back.”
“And the coffee shop is doing great, and we've always got a backlist of cars in for repair— and I was thinking maybe, we could teach the kids— you know, a trade and shit, you could teach them how to grow stuff… and Sam could help em’ learn to control the junk that makes 'em different, and uh, grow up with a family that gets it. Not like, to train 'em all into hunters but like… just be safe.” He tilts his head slightly and stares hard out the windshield. “What do you— uh, what do you think?”
“Don’t wait up.” Dean yells, and the bunker is quiet yet again.
“You ever heard of leaving a fucking note?” He says fiercely into Cas’ neck, he smells like mountain air and minty shampoo he loves that’s
but like… not like the places
"Cas?" He murmurs, voice creaky and nervous, doing his best to keep it low and soothing, finally letting himself unclench for the first time since—
Wouldn’t give you up though…true love I guess. Kinda gave me a lil demon boner.” Belphegor’s eyes widen. “It was less fun this time around, since I wasn’t wearing your son—”
“I mean, I had an idea that you two… you were…
He’s not looking at Dean, instead, watching the wind whipping across the lake, stirring the wind chimes hanging off the porch.
“You are causing a scene.” Cas mutters, though his forehead still rests against Dean’s cheek, hand light on Dean’s chest. His voice is lower than Liam expected.
— want him to be here.”
, like
“Hey Cas?” Dean says, fighting out of near unconsciousness.
Footsteps, the second step from the top creaks. He left it that way on purpose. Being a hunter is a lifetime occupation.
The small force surrounding the portal look to their respective leaders who nod quietly.
Dean breaks the kiss, a small brush of color high on his cheekbones
Castiel takes a step into the nothing and breathes for a moment. The portal sucks closed behind him with a sloshing, wet noise. He remembers frightened green eyes and that noise echoing around them.
after all, and you are only human…”
“At the time it was either figure out what all these things mean for me, stay out with a dude, get caught, get the shit kicked out of me by Dad,
Love like Ghosts - Lord Huron
?" He’s touched yet
Dean hears him, pushes more frantically against the hand, and Sam steps up, adding another body to bar Dean’s way into the corner room of the bunker.
“You should try to sleep Dean.”
“I forgive you Dean.”
“It’s Cas.” Dean states, like that is the only answer. “I don’t think he’s ever had like… a relationship,”
EDIT: they're here: https://archiveofourown.org/series/2199549
“Oh, you know.” Dean replies hoarsely, heart clenching up so hard it hurts, “Been through worse.” He coughs and it sounds painful, Cas is already holding a glass of water, tilting it gently for him to drink.
They group up nervously, more out of being habitual outsiders than anything. Twenty or so hunters standing in a dank in-between alley in a big city.
He quotes, and the warmth of his cheek against Dean’s skin is calming.
Dean walk-dances over, Jimmy Page’s guitar whining faintly from the Bluetooth speaker Jack bought him for his birthday, offers him a cup of coffee with a grunt.
Dean gets it, he really does.
“So now?”
“Sam,” His attention shifts to Cas, the look of understanding coloring his face, over Cas’ shoulder, Dean flips a pancake with effortless finesse, “Thank you for suggesting
Sam’s wheels are already spinning. “If Cas doesn’t remember the Empty, or how he got there, do you think he might still think the deal he made is still in effect? So if he’s happy…like happy happy?”
“Right. Captain of the Garrison.”
, he always gets weird about it— it’s not like I’d think it’s ugly I mean look at him— the one time he tried to show me he almost fried my brains out my ears—“
The atmosphere of rage ebbs.
He hates his life, he hates
"I know we barely talked about when—
"Yeah yeah." She clears her throat roughly, “One more thing though,"
just humans, but maybe the world too.
was enough,
“Shit shit shit.” The plastic whines as he slides down the side and crowds up against Cas' bare side.
, my unsolicited advice, take it or take it: You can continue trying to make up for your decisions in the past, take a new vessel, have everyone whom you
Cas takes his time, feeling Dean’s impatience and completely ignoring it.
If kissing guys was like kissing Castiel then he’s been missing out for years. Well, actually, he's pretty sure that wouldn’t be
“You gonna tell him?”
“Cas is special,
“Living together.” Castiel inserts, taking a seat next to Dean, handing him a cup of decaf with a reassuring smile, palm on Dean’s thigh. “Dean and I are,
,” he mutters, sweeping past Balthazar toward the living room, “Did you watch weird shit on my profile?” He asks darkly, to which both angels turn in surprise. “You did didn’t you? Now my queue is going to be all sorts of fucked.”
“Intensive purposes…”
Sam’s face pinches in confusion. “Dude that was weirdly specific.”
He wheezes through broken lips and takes inventory of the pain. Torture only really breaks you if the pain is all you can focus on.
"We were pretty scarred
Cas thinks,
“Says he wants to find the best place in the area with a ‘bougie pb&j’” Again the air quotes,
“How are you feeling?” Cas says, his hands politely crossed on his lap.
“I uh was headed out to the highway down to the liquor store—“ He sticks a hand up and sips his coffee. “Don’t bitch face, I
my bad
Of course sir.” Liam responds earnestly, regretting ever speaking, wishing somehow he could melt into the bricks around them.
explained that "No Cas, he’s
ell, here it
“Okay, supposing,
Sam took his constant state of daydrunk and moping (he wasn't moping, how could he even think about dying when Cas was out there) as a personal vendetta and did his best to find the copious bottles of alcohol that miraculously hid themselves on a nightly basis. Moving all the guns in the bunker to a more central location that wasn’t Dean’s bedroom.
“Nah, Sam, be serious” Dean says, annoyed “Besides, that was Jimmy— you know— and Cas, sometimes I think he forgets that it’s his body now, not just a vessel anymore… he can make some… choices
on the Michael Sword, Castiel?”
He bucks at it; wonders if they’re asking for trouble. Yes, it might broker an uneasy peace, maybe an alliance but at what cost? Sam argues that melding the wisdom of age and established power
“No.” A quick grin, a twist of pink tongue swiping over them, “This is real.” Then as an afterthought, “Happy Birthday Dean.” enjoying the way Dean’s whole body coils tighter and tighter. He keeps looking around, bouncing eagerly on the balls of his feet.
She shrugs, “Some lesser demon we pulled out, I’m not overly familiar with his name—Belphe—“
The Angels give him space, and talk in low whispers. Jack has the tendency to introduce him as “one of my fathers”. They all know Castiel’s story, his inclinations toward humanity, his love of the Nephil-turned-God.
“I don’t—“ Dean is doing his best here, he doesn’t want to upset Jack but, “You’re gonna trade
“I am sorry. If I made you uncomfortable.” Cas says standing to leave, he has no idea where he’ll go, they’re in his room.
Maybe, just maybe, he can give the Angel a reason to stay even
not me
Dean writhes, and moans, hands tangled in the sheets above his head, Cas angles his head to kiss and lick deeper. Getting the hang of it, his arms tighten, holding Dean in place as he delves deeper, face now slick with spit, kissing in and around Dean’s pucker, his hand grips tight enough to bruise as he holds Dean open, a finger sliding to rub along his taint, and fondle his balls.
prepared to do violence.
“You said you were better with a blade.”
“What?”
again his ears are going to burn off the sides of his head.
Simple Math - Manchester Orchestra
Cas looks out at the road in front of them, still confused, his hands play with the sleeves of his coat.
“You got jacked.” Dean grumbles, “Could probably beat the shit out of me, ‘specially now that I’m all gimpy.” He flails dramatically, dropping his head back on the pillow.
“Trust me, I’m right.”
rude of me.”
you lost him—" He can hear Sam already trying to be understanding, grasping at a topic that crowns the list of '
Dean starts to wonder if this is it.
and shit."
to each other." He shouts and doesn't wait for an answer.
it’s a thing.” He replies darkly, the smiting expression returning with a vengeance; and the thought of
GPS says 19 minutes, he makes it in 8.
Dean takes a deep breath and pushes carefully into the room.
When Dean finally finishes flipping pancakes and comes to take a seat, Sam notices curiously that he sits more gingerly than usual. Cas eyes him with concern, they share a charged look; Dean winks, Cas looks down at his plate. Uncomfortable but not displeased.
takes you again. You
“I might.”
“Good to see you too Cas.” He says, spits blood and leans sideways.
Dean hadn’t been sure about the idea when Erin’d asked him initially, he’d never heard of a coffee shop meets classic car repair meets DIY bike shop, but she’d been so enthusiastic.
“Not what I said bud.” Dean glances sideways at his companion, annoyed by his plan backfiring, he fidgets with his thermos, “It’s fine, actually, it kinda ruined anyone else saying ‘
“You choose love Cas.” He interrupts firmly, “Love,
“Will you talk about it now?” Cas asks, knowing Dean doesn’t want to. Talking about his feelings openly, is not his way.
A lion head, a lamb’s head and a fearsome bird of prey easily the height of the buildings around, glare down at Liam with too many blue eyes, their gaze is just as impassive as the angel himself.
On a whim he offers to let the local chapter of AA use his shop, Wednesdays nights, 7-9pm. He suggests it offhanded and casual to the guy who leads it, while elbow deep in some late model Ford. His palms sweat the whole time he asks.
“—What? You need me?” Cas’ tone is icy and snide. “You always seem to need me when I’m finally seeing the whole picture. But the reality is, I wasn’t even worth the truth.”
Annoyingly Cas seems to take him seriously and ends the kiss, Dean has to fight
“It’s fine Dean.” He repeats, finding his voice, and carefully empties his glass of water with only the barest tremble to his fingers, straightening his napkin, picking at his fingernails. “There was never time.”
Dean can remember the moment he explained to the angel that wind chimes serve no purpose other than to make people smile on days with bad weather. It’s what Bobby had told him years ago, he’d been about 8 at the time, and shocked that anyone would keep something around that didn’t kill, or feed a person.
“Yeah.
“I was trying to—”
Cas startles out of his internal somberness when Dean runs a large, warm hand comfortingly down Cas’ elbow. His fingers squeeze gently, coupled with the slightest quirking of Dean’s brows.
Dean wakes up one morning; looks in the mirror and doesn’t recognize himself— can’t remember most of the past 90 days— he smashes every liquor bottle in his house in a rage, then sits down against the wall and stares at nothing until it gets too dark to see.
that; Cas
“I was
“I was… hungry.” Cas suddenly self-conscious, scratches his belly, shrugs, “Being human is… difficult sometimes. I am experiencing cravings, but I have no idea for what, I keep leaning toward… cheese? That can’t be right.” He sighs sadly and places the bag back in the refrigerator.
, let me have it, rip me a new one. Just, tell me what you
But he can’t, he can’t keep up with what they’re saying now,
"Are you pissed that I
“Hey Dean?”
It makes his skin itch, trying to have such an open mind. But he guesses maybe it’s fucking time. Maybe his dad and the men of letters were wrong.
“I mean, last time I checked, I’m also
So Castiel remains, useless and tired… and not quite all
in high school) meant Cas knew a little bit about how to handle the man sitting nervously next to him.
Dean goes back to working on the floors. “Not here.” His throat feels tight, mood darkening further.
“Spread your legs.”
“Is he— Castiel— still an angel?”
But instead of those things, he blinks; His hand retreats awkwardly from Dean’s.
In the towns surrounding the Bunker, the Winchester-Kline-Leahy-Cas family unit sticks to a fairly systematic rotation of out-of-the way diners and gas-station cafes.
It rings and rings endlessly, and with each tone his panic grows.
to be good?” Pandora’s box, sirens booming in Sam’s head.
“I am well. We spoke less than two hours ago.” Head tilt. “Why are you here?”
The wind picks up and feels like it’s blowing through his clothing with ease, he huddles crouched next to the tree.
“You gonna tell him about the Empty.” Eileen asks directly, sliding onto the bar and offering him a beer, Sam is downstairs in the firing range with Cas, they—
The house is eerily silent, early morning sunshine pouring through every window, he heads for the kitchen first, Cas will be there, Cas is
Castiel punches him hard,
I’ve had to deal with your ‘will they won’t they’ slowest burn of all time bullshit, staring at each other like.” He shudders. “Listen, I am
The tone is commanding, familiar, he can’t resist. But he doesn’t want to go back to that room.
“Language
, about Erin, about the house and the work. Erin’s Mother; Lenore, is teaching him how to bake his own pies. They’re talking about opening a little cafe next door, some sort of bakery for Mama B to run.
Dean appears a few moments later looking equally as flustered. Hair wet from the snow and wind. He just stands there stiff-armed, gaze vacant, but clearly unharmed. Sam shrugs at Eileen and turns back to their charts.
Sam sighs, “So you haven’t. Great.
Not many would guess that Balthazar was one of the most brilliant tacticians raised up by heaven. He should have surpassed Castiel millennia ago, but always chose instead to be his second.
the angel, you’re just some guy—“
“—Wait, just one
“Fair enough. But we don’t expect you to do that anymore.”
“It did then. Sounded like you’d smoked 12 packs a day since you were 8, and then washed it all down with gravel and gasoline.”
… Demon…Legion?” His nose wrinkles. “Is that what we’re calling It these days?”
that Cas should go, “Who
I just used you
It’s only when they are walking back out into the twinkling lights of Main Street, breath rising faintly between them, that the other shoe drops.
Dean is pretty sure nobody sees him get all misty-eyed, he clears his throat about four times and moves over to the stove, wishing not for the first time that he was better at being able to cry in front of others.
“What?”
The older hunter rolls his eyes, rocking back on his heels, hands raised in surrender.
“I was there when it was written.” Castiel answers with equal flippancy. “It was
in his direction you were ready to gut them. So like... what the hell were we supposed to think?"
He dials Sam next,
Dean remembers Lucifer’s expressions on Cas’ face, he swallows.
Cas stares out at the snow and tries to clear his mind. It’s cold, even in the bunker. He’s grateful for the scarf and knit hat and warm clothes Dean had—
"What did Sam say they were doing down there?" He asks her, she's got her hand on the table, mostly annoyed by the spilled beer.
“Sometimes when I got real bad, just, just, having him in the room with me helped, no nightmares.” He shrugs. “So I didn’t mind as much as I acted, and it was something I could trust, he
When Dean says his full name, there is the softest lilt on the part he usually leaves out, like he wants to savor the extra syllables. Even at his most angelic, his heart would stutter at the name coming from the hunter’s lips.
