The demon can see that the knife in Cas's chest isn't killing him and is hardly having an effect on him at all. As Cas starts to move to knock the demon's hand away from his arm, the demon leaves the knife in Cas's chest and pulls out another blade, which is long enough to be a short sword. He stabs it right through Cas's stomach and keeps pushing, backing him up until Cas hears the tip of the blade, which protrudes through his back, hit the wall.
Dean gets to his feet, draws his pistol and painfully racks the slide with his left hand. The car stops, its headlights on Dean, on the church.
He sees tubes and digital contraptions and the big white bed he's in and the cleanliness of the whole place and realizes he's in a hospital. He sits up, and with the movement he can feel the bandaging around his chest and the tube attached to his arm. Frowning, he looks at the tube and follows it to the machine next to him. What is this? What are they doing to him?
Dean clumsily parries another attack, then manages to catch the three-pronged hilt of the sword and knock it out of Cas’s grasp. Cas grabs Dean’s arm, his grip iron, and snaps it. Dean cries out, and his knees give underneath him.
And Jack hasn’t brought his own dinner since. Dean was right; there is a certain bonding that happens over shared dinners, and Jack would’ve hated to keep missing out on it. Often, Dean cooks, and he’s pretty damn good at it—his burgers, in particular, are artisanal masterpieces—but everyone has their specialty. Garth is best at comfort foods and brownies, and Rufus can grill anything. No one eats pork for dinner because Rufus is Jewish, and no one makes fish because Garth has an allergy. And even on the days they don’t have time to cook, they’ll order a couple of pizzas and sit around the table to share them.
Dean spreads his arms slightly and looks down at himself. "I guess they might be distracting if you've never seen any before. I got most of them when I was in my twenties, but I've had them retraced."
"It's comfortable here," Dean says. He can hear screaming in the distance. "By which I mean it's extremely hot, smells like blood and sulfur, and is full of demons who are terrified of me but sneer behind my back." He smiles. "It's typical."
Alastair sneers. "I knew you never had it in you to rule hell. You were wayward—obedient to Crowley but never quite to the ways of hell. You're weak, Dean Winchester. And I'm going to enjoy killing you slowly."
Cas realizes he's been staring at the wall since they appeared here. "Yes," he says, looking up but only briefly meeting Dean's eyes.
"No," Dean says sharply. He cups his hand under the blood flow, trying to catch it in his glove, though some still drips through his fingers and onto his motorcycle. "I need to go. I'll summon you later or some damn thing." He leans over the ground and empties his hand of the dark liquid. The blood already seems to be slowing and he wipes it away one more time before grabbing the handle of the bike and starting the engine.
"You've never even really helped me. You don't know what you're doing, you just do whatever makes this easy on you while I'm over here dying."
Sam’s whole body aches from being on the concrete floor for two hours, and his shoulder is throbbing. Painfully, he shifts and leans forward to unlock the door. Dean pushes it open slowly and peers behind it.
"This is what's supposed to happen when I resist the Mark. When I told Crowley I wasn't killing anymore, he said it would kill me. The whole not-healing thing? That's pretty human. I don't know how much longer I can do this before it's all over."
Then it occurs to him. He only has one option. It's something he's done only once and he's not even certain it will work.
The angel shakes his head, holding his bloodied arm to his chest. "I was trying to save people." He coughs, then glowers and looks between Dean and Castiel. "Why do you know his name?"
He can see the ravenous excitement in Juliet's blood red eyes and he gives her a small nod. She starts to bound off, but he calls out, "Juliet!" The hellhound turns, annoyed that he's slowing her.
Who is he to think he can ever have a relationship with someone, especially an angel? He's a time bomb of anger and violence and desperation. He's never committed to anything.
“Dean.” There’s panic in her voice. “Shit, shit. They found me. There’s black smoke trailing my car, they’re catching up to me.”
What makes it all worse is that Cas feels it happening, the same thing that always happens. He wants to get to know him better. He wants Dean to visit the coffee shop, he wants to sit with him at a bar again and spend more time just talking.
Dean looks down at his hands, as if just realizing that they'd been clenched around the handlebars of his motorcycle. "No. Well, yes. I'm always slightly angry. But I just feel…tense." He shakes his head. "Whatever. Stop asking me things like that."
“Yeah.” He puts his hands in the pockets of his jeans. “I think it’s better if I stay out, you know? I finally have the life I’ve always wanted, or I’m closer, at least.”
Dean chokes on the rest of his words. He thought somehow that Sam was going to share in the blame—even if Dean wouldn’t believe it, at least he could’ve heard someone say it wasn’t entirely his fault.
He frowns. "Okay, why me? What would you guys want from me? I'm just a bartender who was in the wrong place at the wrong—"
Sam has read the same paragraph of his Jewish history textbook three or four times and not a word of it has stuck in his mind. He downs the last of the cold coffee in his paper cup and starts it again.
“It must have been… Jack described what happened to him, and it sounds like he wasn’t in there for half the time you were.”
"What?" Dean reaches up with a frown and catches the small stream of blood coming from his left nostril. "Dammit. What the hell?"
"Hm." Crowley takes a sip through the straw in his drink. He never expected himself to come here again after he stayed to keep Dean and Sam apart. But he had a couple of reasons for returning: first, he wanted to find out why Amelia wasn't coming to the bar anymore, since it irked him—as best he can tell, she moved out of the town. Second, he needed to judge whether or not he was making the right call not telling Dean about Sam.
"So why isn't the angel dead?" Crowley asks slowly, almost in the manner he would speak to a normal demon.
This waking up, feeling disoriented and what he believes is called "drugged"—it's new to him. Angels don't experience things like this.
“Because you sound lonely, you idjit. You been callin’ me a lot lately. And I’m glad of it, I just wanna make sure you’re okay.”
Crowley swirls his wine again, even though he hasn't taken but a single sip. "Dean hated me at first. He was a demon, but he was still a child, too. An unruly one. He had no respect for authority and he was completely unafraid. Of anything. An eleven-year-old kid, and he wasn't scared of a damn thing, not until he realized there were a couple things he had to be afraid of. My second-in-command at the time was one of them. My hellhounds—aside from Julius—were the other. But once he was about, what, seventeen? He could fend for himself. A few years after that and there was nothing, I swear to you, nothing that man was afraid of. But everyone knew to be afraid of him, and I respected that."
Just before one o’clock, Cas heads in to the coffee shop, where he’s greeted by the staff and the regulars. He opens all the windows, because the roaster will heat the place up in a hurry, and heaves down one of the airtight containers of raw coffee beans. Before he can start, Eliot informs him the oven is still having problems and seems to be leaking gas. Cas spends the next hour trying to figure out what’s wrong with it and almost forgets to start roasting the coffee. Then his part-time barista goes home sick, and Eliot covers the register while Cas makes coffees and calls people for urgent shift coverage. He’s saved by his newly-hired college student, Patience, who agrees to come in for the rest of the afternoon.
Dean raises his eyebrows. "That bike is a vintage-style Triumph Scrambler. It was more expensive than anything you own. Watch what you say."
"I'm trying to fix you, Cas. Just give me a moment and the poison will be out of your system. I can't keep this up for long. The Mark always pulls me back within a few seconds."
“Well, that or it’ll kill him, who’s to say?” He sips his whiskey. “I suggest you get moving. The clock is ticking. Oh, except you might want this.” He stands and goes to an antique wooden desk in the corner, opening a drawer and pulling out a sheathed knife. “Silly me, I almost forgot.”
The angel pivots and catches the demon in his fist. A glow from Cas’s palm causes the demon to writhe, its roaring scream shaking the building, and it vaporizes. One of the remaining demons dives toward Dean, while the other attacks Cas.
It’s what his father said the first time he had Dean repair his own wounds, shoving the antiseptic, dental floss, and sewing needle his way before going to tend to Sam. Dean was thirteen or fourteen, and he had fucked up a hunt and led the monster back to their inn. Sammy hadn’t really been hurt, but he’d been shaken, and Dean felt terrible. Yes, he’d had tears in his eyes when his dad pulled out the first-aid kit, but it hadn’t been about the pain, or the expectation of it.
“Consider me converted,” Dean says as they return to the front of the shop. “I might have to actually care about where my coffee comes from.”
Dean raises his eyebrows and sits back a little to look at him. “Alright. You’re more mysterious than I made you out to be.”
"No, dear god, tell me everything," Dean says, looking relieved now that they're done talking about him. "What's boring to you will be amazing to me. Having missed the whole 'normal life' thing."
Dean digs the knife into one of the hounds’ flanks and it’s torn from his grasp as the beast moves away. A bite sinks into his leg and drops him to his knees, weaponless and surrounded.
Dean snorts. He takes the cigarette away from lips and exhales smoke directly into Cas's face. "You can help me?"
"But you can break them," he says immediately. He carefully lifts Dean to slip out from under him, then sets him back on the bed. "Do you know what this man has done? He overcame the temptations of not only hell, but the Mark of Cain. He sacrificed himself so that he wouldn't hurt anyone else."
“I’d be curious to know what’s there if you do find—they sound fascinating. Maybe we could keep in touch.”
"You're going to have hell to pay for that," Dean growls as he straightens and pulls out his own knife.
Watching Cas eat burgers for the first time was a revelation – and Dean vowed to himself then and there that he would make sure Cas got to try many more things that he hadn’t yet thought of. This was what life on earth was all about, wasn’t it? Enjoying yourself while you could.
“Oh yes” Crowley said. “Many people are too young for the things they are doing. For example, I would argue that anyone under the age of two hundred Is much too young for playing around with the worlds of the living and the dead.”
Dean didn’t realize he was the one who was supposed to – who was considered to have any right to pronounce the verdict – until Sam quietly said his name.
It was really touching, and to hide his emptions, he’d had to go home and listen to Christmas carols for an hour.
And then, Crowley was backing him up against the wall. “No one has a right to those they create, through natural or magical means” he hissed and Dean knew there as a story there he might hear one day.
He was just passing Singer’s – he quite liked Bobby, even if the mechanic could be a bit rough around the edges – when the door opened and two young men stumbled out, jostling each other and laughing.
At the beginning, when he’d still been getting his bearing and not been as adept at sneaking out, he’d spent a lot of time with John’s books, and he was ready to admit to anyone that he’d been at least nice enough to get him new ones regularly once he had noticed he liked to read.
He looked at Mary again and sighed, wondering how things would have been different John’s wife had lived.
“But of course! Just look at this!” he pointed at the limousine, but Cas only tilted his head in that adorable way of his once more, clearly indicating that he had no idea what he meant.
Dean laughed; he couldn’t help it. “That sounds like Crowley alright. Calls me Squirrel and Sammy Moose. You know Sam?”
But who was he kidding, as the humans would have said – this would never come to pass; he might as well give up on that dream now, a dream he shouldn’t have been dreaming to begon with.
How he’d gotten himself elected mayor was a bit of a mystery to the angel (and perhaps the inhabitants of Hollowground as well) but everyone agreed that he did a good job. Certainly no one wanted him gone, even if he was a bit of a bastard.
His wings drooped as he considered his options. The truth was, he really did like Hollowground a lot – no, he loved it. He loved its people, their simply belief in angels, their goodness; he even loved his tower, although Crowley always told him to make it more cheerful. Because that apparently was another thing the demon was an expert in, or at least considered himself one.
Cas was staring at the ring box, and De awa wondering whether he’d made a mistake when he said, “So that was why Sam and Crowley started to laugh when I told them.”
Castiel suddenly found himself wondering if Dean ever saw any of that money he obviously helped John to earn, and feared that he didn’t; and then he wondered why he cares so much. Of course he cared about all the inhabitants of Hollowground, that as what he was there for, his reason for being, in a way; but he very much specifically cared about Dean and whether or not John treated him as an equal, and that was… strange.
They’d get together with Sam, Bobby and Crowley later at Ellen’s, they had decided, but Christmas morning was just for them.
And when Dean later took his angel to their home – in the Impala; as he would soon discover, Crowley had insisted John leave Baby behind for him – he decided that every single moment of the lasts three years leading up to this had been worth it.
Castiel needed a few moments to understand what he was supposed to do, then he found the phone book.
“I am very sorry that our meeting may cause you distress” Castiel said. “Should I come with you and explain that everything went well?”
(and it was never a good sign when Crowley was unsure what was going on, he had learned that pretty early in his existence) sounded like something dangerous.
Well, wasn’t that vague. And slightly depressing, considering all thing. “The people here are certainly glad we have you” he said because it was true. “Our very own guardian angel. One of the first things I heard I ever left the house.”
He let his eyes wander over the crowd. Most of these people he knew personally, others not; but that didn’t matter, he cared for them all equally, he told himself, even if he couldn’t approve of some of their behaviour – John came to mind, but thankfully, he wasn’t there today.
Dean had never noticed just how much John’s presence in his life had kept him back, and for the first week or so, a part of him had still expected him to arrive at the tower and drag him home, like he used to do when he found him outside.
As soon as the first chords of music drifted through the air, he held out his hand to Cas. “May I have this dance?”
“Hey, Feathers, look what I brought you” Crowley had, as usual, not bothered to let him know he’d come, instead materializing in his tower. He held out a small box.
He’d never figured out how she had found out that he was interested in Castiel but he didn’t care ibn the least. “He is?”
“And there will be” Cas said quietly. “You called Dean your son yourself. He is welcome to the name of Winchester, if you ask the people.”
Castiel could easily believe that. Someone like Dean, who had happily befriended the town’s only demon and guardian angel – who was so curious and friendly and loved to simply be among people – would also admit his own limitations; and furthermore, he knew Crowley and would have been aware that it wasn’t meant as an insult, even though many would have considered it one.
“Ah, Cassie, would you mind waiting for a bit? You can have a look around, if you want” Crowley said carelessly.
“John, it’s that or…” he let the implication hang in the air, himself rather unsure what he was threatening him with.
The town hall had been decorated for one hell of an epic Christmas Eve party, courtesy mostly to Ellen and Joe, who’d been used to do the same in a smaller scale for their bar; instead, this year, they were to be the caterers, since Dean had hinted so at Crowley during one of the Council meetings, and the demon had apparently reluctantly but actually enthusiastically agreed.
Huh, he wasn’t just getting him out of the house, he was also making sure got some alone time. Yep, next drink in a bar where Crowley didn’t just get them for free was on him.
Dean had been feeling bored and restless when the phone rang; once more John had tried to give him a lecture about how the world was a dangerous place and everything in it wanted to kill you, and apparently especially in Hollowground, and he’d retreated back to his room as quickly as he could.
Which kind of made Dean’s fascination with him sort of funny, since he’d always been a social butterfly. The second they’d met, he’d started introducing him to people, and it had quickly aspired that despite John’s attitude he knew almost as many of the townsfolk as Bobby died.
Yet that was just the point, wasn’t it. He wasn’t like other angels, and he wasn’t like humans, and he wasn’t like creatures. He was just himself, Castiel, and he wasn’t even very good at that. Forever alone because of that very fact.
So sorry for the late upload guys - would love to have a legitimate excuse, but was so busy I simply forgot. Still, enjoy!
Joh, realizing he truly had no choice, allowed himself to be led away, and Dean suddenly knew that it was the last time he would ever set eyes on hi9m.
“Oh yeah, I remember. That was a good evening”. He grinned. “Had a movie night. Totally worth the sermon I had to hear later. And sneaking out can even be fun – now and then.”
But that didn’t explain why Castiel was so interested in him. Certainly, he was an interesting specimen, and it was something to talk to someone who had never been a child again, who understood what it meant to be suddenly called into existence, fully aware of what and who one was…
“He prefers father” Dean said when it became clear that Cas was waiting for him to provide the right verb.
So a ring it had been when he’d browsed for gifts. Mrs. Leeds, who he’d bumped into as he’d left the jewellery store, had only smiled knowingly.
As always, he deflected any gratitude shown towards him. “Don’t worry your pretty head about it.” Probably a demon thing – he couldn’t admit to have done anything nice.
It was one of those evening where he had decided to go to Ellen’s and watch the people. He’d fallen somewhat out of the habit recently, but for some reason suddenly had felt the wish to indulge in it again.
It wasn’t just that Dean was beautiful. Castiel had seen other handsome people (although none as much so as Dean, something in him whispered) and they had never made him feel this way, like he wanted to get to know him inside and out, know his opinions and feelings about everything under the sun, see him every day if possible… No; this was no mere admiration of beauty.
Yes. That was what he wanted. Someone who didn’t see the angel, the protector, the guardian. Someone who simply looked at him and saw Castiel, and only Castiel, and liked him because of that fact, not despite it. Who didn’t think his black wings were strange or a sign that something was wrong with him, who wanted to spend time with him just because they could.
In the twenty years he’d been on earth, Castiel had never been attracted to anyone, and he certainly hadn’t sought companionship of that kind, like Crowley did on a regular basis. It had never appealed to him.
“If you say so, Cassie. But you see, seduction is an art. Thankfully for you, one of which I am a master.”
(Maybe, Dean thought, eventually it wouldn’t be. There were adoption agencies, and there was magic, were there not? Maybe on me day… But one step at a time).
But he really was rather grateful as he washed up; he’d get out of the house, if only for a short time, and that was something he would never take for granted again.
Dean had made it to his room when suddenly he heard the key turn in the lock. In an instant, he was at the door, banging on it. “What the hell, John?”
At this, John broke. “She was so young” he whispered. “It wasn’t fair. And your angel” he spat “he wouldn’t help me.”
“Of course he’s at Ellen’s, but John won’t even have the idea to look for him there. Too stubborn to admit he didn’t create a kid but a fully grown adult, you see.”
For, quite suddenly, Crowley appeared in front of them. “Squirrel, Moose, sorry to interrupt your lunch – but it seems that a magical – problem of some kind – has appeared right next to Castiel’s tower.”
John was in the living room, looking for all the world as if he had just been in the garage all day, and Dean couldn’t deny that he was somewhat impressed by his cold-bloodedness. “John.”
He’d slung his arm around Sam’s shoulder and was eagerly talking to him and Cas suppressed a surge of – what was that?
But Dean possessed an embarrassingly large knowledge of magic for someone who couldn’t use it. Whenever a book about magic fell into his hands, he usually devoured it within hours, committing every single letter to memory.
Having read the book – and found it quite disturbing, like many results of the human imagination – a few years ago, Castiel said, “Wouldn’t it be more appropriate to call Sam that?”
Despite everything, Crowley cared deeply for Hollowground and its citizens, Castiel had been aware of that for a while now.
But Crowley went out a lot, didn’t he? Crowley met people all the time even when he didn’t have to, and he had drinks at Ellen’s, and he seemed to enjoy it… so maybe Cas would too. Hell, he must, or he wouldn’t go there, would he?
Quite frankly, Bobby made for a much better father than John ever had, but it was highly disloyal to consider that, and he had given him his life…
“Yep. Newest on the market. Bluetooth and wi-fi and whatnot… you know, all that stuff the humans without powers need.”
“Thank you”. And somehow, Castiel suddenly had the feeling that Crowley at least would ensure that Dean got a little something extra, and almost against his will, he found himself liking the demon a little bit more.
He looked at John, who was shaking. The man who had given him life to use him, the man who had tried to bring his wife back from the dead for love but never wasted a single thought on whether Dean might be harmed in the process, the man who had been so worried for him he’d forbidden him from leaving the house but only so that he could channel magic through him.
Unbeknownst to the two who were by now busy – talking and drinking and not paying attention to anyone else – they were rather closely watched.
It was that he was a good man, he’d instantly been able to tell, and not just because his soul shone so brightly that, if he’d had been human, he would have needed sunglasses. No, because he was fully capable of caring for himself and yet stayed with John out of gratitude; because he hadn’t allowed the rules he lived under to make him in any way bitter; because he still chose to make friends in the town – and wasn’t him being so well-liked another proof of how good a man he was? There were many who would never gain the universal approval he’d managed to obtain – and he stayed positive, no matter what happened.
As soon as he saw the cars, he almost turned around; he certainly had never understood the humans’ fondness for them, preferring to fly when he had to move. But then he saw someone bending over one of the limousines and realized Crowley must have called John Winchester in to fix it.
“So you call that smiling? Seems to me you haven’t learned much then, living between humans and creatures.”
That said, a bit of an untypical angel at that. He always wore a trench coat, for one thing, and rather than spend time with the townsfolk, he lived in an abandoned tower at the outskirts of their place.
And Dean – Dean had been a good little not-really-familiar and had done what was asked of him, while constantly calling Sam and Bobby and Crowley if only to stay sane.
He reminded himself for the umpteenth time that he had ever reason to be thankful to John, that he wouldn’t exist without him, but it didn’t really do anything to change his feelings.
And yet… not a single one of his fantasies could ever have prepared him for Cas. So hot, and clever, and friendly, and – everything one could wish for in a partner.
Crowley’s smug expression suggested that he’d guessed what he was thinking, and Castiel, to his surprise, wasn’t even slightly annoyed by it. “What did you want to see me about?”
Still, he’d seen non one else except for Crowley, and now the mayor had sent him a note that he needed to see him on “urgent business” whatever that meant.
He was working away when he heard someone enter the garage, and thinking it either to be John or Crowley, called out, “It’s nothing big, don’t worry, I can fix it right now –“
Dean had often wished that he could redecorate the house a little, make it seem more like he lived there as well, but all he had was the small room he’d at least been allowed to fill with his records and books.
Oh my God, he actually said it. Dean himself, who had, as established, little experience when it came to relationships, still knew that this wasn’t normal – at least not in the beginning, because folks tended to make things needlessly complicated.
At the same time, it had bene exhilarating to finally openly go gift-shopping. Crowley had somehow managed to get him a monthly pay check for his job at the Council – God only knew how he kept the books, but as long as everything worked out, no one asked questions – so paying wasn’t a problem. On the contrary – it quickly transpired that many of the people he knew were trying to either not make him pay anything at all or give him discounts.
“Actually, I should tell you to get back to your wizard” she scolded him as usual; but since she also immediately served him, he knew there was no danger of her alerting John.
Yes, Dean was an enigma, but a wonderful, amazing one, and Castiel wanted to know all there was about him, and find out as quickly as he could.
It had created quite a bit of a stir when, twenty years ago, a guardian angel had arrived and decided to make the town his own, they had told Dean. Mayor Crowley in particular had wasted no time in letting the other towns around know that his had been considered the one most suited for an angel.
It was true – Castiel’s eyes had yet to leave Dean’s face; but whether that was because he wanted to look at him for because of the fact, as Bobby had pointed out, that he stared at everyone like that, Sam couldn’t say.
Yes, Castiel came around to Ellen’s bar somewhat regularly despite his monastic tendencies, at least that was what she had told Dean; but alas, since he usually chose busy evenings – evenings where he could sit in a corner and watch people, since that was all he seemed to do – he had never been able to sneak away. If the whole town saw him, John would know, even though he’d love nothing more than to talk to the guy away from prying eyes for once…
John – John would have to be considered, of course. Since he believed Dean to be too immature to leave the house, what would he say if he suddenly took a lover? And their angel, too? Sam couldn’t imagine that he would be the last bit pleased.
Castiel had no idea why Crowley had summoned him. He had spent the last few weeks in what the demon, on his occasional visits, had dubbed a “funk” (although he himself didn’t see it that way) and had seen no one.
Dean. The human familiar without any powers or even a last name. He supposed he could have taken on John’s, but everyone in town just called him Dean and Sam Sam.
Also, as a wise man in the crowd pointed out, Dean, due to his magical origins, didn’t age either, so they didn’t have to worry about that.
Things with John had never truly been domestic, for the simple reason that, for all his talk about being his father, he didn’t really treat him like a parent – as Dean had quickly realized when he had found the time to observe Ellen and Joe and how close they were. John rarely, if ever, shared his innermost thoughts with him, or talked about his plans for the future; nor did he ever seem very interested in Dean’s own, but that wasn’t to be expected anyway, not when he didn’t want him to even contemplate leaving the house.
“Sorry, Sammy, but I know who’s behind all of this”. He turned to Crowley. “I – when we – closed the gap – I felt –“ he paused or a moment, and Crowley uncharacteristically allowed him to calm himself before he pronounced, “John. That was John’s magic, I am sure of it.”
He’d enveloped him in his wings again and Dean couldn’t help but smile as he turned around to face him. “Hey. How long was I out?”
There was nothing to do but to go, although it was the last thing he wanted. When Crowley called, you better came, or there were consequences. Granted, he probably couldn’t hurt Castiel, but he could make life for him very uncomfortable indeed – he was a demon, after all.
Cas squeezed his hand. “I will try and close this – Gabriel actually called it a hole in-between the worlds.”
Yes, there could be no doubt about it – Crowley was worried, more worried than Dean had ever seen him, as he studied him. “You’d be surprised, Dean.”
– and resigned himself to having to climb out the window and time his visits to the kitchen when he got hungry. He was becoming quite good at that.
“No they’re not” Den said quietly, remembering something he had once read. “Really magical grimoires… they belong to themselves and those who are fortunate enough that they give themselves to the,”. His eyes strayed to the pictures on the fireplace – how often had he wondered if his would stand there one day? “It was all for her, wasn’t it: For Mary.”
But that wouldn’t help, would it, and so he shrugged and smiled and mumbled something about having to figure that out.
“I meant with Dean” he said with an expression Castiel couldn’t quite interpret before vanishing once more.
He opened his eyes; the world was spinning, at least he thought so for a second until he realized no, that was just him.
Castiel decided that he liked it best when Dean grinned, then wondered why. Certainly, he liked quite a few of the inhabitants of Hollowground, but none so well as Dean, even though they had only known each other for a very short time.
“Such a nice idea to have the entire city celebrating together! Of course” she nodded towards Castiel, her eyes sparkling mischievously in a way that belied her age “For you, every day is a reason to celebrate, isn’t it?”
Only now another direction was also there, a direction that was very tempting indeed. He liked Cas, they had fund when they spent time together, they seemed to compliment one another perfectly, and yes – he had already suggested a few small improvements on the tower that the angel for some reason hadn’t yet thought of.
He quickly started talking – so quickly that Castiel needed a moment to realize he was quoting the book.
If John noticed he was preoccupied as they drove home – as John drove them home – he didn’t mention it, for which Dean was grateful.
Sam’s eyes softened. “The whole town loves you. You never knew, did you?” He drew him into a hug. “I’m so glad you made it.”
But really, why was he already wondering about that? So far, Dean and Castiel were friends at most, nothing else; there was nothing to fear right now.
Not that he hadn’t tried. But no matter how many rituals, Dean had never been able to help out with even the most rudimentary spell.
“Trust me, you’re in for the treat of a lifetime” he told him, and Castiel wondered if he knew just how captivating his eyes looked when he was enthusiastic about something. Probably. Humans normally knew when they were good-looking, at least so he’d come to believe.
Normally he would have declined – Cas meant a large crowd, and John would certainly hear – but on the other hand –
People kept dropping in at their table, grinning, making jokes, just seemingly being happy that everything had turned out fine.
He woke up slowly and opened his eyes to find Cas dozing next to him. He’d gotten in to the bait of sleeping mostly because he loved holding Dewan, and who was he to deny him that?
Castiel had never asked where Crowley got his accent from. As far as he knew, there was no Great Britain in Hell. Maybe it was just an affectation; at least that certainly sounded like something Crowley would come up with. “I don’t think he’s that hostile towards John, although John seems somewhat… restrictive.”
Who cared what John would say afterward? He really really wanted to visit Cas, so that was what he was going to do.
Because as soon as they arrived – Sam had come with, of course – Crowley cursed. “If I find the fool who did this to my city, I am going to tear him apart with my own hands.”
Cas, who had been studying Dean, sighed, “Me too” and just like that, he knew that at least the three of them had known, in a magical, unpredictable way, what would happen the second they had seen the problem.
Castiel had only ever seen John Winchester’s son – for as such he had chosen to refer to Dean, to his credit, he had always thought – from afar, but he would certainly agree that he had seemed aesthetically pleasing.
That made sense to Dean; he supposed that mortals must be a resilient bunch, or they wouldn’t have been as persistent as they were.
They were near the end of their meal when Ellen decided to join them for a beer. “Well, boys, no Castiel today?”
Unexpectedly, Dean chuckled, and he decided that it was a very pleasing sound. “Relax, was just a joke. Certainly acts like it a lot, doesn’t he?”
“I dare say he wanted to help get me out of the house. John…” he trailed off, looked away, then back at Castiel. “John doesn’t like me going out on my own. Says I’m too young.”
Castiel had always insisted he had everything he needed, but he wasn’t so sure of himself anymore. Maybe being around humans for a while affected one, and now he had the same needs that other humans had – but no; he’d never heard anything like that from any other angel.
The demon took a deep breath. “Someone – doesn’t matter where; this can happen wherever once the chain of events has been put into place – has tried playing with reality itself. Some wizards do that. Don’t know why, but that’s what that causes – a rift.”
“I meant for a few minutes, Squirrel, not forever. Go on, kiss lover boy goodbye so he’s satisfied and off you pop.”
This, he knew, was it. Cas was it for Dean. It didn’t matter that he hadn’t tried dating before, or that he’d never set foot outside of Hollowground until six months ago – a short holiday on the east coast, Crowley cheerfully telling them that they could travel whenever they wanted to – what mattered was that he knew, that they knew.
“Can’t say I get it” Bobby declared, taking a gulp of his beer. “Castiel is perfectly fine, but he stares a little much. I don’t think I’ve seen him blink once.”
After a while, he glanced at his watch, and was shocked to realize they had been sitting and talking for over three hours. “Damn – sorry, Cas, but I have to go. If John hasn’t already noticed that I’m missing he’s gonna to soon, and I’m not in the mood for another lecture.”
"I think so," Cas says, blinking and shaking his head. He seems to take in Dean's bedraggled appearance and frowns. "Are you?"
“Ooh, so scary.” The demon sighs. “Look, I’m not high enough on the totem pole to know what you want to know. Yeah, Azazel had big plans for Sam Winchester, but with him gone, I don’t know what the bosses are doing. You’d have to go to someone higher up than me.”
Cas glances down at his old tattoo, the silhouette of dog tags, and drops his hand into his lap. “Myself.”
Then he leaves, the curtain rasping quietly close behind him, and Dean, suffice it to say, feels Winchester himself—completely disarmed.
“I’ll take that as an okay,” she says, cleaning up her tray of instruments without batting an eye. “I’ll be back to let you know when we have more results.” She steps out.
He can’t stop thinking about his conversation with Dean. It was weird, getting a call from him in the middle of the night, for no particular reason. Even now, he’s not entirely sure there wasn’t something wrong Dean just wasn’t telling him about.
He had drifted in and out of consciousness after that, sometimes sleeping more than blacking out, but he must have gone out—or been medicated—before they got him situated in the bed, since he doesn't remember being here before.
Sam leans forward with his forearms on the counter and shrugs. "No, I could use some time to think about someone else's problems instead of my own. Do you want another drink, though?"
If Dean were slightly human, he might be startled. As it is, he just raises his eyebrows and turns to find Crowley sitting next to him.
But this isn't Crowley's concern. He stands and steps closer to Alastair. "Tell me," he says slowly, "you're certain it was an angel."
Dean clenches his jaw, holding Cas’s gaze even as the angelic light seems to burn his eyes, but he says nothing.
With a twist to his gut like lightning, it occurs to him that somehow, in all this time, there's something he's never said to Dean. Something he's never felt until Dean, and he thinks he'll never feel after Dean.
Sam steps forward and extends a hand toward the demon, then grasps the air as if pulling something out of it. The demon chokes, coughing up black smoke, and releases the girl. Dean stares in disbelief until he realizes the girl disappeared into one of the classrooms.
"After what I've done, that's the only thing that's okay," Dean says, taking a step closer to Cas. "You have no idea the kind of regret I'm on the edge of right now, Angel."
The angel raises his eyebrows. "And what you do is kill? Assassinate, maybe, if you want to use a flowery word? Tell me, what kind of life is that?"
Maybe there’s only one way to find out. Whoever this blonde demon is, maybe he needs to find her, and Saint George, Utah is the place to start. Of course, it would be a huge leap of faith to leave everything behind over one fleeting vision.
Garth shakes his head. “I don’t know. Sometimes it’s not about saying and more about listening. Dean’s good at this stuff, just give him a bit.”
He shakes his head and leans over the still running faucet, collecting water in his cupped hands and splashing it over his face before turning it off.
First of all, he has no idea why he keeps coming back to this bar. Perhaps it's because he feels some familiarity with the bartender, who isn't even currently on shift.
Dean rolls his eyes. Someone exits the bar behind him. A woman with dark hair and tears in her eyes. She passes them without looking up at either of them and starts to head to a car in the gravel parking lot.
Dean laughs and puts his head in his palm. "Oh, man." He looks back up and meets Cas's eyes, smiling with patience but amusement. "Cas, do you want to have sex?"
He can't pretend he's not taken aback by the idea that this may kill him, but he swallows it quickly and retorts, "Then like I said; maybe this so-called life isn't worth living." He tosses his still-burning cigarette at Crowley's feet and starts to leave the room.
Cas can’t help but feel a little smug, though he gives Dean a small, genuine smile. “I own a coffee shop down on Park Street.”
"You are astoundingly stubborn. Give me two seconds and I'll be done. You've already lost a lot of blood."
Crowley cracks a smile and puts a hand on Dean's shoulder. "Almost always. Let's get a drink, shall we? Put that awful thing out."
“Maybe it’ll be good,” Jack says with his usual sunny optimism. “It seems like you never do anything fun outside of work.”
Dean is still working this situation over his mind. He takes a few steps backward, planning to leave. "I'd thank you, Crowley, but the way I see it, you're still in my debt. You started all this."
"We're not here to punish you, dimwit," Gabriel adds as he sees Cas's expression. "We made a case for you in heaven and they want you back."
“I get attached too easily,” he says in a rush, “and you seem like the type of guy who doesn’t even stay for breakfast.”
When he gets his phone back, he calls Dean's number. The first time, it goes to voicemail. He tries again. It rings for a long time, until he decides to just leave a message, but then Dean answers.
Dean has a lot to think about. So much, in fact, that he would like to stop thinking for a little while because it's getting exhausting.
He pulls out his phone. His thumb hovers over the button to call Crowley. Then he calls Sam instead.
Even guarding his face with one arm, the flash is so bright it lights his eyelids red, seeming to pierce into his skull. The hounds yelp, then go silent.
"Hold on," he says before Crowley can leave. "What—what am I supposed to do now? I mean, demons, angels, hellhounds, hell? What can I possibly do now that I know all this?"
Cas nods. "And your father came from a family of people who collected knowledge about the supernatural. The Men of Letters. Those things may have had something to do with why they were gone, but that was as far as I learned. I wish I could tell you more."
It's in Cas's nature to try to keep him awake, keep checking on him. Come on, Dean. Keep your eyes open. Stay with me. Stay with me…. Instead he has to watch him start to slip away.
"We've still got some time," Dean replies, sweeping the emotion off his face. "Cas and I are going to spend a day to…be normal, I guess. Have some time where we're not dealing with my mess. I owe a lot to that angel. I can never pay him back, but I can at least try to give him something nice to remember me by."
Dean pulls off the shoulder and heads north out of town. “I just… It seems too easy, doesn’t it? That all of that, whatever happened with the demon blood and the powers, just… goes away when Yellow-Eyes dies?”
He nods again. "I mean, I was thinking earlier…I have a brother. He's probably nice, and normal, and—hell, he probably went to school. He's not a murderer. And look at me." He laughs a little, but he becomes solemn fast. "I'm a freakin' mess. I—I've killed more people than I can count, more than I can even remember, and I still remember how I felt killing some of them. The joy of it. The high." He shakes his head, avoiding Cas's gaze. "I don't know what I am now, but I was a monster for a whole…fifteen years longer than I was ever human. I killed someone when I was twelve years old, Cas. The only reason I ever broke out of it was you."
“Oh, it was actually quite fun. It was about two months after John had created Dean – no one knew he even existed at the time, he kept it all a secret – and I was just getting out of my limousine when a certain someone, who had just managed to sneak out for the first time, exclaimed, “This is amazing!” Strangely enough, he meant the car, not yours truly. I got curious – normally, adults don’t show their enthusiasm that openly; but of course he didn’t have any experience with society yet. So we got to talking until, John came to drag him home.”
Dean suppressed a sigh. Of course John would point out that he was happy because he was indoors, far away from any dangers Hollowground presented, instead of asking him why he was happy.
He was trying to figure out how to save the conversation when he heard Crowley announce “Well then, let’s see what your boy has been up to…”
Dean shrugged. “Maybe for some. Not for me though. I mean, how can I not love myself? I’m awesome” he grinned.
, access to magic, could feel that he had indeed been created, if not by, through it and for it, it was replenishing itself quickly and effortlessly, and he was soon feeling rather wonderful, all things considered – but because everyone insisted on bustling about, getting him some water, trying to take his temperature, or just generally looking in to check up on him; and of course Cas wouldn’t let go of his hand.
Bobby looked up from the car he was working on when they approached him. “Ah, boys. Dean, I could use some help here –“
Crowley shook his head, “Neither do I, and that’s what worries me. Between us, we should be able to tell where it’s coming from and whatever who is controlling it wants – because that’s for certain, it definitely isn’t developing naturally.”
He raised an eyebrow, rather unimpressed with it all. “So it can’t be that my powers were suppressing themselves because I was unhappy” – a concept he had only just read about – “And you didn’t want Cas to leave town?”
In a way, they were quite similar, Castiel reflected as he gazed upon Crowley. They hands both left the realms they originally belonged in, although Crowley must have done so with far more enthusiasm and panache Castiel had been able to muster; he hadn’t been back to Hell in years, claiming this world was much more fun, and having all the comforts he could possibly want at home.
Once, it was true, he was distracted, for right there, in the middle of the magic that was the cause of all of this, he could feel – something familiar, something he had known all his life – but he brushed it aside for now, concentrated back on the task at hand –
How often had he tried pointing out to him that three years as an adult familiar were very different from three years as a human child? He’d certainly never needed to be potty-trained, and he’d been able to cook better than John himself from day one, which was why he usually prepared their meals, these days.
Dean was busy putting the burgers on plates, and Cas was struck with how much he seemed already at home in the place even though he’d arrived only a few short minutes ago.
It wasn’t the first time he had done so, far from it, but even he could admit that his visits had become more and more frequent in the last few months. At least Ellen and her daughter Jo, both witches in their own right and long known to John, were sympathetic towards his plight.
Ellen and Bobby and a few others wanted to come with as well – Sheriff Mills’ name was dropped – and while Dean couldn’t deny that John had – well – that he had endangered them all and had apparently mostly tried to use him – for his only goal, really his very only goal in all of this, could have been to get back Mary, and Mary alone – but he had still created him, still referred to himself as his father; he deserved to be heard, at least; and so they went.
He decided to take a walk, and used his powers to make sure he wouldn’t be seen. He sometimes did that, just to make sure people wouldn’t ask things of him he shouldn’t give them – already he ad been in trouble a few times because he’d performed blessing for small problems, and the other angels could be sticklers to rules when it came to such things – and he was, of course, always ready to observe and seek out those who, due to pride or respect or something else, never came to see him.
He knew how they were, of course – Sam and Dean, one a golem, one a human familiar without any of the powers usually associated with them, created by Bobby Singer and John Winchester respectively – and also of the differences in their lives – of Sam always running around town, trying to help people with their legal problems because that was what he wanted to do, while Dean was constantly attempting to evade John.
“That’s very convenient” a gravely voice that most definitely didn’t belong to Crowley or John replied and in his haste to get up, Dean almost hit his head on the bonnet.
That evening, they went to Ellen’s on Dean’s insistence. He wanted people to know he was doing fine.
Somehow, it seemed… almost blasphemous that as pure a soul as Dean should have first talked to Crowley, of all people; but then, he had said he’d helped him…
Sam and Dean had decided to visit Bobby together. That was another thing though, Dean couldn’t help but think was rather unfair – Sam had been allowed to move out, no questions asked. Bobby had shrugged, said “You’re your own person, boy, you do what you want” and that had been that.
Now that it was all over and dealt with, Dean realized he just felt... drained. And not because of the magic he had performed, but because of – everything. His life had just changed irrevocably, and although he knew it to be better, he had yet to completely understand it.
Dean had quickly become one of her best friends, ever since he had first appeared in town, much to John’s chagrin. Luckily, her and Mom very much agreed on the subject – that the familiar should be given much more freedom and time to have fun, and so she knew she wouldn’t begrudge her her plan to play matchmaker. And even if not exactly matchmaker… well, having more friends had never harmed anyone, had it?
Something inside him was calling to him, when he didn’t know how to interpret, how to understand, whether or not it was even telling him to do something or to run.
“I…” he thought about it. “He did create me, so I suppose it’s accurate. And for what it’s worth, he does treat me like a teenager who sneaks out past curfew. And… I am grateful. I am. The world has so much to offer.”
Cas, who, by the looks of it, was currently trying to ascertain what similarities Dean shared with a small furry animal who liked to hop around trees, nodded. “Yes. The golem Bobby Singer created.”
He apparently startled him out of some kind of reflection, for the angel jumped ever so slightly, his wings mirroring the motion just a second later. “Dean.”
Admittedly, over time his appetite for literature had diminished slightly because these days, it tended to remind him of adventures he’d never have and friends he’d never meet; but then…
He cleared his throat. “Yeah, sorry. I tend to shorten people’s names. Give them nicknames, you know.”
“That’s just it. Technically, I’m a human familiar, so I was never a kid, but try and tell John that” he spat.
Normally he would have welcomed that, but he found himself missing Dean without being able to say why. True, Dean had been the first person to talk to him for a longer period of time since… since ever, but that didn’t mean –
And then his text alert rang out. It was his normal, boring one, proving he hadn’t yet given whoever was texting him a special tune to let him know who it was in an instant.
He couldn’t say that he saw many signs of attraction on Castiel’s manner, but then, he wouldn’t know what to look for. He’d hardly talked to Castiel since his creation – they knew of each other, but weren’t friendly, and anyway, he’d always kept to himself.
But as they started bickering, Dean looked around the room and thought that so many people he loved were together, and that they loved him in return; and that he had Cas, and Cas had him, and that was how it always would be.
He let himself fall on the chair next to Dean, knowing Sam wouldn’t have welcomed him to the seat next to him. “The very best your house has to offer, Mrs. Harvelle.”
The smile Dean gave made Castiel’s heart skip a beat, dropping his head to Dean’s chest again as he let the warm feeling embrace him.
“Are you sure, Dean?” A soft yet hungry kiss was the reply as he pressed harder on the oil glands, squeezing more oil out of them. He kept one hand caressing Dean's wing as the other ventured lower, grazing over the curve of the hunter's behind before gently probing the rim, wing oil making Castiel's fingertip slip in and out. Dean moaned, wings flapping slightly as he tried to position himself in a way that Castiel's finger would slip in to him completely, gasping as it slowly slid in to him. He sat for a few seconds, adjusting to the feeling before Castiel began to draw it back out of him, crooking his finger before re-inserting it, catching the small bundle of nerves that had Dean flapping harder than he had done before.
“Probably not. Was just all trickery and magic.” Sam shrugs as he moves again towards the exit, determined to put this night now behind them. Dean sighs and follows him, shuddering as he thinks on how badly it could have ended, thankful that Sam and Castiel got to him in time. The cool air on his wings is a welcome relief as the door is forced open, gulping in lungfuls as he stretches his wings out. Castiel also lets out a breath as the door slams shut behind him, it turning in to a sigh of relief as he spots the Impala where it was left all those hours ago. He shudders as he feels the spell on his wings melt off, shaking them out again before tucking them away on the other plane, ignoring the way Dean stares at his back.
“I’ll get out of your way, I think. Those pancakes aren’t gonna cook themselves, and I’m only in the way here.” There’s a teasing tone to Castiel’s voice, leaving Dean standing speechless in the kitchen as he gapes at Castiel’s retreating figure. “Just call when you’re ready?” Dean nods, swallowing thickly as he deposits pancake mix in a pan as if on autopilot.
“No, it’s not that simple when it comes to injured wings… I’m not entirely sure why they’re more complicated to heal, but I can-
Sam grumbled as Castiel held up his hand to stop the question leaving his mouth, further grumbling at the fact it had already been half way out. It quietened down as the angel furrowed his brow in concentration, head tilted as though he was listening for something. He looked confused, letting the angel see the expression, only to be waved away and the confusion turning to one of his patented bitch faces. Castiel waved him away again, closing his eyes and turning away from Sam so he could further concentrate. The hunter threw his arms in the air, frustrated at the angel's behaviour, excusing himself to try and find some clues as to the whereabouts of his brother. He glanced back before turning the corner to make sure Castiel at least seemed okay, training his gun at the empty space before him. He was at least thankful he'd had the foresight to make sure it was loaded with witch-killing bullets, something about the way Castiel had spoken on the phone had screamed witches at him. It was what the hell witches would want with Dean anyway was eluding him. Castiel had told him that he'd ended up with wings, but not how or why, and he was skeptical that it had happened at all. At least he had been before coming in to this warehouse, before Castiel's wings had been pulled from wherever he usually kept them to settling squarely on the angel's back. Considering everything that had ever happened to them, this wasn't one of the weirder ones, yet something about just the idea of Dean with wings seemed absurd to him. Sam just couldn't picture Dean with wings, no matter how hard he tried to imagine it.
“You decide.” Her hands don’t leave her pockets as she stands, glaring at Dean and Castiel one more time before turning away. “I’m sure you’ll make the right decision. You seem like a smart boy.” Dean stares daggers in to her retreating figure, grip on Castiel tightening again as he whines, trembling starting again as soon as she disappears in to the treeline.
“You will be able to - but it might take some time for you to be able to do it for such long periods again. At least until the angel part of you gets used to it.”
“Wait, Cas!” The loss of even just Castiel's voice in his head, the now deafening silence was crushing, solidifying how alone he currently was.
“No!” Castiel's eyebrow raised in question and Dean mentally cursed himself for how quickly the reply had come. “I... No, that's fine. Here's fine.” He shoved his face in to the pillow and made a vague gesture with his hand to signal to Castiel that he was ready for him to start. He hadn't expected Castiel's touch to be so light, so light that he barely felt it until strong fingers dug in and pulled down, straightening dishevelled feathers and discarding loose ones. Dean gasped at the feeling, causing Castiel to stop mid-pull, the feathers in slight disarray.
“I’m gonna go too - Eileen promised I could help with baking if I managed not to spill anything.” Dean shakes his head, unable to keep the warmth he feels from showing on his face as he smiles at the nephilim.
"Dean...?" Castiel slowly opened the door, expecting to see Dean holding whatever was making the noise at gunpoint. Instead, he found a small child no more than four years old looking up at him, eyes red with tears and swimming in the clothes that Dean had been wearing before he rushed into the bathroom. He whimpered, and then Castiel knew where the noise had come from. He looked down again, and the child moved towards him, wrapping small arms around his leg and looking up expectantly.
“If I hadn't been here, then my grace wouldn't have interfered and given you wings.” Dean shrugged, sliding his hand down to link with Castiel's.
He shook his head, raising his gun again as it had dropped with his thinking, using it to nudge open the door he had wandered to. It opened with a barely audible creak, leading to  large room with an empty table in the centre of it, the tell-tale rust colour of dried blood staining its top. There was another, darker, stain mixed in that Sam couldn't identify from the doorway, creeping closer to it, getting a better look at the rest of the room at the same time. It looked like there was a small forge in the corner, a large stack of silver stakes to the side of it as well as a couple of feathers that Sam had never seen before. He gave the feathers an inquisitive look before turning back to the table, to figure out the darker stain.
“You're a sap, y'know that?” Dean returned the kiss, a soft peck before pulling Castiel in to an embrace. “But I'm glad you're here. I don't know what I would have done if you weren't here.” Castiel chuckled.
“I already have it, Dean.” Castiel smiles as he passes Dean the mortar, not looking as he reaches back for the next thing he knows Dean is going to ask for. Being bonded to an Empath has its perks, the rarity of knowing what people want and feel shared through their connection, making living together and being around each other easier to navigate. Whipping up a large batch of potions and poultices also runs smoothly when both parties now instinctively know what’s needed.
“Either keep still or shut the hell up, you son of a bitch!” His voice echoed off the walls, the rumble stopping briefly. He sighed as he put his head back down, eyes closing as he slowly let the breath out. He was getting tired of being stuck here now, being poked and prodded at, being toyed with. Hell, he was angry about it. He was angry that it seemed to be taking Castiel and Sam so long to find him, and he was definitely going to give them a piece of his mind when they got to him. The rumble started again as he lifted his head up, groaning in frustration.
Dean looked down, sympathy and anger mixed together on his face as he opened his mouth to ask another question.
"Where are your wings?" With this higher vantage point, Dean began to poke the air blindly just behind Castiel's shoulders, trying to connect with something solid and failing. "I wanna see them Cas, why are they hiding?"
He stepped in to the room just as she began to rise out of the chair, irritation clearly written on her face. Castiel stood where he was, frozen, unconsciously trembling as she came closer. He swallowed thickly, trying to make himself look smaller, less of a target for her anger. It didn't work; Naomi putting all of her fury in to the punch that sent Castiel sprawling out of the room. He stumbled, knocking in to the wall behind him, pulling the pictures down with him as he fell. His sprained ankle screamed in pain, growling at the sensation as he landed, earning another punch from Naomi.
“Pull over.” The urgency in Dean’s voice has Castiel’s eyes opening the quickest they ever have, turning to look at the hunter with concern written deeply across his features. Sam also spares a quick glance backwards, brow furrowed in confusion.
“It’s a good idea, that’s probably what they’re trying to avoid. But if we try to head deeper, it may work for us as it’s not what they’re expecting to happen.” Sam shrugged as he said it, loading the clip back in to his gun. Castiel nodded then, his hand sliding down Dean’s arm to give his hand a reassuring squeeze before dropping to his side. More mental notes were made by Sam to ask the pair what the hell was going on there once they were free and away, filing it for safekeeping.
“What?” Castiel tilted his head in confusion before realising what Dean meant, springing away from the Empath as he understood. “Oh! Shit, uh… Hang on.” He took a deep breath, concentrating on the fire going out before looking back at Dean for the all-clear.
“Someone’s cheery this morning.” Dean’s voice was still laced with sleep, the words almost indecipherable as a yawn dwarfed the latter half of the sentence. “Ooh… Is there any of that for me?”
“Just… Open it, Dean.” Dean shrugs, opening the box gingerly, eyes going wide as a blue light creeps through the opening. He nearly gets whiplash looking back up at Castiel who only nods, encouraging him to open the box properly as a blush settles across his face.
“Shit. You, uh… Huh. You really are a fine ass looking dog.” Castiel snorted again, looking away. “I can’t imagine what you’d look like when you’re not like this.”
"Uh, funny story..." He nervously rubbed the back of neck, wondering when it'd got so warm and when Castiel's look had gotten so intense. "Okay, not so funny actually. It doesn't matter Cas." Castiel squinted before replying.
“It’ll be nice having something official to use on documents too, if you want?” There’s only a nod as a response, a soft smile joining the blush on the former angel’s face. “Good. Then it’s settled. September 18th is your birthday.” Dean lets go of Castiel’s hand as he stands, scanning for a marker before finding one on the island in the middle of the kitchen. He turns it over a few times in his hands, turning back to Castiel and holding it out to him.
“Keep telling yourself that, Dean. You keep telling yourself that.” Castiel can’t keep the smile off his face as he reaches past the hunter, grabbing the bandages and placing a swift kiss to his cheek with a wink, leaving Dean dumbstruck and watching the angel’s retreating back as he makes his way back to the library.
“I…” Blush crosses the hunter’s cheeks, wings fluffing up slightly as he looks away from the angel. “Maybe I was a little distracted, yeah. Apparently my brain thinks now is a good time to realise stuff while we’re however high above the ground, and who knows how long from home.”
“If she thinks she’s gonna take you without any resistance, she’s wrong.” Castiel titled his head the other way, confusion radiating off him. “I know what every single one of these herbs does, every good thing… And every bad. I might not be able to shoot lightning from my hands or make shit float, but I know how to use these to protect us. If there’s even a
“... So you don’t want me to leave?” Castiel’s voice is small, hands finding their way in to pockets as Dean still holds him, moving one hand to offer reassurance as best he can.
“D’you wanna elaborate on that for me a bit? Or are we just saying random months now?” Dean puts his fork down, breakfast taking a back seat before he brings his full attention to Castiel. “What’s so special about September?”
“Shit.” Sam slowly moved away, closer to the forge and the strange feathers, trying to figure out how to safely get rid of this coven without losing Castiel or even Dean to a wayward witch. He impulsively grabbed one of the stakes and feathers, putting them in to an inside pocket of his jacket before hastily making his way out of the room. Luckily for him, Castiel hadn't moved, although his eyes were still closed and a more relaxed expression was on his face. Sam looked confused, but quickly pushed the feeling to one side as he gently nudged the angel to get his attention. His eyes opened slowly, softly lit with grace that eerily stayed as Sam motioned that they needed to move. Castiel squinted as Sam pulled out the stake and the feather, the angel's attention snapping to them, his whole posture changing. The grace faded away as the stake was grabbed out of the hunter's hand, anger flooding Castiel's face.
“That kind of run, yes. Now the weather is getting nicer again, it seems the curse of being the breed I am is rearing its head.” He turned to Dean, another coy smile on his face. “It might even have to be a daily occurrence.” A small amount of colour drained from Dean’s face at the prospect of exercise, picking up his mug again and silently draining the remainder of it as Castiel tilted his head at the Empath.
Dean swallowed thickly again, trying to look away from Castiel. He growled, Dean’s gaze quickly snapping back up to level with the Familiar in front of him, a surprised look on his face.
"Hey, look who's up!" He shut the door with his shoulder, juggling bags with his own smile on his face. Castiel moved away to give him room to move, following as he went to dump the bags in the kitchen. There were herbs strung up all over the ceiling drying out, easy reach for someone of Dean's height, Castiel could easily describe the atmosphere as cozy. It followed on from the other room smoothly, well-worn fittings yet well loved and well looked after, the same musky smell that was unmistakably Dean. He took in a deep breath, trying to inhale as many smells as he could, Dean turning just as he let the breath out again. He laughed, the sound causing butterflies in Castiel's stomach, smiling as he emptied the bags.
“Hey… Hey, hey, hey.. I got you, she’s gone…” Castiel only whined again, moving further in to Dean’s chest as the tremors began to subside. “I’m not gonna make you go back either, okay? I promise, Cas, you’re not going anywhere.” Dean moves away, looking Castiel in the eye as the first cold drop of rain begins to fall. It isn’t long before they’re falling thick and fast, Dean all but dragging Castiel under the trees to save them from getting any more saturated when he stubbornly refuses to move. The tremors at least now are from being cold rather than fear, the odd shake from terror creeping through as Dean shakes off how strange it should be that he can feel the difference. He doesn’t stop his hands through Castiel’s fur as they wait for the rain to at least ease off enough to make a mad dash back to the parking lot, to Dean’s baby and back to the safety of home. Dean presses his face into Castiel’s wet fur, still murmuring reassuring things as he looks up, almost willing the rain to stop.
“You’ve nothing to apologise for, Cas.” Dean shrugs, only hissing slightly as he pulls back enough to give the angel a reassuring smile, running his hand down his arm until their fingers are linked. “You’re doing everything you can to make sure I’m staying in one piece… And there’s still a
The words hit Dean as a wave, almost knocking him over with the force they’re coming from Castiel. He doesn’t say anything as he works his hand through Castiel’s fur, making gently shushing noises and pointedly ignoring the dark cloud coming over in favour of calming him down.
“Jus- Five.” Dean holds his hand up as an indication to give him five minutes to try and get his breath back, his head connecting with the trunk of the tree with a dull thud, eyes closed. Castiel nudges his other arm away from his side as he squirms in to the space, resting his head against Dean’s chest to keep track of the man’s heart rate.
“I… I understand your reservations about it, but… I thought you’d be pleased that you’d have something to celebrate rather than… I’m sorry. I should have discussed it with you before making the decision.” Castiel moves to stand, eyes going wide as Dean grabs his wrist.
“I, um, was thinking. Only if you want to, that is, I don’t want to force you in to anything…” Dean’s hand is on the back of his neck again, the tips of his ears pink, and Castiel is starting to think that he has a magnet in his neck and hand for them to meet so frequently.
“I don’t think so, pretty boy. You’re going to stay right where you are.” She leaned closer to him again, her breath hot on his cheek. “And we’re going to take every last part of you we can use, sweetheart.” She span away, cackling as anger burnt bright throughout Dean. He could feel the grace burning hot inside him, working its way through every nerve in his body, almost feeling like he could explode. The witch had stopped cackling, looking at where Dean was pinned with concern on her face, taking a cautious step backwards to the door she must have crept in from. She took another step backwards, hitting the door, trying to subtly open it before he noticed what she was doing, freezing when he snapped his focus to her.
“Exactly. Like learning how to land properly. And there’s a whole load of stuff I probably can’t even
Dean is staring at Castiel intently when he comes to again, the look on his face one that he can't quite place. It looks like a mix of pity and awe, twisting Dean's features in to an interesting pattern that in itself isn't unpleasant to look at. It also puts him slightly on edge, sitting up and moving slightly further away as a subtle hint to hopefully get him to stop. Dean does look guilty as he sits up himself -
“I did it.” Castiel didn’t expect the hug, Dean’s arms wrapping around him as he stood there wondering what to do.
"Cas, it's okay. In fact, that was better than okay." He stood up, eyes open properly, the tiny glimmer gaining more strength. He turned Castiel around and began rubbing small circles on his shoulder blades where he imagined his wings would be.
“Mhmm.” Castiel gave Dean’s hands a reassuring squeeze, an almost vice like grip returned by the hunter as he waited for whatever Castiel was about to do next.
“Hmm… That would be acceptable.” Castiel sighs, resigning himself to the fact that he was now awake before moving, lying on his front as he looks up at Dean from his position on his chest. He brushes his hand along Dean’s cheekbone, feeling the warmth from the hunter’s blush before it’s pulled away; Dean pressing a soft kiss to his palm before linking their fingers together.
“Awesome!” Dean beams as Sam stares at him, not quite believing that his brother has just helped to smite an entire coven. His wings shudder slightly as Castiel gives his hand another squeeze, a small smile on the angel’s face as he looks at their entwined fingers.
Dean dragged a hand down his face, sighing as he did so. Who knew that getting up to pee would bring a completely different dilemma to the front of his mind? He sighed again, pulling on the cord that brought light to the tiny motel bathroom. Dean's wings slumped, the movement in the mirror catching his eye as he turned to look at them properly for the first time. The bleak light made it slightly more difficult for Dean to tell if the paler feathers were in fact white or a sickly pale yellow colour, but the various shades of brown were easy to distinguish. He turned this way and that, trying to catch more of the pattern before extending them as much as the small room allowed.
Castiel woke with a jerk, senses on high alert. Something wasn't right, and he couldn't put his finger on what it was. He looked down, ready to shake Dean awake only to find an empty spot where the hunter should have been lying. The deafening silence from the rest of the motel room spurned him in to getting out of bed, using his grace to dress and search for where the hunter could have gone. There were no signs in the bathroom, everything dry and unused as it had never been used. Castiel could feel the panic rising in his throat, noticing the hunter's duffel bag still on the floor by the foot of the bed adding to it. Even the keys to the Impala were resting on the table, untouched.
“I mean it, you have me, Cas. And you never have to worry about losing me again. Promise.” Dean adjusted his hand on Castiel’s face, meeting him halfway as he drew the angel in for a soft kiss. “Should have done that years ago too.”
! I said I was sorry!” Dean laughed, bending over double as he felt the bitch face Sam was wearing boring holes into his back, wiping errant tears from his eyes as he stood back up again. “You’re a jerk, y'know that?”
Castiel huffed, closing his eyes as Dean lay his hand gently on his head, unconsciously beginning to stroke him as another weary sigh escaped him.
, doesn’t it?” Dean shrugged again, wings settling in to a more relaxed position on his back now that the immediate danger has passed. His wings flare up again when he doesn’t see Castiel - head and body whipping round as he tries to see where the angel has gone.
“We'll figure this out Dean. If my grace changed the spell so this happened, maybe the answer lies there.” The small glimmer that had appeared in Dean's eyes earlier had all but faded now, replaced with determination, and Castiel knew that he was now committed to finding a solution to the feathery problem.
Dean laughs as he pulls Castiel down again, hands finding their way underneath the trenchcoat to pull him closer until Castiel has to adjust his position. A weak keening noise comes from Dean as Castiel settles squarely on his lap, not breaking the kiss as all higher brain functions briefly stop working. Castiel pulls away a few seconds later, a goofy smile on his face as he looks back down at Dean with a pure look of affection on his face. The blush returns as he briefly glances away, hand covering his mouth to stifle the laugh that has Dean’s brow furrowing in confusion and sending a nervous spike across their bond.
"Okay, Dean." He hid his wings again, giving the lamp a dirty look before placing Dean on one of the motel beds. He sighed, turning to the pile of books that littered the table to resume his search to how to get Dean back to normal.
“Are you planning on staying there all day, or do you actually want me to strap your wing up?” The sentence is thrown over Castiel’s shoulder as he leaves, briefly turning to see Dean’s attention snap back to him and push away from the wall - the way he flinches in pain doesn’t go unnoticed - as he all but scrambles to catch up to the angel.
Dean groaned, his arm moving from his torso to over his eyes again; Castiel using the distraction to lie on Dean completely, letting out another huff of laughter as noises of protest escaped the Empath.
“Is it still there Cas? Your grace?” Castiel met Dean's eyes slowly, a small amount of guilt working its way into his eyes.
"That's it! Dammit, I was so close!" Castiel rolled his eyes as Dean sat back down, looking now at him with more interest than all the other times before. "And this is your shifted form, right? A massive dog? You sure it's not a wolf?"
More flowers sprang up at Dean’s feet as he continued to grumble, muttering under his breath as he turned away from Castiel and started to head back towards the exit of the park; flowers appearing each time his foot lifted from the grass. Castiel only watched as the trail appeared, tail picking up speed and swirling loose petals in to the air around him, casting an almost fairytale filter over Dean’s retreating figure. His breath was stolen from him as Dean turned back, scowl melting off his face as the dumbstruck feeling Castiel was experiencing washed over him.
an entire coven?” The disbelief is also clear in Sam’s voice as his eyebrows inch higher in to his hairline.
“Is there really no way of fixing this with grace?” Castiel shakes his head, turning towards the stairs, briefly looking over the banister to check if Sam had arrived yet or not.
Knocking on glass dragged him from his reverie, Sam motioning to hurry up as the feel of Dean’s grumbling became more intense. He shot the younger Winchester an apologetic look, throwing the bags in the trunk before sliding into the passenger seat.
He freezes at the voice, not daring to turn to face it as he begins to tremble. He doesn’t register Dean running to him, sliding on his knees to a stop in front of him, doesn’t hear the words he can see are coming from his mouth. He can only whine in response, all but collapsing in to Dean’s arms as he looks around for the reason behind Castiel’s sudden shift in demeanour. He glowers as he spots the woman in the business suit stalking towards them, holding Castiel tighter as another whimper escapes him and his trembling intensifies. The pure terror that radiates off Castiel makes Dean shudder, although he isn’t entirely sure that the cold feeling he gets from the woman helps, something about her making his skin crawl in a way that feels familiar but he can’t immediately place.
“Do what you gotta do, Cas. Just… Try and be gentle?” The words are slightly muffled by the way the hunter’s face is pressed against the wood, the concern making its way through clearly despite the obstacle.
"They are not hiding. They are there, you just cannot see them." Dean looked up at Castiel with big eyes again, and he noticed that they were similar to the ones Sam gave - he also found himself bending to a will behind a question that was yet to be asked.
“I damn well hope so - she isn’t gonna take you. You might not be stuck with me at the end of it, but you’ll have your freedom to do whatever you want afterwards.” Castiel moved from the doorway, settling down again by Dean’s feet as he looked down with an eyebrow cocked.
“Open it and find out.” The glow only gets more intense as Dean opens it properly, jaw dropping at the delicate vial cushioned within. “I wasn’t sure what to get you, and Sam suggested something that had a special meaning to you… I only hope this fits that description.”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean threw the book down in frustration, loose papers lifting off the table and floating gracefully to the floor. “There is nothing in these Cas. Nothing. We're getting nowhere.” Castiel looked up from the book he was reading with an apologetic look on his face, shifting in the chair he was on to make himself more comfortable. Dean's irritation was clearly displayed in the wings, draped on either side of the chair so he could lean back as much as he can and a sigh escaped him.
"Angels are magic, Cas. You'll make me big again." A yawn made the last part of the sentence almost indecipherable, but Castiel understood what the yawn meant. "Jus' try this." Dean reached up to place two fingers on Castiel's forehead, and he knew what was trying to be said.
“You didn't ask the first time. And you can have it back when you've answered me.” The fury that had taken a back seat was now taking centre stage in Castiel's eyes, a small amount of grace making it more obvious. “Staring at this isn't gonna magically bring Dean back, no matter how much you want it to. We have to go and look for him, and I think that warehouse might be the best place to start. Do you agree, or not?” Castiel only glowered, his eyes never leaving the feather that Sam was childishly holding above his head. The grace did leave his eyes however, and Sam cautiously lowered his arm.
“Huh.” The way they looked so natural on his back unnerved him slightly, as though they'd always been there, and he shuddered slightly. Dean shook his head – why was he doing that so much? - and leaned to the sink, letting the cold water run before splashing some on his face. He let the drips run off his face, falling in to the sink one by one, looking up to stare himself dead in the eyes. The bright blue eyes that returned his gaze sent him reeling, knocking in to the bathroom door and blinking rapidly to try and clear his vision.
quicker to fly than it is to drive.” Dean swallowed thickly behind Castiel, paling slightly again at the thought of the only other method of transportation being taken away from him. He swallowed again, mustering some bravado as he managed to square his shoulders again, turning to Sam.
“... Are you ever gonna let that go?” Castiel shrugged, the grin already on his face getting wider as he nudged Dean again.
"Had to get some more ingredients to get you all fixed up - didn't realise I'd let my stocks get so low. Has been a while since I've had to use them though, so I'm not complaining about sharpening up some rusty skills. Especially on such a good patient." Castiel smiled, tail involuntarily thumping against the cabinet, taking him by surprise. He whipped around to try and see what it was doing, briefly getting caught in chasing it before realising what he was doing, sinking to the floor in embarrassment. He hid his face under his paws, trying to hide more as Dean laughed more at his antics, the embarrassment rolling off him in waves. Dean's laugh subsided, changing in to a sympathetic smile as Castiel willed the floor to swallow him whole.
“... Yes as in my grace is still there. And no because...” He faltered, trying to look down again but Dean's hand stopped him from doing so. “And no because your soul has in effect claimed it. There were... Cracks... In your soul that it has filled and it has made the grace your own. The wings are a physical manifestation of essentially, your grace.” Dean's hand dropped from Castiel's face, and Castiel dropped his gaze back to the motel floor.
“Better now. So much better now.” A small smile sat on Castiel’s face as their wings drifted closer together, stopping only as Sam cleared his throat.
“Just do it. Quicker we can figure it out, quicker we can get to fixing it.” Dean closes his eyes, trying to will himself to relax so Castiel can work unimpeded. He feels the warmth of the angel’s grace seeping through the feathers that coat the top of his wing; curious, purpose driven,
Dean shakes his head at Castiel’s confusion, moving forward to ruffle the fur on the top of his head.
“Right answer.” Dean lifted Castiel’s hand to his lips, pressing a gentle kiss to the knuckle before looking back out to the sky. “Home it is.”
“I'm fine. I am, however, worried about Dean.” He turned to look at Sam, the younger Winchester's brow furrowed in concern. “Sam, I'm fine. Save your concern for your brother.” Sam turned back, the buildings becoming denser the further they drove. One building blended in to the next, a wall of red brick, boarded up windows and broken glass that didn't seem to want to change any time soon. Sam could feel himself starting to zone out, the monotony of the buildings almost lulling him to sleep, not paying as much attention as he should have been. Castiel's arm flying across his chest brought him back to his senses, swerving the Impala as the shock of the movement set in.
"Dean. Why are you on the floor?" His face went a deep shade of red that he tried miserably to hide before turning to Castiel, looking embarrassed.
“Hmmm?” The hunter is standing next to an open cupboard as Castiel looks round, a smug grin on his face at finding exactly what they were looking for first. “You know, some of your charm does disappear when you look that smug.” The look immediately drops from Dean’s face as it’s replaced with mock offence, hand coming to his chest for a few seconds before the whole facade crumbles; unable to keep the smile from settling on his features as he looks at Castiel.
“It can’t be. There’s all the corridors an-” Dean steps away from Castiel, closer to Sam, trying to get a better look at the door. “Son of a bitch! There never were any corridors, or any other rooms really, was there?”
“Is that a threat?” His voice is low and carefully measured, grip on Castiel subconsciously tightening again.
Dean came to slowly, both wings throbbing in various places as he tried to stretch them. A quick glance showed gaps where larger feathers were missing, and he felt bile rise in his throat, the sick feeling settling deep in his stomach at what had been done to him. He squirmed, trying to ease the ache across his shoulders, to at least try and make himself more comfortable. The pins keeping his wings in place made it impossible to do so, every small movement causing them to pull or push against the wounds that were already there, adding to the pain. Grace was still steadily leaking out, leaving Dean feeling weaker than he'd felt in a long time – the last time he could remember feeling so drained was when he had been caught by the Djinn. He let his head fall back against whatever the hell it was he was propped against – or was he lying on something? - closing his eyes again as a wave of tiredness washed over him. His mouth felt dry yet he swallowed thickly, trying to kick start his saliva glands in to doing something to get rid of the sticky feeling forming in his throat. It had surprised him how quickly he thought he had adapted to having wings, but the way he was stuck now had made him realise just how big a change they really were, and how unprepared for them he actually was. He made a mental note to ask Castiel how to hide them once he was out of this predicament, heart skipping a beat as he thought of the angel. Dean smiled as he remembered the feel of his hands running through his feathers, the grounded feeling it had given him, a sense that even with this change that everything would be okay.
It was five hours before Dean came back round, consciousness hitting him like a tonne of bricks and alerting Castiel with the groan that escaped the hunter. He sat up slowly, head in hands, then quickly doubled over as pain racked his abdomen, and he barely made it to the bathroom before the pain became so much that he was whimpering.
Castiel couldn’t help but stare at him as he placated John. Then, he inquired, “Did you really break your own car?”
“Yeah, sure, just wanted to visit you, is all”. He held up the bag he’d stopped at Ellen’s bar for. “Have you ever had one of Ellen’s burgers?”
Maybe things would have turned out differently if he could have helped John with his experiments. Maybe. Maybe not. It was hard to tell.
“When I get whoever did this” Crowley mumbled another one of his usual threats when he got frustrated.
They were having lunch at Ellen’s, since Cas had been called to a sickbed. Many considered it a solace for the ill to see the guardian angel there.
But this was Cas, so he did what he had always done when it was demanded of him, closed his eyes and willed the magic surrounding them, and –
Crowley’s expression hardened. “Don’t tell me you can’t feel it – there’s been a distinct surge in magic around Hollowground lately, and it doesn’t feel natural.”
Dean was read to start climbing the walls. While John had eventually unlocked the door after sobering up – he usually did – he hadn’t apologized – he usually didn’t – and he certainly had shown no signs of seeing things in a different way from now on – something he probably never would.
Bobby hummed. “When these two agree on something, it normally means it’s true. Well, I could drop by his tower and ask him if there’s anything he needed…”
He would have to remind himself to thank them later, he thought as the fatigue properly set in. He picked up his bag. “I think that’s – “
“Exactly. He’s my best friend – more like a little brother, really, you know, he’s the only other magically crafted human in town, so it just feels right…”
He opened his eyes. Clearly, he was at Ellen’s place; she was busy cooling his forehead with a cloths, shaking her head. “One can’t let you alone for one second.”
The trouble was the wanting. And what he wanted – only he only rarely admitted it to himself – was – well –
Sam came over to pull both of them into hugs, grinning brightly. “Wasn’t sure you two wouldn’t hide in a corner so you could be alone.”
Cas hesitated for a moment, then reached out and stroked his cheek. “Five hours twenty-three minutes and forty-eight seconds.”
“Yes, sir” he sighed, once more thinking how Bobby had never forced Sam to call him anything, even though of the two of them, Sam was technically the one who as supposed to be a servant, while Dean was more like a… partner in magic; and maybe, if he’d actually had any powers, John would have seen him as such…
When he came to, he was lying in Cas’ bed – granted, he’d hoped he’d first see it in quite different circumstances, but what could you do.
He was a good brother, however, and so he continued to study them while Crowley began to annoy Bobby, one of his favourite past times.
Sam wisely chose to say nothing, being aware that he would go over it all over and over in his head no matter what. He really knew him very well, for only having been around two years.
He doubted it was working though because he was seriously starting to consider the knives in the kitchen as a method to –
Maybe, in another city but Hollowground, they would have looked and laughed at him; then again, he was talking to a demon and a golem, so maybe not.
Dean was just so… he supposed the word was enthusiaatic. Yes, he was enthusiastic, no matter what he did or who he spoke off.
“And you think she would have wanted this? Twenty years of you living in the past, creating another being just to try and get her back?” He had always spoken of Mary as almost an angel, and while Dean didn’t quite believe that she had been that good a person, there was nothing to indicate she hadn’t at the very least been a decent human being.
Soon, people began to arrive, most of them immediately making a bee line for Dean and Cas, as usual these days.
It was the first time Castiel had ever allowed himself to think about leaving Hollowground. He knew it was wrong, of course; he had chosen to look after the city; and yet – and yet.
He didn’t think he’d be very good company. He wasn’t good company on his good days, according to his siblings, so why should he be so now?
“Tell us” Crowley said, and perhaps he wouldn’t have, if his – if his friend hadn’t sounded sincere for the first time in such a long time, maybe ever since he had known him, that he had no idea how to say no to him.
to know how to do this, to practise it. He was, after all, a magical being. He had been created to use magic, to amplify it, to help other magic users. To eb able to feel and use it. To make the most of the gifts nature had granted them. It was at the core of his very soul.
He’d been wondering what to get Cas for Christmas for a while. After all, the guy was an angel; what could he need?
Cas automatically moved to half-cover Dean with one of his wings; he wished he could have cuddled into the feathers, but that would have to wait until they were alone. “You know Cas? MY boyfriend.”
And so he walked, walked through this town he had chosen as his own, watched the people, listened to their conversations, took it all in.
Cas didn’t leave his side, silently supporting him; and it quickly transpired that Sam and Crowley were busy cleaning out perishables from the fridge and just generally making sure the house was secure.
Wonderful. Not only did he have to catch feelings for the only angel for miles around, but it was one his creator had a particular grudge against because he wouldn’t play Frankenstein and resurrect his dead wife when he demanded it off him, as if he owed him a favour.
But at the same time, right now Dean couldn’t really be angry at his fate. Not if it had led him to this.
Oh. Of course. They hadn’t been together long, they’d kissed twice – really, he couldn’t imagine – “I’m sure Sam or Bobby’ll put me up for a while” he supplied.
He stared at his phone. With anyone else, he would have assumed that they were flirting by asking if he was; but this was Cas, and he was most likely asking because he didn’t know.
He’d even started reading up about the car Dean had explained to him. It didn’t really entertain him much, but helped him recall his sparkling eyes as he had described the limousine’s history…
Dean looked around. It was sparsely furnished but seemed comfortable enough. “Where’s your kitchen?”
Plus, they had Crowley with them. One wrong word and the problem would probably be dealt with. Not that Dean (even with how angry he felt upon realizing that, considering the amount of power involved, John must have been alright with the thought of him burning up) wanted that.
Sam sighed. “You say that when you manage to take a sump plug for a bolt screw again. I assure you, he’s not the least bit relaxed then.”
“I – it would be no good of me, to try and explain or… people and life – they both have to move on.”
And he had no one to talk to about it. Yes, the people respected him and he believed that, as far as guardian angels went, he was well-liked enough, mostly because he did his job; but he wouldn’t have called any of them his friends…
It took Dean another hour to get up, not because he couldn’t – on the contrary, now that he had finally,
“You go out sometime though” he tried, feeling rather helpless. He certainly had no idea how to make him feel better. “I saw you a few weeks ago… you’d been at Bobby Singer’s…”
Yes, he’d technically only been alive for three years, but he’d still emerged as a fully grown adult, who knew all the basics about life and magic (even though – as he yet again recalled with a small stab of pain – he’d never been able to do magic himself) and everything in-between. He figured he should be given a little more trust.
He rolled his red eyes. “Come on, Feathers, it’s just a figure of speech. Certainly you’ve heard of those?”
And so, the people continued to watch Dean and Castiel, some making bets as to when things would start to happen.
“Any guardian angel of Hollowground is to be issued his own cell phone. Article 3 subsection b-7 of the town constitution.”
Crowley seemed to finally have realized what was going on, although sadly, it wasn’t good news by any stretch of the imagination.
It was a tactic of Sam’s he tried every few months, to attempt and get Dean to tell John to stuff it and ideally move out. He had even offered him a place at his apartment multiple times, sometimes backed by Bobby as well. It wasn’t that Dean was not grateful – it was simply that his gratitude was pulled into all kinds of different directions.
“I think he needs a bit of a distraction. Doesn’t do anyone any good, being cooped up” Crowley continued.
However, today he was in luck. John came into the room. At first, he thought he was going to inspect his work, but then he said, “Make yourself presentable. The mayor called – his car won’t start. Wants us to take a look.”
This was also the attitude of most other patrons of the bar that evening. Dean was well-liked – really rather more than John, although no one said so out loud – and seeing him happy was a treat for many. And Castiel… well, he was a little strange, but he was their guardian angel, so they were eager to see him happy as well.
Point was, he’d been a good boy for a while now, since John called him into existence, and he just wanted to be by his own for a little bit, had simply been feeling restless for a while now, and so he stole down to Ellen’s bar.
“Took you long enough… What were you even doing?” Dean’s voice is muffled against the leather of the back seat, turning his head mid sentence so he can be heard more clearly. He purposely ignores Sam’s snicker, flipping him the middle finger before turning his attention back to Castiel.
familiar with?” Dean nodded, kicking his feet up on to the sofa, arm resting over his eyes as he let Castiel finish the batch of potion. Castiel sighed again as he moved the pot back on the stove, clicking his fingers to light the flame beneath it once more. He sighed again before scratching at his ear, a niggling feeling there he couldn’t quite reach before stopping, finger still firmly in his ear.
First of all, there was Ellen, who was seizing them up with a motherly sort of concern. “Do you think –“
“Hey” he whispered against his lips afterward, “We’re both going to make it. And afterward, we’ll talk about all of this, alright?”
Dean decided he might as well enjoy this while it lasted and dragged him into their very first kiss.
But today, he simply wanted no one to see him. Oh, Crowley could, naturally, but he normally knew when to leave him alone.
He then happened across another door and decided he might as well check what was behind it, despite angels not being curious by nature.
Dean, probably because he hadn’t been around long enough to remember him waltzing into the city like he owned the place, had always been one of those who got along well with Crowley. Really, he quite liked the demon, although he would never have told him that to his face, his ego was quite big enough as it was; and so, he greeted him amicably enough.
No, it wasn’t. Magic was a fact of life, every child knew that, and those susceptible to it, like humans capable of performing spells and creatures could train themselves to feel it; but this was something else.
He didn’t even turn around. At the beginning, he had thought Crowley had been making fun of his feathers, like his brothers and sisters; however, he’d quickly learned that the demon simply gave everyone a nickname to use when he was feeling mischievous.
Dean had heard parents tell their children that and wondered if it had ever worked in the history of humanity.
He was ordering him around like a servant, and Castiel felt resentful. And if he did, what must Dean’s emotions be about all of this?
“Sounds awesome.” Dean kind of wanted a big family, had done so ever since he became aware and realized it was only him and John. It was another reason staying at home was so damn difficult – he wanted to meet people, get to know them. If only John could see reason…
Sometimes Dean wondered why Crowley had decided to become the mayor of Hollowground, of all things. He doubtlessly could have become a rich business guy, or perhaps go into crossroads; he’d have taken over every available one at the end of the year, he was ready to bet. Still – it all worked for them.
“If you say so, Peaches.” Dean had never bothered with any titles when it came to Crowley, and the mayor had never insisted. Probably knew it was a lost cause.
“That’s good, then.” Somehow, it was difficult to find the words to express just how much Cas and their life together meant to him.
“Let me say it like this. So, humans, right? For centuries, they walked, or the rode horses and carriage, and then one was like “Hey, wouldn’t it be sweet if we built a machine to do that?” And now, here we are, Mercedes-Benz S-Class – amazing. was introduced in 1981, sharing the petrol V8 engines with its four-door version, W126. After the introduction of new nomeculate scheme, SEC was simply renamed as S-Class Coupé. For 1996 model year, the coupé was separated from S-Class line and named as new CL-Class…” he stopped talking when he realized he was quoting the Wikipedia article he’d actually written (there was only so much to do around the house).
And so, with a heavy heart, he asked Cas, Sam and Crowley (who had lingered around with an expression that had obviously been carefully chosen to project “I don’t care I am just here to see how it ends”, although at this point, since he’d already beamed to Paris and back so Dean could have some éclairs, no one believed him) to accompany him.
“Dean, where have you –“ his eyes widened as he saw their group and realized that he and Cas were holding hands. “Was is this?”
“And whose fault is that?” she scoffed. “If he’d tried to find a nice girl – it wasn’t as if he’d anyone to look after, and he was very young when Mary died… so if he’d tried, instead of doing his useless experiments…” she glanced at Dean. “No offense.”
Maybe he could stay with Sammy for a while… and Bobby and Ellen certainly would offer him a place as well… hell, Crowley was perhaps ready to…
He was on cloud freaking nine. Cas found him attractive, at the very least, and who knew what could happen? “Good day, that’s all.”
Dean had never properly celebrated Christmas before. John had all but stopped doing so after his wife died, and had never considered that he might want to. Grated, last year she’d managed to sneak to Bobby’s and see Sam, but that had been it.
Sam, of course, soon showed up as well and didn’t leave their side the entire evening, and Crowley and Bobby were quick on their heels.
“So you are saying Dean and Cas are just going to try and close this – this breach? And no one else gets a say in this?”
He had no idea why Joe would dart into the back as quickly as she could after she’d brought him his drink, but he assumed it was some kind of human necessity.
“Forget about it; a city with a guardian angel is safer than one without one, and I’d rather live in a safe town.”
“For God’s sake, Feathers, just take the damn phone” he rolled his eyes. “I took the liberty of saving a few numbers, you know the important ones, mine for one.”
Yet – he’d had that with his siblings, and he’d rather left heaven than stay with them. And he wouldn’t mind talking to Dean some more. Maybe Dean came to Ellen’s now and then. Then they could sit at a table in the dark, and speak of…
And why was he asking himself those questions in the first place? He was an angel, he wasn’t supposed to
Castiel didn’t doubt that; there had been rumours in town as to what Crowley got up to in his mansion, for almost as long as he’d been mayor, Ellen had told him.
“I know”. She’d always considered John’s behaviour perfectly unreasonable. Yes, being a parent – and he ostensibly continued to see himself as such – could be scary, but that didn’t mean one had any right to keep the child from living, and that was what he was doing to poor Dean, who was always so glad when he could sneak out and see them.
“Ahm…“ Dean hoped against hope that he wasn’t blushing. Oh, who was he kidding. Of course he was blushing.
“That explains John storming around town” Jo observed, skipping behind the bar. “Saw him from afar, decided I wanted nothing to do with that particular storm.”
For a second he stopped, and Dean didn’t like the look in his eyes one bit, but then he continued “What I mean to say, is that Dean was made using a spell that normally binds familiars to those who practice magic. He was made with magic in mind – it makes sense that he should be more receptive towards magic. And again – this is clearly magical.”
Cas had proved every bit as intriguing in person as he had when he had been nothing but a guardian angel Dean admired from the distance.
Crowley snorted. “No; guy just has a problem with free will, especially when it comes to his own creation. Trust him to figure out how to make a familiar in human form and then end up with a normal guy without any powers – not that Dean’s not pretty to look at, mind.”
Somewhat ironic that Bobby had tried his hands at creating a golem so that he could help at the scrap yard, and Dean being the one far more interested in cars. He reminded himself to go visit him soon.
, a – not, not even grey mass; you couldn’t call something grey that wasn’t, that wasn’t anything, how, how – something that made you feel like you’d gone blind as you looked at it.
Cas though – Cas was interested in what he had to say, and enthusiastic about trying out new things, and he’d never considered Dean a lesser being just because he happened to be a familiar without magic.
“Nothing ahs happened yet” Sam said even though he had to admit he had never seen Dean like this – so relaxed and utterly captivated by the angel; as if he’d simply forgotten about John and his restrictions and was living a normal life for once.
He didn’t stop to greet anyone, simply made a beeline for Cas’ booth and slid into the seat opposite the angel. “Heya, Cas.”
Soon enough, they were standing in front of the house he’d lived the last three years on. He squeezed Cas’ hand – they had yet to let go of one another – and searched for his key.
Luckily, Cas had used their weeks of dating (he could call it that now, right?) to stock up his fridge, and there was more than enough food for Dean.
His face lit up with hope, but Dean recognized it as the repulsive hope born out of fear for his own hide, nothing else, certainly not worry about him or their relationship. “I – of course. You Cahn leave whenever you want –“
It was full enough that Ellen and Joe were rather busy. It was the later who came to take his order.
As always, people were nice enough to leave him a booth so he could stretch his wings. Sometimes, being a guardian angel had its perks.
“That’s true” Cas said simply. “I have often been approached by those who have recently lost someone.”
Sam had been called in by Joe as well and had alerted Bobby, just so they could ensure no one would do something stupid like alerting
He tilted his head to the side to study him properly. “You seem fully grown to me. Is there some human life stage that I am not familiar with?”
And yet… Dean couldn’t help but feel that there was a certain… sadness about him. As if he was… lonely.
Dean said a silent prayer of thanks that Cas was nowhere near his home at the moment – if he knew something about hi- about the angel, then it was that he wouldn’t hesitated to throw himself in harm’s way if it meant saving the city, and a magical –
“We’re not yet dating – officially.” Despite them more or less deciding to try and enjoy each other’s company as often as possible, they were not yet an item – not that Dean would have had anything against it.
pretty certain Crowley was behind this, b. he was equally sure he could just snap his fingers and – bam – running car, and c. how often did he get the opportunity to talk to his crush? (Not that he admitted it was a crush, not even to himself. Some things were meant to be hidden, tucked away).
The Nothing was growing. There could be doubt about it; it was practically doing so before their very eyes.
Dean nodded. “Well, he’s a bastard, but a good guy underneath it all. There’s nothing much wrong with this car. If you ask me, he did it himself.”
“Crowley was right. Someone tried to breach the wall between the worlds, but not exactly in the way he meant.”
What a contradictory bunch humans were, Castiel thought. “So – do you need anything?” he finally settled on his usual question when he didn’t understand them.
“Really. So that nice little breach between this world and the next that was next to Cas’ tower was just what? Coincidence?”
Somehow, he already knew when he watched Cas’ face fall that he didn’t want to hear the answer to his inquiry.
It was a question he had himself often contemplated. He loved cars, but that didn’t mean he had to work on them his entire life; and then there was – well –
“Come on, pick up pick up pick up –“ he muttered, hoping that Sammy wasn’t off giving legal advice again –
But that couldn’t be possibly, of course. Angels didn’t get lonely… did they? He supposed they were like demons, and Crowley had never seemed lonely to him…
He laid aside the book he’d been perusing in hopes of distracting himself, admitting that it had been another failure, and walked over to his window so he could look down upon the town.
“I know Dean likes him a great deal” Joe shrugged. “Has been obsessed with our angel since he learned we had one. No idea why, but hey, if Castiel is good company to him… and you know he doesn’t have many chances to make friends.”
