Sharp. John sat back on the black leather chesterfield and watched the sharp, well-attired man, bespoke suit and exquisite dark curls, sharply cut down an attempt by a group of colleagues to engage him in conversation. John dragged one finger along the edge of his wine glass and allowed himself to keep watching from a distance.
After the program finished he went online. There were youtube videos of the man playing and he watched them all. Made more tea, checked on his waning fever, read wikipedia pages, watched more videos, set up an account for a music streaming service on his phone.
And finally, unexpectedly, his cock was enveloped by hot decadence of a mouth moaning vibrations into his flesh.
Sherlock whispered, pulling far too gently, sliding his thumb over the glans. "Since I first saw you you've been staring at my fingers." John licked and sucked harder. "And every time I thought about what they could do to you, John."
This time when he helped John take off his jacket he made sure he stood just a tad too close, leaned down a bit, ran the tips of his fingers very briefly over the edges of the jacket, over John's exposed neck and wrists.
With some difficulty and support from sure hands he was helped up. Another passionate kiss. He suppressed a small moan.
He carefully reread everything John had ever published on his blog. The posts, the edits, the comments and replies. Nothing. He then searched John's room for any clues, and relocated all his books, medical textbooks and journals excluded, to the sitting room sofa. There were no diaries or personal letters.
There. Done. He unplugged the blue ethernet cable and the laptop was offline. The way he kept it while he wrote. And he was ready to sit down and write for several hours. Bursting with a nervous energy, somewhat angry with himself, his ridiculous obsession with Sherlock Holmes, the character in the third installment of his trilogy who clearly resembled the pianist in appearance and who was about to engage in a fist fight in this chapter.
John responded to all the questions. Called Tuesday evening to hear how Sherlock was doing. They spoke for almost an hour, Sherlock adrenalized and John exhausted from work and heat.
He was offered some water and he drank as ordered. Already fighting his body, too aroused to easily keep still. He tried a few slow calming breaths. Oh, fuck, he could smell him.
The response was magnificent. John was twitching, moaning openly, pulling at the ribbons, his cock straining.
Just when he was sure the man would not reappear, he did. Sitting across from him at the dinner table, prompted by Dr. Stamford and two other scientists to talk about the work in his lab.
He felt a hand on his shoulder and looked down failing to suppress another gasp. It was embarrassing, humiliating.
Scruffy. Sherlock kept repeating the word to himself. A scruffy hotel, a scruffy conference, a scruffy welcome reception and a scruffy man sitting next to him on the scruffy black leather chesterfield.
He'd rewritten the schedule and drawn up a clear outline of the following weeks' work, as well as sent several scathing emails. Then he'd walked home in hope the brisk trek would tire him out and allow him to finally put the day behind him. It was work, just work, and not the first problematic study in his career, not the first project delay. Just work. And John was coming back tonight and he wanted to take a shower and cook a meal for the two of them. Everything was fine.
John couldn't take his eyes off the man. He was obviously brilliant, as far from dementia as one could be at any age, and, if John was honest with himself, possibly the most handsome man he'd ever laid eyes on. And he really loved his stew, scraping up the last spoonfuls.
He was on his second cup of tea, the room now toasty warm, when gray curls emerged from the duvet cocoon.
Sherlock sat next to him on the bed and touched his cheek gently. "I am joking John." Then kissed him slowly and deeply. "The world doesn't get to know how lucky I am, yet. I am keeping the news, and you, all to myself for now. All right?"
On the wings of all that spring excitement he had finished his second novel which thrilled his editor and promised another contract. But now summer brought a sense of yearning and loss.
He spent the next two nights in his own bed contemplating its faults. The laundry service he used had precise instructions on the starching and ironing. The scent was somehow off.
"How's my concussion?" John observed his wrapped hand, closing and opening the fingers as he spoke. "I assume we're looking at a night's stay for observation?"
Stretching to look up at the gorgeous man he couldn't help smiling. Dark curls framed a relaxed expression. He felt incredibly happy, electrified. Yesterday's agitation and fear had given way to sublime calm.
Decadent. That voice. Deep and demanding and absolutely decadent. 'Perfect, so perfect for me.' He sunk into that voice, the praise, those strong hands, enveloped by touch, hands everywhere, his mouth full, touched, held down, filled.
Watching John disarm their culprit with three swift, unhesitating, formidable moves had been breathtaking.
"I... I apologize." John looked down at his feet and tried to pull his hand back. He was blushing a deep red.
They ate at the table, large bowls of soup, yesterday's rye bread, and two glasses of ale. One of Sherlock's sleeves smeared with rye flour.
"To Moriarty." Sherlock said and laughed through his teeth nervously. "The demon inside my head." And as his smile cracked there was incredible vulnerability in his expression.
Sherlock was coming for a visit. Today. Any moment. Or not. Impossible to tell as the man had stopped answering his phone two days ago.
“Again, I apologise. I don’t know what got into me…” John drank the rest of his tea and cleared his throat.
He moved back to watch but still keeping one hand on the cheek. He won't take away the anchoring touch for the duration of their time together. They both needed it.
They each took a long shower and waited for the Chinese takeaway to arrive in silence. John looked at his bare feet on the carpet. Sherlock attempted to close his eyes but couldn't.
The ruse was up, no need for subterfuge now. With a moan he sucked at the skin managing to lick the rear side of John’s toes before the man flipped onto his back pulling the foot away.
And now he was in for an hour's wait for the bus, then the half a mile on foot to a freezing house that would take hours to heat up. He'd insisted on returning home today. Out of what misplaced sentiment he still couldn't tell.
After Sherlock was suitably dressed, an undertaking which left John enough time for a second cup of tea but was in his humble, and frankly blushing, opinion well worth the wait, the two jumped into a black cab for a breakfast for two with plenty tea at a quaint art deco cafe, formica tables and tiled walls. Once more, Sherlock ate with delight, requesting an extra side of bubble and squeak for John, then quizzing him on his favorites in London before going into great detail about the gruesome murder, fork playing out the fatal knife slashes, that happened in the alley next to the cafe some years ago.
Several hours later, a ping of the microwave. Sherlock was not much closer to a satisfactory conclusion.
That small smile. "That would be grand. There is a new place near you, with a garden, I haven't been there yet, supposedly it's good."
"Oh, a separate bedroom?" He laughed. "Ouch!" Sherlock had dug his nails into the soft skin of his inner thigh. He then got up and extinguished the cigarette in an ashtray with a huff of smoke coming from his lips.
They looked at each other for a few moments, Dr. Holmes focused and calm, John vibrating with anticipation and clear joy.
He'd also passed the relevant information to Lestrade who was now planning a warehouse search and seizure, had thanked him profusely.
“A wedding is, in my considered opinion, nothing short of a celebration of all that is false and specious and irrational and sentimental in this ailing and morally compromised world.”
John took off his jacket, draped it on the back of a chair and stepped closer to grab the kettle off the stove.
Five days had passed since the book signing and their meeting. Since then Sherlock had mentioned his book three times.
Soft puttering about the kitchen, shuffling of teaspoons in the drawer, the creak of the refrigerator door opening. A calm, ordinary Sunday afternoon at the end of a week of no cases, no deductions, no running about the city or snippy exchanges with his brother.
His talk went well, even if he was overly curt during the Q&A. He'd hardly slept and managed only a cup of coffee at breakfast, agitated and sure the man would appear at his table any moment.
"Come." He opened his arms and Sherlock sunk in for a long kiss. "You did not hurt me, it was the best sex I've ever had, Sherlock."
There was a phone number. John swallowed hard and ran a finger over the extravagant penmanship, the letters decadently curving into each other. He brought the letter closer and, eyes closed, brushed his lips against the writing.
He sat up straighter. He was ready and he needed to make Dr. Holmes aware just how ready. "No cuts or permanent marking, no filth, nothing medical or military, nothing in public or in front of others or filmed. I am open to discussing pain beyond mild and various... implements, but have no experience with that. And no sharing."
And he's up on his feet, pacing the room, arms flailing. "It is unbearable John! Idiots," hands tugging at hair, "and their various 'social networks'," he pronounced the phrase with a touch of disgust, "as if there was anything socially relevant in those cesspools of narcissistic spew, John! 'Hacked'?!" he spat out the word. "As if Sherlock Holmes is the man to call when you forget to logout of the display tablet in the local shop?!"
Sherlock felt a small unease when the name was spoken but shook it away. “So, not employed? Outside your home?”
A hand wrapped around his wrist and he startles to see John, worn white shirt and navy boxers, looking sleepy and slightly annoyed.
"A film? No, no. I know you're eager to hear in minute detail about the fascinating electronic document management session I had yesterday." John winked at him. "That'll get the circulation going."
Sure hands and practiced motions. Sherlock, still warm from the shower, closed his eyes and enjoyed the touch of his doctor. It was 'bedtime' soon. A word he'd recently had to redefine. He smiled.
John checked the time on his mobile. "Listen... Sherlock... We really need to discuss..." He stood up and started towards the sitting room to get his things. "Or, are you joking?"
John, on his second round of ‘this calls for shots’ with Lestrade and Donovan, cheered the loudest. Sherlock appreciated his pink cheeks, and the fact he’d taken off his thick wool jumper, a move that asymmetrically unsettled his hair - at the moment just a bit too long for John’s liking; just perfect, Sherlock thought.
John slid onto his stomach, pulling one pillow under his raised hips. Sherlock was staring with a broken expression, his chest moving far too fast. For a moment John was afraid he'd hyperventilate, but then those sensational hands moved to his hips. He spread his knees even further.
"Like you and the rest of the world haven't had a minute-by-minute rundown. Did only four hours at the piano. And it was a mess. Performance anxiety... of sorts." He was fidgeting in his seat. "A few years ago I had some therapy, anxiety, stage fright, OCD, this and that. Well, like you haven't noticed. We also discussed my oversharing."
He was about to get up and return to his room to do some reading away from this bunch of idiots when his eyes met the gaze of Dr. Stamford, his department head. The man, surrounded by several colleagues from other universities, raised his glass and nodded.
“Well, I do prefer you all warm-and-lazy to twitchy-and-morose on the no-case days. Easier on the wall, too.”
And then a clothed erection pressed hard into his exposed buttocks brushing against the back of his scrotum. His hips, thighs, back were touched by eager hands and he was becoming desperate, his chest heaving with breaths.
Clearing his throat and shifting slightly in his seat, Sherlock spoke slowly, "She did ask if I was more a dog or cat person. I took it to be a, well, a personality test for a prospective lodger. In fact she'd seemed quite enthusiastic when I mentioned a childhood pet."
John had knelt by the bed, nude, hair damp, and attentively watched him dress. Gray pants, darker charcoal trousers, a white shirt. He remained barefoot, a detail that John clearly appreciated.
He quickly relayed the line of deductions to Lestrade, who was still glancing at John with a startled expression.
"I did, just a few pages but some key dialogue to close a situation. And the anxiety doesn't come yet, not while writing, not until the reading bit. At least for me."
It was strikingly similar to his childhood memory of the varicella rash. A persistent itch that traveled over his skin never settling in one place, never to be scratched to his content.
At least the sun was fully out by the time they reached the next location, the penultimate point of the sad pilgrimage.
Immediately, a full embrace. Fingers on the back of his neck, pushing into the curls of his hair. Huffs of breath against his temple. The steady sound of John's heartbeat. The familiar smell of his skin, his body, his bed.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "There is a spare room upstairs, full of my old junk now. You can have it and do such atrocities there."
John took off his shoes and freshened up in the surprisingly tidy bathroom just as the food arrived.
Next were the jeans and the briefs John wore underneath. He was already erect but far from desperate. Sherlock touched the muscular calves and thighs covered by incredibly alluring honey-colored hair, the knees.
Sherlock rushed past the blooming primulas towards the medicinal border of the garden that held plants of pharmaceutical use, including the not so ‘mysterious’ but certainly not typical of London’s parks Artemisia annua, sweet wormwood, a promising star in a new medical treatment.
He watched carefully, listened. There was nothing off, nothing out of place in John's morning routine. His shower the appropriate amount of minutes, the shirt he favored for Mondays, two slices of toast, tea, and a rush to the surgery. Hurried steps down the stairs, something irrelevant about the recycling bins.
And Sherlock snapped the book shut with a grin. "Well, better get home and find the spectacles then. Nice meeting you John."
Spring, but still chilly. The bedroom of the cabin only got a bit of heat from the now long cold kitchen stove. He shrugged off the t-shirt and found a thick wool jumper and even thicker socks. Tea.
One key piece of evidence recovered, a bloodied knife, but the Effra had taken the suspect’s blood-stained clothes downstream towards the Thames and that was perhaps a loss.
A cool murmur of water and the fresh smell of grasses and elderflower. And so peaceful. He couldn't help and smile as he looked up into the lavish treetops, leaves whispering in the softest breeze.
They stood up, Sherlock took John's hand in his and felt incredible happiness. He couldn't help himself, he leaned down and kissed him. Thoroughly. Leaving them both a bit breathless.
John giggled and nuzzled his face against Sherlock’s. “So, you just gave me a very large flower that, in essence, stinks of rotting corpse, putrid fish and faeces.”
John’s palm slowly slid up his spine to settle in small circular rubs over his cervical vertebrae. Sherlock shivered and rubbed his face against the stubble of John’s jaw. The repetitive swirls were simultaneously calming and arousing.
Slowly he reached one slick hand behind his back to smear lubricant between his buttocks. The coolness felt pleasant. Resting on his chest and other hand, eyes closed, he then gently massaged the tight muscle, not rushing, trying to relax.
"So, flowers, strawberries and now a nest? Is this how you court?" For a moment he felt foolish and embarrassed and started to pull back. With both strong hands the buck pulled him into its furry lap.
He was lost to the shifting, unpredictable and titillating sensations when he felt vibrations of a deep voice. "I am going to spank you now."
After a moment of uncertainty he was unable to suppress, but also strong hope, he added his mobile number at the bottom of the page.
He leaned on the table a bit, unsteady on his legs, and watched the man who understood him completely, who was undeterred by his blundering, who now, poised and unconcerned it seemed, took off his suit jacket and rolled up his shirtsleeves to expose two pale arms.
And without a second thought John started to pull off his wool jumper. Then pajama bottoms and socks.
Unfortunately - since when had the Work not been his priority?! - the interrogation of the morning instead included an anxious alcoholic, a man directly responsible for dozens of young women from Eastern Europe winding up without their passports, addicted to heroin, and confined to the walls of an illegal brothel.
Beauty is a construct based entirely on childhood impressions, influences and role models. And yet, Sherlock was quite sure of the fact that John Watson was the most beautiful human being alive. And the low, husky snore had a certain auditory appeal.
And John smiled, beautifully, warmly, even though Sherlock could now tell he was exhausted from the trouble with Harry, from the long train ride, from the cold bothering his shoulder, the inferior tea at the rehab centre. “I have no idea what brought this on but if you’ve been sulking here for days, and you do smell as if you have, I say we’re both due a bath and some very unhealthy takeaway and some beer.”
"No, no, of course not. They are wonderful gifts, Sherlock. You should have not spent so much, really."
It was a beautifully arranged plate of rice-stuffed vine leaves, several kinds of olives and cheeses, small stuffed pastries.
And if this was not enough to push Sherlock to completely lose control, John was shivering and, unconscious of the movement, rutting his bruised arse into the sharp short pile of the wool carpet.
Something woke him. Confused John looked at the fire. So, not much time had passed, not morning yet.
Sherlock reached down to pick one of the dandelions that had closed for the night, mumbling, "Nyctinastic response..."
Sherlock hooked his thumb behind the lower jaw and pulled John towards him sharply making him lose balance on his stiff legs and fall sideways onto his lap. With a small yelp but absolutely no resistance John fell.
He was so close. One hand still gripping the antler, the other sinking down to scratch into the scalp. The buck shifted, looked up at him with wide eyes and John let his hands envelop the pale face.
A pity, he would have loved to see a young buck up close from the safety of the cabin. What was it doing, though? Not like them to come so close. He never left anything of interest to the wildlife outside.
He watched John fall. The man ran away but Sherlock made no move to follow him. He made no move towards John's prone body, rain drenching his jacket, his blond hair, one foot at an awkward angle. He didn't feel his own knees hitting the pavement.
And with a mention of music Sherlock became more animated and his hand gripped John. "Oh, show me! Not radio I hope? OK, some radio is fine, I also do radio once in a while. Please, tell me it is not top of the something or other, teenage overhyped and overproduced atrocities who couldn't recognize a G clef if it bit them..." He abruptly stopped and pulled his hand back. "I... my apologies." He looked stricken. "I don't mean to sound like a pompous ass." He tugged at the jacket. "Not everyone thinks classical music is... " He went silent and looked nervously around the room, cheeks pink, hands twitching.
So, told to be patient, twice, Sherlock sent text after text after text until Lestrade relented and sent him an address. And several choice profanities. He threw off his dressing gown and paused mid-stride. He hadn’t showered since John left. Tips of fingers to his greasy matted hair. The hat, they all loved the damn hat, it’ll do.
It wasn't as simple as a random choice for retaliation, of course. There was something about the employee... The man owned three antique pinball machines.
Sherlock opened his eyes to John kneeling in front of him, one hand on his wrist, taking his pulse, the other just having smacked him lightly on the right cheek. He hadn’t really felt it but sensed the residua of the impact.
A case interrupted his query. And John's dinner. He accepted reluctantly, even if it was a smuggling-turned-murder on a boat in the container terminal.
John was making a pained face as he sunk back down into the pillows. "Well, this one didn't go according to plan."
“Oh, my love…” John wrapped his warm arms around him, kissing into his atrociously unkempt hair. And Sherlock started to shake.
"Well, I wouldn't mind some help in the garden, especially if we're looking to double the summer harvest." Sherlock raised an eyebrow at this and John smiled a bit more. "Hope you've packed wellies alongside the armchair."
"Not the victim, Sherlock, even I can tell the man's dead. This is why we're here instead of enjoying the match like the rest of the country." He nodded towards the back of the room. "I mean John."
He opened his eyes, catching his breath, and was fed another small sip of wine. He was aware he blushing wildly.
The next dawn brought a sudden storm with heavy rain. It was colder, too. John glanced out the door quickly and not seeing anything, anyone, set to making the fire.
Berries slowly replaced apples at breakfast and he was often too lazy to deal with the stove and would brew his tea and infusions in the sun. Sweetened with the excellent honeydew honey he'd get from an apiarist at the town's monthly market.
"Good morning. Sleep well?" Sherlock leaned down and kissed him, the smile still there, smelling of cigarette smoke and toothpaste.
John blushed and pulled his hand behind him. For a moment Sherlock was tempted to replace that hand with his own thorough one. Patience, indeed.
John had used the word yesterday afternoon as they lay on the sofa and watched the ridiculous spy film; he’d stopped pointing out its plot inconsistencies, as well as some concerning misunderstandings about basic physics, four films ago. Although he did enjoy referencing one or two key characters when dealing with Mycroft, with predictable response.
He closed his eyes and allowed his mind to wander. Listening to the buzz and chirp of crickets and other insects basking in the summer sun John sunk his exhausted muscles into the sofa.
Three night ago he had a nightmare. The usual. Hands that reached to tear him apart, spittle on his face, humiliation and pain. But this time around the dream transformed. He was no longer alone. John was with him. And he was safe despite the threat.
The deep and now clear voice startled him from his thoughts and he felt called out for his starring. John tried, "What? Sorry...?"
He never tired of observing John. His behaviour, gestures, smirks and smiles, yes. But also the small physical details particular to his compact muscular body. His gaze now traced the curve of his buttocks, the slightly coarse and darker hairs on the back of his thigh, the back of his knee, two small scars just below. He fought an urge to wrap his fingers around the thin ankle. There’d be a chance for that later in the day, John did not mind his wrists and ankles held down firmly in certain situations, not at all. For a few arousing moments such a scenario ran away in his mind and he had to shift focus back to the sleeping man.
"Please, come in." He gestured up the staircase. "I am upstairs." And stood aside to let the man pass so he could follow him up and take in his reactions. Upon seeing him enter his flat with curious glances he felt a tingling of excitement.
And the wonderful, generous, understanding man pulled him between his open thighs, cradling him. John sighed into the fabric of the suit.
John snored lightly and unable to restrain himself any longer Sherlock opened his mouth further and pressed his tongue forward. Just a small taste…
He was just settling down in the armchair in front of the fire to relax for the evening when the radio started crackling and breaking off into static. The howling wind must have damaged the aerial. It was an old, bent piece of wire mesh and long overdue for a contemporary replacement. With a groan he got up to switch the receiver off and walked the few steps to the window to peer into the snow swirling in the near darkness.
Finally, John unwrapped a bottle of olive oil that must have cost a fortune, the glass resembling a crystal decanter. A real cork stopper.
"Good, yes." John managed. He placed a hand on a bony hip just as he felt lips brush his temple. The man even smelled extraordinary; leather, nutmeg, bergamot. He let himself sink into the embrace, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's slim waist.
Getting up to clear the table John took another hard look at him. "You can have some ibuprofen." A pause. "And something to help you get some sleep finally."
Oil dripped as John leaned forward to suck on his fingers, eyes closing, small sighs. Was he aware his hands were kneading Sherlock's leg?
He dragged two fingertips over John's bottom lip... touched the tip of his tongue... and again... heat... he pushed the fingers in... feeling wet, skin, teeth... "John?" ... he felt the tip of the tongue slide between the two fingers, lips wrap around the... John sucked with a filthy moan... Oh... So wet... John's pink lips, John's obscene mouth... open... wet... sucking...
He felt the rest of his garments removed but barely paid it any attention. The serene and reassuring touches that progressed over his whole body, fingers tracing muscle, hair, joints of his calves and thighs.
He then made quick work of the ribbons, massaging each joint as it was freed, checking the skin for bruising.
He pushed his thumb in and touched the tip of that pink tongue. Small hot breaths and more shivering.
Placing it on the top of John's spine he slowly ran the melting ice down his back, then reaching the lubricated crack pushed it in.
John was breathing through his open mouth, small breaths that stuttered as the brush reached more sensitive areas.
The way the light fell from the window. The sound of busy traffic on the street outside. A faint voice from somewhere in the adjoining building.
It took him a moment to catch his breath. He looked down at John, pink skin and sweaty from the exertion, hair disheveled, face and stomach covered with semen. He was smiling, seemingly in complete bliss. Sherlock felt improbable affection in that moment.
He reached down and pinched one nipple. John's whole body jerked dislodging the thumb from his open mouth and his eyes flew open.
"You are gorgeous, unbelievably gorgeous." He slid his hands under Sherlock's jacket to trace his thin back and started sucking small love bites into the side of his neck. "I thought so the first time I saw you on TV, every time you posted a photo online. And the first time I saw you in person you took my breath away." Sherlock was shivering and making small sounds of pleasure.
"I apologise for being so forward, but is this plan feasible, financially?" John was agitated. "Selling your home, buying a bloody extravagant vehicle, setting off out of London where you've lived for most of your life... Is there a plan at all?"
"Yeah, the kind of accident that's textbook as a result of reduced motor performance and alertness..." John's voice was tight but his touch almost too gentle as he wrapped Sherlock's hand in gauze bandage.
And after the day's agitation and failure, Lestrade's Thames case notwithstanding, all he could do was settle in that embrace.
"Nothing to be embarrassed about, perfectly normal." John was using his 'considerate doctor' voice and Sherlock took another sip of tea.
"Well, I'm past sixty and prefer not to twiddle with the touchscreen, Sherlock." John smiled. "Glad to hear you are taking care of yourself. Antibiotics?"
“What did you do you, you… you idiot?! How? In January, during the Arctic blast?! A bloody sunburn?!”
He got up, went to the kitchen and proceeded to locate the bottle of red wine he had received as a gift from his publisher after the first installment of the trilogy came out. It was something expensive. He didn't even own a proper wine glass.
Thursday evening and John was curled up on his couch staring into nothing past the muted television. His chest ached. Or that's what it felt like at least. He was a pitiful man.
The rain had calmed down mostly. They stood side by side under the shop's awning. Sherlock lit the cigarette and put it to his lips. And took a long drag closing his eyes. John was openly staring at those damp lips as Sherlock blew it out slowly and squinted back at him. How much he wanted to just kiss him now.
Sherlock stilled in the middle of the sitting room, determined to quiet his mind and solve this damn case.
He continued to lick, suck and gently bite John all over his chest, neck, sides, stomach, thighs. Taking care to not leave bruises.
John had moved down to the side of his neck and was taking his time licking and nibbling. He clearly appreciated Sherlock’s gift.
"In that case, I propose we discuss things properly. You say you are inexperienced? And yet you spoke about permission and chose to approach me by kneeling in front of me?"
He was back from his run, drenched with sweat and ready for another shower. It was one of those rare clear sunny days when the light in his flat looked extraordinary and he felt somehow invincible.
John had dated since they shared the flat, but not with any lasting success and not in a while now. Was he discouraged in seeking a partner? He seemed very enthusiastic before, but perhaps he got bored with the insipid teachers, doctors, and wasn't there a librarian, the one with the nose?
"I asked if you'd like to eat first because it is obvious you rushed here. I'd say a difficult day at the lab, then briefly home, quick shower, shave? Your hair is still damp. You arrived without a bag."
"Yeah, yeah, I'm cracking jokes all the time. Been meaning to include some stand up comedy in my recitals - some Chopin, some toilet humor, a kind of crossover." He followed John gesticulating energetically. "I'll get you a ticket. Bring your friends too, a sexy date even..." More anxious cackling as one hand waved about.
Small traces of other people's fragrances from the club, easy to ignore, toothpaste, tea, John's own wonderfully warm and calming scent, skin, scalp, breath, hints of sweat. He burrowed happily under John's arm, rubbing his face into warm cotton and stretching his bare feet. John wrapped one hand around the back of his neck, callused fingers scraping still-damp skin, and snuffled a bit.
They stayed like this for a while. Wet and getting colder as the storm cooled down the city and the flat. Sherlock was finally calmly breathing. He pushed out of the hug.
John blushed a deep red. "Oh, no, I am the one who should apologize. I am... inexperienced in these things. My behaviour was immature." He shifted in his seat and spoke quietly although still with that beautiful shy smile. "Both in the way I demanded your attention and the way I left without explanation. I... I admit I panicked."
He stood in the rain in front of a door marked 221B, the address he found on Sherlock's, largely defunct, website. Alright. John tried the ornate knocker politely.
They spoke for over an hour, John finally dozing off with the phone on his pillow as Sherlock listed his favorite teas, with an exceptionally long and soothing description of Assam's maltiness, related to its cultivation and production...
"A bit of a drizzle today." He heard a familiar voice just behind him. "I wouldn't mind a cup myself."
He found it necessary to stick to his established meal schedule as most workdays John either ate in the hospital canteen or came in late to raid the fridge for any of Sherlock's leftovers. They made an effort on the weekends to cook and eat all meals together. John had baked fruit tarts and "the famous Watson recipe" shortbread cookies on several occasions. But Sherlock was the one who remembered to buy milk for their tea.
He was pulled in closer to straddle strong thighs, the buck's arms surrounding him, hands brushing over his back and buttocks possessively as deeper guttural sounds were voiced.
They took their tea to the sofa in the sitting room. Sherlock held his with both hands, John could hardly take his eyes off them, and blew at the surface as steam fogged up his glasses, taking small sips of the hot liquid. He looked exhausted and John wondered how drained he must be after the tremendous effort of performing. And still he came.
He visualised his slow breaths wrapping around the familiar cabled pattern of the incredibly homely jumper that he had, incredibly, grown to like. Repetition. Sherlock huffed into the wool. It must be the fullness of his stomach. The pleasant exhaustion of his thighs. After his typical post-case crash of twelve hours of sleep and ‘you’re having a proper fry up, no arguments’, he was sated. Then there had been another kind of sating. John had been exceedingly thorough in reminding Sherlock it had been a four day case and both were ravenous for more than a hot sit-down meal.
"You are a mystery John Watson. And I want to unravel you." As he spoke he leaned down until John could feel Sherlock's breath on his own mouth. He bit at the skin of his bottom lip and with a groan Sherlock kissed him.
It would take at least an hour, even pressing the taxi driver, to reach it and that gave him some time to, carefully, seemingly casually, pose a question or two.
"I'd hoped we might..." He was making it worse. Surely the man would send him away in disgust. His breathing became labored as he fought back tears.
They lay in silence for several minutes, facing each other but apart in the dark. Then a warm calloused hand wrapped around his own and Sherlock felt some of the tension dissipate.
They had several hundred books to get through before the morning. Or there’d be another dead body in the morgue. He’d been unable to pinpoint the single book that would hold the single sheet of paper beyond locating it in the very tall and very full stack in the library - the handwritten formula of the bespoke toxin had accidentally been used as a bookmark by the suspect’s sister.
In moments, trousers and socks off, Sherlock was sliding under the covers next to John's sleeping form.
John was straining to stay still, head low and resting on the back of the armchair, shaky breaths, but mostly silent.
The rain was relentless. A true tropical storm the city was unprepared for. The only people in the bookshop with him were the sales staff and two poor souls who came in to dry off and had no idea who he was and no plans to buy a book.
He reached out one finger and touched the tip of one antler. The buck visibly shivered. It was soft, yielding to his touch. He stepped closer to touch with both hands. More small grunts and clicking noises, more shivering. And John was trembling, too. This was intimate. He caressed the velvety tine with reverence, allowing his fingers to trail down into the wild curls. The scent intensified and John felt the need to sink into it.
He had positioned him to recline comfortably on the pillows, arms spread to the sides, knees slightly apart.
He felt the man above him shift, heard him curse, and with immense joy felt his prick push roughly into his mouth.
He was also, and with a great sense of shame, effectively stalking Sherlock's Twitter feed, following daily updates and clicking on all links, staring at photos of meals, friends, pianos. There were a lot of photos of pianos.
And he now had a perfect excuse to buy that fitted Barbour jacket. And finally put that bespoke last to use, he’d had the leather picked out months ago. Now, cashmere was acceptable…
By now he could recognize the composition. One of his favorites and clearly played for his enjoyment on this dreary rainy evening. It was misleadingly simple in its melody, a tricky and playful picking of the violin strings, and yet saturnine, demanding, and at moments bloody infuriating under the bow.
Watching John doze off in the taxi on their return he was acutely aware this, case, for a lack of a better word, was out of the frame of his comprehension. But then, John had always been a challenge.
It was a longer ride to the South London Botanical Institute. He had fond memories of spending days at the herbarium as a younger man, the collections of lichen, mosses, liverworts and slime moulds, exquisite herbaria.
“Am I talking too much? It’s the wine. And, well, you. And seeing this place…” John glanced around. So different than what he’d expected, well, dreaded.
He was truly tempted to just jump in. But he really wanted a chance with Sherlock, a chance for something more permanent, not just a swift wild ride and quick crash. He hadn't lived with anyone for a long time, and then he had been far too young to make it work. Although he had tried. His recent relationships had been brief and moving in together had not come up in conversation, even when times were good.
“Smitten?” Sherlock felt lightheaded, he couldn’t help smiling against the warm skin of John’s cheek.
"I am so glad the week is over." John huffed wiping his mouth and hands. "This stomach flu has us busy enough with poor dehydrated sods, but on top of it there seems to be another wave of head lice sweeping the nurseries." John took a large gulp of his beer and winked. "Don't worry, I won't be bringing my work home."
Soon, soon now. He tried not to rush up the stairs imagining all the things Dr. Holmes may have planned for him. Restraints? Pain?
Just as he was about to sink into a foul mood Anderson misstepped and just barely grazed one of the smaller outlying droplets with the edge of his boot. Sherlock grinned and inhaled.
John blinked and cleared his throat. "What I meant to say... It has been a long week." He sighed and lowered his chin and eyes. "I'd hoped we might..."
Had he misread something? Had he not offered the control, the pleasure, the care to the best of his capabilities?
And after a series of photos of a Bach chord written by a wrinkled finger on the steamed up mirror tiles, fragments of reflected wet skin, chest and shoulders and neck visible, John was contemplating #timeforawank.
The location was thrilling. The case a simple matter of two employees cheating the company out of a miserly sum. The murder was a tragic accident. And as a result he watched an Estonian crew member grip the edge of John's sleeve and weep. An accident.
John stretched out and picked a nearby sorrel leaf to chew on. Cool now, he soon found a comfortable position to settle and let his eyes close.
“My… physique. She left. After a mortifying dressing-down. Yeah… I was still somewhat weak after my accident, my shoulder was a mess, and she had her sights on suspension… Gave up that website…”
Eager to see Mike out, Sherlock, boots on already, stood by the door buttoning his great coat. "John, the hives, it'll be too dark soon?"
"Oh, I don't know. Compensating for a boring life, maybe? They say writers write to decipher the life around them, things they cannot explain away. Or, I guess, need to spend years trying to explain to themselves."
It should have hurt much much more. But John took care. His fingertips barely skimmed the surface of the skin in soft curved motion.
Think I'll finish here for now. RL catching up to me. And Ravel and Bach and more Bach - a storm surge... As with all my AUs, it pains me to leave and I may come back, perhaps even tomorrow... #loveyouall
Sherlock set the cup down. "That programme... It was three fucking years ago." He rubbed his eyes in a fatigued gesture then looked back at the laptop, his voice small. "I've been here, in this room, with you, for three fucking years?"
John got up and, standing directly in front of Sherlock, slowly unbuttoned his shirt, then took it off. He then got rid of his trousers, briefs and socks in one move. He was now totally naked and visibly aroused and clearly on display for Sherlock who starred with his lips slightly open.
He hadn't taken the book with him. A conference. People frequently used conferences as opportunity for affairs. He returned the book to the coffee table.
They stayed like this for a while. Sherlock reaching to trace lines over John's shoulders and side. He was still very erect and the sight made Sherlock appreciate his complete pliancy even more.
Of course! The number! It was during a reading of her gas meter, a simple misunderstanding that led to a grave mistake and an attack on the wrong man.
In fact, some outright amazing solutions. John couldn’t resist. As the waiter approached them to fill their glasses, he asked for a pen and started making notes on the edge of his serviette. His lap less of a crisis point at the moment.
Exhilarated, John groaned loudly. A single thumb caught his mouth and pulled him close to a remarkable erection.
John sighed openly against the fabric of his trousers, whole body relaxing. Sherlock reached further down to bring up one of John's hands.
Putting himself on display like this for a sophisticated, dressed man sitting back in a plush armchair, long lean legs crossed at the knee. This was already a most intimate fantasy come true.
He'd taken long walks into the woods at different times of the day for many weeks. Even once, cautiously, during the night. He supposed it was pointless to go looking as they had always met at the cabin and he had no idea where to search.
John relaxed back into the pillows, watching and listening as Sherlock started on a very fast and complex, joyful composition, a wild grin on his face.
Back in his room he sat in a low armchair, jacket off and shirt sleeves rolled up, and read a journal. Well, attempted to read. His thoughts kept returning to the small, blond, embarrassed yet daring man who had simply offered himself. He closed his eyes and ran one hand through his thick dark curls. It had been a very long time since he'd indulged and lately he had been thinking about arranging an encounter. Perhaps, somehow, this man had read it in his demeanor.
'A fascinating documentary on the mating habits of lions, John. Did you know the females are polyestrous?' - SH
John stared at the paper cup of tepid tea in his hand, the train already half way through the journey as heavy rain poured down the glass pane of the window.
"I think you are already doing very well deferring your release. Would you try for a longer time, the full day?"
And in stark contrast to his disoriented and stuttering state so far Sherlock continued, "The moment you had me indoors you evaluated my state and, quite correctly, pronounced me hypothermic. Your actions were textbook, including making sure my head and torso were dry and wrapped in warm blankets first. I was... out of it, slightly, but I do think you checked my pulse on two occasions, finger and toe mobility, too, and this tea has not been fortified with whatever the locals pass off as whisky, thankfully, although I assume you do have some stashed in a cupboard. And now, emergency over, you've been assessing my general state with some concern." He smirked, crossed his long legs and settled back into the armchair as if awaiting a retort, the punctuating posturing slightly off due to the ensemble of two crochet blankets and bright blue wool socks.
“Henry V, Shakespeare.” Sherlock mumbled watching John read aloud as he inadvertently stood in for a gnomon in the middle of the large sundial inset in the pavement. His hair shone silver-blond in the brightening sun as he turned with a puzzled expression.
It was great fun. Four of them from the old crowd made it, a shrinking number with every year as family and work and geography made it difficult to share a drink and reminisce over old anecdotes. John felt twenty again.
Small scrapes and rustling on the back porch. It was not windy. He took a step towards the back door and froze.
The slow build from initial shivers, eyes closed, hands reluctant to reach, trembling thighs, tight grunts, as Sherlock unhurriedly licked and tasted, observed and learned.
“We’ll both have the hake. And bring a plate of your,” Sherlock enunciated the ridiculous name, “‘root veg nibbler’ to share as a starter.” To stave of any sommelier nonsense and further intrusions he also ordered a wine he was sure would pair well.
'John, how far does your baking expertise extend? I am watching a riveting competition and the sticky toffee puddings are intriguing. I may post a box of medjool dates to your address.' - SH
Suited. Dr. Sherlock Holmes looked at his reflection in the mirror, repeating the word to himself. Their meeting had been accidental. And the accident was… incredible. He’d truly never thought he’d meet someone so suited to the desires he hadn’t even admitted to himself in such a long time.
John had not managed to control his reaction. If anything, averting his eyes so quickly gave him away. And his blush further revealed he knew he was caught.
John shrugged self consciously. “A bit embarrassing. Never made it past the bar last time… Met someone. A first date. We were waiting for our table, having a drink at the bar. She kept answering her phone…”
Without shame John reached up to grasp the antlers with both hands, offering his mouth, rubbing his naked chest and stomach into the hot musky fur of his buck.
He'd given John five minutes to settle in before he followed, in the low light of the street lamps, silent although John was certainly still awake.
Confident John was in the REM phase of sleep, he settled closer to his side, fingers searching for soft, worn cotton, ready to sink into a strong, warm chest.
At least the perpetrator, a dreadfully boring and predictable pharmacist with a mediocre idea of ensuring more than one inheritance, had been arrested. So there was something to celebrate. Well, perhaps not for the families of the initial four victims.
Just weeks after John moved in the night light was switched off. Quite unceremoniously in the end. John had come in from a late shift, exhausted and freezing. He'd flipped the switch as he crawled under the duvet probably unaware of the action, bringing both his arms around Sherlock's waist and kissing into his curls with a muffled apology for being so late. And Sherlock found he did not mind. Did not mind being woken. Did not mind the sudden darkness. It was so easy to fall asleep held tightly by this man.
Soon they were settled on the sofa with the wine and food on the table in front of them. Small gestures and touches to help him settle and he suddenly felt so wanted.
And just like that he was enveloped in strong arms, hot breaths against his neck, hands pulling him in, stuttering clicks and sighs.
Five days ago he'd woken alone, the bed next to him empty and long cold. Still, he felt only warmth at the memory of their first meeting. Such beauty, passion, trust.
They finished the plate in silence and John, getting up slowly although he was no longer concerned about startling the creature that was settled in apparent comfort, made himself more tea.
People had affairs. Even though they were involved with someone else. Was it boredom? Need for a life more exciting than a double monitor view of spreadsheets and flowcharts, the coordinated curtains and carpeting, the school run, the choice between thirty different low-fat yoghurts? Sentiment?
A small gentle kiss on his creme-moistened lips. A hand stroking up his back and to the back of his neck, the softest caring press of John’s palm. “Let’s get you comfortable, love. And next time, I’ll take the tanning booth, alright?”
"You don't mind?" John ran the fingertips of his hand over Sherlock's half-hard cock and nuzzled against his cheek.
As he took care of the fire, with more care than was necessary, Sherlock politely washed their bowls out in the kitchen sink. He was humming and filling the kettle and John watched the man go about the kitchen, his kitchen, grabbing two cups, reaching for the tea, the sugar, as if... as if it was his own.
"Read it and tell me if it's any good." His voice was almost steady. "Would you like a signed copy?"
They shared a vindaloo and a korma, samosas and naan, with a spicy chutney and ale, Sherlock animated as ever, dipping his naan into the sauce and speaking about the 28-inch Greenwich refracting telescope he wanted to show John.
John stirred and pulled him closer and onto his shoulder, hand down his back and just on his buttocks.
The subsequent visit to the British Museum meant a tour by one of its curators of the horological collections, a woman thrilled to see Sherlock again as he'd consulted there on several occasions. The behind the scenes look left John speechless. But that wasn't an issue as Sherlock bantered at length with the curator on the topic of the perpetual mechanical Gregorian computus.
Now he was unnerved. John set his glass down and cleared his throat. "Did you burn something in the kitchen again? Are you injured?"
A simple breakfast in the sitting room, with John kneeling between strong thighs of the man sitting in the leather armchair, fed sips of milky tea and bites of biscuits, one solid, grounding hand at the back of his neck.
Water boiling and the kettle switching off. Familiar bare feet on linoleum. Cupboards opening and closing. John’s voice. The scent of tomatoes and garlic. It was fine, it was all fine.
And they laughed. Easily, happily. Getting both wet as the relentless rain won against the canvas awning.
Feeling a rush John sank slowly, one leg folding after the other, hands on thighs, head down. It had been so long, far too long.
Once had been incidental. Forgettable. Not that he would ever forget. Twice would be a commencement of a pattern. A blatant neediness. Twice would necessitate an explanation in the morning. The dreaded talk he'd managed to avoid so far. He picked up the bow to test out another pensive slow movement he hadn't played in years.
John started on his shirt buttons, his hands sure and warm, then his cuffs. He snickered. “I have no idea what that is but you can tell me all about it in the bath. It’ll take a while to shampoo that rat’s nest back into my soft curls, won’t it?”
"I was good at dating. Well, good at first, sometimes second dates. Not many third dates. Seems most women aren't interested in discharged army doctors, in their forties, with raging PTSP triggered by anything from a loud sneeze to a passing bus."
"A new sales strategy?" Sherlock's glasses we're again foggy and his hair was sticking out at all angles.
Unbelievably, he’d not noticed John’s hand sliding down to pinch his buttocks. This resulted in a very loud and even less dignified yelp.
They made it back in another cab, Sherlock placed the call and they cleared the sofa and the coffee table as well as they could while they waited for the food.
His eyes fluttered open and he glimpsed the image for only a fraction of a second. Pale face, dark curls and wild eyes that looked straight at him.
And if the idiot wrapping a second, not wool mind you but bloody silk, shawl around his neck didn't give John some kind of mirthful thrill.
John pulled off his woolen jumper and started to unbutton and push down his trousers as the buck approached. Burying his face in fragrant fur and grasping around the buck's strong furry calves John stretched up to taste, watching as one hand wrapped around the cock to give it a few slow pulls and another reached to touch his jaw and bring him closer.
Running a hand gloved in black leather through his ruffled blond hair as he lowered his helmet, to then bite down with his teeth on the worn glove to pull it off, the man standing in front of him, smiling, his eyes a provocative glint, was simply perfect.
The restaurant was a thought through choice. The starched linen napkins, the crystal glassware - a setting that spoke of: long term, dedication, certainty.
He shut the door and pulling his boots off realised the conversation was still ongoing, Sherlock, one scarf trailing from hand onto the floor, in the middle of something about winter cleansing flights around the hive. He laughed. The ridiculous man. And just minutes ago it seemed as if he'd never seen a hive up close.
He attempted to reach that point of calm again, he wanted, needed to be good for Dr. Holmes today. His voice rasping he managed a single word. "Yes."
He set his backpack down on the corner of a sofa missing part of its stuffing and followed the man through the open sliding doors into a kitchen.
"Well, hm," John clearing his throat meant many things, "you've been too occupied with work... to, hm, regularly masturbate."
Another blanket pulled from his own bed in the corner of the room to wrap gaunt legs and wobbly knees. He left the feet out as the fire was their best bet. John was worried now. Malnutrition and hypothermia were a bad combination. He rubbed the feet gently with his hands as the man blinked at him.
"I find I always sleep well with you. And waking up to find you in my bed and at my disposal is something I enjoy immensely John." He felt a hand squeeze his buttocks, which caused his hard prick to rub against the dampened fabric.
He kept his eyes closed, rocking into the touches against his body, skin on his cheek, leather on his knees. He kissed him. Oh, he kissed him and John whimpered.
The case was solved and he was ready to sleep. He set the phone carelessly on the mattress behind him. Just then John reached back and, grabbing his wrist, pulled him in tighter.
"Never expected this much excitement at my age." He spoke quietly, his stubble catching against the shirt fabric.
"I guess. A practice in a smaller town up north. Regular hours. No surprises. The years pass so quickly..."
There were a few, just a few, moments in his life when John had thought about a relationship with a man. The opportunity had never really come up. And he'd never sought it out. There were a couple of, well, encounters, for lack of a better word, during his military days. Passionate but quick romps with other young men. The brief thrill of it.
A quote from the book he was still working on, something John had never done before, depicting a retracing of the character's steps through the busy city.
The tea was the perfect ratio of assam, water, milk and sugar. So, John wasn’t mad at him. He always put a bit less sugar when he was. And there was the one occasion with no sugar at all, Sherlock cringed at the memory.
And he had no idea how to initiate something more. Without publicly embarrassing himself for all of the internet to enjoy.
The first two evenings after seeing Dr. Holmes he'd spent lost in phantasy, kneeling on the floor with his face on the brim of the mattress and edging himself through memories of being held, tied, bitten. Being pinned down by that insistent gaze. Being told he was 'perfect'. Oh, told he was 'perfect', and 'lovely'.
John was glued to the glass watching it as it disappeared into the forest. After a while he stepped out to retrieve the jumper. He couldn't resist, he brought it close to his own face and inhaled. A strong musky smell, wilderness and damp moss and spring grasses, but also something strangely fragrant. He took it in and, with one more look to the edge of the forest, went back to his breakfast.
He wound up on the tube, squashed between a mob of teens on one side and a rank gentleman that probably needed a physician’s advice. And he was running late! It was… disrespectful, in the least. Oh, fuck.
Hot, thick semen filled his mouth and John was lost, rubbing himself like a horny animal against a smooth arch and ejaculating over that foot with deprived whines.
It was strikingly similar to his childhood memory of the varicella rash. A persistent itch that traveled over his skin never settling in one place, never to be scratched to his content.
The snow had melted and although the nights were still frosty John wanted to finish the winter work in his small garden before the growing season got under way. He also had two beautiful forsythia bushes along the side of the house that were in full bloom and would need pruning soon.
John complied slowly. Jacket, shirt. Sometimes a partner would flinch when his scars appeared, but not this time. Shoes, socks, neatly set by the bed. His hands were shaking slightly and he was fully hard already. Trousers and pants.
It was soft and slow and restrained at first. Barely a few brushes of lips. But then Sherlock pushed him against the wall and leaned his whole body into him, sucking and licking at his lips.
Dr. Holmes spoke without his gaze leaving John’s. “We’ll both have the hake. And bring a plate of your,” he smirked, “‘root veg nibbler’ to share as a starter.”
Sherlock had found the Thames and its logistics fascinating since he was a child. He would have taken the case on locale only, but a conundrum was Christmas on top.
"Have about 60% of the new one done. The first draft, that is. There will be lots of editing to polish it, take care of inconsistencies, style."
They ordered burgers and beer, ate with their hands. John openly stared as Sherlock licked a finger with a snicker.
And as John was slowly typing, another ping, 'What idiot thinks descriptors such as "snuggledown" are of use in making one's selection?! - SH'
Beauty is a construct based entirely on childhood impressions, influences and role models. And yet, Sherlock was quite sure of the fact that John Watson was the most beautiful human being alive. And the low, husky snore had a certain auditory appeal.
During his university days he discovered a proclivity he rarely had a chance to satisfy. Well, no sense in being melancholy. He should look up some colleagues and then back to the lab on Monday.
John kept spinning the teacup in his hands. “No, it wasn’t… I didn’t think you’d taken anything, well, not of your own free will, that is.” John rubbed at his brow. He was embarrassed, but why?! “I admit I should have been more worried about the drugs, in fact. So, sorry about that, all that, and things I said in the taxi and just now.”
There was a choked cough behind him. So, no longer sleeping. John smiled into the pillow and pumped his slippery fingers in an obscenely slow tempo.
They cleaned up with a discarded vest and John pulled him onto the bed. Strong arms and, finally, finally, a distinct lack of clothes. Sherlock didn’t think he’d be able to sleep just yet but John stretched his limbs and groaned with clear satisfaction.
It took him a moment to understand, to understand the bearing of his own body, a body that was less and less his own. Sitting sideways with his legs folded under him he was enveloped by Dr. Holmes' strong thighs, his face pushed against damp wool, sweat and salt, and a very prominent, hard cock. John almost choked.
“They do an excellent hake in a chicory and anchovy relish, if you’re thinking fish. A balance of salt, bitter notes and umami.”
John was lowering his voice and had adopted his wide, Captain John Watson, stance. For just a moment Sherlock was distracted. He then grinned like a lunatic and ran head first into the flow of sewage ignoring a quite spectacular assortment of obscenities that almost drowned out the splash of brogue boots that followed.
He leaned against the kitchen sink with both hands around a warm cup listening to the crackling of the fire in the cast iron stove in the pre-dawn twilight. The nightmare, the war, the loss, it all drifted far away as he took in the sounds and smells of the tea, fire, the cabin itself and the woods that surrounded it.
He took the quickest shower and dressed just as fast, jeans and one of his better t-shirts. When he got to the kitchen Sherlock was frying eggs wearing yesterday's jeans and shirt, sleeves rolled up, feet bare, glasses on top of his unruly head of hair.
Scrapes of nail polish-covered fingernails on the keyboard. A repeated pattern. A nail file in the bottom drawer next to a half-empty bottle of polish remover, 'with coconut oil for healthy nails'. It was her supervisor, they'd been having an affair. The missing nail polish. The lab tests would confirm it in the morning. Lestrade thanked him.
John tried to appear casual as he shifted in the armchair aware his arousal must be apparent. "I didn't want it to be transactional. It was, is, always about chemistry with me." Dr. Holmes regarded him coolly and he bit his lip, painfully. No fear.
They each took a long shower and waited for the Chinese takeaway to arrive in silence. John looked at his bare feet on the carpet. Sherlock attempted to close his eyes but couldn't.
John, jacket and shoes already off, crossed his arms. Sherlock braced himself for the inevitable stern voice and details of the apparent transgression. But John just let out a small huff and marched off towards the bath.
"Just a regular day at the lab. All on schedule with the two experiments in progress. Finished my evening reading."
"I've never had to take into consideration..." And that was the truth. He set the box down. There had never been anyone before he'd hurt, his callousness had never been blatant disregard for others. "... no one would have gotten hurt but me... before."
He proceeded to thread the long black ribbons through long-unused rings on the bed frame. First the ankles, not too far apart, no need today. John's breathing picked up. Then wrists, arms positioned to the sides and not towards the headboard as he yet did not know the extent of the flexibility of the injured shoulder.
The next case took too long. Too many days, too many nights, too many hurt and trafficked children. He'd stopped sleeping, and by the end of it all so had John.
A deep breath to steady his voice. "I may have wrongly assumed you'd find it... provocative, enticing."
Suddenly the touching was no longer tentative. He was held close as an eager mouth set to sucking and kissing his neck. Hands traveled over his back and hips, pressing, squeezing. He moaned and in response the grunts grew louder.
He'd work the garden in the morning before midday, a few hours of weeding, planting, watering before it got too hot. The afternoons and long evenings were devoted to writing, frequently on the small desk he'd set up on the back porch.
Two long fingers pushed in deep and John started fucking himself on them. Sherlock was kissing his shoulders, touching his thigh and side with his free hand. John pulled that hand to grasp his cock.
John stood at the table and watched while Sherlock took off his suit jacket and rolled up his shirtsleeves, then poured two glasses of red wine from a heavy decanter and brought a platter of meze from the fridge.
"John. When we met I was clear on the matter. Not my area." Except, it was. No longer quite so monogamously married to the Work, was he?
Sherlock reached out and placed one hand on the nape of John's neck eliciting a full body shiver. He let the weight of his hand sit there. Hot skin. Small shakes. But they had time.
They spent the next couple of hours waiting for the snowplow and the boots to arrive, but conversation was easy and time passed quickly. Sherlock was curious to know all about his life, the house, the bees, the precipitation in the area and, surprisingly, the local church choir - something to do with correlation between choral repertoire and crime rates - but John did not attend services and did not have the pertinent information.
Ugly. And over. For a while now. A fading sign of trauma far from this embrace, this morning, their life together. Their home.
He was an idiot. And to make it more embarrassing he felt his cheeks burn. The man must feel nothing but contempt for him now.
John was back from a brutal run, leaning over and drinking straight from the kitchen tap, his soaked t-shirt sticking to his back. The city was experiencing an unprecedented heatwave and his quick daily thirty minute run in the park felt like a footrace in the Sahara. He was desperate for a shower.
"John. You are impatient." He took a pause. "And so am I. Very much so. But am not a callous man. We will discuss some things first."
He looked, really looked at it. The striking antlers, the curious human face and torso, the twitchy deer ears, the thick auburn fur over lower belly and thighs, the hooves. And in its hands John's jumper. It clutched it to its chest and leaned its head sideways as if waiting for John's reaction. He waited and watched. And it brought the jumper to its face and, eyes watching John, rubbed it over one, then the other cheek, under its jaw and over the sparse fur of its chest. Its ears kept quivering. John couldn't take his eyes off it. It meant something but he did not know what. Absentmindedly he brought the apple to his mouth and took a bite. The creature, the buck, made a strange sound, a couple of clicks at the back of its throat, dropped the jumper and ran off.
It was incredibly thrilling and John openly moaned at the touch, leaning into Sherlock's side and feeling the intense jerks of his whole body as he played, the vibrations of the instrument just inches from him. He felt exposed, shameless in his disclosed fantasy. So he reached out and placed the tip of the fingers of one hand on the sidearm of the keyboard and just lost it, panting and pushing up into Sherlock's palm.
"I have a deadline Thursday, will have to push for it. This heat will slow me down. So, call you before next weekend?"
They returned to the house, Sherlock continuing with a detailed account of the trail of deductions that led to his solving the case as John banked the fire for the night. He turned around to see the man set neatly folded pyjamas at the foot of the bed and pull the corner of the duvet down, a black leather washbag in hand.
Sitting on the bus he took out his phone and punched the number into it. And sent a brief text, 'This is my number. John Watson', then added 'Thank you for the impressive performance tonight.' And hit send.
"No, you're right, I'll smoke on the back balcony and grumble about it." He grinned looking at the glowing tip of the cigarette he was waving around.
"Thank you for yesterday," he managed, letting his head fall on that solid chest. Oh, the man smelled amazing.
But how the hell was he supposed to approach the man after he cowardly ran from him. His work e-mail? He snorted.
No, not lazy at all. Just… involved in prolonged periods of important data collection and analysis. If anything he had become hypervigilant in his study of John Watson. After all, it only makes sense to keep things that were useful, information that mattered. And since their first meeting the man intrigued him. Afghanistan. A psychosomatic limp. The unique appeal was instant, strong. He’d winked when introducing himself. Winked?!
He tried arousing him in the morning but was met with a pliant partner who waited for permission to respond. In the evening they'd sit on the sofa reading together or watching a film and he always made sure to put his arm around the narrow shoulders, to hold Sherlock's hand. He bought him a small gift, a box of special Japanese pencils to mark his scores with. Sherlock thanked him profusely. And then kept silent for the rest of the evening.
John had come back slightly less angry and wearing fresh clothes, including a different jacket and shoes. Sherlock had already thought of a more than decent replacement for the brogues, one of the pair now lost to, fittingly, one of the lost rivers of London.
John pulled him closer. "Come here." And with his face buried against John's neck, hands gingerly wrapped around his shoulders, Sherlock finally felt some of the anxiety seep away. John shifted a bit to the side and whispered. "Get in here."
“Of course I was. They all watched you manhandle me out the door and, as they accurately assumed, straight to your bed.”
John felt his face redden even more and looked down at his own hands on the laptop's keyboard. "I do listen to music when I work."
Sherlock moved his hands away and John turned to look at him. His cheeks were pink and he was breathy and very aroused. And so fucking gorgeous. John kissed him a bit too aggressively, biting at his lips and stroking his beautiful cock.
It was exceptional. He couldn't take his eyes away from the pianist's hands. The complexity of the composition and the absolute control of the man over the instrument.
Quick pecks on the cheek as he read his email and John rushed off to work in the morning. Lingering kisses that spoke of want as other matters kept them occupied. Unhurried kisses that moved down his jawline, neck, chest, lower. Rough bites. Sucking. Kisses broken by moans and John's raspy "oh, fuck..."
A thermometer shoved mid-word into his mouth, not too gently, and he finally opened his eyes and looked at John’s worried expression.
And he'd become too agitated looking through John's box of military mementos, knowing the man would be furious if he knew Sherlock had even touched it. The photo of the unit, Afghan desert and lack of shirts... Sherlock had carefully placed it all back into the dresser and left John's bedroom, the image imprinted forever in his mind. It was prior to the shot.
He ignored the inane cover illustrations, all muscled chests and windblown hair, lettering in gold and lilac. And the titles… Words like ‘tender’, ‘savage’, ‘rogue’, ‘seduced’. He ignored how, improbable as it was, the vapid vocabulary made him blush.
He signed a book for Mike who thanked him. "And who should I make this one out to?" He looked at Sherlock who was running a hand through his unruly hair, his white shirt stretching over his thin frame. John couldn't take his eyes off those long fingers.
Sunday. They’d had a late night. Which meant he had quite some time before John would wake. No complaints of ‘being analysed like a bloody crime scene’ and reprimands his attention was ‘a bit not good’. As a medical professional, and one that spent a significant part of his adult life in the military, John was truly at ease with bodies. It was intense scrutiny of his own form he found uncomfortable.
Unsure of how to start John made an obvious comment. "You changed." He gestured at the suit jacket, gray shirt and dark jeans. Which looked fine, and helped push the lingering phantasy of slowly unwrapping Sherlock out of his white tie to the back of his mind.
"Don't mind being woken. I did suspect your excellent duvet, but I'm now ready to confirm it is you, John Watson, who are a surprisingly strong soporific." And somehow he settled even closer, slotting his body tightly against John's, and yawned.
"I'm not very good at this. Miserably bad actually. All spastic and vulgar tweets and all. Inappropriate, aggressive, needy. We really are the most wretched bunch, classical musicians. Obsessed with things the rest of the world doesn't care about, out of fashion and out of sorts. Autistic and locked away in our practise rooms, wanking at our pianos..." He coughed. "And I saw that woman and... really, there was no comparison. Why would you take me home when..."
Sherlock wiggled and scrunched his toes in the bright blue wool socks. "Thank you. Your hospitality has been... beyond expectation." A shy smile.
As he accidentally, but what a pleasant accident, brushed the side of his hand against the man's leg he felt a vice-like grip trap his wrist.
“So it wasn’t a case?” John was stepping closer and with his back to the kitchen counter Sherlock had nowhere to go.
"I think you are already doing very well deferring your release. Would you try for a longer time, the full day?"
After an hour he was ready to pack up and leave having exhausted multiple small talk topics with the accommodating staff. Well, one more hot tea for the road, it was easing up a bit out there but he still stood to get wet.
His body was now covered by licks, sucking and bites that were never hard enough. Over his chest, neck, sides, stomach, thighs. It was impossible to tell where the next stimulus would touch down.
And he'd always spend the night, and leave in the morning after a quick breakfast. The first two nights Sherlock was twitchy and neither of them got any sleep. Then things calmed down to a point where Sherlock was sleeping like a log even as summer morning sun washed over the bedroom.
Eyes closed, he focused his attention on the steady, repetitive sound of the heart monitor. It matched the slow pulse under his trembling fingertips. The rest of the world fell far into the background.
John forgot about the tea. Instead, suspecting Sherlock was eager to start his journey home during daylight, he set about packing a canvas bag with the still warm bread, a piece of local cheese, a bottle of water, and two jars of his own honey wrapped in a clean tea towel. Perhaps a thermos as well...
John bristled. His voice was taking on that stark quality that alarmed Sherlock on the rare occasions John felt the need to use it. "My partner is my family. He is not leaving. Get the doctor. Now."
The aftermath of an adrenaline surge and John's familiar warm embrace, Sherlock was surely and fast approaching sleep. "I'll wake you in two hours. I've set my watch."
They looked at each other for a moment. One man in a gesture of total acceptance, the other quivering as his nose ran.
He did not hold back on the first strike, letting the palm of his hand slap loudly against warm skin.
And that's how John found him two hours later on his knees scrubbing the already sparkling clean bathtub in a frenzy, the front of his shirt wet, sobbing quietly.
"I trust you," he whispered into the ruffled blond hair. But he still had to utter the one important word.
As he led Sherlock to his bedroom and the bed itself, John was astonished this was really happening. They sat side by side on the bed and Sherlock raised his hands to unbutton his shirt. John looked at his pale fingers.
Now fully erect, aware how lewdly he was displayed, he allowed himself a tiny moan. And felt the mattress shift behind him.
"After breakfast we'll try Mike." John ate while he spoke. "Although I assume he's having a time of his life plowing through the village. Until he passes our way no mechanic or towing service can reach us. And that could be late. Or tomorrow. Should we let anyone know you're here?"
Another sphere of ice starting from the ball of John's lovely foot, up the back of his leg and slowly pressed inside.
"Can you get up?" He took hold of the man gently and lifted him to his feet, he was worryingly light, then half-carried him inside the hallway. Sherlock was unsteady on his feet, swaying, completely wet, glasses missing, eyes red from crying. John was unnerved to see him in this state and wanted to know what happened, and fix it.
"Three bloody years, John." He sighed. "Do you know how boring the past three years have been? Wake up, smoke, practise, eat a sandwich, practise, smoke, check e-mail, think the most awful thoughts, abuse Instagram filters, insomnia, repeat."
With a growl Sherlock unbuttoned and pushed down his trousers and pants quickly and slightly roughly pushed the head of his cock past John's open lips.
Sherlock led him by the hand to the large shower and helped him in, then passed him a bar of soap, grabbing another and proceeding to lathering himself languidly as John watched.
John had called him ‘his’, had used the word ‘love’, frequently, despite Sherlock not yet managing to reciprocate out loud, had accepted a change in the way they interacted, both intimately and publicly, without pause.
"Hey, come here." John reached down and took the sponge away. And then lowered himself next to him and took both of his wet hands and placed them against his chest. "Let me hold you now."
John was now massaging the pinched buttock and biting at the side of his jaw. “What, someone objected to repeatedly saying what translates to ‘gigantic cock’?”
On a bright and blisteringly hot June day like this one memories of foggy mornings seemed distant and surreal.
"No, no need for you to apologize. You had given me no permission to touch you and yet I did. I am sorry about the misunderstanding, it was not my intention to initiate."
Perhaps whatever was troubling John would no longer be an issue in the morning. Or they'd have a new case, hopefully one that would give them a chance to run clear across London, those always put him in good spirits.
Sherlock moved to press his own increasingly impatient length to John's buttocks as his hands caressed hips, thighs, back. They were both breathing harder. John's skin becoming damp with sweat.
And just then Sherlock walked in, naked but for a towel wrapped low on his hips, hair wet, smiling, with his mobile in hand.
He sighed and pulled John into an embrace. "I apologize. It's been a stressful day and I lost control and... we can watch a film if you prefer..."
"I can take a joke, you know." John pulled him in for a long and very sensual kiss. "I'm not going to run."
"This," John looked around the well-worn house, the chipped cups and the single frayed armchair; looked down at his hands, wrinkled skin and age spots, "this is what you'd like?"
"See you next week John, and you'll tell me all about the Brazilian fish stew, sounds positively exotic!"
Sherlock pushed one long finger in just a bit and John started grinding against it immediately, his very thick cock hitting the back of the hand Sherlock was now furiously working over his own. He had never been so aroused. The stunning man he straddled looked at him with such lust.
Sherlock made a pain-stricken face. "This... This is a bespoke suit, John. One does not scrub it in the kitchen sink with dish soap!"
The buck smiled and made more of the clicking noises, turning its head lower so John could appreciate the growing antlers. It was wild, strong, surrounded by a nest of flowers, fruit and greens, gorgeous.
When it opened the two man looked at each other. Then with clear invitation John braced his hands behind his back and lowered his head. He waited, heart pounding, staring at the most beautiful pair of naked feet he'd ever seen. Oh, fuck.
John yanked the door on the passenger's side open and shone the light into the car's cabin. A single person, a rather disheveled looking man wrapped in several scarves as if wearing a turban, gripping the wheel. "Well obviously," he let his irritation show, "you can't stay here in this storm! Follow me to the house! Come on it's bloody freezing!"
It was just a matter of time before he got caught. The street light illuminated the room with a low glow.
He could hear crackling of the fire, indecently wet slurps, lusty sniffling. And his own husky whimpers as he sucked and was sucked.
And Sherlock smiled back. He took a moment to pour them more tea, aware he was getting aroused just from the small cues John was conveying. Still, no rushing.
He slowly pushed the sphere of ice past his lips and allowed it to chill his tongue before closing his eyes, biting down on in and breaking it with his teeth. Serene.
And with a sudden feeling of calmness and confidence John stilled and opened his eyes to face a panting, disheveled, gorgeous man who looked at him with tear-filled eyes and pure admiration.
John laughed with him. "Listen, if you think I might have an issue with something, just ask. All right?"
He patiently queued for the signing, straightening his hair and trying not to blurt out something idiotic when his turn finally came.
The wicked smile that faced him was at once sensual and something to be concerned about. "Oh John, I promise you I will never share you." He set his tea cup down. "This is a short list, but it's a start. We can discuss details ahead of time each time we meet."
Slowly, the fingers were withdrawn, wet and slick. And the hand slid around him and down his back. "Spread yourself open for me."
John held him, arm tight around his waist. He placed the other hand under his chin and lifted it up forcing him to take a look. And he was smiling, his eyes gentle, happy.
He was uncertain how to go public with this work as he had been unable to push himself to give his editor even a small sample. He did want the work read and thought of other venues that wouldn't expose his privacy but so far he was stumped at choosing a pseudonym, discarding one idea after another, and reluctant to figure out how to self-publish.
In the end he almost ran towards his building, hands full, panting, shoes wet as water streamed down the sidewalk.
“Never mind John. Yes, a case, boring, delete it.” And he deleted every single one of the messages and made sure his brother was blocked from sending further ones, although he was aware that wouldn’t last… British government business and all that.
"You're impossible." John was now aware of his hands pressing Sherlock tightly towards him as he spoke against velvety skin.
The flat was small and cramped with shelves of books, vinyl records, CDs and piles of sheet music. Everything neatly stacked. The sitting room held one sofa and one very polished upright piano.
One solid hand over his heart. He was safe, he could surrender completely and Dr. Holmes would take care of everything. John felt a surge of emotion.
Soon they were settled in front of the fire, Sherlock happily nibbling on a plate of biscuits as he disparaged the car's top of the line sat nav and offered several very exhaustive ideas on the improvement of the British motorway system.
John was shivering and gasping as the soft bristles flowed over more sensitive areas, several times unable to suppress a moan.
He'd been unusually silent and distant as Sherlock approached the suspect, in a clever disguise, and although he had the man implicate himself in several criminal acts in less than an hour, John had stood apart, jacket on, arms tightly crossed at the chest, an impatient, fixed stare throughout. Had the music at the venue not been so loud, surely he'd have heard the man's teeth grind.
Everything fell away and all that remained was incredible focus on the trail of that tongue that worked and worked him.
There was a small bandage across John's left cheek and a more serious immobilizing dressing around his left wrist, its ligaments badly pulled but luckily not torn. He looked tired and small as he slept in the high hospital bed, blanket pulled high over his chest. Sherlock sighed and refocused on the steady heartbeat.
As always, John had brought an unexpected element to their encounter, and had inadvertently pushed him past the point of intimacy he'd assumed he was ready for. An incredible man. At once impulsive and devoted.
The towing service was expected tomorrow, noon at the latest. Sherlock was leaving in the morning. John suddenly felt restless.
John nodded and set to it. Usually he'd only do the shortest dedication and sign, but with Sherlock standing in front of him he put away the marker and took out his own pen.
And next to him, with one large hand gripping his wrist possessively, the man he had waited so long to find was deep in slumber. Lips open and raw, hair disheveled, skin damp with sweat.
He spoke briefly to one of the volunteers in the garden, a woman in her sixties wearing a brightly coloured headscarf depicting sparrows as John stood aside. The woman was understandably shaken and he tried his best to reassure her it was all sorted before they took a taxi home.
He was expected to sit through three more tedious sessions of the conference that day, not to mention lunch and dinner with colleagues Dr. Stamford kept introducing him to. He felt a bit like a prized horse.
A cold nose and hot mouth started tracing over his hot naked skin. Neck, chest, for a long time and with tiny distressed bleats his extensively scarred shoulder, his armpits, and lower over his stomach. He let his hands return to glide over the velvet of the antlers as the buck explored his groin with pants of hot breath and swipes of tongue. He was beyond aroused, his thick cock spasming under the attention.
And miles away, while at the village post office, John Watson was picking up a package with embarrassingly reddened cheeks and surely the young lady working there now thought him either a tippler... or worse.
Its imposing rack of mature antlers, bone white, was twined with grapevines that were bright red and green. Its crown of curls seemed fuller and wilder than before, and downy auburn hair covered its chin.
John was away. Sister, family, something or other, irrelevant. Three and a half days already and now another postponement of his return. As if rehab was more than a small nuisance, well, a smallish hell… but Harry was a strong woman. Unlikely John was needed there. Certainly he was needed here, at Baker Street. In the cold, dark, pitiful bedroom that smelled wrong.
It was a beautifully arranged plate of rice-stuffed vine leaves, several kinds of olives and cheeses, small stuffed pastries.
Soon he was wrapped up in flannel and wool, socks thicker than he'd usually wear and sleeves a bit too short.
They stood at the back of the Land Rover and John, hands crossed on his chest, surveyed the large overpacked boot, suitcases and boxes filling the space. "You've brought an armchair?"
He should have been crawling out of his skin with boredom. Instead, he was aware his body was pliant, face sunk into a warm lap, legs weighed by a worn blanket, one finger slowly tracing the golden skin just under that wool.
John had agreed to stay the weekend. With an understanding they'd share several sessions. With an understanding a separate bedroom was available to John if he wished to rest on his own.
John had to leave as more people were waiting. Sherlock gave him a small wave then returned to the crowd.
He was enjoying a bottle of ale that came as a gift from another retired MD in the village who'd taken up brewing as a hobby. His phone rang.
It was a good day. In the morning session Dr. Holmes was brilliant, commanding the attention of the whole room and shooting down a pointless comment with little tact. John smiled thinking of the high probability the fantasy of that tone addressing him would inspire months of masturbation sessions to come.
“I pretended I was intoxicated. It wasn’t real. It was for the case…” Sherlock touched his hair, it would take more than one shampooing to get all the glitter out.
It was beautiful. The man slowly lowered himself at Sherlock's feet, still in clothes and boots, hands on thighs, head bowed, eyes low.
“Oh, no, no, he has his little library job. Three mornings a week.” He sighed theatrically. “I complain and complain about the alarm but he won’t be swayed to give it up.”
John got up and gestured to Sherlock to take his seat. He then leaned over, typed in a command and the screen filled with a list. He selected one item and a slow deliberate piano composition started to play.
Deep voice. "No, no need for you to apologize. You had given me no permission to touch you and yet I did. I am sorry about the misunderstanding, it was not my intention to initiate."
“Hmmm…” Sherlock closed his eyes to better enjoy the combination of hair scratching and lips against his jaw.
His legs were straddling a muscled thigh and he was already aroused by the position and the contact, with the cotton fabric of Dr. Holmes's pyjamas a thin barrier between two clearly eager men.
"Yes, I am an MD," John spoke calmly, "retired recently, but still able to notice signs one is not taking care of themselves properly, signs of malnutrition and poor grooming habits."
Offered another drink of water and then coaxed slowly onto his feet, John was supported by strong arms.
And the man's lips opened for a sharp inhale. He sat up straighter. Then a pink tongue appeared to wet his top lip.
And he was. No squirming, absolute attention and focus. How calm and confident compared to yesterday afternoon. Well, that was true for both of them. He set the teacup back on its saucer. And pulled John in for a long deep kiss.
John woke up throwing off his duvet with panic and gasping for air. Again. He settled back onto his battered pillow and took a moment to steady his erratic breathing. A nightmare. Again. No, the nightmare. Always the same one, always leaving behind a sense of loss and phantom pains in his scarred shoulder. War, screams, blood, pain, a gunshot. With a groan he sat up, one hand on the front of his sweat soaked t-shirt.
He’d never wanted anything in his life this badly. And that included his securing the Marie Skłodowska-Curie blue-sky research funding for the lab.
He brought only his left hand to the keyboard and started on a solemn but increasingly passionate piece. All the while teasing John with his fingers and palm.
It was six in the morning and he was laying in bed and staring into the screen of his phone. Holding it with both hands as if it were likely to fly off.
Sherlock waved one elegant hand dismissively, "Transport. Boring." He quirked an eyebrow in clear provocation. "Now, about your military background..."
And the mirror. He had taken a look yesterday. Just a brief glance. He knew he was healthier and heavier as he'd had to buy several new pairs of trousers last month. But the pink glow of his previously pale, grayish skin, the bright love bites low on his neck, a fingernail scratch on his shoulder blade. The feeling of contentment.
And then he really took him in. Oh, fuck. This was serious. The man was shivering and swaying on the spot, eyes wondering about the room. Hypothermia.
"Lovely." John laughed and drank his tea. "And incredible. You, this, all of this. Impossible and yet here we are."
He could not do much but breathe hard gasps as the buck swiped its tongue at his semen-soaked stomach and climbed back over him. Caging him back under its larger body and with the antlers almost brushing his forehead it gripped John's sweaty thighs between its fur-covered ones and pushed a long erection between them.
The look John gave him spoke of 'deranged', 'intervention' and 'drugs bust'. He quickly looked out the window. He was aware he sometimes misunderstood social cues. John was much better at this but he really couldn't ask him to explain now.
The fact that John had pulled up the duvet over his head to hide from the unexpected morning sun was regrettable. Although, its positioning presented one whole side of John’s prone, nude body uncovered, a development Sherlock currently took pleasure in sitting cross-legged at the bottom of the bed.
"Well, yeah. Of course. Only the one before we met, then immediately the new one you signed for me, then the first ones."
John looked pained, he brought one hand to rub at his eyes. "Go to bed now. We'll talk in the morning."
"Good. Very good. This gives us some time together. And I'd like us to get to know each other better." He set his glass down on a side table and leaned back in the armchair, crossing his legs.
"Please, take a seat. I'll take your jacket." Dr. Holmes approached him, one hand reaching. John felt giddy, staring at those hands so near his body, but not touching. Please.
“Solved it, here you go.” He dropped the phone back into John’s lap and made a quick exit towards the kitchen.
He stared at the tip of one well-worn shoe, just off the intersection of two charts. It started to tap.
"There are no cases. Well, nothing interesting. Almost died in a snowstorm for barely a four recently..."
Then, as months passed, Sherlock's interpretations became a constant companion as he wrote. The last two books, one reviewer had remarked on his 'leap into a complex darkness', were shaped as much by his hands on the computer keyboard as Sherlock's on the piano keys. He did away with easy dialogue of his first books and introduced difficult characterization, disquieting situations and plot lines. There was lots of Beethoven and not a happy ending in sight.
Serene. A deep, deep breath and Sherlock exhaled with a smile. Holding up a perfect sphere of clear ice to the light of the kitchen window he felt serene, in control, and just a bit excited.
John was aware he was blushing. "I... I'd had a brief encounter with someone more experienced at university. Very brief." His hands tied behind his back and some manhandling and that was it. "And not since then... well, not successfully anyhow. I've read some things and I suppose I have been looking for an opportunity for some time now."
Feeling a bit foolish, he was thinking of getting another drink and walking over to say hello to some French colleagues when he saw Dr. Holmes make a beeline towards him. John froze.
Certain John was asleep by now, Sherlock crept into the dark room, pulled the edge of the duvet down slowly, and settled on what had become 'his side' of the mattress.
In a matter of weeks the two men had established a routine of their own. Sherlock would send several text messages on disparate subjects at random times throughout the day.
"John..." He shifted on the bench and pulled John to sit next to him although there was barely space for both of them. The ensuing very long and slow kiss, Sherlock's hands digging into hips and small moans, had John heavily breathing into his open mouth and trembling as he felt hands on his waist, thighs, buttocks.
"Yeah," John shrugged, still smiling, "I did." He took in the room. It had been a great room once, he supposed, ornamented rugs and elaborate wallpaper, bookshelves of mementos and a mirror above the fireplace mantel. Now, wallpaper peeling in places, the rug with burn marks, and an incredible amount of stacked papers, debris and just plain dust on every surface, it was derelict. And Sherlock, looking better than he expected, standing barefoot in the middle of it all.
He nibbled on a biscuit as John took his evening shower and thought about all the evidence once more.
But he'd already set out next year's garlic crop and readied most of the rest of the garden for its winter slumber.
"Why not? Well, you have to come this time." Sherlock kept pulling on his shirt, twirling his glasses in his hand, adjusting the mess of his hair, and speaking incredibly fast. "Nothing beats live, certainly not the shitty quality of sound of fucking youtube videos. I have an amazing programme, the venue is cool. Chopin and Bach! I'll get you a ticket. Or... tickets, so you can bring someone?" He stuck the smudged glasses back on his nose and shut up abruptly.
After being thrown out by an irritated Lestrade he decided to take a walk. Walks could be conducive to analysis of data that demanded his attention.
"I... I apologize." He barely managed looking at the floor. For the longest moment there was only the noise of the room and the almost painful touch of that strong hand. He swallowed suppressing a wave of pleasure at the brief pain.
“It is a magnificent sight, as I’ve mentioned, in 1926 the police had to be called in due to great public interest.”
John had pulled up a kitchen chair close to the fire and the wool-swaddled man in his armchair. They sipped their second cup of tea quietly and he watched the pinkening cheeks and two large hands holding the teacup that now shook significantly less. Skin pale, and not only from the cold, knuckles dry and cracked to scabs, two broken fingernails. He'd helped him pull on a pair of thick wool socks and noticed a badly bruised shin. This was a person who did not take care of himself and clearly had no one to check up on him. Mid to late fifties, he guessed, but unkempt to a point John thought early onset dementia might be an issue. Stranded in inadequate clothes and shoes in this weather...
He startled noticing the water was ice cold. That meant he'd lost track of time and had been under the spray, pressure accounted for, for over twelve minutes.
As the day progressed, he found himself looking around, eager to glimpse the blond man. Perhaps he'd left the conference. He felt a tinge of regret and promptly tried to shake the feeling off.
On Wednesday he received an email from a friend from university he hadn't seen in a while. Bill was in town just for the day and was reaching out to friends to meet for drinks at his hotel that evening. John confirmed immediately.
He looked down at his shimmering hands. The suit jacket, no, actually everything he wore would need to be taken to the specialist dry cleaners. He looked for a bin bag under the sink.
John had woken cradled in Sherlock's arms. He looked up and was met with a soft kiss on the lips, long fingers touching his back and cheek.
John laughed. "No, no, you're right. I agree, my editor agrees, the critics have agreed. Please, don't censor yourself."
"Have I mentioned my anger management issues? One more facet of my wonderful personality." He laughed a bit nervously.
"Is something wrong with my mouth?" John asked. He'd stared too long but there were no marks besides the evidence of John's habitual lip licking. "Heard you solved a murder while I was gone, a torrid love affair between coworkers, was it? Yeah, I've had a great time too, an update on meningococcal meningitis and other vaccinations available for overseas travelers, thanks for asking." John's feet on the stairs, bag on edge of mattress, a drawer opening.
"I asked if you'd like to eat first because it is obvious you rushed here. I'd say a difficult day at the lab, then briefly home, quick shower, shave? Your hair is still damp. You arrived without a bag."
“I… I’ve made a donation in our names. It doesn’t have to be public, but if you agree the label will be engraved.”
A stark contrast to his own worn and patched corduroys, the cheap paperback novel he held in his lap, the pair of wellingtons drying off by the door, the country house itself with its frayed carpet, chipped tea cups, whistling wind.
He stood at the table unsure if he’d be reprimanded on the spot. Publicly. But Dr. Holmes simply stood up and took him in with one quick and scrutinising look.
John nodded and spoke with a sure voice. He'd obviously thought this out. "No cuts or permanent marking, no filth, nothing medical or military, nothing in public or in front of others or filmed. I am open to discussing pain beyond mild and various... implements, but have no experience with that. And no sharing."
It had been a rather fun case. Started off as a tedious murder between sisters. Became interesting when the man he suspected as their spurned lover turned out to be a tragically bullied third sibling.
He returned to find his pillow on the edge of the quilt, the no longer wet scarf draped over it as well as some of the flowers. With sudden realisation he blushed red.
Sherlock took a photo of his half-finished plate, angling the phone to get the tea cup partially in, giggling.
"Oh, I'm sure every male figures this out early on. Not everyone has the same... drive, though. Different people, different habits."
Aware of nothing but this point of touch and his own thundering heartbeat, Sherlock shivered silently.
He set the cup down and opened the door. Boots. His two sets of muddy boots had been pushed about. John lined them up again on the small bench and returned to the warm kitchen to make himself breakfast, a bowl of oatmeal with some apples and honey.
"I have already told you I am not leaving." Sherlock tried to keep his voice low but the situation was clearly escalating.
John still read through it all. Twice. And played and replayed one of the videos, Sherlock's hands, fingers hitting the piano keys.
The past months' long hours of daylight had turned into messy pages of fast written short stories he still needed to edit, so John spent most evenings sat by the fire and chewing on the end of his pencil.
He opened the door and was met with a smiling man running one hand through his ruffled blond hair. Black leather jacket, dark jeans, heavy boots, and, surprisingly, a matte black motorcycle helmet in one hand. Absolutely breathtaking. He smiled back speechless.
He shook his head slowly and looked at John. Worry, exhaustion, but also something else in those eyes. Then John, as was his habit when thinking something over, licked his lips, and Sherlock had to close his eyes again.
Sherlock sent texts with random questions about favorite brand of tea, number of books John owned, afternoon napping habits. John couldn't tell how much this had become an in-joke and how much it was a reminder of Sherlock's offer.
"Oh, and I got the Scriabin down. You'll love it." Sherlock blurted out and promptly got up, so John did too panicked that he was about to leave.
Again, as he'd done for the past three nights, Sherlock stood at the door, one hand on the wooden frame. Listening. In terror. In shame.
John woke to a soft snore at the back of his neck, a hand on his hip. He woke with a grin on his face, feeling young, foolish, excited. Outside the wind had picked up and inside the fire had gone down. Still, he was in no hurry to leave this snug cocoon, the rhythm of breaths, the unexpected shifts of long legs tangling with his own. He closed his eyes. Just a bit longer.
John felt his bad leg tremble. He couldn't. He was starting to shake, gasp for air. He lowered his forehead to rest against Sherlock's shoulder. They stayed like that for a bit, John trying to relax into the hands that held him so very close. He ran his fingers along the protruding bones of Sherlock's spine, feeling the warm body under the thin cotton of the shirt, the breaths, an elevated heart rate to rival his own.
"This is not about me overpowering you. We may have different needs, but we stay equals." He carefully untied and took off his boots as John watched. Then socks, handling each foot gently, letting his fingers wrap around the ankles. "And it is not about pain or extravagant toys. We may or may not get to those things. It is up to us to decide together."
"Oh, no need, really." John wiped his hands on a tea towel to take a look at the packages, seven of them. They were rather expensive looking, wrapped with layers of tissue paper and small colorful stickers.
Five strikes on the same buttock in quick succession. His palm felt warm. Watching John's skin pink. He pinched and John yelped.
That's how long it lasted. John's hand reaching for him, warm palm at the back of his neck, fingers just grazing his hairline. "Do get some sleep tonight. I'm taking a quick shower and turning in myself."
"Nope, not my patient. But you are my boyfriend, you're upset, you're hungry and probably dehydrated." He squeezed his hand. "So, as your boyfriend, I am prescribing more pasta and possibly camomile and certainly an early retreat under the duvet."
John ate with his fingers, biting into a slice, licking his fingers and sighing happily. Sherlock smiled and cut into his piece.
John watched his sleeping form in the mornings. He was devastatingly beautiful but somehow thought himself the opposite. Long, pale, naked limbs stretched out over the bed. Unruly, greying curls. Small hot breaths. One hand always, always grasping John's wrist or hip. As if anchoring him.
Outside, standing next to a mud-splattered Land Rover and taking off what seemed to be leather driving gloves, attired in tweed and tattersall, knee-high polished country boots and wind-blown grey curls, stood Sherlock Holmes, the epitome of what a fashion advert might deem as the 'landed gentry look'. Ridiculous. And breathtakingly gorgeous.
All the while John was kissing every bit of alabaster skin he could reach. He pulled off the jeans and socks soon enough and took a moment to look at the truly beautiful man who was aroused and now blushing, reaching for the edge of the bedspread.
John was smiling which helped as Sherlock suddenly questioned his carefully thought-out plan. He made a show of straightening the stake of the metal sign.
With no memory of how he made it back to his own room John lay on the bed fully clothed and closed his eyes. His breathing was uneven and his mind a mess. Exhausted, he fell into a feverish sleep.
“Now, I’m taking your temperature and then you’re having a long drink of water and some ibuprofen.” He sighed. “The snow under the window was actually a good idea to cool down the burnt skin. Still, I’ll look into the bath for an ointment. Any dizziness?”
He reached up to unbutton the cuffs and touched John's wrists gently. And reminiscent of the first time they touched he grasped one wrist in a strong hold as the other arm reached up to undo the shirt buttons, one by one. No rush.
The hand stilled and he could feel a current of tension in John's body. "If you ever, purposely, put yourself in front of a gun-wielding man..."
"I don't have to wait until the next book comes out and you do a signing?" He gestured towards the desk with the laptop.
Exhausted, sweaty, aware he had semen smeared on his chest and perhaps in his hair, Sherlock relished the repetitive gentle scratches at the back of his neck as John held him, relished hearing his soft breaths that would soon become raspy snores, relished the smell of his unwashed body, relished knowing the number of nights he’d already spent in his arms. Relished the possibility of so many more days and nights to come.
