“I don’t want your first-born. I want two weekend shifts covered, understood? Of my choosing.”
Steve eyed them suspiciously. “You two are weird.”
Johnny rubbed his eyes self consciously.
Steve smiled, rolling onto his side and tucking one arm under his head.
“That’s right,” Joseph nodded and Steve was right, his father was smirking. He reached out a hand towards Tony in a clear invitation.
“There’s an exhibit on Barnes at the Smithsonian,” Tony mused.
“That may be,” Edwards repeated. “However, you have to acknowledge what it looks like. What it looks like to the parents of our students. I have had multiple complaints already this morning. Several decided not to send their children to school today. I think we can both agree that anything that impacts on the students’ learning is unacceptable. Which is why the board and I have come to a decision.”
Dr. Romanoff smiled at him. Bruce suspected that for Dr. Romanoff, a smile was like grinning from ear to ear. “Good job, Bruce. Let’s run the tests to confirm your diagnosis.”
“Did I hire him?”
Steve jumped to his feet. “Guess what? Same here. But you fly off, into danger, and I hate watching that. I hate it, Tony. I hate seeing you in danger. I hate seeing you hurt. I hate living in fear every time you go out in the suit. I hate wondering if this is the time you’re not gonna come back. I hate it so much. And I’m never going to stop hating it.”
Tony swam towards the carrier bag, hopping onto the edge of the pool and rummaging inside. Steve tried not to stare, but for the first time, he could see Tony’s body clearly. It was… Well, it didn’t quite seem real.
“It’s a long story,” Steve replied. “Hey, Tony? Come here. Don’t go too near the water,” he warned, grabbing Bruce’s arm and pulling him back.
Panic bubbled in Tony’s throat as his vision was filled with water. While he could and would easily dive underwater, he hated his head being underwater without warning and with his suit suddenly unresponsive, no doubt thanks to Nefaria’s EMP - and clearly he was still alive if he’d managed to activate it - it was near impossible to stay calm.
“I’m waiting,” Marci singsonged.
He meant for more than just the picture. He thought about what Arnie said, about knowing that Ellie was loved, and realised that they would never have to worry about her not being loved. Not as long as the Avengers were around.
Who he was recusing, Ellie or the cat, Steve wasn’t entirely sure.
It didn’t help.
“Hey, that’s not fair,” Steve called. “People were uncomfortable but no one else was going to say anything.”
“It’s not my story to tell,” Steve tried instead. “Look, Tony… Tony’s a good person. He doesn’t have anything and I think it’s Stane’s fault. But I have no way of proving it. I just want Tony to get what belongs to him. I just want to take care of him.”
“Uh huh. Wanna try that again?”
Throughout the day, the evidence seemed to point towards Steve making a quick recovery. Maybe it was just a twenty four hour thing, Tony mused hopefully. Steve managed to eat the rest of the apple over the morning, then a piece of toast, and he even made it through a small portion of oatmeal at dinner.
Barton scowled. “I can’t believe you left Stark in charge.”
“Isn’t the last one still in our apartment?”
“Yes,” Steve nodded. “A mer.”
One: he wanted to know Peter was okay.
“So much fun,” Tony replied. “So many toys.”
Tony chuckled. He picked up a pair of cufflinks from the box before crossing to Steve and holding them out. Steve smiled. He set his mug aside and took the cufflinks. He knew that Tony was perfectly capable of putting on his own cufflinks, but the thought of dressing Tony for work warmed him in inexplicable ways. Perhaps because he was here and part of Tony’s morning routine and the whole thing was so wonderfully domestic.
“Alright, jump up,” Tony ordered, patting the bench when they reached medical.
“JARVIS, is he here?”
“You take the bathroom first,” Tony said, nipping Steve’s ear. “Quiet, remember?” he said when Steve raised an eyebrow.
“Brains are dicks like that, huh?”
Stark threw his weight against the door once, twice, and on his third attempt the lock broke. Stark threw the door open and Steve shot out. His face was red and streaked with tears, and his eyes were like saucers as they shot around the corridor. Stark moved to his side, slow and steady, his hands outstretched.
Natasha stared down the corridor towards the door, her brows knitting together. “I think he’s with the best person to make sure that he is.”
Tony shook his head, “He has the flu.”
Until he put the phone aside, kissing the crown of Steve’s head and patted his shoulder.
“This is Ellie. Eleanor.” he began. “She’s yours.”
“Great.” Tony blinked. “Any messages I should check up on?”
“Sit down, Steve.”
“Once or twice,” Steve smiled.
“Mr Rogers, can you tell me what happened on August 16th 2014?”
“Two pots, but that’s beside the point.”
and Steve almost burst into tears.
“I gotta go,” Tony said, pulling back.
Tony took a moment to appreciate said perfect chest - during which he may or may not have groaned a little - before hovering just above Steve’s nipple.
“Really?” Tony grinned.
It came to a head, when Tony’s grin faded into a smile, and he asked, “You okay? You seem… I don’t know. Off.”
Steve laughed, picking up his backpack from the footwell before giving Tony one final, final kiss. “Thanks for the ride. See you later.”
“No, I know,” Tony sighed. “It’s just hard not to feel like it’s my fault. Mostly because it is.”
“Very funny,” he snapped, pushing his glasses further up his nose with his wrist.
“Tony!” Stane bellowed. “Get out here!”
“The teeth.” Tony pointed to his mouth. “How do they look?”
Apparently he failed, because Tony’s face softened and he assured Steve, “You have nothing to worry about.”
“Then why the interest?”
“I’ll, uh, I’ll be right back,” Steve said, excusing himself from the table. “Be good, and don’t go anywhere,” he warned Evie Rose.
It was there when they joked about Steve being able to keep up with Tony’s rambling explanations because, “I’m a genius, you know?”
“Maybe,” Rhodey nodded.
“Yeah, almost,” Matt nodded. “We’ve gone to every psychiatrist in the city. They say she’s bipolar or delusional or something. But they all blame the assault.”
“Done,” Natasha announced.
“Nope. I know he left the service about eighteen months ago after a training accident took his eye-”
“Hmm, not good enough,” Tony shook his head. “You’re breathtaking.”
A few hours later, Tony heard the doors open and close and felt someone watching him. It was too early for Steve to be here, so it was probably Bruce. It definitely wasn’t Bucky, because Bucky Barnes was physically incapable of being silent unless his life depended on it. Only, whoever it was was just staring at him. Turning away from the design he was working on, Tony glanced over his shoulder and found a stranger staring at him with wide eyes.
“No, you’re not,” May decided. “You’re coming home with us.”
“Everything okay?”
The elevator doors opened and Steve stormed past Tony into their bedroom, tossing his jacket onto the bed with a, “Fuck!”
Steve ducked out of the way just in time to avoid the knife which flew through the air, narrowly missing his head and embedding itself in the wall. Steve stared at the knife and distantly realised he should be freaking out, because if he’d been a few seconds slower, the knife would be sticking out of his eye. But he didn’t have the energy to freak out about it. The adrenalin crash was already beginning to hit.
“I guess it all depends on if your explanations are up to it,” Steve said, arching his eyebrows.
The silence stretched between them.
“No, I… I guess I was so focused on getting away with it that I never thought… I own a company,” Steve realised. “Tony, I know nothing about running a business - any business, let alone one this big.”
“You, on the other hand,” Steve murmured, glaring at Obadiah Stane’s smug expression.
“And finally,” Natasha continued, only to be interrupted by the doors opening and a paramedic shouting, “Come on, clear it out guys.”
“You must be Steve. Phil Coulson. JARVIS said you were coming to join the party,” he greeted.
A sea of hands shot into the air and Steve resigned himself to the inevitable.
Tony returned to the line, ordering another coffee for Coulson and a smoothie for himself. He threw a smile at a couple of kids gazing at him wide-eyed from a table in the corner.
Tony padded through the apartment and opened the front door, but instead of the pregnant blonde he expected to see, it was a teenage girl.
“You’re having dinner with a demigod and a super-soldier from the forties, Steve,” Tony reminded him. “Do you really want to get into what’s possible and what’s not?”
“Well, look what I have to compare you with.” Tony gestured to Steve. “It’s not exactly a high bar.”“Come on, Bruce, I’ll give you a ride back,” Steve said, ignoring Tony’s smirk and barely resisting the urge to flip him off again.
“Yeah. I think it’s busted though,” Tony shrugged. “Hasn’t worked in years. There’s a room downstairs with the pump and everything.”
“Having sex on your roof is probably a bad idea, right?” Tony murmured, pulling back a little.
“You know, usually, when someone says that, it’s my automatic reaction not to believe them,” he said slowly. Then he looked up, meeting Steve’s eyes. “But with you, I almost believe it.”
“Father’s can. You don’t.”
“Hey,” he smiled, taking in Tony in business mode: the sharp suit and sunglasses hiding his eyes. It was a good look. Even with all the weirdness in his head, Steve could appreciate that.
“That is not what I want,” Sharon whispered. “But you didn’t sign up for-”
Foggy read through the papers carefully, then said, "Actually, Mr Rogers, could I take that glass of water after all?"
accident,” she muttered. “Jesus, that kid.”
“Oh yeah.” Tony swam forward. “I can demonstrate if you like?”
“We’ll keep an eye on him,” Coulson nodded. “Two eyes, if we can spare them.”
“Good thing you’re not a hypocrite then.”
“Yeah. Where’s Steve? Thought he was coming with you.”
“Tony,” Steve groaned, his hips stuttering. “God, oh God, I need you. I really need you, baby.”
“My friends call me MJ,” she said.
“Thank you Pepper.”
They lapsed into silence, and Steve allowed himself to relax fully for the first time since he said goodbye to Tony in an airfield five months ago. He could feel Tony’s heart beating through his chest, a steady reminder that Tony was here, he was safe, he was home.
Tony giggled, his nose scrunching up, and something that adorable probably shouldn’t be a turn on, but apparently it was.
Tony ran his hand over Steve’s back, soothing him through his orgasm.
“It seems to run on some sort of electricity,” Steve replied, deadpan.
But he pressed a kiss to Steve’s temple to take the sting out of his comment, and Steve snuggled further into his chest.
Stark nodded, tossing his kit towards her and jumping onto the top of the SUV. “What’s her name?”
Tony shifted beneath him, planting his feet on the bed, and the movement meant his dick brushed up against Steve’s prostate. Steve groaned, pulling on Tony’s hair as his hands clenched. Tony nuzzled his chin, nudging it upwards so he could look into Steve’s eyes and the look in Tony’s eyes was so powerful, so full of love and adoration, it felt like a punch to the gut. Steve stared back, dry-mouthed.
Tony leaned down and kissed him one more time. “We do. Okay, food. Be right back.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Tony asked, his tone ice cold.
Steve hummed. “That’s nice.” He kissed Tony’s neck again, then sighed, “Okay, I’ll be right back.”
“I’m fine,” Steve replied. “A little banged up, but I’m fine. Are you-?”
“We don’t talk about that,” Angie added. “Like we don’t let Steve in the kitchen.”
in his head. Alexander was glancing between them with an unreadable expression on his face.
“I met Pepper,” Steve admitted.
“Steve, you’d still marry me if I looked like Bugs Bunny, right?”
“It will,” Steve promised. “Trust me.”
“Not really,” Tony shook his head. “I mean, I should. As an Avenger. But I don’t want to.”
“Definitely.” Tony licked his lips, moving his hand between Steve’s thighs to play with his balls. “You love it.”
Steve nodded, but Natasha could see him shaking.
“If he won’t dance with me, will you?” Angie huffed.
There was no Tony perched by the pool when they reached the top of the steps today. Steve took the lead, sliding open the patio door and letting Bruce in.
“Right,” Steve cringed. “Sorry. That was- I’m an idiot.”
“All done,” he announced.
Tony hummed, hooking his chin over Steve’s shoulder.
A part of him wondered when Tony Stark decided a night in eating pizza was better than a night out partying. Another part of him knew it was after meeting Steve. Since meeting Steve, he didn’t want to go out and meet new people. He just wanted to get to know Steve.
One hot shower and a plate of eggs Benedict later, he felt much more alive. Tony headed downstairs to the lab, coffee in hand, looking forward to a day of just being Tony Stark, inventor, rather than Tony Stark, superhero. Being Iron Man had its good points of course, but sometimes it was fun just to mess around in the lab for a day, coming up with all sorts of mad ideas to throw at his minions in R&D so he could watch their heads explode.
“That’s cold,” Steve told him. “Real cold. Oh. Oh, God, it’s getting worse. Please. Please, come on.” He pretended to try and scratch his nose against his shoulder. “You gotta help me. Please. You do this and I’ll shut up. And you can scroll through Tinder to your heart’s content.”
, Tony was actually here.
Pepper nodded slowly. “Thank you. And thanks for everything you’ve done tonight. I really appreciate it.”
“Oh, I see Maria,” Sharon announced. “Steve, over here.”
Lucky raised his head on the other side of the room, wagging his tail.
“Let me just…” Sharon frantically began tidying the desk, slipping the USB from its port as she lifted the newspaper. Steve had no idea where she put it, but it vanished from her hand. “Again, Mr Stane, I am so very sorry about this. Steve?”“Right,” Steve nodded and they hurried towards the door.
He hurried through setting the flowers in water, then had the quickest shower in history, and redressed in the jeans that made his ass look good, and the shirt Peggy always said brought out his eyes. Steve all but ran out of the apartment, only to return when he realised he’d forgotten his inhaler, then it was back to the subway to meet Tony at Avengers Tower.
She nodded, looking unconvinced, then drifted away with her kids.
Tony smiled. “Let’s do it.”
“Perhaps the point is how we view people. People from different backgrounds. Tony Stark and the Avengers are called heroes, despite killing and injuring many more civilians than my client is accused of. Which is why I ask you to go into this trial with an open mind and consider this: if the circumstances were reversed, if Tony Stark grew up with nothing and Luchino Nefaria had everything, would we be sitting at Mr Nefaria’s trial today? Or would Tony Stark be the one of trial? I thank you for your time.”
“Sharon,” Natasha interrupted. “I love you. And I’m not going anywhere.”
Bruce grinned.
“Just… You. This.”
“But it’s not one fight, is it, Steve? How many fights have you been in since I’ve known you?”
“You wouldn’t believe how long I’ve spent thinking about this moment,” Stane mused. “Can’t quite believe it’s here. I’ve been looking forward to this for a long time, ever since I saw that will. Goddamn Howard.”
God, he needed so much coffee after this.
“Yeah.”
Steve sucked in a breath, staring out across the waves, watching them roll across the sand for several minutes before he could reply. Grief bubbled in his throat, threatening to choke him.
“Really?”
Finally he put her down in her cot, waiting another few minutes, patting her belly softly until she settled once more, then he slipped out of her room, pulling the door closed but leaving it unlatched before padding through to the living room.
Taking a deep breath, Steve opened Instagram and began a new post. He glanced at Tony and smiled to himself as he began to type. He’d deliberated over what he should say ever since they first decided it was time to reveal their relationship to the world - it was amazing they’d managed to fly under the radar for so long, and they wanted to come out on their own terms - considering various different ideas before deciding against them all.
“Thank you,” Pepper smiled.
“I guess,” Steve sighed, scrubbing a hand over his face. “I still don’t like it, but if it’s the best way to stop him, I guess it’s a sacrifice I have to make.”
“What happened in that room?”
“Nothing,” Matt replied, with conviction Bruce admired.
That was good, because Scott knew from painful experience that women didn’t like it when he forgot that they had a date. But it was also slightly concerning, because his girlfriend was all dressed up and she wasn’t going out with him.
“Tony. Tony, stop,” Steve gasped. “I want… more.”
“That is the opposite of not stopping,” Steve grumbled, before reaching above his head, pressing his palms against the headboard and using the leverage to fuck himself down onto Tony’s cock.
“Nice to meet you, MJ,” Bucky replied.
Steve shivered.
“They tried traps, but the mice were sneaky. They escaped.”
“To the penthouse, sir?” JARVIS asked.
“Good man.”
“Come on, kid,” the doctor said. “Come inside, let me take a look at you. I’m Dr. Stark. And you are?”
Tony snorted. “Yeah, I get that.”
Now both Rhodey and Sharon were both staring at him suspiciously. Steve smiled, hefting the pool cleaning equipment further onto his hip. It wasn’t heavy; just unwieldy.
Natasha frowned. “I don’t understand. Why would that stop you from coming with me?”
“What have you been up to?” he called.
about Tony.
Tony trailed his fingers up Steve’s ass, hesitating to look up and ask, “Okay?” and waiting for Steve’s answering nod before pushing his first finger inside.
Angie shrugged. “I’ll take your word for it. You’re the good Catholic.”
When Steve woke the next morning, it was to a dry mouth and a pounding headache. He groaned and tried to burrow beneath the pillows. The usually soft linens felt rough against his skin and everything seemed too loud even though there was no sound except for a very familiar chuckle.
“Yeah,” he nodded. “Uncle Steve is really strong, and I’m a superhero, so we’ll look after you.”
And while this heat wasn’t as bad as his last - a product no doubt of the fact that he’d only just weaned his pup - it still hurt and sex sounded great right about now. Especially considering the fact that Tony was right upstairs and he’d caught a whiff of Tony’s scent when he was scenting Ellie.
. Underneath the headline was a screenshot of a profile for
“Sorry, that was… I didn’t mean to say that.”
Steve raised an eyebrow at him.
“Not really,” Steve admitted. “Do you?”
“Not to self, never sit next to Barton at dinner again.”
In this world, Daniel and Peggy were meant to be together.
Confusion flooded Tony’s veins until he almost missed a step.
“And when they do, they’ll be met by my Dreadnoughts,” Nefaria cut him off. “Did you like them? My own design. Well, I may have had a little help from a friend. You know him, I believe. Marco Scarlotti. Couldn’t have done it without him.”
Steve threw himself into the work, hoping to drive away the lingering negative feelings by keeping busy enough to avoid giving his brain a chance to think. It was always dangerous letting his brain think. Luckily, taking the pump apart required all of his brain power, even with the manual and Tony’s guidance ringing in his ears.
“That was worth waiting for,” he murmured.
Then Steve slipped his other hand into Tony’s hair, winding it around his fingers and earning a, “Yes, Steve, yes, do it.”
He couldn’t imagine Arnie living anywhere that wasn’t Brooklyn but the SHIELD file he’d read while he was pregnant said that Arnie and his late husband - Michael, an alpha who he’d married a few months before he passed away once marriage between alphas was legalised - had moved out of the city when Michael’s health deteriorated.
“Fucking capitalism,” he muttered.
“You can’t,” Rhodey muttered.
“I have a girlfriend,” Bruce interrupted. “I actually meant you could call me if you needed to talk about the whole
Tony looked up in surprise. That, that was back at the start of the school year. After the fight about the books. Tony ran his fingers over the petals. “You’ve been planning this since September?”
“Yeah, I’m great,” Steve lied. He wasn’t great, he was so far from great, but having a purpose, something to fight for, was invigorating.
Tony was in the shower the next morning when he heard the bathroom door open and close. He froze, before spinning around, smacking his elbow against the wall of the tiny cubicle, hissing when he hit his funny bone.
“Oh, God, I hate these hormones already.”
The FBI agent appeared visibly uncomfortable. “We received information from Dream Master Inc that you made a threat against the event.”
“You asshole,” Steve yelled, unable to stop himself from grinning.
“Tony and I had a fight.”
“That is… possibly offensive, I’m not sure,” Tony frowned.
“How strong?”
“Fuck,” he breathed.
“That was fun,” Tony mused. “I had fun.”
“Nick?” Tony called, shaking his shoulder. “Nick, buddy, I need you to wake up.”
“You know it,” Clint nodded.
“Okay.”
Giving Steve’s cock one final squeeze, Tony dropped to his knees by the edge of the bed. Steve lifted his head, his stomach muscles curling as he sought Tony out, before falling down again with a sharp inhale when Tony began mouthing Steve’s cock through his pyjama pants.
“See you,” Steve called, grabbing his keys and slinging his bag over his shoulder.
“All in one piece,” Tony assured him. “What happened? I, I woke up and you were gone.”
“You are.”
“And why are we the dads anyway? Cap’s been in a committed relationship longer than I have.”
“Get off of me!”
He returned to the nurses’ station to call the theatre, but he couldn’t help glancing back at Alexander, who looked up and met Steve’s eyes. Steve offered him a tentative smile of thanks, and Alexander smiled and winked, just like he used to back before they were a couple. It brought back memories of those first days after graduating, filled with fear and constantly fighting the feeling of being overwhelmed. And in the middle of all the chaos was Alexander, with a warm smile and a wink when Steve needed reassurance that he wasn’t fucking everything up.
“Good,” Daniel nudged him. “You deserve to be happy, Steve.”
Alexander fixed him with a look. “Don’t play dumb, Steve. You and I both know you came out top of your class and that you could’ve gone to med school if you wanted.”
Tony felt something pressed into his palm; when he looked down, Natasha was pushing her gun into his hand.
“Three years, you’re only just figuring this out?”
Coulson shrugged. “And as for watching people you love in danger, that’s hard whether they’re a superhero, or an ordinary person in a car accident or fighting cancer. Life isn’t easy. But that pain means you love them. I guess you have to ask yourself if you’d rather love them, pain and all, or be alone.”
“It worked for you?”
“I’m Captain America,” Bucky shrugged, as though that answered everything. “All you gotta do is give ‘em that million dollar smile, do the
Clint was frozen in horror. On one hand, he felt like a gauntlet had been thrown down and he never refused a dare, never. But on the other, he didn’t want to be here for this! He saw similar looks of discomfort on Hope, Scott and Sharon’s faces. Hammer, the idiot, looked smug.
“Not bad,” he murmured, eyeing the pile of trash they’d built up. “Alright. See you, Tony.”
And shame flooded Steve’s veins, because it was true. Every time Joseph turned up, Steve always said it was the last time and then a few months later, Joseph would turn up again and twist Steve around his little finger. Steve hated himself for it. He’d never understood how his mother could let Joseph come back time and again, and now here he was, doing the exact same thing.
“That was an outlier and shouldn’t be counted,” Daniel said. “And in another world, I think you and I totally made it work.”
t-shirt. “I don’t know you.”
“Sorry. Got lost in my own little world.”
“Aye!” Hannah chirped.
“Agreed,” Hope nodded. “I can’t believe we didn’t see this.”
Steve stepped forward.
“Is there somewhere I can watch what’s going on in DC?”
(It wasn’t breaking and entering, because he also knew how to lock them again. Technically speaking.)
“You too,” Tony nodded. “And I’ll message you about Thursday.”
Across the table, Matt jumped and finally stopped kissing Bucky.
“I’ll see you both soon,” Natasha said, giving Charles a final reassuring smile before leaving the cubicle only to instantly be ambushed by Bruce.
“Alright. If you insist.”
“Thank you,” Natasha smiled. “Now, let’s see if we can figure out what’s going on with your heart. Are you happy for…” She indicated to the woman. “Your friend to stay?”
“Nope,” Dr. Stark replied.
And one that he’d hoped never to see again.
He fished for the door handle, drawing his eyes away from the books and climbed out of the car, forcing what he hoped was a smile for Tony, before closing the door behind him. He watched Tony drive off, before staring down at the books again.
“Guess they gotta be pissed when the best weapons manufacturer stops making weapons,” Steve reasoned.
“Oh, then they must be your best friends, since you have so much in common,” Steve teased.
There was only one tiny flaw in their plan; the following day, Rhodey received last minute orders to take part in a training exercise which wouldn’t see him return home until late. Steve was loath to wait longer than he had to, a voice in the back of his head telling him that Stane was up to something and the longer they waited, the worse it would be. So Rhodey suggested bringing in Sharon. She was Stane’s assistant and could get Steve into the building at a time when Stane was out and wouldn’t return.
“It’s from the ones you sent me,” Steve explained quietly.
“What?” Steve asked.
“I’m not denying I’m an asshole sometimes,” Steve grinned. “But I still wanna help.”
“Higher than I’m comfortable with,” Bucky replied.
In lieu of a reply, Steve sent another selfie, this time of his face. He stared straight into the camera through his eyelashes, biting his lower lip and smiling. The expression was oh-so tempting, and part of Tony wanted to say
“I guess I am,” Steve realised.
“Good,” Bucky nodded. Then his face softened. “I’ll bring him back, Steve. I promise.”
“We’re good,” Tony replied. “Press attention’s a bit much at times. Don’t suppose you can do anything about that?”
“Well, I’m going to run a few more tests just to make sure you’re okay,” Natasha continued. “But I promise, I’m going to try and get you out of here as soon as possible.”
Tony handed over the bowl and spoon, before returning to collect his own bowl. As soon as Tony sat down, Steve wriggled his toes underneath Tony’s thighs.
“I thought I saw you,” Peggy announced as she strode into the kitchen in a flurry of flowing silk and jangling bangles. “But then I said to myself,
Tony turned, leaning back against his desk.
“You are,” Angie confirmed, plucking the eyeliner from his fingers with red-varnished nails. “Sit.”
“Bring it on,” Steve grinned.
“So let me get this straight,” Tony said. “They build a fake hotel, publicise it as though it’s real, invite all of us to the opening and blow it up. Then they take Steve. They had all six - okay, five, the Hulk doesn’t count - Avengers knocked out, and they take my high school teacher boyfriend. Why?”
Returning to the outbuilding, he fired up the generator. Then he found the fusebox hidden in the bathroom by the main door and turned on the switch in question. Before returning to the pool, Steve trekked through the house, checking there were no lights left on and suddenly visible thanks to the generator, potentially alerting anyone that something was going on in the house. The last thing he wanted was any unwelcome visitors.
“Hey, it’s me,” Tony’s voice said as soon as Steve picked up the intercom, and Steve smiled automatically.
He was sitting on the floor, watching Ellie glare up at the plush dragon that Steve was holding over her. He pulled the dragon down, grinning as Ellie’s frown fell away, her mouth opening in a little ‘o’, when the dragon’s wings began to flap and the music began to play.
“When I was a kid,” Tony began slowly, staring at the water. “I found this piece of tech in the water. It was dropped by, I don’t know, researchers or something.” There was a ghost of a smile on his face. “I spent hours taking it apart and trying to figure out how it worked.”
When Tony returned to the bedroom after getting ready for bed, Steve was slouching against the headboard, a book in hand.
Steve pushed the door to the side and stepped into the house, pulling it all but closed again behind him and letting a grin stretch across his face because he was here, in the Mermaid House at last. It was one of the places he’d scoured the internet for pictures of for years, along with Beelitz-Heilstatten in Germany and Pripyat in Ukraine.
Steve hummed. Privately he thought the world was better off without Howard Stark, and not just because of the way he’d treated Tony. Steve didn’t think the man who’d built some of the deadliest weapons in America’s history was any great loss.
“Didn’t we have that conversation about you not telling me when you get hurt?” Steve asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Well, Mr Batroc. It seems we have a problem then,” Alexander said, stripping off his gloves and tossing them into the trash. “If you don’t want to be treated by gay medical staff then I can’t help you. Nor can Dr. Danvers operate. Now, I can put in a call for another doctor but since you are refusing treatment from us and there are other patients waiting, it might take a while.”
“I mean, in fairness, Natasha did try to warn him,” Tony shrugged.
“So, just, order a pizza,” Tony continued, “And eat… one third. At least. Please?”
“Yeah, I kinda accidentally slept with my contacts in last night,” Steve grimaced, pushing up his glasses with his pinkie.
Hope nudged Scott with her elbow. When he turned, she nodded towards the ER doors; leaning past her and Clint, he spotted Steve standing in the doorway, his eyes glued to the Medevac. Scott shared a significant look with Hope and Clint.
“Alright. Next time.”
Tony picked up the gift, turning it over in his hands. He made a pantomime of shaking it by his ear - gently though, so as not to damage whatever was inside - before sliding his thumb under the edge of the paper and tearing it. He pulled the box free and opened it up, holding it upside down until the contents slipped out onto his knee.
“No. But why?”
the voice that sounded suspiciously like Daniel repeated.
“But that address, that’s the Stark Mansion. It’s abandoned,” Steve pointed out. “Okay, but, Tony is not running that company. Trust me.”
“Shit, what happened to you?”
“Will you marry me?”
“Good news, Tony should be fine,” Bruce replied. “I mean, a lot of this is guesswork and my brain is kinda exploding but, uh, yeah.”
“So who are you staying with?”
“Are you sure?” Tony smirked, tossing an apple in the air and catching it expertly. “It feels like I’m helping.”
“Not really,” he laughed.
“And I heard you got sent home early as a disciplinary measure,” Hank Pym said, strolling down the corridor towards him, hands in his pockets. Tony’s heart skipped a beat but he kept his face impassive. He knew all about Pym and Howard’s dislike of each other. Pym studied him. “We both dislike your father,” he said.
Tony leaned down, bushing their lips together, before kissing him properly. Steve fisted his hand in the front of Tony’s costume, just in case he was considering going anywhere. Nipping at Steve’s lips, Tony ran his tongue along the seam, until Steve parted his lips willingly. Maybe it was the alcohol, or maybe it was just Tony, but Steve felt giddy and lightheaded.
Steve loved Tony’s penthouse. It was big and flashy and expensive and everything he should hate, but he loved it. He loved the sweeping windows which overlooked Hell’s Kitchen and the Hudson, looking all the way to New Jersey. As a New Yorker, Steve would never say New Jersey looked beautiful, because he had standards, but from up here, it almost fooled him.
“You heard him, Officer,” Dr. Pym said. “You’ll have to wait outside. She’s still unconscious,” she added when he looked like he might protest. “When she wakes up, we’ll let you know.”
“Good evening, Dr. Pym,” Romanoff replied without looking up from her paperwork. “How can I help you?”
“He loved her.”
Dr. Stark nodded. “I’ve been there. Some days I’m still there. And if you’re lucky enough that they stick around through all the tough stuff? Then you get to enjoy the good stuff.”
The kiss was nothing more than a brush of the lips and yet it was enough to make Steve feel weak at the knees.
“Guess I was too busy yelling,” Steve sighed. “How did you find the perfect moment to tell Peggy you loved her?”
“Know what? You’re right,” Tony retorted, running out of patience for whatever was going on in Clint’s head. Coulson was obviously talking out of his ass when he said that Clint wanted his help. “Cut them all. What on earth could untangle this disaster?”
He swallowed.
“I threw up.”
“So, uh, what’s going on with you and Tony?” Bucky asked.
“Absolutely not,” Steve replied. “I don’t have that kind of money.”
“A rich doctor like you? What do you have to worry about?”
“Right,” Bruce nodded. His face flushed when Frigga’s eyes wandered over him, blatantly checking him out in front of everyone including her son. “Uh, after you ma’am.”
“No, that’s not- I never asked for this,” Tony hissed. “Any of it. I never asked to be taken away, or for my family to abandon me. To be made human. To be hurt or abandoned. I never wanted this.”
“That you never know when to be quiet,” Tony giggled, hiding his face in Steve’s neck to muffle the noise, squirming as Steve poked him in the side.
“Yeah...” Steve frowned.
“Well, duh. Except for me, because I’m fabulous.”
Movement in the water finally drew Steve’s eyes away from the maybe-gills, and they widened when he realised he wasn’t looking at the man’s legs or feet. Because he didn’t have legs or feet.
Steve glanced up at the sea of tiny freshmen - oh God, in a few months they would be sophomores - faces staring at him with wide, innocent eyes. Except they all looked too innocent for any good.
“Fuck you, Steve.”
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve said, surprised to discover that he meant it.
“Okay, that’s unusual,” he agreed.
“Nothing,” Tony replied hoarsely.
“I think Barton needs a bandaid.”
“What if it does?”
“We’re setting a good example for you, our underlings,” Tony replied.
After a moment of terror at the thought of taking care of Steve, Tony forced himself to calm down and reminded himself that he’d successfully nursed himself back to health multiple times, including from food poisoning, measles, and palladium poisoning.
“They got a name for him?” Tony asked.
, but it was sold out. The only other movie with tickets at that time was
“Alright. On the tab?”
“What’ve you, uh, got there?” she frowned, tilting her head.
“Coward.”
Tony stared at him.
“We’ll have to be quiet,” Steve reminded him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I love you too,” Tony replied.
“That’s cool,” Steve murmured, taking a picture of the tiles surrounding the bath, mosaics depicting mermaids perched on rocks as the waves rolled onto the beach. The whole room was painted in blue, with seashells sitting on the window ledge.
“Easy, Tony,” Bucky snapped, aborting his attempts to get to his feet. “You were thrown halfway across the room.”
“I wish you were here,” he whispered. “I miss you so much. And I’m so angry that you’re gone. That you left me. You left me with nothing. I miss you so much.”
“Don’t forget, Steve. I know a lot of people. Important people. People on boards and committees. The kinds of people who can revoke medical licenses.”
Sitting cross-legged on the floor, Steve opened the pump up to check off the first item on Tony’s list: clearing dirt and debris from the vents, skimmer and pump baskets. Which turned out to be a really disgusting job. Steve was grateful for his mask because he really didn’t want to think too much about what he was cleaning out of the pump or how long it had been in there. When he was done, he retrieved his antibac hand gel and scrubbed his hands for over five minutes, grimacing whenever he thought too long on the gunk he’d pulled out of there.
Barton sighed. “My battery died. So I stopped, to replace it. And while I was replacing it, he-” he jabbed his finger towards Thor, “-nailed me in the face and knocked me on my ass!”
Tony shook his head in an attempt to appear unaffected, as though he didn’t have the urge to throw Steve on the bed whenever he brought out the military talk. Steve just grinned like the bastard he was, knowing exactly what he was doing to Tony, before heading to the bathroom
“Did you know uncle Steve can juggle?” Evie Rose announces as they sat down.
“To… give some advice I guess. If I can in a way that doesn’t make me sound like a pretentious douche.”
“Tony, I think I can handle chopping an onion,” Steve laughed. “I’m good.”
Tony fell silent, spinning his spoon through his soup. Steve watched him silently; there was something Tony wanted to say, that much was obvious, but he wasn’t ready to say it. Steve could wait.
“Good,” he replied, or at least he meant to, before drifting off surrounded by Tony.
“Steve,” he said slowly, “What are you doing?”
“Oh.”
Tony wanted to object, wanted to tell Bucky to fuck that because he needed to know where Steve was and if he was okay, but he swallowed his pride and nodded.
“Bye,” Tony replied.
“Uhh, yeah.” He stood up. Lucky pressed himself into Steve’s leg. “You know him?”
“You’re such an asshole,” Angie called over her shoulder as she walked away.
They shifted to the coffee table, Sharon and Rhodey claiming the couch while Steve made himself a seat from a pile of cushions before digging in. It was… nice. Good. Kind of awkward, but Steve knew that was his fault. He’d rejected all the entreaties made by both of them for a year, and it had left this wedge between them. If he was going to try and befriend them, he would have to work on removing that wedge, and Steve wasn’t under any illusions it would just disappear thanks to one meal.
“See you soon,” Sharon echoed.
“You sure?”
“Don’t you dare,” Daniel replied. “She’s my one line of defence against my wife.”
It continued to bug him through the journey back to his apartment.
“Yeah, maybe,” Tony snapped. “Or maybe we’re going to take down your Stormtroopers using that control panel over there then take down you and your men, one by one, and then I’m going to make you watch as I take down your organisation until there’s nothing left.”
Steve put his book down in his lap, twisting to look up at Tony, a confused frown on his face. “Why isn’t he an Avenger then?”
He caught it in his mouth.
“Yeah. You’re right.” God, he loved Tony. And how Tony seemed to instinctively know what Steve needed without asking or making a fuss about it. Because the only thing he would’ve hated more than the paparazzi attention in the early days of their relationship was feeling like Tony was coddling him.
Instantly Tony appeared in Steve’s mind but he quickly pushed him away because that wasn’t what Arnie meant.
“He should be able to afford decent lawyers,” Steve muttered. “He has all my money.”
Tony ran his thumb over Steve’s knuckles absently, using him as an anchor so he didn’t fawn over every single cat in the room as they continued their way along the row.
“It just seems strange to me,” Hogarth mused, her heels clicking loudly in the anticipation-filled silence as she crossed the courtroom, the audience following her every move. “The blast knocked out five Avengers - all of whom are valuable targets - and yet they were ignored in favour of a high school teacher from Brooklyn.”
, Steve thought.
“Okay,” the paramedic nodded.
“Fuck, I love you,” Tony breathed.
Steve watched Tony climb into the car, the engine roaring into life, and waved as Tony drove away, before making his way home, grinning like a loon for the entire walk back.
“Hey, should I be jealous?” Foggy frowned.
Angie twisted her mouth to the side, considering. “I think I’m just going to be a pain in the ass,” she decided with a grin.
Yeah, he was screwed.
“My drawer, half a bottle left,” Steve replied, pushing his own boxers away.
“Fuck you,” he hissed, mentally running over his bank account, calculating if he had enough to cover his father’s demand. “You fucking bastard.”
Steve hummed.
“You too, Clint. See around,” she smiled and turned towards the door.
Eventually Tony pulled back, reluctance written all over his face.
“Why?”
“Cool with what?” Hope echoed.
“Did you ask Natasha?”
“You have got to get better hobbies,” Tony shook his head.
Stane marched towards him, crossing the room quickly with long strides. Steve gritted his teeth, fighting the urge that told him to
Definitely not a catfish situation then.
“No dice, kid,” Tony grinned, tweaking her nose.
“Liar,” Natasha whispered.
“No,” Tony replied in bemusement.
“Really?”
“What happened with your dad?” Johnny asked, hissing when Dr. Stark cleaned the graze on his arm with antiseptic fluid.
He eyed the tables around the lab critically, before choosing one in the corner overlooking the communal area below. Quickly clearing it of the junk he and Bruce had abandoned there, Tony beckoned Ari over.
Steve’s heart pounded in his chest, so loudly he wondered if Tony would hear it.
Jessica let out a wet sob, leaning into Matt’s side. He rubbed her arm and squeezed her tight. Bruce smiled.
Something nudged his shoulder and Tony jerked backwards, his eyes wide in fear until they fell on DUM-E, who chirped nervously.
“I’m trying to look out for this school and its students,” Edwards insisted.
Tony stepped into the apartment, ready for assassins, AIM agents, or Dreadnoughts and found…
“Alright, honey,” Tony murmured, leaning forward to kiss him.
“See that? That’s my problem. You are deliberately putting yourself in danger.”
“Zoey!” Peggy called from upstairs.
“Okay. Thank you,” Pepper replied. “I should go, I have a, uh, a meeting in an hour. I need to prepare, and-“
“I won’t be long,” Steve promised but Tony shook his head.
“Fucking Yankees,” Steve and Bucky chorused.
“If by interesting, you mean awesome. For me,” Steve agreed. “Full disclosure, if it happens, I’m definitely recording it.”
And, eventually, he found it.
“So, no paternal leanings there, Barton?” Tony teased.
beat me.”
“Bucky and Tony turned up and, I guess, I may have been losing until Bucky got rid of the guy,” Steve admitted grudgingly. “Tony took me back to the Tower to clean me up and… we fought.”
Alexander hummed, taking a sip of coffee and grimacing.
Why had he thought it was a bad idea to include Tony in this? Clearly it was an excellent idea and Steve should’ve involved him sooner.
“Sure thing, Harry,” Steve murmured. He glanced around the room at the other staff members resolutely trying to pretend that they weren’t listening in. “Right,” he sighed.
“I have something for you, bubeleh,” Arnie told Ellie, pulling a small box from his pocket and handing it to her. “Happy birthday, darling.”
“San Antonio General.” Tony picked up a cup of water, holding the straw steady for him. “You have a chest infection and you’re dehydrated but unfortunately, you’re going to be fine.”
“Ahem.”
, before letting himself in without waiting for an answer. Steve glanced around the small, kinda shabby office, gripping the strap of his satchel as the nerves returned with a vengeance.
“Just a bad dream,” Tony shook his head, twisting his hands together. He forced a laugh and knocked on his forehead. “There’s a screw loose in there somewhere.”
Eventually, Steve couldn’t ignore it any more.
Steve ducked his head guiltily. He didn’t want to see the judgement in Tony’s eyes. After all, Tony had no choice but to starve, and here was Steve, forgetting to eat because he had that luxury. The knowledge that when he decided to eat, there would be food there. God, no wonder Tony hated him.
“I almost called my sponsor today,” Tony admitted.
“Don’t blame me. Take it up with the bump,” Sharon retorted.
“I don’t think I’m going to fall asleep again, after that,” Tony huffed.
“I’m sorry to see you go.”
Steve did as ordered, perching on the corner of her unmade bed and tilting his head back to give her better access.
“When we were, I think nine, this boy - different boy - told us boys and girls couldn’t be friends, and Peggy bit him.”
“Yeah, well, good luck,” Clint declared, clapping him on the shoulder. “The whole family’s a bunch of hypochondriacs. Her son, Loki, over there made my life a living hell one night because he was sure he had appendicitis. There was just one problem: he had his appendix out when he was five.”
Bucky, Natasha and Thor bid them good night, then Steve and Tony wandered out to the elevator. JARVIS, bless him, had the elevator waiting as usual.
When Steve woke, he quickly became aware of two things. First, that he was awake before his alarm for the first time in maybe ever.
Tony sighed and grabbed his jacket. “Hey, wait up,” he called.
“All those fights. All those bullies. Who hate you just because you have nothing. Who mock you because you don’t have the latest clothes or the latest gadgets. Who live to make you feel inferior. You know what that’s like. I know what that’s like. Do you think Tony Stark knows what that feels like? When he has everything handed to him?”
Steve chuckled and set off towards the staff parking lot. As he crossed the lot to his bike, the hair on the back of his neck stood up and he felt like someone was watching him again. He glanced around, but couldn’t see anyone.
“I don’t know him as well as you do,” Steve admitted, “But he didn’t seem like Clint. He’s not the guy who took you to Chuck-E-Cheese on your birthday.”
Maybe saving Tony would get rid of the crushing guilt he felt for-
Lucky barked mournfully and looked around in distress.
“I was taught by Jarvis and Ana,” Tony explained. “Our butler and his wife. He was English and she was Hungarian, so I learned a lot of different recipes. They, uh, they practically raised me. When you’re better, I’ll make you Ana’s goulash. Nothing compares to it.”
“You know about art?”
have experience in taking care of himself. Mostly because for most of his life, he was the only one around to do so. When he was a child, there was Ana and Jarvis, and his mother when he was really sick. At college, Rhodey was there to check in on him when he was ill, to make sure he didn’t pass out and choke on his own vomit, with lots of grumbling which made him sound like a grizzly bear. Then there was Pepper, who bullied him back to health when necessary.
“You’re a good man, Clint Barton,” she murmured.
Because he could.
“I didn’t say anything,” Steve smirked, stealing another toe-curling kiss.
Steve hummed, pretending to think about it.
“Do you think you’re up to eating anything?”
“I know why I care about her dating Dodgy Darren, but why do you care?”
“Fifteen would work,” Joseph shrugged. “At a push I could manage with thirteen.”
“That a yes then,” Hogan murmured, squeezing Pepper’s hand.
“We need more like you, Bruce,” Dr. Romanoff said, studying him with calculating eyes. “I won’t lie to you: ER is hard. We have two options: up or out. Up for the patients who need to be admitted. Out for the ones which don’t need to be here. Demand always outweighs availability. The truth is we don’t have the time or the resources to spend this long on every patient. One in ten patients discharged from the ER return with the same symptoms. We’re fighting a losing battle most nights, caught between what we can do and what we wish we could do.”
, he reminded himself. But still.
“No, I just had the idea a few weeks ago.”
“Barton fell over his shoelaces,” Natasha replied. “We’re fine.”
Tony’s lips twitched. He leaned over, plastering himself to Steve’s chest and kissed the corner of his mouth.
“Sorry,” Steve smiled.
Steve swallowed. He looked so tense, Tony feared he was going to snap. Reaching out, he ran his fingers through Steve’s hair, drawing Steve’s attention. Steve watched him warily out of the corner of his eye.
“And you?” Natasha asked Charles, who looked tired and worn.
“Come in,” Steve replied.
“We found the main office,” Natasha announced in lieu of greeting. “The files are all encoded.”
“Take as long as you need.”
“She’s still in the SUV,” Maria nodded. “We didn’t want to move her, that’s why we called you. The doors are jammed, you gotta go in through the sunroof.”
“You locked yourself out?” Fury smirked.
The toy was a gift from Tony, like so many of Ellie’s things. From the moment he saw her, Tony had offered her his world without hesitation and Steve wanted to believe it meant something, he did, but-
“Kidnapped. With Clint. Location unknown.”
“Nearly,” Steve snapped. “Nearly indestructible. That’s not completely indestructible.”
“It is. We don’t get to do it too often these days, and I miss it,” Tony shrugged. “Your turn.”
“Hey you,” he greeted, swinging her up onto his hip and tweaking her nose. “At least somebody’s happy to see me.”
“Beer. Thanks.”
“Shut up,” Steve retorted but he was smiling too.
God, he hoped Clint just had a concussion, although Tony doubted it. He was pretty sure that, apart from the teeth, personally he had a broken rib or two. Or bruised ones. Either way, they hurt like a bitch. There was a cut on his eyebrow and from the red dripping into the edge of his vision, Tony guessed it was bleeding again. Everything ached and he was one hundred percent done with it all.
“Okay,” Tony nodded, but he didn’t look reassured so Steve tried to hurry as much as he could, jogging down the garden and taking the trail down to his car as quickly as he could without turning an ankle on a rock.
Steve took the thermometer wordlessly, sticking it under his arm and hunkering down again. Tony stroked his hair while they waited for the thermometer to cheep, wishing there was something he could do.
“Yeah. You sound happier.”
Their apartment was tiny, so it took seconds to cross the bedroom, the back of Steve’s calves bumping into the wooden bedframe. Reluctantly, he pulled away from kissing Tony and lay down. Before he could push himself further onto the bed, Tony’s hands snatched out with lightning speed - and
Steve stared at the phone, feeling like it was daring him to pick it up, his heartbeat thumping in his ears. Taking a deep breath, he unlocked his phone and scrolled through the contacts until he found Tony’s name. He hit call before he could think about it and change his mind, and pressed the phone to his ear.
“Thanks,” Tony smiled, tugging on Steve’s hand. Steve shifted onto the bed, wrapping his arm around Tony’s shoulders. They leaned into each other and Steve carefully kissed his way across Tony’s forehead.
“Huh?”
Steve trembled. His traitorous heart jumped, beating expectantly, but Steve told himself that it didn’t mean anything. Tony didn’t,
“Please tell me you have some kind of trick up your sleeve,” Clint murmured.
“Then why are you home and not banging Dorito boy?”
“Sounds great.”
Steve nodded and hummed, turning on the kettle and throwing a tea bag into his mug.
“I do not want to meet that person,” Tony frowned, looking Steve up and down.
“And then I would’ve said that what you did was impressive,” Steve continued, remembering their first meeting when they went for coffee in Brooklyn. “And you still would’ve thought I meant Iron Man and I’d have to correct you. Then I would’ve bought you a drink.”
The lab was exactly how he left it at four am. DUM-E and U cheeped happily; Tony crossed to pat them both, a silent apology for making his bots worry.
“My mom.”
“No,” Steve replied. “The gym.”
“Affectionately,” Tony snapped. “If you didn’t steal from him, then why is he saying you did?”
Tony was a whole other kettle of fish.
“Good. I hate it,” Rhodey grinned. “Let me call Sharon. And don’t steal all the prawn crackers, Rogers!”
Steve frowned.
The elevator doors closed behind her, leaving Steve and Bucky standing in silence.
That shut Rogers up.
“Why do you even care?”
“Well, I hope you have a good time,” Tony said, breaking Steve’s reverie.
“It’s your choice,” she continued. “We can attempt the operation if that’s what you want, but the chances of you surviving are slim. If you decide against the surgery, there are options we can discuss to make you comfortable, so you can enjoy the time you have left. I’ll give you some time to consider your options. If you want any more information, just press the call button and ask a nurse to fetch me.”
“To tell Arnie about his daughter.”
“Ha ha, very funny,” Steve replied, tilting his head back to receive Tony’s kiss.
“Not even close.”
“Alright, good. I’d hate to kill you with a cat.”
Steve watched the town car pull away before climbing onto his bike.
Clint chuckled to himself as Bruce and Frigga Borson disappeared into an exam room and wandered back towards the nurses’ station. He spotted Steve sitting at one of the computers and strolled over, past Nat who was glaring at her paperwork like it had personally offended her, leaning against the counter next to him.
“You look like you’re about to do something stupid,” Rhodey frowned.
Steve chuckled and leaned down, pressing a kiss to her belly and breathing in her scent, a perfect blend of Arnie’s scent and his own.
“Your priorities are weird,” Tony informed him.
“Seriously,” Tony continued, catching Steve’s blazer by the button and letting his eyes roam over Steve’s body, leaving trails of heat in their wake. “You are stunning. My God, look at your eyes. They are so blue,” Tony murmured, running his thumb over Steve’s cheekbones.
“Shh, you.” Tony pushed a hand into Steve’s face. “No spilling my deepest, darkest secrets to these idiots. Thor, you have a story for every occasion. Come on, spill. Make Clint feel better about himself.”
“Yeah, but I’m going to say Peter probably wants you there as much as you want to be with him.” Pushing his hands into his pockets, Dr. Stark smiled privately. “I know a little something about that.”
thing. Because God knows I’m going to need someone to talk to about all this.”
“You know,” Tony continued. “Evie Rose is a big factor in why I fell for you so quickly. Seeing you with her on our first date? That was, uh, that was very attractive. You’re great with kids.”
“Hey, turn that garbage off!”
“J, you hear that?” he whispered.
“Fucking Yankees,” he muttered.
“Just dropped by to tell you that you are all officially on leave until January 2nd unless-”
Tony bit his lips, trying to hold back his laughter. Steve sighed.
“Bunch of guys in tracksuits took Clint and Tony? Yeah,” Bucky nodded. “I know.”
“Thanks. Darth Vader?”
Once the sounds of the students in the hall faded, Steve began gathering up everything he would need over the summer, shovelling it all into his backpack to sort out at a later date with the gifts he’d relieved from a couple of students. He powered down his computer, then swept his eyes over the classroom one last time. Satisfied that he had everything, he left the room, swinging his backpack onto his shoulder.
He paused.
The winter before Afghanistan, Tony had the flu. Pepper was at her parents’ for Christmas, Rhodey was deployed, and Happy was suffering from the flu himself.
“Ready to get out of here?”
“I’m going to have the surgery,” Hogan announced. “I know the odds, but I want to try.” He took Pepper’s hand. “Call me selfish, but I want as much time as possible. Some things are worth taking a chance on. I wasted so much time being too scared to do something, I’m tired of being scared.”
“You worry about being quiet,” Tony said. “Let me take care of everything else. Besides, I’m pretty sure you have more problems with that than me?”
He unlocked his phone, scrolling through the contacts until he found Steve’s number. He wanted to talk to Steve. No, he needed to talk to Steve. He needed to hear his voice and know he was okay, because what if he wasn’t? What if something happened to him? Tony didn’t think he could survive anything happening to-
But the pièce de résistance was the email chain Steve was currently scrolling through. A very detailed, very incriminating conversation between Stane and a psychologist he was clearly blackmailing into signing Tony off as unfit to run his own company - a company Tony didn’t even realise he owned - so that Stane could take control and publicly blacken Tony’s name forever.
“Yeah,” Steve grinned. “Ellie. Sweetheart. This is your dad.” He glanced at Arnie. “Do you want to hold her?”
Tony quickly locked his phone, intending to pocket it again, but he forgot he was sharing a table with Captain America. Bucky swiped his phone and unlocked it.
“Yeah, you’re not getting rid of me that easily,” Steve teased.
. I decided I didn’t want that kind of life. So she marched down to the school, and told all my teachers on no uncertain terms were they to keep pushing me into a STEM school. She was this five foot nothing Irish woman you did
“Oh yeah, I guess so.”
“Yes!”
Once he was satisfied the wound was clean, he began dressing it properly. Testing carefully, he still couldn’t put his full weight on it and probably wouldn’t be able to for a couple of days as the skin knitted itself back together. With a shaky breath, Steve stood up, clearing away the first aid kit and hobbled through to the kitchen.
Ellie snuggled into his chest, her little face buried in his neck to scent him, and apparently that was all he needed.
“Is that what sex is supposed to feel like?” Steve joked, only it wasn’t really a joke at all. “Because if it is, I think I’ve been doing it wrong until now.”
“Four-thirty,” Steve replied, his voice a quiet rumble in the warmth of their bedroom, before pressing another kiss to Tony’s spine.
Steve winced as he saw Tony fall in LA fighting the Dreadnoughts. The fact he’d seen it before didn’t make it any easier to watch.
Evie Rose pulled herself up straight, before falling back again.
Tony glanced up and sighed again.
“Okay,” Steve smiled. “I love you.”
Bruce eyed Clint suspiciously. “This isn’t one of those old people with STDs things again, is it?”
“Well, now we know what all those parts were for,” Tony said grimly.
“It’s not the worst ass in the world,” she smirked. “Even if I would appreciate it more if it was on a woman.”
Tony pushed him backwards, Steve’s hand in his shirt ensuring Tony came too, until he was lying across the couch. Tony used his position to his full advantage, taking control of the kiss, something Steve was only too happy to concede. Sliding one hand up into Steve’s hair, Tony tugged on it gently, smiling into the kiss when Steve groaned.
“Yes. And aren’t you glad I did?”
room. He would remember, because he’d never looked down upon the garden from that angle, never seen the mermaid fountain beside him from above. Steve hurried round the house; that was the library, both levels, and there was a second level over the hallway too. He returned to the back of the house, looking up the entire time.
“Deal.”
Tony shot Bucky a warning look, but it seemed he still had some sense and didn’t say anymore. Like about how Bucky had literally picked Tony off the floor in the weeks after his break up with Pepper and basically put him back together again. Captain America or not, if Bucky started talking about that, Tony would punch him in the face.
“Looking for them.”
“Did they win?”
“Yes. Tomorrow. When I pick up your antibiotics,” Steve replied. “Why do you care?”
“Not even a little bit,” Steve whispered.
“They?” Tony looked round sharply. “Clint, what exactly are we dealing with here?”
“Dude. You need to get laid,” Foggy exclaimed.
Steve and Stark; who would’ve guessed?
“The bomb was big, but strategically placed so it would bring down the building without killing everyone inside. Which means they wanted something or someone in here. Nat’s giving Bruce a lullaby - the Hulk objected to being blown up - and Clint’s gone investigating. He’s fine; I swear he’s part cockroach and’ll outlive us all.”
“The North Star, right?”
“I have the Hulk,” Bruce sighed.
There were two spiral staircases in the room, one going down, probably to a basement of some sort, and one going up. Steve decided to head up. He grinned as he passed the bar with its golden taps, before reaching out and letting his hand trail over the bannister of the red painted staircase. Tipping his head back, he spotted two stained glass windows, one on the wall and one on the roof. Both features designs of mermaids, of course, and the California sun spilled through, bathing the floor in bright blues and yellows.
“Had some issues with his father,” Tony continued. “Joseph Rogers, you might want to keep an eye on him. And by might, I mean you should definitely keep an eye on him because I do not trust that bastard. We signed a contract, unofficial restraining order, but I don’t trust him to stick by it.”
“No, I’m fine.”
Shoving the pencil behind his ear, Steve removed his pick from between his teeth and replayed what he had.
Steve picked up his phone, scrolling through the contacts for what felt like forever.
Hogan reached into his pocket and held something out; Natasha glanced up and did a double take when she saw a beautiful diamond ring.
“Your manners are atrocious,” Tony sniffed.
“How’s it going?” Dr. Romanoff asked, sticking her head into the room. Bruce glowered at her and Dr. Romanoff chuckled. “That good, huh?”
Before he could try to figure out what that meant, a window shattered and something large and green fell into the room.
Tony pulled a face. “A meeting? Like, coffee?”
Clint curled his arm protectively around the coffee pot and glared. “Mine.”
“Fine,” she said. “I will make your excuses.”
“About how… public your relationship is?”
He shouldered her diaper bag then lifted Ellie up onto his hip, smiling as she buried her face in his neck, scenting him as she woke up slowly.
“The old lady,” Clint replied, nodding to an elderly woman in a golden gown who was dancing to music only she could hear in the middle of the waiting room.
“You’re a lawyer,” Steve objected. “You gotta have met less angelic people than me!”
With that, she turned on her heel and walked away.
“Are you hurt?” Sharon asked Johnny, scanning him for any obvious injuries.
“Morning,” he mumbled, sliding up behind Tony and kissing his neck.
“That’s racist and stereotypical propaganda,” Evie Rose sniffed, adjusting her ginger ears.
“Is there a burn mark on the bottom left corner of the case?”
“That sounds great,” Tony smiled.
“Good afternoon, everyone,” a voice boomed and Steve winced. The owner of the voice, a balding man with a greying beard, stood on a podium which elevated him above the crowd.
She took a deep breath then ground out, “I… need your advice. How long were you and Steve together before you proposed?”
“What?”
“Yeah. Lucky for you.”
“If you ask Hope to have breakfast with me and she says yes, then I will do your tattoo removal.”
“Fuck you, Stark!” Bucky yelled back.
Sharon slipped out of the room to give them some privacy. Coming out was hard enough, without a stranger standing in the room. She crossed to the nurses’ station where she could keep an eye on them unobtrusively but there turned out to be no need. Peter hadn’t even stopped talking before May was pulling him into a hug, mindful of his cast, dragging Johnny in too.
Did omegas let alphas they weren’t bonded to scent them if they were upset? Or was that another thing that was technically acceptable but there was a lot of judgement surrounding it?
Instead of going straight up to the mansion, Steve realised he was hungry and craving pancakes, so he headed to the diner down the street and bought a stack of pancakes drowned in syrup to go. He tore pieces off as he drove up to Hollywood Hills, which resulted in sticky fingerprints all over the wheel. Downing the last of his tea after he parked, Steve grabbed his backpack and climbed out of the car.
“Forty four,” Bucky supplied. “I have access to all your files,” he shrugged.
“Hey Ivan.”
Steve sagged.
Then he climbed into the car and drove away.
“Hey,” Tony murmured, leaning down to kiss him.
“I love you so much,” Tony whispered, their lips brushing as he spoke.
“Bless you.”
“No comment,” Steve repeated through gritted teeth, biting back his initial response of
“Actually, it’s an invite to my parents’ anniversary party,” Natasha replied, pocketing her phone. She held open the locker room door. “It’s on the twenty-third. Are you busy?”
But a shadow flickered over Tony’s eyes and instead of the usual barbed comeback or joke about the thinner air affecting Steve’s brains, he just nodded.
Steve shrugged. “He was right; it blew up. Tony and I were thrown into the water where the rest of the Avengers rescued us.”
Bucky fixed him with a look.
“Would this time be after-”
Tony nodded, licking his lower lip slowly, and Steve couldn’t help stealing another kiss before turning back towards the VIP area. He felt something tug on the back of his jeans; a glance over his shoulder confirmed that Tony’s fingers were wrapped around his belt loop. Tony smirked at him.
As soon as the elevator doors opened, the scent of food hit Tony’s nostrils and made his stomach grumble. The chatter of voices bounced off of the wall and Tony tugged Steve out of the elevator and down the hall.
Making the decision to have the surgery was brave. It was a risk but if it paid off then Hogan would be able to spend the rest of his life with the woman he loved.
“It’s okay,” Steve replied distantly, picking up the bent faceplate, the damage the result of a punch from a Dreadnought which did not approve of Tony’s attempts to keep it away from his things. Steve looked at the faceplate, before handing it to DUM-E, who scurried after U, beeping madly.
“Where the hell are my keys?” he muttered. “Keys, keys, where are my keys?”
“What? Stark gets to get laid while we do all the work?” Clint complained. “No fair.”
“How’s Fury?” Steve asked eventually.
“Damn,” Bucky sighed. “I swear, moving them outta Brooklyn was wrong. But moving ‘em to LA was a goddamn crime. I mean, goddammit,
His heart sank, and the feeling of failure he’d been fighting off came crashing in. Maybe he was just looking for something that didn’t exist, some new mystery to solve since he’d failed so spectacularly elsewhere.
Steve gaped at him, frozen on the spot as Tony sauntered off of the dance floor.
Natasha took over creative control, positioning Steve in front of the windows overlooking Brooklyn with Ellie looking over his shoulder so her face was hidden. Then she leaned the shield against a chair between Steve and Tony’s camera and gave Tony strict instructions to focus on the shield, which provided a sharp contrast between the edge of the shield and the softness of Steve and Ellie in the background.
He could go back to the Tower, back to the Avengers, back to getting nowhere with the Maggia.
Steve knocked on the door and waited. He swiped the moisture from beneath his eyes as he waited, the lump in his throat still burning. He felt raw, split open from opening up to Tony like that.
Tony fixed him with a look. “Honey. Come on.”
Steve huffed, poking Tony in the side with his toes.
Tony nodded. “This is gonna hurt.”
“I punched him in the face,” Matt added, his lips twitching.
“Uh, yeah. I do,” Steve nodded.
It was a small glass square, roughly twenty centimetres on each side, and in the centre of the square sat a single sunflower bloom, forever preserved in the glass.
“You put a tracker in your boyfriend’s watch?” Clint raised an eyebrow.
“Then how did you survive?”
“Dr. Pierce.”
“I’m going to stay here,” Matt said, picking up an abandoned scarf and tying it around his head. “Help get the civilians out.”
“Yeah, I know,” Steve rasped, and he wrapped his legs around Tony’s waist.
“Forty seven minutes.”
Or he was, until Tony hooked his fingers into the neck of Barton’s t-shirt and yanked him backwards. Barton squawked, arms flailing, before falling into a chair more by luck than any real skill as far as Steve could tell.
“Yeah, like Wall Street,” Clint deadpanned. “You think I know anything about Wall Street?”
Bucky shot him a warning look. “Don’t.”
Bruce stopped. He turned slowly, raising his eyebrows. “You’re telling me,” he said slowly, “That not only can you prove the existence of mermaids, you can introduce me to one?”
“Thank you, Stark,” Fury said with uncharacteristic sincerity.
“Shut up!” Clint snapped, jumping to his feet. “Shut up about the show and shut up about my stuff. I know it’s a mess and it’s half taped together and it’s old and busted. But it’s mine. And you gotta make that work, right? You gotta make your own stuff work out.”
“Yeah, but so were you.”
“Thanks, Debbie,” Steve said, taking the flowers.
Hot on his heels came another goon. Clint flipped the cable around his neck and used his weight to pull him backwards, using him as a shield between Clint and the rest of the gang.
He was halfway through eating when Tony returned with Ellie.
“I knew there was something weird about you. So, do you have a name or should I just keep thinking of you as the douchebag?”
“They are when your nieces are in the room.”
“Nerding out with Rhodey in the workshop,” Tony explained. “Everyone forgets Rhodey’s an actual rocket scientist. It’s good to hang out, and build stuff, and pretend we’re still at MIT together.”
Unclipping Ellie from her car seat, Steve murmured, “What do you think? Should I do it?”
“That is not removing my pants,” Steve scolded, but his voice was high and breathy, and he squirmed beneath Tony’s mouth.
“Yeah, I guess.”
Tony squirmed. He’d never been good with emotions, except for ones involving Steve. And definitely not from his hard-as-nails sergeant.
“Steve, she’s a lawyer who makes a living destroying rich assholes, and he’s a cop. Yes, I was terrified. But it turned out to be for nothing, it all went great, Peggy didn’t even give me a shovel talk although I am still slightly on alert whenever the two of us are alone in the same room.”
“That’s nice,” Hank nodded, shooting Scott a suspicious look that he would worry about later, when his girlfriend wasn’t announcing that she had a date mere minutes after telling him that they didn’t have a date planned that he’d forgotten about. Unless they did have a date planned that he’d forgotten about and Hope was bluffing to see if he remembered?
“Of course,” Steve sighed. “Just say it.”
“Are we good here?” Marci asked.
“I won’t let him on the bike without one,” Johnny replied, earning a blushing smile from Peter. They were cute, Sharon thought to herself, the way they so obviously adored each other.
“You’re getting attached, aren’t you?” Steve smirked.
It was… a lot.
“Yeah,” Steve replied, lifting their hands and pressing a kiss into the centre of Tony’s palm. “I love it. I love how safe and protected I feel when you’re on top of me.”
“Tony-code?”
“Um, you?” Clint shot back. “That’s why I called?”
“What the hell happened? Where’s Steve?” Tony demanded, coming back to himself.
“Mer,” Tony repeated. “I’m a mer. Drop the man bit. Unlike humans, we don’t have the patriarchal need to have “man” in our species name.”
“I’ll dance with you!” Evie Rose announced, bouncing at Tony’s side.
“Not as well as you’d think,” Tony retorted. “I did break the perimeter without you noticing.”
And as a result, Tony missed Steve like he’d lost a limb.
“Bite me, Stark.”
“I changed my mind,” Steve smiled. “I thought you hated me.”
“Trauma one,” Natasha ordered. “Sharon, he’s all yours."
“Any recross?” the judge asked Walters.
“Fuck,” Tony gasped, pressing their foreheads together, when the need to breathe was almost overwhelming them both. “Steve. Honey. Fuck.”
There was a pause, then a familiar male voice chuckled, “Hello Steve.”
“No, you don’t,” Bucky grinned, leaning into Matt’s side.
Tony was a natural on the stand, but Steve could see that, by the end of his testimony, the mask was starting to slip. Tony didn’t sleep well again the night before, and Steve wished he could stand up and say
Sliding off of the stool, he said, “I’m going to raid your wine rack, want some?”
Tony’s face fell again. “I wanted to build things.”
Pressing a kiss into Steve’s hair, Tony whispered, “I love you,” before slipping out of bed and padding through to the bathroom.
“Okay, now I’m intrigued. What is this trump card?”
He worked Steve open until he had three fingers in him, and Steve’s back was covered in a fine sheen of sweat and he gasped and arched his back every time Tony thrust his fingers into his hole.
“We’re doing this,” Steve nodded, his eyes sparkling with the same excitement Tony felt.
Steve followed his gaze and spotted Angie hand in hand with a woman in a vampire outfit he instantly recognised as Steph from Daniel’s precinct. “It is,” he grinned. “Looks like she’s getting lucky after all.” He turned back to Tony. “Let’s stay and do shots. I love clubbing but not tonight. Next time.”
“We don’t know that,” Sharon replied quickly.
“You ever think what would’ve happened if we met in a club?” Tony asked.
“Thanks.”
Enjoy himself.
“With you? Definitely,” Tony nodded, nudging Steve’s chin up so he could capture his lips again. “If you want to.”
Clint left the CT department and sighed. Great. Now he had to find a way to get Gary a tattoo removal. Which meant heading to dermatology to talk to…
They picked up a soggy and bedraggled Nefaria from the sea before flying back to the power. When Thor hauled him onboard, Steve smirked and threw Nefaria a smug little wave from his position on Tony’s chest, before burying his face back in his boyfriend’s neck. Tony was drawing random - or perhaps, knowing Tony’s brain, not so random - patterns over Steve’s back with his middle finger. It was soothing, lulling him into a doze as they sped back towards the city.
“Was?”
Steve considered his options for a moment, before deciding on, “Never have I ever broken up with someone by text.”
“No,” Steve shook his head. “I mean, yes. I want to move in with you.”
“Look, Steve,” Rhodey called, jolting him out of his reverie. Twisting to look over the back of the couch, Steve found Rhodey hesitating in the apartment doorway, keys in hand. “Just… I don’t know. Take a walk or something? This can’t be good for you.”
His laughter was cut off by a faint scream. It wasn’t that usual to hear someone scream in the ER, considering some of the injuries they dealt with, but this wasn’t a scream of pain but of fear. It made Natasha’s skin crawl.
“And I’ll be there for you,” Tony promised. “I’ll hold your hand whenever you’re scared, Steve. About anything.”
“How much have you been thinking about it?”
“No, Your Honour.”
“Fine,” Steve ground out.
“Steve, can you check on that x-ray for Lorna Lehnsherr?” Romanoff called.
“Yeah.”
Clint pulled a face. Seriously?
Tony prodded his side. “Are you asleep?”
“Alright, I’m ready for my close up, Mr DeMille,” Tony joked, handing over his tablet.
“But it’s a key,” Steve clarified. “A key to your place.”
Steve shivered, feeling the rumble of Tony’s voice where their chests were pressed together, then gasped when Tony scraped his teeth down the column of his neck. Arousal pounded through Steve’s veins in time with the beat. Tony’s hands were everywhere and yet never lingered anywhere long enough for Steve’s liking, and his mouth was doing something criminally good to his neck, nipping and then soothing his abused skin with his tongue.
“Gross,” Tony grimaced, fishing a tissue from his pocket and handing it over. “Wipe your nose like a civilised person.”
“Thank Dr. Banner,” Dr. Romanoff told them. “He refused to give up.”
Steve closed the door behind them, turning at the squeal of, “Unka Seeve!” accompanied by the rumble of tiny feet on hardwood floor. He grinned, crouching to receive Hannah’s hug.
Steve didn’t want a vacation. Which was why he hadn’t taken any vacation days in the past year, because what did he need a vacation for? Sitting around the apartment in his boxers, watching shitty TV shows which couldn’t even hold his interest and eating junk food? Yeah, no thank you. That left too much time, time for thinking and dwelling on things he… really did not want to be dwelling on.
Taking Steve by the hips, Tony pushed him back and Steve felt the familiar thrill at the strength hidden below Tony’s deceptive physique. He loved how strong Tony was - especially when he put that strength to good use in the bedroom.
spelled out in colourful wooden letters on the door, but inside the roof was all but gone due to water damage. The floorboards creaked ominously when Steve cautiously put a foot into the room. He quickly withdrew, choosing instead to scan the room from the doorway. The water damage was so extensive there were even plants growing in the moisture-laden floorboards.
“How is that supposed to stop me from being embarrassed?”
Tony raised his eyebrows expectantly.
Angie huffed. “If this is another seminar on data protection, I’m not speaking to you for a week.”
“His name is on everything at work,” Rhodey shrugged. “Are you sure Stark isn’t involved? I don’t know, secretly?”
“Well, aren’t you a little ray of sunshine?”
Watching Lorna’s face light up with glee chased away the lingering discomfort from her argument with Sharon that morning, warming Natasha in a way only a handful of patients managed. Natasha leaned forward, examining Lorna’s arm carefully.
He was surprisingly okay with that idea.
“Come on,” the asshole - tall, broad-shouldered and suited, looking nothing like Josie’s usual clientele - shouted. “Who cares? I wanna see the game. Turn this shit off.”
“Great, thanks,” Steve nodded.
Gross.
“Thanks Bruce.”
“Oh no.”
“No problem.”
“You must have more than one friend though.”
“Hey you,” Steve said, the smile evident in his voice. “C’mon up.”
“You’re not getting rid of me that easily,” Arnie grinned.
“Two hours. We can do this in two hours,” he decided.
“Yeah.”
into the search bar then hit enter. He sucked in a breath: 861,435 results. Steve chewed on his thumbnail, pushing his glasses up his nose with his pinkie and began to scroll through the results.
“They should,” Rhodey said grimly. “If we could see the minutes from the shareholders’ meetings, we could see when Stark was last at one.”
“Nah. I’m good,” Tony groaned. “This is fun. Seriously. I am loving the Afghanistan flashbacks. Shit, my mouth hurts.”
“But you didn’t arrive together that night. Why not?”
The day was long and dragged, but with Tony helping pick the garbage from the deepest parts of the pool, it seemed a little less challenging. By the time Steve called it a day, they’d managed to remove most of the detritus from the water. It was an accomplishment, even if Steve struggled to feel anything other than bone-deep exhaustion.
“You close, honey?” he whispered, ducking his head to nuzzle Steve’s cheek.
Steve flipped her off.
“You’re a ferocious woman, Maria Hill,” he grinned. “I like you.”
“Maybe. The victim hasn’t decided if he wants to press charges yet.”
“Bare your heart to a guy and he makes fun of you,” Tony huffed, but Steve could see the mirth in his eyes. “See if I make you dinner now.”
“I have a business opportunity,” Joseph began.
“I’m trying my best!” Steve grumbled.
She definitely was. But Steve wasn’t about to inflate her ego by telling her that. He kept his face neutral, biting the inside of his cheeks to hide his grin when her expectant expression dropped into a scowl.
Tony scowled. “I’m not your friend.”
We don’t tell him about this,” she said, waving her finger between the two of them. “Because Clint is incapable of keeping a secret and if my dad finds out about us-”
“Thanks.”
His only reply was a snore from Rhodey.
“Tony bought me these books,” Steve explained slowly. “First Edition
“Steve.”
“How is she doing that in heels?” Bruce wondered.
“Hey, U, clear this up,” Tony called, pointing to the scraped and beaten pieces of armour he’d abandoned on the floor. “Sorry about the mess,” he told Steve.
“That’s a disgusting habit,” Steve informed him. “And as a doctor, you should know that.”
His mind was a jumble of
“Can I help you, sir?” a sales assistant asked.
“Yes, but I spend most of my time in here so you need a desk here too,” Tony nodded. “I work here so this is the place you need to be. Keep the other desk for all the stuff you want to ignore.”
“Yeah,” he whispered. “That works.”
“Tony,” Steve groaned.
“And, I need another drink,” he sighed, sliding out of the booth and walking away from his friends. Being the only single guy in the group was
Steve chuckled, part of him taking perverse pleasure from imagining the looks of shock on Joseph and his lawyers’ faces if Tony burst through the window in the Iron Man suit.
Hank Pym did not like being an administrator.
“And how old are you, young lady?” Tony asked as they dodged pedestrians.
Drumming his fingers against the body of his guitar, Steve tired out a few different variations for the missing line.
“Nah, I’m good,” Steve replied, jolting Tony out of his thoughts.
Bruce bristled at the casual and offensive description of his patient - and wow, that protectiveness appeared quickly - but before he could argue, Dr Pym asked, “Is she under arrest?”
“Yeah,” Steve nodded.
. I think she holds the record for the quickest first grade suspension in history. It was hilarious and brilliant, and as soon as she came back to school, we became best friends for life. There was a spit promise and everything; it was very gross.”
“Get up,” Steve decided. “Can you get me some clothes?”
They made their way downstairs to the elevator. Tony leaned against the back wall, tugging Steve close and sliding his arm around his waist. Steve went willingly, leaning against Tony and rubbing circles into his chest through his shirt.
“They came for my tech,” he explained. “I don’t know what they wanted but they wanted my tech. And they, uh, they had an EMP. My suit… They took out my suit. And… the reactor.”
Tony smiled back, and Steve realised with delighted surprise he actually felt connected to someone in a way he hadn’t in a very long time. More than five years, he thought ruefully.
Pepper huffed. “Happy is many things but sneaky is not one of them. I saw the ring in his sock drawer a month ago. When he suggested going out tonight, I knew. I knew he was going to do it tonight.” She bit her lip. “I was going to say yes.”
This whole situation was insane.
“I knocked him out and I escaped.”
“Should I be jealous?”
“Cap wanted to see it. Although, looking back, maybe he just wanted to get me out of the tower,” Tony realised.
“It’s all connected,” Bucky murmured.
“What cause could you have to pick handcuffs before that night?” Hogarth wondered.
They remained there until the sound of muffled voices and a key in the door announced Angie’s return. Reluctantly, Steve pulled back, falling to the side. His leg remained thrown over Tony’s thighs; Tony caught his ankle, holding it in place and rubbing small circles into Steve’s skin, just above the bone. It had everything to do with wanting to retain contact with Steve, and
He could feel Steve looking at him curiously, but Clint couldn’t stop staring at his ex-girlfriend, standing in the middle of his ER as though… as though they had had any kind of contact since she broke up with him.
“Of course, sir,” JARVIS replied.
Only Stark didn’t need any help.
“Because I’m looking.”
“Well, Steve, he is wearing a mask. Are you sure he was looking at you?”
“Hello to you too,” Joseph smirked.
“We need to get you a hobby,” Tony shook his head. “One that doesn’t involve antagonising mobsters from… What is that accent even supposed to be? Russian? It doesn’t sound like any Russian accent I’ve ever heard.”
“They’re wrong,” he insisted. “I’ll tell anyone who tries to pretend they’re right.”
“Just making sure I don’t lose you,” he called.
“Sue me,” he snapped. “I don’t like Starks. They never have to work for anything. And as a result, their skills are never up to standard.”
Tony grimaced. “Please don’t refer to my boyfriend as Dorito boy.”
“Really,” Rhodey deadpanned. “Because you haven’t mentioned him for, oh, sixty seconds.”
“Did you? Did it scare you?”
“Lost five two,” Steve shook his head.
“There have been some… concerns voiced,” she began.
“If you ever get tired of being an Avenger, you could have a new career in design,” Tony told her when they all crowded around the TV screen in the briefing room to see the photo. “Steve, ready to introduce her to the world?”
“Call me when you make up your mind.”
“Hello,” he murmured, sticking his finger through the cage for the cat to sniff.
Natasha nodded, scrolling through the medical history of - she glanced at the name - Wade Wilson. “Okay. And?”
“Wait, seriously?” he beamed.
“Well, duh,” she agreed. “Hey, guess what? Remember those cookies I got from one of my juniors at Christmas?”
Steve yawned, blinking blearily at the ceiling. For a moment, he allowed himself to just lie there and revel in the fact that he didn’t have to go into work for six whole weeks. Six beautiful weeks of no teenagers, no marking, and - best of all - no parents. With another yawn, Steve kicked his way free from the blanket burrito, retrieved his glasses from the floor, and jammed them onto his face before shuffling towards the living room.
“I killed people, Tony. Sometimes I don’t think I deserve to be an Avenger.”
“You’re going to the fish market,” Rhodey echoed slowly.
“Thanks for a great night,” Steve said. “Hey, I finish early on Tuesday and Thursdays. You wanna get coffee one afternoon?”
Tony hummed and held up a finger, making them all wait as he read slowly through the contract. Steve bit the inside of his cheeks, trying to stop himself from laughing. Between Tony’s whole act and Marci’s innocently serene expression, he just wanted to laugh.
“Oh, then that’s probably correct.”
“Yes. I am actually.”
“It’s not
“What are you smiling about?” Marci asked.
“Avengers, put your hands in the air and don’t move!”
“What happened?” Daniel asked, hopping up onto the bar stool. “And why did I have to come to Manhattan to talk to you about it?”
“Ouch,” Clint winced. “And how long was there between the break up and you two getting together?”
“Good,” Tony murmured.
“Thanks buddy. Start It Takes Two Protocol. Then make sure that the jet’s ready for them when they get back to the Tower, yeah? And uh, load it up with both Steve’s location and the AIS for the Guiletta. And tell Barnes he better get my boyfriend back.”
A soft cough drew his attention. Steve blinked, and found one of the cleaning staff watching him with understanding eyes. “Mr Rogers, don’t you have to get to class?” she said gently.
“I think so too,” Hogan smiled.
“Little,” Steve nodded. “Be better if I could shower.”
“Is there a problem here?” Alexander frowned.
“You used to be very appreciative when I stood up for you,” Alexander smirked and Steve’s blood ran cold. “I remember that time I stuck my neck out for you with the department head. I always did like you on your knees. I’m sure we could work out some kind of arrangement to show your gratitude.”
“Regretting every decision that led me to last night but yeah,” Steve yawned. “How long do I have?”
“Usually,” Steve shrugged. “But this time, I’m probably going to need help.”
Tony groaned. “Oh God, there’s two of them. Josie!” he called. “I’m gonna need another round over here!”
“I hate this,” Steve muttered.
Tony yawned, stretching his arms above his head and pointing his toes with an appreciative moan. Flopping onto the mattress, he let his head fall to the side and smiled when he spotted Steve snoring into his pillow, his hair sticking up in all directions.
“I hate humans,” Tony corrected.
“You can have anything you want,” he promised. “I will give you my first-born child. Thank you!”
“Pool cleaning supplies,” Rhodey replied.
The shaky footage was filled with smoke and fire and debris. It looked like something out of a B-rate action movie, only it was worse because it was real and Tony was somewhere in there. Fear gripped Steve as he silently begged for some sign that Tony was alright.
“What, are you in love with him or something?” Rhodey snorted.
“Tony. I love you, but you’re wrong,” Bucky replied. “You need something. Someone. You don’t do well on your own.”
“We’re running out of options, Steve. As much as I really want to take him down, I’m limited by the law. Which I really hate sometimes,” she added. “I’ll make an appointment at the family court, but you should really think about the press idea. If we control it, we can use it to our advantage.”
Then he sneezed.
“We have plans,” Steve added, because Tony’s boyfriend was a goddamn genius.
“She did. She looks like butter wouldn’t melt in her mouth, but that girl is vicious when challenged. Do not challenge her to a fight, you will lose. I’m willing to bet she could take down Bucky. Maybe even Thor. She’s badass.”
“You never asked me to be mer or human,” Tony continued. “You never tried to change me. You just wanted- Well, maybe not wanted, but. I mean-”
“Thirty five.”
“Yeah, pretty much,” Tony nodded with a smile. “I’m too mer to be human, but I’m too human to be mer. I don’t belong with either species.”
“Before you start getting embarrassed, I think it’s really adorable that you were jealous,” Tony murmured.
“Then how did you meet him?”
“You damn well better,” Steve retorted. He grabbed his phone from the pocket of his jeans, letting them fall back onto the floor, scrolling through his music selection and jamming it into the dock.
“Hi, Mr Nelson?” Steve smiled. Did his voice sound weird? Or had it always sounded like that? “Come on in.”“Thank you,” Foggy Nelson replied, shaking Steve’s hand. “Mr Rogers, I presume?”
“Don’t worry, you’re doing fine,” Dr. Pym assured him.
“There was no casino, was there?”
, Steve’s brain supplied, as he watched Tony drop to his knees, wires crackling with electricity wrapped around his suit.
Natasha nodded and turned back to the test results. But she couldn’t focus; her brain kept thinking about the Thing again, especially since Hogan showed her the engagement ring he’d bought for Pepper. She growled.
“Sounds pretty good,” Steve agreed.
And if an added bonus was burying his face into Steve’s neck on the subway, well, he’d had a rough night and cuddling with his boyfriend on public transit was his reward.
For a moment, there was silence, the only noise coming from their attempts to catch their breath. Then Tony mumbled, “Happy halloween,” and Steve began to giggle until they were both shaking from laughter.
Steve raised his eyebrows at his niece. She pressed a finger to her lips, silently shushing him, and he swallowed his laughter.
“Nia…” Fury closed his eyes. When he opened them again, he studied Michelle. “You look like her.”
Ellie wriggled, kicking her feet and straining upwards towards the dragon toy.
“You’re listed as his next of kin and the VA won’t give me any information because I’m not his next of kin,” Michelle explained.
Tony caught Steve’s hand, kissing each knuckle with a tenderness that should’ve felt wrong.
He let out the breath he’d been holding and grinned to himself, before moving into the kitchen to get plates and cutlery.
“Best coffee you’ve ever had,” Steve blurted out.
Steve’s eyes widened. Oh shit. He did know Banner. Well, perhaps
“Touché.”
Bucky groaned. “Don’t remind me.”
Tony rolled his eyes.
The door opened and, oh hell no, Stark walked in.
“The Mermaid House,” Bruce muttered, shaking his head.
“I cannot believe you’re wearing that,” she shook her head.
“There are seventeen people onboard,” JARVIS replied. “This was not a scheduled trip, and no tickets were sold. The main casino is empty, leading me to believe there are no civilians onboard.”
Bucky shrugged. “Sometimes it’s better when things are gone or changed. They turned my old apartment into a museum, and it’s just weird going back. Makes me feel all funny and outta place. Whereas when things are different or gone, they’re just gone.”
Maybe Steve was on his way up here. It was possible, after all, since Steve’s watch gave him full access to the Tower.
“He had a board meeting. I don’t when he’ll be back.”
“Oh. And, uh, how did that go?”
She handed back the notes, turning back to check on Jessica before she left.
?” he murmured.
“I need a drink,” he announced. “You want one?”
“Told you I’d fuck you stupid,” Tony rasped.
Steve sat up and swallowed. He found the remote and turned off the TV, keeping his breath even as he replied, “Hi dad.”
“Yeah. Happy just picked me up at the airport,” Tony explained. He heard a squeal in the background. “Are you babysitting?”
Tony nodded. “Always.”
“I got this,” he assured her. “Go back to bed, it’s fine.”
“You too. Don’t be afraid to call 911 if they terrify you with all the making out.”
And Nefaria was right there, smirking at him.
He looked
“You’re wrong,” Steve insisted, pushing away the tendrils of doubt curling their way through his brain.
“Alright, now we decided against wrangling a Hulk, mostly because it’s inside, there’s a lot of glass around here and, you know, he does have a temper issue. However, we do have Captain America himself,” he declared, patting the teenager’s shoulder and smiling at the plastic shield on his arm. “Meet Eli. And in true Captain America fashion, he makes a difference not only on the battlefield but off of it too. This year, Eli has volunteered every single Saturday to work with the New York Common Pantry, ensuring every member of his community has the food they need to survive. Stark Industries has been working with the New York Common Pantry since 2013 to ensure that no family goes hungry.
He forced down the coffee, his need for caffeine overriding his dislike of unsweetened coffee, then dropped the mug into the sink. He held out his hand and was relieved to find that he’d stopped shaking.
“Glad to hear it. Okay, I’m going to go before I make an even bigger fool of myself,” Tony declared, pulling his keys from his pocket and unlocking the car. “See you soon, Steve.”
“I love you,” Steve continued. “Which means it’s hard to see you in danger.”
Pepper joined the crowd of waiting investors, leaving Steve alone and pretending that he didn’t notice their sly glances towards him. Taking a deep breath, he adjusted his tie and straightened his jacket. Ari slipped out of the door behind him.
Judging by the way Tony’s face fell into a scowl, he’d failed. Tony pushed himself out of the water, reaching over and snatching the instructions from Steve’s hands. “Give me that.”
Steve lay in bed, staring up at the ceiling with Tony curled into his side. Usually he was the one cuddling up to Tony, but tonight he lay awake, his mind buzzing.
“I don’t think so. I’m Tony Stark.”
“Nothing,” Tony replied, but he sounded strange. “Go back to sleep, honey.”
“Hey,” Tony grinned, putting aside the welding torch and pushing his goggles up onto his forehead. “What can I do for you two?”
His mouth went dry. Tony stared at him but every time Steve tried to speak, it felt like his tongue was twisted up in knots.
“What happened to
“Hey,” Tony said. He held up the thermometer. “Come on, you have a fever and I need to know how much I should be freaking out right now.”
“Don’t you know when to stay down?” Stane shook his head.
“I really don’t wanna find out,” Bucky replied.
“Yeah,” Tony winced, thinking of Pepper’s many warnings that he and the Avengers had to be at the event, stressing the importance of it to her and the company. “Bright side.”
“Works for me,” Tony shrugged.
Tony’s words echoed in his mind:
Yes, when I was a kid, I decided I wanted to be a ginger cat for Halloween.
“But you won’t, right?” Steve said softly.
“Good?” Tony asked anxiously.
Unable to let him get away with that, Steve lunged forward, hauling Tony in for a messy kiss. They were both laughing, which stopped it from getting too heated, and then thankfully they were pulling up outside the Tower.
“That’s some shiner. Looks like he got you good,” Bucky grinned.
“Then why did you let me do all these tests?” Bruce frowned. “Why not just discharge her?”
“I don’t ever want to get rid of you,” Tony told him sincerely.
“Yeah, alright.”
“I told him it looks like a mangy possum,” Tony said absently, scrolling through his tablet.
Tony’s eyes fell on his phone at the edge of the table.
The message came to an end, leaving Steve sitting there with a bemused smile on his face. Tony was… a lot. That much was clear within two seconds of meeting the man.
, but when he opened his mouth, what came out was, “You’ll be a great dad one day.”
Clint shrugged. “Crazy ex-girlfriend?”
He crept along the corridor slowly, keeping the gun in his hand and saying a silent prayer of thanks for his relationship with Daniel - not only emotional support and great sex, but also learning how to escape from handcuffs and use a gun - for being great training for being kidnapped.
Hannah tugged on his shirt. “Iggles!” she demanded. “Iggles, Unka Seeve.”
He was terrified.
“No, I mean I have
“Zoey, this is Tony,” Steve called, and Tony noticed the third girl, curled up in the corner of the couch, game controller in hand. She studied him with big dark eyes, then threw him a small wave, before turning back to the game on the TV. “Tony, spaghetti for dinner, okay?”
Maybe he could just go without his keys? Angie would be home eventually, right?
“Yeah,” Tony smiled. “I got that.”
ruined that plan.”
“Hey,” Steve replied, locking the door and sliding on the chain.
“You too,” Arnie replied, shaking his hand. “I’m glad these two troublemakers have someone looking after them.”
“I love you too.”
“Oh, that sounds fun,” Tony grinned. “And speaking of, we should probably get going or we are going to miss our flight.”
He unpinned the sheet from the wall, folding it over his arm with the blanket, and joined Steve at the head of the stairs. They shared a smile, before Steve made his way downstairs, Tony on his heels, and Steve would almost swear he could feel the warmth radiating from Tony as they descended to his floor.
