Tony's so caught off guard by the question that he manages to miss his mouth, and coffee spills down the front of his shirt. He jerks to find a rag, feeling the nervous laughter bubbling in his chest.
Once or twice throughout the drive, he or Steve would try to strike up a conversation; but in all truth, nothing was set in stone until they figured out what to do about Obadiah's alleged treachery. Steve would go talk to the others whenever they stopped for gas, and even managed to convince Tony to stop for coffee. It was the middle of the day and they didn't really need it, but the moment Steve used those puppy eyes on him, he had no choice.
. Except -- he's a corpse. They thankfully chose not to display a graphic picture of him; and there's a headline underneath that says something along the lines of,
would care enough to stop him, "Steve could have walked away at any time, but the dude packed up the little he had and followed you across the country. The rest of us are losers without him so we followed him, but he saw something in you that he didn't want to give up on. Don't belittle him and his earnestness with thoughts like that."
"He was my friend. All of you were my friends." He's practically spitting it out, eyes set ablaze, "I wanted us to work something out together. I wanted us to come home
Despite everything that is coming down around them, his pack is happy and healthy, and Tony's strolling past him and --
He's asking between pants, and Bucky's in a similar shape. Tony is, too, but he looks so gleeful as he fights them like this is all he's wanted for so long.
"Where are we going?" Natasha asks, but a glance in her direction tells him she knows exactly where they're going.
Steve exchanges a glance with Natasha, who only raises an eyebrow as if to ask if she should perceive the newcomer as a threat or not. Steve shakes his head just slightly and does as requested. James is the first of Tony's life that he's been given the honor of meeting -excluding Howard, since Tony's made his feelings of his father obvious-, and he wants them to be on at least civil terms. When he sits, James strolls over and pulls out the chair from the opposite end of the table; and while the table is too small for the entire group to sit down, they gather around anyway.
"I mean we gotta move," Tony decides, and he spins on his heel in the direction of the garage. He'd have to take all the vibranium he'd managed to synthesize earlier -- and the particle accelerator. No one else moves for a moment, but the blood rushing in Tony's ears leaves him no time for a debate, "He wanted those missiles enough to threaten me, but something must have changed. Something spooked him enough to take Howard out--"
Stephen cuts him off like he never even expected the man to talk, "To every reality that we know, there are a million realities that can take in place of it. For example, in another reality, you would have told Stark about why you wanted to save Sargeant Barnes, he would have agreed to help, and with James Rhodes would have willingly helped free his mind without anyone being the wiser.
And although he feels his heart clench because he knows this will change everything, he presses his foot onto the briefcase, and the Iron Man armor unfolds and surrounds him. It's a relief to be in his armor again, like coming home; but he can't revel in it.
When he turns, cautious but expectant, the flicker of hope is squashed instantly when Steve holds a jacket out for him.
Tony's thankful to him for suggesting that; but his heart constricts with guilt as he shakes his head, "You were his friend and you're my mate. You're the one who can't be excused for attendance."
"I realized the only reason you two bested me last time was because of my weakness, of how human I am," Tony grins, his eyes flickering from his healing hand up to Steve and Bucky's matching horrified expressions. The others are slowly coming to, and they seem to be just as horrified at the display; including Natasha, who's being hoisted in through the window by Sam. They hadn't even realized Sam had gone after her until he'd come back with her.
Tony leans forward to the dashboard, pressing a little button on it and causing both of the gentlemen in the front seat to look at him in confusion. He can't blame them; it's not their for them to know he added a garage sensor to every car he'd borrowed.
Tony's breath hitches at the thought of it, and he's struck speechless. Steve flashes him another gentle smile and then makes his way out of the garage, and Tony watches his back fade. Steve's an honest type of guy, so Tony knows he means it, but can that really be right? The rest of them really only followed Steve's lead when the blond chased after Tony, why would they want Tony to be a part of their pack? He turns his attention back to the car, but even though his hands are moving and the motor oil is back to coating his skin, he finds that he's unable to focus on the car foor too long.
He shrugs as he finishes the story, pleasantly surprised in his own ability to remain composed; but the anger that racked his body did well to lessen the panic.
"Before we get to that," Sam cuts in, and the entire team seems to be bracing itself for another brawl. Sam looks weary as he turns his head in Tony's direction, "I also owe you an apology. I wanted to send you to Steve as a friend, but when the Accords hit and you were so adamant in having our abilities restricted, I couldn't trust you. I didn't want Steve to be lulled into a false sense of security by trusting you, either."
Steve’s face turns crimson from being called out. There was no point in denying it. He wanted a check up. The bruises and cuts were practically gone at this point, but the exam was for something else. Something he hadn’t told Tony about.
“C-can’t. I have to push.” Steve announces and he brings his chin down to his chest, pushing as hard as he can. The pressure is replaced by a fiery burn and Steve throws his head back with a scream. The stretch comes next and he reaches down between his legs, fingers brushing against wet, sticky hair. “Oh my God! She’s coming!”
“The jet should be here in an hour,” Tony replies and he takes a drink from his coffee mug. Steve nods and picks at the eggs, frowning at them like they had done something wrong. “Is it okay?” Tony asks and Steve’s head snaps up. “I’m trying to get this cooking thing down and-”
There’s mixed feelings about returning to the compound. The last time he had set foot in it was 15 years ago. It was the last time he saw Steve too.
He watches as they converse among themselves and observe the weapons. Peter doesn’t understand what’s so special about the weapons, but it was probably the reason why the Avengers were called in. Peter can’t remember if this information was in the phone call he overheard.
“No,” Peter sighs sadly and slants back in his seat. “I want to be an Avenger one day. He was training me so I could take his place but...we never finished. We were supposed to make a really cool suit too.”
Steve nods and directs his attention back on Morgan. He sniffs. “I don’t want to let her go. She’s my baby.”
“Not outloud you didn’t. I can see it. I just-I just need tonight okay? Please just give me some space.”
Planning a wedding was a lot harder than Steve had expected. Back in his day a wedding didn’t require much, but the times have changed. And so have the wedding planning.
“No. Kid, I never hated him. We didn’t always get along but hate was the furthest I felt about him. I loved him. Believe me I wish I could go back and do all the right things. I’m sorry I failed as a father.”
The alpha is in the kitchen, leaning against the counter and drinking his coffee. Steve is almost afraid to approach; the vibe Tony gives off isn’t welcoming. Tony peers up from his mug and sets it down on the counter.
“Oh yeah. Riley would be so jealous of me right now. He wanted to do this.” Sam gestures to the room. The smile he wears is sad.
The shield starts to crumble, small particles of stone falling onto the ground. Peter grunts and pulls a little harder. He snaps out of it and releases his hold when he breaks the shield off. It falls to the ground.
“There you go. You were just hungry. You’re always hungry, huh?” Steve chuckles. He gently strokes her hair while she eats, smiling when she peers up at him. She lays a tiny hand against his chest. “Daddy will be home soon. I know you miss him.”
“Don’t make me start,” Natasha threatens. Then she turns and leaves the room. “I love you!” She calls out.
Tony lets out a heavy sigh and pulls his hands free from Steve’s. The omega doesn’t chase after him.
Steve deserved to be happy with Bucky wherever they were. Bucky would treat Steve right. Bucky would never hurt Steve the way Tony had. Bucky wasn’t a monster.
“Are you ready?” Bruce asks. Peter wants to shake his head and run from the room, but he finds himself nodding. “Great. Just lie back and relax okay?”
The apartment is quiet when Tony returns. If he didn’t ask FRIDAY beforehand if Steve was still home he would have assumed Steve had left again. He honestly wouldn't blame him if he did. They’ve gotten into a lot of nasty fights in the past but this one was taking the number one slot.
Peter nods, and it’s not long until they’re gathering around the tv and taking their favorite controllers. For the most part, Peter is able to find the video game distracting. But then his parents get home and Peter’s mind is instantly on the baby and the huge secret he’s hiding.
Tony curses and slips on a pair of sweats, not bothering with a shirt. It wasn’t like Steve hadn’t seen him like this before.
Maybe one day Tony wouldn’t have to juggle both. Steve would never ask his mate to step away from the company he’s worked so hard to build, but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t mind having Tony home more.
“Because it’s probably insane! First you allow him into your car, then your place of business. Now what? Your penthouse, too?”
Steve had decided long ago that he didn’t want one. He couldn’t imagine them trying again just to have a repeat. Losing their child had crushed him, made him believe he had done something wrong. Tony had to remind him countless times that it was no one's fault, and maybe that was true, but Steve always pinned the blame on himself.
Peter is lounging around in the living room when they step through the front door. Morgan is in her bassinet beside him, sleeping peacefully.
Tony and Steve share a look. Tony shrugs and takes a sip from his mug. “They’re not wrong,” he says.
“He’ll be here. Lord knows that’s something I can’t help you with.” Steve rises to his feet and begins gathering his reports. “Go put your stuff away. Dinner will be ready soon.”
They share one last look, then Steve is turning and leaving. Tony watches as he disappears up the stairs. A door slams, followed by Morgan’s cries.
Bucky and Sam are still bickering about the gender. Natasha rolls her eyes and threatens them. That eventually shuts them up.
“Yes you can,” the doctor assures from between his legs. He can barely make out the dark hair atop her head. He wants to ask her about Steve since it was her who had been with him last, but the chance never comes and he’s forced to push again. “Good! Keeping pushing, Tony. He’s almost here.”
Steve wasn’t honestly sure how to do it. Every night he was forced to lie awake and go over the list of pros and cons he’s made. The obvious pro would be having Tony back and their child having both of their parents. The con was having Tony back and risk losing him all over again.
Steve couldn’t even remember the last time he had gone on a date. It had been sometime during his relationship with Tony. They rarely went out in public, especially during the first few weeks of their relationship. The last thing they had needed was their pictures printed on all the news and gossip tabloids. Tony still made sure to take Steve out, even if that meant somewhere secluded or just staying in and enjoying each other’s company.
Tony pulls away and attaches his lips to Steve’s neck, placing kisses and soft bites along the pale skin. Steve gasps softly and tilts his head to the side to offer Tony better access. Their lips meet again in a desperate and urgent kiss, tongues battling each other for dominance. Steve is deemed the winner.
“Sorry,” Steve decides it’s best to apologize for the awkward silence and uncomfortableness he’s put the alpha through.
Steve is able to nod. He adjusts himself and spreads his legs, then he’s pushing again. The small grunts and pants he makes are the only sounds that fill the room. Steve’s eyes are shut in concentration, and when the next contraction comes, he pushes along with it.
Tony keeps his sunglasses in place, even if it’s considered too dark to have them on. The sun was setting, painting the sky in pretty pinks and purples. Only there was nothing appealing about it. It was hard to find beauty in the world when his didn’t make sense anymore.
“I didn’t mean it,” Tony says, the tears in his eyes finally escaping and rolling down his face. “I swear I never meant for it to get worse. I just couldn’t stop.”
“I know, Tony Stark, that you’re a brave, selfless man. You’re willing to do anything and everything for the people you care about. Maybe sometimes you party too hard or lock yourself away for hours down here, shutting the whole world out. It’s just a way to hide. I wish you wouldn’t. You’re this amazing person and everyone should see it. For a long time I wondered if someone like you even existed. You’re a good person, Tony. I don’t care about who you used to be. I love you.”
He tries to follow the nightly routine by starting off with a warm bath. Morgan fought and screamed through the whole thing, not once finding any comfort in the soothing water and mild lavender scents. Getting her dried and dressed seemed to only upset her even more.
“You don’t have to say it,” Peter quickly says when his dad opens his mouth to speak. “I know you’re sorry.”
Steve doesn’t even register the tears until Tony points them out. He reaches up and feels wetness on his cheek. It only makes him cry more.
“Not like this,” Tony says, his voice shifting to a softer tone. He runs a hand down the curve of Steve’s back and along his hips. “Turn around. I want to see you.”
“What a bunch of jerks,” Ned frowns as they continue to make their way down the hall and toward their first class.
Sam chuckles and glances down at the swell of Bucky’s stomach, knowing that his daughter was probably up to no good. Both of his kids were going to be a handful.
“There’s more to parenthood, Tony. There’s the hugs and the kisses, the way they smile at you and tell you how much they love you. You’d be their hero.”
Though Steve nods his head, there’s still some hesitancy. Tony gets it. There were points in his life when he had been told similar things, only to not believe them. How could he when he felt there was no hope for him?
The rest of the ride is silent. Steve keeps his gaze out the window, refusing to look anywhere else. Tony watches him with interest, taking in the way his face screws together in confusion when they pass by the large buildings and billboards.
Tony pulls out slowly and leans back on his haunches, panting heavily. Steve had grown still, no longer trying to break free from the cuffs. His head is hanging down, blond hair matted to his forehead.
Steve sniffs and buries his face deeper into Tony’s neck, staining the warm skin with his tears. Tony immediately senses his mate’s distress and he holds him tighter, promising that this wasn’t the end, that they were going to be free again. They’d have their son back and they could go back to being a family.
“But tv sounds nice. I’m a little-” Steve stops himself. He can’t say he’s from a different time period. Even if he wanted to he wasn’t sure how. It had been difficult to tell Tony, and he can’t imagine trying to inform Happy, someone he barely knows. “-behind I guess,” he finishes.
“Can they stay with us?” Steve asks, glancing over at his mate and showing off his teary eyes. Tony doesn’t even look up, too engrossed in the task of tucking in the older pups. Harley yawns and curls up beside his brother, eyes falling shut almost instantly.
“Stop being Captain America. I remember he came home one night and...and the bad guys hadn’t gone easy on him. I promised I’d keep him safe...and I couldn’t.”
“Sorry. The point is you did all of the work. And yeah it was hard and it sucked at times, but look at her. She was worth it, right?”
Steve’s vision blurs with tears and he grips the knife tightly. He finds himself moving toward the bedroom, only to stop. He can’t do it. Every ounce of him wants to hurt the alpha like the way he’s been hurt, but he can’t bring himself to do it.
Tony watches the little family for a while before deciding to give them the space Steve requested. He turns back to give them one last glance, this time meeting the little girl's gaze.
Steve sighs and turns his body so that he can face Tony. He’s greeted with the sight of his back, but he knows that if he could see Tony’s face, he’d find pain. Steve gets up and steps into the kitchen, coming up behind Tony and wrapping his arms around him. The alpha jumps from the touch, then he’s relaxing.
Tony listens to the message as he works on one of his suits. He hasn’t been in one for so long, having given up being Iron Man a long time ago. He could barely function outside of the suit. How could he function inside of it?
“I swear I can cook.” Tony tries to defend himself. “I thought pasta sounded good and J had stuff delivered. I'm rambling aren’t I? Tell me to shut up any time.”
He called Pepper every chance he got to get updates, and it was relieving to learn that Alexander had stopped going by the tower. Tony knew better than to let his guard down, but at the same time he found himself relaxing.
Tony sighs heavily. “I don’t know. I don’t want to say there isn’t one because obviously we have him for something. Maybe it’s all for you. This is what you wanted, and now you have it.”
It’s not until they’re stepping out of the elevator and into Tony’s penthouse does Steve become aware of his surroundings. He still comes off as hesitant and unsure, but there’s a hint of curiosity in his eyes. It’s amusing to watch his reaction.
“I know.” Steve holds Tony close and presses a kiss to his head. “If it gets worse I’ll get checked out. I honestly feel fine. It’s just a little weight.”
Tony growls from the omega’s begging. The alpha in him enjoys the pleading and wanton noises the omega produces. He feverishly kisses Steve again, his tongue slipping between Steve’s parted lips and mapping out his mouth, tasting him.
“Yep. I mean, you’re on the run, right? And I can’t exactly be seen with you. It would just cause unwanted attention and I-you don’t need that right now.”
From the beginning, Steve knew she was going to take after Tony. Her stubbornness could very well be something she picked up from him, but Tony was just as stubborn. Their daughter was no different. She did things her way. If she wanted to enter the world ahead of schedule, then she was going to do it.
“Petey, wake up,” Natasha coos, ignoring the dirty look Steve gives her. “Leave me alone, Rogers. I just want to feel him.”
Steve hears the stool scrap against the floor and little feet make their way toward him. Small arms are wrapping around his waist, and that’s when Steve loses his composure. His whole body wracks with each sob he releases. The tears don’t stop.
“Just listen. You’re hurting. You told me some things, but I don’t think you’re being completely honest with me. I want you to talk to me, make me understand so I can fix this.”
Peter leans forward and buries his face in his hands, sobbing until his chest hurts. He doesn’t even hear the footsteps up the stairs. It’s not until someone is sitting beside him does Peter gasp and look up, meeting his aunt’s soft eyes.
Steve nods. The little boxes weren't what was bothering him. The larger one was the most intimidating. He knew it held a crib inside; a crib he needed to put together. It was a lot to take in.
Steve rests his head against the bump, softly talking to their son. Tony smiles down at him and runs his fingers through his husband’s hair. He hasn’t seen him this happy in a long time.
Steve hasn’t realized he took too long to respond. “Sorry,” Steve quickly apologizes and clears his throat. “I’m actually not...fine...not really.”
“My ma and I used to stay up to watch the fireworks. She always said they were for me, but it knew she was just trying to cheer me up. I never really had any of this. She scraped just enough to get me something every year. Honestly I preferred just spending it with her. She did her best.”
For the most part their lives are normal again, and Tony’s feeling pretty damn proud of himself for accomplishing his plan. Every now and then he thinks about the life they lost and the guilt he now has to carry with him. But then he’s reminding himself of all the trouble he’s saved the poor kid, and that’s what helps him sleep at night.
A part of Peter almost feels guilty for wanting to seek his dad out. He often found himself questioning if it would be worth it. His dad hadn’t bothered to reach out in 15 years. The only family Peter had was the Avengers, and though they weren’t family by blood, they took care of him as if he was cut from the same cloth. They were all he’d ever need.
“Tones, do you need any-” Steve’s cut off when Tony lurches forward again and another round starts. Steve’s torn between rushing to his husband’s side and fleeing the bathroom before his breakfast decides to make a second appearance. He chooses the latter, mumbling something about getting Tony a glass of water.
“Oh.” Natasha frowns. “You have time to work things out with him. Don’t worry about that yet. Does anyone else know or just me?”
“Hey,” Tony says softly, the sound of his voice capturing the omega’s attention. Steve lifts his head, a small gasp escaping him.
“There was an...incident...back at the base. The...the alpha that...he...he…” Steve pauses to take a breath, hating how shaky it comes out. He
The trip was only supposed to last a couple of days. Tony vowed it wouldn’t go over that length. Steve had assured him he was fine and that Tony shouldn’t worry, but it was clear the alpha was having second thoughts. They haven’t been separated before.
“No, I know. But..I guess what I’m trying to say is…” Steve sighs. He honestly doesn’t know what he’s trying to get across to Tony.
“Thank you.” Steve directs his gaze back on their daughter. He reaches out for her, only to quickly retract his hand. It’s painful to see him so afraid to touch her.
It’s worrisome and Steve’s stomach is doing that weird thing where he can’t decide if he needs to throw up or not. He frowns and places a hand over his stomach, taking a deep, concentrated breath when the nausea continues. He shrugs it off.
Ugh Tony! I love Tony Stark, but in this story...he's a jerk. I'm not saying Steve is innocent either but...yeah. I love these two...even when they do stupid stupid things.
Peter sags in his seat when his parents glance in his direction. Tony smirks behind his mug, doing his best to keep the laugh that’s building to himself. Steve catches on and scowls.
“I’m sorry.” It’s a response he deems appropriate for this situation. He had made a fool of himself during Tony’s birthday and now he was doing it again for his. He needed to get his shit together.
He spends a little longer in the shower than he needs to. He’s careful when he scrubs the dirt and dried blood off of his body. He winces when he rubs over one of the larger bruises on his side. They’ll fade, just like they always do, but the pain would be everlasting.
He tells himself to be in a better mood because today was his baby shower, but for the first time in his life he doesn’t find a party appealing. It wasn’t like he was able to drink and fully enjoy himself anyway. Having a baby really did come with a long list of don’ts. But he was doing this for Steve.
For once Steve was looking forward to the future. He had a mate, an alpha that loved and cared about him. He had a beautiful baby boy on the way. His life was improving. His life was everything he had hoped for and more.
“Hi, Petey,” Steve coos and gently brushes back his son’s messy hair. Peter yawns again and one arm slips free from the blanket he’s wrapped in. Sarah takes this as another opportunity to touch her baby brother. She giggles when he squirms.
It was too much to take in, and though a part of Steve wants to panic, the other half is encouraging him to cradle the baby close and comfort him. He follows through with his instincts, bringing the baby closer to his chest.
“Oh!” It finally dawns on Tony. “You want to be me me, not Iron Man. Why? You don’t want a really cool suit?”
“What is that thing?” Steve gestures to the gadget resting in Tony’s lap. “Sorry,” he quickly apologizes when Tony peers up at him. A small grin crosses over his face and Steve relaxes.
Steve has never been able to do this with any of his previous pups. They had always been taken away the moment they made their first cry. This time he wouldn’t allow that to happen. He would protect her.
He’s not sure how long he stays in that spot, and it’s not until he hears the elevator does he snap his head up in its direction. The doors open and a familiar face greets him. He didn’t expect Peter to be here and he wonders if Natasha had contacted him. Or maybe it was FRIDAY. She knew how much Peter meant to him.
Sooner or later the uncomfortable conversation regarding Peter’s living situation would come to light. For years no one thought such a conversation would exist; Tony Stark wasn’t supposed to have entered the picture. It came as a shock to learn that he was back and willing to step up and take responsibility for his son.
But then he met Tony Stark and his world had been changed forever. Steve never thought in a million years that he’d find a mate and start a family. Back in the day he had been the scrawny omega that alphas didn’t bother to look twice at. And then being in Hydra’s clutches made him lose hope for good. It wasn’t until he literally ran into Tony did he realize that Hydra hadn’t stolen everything from him.
The next doctor appointment was the one Steve was the most excited for. If they were lucky then they would be finding out the gender of their baby. They had already started planning out the nursery and buying a few items here and there, but once they learn about the gender, then they can start personalizing.
Tony smiles at his sons and makes sure they’re far away before aiming his repulsor at the tall tree. A beam of light shoots from his red palm and the tree shatters, sending pieces of splintered wood flying in different directions. Tony shoots those into smaller pieces. The pups cheer and clap their hands.
“I wasn’t talking about your face.” Sam’s eyes dart down toward Steve’s stomach, brows knitting together in concern when the arm Steve has wrapped around it tightens. “You took a hell of a beating. Super soldier or not you should get looked at.”
Peter straightens up and wipes at his eyes. He picks the photo back up and smiles at it, then places it back on the nightstand.
They talk a bit about school, but after that there’s barely any words spoken. Peter sags in his seat and picks at his food, wishing he could be excused so he could go to bed. He was exhausted and just wanted his crappy day to end.
The newborn is fast asleep, obviously drained from being born. Tony gets it; he’s exhausted himself. But he doesn’t give in to the exhaustion, not yet at least. He wants to hold his son a little longer.
When Peter enters his uncle’s apartment, he’s not surprised to find his other uncle crying. Realizing he’s been caught, Bucky quickly wipes his eyes and stands up from the couch to greet his husband and nephew.
The moment Tony left, Steve had called Natasha. He wonders if his friends even knew that Tony had been in the compound. His presence was so unexpected, and then, just like that, he was gone again. Vanished to probably never been seen again.
The doors to the elevator opens and Tony rushes inside. He presses the button for his private floor and the doors close, cutting Pepper off when she tries to speak to him again. He hates that he’s hiding details from her, but he was still trying to piece things together himself. He’d let her in on everything once he had it all figured out.
The first thing Tony notices when he enters the living room is Steve’s missing presence. Pepper and Happy are chatting on the sofa, laughing about something Tony missed. He frowns and makes his way over to his friends.
“No. I can’t do that. I’ve hurt you enough. Just don’t worry okay? That alpha will never find you again.”
“Yeah? How much more?” Tony asks, pulling Steve closer and rubbing his hand up and down Steve’s arm.
Steve is forced down to his knees and he lifts his head weakly, showing off the damage the two alphas had done. His face is covered in bruises and blood, a medium size gash runs along his right cheek and his left eye is purple and swollen.
“I have another style if you want those instead.” Tony means to be helpful, but Peter takes it as another joke.
The room eventually clears except for the alpha. Steve pokes his head in and sniffs the room, trying to scent the alpha he would be spending the next few weeks with.
“It’s just for a few weeks, right?” Tony asks as they walk together through the courtyard of the facility Steve has decided was suitable for him. Tony still begged to differ, but this was what Steve wanted and Tony needed to respect that.
“Yeah. Get some rest. I have a meeting in like ten minutes. Maybe afterwards we can talk? Get some breakfast?”
“He’ll be back,” Tony continues to talk to her. He rocks gently again in the chair. “And we’ll be together again. He’s going to be so happy to see you. Hey maybe we can visit him…” Tony pauses and frowns. They’d have to figure out a time when they could go by the facility. Steve was only allowed weekly visits.
The alpha lowers her gun and orders her partner to do the same. Steve eyes the pair cautiously, growling again when the woman comes closer.
Peter’s phone dings, notifying him of a new message. Sam catches a glimpse of the name on the screen and smiles.
Their eyes meet for a second before Tony’s eyes are fluttering shut and his fingers slip from Steve’s shirt. He falls to the floor with a grunt.
“Steve, what’s wrong?” Natasha’s voice takes on a more serious tone and she places a hand over his knee.
Steve can’t help but smile at that. “Yeah. This kid’s gonna be spoiled,” he says this with one hand falling to the bump that’s beginning to show.
“Hey,” Tony keeps his voice light and he wraps an arm around Steve’s shaking form. Steve doesn’t pull away and instead welcomes the embrace. “Talk to me.”
Morgan is fussy, her face pink and scrunched up. Tears are streaming down her face and her cries rise in volume. Tony does everything he can to get his daughter to calm down, but all of his attempts fail. She refuses a bottle when it’s offered and the soft rocking that usually calms her only makes her feel worse.
“Is Happy-” Steve begins to say, only to pause and frown. He doesn’t even know what he’s trying to ask.
Muffled voices and footsteps are what force him to stop. He listens, ears picking up on the sounds produced just outside the locked door. His heart is pounding in his chest, filling his ears with a mixture of the heavy beating and the noises outside.
Tony pulls back slightly so their eyes can meet. “I mean it,” he warns. “If you do this again I swear I’ll-”
With a yawn, Steve sets the book down on the nightstand and switches off the lamp, then he’s curling under the blankets. He’s out the moment his head hits the pillow.
One of the spare bedrooms didn’t offer much, but it beat leaving his son on the sofa in the lab. Tony still can’t help but envision transforming the space into something more along Peter’s taste. He was jumping too far ahead of himself. They still needed to learn a lot more about the other before Tony could ask him to move in.
Steve frowns. He honestly hates the idea of bouncing their son back and forth like that, but that was their situation. It wasn’t going to change.
“That’s a long time to be away from him,” Steve sighs and leans back in his seat, squeezing his eyes shut when more tears gather in his eyes. His hormones were out of whack and it was something that was going to take some getting used to. It wasn’t the only thing. He still needed to get used to the idea of being a father.
Those same words have been said before. Steve didn’t trust them. He made the mistake of trusting them once, only to learn that the pup he had given birth to was not the one Alpha wanted and it was taken away.
“Look at me,” Tony urges and Steve’s eyes shoot open. He must’ve closed them. “You’re not with him anymore. You’re with me. You can do whatever you want, Steve. I want you to cum first. It’ll feel good. I promise.”
The morning sickness is worse and the fatigue isn’t any better, but Steve still manages to wear a smile on his face. He’s careful with what he does and what he eats, not wanting to risk bringing any harm to their unborn child.
“It looks great.” Tony smiles and reaches out to gather a bit of frosting on his finger, bringing it to his mouth to taste. “Mmm. Good stuff. Great job, kid.”
But falling for the alpha was off limits. They were strangers and for all Steve knew Tony didn’t look at him that way. Steve wasn’t sure if he saw Tony that way. Maybe it was his hormones making him believe that he felt something for the alpha.
“How do you know?” Bucky clings to Sam tightly. His body trembles and Sam knows he’s struggling to keep it together. “Steve’s gone and Pete…”
“Holy shit,” Tony pants and loosens the grip he has on Steve. Steve pulls off with a pop, his lips red and sticky with evidence of Tony’s release. He licks them clean and that smirk is back on his face. “Darling, that was amazing. Where the hell did that come from?”
“I know, I know.” The response Tony has is lame, he knows this, but he doesn’t know what else he’s supposed to say. Nothing he could say or do will take the pain away.
The agonizing scream Steve makes when the doctor tells them the tragic news has Tony’s heart shattering. He pulls Steve into his arms and holds him tightly, doing everything he can to comfort him. Steve clings to him and sobs into his chest, his body trembling.
“Here he comes,” Ned whispers and Peter snaps his head up. Sure enough, Flash is walking toward them.
Tony bites back the groan of pain to speak to his A.I. again. “FRIDAY, he's not losing the baby, is he?”
“What if I can’t do this? What if I can’t be a good mother to him? All the others...I failed them. All of them are gone because of me. I don’t want Pete-”
Peter turns toward the sound of his voice, eyes blinking open and revealing the tears that have gathered there. His bottom lip juts out, quivering when those tears roll down his face.
His team is already waiting for him by the time Steve gets down to the jet, ready for their latest assignment. The briefing had been quick since the mission was unexpected, but there was plenty of time for them to discuss a plan on the flight.
Her dad is fast asleep, a position she rarely finds him in. Getting a full 8 hours just wasn’t his style. Her papa said he had always been that way. She almost feels bad for wanting to wake him.
Steve was going to tell him. It was the right thing to do. Even if Tony decided he wasn’t ready and wouldn’t step up, then Steve could handle that. He was having this baby, with or without Tony.
Steve tries another number, muttering a quick prayer when the phone rings. The other end is picked up almost instantly.
“Nothing,” Steve responds. He refuses to turn around to face Tony, instead keeping his gaze locked on something ahead. “Just tired. Having a baby is...it’s hard.”
“Pete,” Steve calls out softly to grab his son’s attention. He doesn’t get a response at first. Peter’s eyes are glued to the wall straight ahead and his right leg hasn’t stopped shaking since he sat down on the exam bed. “Petey,” Steve tries again and this time he gets attention.
“It’s fine,” Peter lies. He knew what kind of job his aunt and uncles had. From a young age he had been exposed to the type of his work his family did. He hated it whenever his papa had to leave. And now he hated that everyone else was leaving too.
“I apologize. If you do need reassurance, I’m pleased to say he’d be willing to speak with you as well.”
Any day now they would be welcoming their son. A mixture of excitement and fear flood through them. They were having a baby. They were going to be parents, something neither one of them knew anything about.
The commotion ends abruptly when Rumlow returns with a bruised and bloodied Tony Stark. Tony is gripped tightly by the collar of his shirt and dragged down the stairs. Rumlow meets Steve’s eyes and with a smirk, tosses Tony down the last few steps.
He stumbles back, needing to put some distance between himself and the omega before he does something stupid. Only, he finds that he can’t move away. He wants to touch and kiss and fuck the omega. His body craves it. His alpha demands it.
Pepper doesn’t bother hiding her irritation when Tony finally gets on the line. He quickly goes in for an apology.
With Peter distracted with the movie, Tony returns back to the bedroom. He finds Steve still in bed, staring blankly at the wall, tears rolling down his face. Tony has never seen him so broken.
His office door opens and Pepper walks in, ignoring him and slapping a stack of papers on his desk. Tony glances down at them, rolling his eyes and shoves them away.
Tony says his goodbyes, making sure to give Steve plenty of kisses. It obviously makes the beta uncomfortable, but he’s probably seen worse coming from Tony.
“I am. But before any of that, I was just a little guy from Brooklyn. I never used to look like this. I was born sick and small; a pathetic excuse for an omega. I’ve never been bonded because no alpha would ever consider me as their mate. I was tired of the abuse and mockery. I wanted to be better. I wanted to prove myself.”
Pepper rolls her eyes and leaves the office, shutting the door behind her. Tony lets out a heavy sigh and rises to his feet, deciding he wasn’t in the mood to work today.
It was hard to say for sure. Especially when Tony was currently on his knees in the bathroom and vomiting. Steve can only watch helplessly from the doorway of the bathroom, a look of pure sympathy(and maybe disgust) written on his face. He had tried to be closer, only for Tony to grow annoyed and shoo him away.
Bucky was usually the one ready to fight, but his nephew needed him. And a break from avenging didn’t hurt every now and then.
Tony makes a fart noise and Steve frowns. Was his husband capable of acting like an adult? Probably not.
“I had...there was this alpha. We weren’t bonded. He...used me. Three of my pups…” Steve stops himself. He’s not making any sense.
Everything else around Peter stops. He doesn’t acknowledge the other people surrounding him. All that matters is the person he’s desperately holding onto. The fingers feel nice in his hair and Peter’s eyes fall shut, succumbing to the comfort. He can still hear the beating; it’s getting softer and softer.
Steve kept hinting and Tony knew it, but he played dumb. That could only last for so long. He wasn’t known as a genius for nothing.
“Please? Steve, I love you. I love our son. I’m sorry I had my doubts, and I’m sorry I kept it all from you. Believe me this was not how I wanted to tell you, but I was an idiot. I’m so so sorry. I love you. I don’t regret letting you in my car and I’ll never regret putting that mark on your neck.”
“Yeah, baby. I’m okay now.” Steve brings his son close, letting his pup inhale his scent. Sarah crawls over to join them, making herself comfortable in Steve’s lap and nibbling happily on her cookies.
Peter frowns. “They won’t do that. I think they’ll be happy to see you. They were wondering where you were for the funeral. I know I was.”
The dirty thoughts that enter his mind quickly become something he can’t ignore. He wonders if it’s from the sounds Tony’s making or the fact that his husband is partially naked. Tony had decided he didn’t want to wear pants. They were home so it didn’t matter if he chose to wear pants or be completely naked. Steve would've honestly hoped for the latter.
Tony turns back to his daughter, making sure she’s calm enough before gently placing her back in her crib. She doesn’t stir or fuss and Tony feels he’s able to walk away to give his husband attention.
“Unless you’re planning to breastfeed?” Pepper asks and she takes the gift to neatly place it on the floor near her feet. She takes another bag and gives it to him. “This one is from me.”
“I know. Just take care of it, please? And I swear that’s the last thing I ask of you. I’ll be back in New York soon.”
Those three words never fail to make Tony’s heart flutter. He’s heard the words before from his mother, from his best friend, and occasionally from a few past partners. It was hard for him to repeat those words, except to his mother and best friend of course, but  whenever Steve said them, Tony didn’t hesitate to say them back.
The Hulk began to throw a huge, green fist at Steve, but he blocked it with the shield. "I'm sorry," he straightened the shield and brushed some rubble off of his shoulder, "I wasn't done yet."
But currently, everything had been shoved out of the way for a large mat covered with blue, green, yellow, and red dots. Clint was wedged off to one side of the fort with a spinning board.
"You do realize this entire room is a vacuum? We're only going to get rid of this gas if we open the door," Steve said, trying to be tactical and ignoring Tony's insane rant. "Where's your key? If we clear out the room, we can get a better look at whatever this thing is."
Tony chuckled nervously, trying to quiet them down. "No. No girls involved. Just me, Cap and Bruce."
"I'm gonna just," Steve started dragging the motorcycle across the drive, "keep my baby here. That ok?"
"Well, I guess you could say so," Steve glanced down sheepishly, "I happen to have some training from the US Military," Steve replied, rubbing the back of his neck and turning red.
"Well, hey," Clint interrupted, coming over to help Natasha roll up the Twister mat, "why don't we play something else? Like Monopoly?"
"Yeah, what's your problem with me caring?" Clint asked, offended, coming and sitting down on the opposite side of Bruce. "I'm only saying..."
Steve put his shield down as a small fortress in front of him and Tony, resting his head on Tony's shoulder. "Well, I can give him one thing."
In their time waiting for Clint to show up, Tony ran upstairs and took a shower. Steve sat in the busted lab room, twiddling his thumbs and thinking of what he was going to tell Bruce when asked what the hell happened.
"Hey, Bruce," he started softly, "how are you feeling?" He took the blanket off of his shoulder and wrapped it around Bruce.
"You think," Bruce started breathing heavily, "that I can control this... this thing?" His voice hardly sounded like the Bruce that Tony knew and loved. It was deeper, like something bad was about to happen.
"And I tripped over the chair in the control room, and slammed on the button," Steve finished Tony's sentence, looking down at his feet. Nothing could have satisfied his inner soldier more than taking the blame for himself.
"You want to know what happened?" Bruce whimpered, tears welling up in his eyes. "Those two... those two idiots," he started to raise his voice, lifting a finger at Steve and Tony, "turned me into a monster. A big, green, out-of-control monster!" He started to shake, and looked up at Steve.
Bruce rolled his eyes. "OK. You know what? Both of you go into the control safe-room, before you break something, or before I kill you."
"Tony! Tony, it looks like-" Steve started to say, but the thing, a green, almost-human monster from what he could tell, sent him sailing across the room. He landed right by the lab table, which had also been sent across the room. Steve guessed that's what made the thud.
Coulson raised an eyebrow. "It went wrong? How so?" All Steve had to do was make a motion in the destroyed lab's direction.
"Yeah, yeah..." Tony stood up, waving his hand to brush away Clint's comments, and walked over to Steve's side outside the lab.
"Oh yeah, here." Clint put his phone in Steve's hand and ran over to the most complicated looking bow available for archery. He donned a quiver of foam-tipped arrows, and looked at Steve with something of a craze in his eyes. "Come at me."
"The gamma radiation turned him into a..." Tony faded off, making sure he didn't set Bruce off again.
His friend sitting next to him, the same guy as at the parking lot, nodded. "Yeah, it is. Hey, be friendly! Turn around!"
"You know that I'm not a chemistry expert-I mean, that's why you developed this entire experiment in the first place-but I can tell you this one thing: that much Gamma radiation should've killed you. I mean, dude, you should have seen the rat from the cage. I'm sure you don't want the details now, but..."
"You're lucky, Rogers," the gym teacher said, making Steve flinch again, "today is one of those few days where you get to wander around and do whatever you feel like. We've got... let's see..." he started to count off on his fingers. "Dodge ball in the little gym over that way," he pointed to a door, "archery over on that side of the gym, the rock climbing wall is open, and then you can go out and jog on the track. Also got some weights in the weightlifting room if you're feeling strong."
After Tony came downstairs, they sat in the lab room, hoping for some time to think, when they heard the click of the door down to the labs.
Steve shook his head. "You have no idea that I got training from the US Military, do you? I don't need a bow. I've got a shield," he held up his piece of fiberglass, "and raw strength."
Every time there was a lab they were supposed to be working on, Steve would put on his protective goggles like he knew what he was doing and set off to work, eventually messing up the entire lab and forcing a do-over. Tony never quite really got mad at Steve for that, though. He more just gave him an extremely affectionate look, a pat on the back, and it even looked like Tony longed to kiss Steve on the cheek. But maybe Steve was just hallucinating.
"Really, it was nothing. Just some random thing they had me hang around for. And then they gave me training. I suppose they're just waiting for me to become of age for the military, and then they're gonna make me a Captain of a certain part of the army, or something... I don't really know..." Steve started turning around to go somewhere else, but Howard grabbed him by the shoulders.
"Well," Tony smirked, just standing up and brushing himself off, "I don't think that'd be an issue."
"You were supposed to be home last night by midnight, and no later. And no one was answering the phone here," Coulson gave a pointed look at Howard, who had followed him down, "so came over myself."
"Viz?" Sam calls out, the horror seeping into his own tone, and he's visibly shaken as he stands to help guide Vision into a chair.
While he's distracted by his surroundings, and the reminder of an old conversation he'd shared with Tony regarding retiring and settling down, his eyes fall upon the front of the log cabin, where the Iron Patriot armor sits like a lawn ornament. It's painted with the Red, White, and Blue that reminds him of his own colors; and in front of it sits his shield, planted firmly in the ground like a daunting reminder of what he lost.
"Once every few days or so, we call Howard to let him know what's going on with you. He asked us to keep an eye out on whether or not you looked like you were ready to go home." Steve is the one that answers, and the tips of his ears are flushed in embarrassment. The blond looks apologetic and guilty and the sight of it makes Tony's heart constrict.
Steve is quiet for a long beat as he regains his footing, then releases Tony so suddenly that the brunet stumbles on his feet.
?" Clint squeaks, and he runs after the bot that is chirping as he rolls away, "No! That stuff is dangerous! Hey! Can you hear me?"
Tony hates how he's being commanded by a guy who doesn't know him. He hates the perfect teeth that are showing as Steve's lips curl into an easy grin. He hates knowing no matter how far and how fast he runs, he'll never be able to outrun his fate.
James chuckles, a hollow sound, and finally raises his head again. The redness of his eyes is confirmation that he did just cry a little bit, and Steve's heart feels heavy. It's proof of how much James loves Tony; and if the roles were reversed, he would be inconsolable if anything happened to Bucky.
The tears are uncalled for and so sudden that he doesn't realize he's crying until Steve's fondly rubbing the tears away.
As soon as he wraps his hand around the mug, however, the little flip phone Steve had once given him buzzes in his pocket. He frowns and tugs it out, flipping it over to see that he had a new message. He thinks its Rhodey, since Steve had mentioned something about a case that Rhodey and Pepper are compiling. There are two texts, actually, and one of the texts is from
Steve nudges him from behind, but gently enough that he knows he isn't being forced to move. It's only then that he remembers the rest of the group. Tony's eyes roam over them. Natasha is here, of course, sitting beside Clint and eyeing Tony with interest. Clint himself is more interested in the chicken leg on his plate -- what's left of it, more like. Bucky and the other man are there too, though Bucky's intense gaze is something Tony pointedly ignores. Really, he needs a lot of alcohol to even engage with the man at this point. There are two others; a big burly man with blond hair and a cheerful disposition, and another woman with long brunette locks. The only thing he can really tell about her upon first glance is that she looks young.
His anger grows substantially; and then, all of a sudden, his face drains of all color and he hunches forward in his seat. He props both of his elbows up on the table, ducking his face into his hands and breathing deeply. He might be crying, too, considering the shake of his shoulders.
He's so dazed he doesn't even notice Steve's left for at least a few minutes. By the time his wits return to him and he steps out of the bathroom, the booth Steve and his packmates had taken up were nearly cleared. He gets closer to it with his shoulders drooping in disappointment. It's shortlived disappointment, however, because there's a plate of food that's piping hot, a mog of fresh coffee that
It's 3 AM, and instead of sleeping, Tony lies awake and stares at the flip phone he's acquired in a mix of skepticism and longing. He hasn't talked to his best friends in years, and there was really no telling of how they'd react if he called them again so suddenly. He couldn't, and wouldn't, blame them if they never wanted to hear from him again, but he has so many questions that only they would be able to answer; and that's the truth. He thinks of Pepper; of her beautiful blonde hair, her unwavering faith and loyalty, and the many times where he couldn't sleep and she'd stay up to talk to him on the phone. He thinks of Rhodey, his unending kindness and good humor, as well as his surge of overprotectiveness. Honestly, it was surprising that Rhodey hadn't already dragged him back home.
"How did you sleep?" A soft voice asks from his side, and Tony turns his head to see Wanda looking at him, an eyebrow raised, and this smug, knowing look on her face.
"Like I said, I’m not mad; but you might be." Tony responds easily, and when their expressions convey how confused they are, his lips press into a firm line, "I got a call earlier today, from Obadiah. They want me to design another weapon. They're blackmailing me, actually, and using all of you as leverage."
about Howard, and why exactly Steve had decided to pack up and follow him around the country. He knows they need to talk about Bucky, because he can't tell if whatever was between them was gone or not. But for now, standing in the garage with Steve's hand pressing gently against his cheek and those blue eyes peering down at him with so much love, everything else just faded from his mind.
"At ease, soldier," Rhodey eases, even going as far as to clapping a hand lightly onto Steve's shoulder. His gaze doesn't remain on the alpha for long, instead turning back to Tony with the brightest expression Tony's ever remembered seeing.
"It's here." He finds himself saying, and for whatever reason, seeing it causes his heart to flutter. Maybe it's because of what it symbolized in the past, or because the metal had been worked over so all the scrapes from the last battle he'd fought with it was hidden.
Tony leans forward, over Steve's lap, licking a stripe along the blond's shaft and enjoying the slight tremble of his body.
“The witch is right.” the sorcerer begins with just the slightest raise of his shoulder, “Even without Tony Stark, you would be able to save the Earth.”
"She was originally dying from cancer. Terminal." Tony answers anyway, and he has the glass of water in his hand. He wishes it were whiskey, but at least holding it gives his hand something to do. "I was -- a teenager, I think. I had just graduated from M.I.T. Howard thought I was too smart and too rebellious so he sent me away when I was young, so I spent most of my childhood at boarding schools and then went to college. I got the call before he did. He was out of the country with some lady. Mom found out. The mate bond snapped and killed her."
Tony tells her over the line, and while he registers that it's early in the day and they had just seen each other the night before, he just
Dinner is a bustling kind of affair, with all the different personalities and voices surrounding him. He learns the brunette's name is Wanda, and though the group doesn't go into it much, she had a twin brother named Pietro. Thor tells his own tales of his family at home, overseas in Norway, including a brother named Loki and Tony can't help but wonder about the family's obession with Norse gods. Clint talks more the further they get into dinner, making wisecracks and receiving plenty of fond thumps on his head from Natasha. Sam talks a little bit to Bucky at the far end of the table, and Tony tries not to think about how he's directly across the table from Steve, who is much quieter and watching Tony's reactions more closely than the genius would prefer.
Bucky manages a chuckle and stalks off towards his own bedroom, "I think that's something you need to ask him."
able to escape, I blew the whole place down. It was gratifying, to say the least. Rhodey found me in the desert a few days later and brought me home. Howard and Obadiah kept it widely under wraps, forced me to have surgery to have my entire chest reconstructed. They couldn't let the public see me with a glowing blue disk on my chest.
Tony shrugs in a half hearted manner, turning his head to glance at the house. It certainly seems a lot less daunting now that he's not staring at it alone, that's for sure. His gaze flickers over to Steve for the shortest moment, trying to remain composed although he knows how badly his body is craving the man.
Steve, of course, doesn't let him pass. He lowers his arm so Tony can't duck under it, then shifts so that he's pressing against Tony so the brunet can't escape.
His gaze flickers, between Natasha's gaze that is shows just the slightest concern, to Wanda's questioning eyebrows, to Bucky's intense gaze that is burning with questions, and then finally settles on Steve. Steve, who looks like he's fighting the urge to get up and run to him, with his fingers curled tightly into the leather of the recliner. Tony notices it, just then, the sketchbook that is sprawled across his lap. His head turns, finding the little closet behind the television, and a smile forms on his face despite himself. At least one good thing came out of all this, he tells himself.
He clears his throat, raising his hands to Steve's shoulders and pushing gently so they can look each other in the eye. Steve goes, but he's reluctant in doing so. His eyes are bloodshot and the tip of his nose is red. Tony knows he's not much better off himself, and yet, Steve's the most gorgeous person he's ever seen.
"Fool me once and all that." And then, before Steve can really pay attention, Tony bashes their heads together and throws himself off the blond's lap.
Steve seems to catch onto it just as quickly, and there's a spark of surprise that flickers in his gaze. He continues his soft praises as Tony blows him, and while Tony's jaw is getting sore from the positioning, he's proud of the way he's able to pleasure the blond. Just a few more strokes and-
fated to be, I know what your rejection would do to him. It's selfish and unfair of me to ask you this, but if you're not serious about him, please don't string him along any further?"
Tony is floored by the command. One, he is not some frail damsel in distress and he doesn't need protection, thank you. Two, it's kind of hot that Steve would issue a command like that to his team, knowing they would follow his orders whatever they were.
that." Steve retorts easily enough, and judging by the eye-roll he's being given, he knows just what face he's making as he says it.
Steve knows he's gaping, openly. It's easy to forget that Sam has a background in counseling, because they've always been on the same side and always provided a united front.
The act causes for Steve to groan, his skin on fire from the lingering touch, and he finds himself thinking that this is just too good to be true. That's proven true when Tony, having realized what he did, pushes at Steve's chest until he's released and throws himself off of the bed to establish some space between them.
"Ultron, which you created." Wanda hisses, and it's the first time she's participated in their conversation. There is no warmth in her tone as she locks her gaze onto Tony, and Steve's glad her powers are quelled because there's no telling what she'd do.
"Because in every reality, when Thanos comes to destroy the universe, it's only Tony Stark that stands before him and success."
Tony is still clutching onto the Iron Patriot armor as he follows, and his mechanical boots are dragging across the cement. There's no way of seeing Tony's face through the Iron Man mask, but he's yet to turn away from Steve's back.
"You know what's not fair?" Tony asks, and he releases a bitter laugh as he raises a hand in Wanda's direction, "In Sokovia, your little witch friend showed me a vision in which I saw all of you die and I was told I could have done more. So I did. Ultron wasn't supposed to happen the way he did; but I did what I was manipulated into. And yet, I was the villain while all of you carted her around. I was the one who was used for resources to find the man who killed my mother without being told the whole story. I was the one who lost my best friend in a fight that shouldn't have happened because no one wanted to work together to find a goal. I was the one who went as a friend to Siberia and was left alone to bleed to death because 'Captain America can do no wrong.'"
Seeing as he's not being given much of a choice on the matter, Tony undoes his jeans and kicks them off, plopping dramatically onto the chair. Steve continues to frown as he crouches with a first aid kit in his hands, and dutifully remains silent as he takes care of the wound.
The silence is heavy, and there's a sense of mourning mixed in. Even without hearing it, they knew what kind of man Tony Stark was; but still, to have their fears confirmed isn't pleasant. It feels even worse for Steve; because his desire to protect Tony might not be enough for this.
"I can't. You know that." But even as he says it, his body starts crumbling down. He's surprised with his body's exhaustion, seeing as he's been known to go days without sleep when it came to his projects; and that was before he had something that he felt so strongly to protect.
The fight is intense; because while the team is trying to subdue Wanda without hurting her, Wanda's focus is entirely on Tony, and Tony's got it out for all of them.
"Then I hope you like Virginia because I'm staying for the rest of the week." Tony responds easily, and he turns his attention to the screen so he can pretend to block out their questioning eyes.
"Everything happened because of this man that all of you keep forgiving without any consequence!" Wanda continues, nearly bellowing in her anger.
"What do we do?" Wanda asks, gently replacing her little cup of tea and shifting her gaze from Steve to Tony.
Steve doesn't answer for a long time, focused on his task of ensuring Tony's leg doesn't need stitches after all. When he finishes, he leans forward and brushes a kiss right onto the surface of the bandage covering his leg, and Tony's body flushes with heat.
At first, he has all the control. Steve answers his kiss with an aching slowness, seemingly content with their progress or lack thereof. Tony, thinking that to be his cue to pull back so he doesn't show just how desperate he is, breaks their kiss and pulls back. When his eyelids flutter open, Steve's staring back at him, mouth slightly agape and cheeks flush.
"Is it not too late to stop him now?" Steve finds himself asking, his words coming out in a croak from the dryness of his throat.
"Sorry. Not into the murderous type." Tony says, his voice smooth even through the metallic voice mod.
And right now, he remembers the look of pure hatred on Wanda's face as she stops just before Steve and Tony.
Just as he's about to answer, Steve walks into the kitchen, looking all sorts of restless until his eyes fall onto Tony. He eyes Bucky in suspicion for the briefest moment, but his eyes return to Tony and there's so much
The first week together is awkward but manageable. Steve goes off to his super secret government job that Tony pretends he's not dying to learn more about. Tony works at his company and comes home late, pretending Pepper isn't as amused as she is.
Steve. So when Steve reaches to palm against Tony's clothed erection, Tony closes his hand around Steve's and shifts up to press a kiss onto the blond's forehead.
Finally, Wanda stands up and slams her hands onto the dining table, causing several plates and cups to clatter at the pressure, "If you want to give your lives and freedom up to a man who the world is better off without, you will do so without me. Vision, let's go."
Tony chuckles, but it's a labored one as he leans closer into Steve's touch, "When my chest was reconstructed, they put a metal plate in to keep my lungs from collapsing. Thor jostled it a little. I'll be alright; I just need a few minutes."
He holds a hand out between them, expecting for Steve to shake it, but really, he shouldn't be surprised that Steve takes the offered hand and pulls him into another searing kiss. Steve is a whirlwind of passion, he learns quickly, with Steve's teeth nipping at his lower tier and his hands caressing at Tony's waist. It's just as Tony parts his lips, wanting to give him just a little bit of a break, that Steve pulls himself away.
Grateful, Tony sits up in his bed and scoots back against the headboard. Really, he should've considered getting a burner phone years ago, if this was how it would end up.
It's at that moment that Sam gets up to get a refill of his coffee, so Tony nudges the stool beside him with his foot and slides his plate of breakfast over in front of it, "Come. Join us, Honeybear. Tell us all about your latest assignment."
So he takes it, and Tony is more than willing to give it. Their movements are graceful but hurried; and in the end, when they lay beside each other once more with Steve curled up around Tony protectively and Tony's quiet snoring filling the air, Steve thinks back to his conversation with Bucky. When he had first decided to follow Tony, he was content with just watching from the distance. He didn't want to rush anything, and he didn't want to spook Tony when the brunet made his thoughts clear. Something shifted along the way, starting from that night at the diner. One kiss was all it took; and while Tony had at first only wanted to meet up occasionally, they were now sharing a house, a bed, and a family.
"I'm sorry, Tony. We both did stuff back then we shouldn't have done, and that's the truth." Steve continues, and he's sure to keep Rhodey's name off his lips if it means sparing an old friend of that torment, "But we need you - I need you - to come home. There's no Avengers without you."
Tony's lips brush against Steve's, calm and slow, tasting the salt from their mingled tears but pushing past it to pour all of his affection into Steve's mouth. One soft lick is all it takes for Steve's mouth to go slack, and with a tilt of his head to deepen the kiss, Tony's tongue slides in and caresses Steve's. It's not as fierce as some of their earlier kisses, but with this, a barrier that had been up between them previously is lost. Tony continues pushing forward until he's straddling Steve's lap, and although they're both on the floor, neither of them seem to really mind.
Bucky chuckles, and Steve just stares at his best friend. There's truth in his words, of course. But -- was it as simple as that? His broken -- whatever it is -- with Tony, was it really just because he couldn't help himself from protecting his best friend? No. It was always more than that. He'd always chosen to protect someone else and leave Tony to protect himself.
He cuts himself off, lifting the shirt he's wearing enough for the jagged lines and circled scar on his chest to be shown. Steve's seen it once, of course, but the horror on his face as he hears the story is genuine. He's not the only one horrified, but for some reason, it's hard to look away when Steve's beautiful eyes look at him like that.
"Hey, Tony, we got time for breakfast before we hit the road?" Sam calls out, good naturedly, as he steps into the kitchen, and Tony feels himself tense.
He can't think about it for too long, though, because James leans back in his chair and crosses his arms over his chest. He's an alpha, too, and one that won't just silently sit back and obey. Steve decides he likes that about him, even though he can't tell what the man's thinking about just yet.
And he meant it. They still had to deal with Howard, and whatever past Steve had with Bucky, but Tony was starting to really see the kind of man Steve was. He didn't want to lose that. Even if fate were playing him like a joke, maybe this time, he would let it.
"Stand down." Tony says, and he feels Steve's confusion rather than sees it. Tony raises his voice, knowing the two that had just left the room wouldn't be too far to hear him, "Come back. He's a friendly."
"Not a chance, sweetheart." Steve replies, and he doesn't seem bothered by the fact that the kitchen is bustling with activity when he carries Tony in.
"That was my mom, Maria Carbonell." Tony tells her, and he's only too aware that the rest of the room has gone silent. He should've kept his mouth shut and he knew it, but the damage had been done. He knows he's told Steve about her being dead, and he knows Natasha is aware of it, but did the rest have any actual idea of what his story was?
A whole day passes without a sign of the genius, who actually shuts and locks the garage door so he won't be disturbed as he designs -- whatever it is he's designing. Steve's concerened and hurt, of course, but there really isn't much he can do about it. He calls James, grateful that Bucky had managed to get the soldier's number, and is only told with fond exasperation that Tony does this whenever he has an idea; that it's best for all of them and their collective sanity that they just give him some space until he's ready to come out on his own.
finds the pack in the kitchen, with Bruce cooking up waffles and bacon with eggs and Tony sitting at the counter with nothing but a mug of coffee in his hands. Steve had already tried to encourage (force) him to eat, but Tony just angled his body so he wouldn't have to see the disappointed look Steve's wearing. As exaspertated as Steve is by his lack of self-care, the blond still manages a light guffaw. He doesn't push it much further for the moment, but Tony can tell he's not getting up from his seat until he's at least had
"Since you left New York," Steve answers, and Tony's eyebrows fly upwards, concealed by his curly hair. Steve looks up at him, and his expression is neutral, but there's this heavy emotion hidden in his gaze as he too leans back and mimics Tony's position, "You wanted your freedom so I didn't want to push you, but you're also my mate and I didn't want to be too far in case something happened to you."
Is that right? Tony gets free food and he might get his unwanted suitor out of his life? How could he possibly let that opportunity pass? He looks at the space beside Steve, and at the seat across from Steve. They're both uninviting and there's another man sitting across from Steve and looking at him with scorn in his expression, but yeah, he'll take that seat.
Sam, having taken a little too long to think about it, turns his head quickly in Bruce's direction, "
"Steve!" He calls, a little rougher this time and wincing at the pain shooting through his arm, "It's me. Tony. You're safe, honey."
Tony's heart shatters, then, because he hadn't even thought about it like that. He hates himself for hurting Steve as much as he does. Marking each other, having sex -- they were bonded now, and it was because Tony urged him that he went through with it. After all, it was Tony who was taking advantage of Steve, not the other way around.
The car pulls up right in front of him, and the front windshield is clear enough for Tony to see Steve's face through it. He's in the front passenger seat, looking tired but surprised like he can't tell why Tony's still there and looking at them. He sees Natasha, too, sitting behind in the driver's seat with her lips curled into a smirk. Of course she'd be amused by this.
Coffee momentarily forgotten, Tony turns around and is met with a broad chest, covered in a thin grey tee-shirt that is nearly soaked through from sweat. He swallows hard, forcing his eyes all the way up to where he meets Steve's gaze.
"Never." Steve says with finalty, and his own gaze is stern, "I won't press you, Tony. I'll wait until you're ready to come back on your own."
"I-" He's not about to reject Steve, of course. He's just about to agree, and to tell Steve that he's having trouble understanding his thoughts, but his voice is swallowed up whole when Steve surges forward.
Steve grips the alpha harder and throws him to the floor, issuing a strong kick to his side. The alpha gasps and crawls away, fingers stretching for the blade. Steve kicks him again and the alpha recoils and wraps his arms around himself to block off any more attacks. Steve picks up the knife and with his other hand, curls his fingers tightly around the back of the suit jacket and drags the alpha out of the room and down the corridor.
“I don’t. I’ve broken every promise I’ve ever made. But I won’t make that same mistake. I swear I won’t leave you again. I won’t hurt you anymore.”
He takes her out of the nursery and toward the master bedroom. Steve is already out of the shower and sitting on the edge of the bed, still dressed in his pajamas and surrounded by the clothes he’s picked out for the evening.
Very few words are shared while they dress and work on making themselves presentable. The last they need is to be discovered and find themselves the story of the week on every news tabloid.
Harley decides to rush in at this very moment to complain about the cut on his knee. Tony sets his coffee mug down to console his hysterical son.
Peter frowns at the pang of jealousy he feels toward his friend at this moment. The last time he had been this jealous was when they were six and Ned had a cool comic book. It was dumb but they were just kids then.
Peter instantly calms down the moment he’s back in his father’s arms and the bottle is placed to his lips. He sucks greedily, drowning down the warm liquid. Tony chuckles at his eagerness.
His upper half is mostly clear from any bruises, but his middle is what captures his attention. The small curve of his belly is discolored. Steve brushes his fingers against one of the bruises there, hissing through gritted teeth from the tenderness.
Maybe he should have tried harder to get Steve to open up, but Steve was fragile and broken. It was going to take more than just one talk to get him comfortable. Baby steps and patience. It was all Tony could do.
“He’s gonna wake up and I’m blaming you...again.” Tony shifts, grunting softly from the throb in his lower back. He shoves Steve’s hand away and adjusts the large pregnancy pillow he’s been sleeping with for the past few months. Steve huffs out a small laugh and shakes his head. “What?” Tony questions. “You know I need this to sleep.”
The news of Tony’s pregnancy is shared the following day. Rule of thumb was to hold off on the announcement until after the first trimester, but Steve had blown it when he failed to hide his giddiness during breakfast. Of course it was Tony who really let the cat out of the bag when he threw up said breakfast.
She can still hear the sound of the building falling apart, but it’s the heavy breathing in her ear that motivates her to move faster.
“Will he come back?” Peter asks. He’s curled up beside his uncle, head resting on Bucky’s shoulder and eyes growing heavy.
For the first time in God knows how long, Steve was starting to feel like himself. The last time he felt this way was back before Hydra and the mess he found himself in. Life had been hard back then for a small omega, but it was his best friend that helped him through it. Bucky meant everything to him. It was always going to be Bucky.
For the most part the run starts off normal. Steve pushes himself a little harder than usual, which of course doesn’t go unnoticed by Sam. They don’t mean to compete with each other, but it usually ended up that way.
. He didn’t even know these pups and already he was calling them his. Back when he had first met Steve and learned about the pup the omega was carrying, Tony had been ready to care for them both, even if the pup wasn’t his. These pups weren’t ones he’s sired, but that didn’t matter. He’d still be their father.
Tony arrives as soon as he can, and he’s brought Bruce with him. Happy greets them immediately and ushers them to the bedroom where Steve has been for a majority of the day. Happy explains the situation but Tony doesn’t hear all of him. All of his attention is on his omega.
His stomach tightens again, but it’s the pressure deep in his pelvis that has Steve crying out. He grits his teeth and squeezes his eyes shut. The pressure is worse than the cramping. He forces himself to breathe through it, desperately waiting for it to pass. The feeling only worsens until finally it's diminishing and he’s able to relax again.
Steve smiles at his son and reaches out for him, wrapping his arms around his tiny body and bringing him down so that he can kiss his messy brown hair.
Tony growls and props himself up on his hands, leaning in to nose around Steve’s neck and tease his bond mark. Steve moans louder, his body shuddering when the sensitive place on his neck is touched. Tony bites down on the mark, and Steve comes with a scream, his body growing taut and his cock spilling between them.
He’s sitting in the living room, hunched over the coffee table and going through the same files she had seen him reading the day prior. She’s almost hesitant to approach him. He seems stressed and on edge.
“Thanks, Buck.” Steve accepts the gift, studying the stuffed animal for a moment before gently placing it down in his lap.
Out of all the times they’ve gathered in this room, none of them ever imagined it would be after burying one of their own. The day had been one of the most difficult any of them have ever had to endure. It didn’t even compare to the grueling missions they’ve had in the past.
Maybe Tony should’ve pushed more and refused Steve’s request to go home instead of being looked over. But again, Steve was stubborn and Tony had no choice but to take Steve up to their private quarters. They compromise, though. Steve promised to get looked over if he felt it was necessary.
Harley was the same way. He could walk on his own, but he too struggled to form words and communicate properly. The pups were going to need a lot of love, care, and therapy. Steve would be there for them every step of the way.
Steve wanted to be there for that. He wanted to see his son graduate high school and then college. Meet someone and fall in love; start a family and be happy with the life he’s created.
It hasn’t fully sunk in that they were parents. The proof was right in front of them, and yet they still struggled to believe it. Steve especially was having the hardest time.
Peter nods his head frantically. “I totally understand that, Mr. Stark. I’m still trying to figure this out too. It’s weird and confusing and...I don’t know. I’m excited though. I mean you’re you and it’s so cool that you’re my dad!”
Peter shakes his head and his index finger finds its way into his mouth, the nail is chewed away nervously. “No. Just don’t-”
They stay like this for sometime, only breaking apart when there’s a knock on their door. Sam kisses Bucky’s head and excuses himself to answer it. Natasha and Bruce are in the hallway.
“It’ll take time. We can just go on more dates. Let’s make it a once a week thing if we can. You need a break from being a full time mommy.”
“Tony.” Steve frowns and sits up. He doesn’t understand where the shift in Tony’s attitude was coming from. All day Tony had been smiling and laughing, clearly enjoying himself at the shower. “That was never my intention. Natasha wanted to throw you a shower, that’s it. It was a celebration for our son. I know you’re happy.”
“Brock Rumlow is contained,”Natasha explains and Tony looks to her. “He’s being interrogated as we speak.”
“Just go away. I don’t want to see you ever again.” Peter lifts his head to glare in his dad’s direction. “It’s all your fault.”
He can’t even focus on the new tech designs and he throws his tools down on the workbench. His eyes glance in the direction of the untouched glass of scotch. Turning to alcohol was something Tony needed working on, but it was his coping mechanism. That and working all night in his lab. And when he combined those two things...well, the outcome was never good. He’s lost count of how many times Pepper has scolded him.
The moment he arrives on campus, Peter wants to jump back into the car and ask Happy to drive him home, but he had already told his papa he was fine.
But he was wrong. His body betrayed him just like it had used to do in the past. The two miscarriages and stillbirth were all because of him. He tried to do everything right and care for the children he had been blessed with, only to fail and hurt them in the end. It was all his fault.
It only takes a few knocks before Natasha is opening her door. The smile she greets him with never failed to put one on his face in the past, but even she can’t help him now.
It’s cheesy, he knows this, and yet he can’t help it. He loved Steve, more than he should. They were just teammates, maybe even friends. But lovers? Nah. That would never happen.
But then a loud boom fills the base and Peter freezes, his spidey senses alerting him of another threat. But this time it’s not from inside the walls.
It’s not until his last day with Peter does Tony decide to be the bigger person and fix the issue. Steve is cold when he answers the door, but he surprises Tony by allowing him in. Tony was sure Steve would’ve taken their son and slammed the door in his face.
Whenever he disappears to his lab to work, Steve just assumes he’s upgrading or repairing suits. Sometimes he is doing those things, but most of his time is used researching. He changes the passcode to his lab so that Steve doesn’t accidentally walk in on him and discover the truth. Steve could never know.
Morgan’s eyes flutter open at the sound of his voice and lets out a yawn. Tony chuckles and reaches for one of her hands, gently brushing his fingers along her smaller ones. Morgan is wide awake now.
This time Peter stirs and the room falls silent again. Dark eyes flutter before opening and staring straight ahead. Natasha continues to rub his head.
He eventually complied, deciding that one more contribution wouldn’t hurt. From what he knew about this organization, they were trying to change the world. Like he hasn’t heard that before. Everyone was trying to change the world. And yet no one had actually done it. At least, not entirely. He too was on that list. He wanted to make the world a better place with the tech he created. It was a step up from his days manufacturing weapons.
James still has his moments when he becomes protective, but he’s gotten better. Sarah and Harley were no longer behind and every day they were learning new words to say.
“I need you.” Tony leans forward until their foreheads are pressed together. “I want you so bad. And it’s not just because of my rut.”
“Is she okay?” Steve snaps his head back in the direction of the tiny screen, completely forgetting that Tony was still on the line. “Steve? Hon?”
Tony steps away from the conversation to find a snack for them both. He frowns when he opens his fridge and finds it low on supplies. He didn’t consider himself much of a chef and didn’t bother preparing meals unless he wanted to burn the tower to the ground, but now that he had a kid to look after, he might as well start making a grocery list.
With a sigh of defeat, Steve gives up and rolls onto his back, eyes transfixed on the ceiling above him. His mind doesn’t stop racing with thoughts about Tony and the life they created. They weren’t supposed to have crossed that line. They were teammates first and then friends. But friends wasn’t a word anyone would use to describe them. They didn’t work.
“Thank you,” he replies, making sure his voice sounds wounded. He could stop wearing the fake smile now.
Steve bites back a groan when the pain happens again. He’s trying to time them just in case. Passages from the baby book pop into his head. He was fine as long as his water didn’t-
With his parents finally backing off and giving them room to breathe, Peter shuts his bedroom door and leans into the wood, a relieved sigh escaping him. Flash is standing awkwardly in the middle of the room, drenched in water and still looking scared out of his mind.
"Hey guys, I'm here. What's-" Clint started, running down the stairs and sliding to a halt in the open control room. He cut himself off when he saw the state of the lab room.
Tony continually glanced back, checking to see the reaction on Steve's face at the long and confusing lecture on how various chemicals balanced out others, and other random chemistry facts. When Steve got too confused, Tony slyly got up and shifted to the empty seat at Steve's lab table.
"You think it's so impossible," Steve said, "then turn around and look in that lab, and tell me that doesn't look absolutely impossible right before your eyes."
"That's why I think we should start working on it tonight," Bruce said, and Tony gave him a look of exasperation. "What? It's a Friday night, I know for a fact that none of us have anything going on," Tony was still giving him the look, "yes, even you, Mr. Perfect. We have the entire weekend to observe results, and the lab, whatever we try, is due on Monday."
"...a green rage monster," Natasha finished, her voice eerily calm among the calamity of the current events.
Clint's arms dropped his arms to his side, practically melting at the sight of his old friend. "What did you guys do to him?" He mumbled, monotone, running over to Bruce. He put an arm around him, taking off his jacket and putting it over Bruce's shoulder.
The only thing that could be even slightly made out from the cloudy room on the other side of the glass was a huge figure, standing almost ten feet tall, its body heaving with heavy breathing.
Steve laughed. "Yeah, sorry. Here you go." He gave Clint the fiberglass, and turned his head toward Natasha. "Holy-!"
When Steve turned his head back around, Tony was nearly on top of him, pinning him against the control panel. He could feel Tony's breath on his neck as Tony muttered, "I'm sure that Banner's experiment is not as thrilling as you had hoped. Maybe," he let out a long sigh, tickling the hairs on the back of Steve's neck, "maybe we should put on an experiment of our own, Captain."
"A Hulk," Bruce finished, finally able to use the term. "I became a big green rage monster, as Tony calls it. And I'm ashamed to say that the lab back there was my doing. I threw them both against the glass, and smashed around a bit before I finally became... human again."
Steve swallowed hard, feeling the awkward moment form in a sweat that dripped down his back. Once he recollected his thoughts, he followed a bit of a ways back, Bruce and Tony leading him from the majestic foyer to a chamber of stairs. Down the stairs, they weaved through a maze of high-tech, modern-looking labs. The group passed a few labs littered with excess parts of robotics projects before they finally came to their lab.
More of Steve's touches on his skin, and more of Steve's love. Steve, however, doesn't seem to get the hint. He's still leisurely licking at the mark he's left, and he's nosing along the side of Tony's neck like he just can't get enough of Tony's scent mixed with his, and it's so loving and so teasing at the same time that it's starting to drive Tony crazy from desire.
"Trust me. I won't be able to keep anything I eat right now down." Tony answers without looking, and he's still wheezing hard.
Okay. Well, If Howards text was ominous, Pepper's was just plain terrifying. It did come with instructions, though. Watch the news, then call. Okay. He can do that.
"Is there something going on that I don't know about?" Tony asks, raising an eyebrow in question because he just needs to know what, exactly, he's done wrong.
"So let me guess how much Howard's paying you to follow me." Tony says between grit teeth, standing at the foot of the booth where Steve and his packmates are sitting. There are stacks of empty plates on the table and one full plate remaining, and Tony can't understand why the thought of that bugs him.
"That doesn't change the fact you created a monster!" Wanda shoots back, her patience fading spectacularly as she stands from her chair.
When he comes out of the bathroom, Steve and Bucky are having dinner. Tony doesn't join them, even though there's a third plate waiting there for him, and even though Steve is looking in his direction in a silent plea. Tony doesn't eat much anyway, and that's what he tells himself when he turns and walks back into the bedroom instead.
And then, the sanctum disappears and they're all staring up at a log cabin seemingly in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by woods and a beautiful lake, with a chimney that's blowing smoke into the air.
?" Tony asks, mortified, horrified, terrified, petrified -- all the fied's, "Why the hell would you follow me for two fucking years? Don't you guys have -- lives?"
So, he goes to Steve's apartment. It's probably half his at this point, but he's not sure where his relationship with Steve is standing. The blond can turn around and kick him to the curb at any moment, and Tony's just waiting for the shoe to drop.
And fuck him, Steve does. The lube comes from his nightstand, and Tony doesn't ask when he got it or how long it's been sitting there because then he'll be wondering why they haven't had sex until now and that's just depressing. He kisses Tony deeply as his finger traces around the brunet's rim, and when Tony bites at his lower lip in retaliation for the teasing, Steve slips a finger in.
No one was able to see her coming, unfortunately; and seeing that she has such strong telepathic abilities, she's able to use that dagger-shaped metal to pierce Tony's chest. If her aim had been slightly off, she'd have caught Steve in the crossfire.
He wants the touch, just doesn't want to ask for it in case Tony is uncomfortable giving it. While Tony isn't a virgin in any sense of the word, a nervous giddiness fills him at the idea of pleasuring Steve. He trails his hand up to Steve's crotch, palming the erection that presses against Steve's black sweatpants. The muscle twitches under his grip, and then Steve's hand reaches out to still him.
Tony doesn't answer, just shifts forward until he's on the ground with the alpha. Steve watches, his jaw set and his eyes wavering with unshed tears. Tony wonders what it would take to reassure Steve that
Even if that meant giving up his phone, his custom-built home in Malibu, his only two friends, and all the expensive liquor he could ever want, this was the life he preferred over the one
"How did she pass?" Thor asks, and its an innocent question. Tony knows it, but he can't help the way he curls in on himself defensively. It's not really the kind of thing to talk about at dinner with strangers.
"Just a leg. Good thing I've got two." Tony answers in a joking manner. He's always had an issue with staying serious and that's always been part of him. Unfortunately, it doesn't sit well with the Captain.
"For what it's worth, Tony," Natasha begins, laying her hands on the table and lacing her fingers in a thoughtful pose, "I'm sorry for what happened between you and me."
"Compromise?" Steve blinks, but the fact that Tony isn't denying him outright seems to be giving him some comfort.
They're crouched, ready to fight whoever is coming at them. It shouldn't come as a surprise to them when an armored body flies into the building and lands on two feet, the same way it always does. It's almost a familiar armor, though instead of the red and gold that they're all used to, this armor is black with just the slightest traces of red.
There's still Obadiah to deal with, and whatever tension Tony had with his father; but their bond has only grown since the first time they met. They might not know how to get around everything yet; but they have each other, a whole pack that he
"I've seen it." Steve answers, and that rueful little grin is back as he finally leans away, "If it makes you feel any better about this, I had no idea of who you were when I met you last night."
Sam is the first to react, and he bodily slams into Wanda to distract her. It works, but the suit is still farther than would be a safe distance away.
Steve has Clint on Tony watch; not that he's afraid Tony will run away again but because the very idea of Tony being alone again disturbs what little peace he's still holding onto, and the rest of them hole up in the kitchen to be prepared for whatever else is to come. Nobody's slept since Tony disappeared into the garage, waiting on the sidelines in case he needed their help; but Steve is anxious and unsettled.
"That was before Extremis." Natasha answers with a shake of her head. Again, she's the only one who seems to really know anything about the newest strand of the serum that had initially created Captain America, "Extremis uses nanotechnology and computer coding that rewires the brain. As of right now, Tony is more like an android than a human."
"You might want to tell him that." Pepper answers with a scoff, raising her hands to rest them on her hips, "He's been calling every day since your, frankly stupid, PR disaster. I mean, really, Tony. Did you
When the sobs quiet down fully and the tears stop falling, Tony is suddenly aware of the situation. Steve, who barely knows him, is letting him cry against him and ruin his clothes with tears and snot. He's embarrassed by his own lack of control. He tries to pull back, to try and regain some of his dignity, but Steve has a grip around him that's so tight he almost feels like a boa constrictor.
Just for that moment, the world fades away and leaves just Steve and Tony staring at each other. It's such a fragile moment between them; covered with scars and damaged tissue that can't be repaired by words or actions or time. There's no telling what Tony will do in retaliation, either. If he really wanted to, Tony could kill Steve before the rest of the team had a second to react; and Steve would let him.
"-and then she stabbed him in the eye!" Clint exclaims, and while the rest of the table bursts into laughter, Tony only manages to force a smile.
"And here I thought I'd be watching wrestling with my breakfast," complains Clint, and he huffs a little as he drowns his waffle in syrup. The rest of the pack ignores him pointedly, but Rhodey's eyes glint over.
Then, Tony closes the distance between himself and Bucky and raises a hand, awkwardly patting Bucky's shoulder, "I'm hoping that means we're past the time I blasted your arm off."
Tony's lips are warm, a reminder that he's still alive and right in front of him. It should make him feel better, but it really doesn't.
Tony shifts and walks away towards the Iron Patriot armor, his fingers caressing the metal components with the reverence of a lover, "I know all about Wakanda and what you've been up to. Why do you think you weren't hunted down like the fugitives you were?"
Tony lets out a sound like a choked sob, and when Steve looks up at him, his heart stops. Like this, with tears running down his face and his face crumpled in absolute sorrow, Tony is easily the most beautiful thing or person he's ever seen. He's a little guilty about causing such an emotional response in the brunet, but it relieves him to know Tony hasn't given up on them.
They lapse into silence as they finish their sandwiches, and they share the glass of juice between them without even thinking twice about it. It's a comfortable silence, and Tony's unable to stop thinking about how
"All of you put your lives at risk following me around without knowing what it would cost." Tony replies, calm despite the tremor of his hands, and his eyes are focused on Steve, "I can figure out a way to fight them after I get this done, but if doing this means no harm comes to you, it's a no brainer."
Tony hears himself snickering as he pictures it, knowing it would be an effective use of those youthful looks. He wasn't expecting for Steve to be such a little shit about it, though.
Yeah, their surprise is expected, considering Tony's spent years on his own and they don't know who the newcomer is; but it doesn't stop the downright glee that errupts from his chest when Rhodey walks in through the back door, heading straight for the kitchen. Still in his uniform and wearing a grimace that shows just how tired he is, Rhodey's eyes sweep the room just once before they land on Tony.
"Cap?" Tony returns, and that flicker of amusement returns as he turns to his former leader, "Or should I call you
He almost wishes he missed that, because all that his brain thinks about is that man Steve had looked so torn up about. All he can think for a moment is that he just had to go and talk to his friend about whatever happened. He had no right to be, and he knew it; but still, Tony knew what jealousy felt like. It wasn't pleasant, and especially when coupled with the guilt in his chest.
But while those are his words of protest, Tony can feel it in the mate bond that Steve doesn't actually want to leave, either. The exhaustion radiates off of him in waves, and he's not the only one who looks like they're aching for more sleep. Tony runs a hand through his hair as he thinks it through, knowing he doesn't actually have any plans on where to go from here.
Tony asks, and he feels the dread pool deep in his gut. There's only one kind of favor Obadiah would be asking of him.
Steve looks at him for another moment, and then leans forward and wraps his muscled arms around Tony, and he's practically squeezing Tony against him, pressing soothing kisses to the top of the brunet's head, "I know, and I'm so proud of you. Thank you for trying, sweetheart."
They both know they have a deadline approaching and very few options. Tony can't sleep, not with threats of Howard and Obadiah and the Jericho hanging over his head.
Now while he's new to the husbandry thing, he can't help the concern that fills him. Does that mean Steve actually had gotten hurt? Didn't that mean that he failed in his duty to make it safer for him?
“But, Tony Stark is needed to save the universe.” Stephen concludes, and he turns his gaze to Wanda as if daring her to contradict him, “Any one of you can be replaced, at the end of the day; but there will be no universe left standing if Tony Stark isn’t on our side.”
Bruce's lips twitch ever so slightly, though Tony can't entirely tell if it's out of amusement or frustration. Bruce is a scientist, much like Tony, but his expertise lies in biological sciences and the study of gamma rays.
He flies to Brooklyn instead of taking a car, since there's no point in putting this off any longer. He stops a safe distance away, ducks into an alley to fold the suit up again, and finishes the rest of the way on foot.
“You think he’s a monster?” Clint asks, his eyebrows drawn and his fingers clenched into a tight fist, “Sure. The guy’s an asshole and sure, we can’t always see eye to eye with him when it comes to our beliefs; but the guy’s never done anything with the intention of hurting people. For fuck sakes, the moment he learned his weapons were being used against his own country, the dude shut down the entire weapon’s manufacturing division where he made most of his money.”
"Anthony, you do not look so well," Thor cuts in, and Tony wonders when the last time was that he let himself look so vulnerable, "Perhaps you should-"
I just wanted to say I really love all your comments. I love feedback and knowing where and what to improve on. I know there’s a lot going on and if you’re not tired of it yet I’m grateful. I hope this chapter was enjoyable. Thanks for sticking around.
It takes a moment, but he can hear that Steve is still crying, and it causes Tony's heart to break once more. His face is still buried in the crook of Tony's neck, and his fingernails are actually curled so tightly into Tony's skin that they're cutting him, but Tony doesn't mind. In a sad, twisted sort of way, he thought he was lucky to have found a man willing to cry with him as a mate.
for Tony to turn around and give up. Tony's never given him enough reassurance to think otherwise, and that's on him, but he just hates how the one step Steve takes away from him makes it feel like there's an ocean of space between them.
"welcome to the land of the living!" Sam calls, cheerful yet sarastic, and there's the briefest roll of his eyes added onto it.
His lips are still a little raw from the night before, but Tony doesn't mind the rough bites on them or the way their teeth knock against each other, and he sure as hell doesn't mind when Steve's tongue manages to swirl around his like he wants to taste every inch of Tony.
Steve turns again at the sound of his sob, and his eyes widen every so slightly, the saddest of smiles tugging at the corners of his lips as he ducks down and presses another kiss to Tony's lips.
James turns his head, but just slightly. His eyes fall onto Bucky for a split second, but he moves on quickly to look Steve in the eye. He's smiling, still, but the softness that was there when Tony was present is gone. James looks like he may be contemplating murder.
"Off you go, Avengers." Stephen muses, and he doesn't look like he's in any way interested in fighting alongside them, "For the sake of the universe, I hope your optimism doesn't fail."
"You weren't here." Tony says, vehemently and with his shoulders dropping forward, "None of you were here. You left me a phone and a letter - like an afterthought. You left me alone."
"Steve." He pants out as he tries to pull away, and while the blond's hand stops momentarily to pay attention, he's still nipping at the mark.
Tony turns his head back to the television, his lips curled into a grimace. Well, he did once tell himself he'd never go back while his dad were still alive. At least he upheld that end of his bargain. His eyes turn back to where Steve is, then; and he feels the anguish and grief radiating off of the blond. It reminds him of how Steve had told him he was once friends with the old man. As much as Tony couldn't stand Howard, Steve was still allowed to grieve over him.
"Put the puppy dog eyes away, Steve." Tony scoffs, but it's playful and added together with a light brushing of his shoulder against Steve's. He hopes the blond will take it as a sign of playfulness and not defiance.
Steve releases his dick with a loud pop, the smug bastard, but the idea of Steve sucking him off is such a turn on. He gives the blond's hair another tug, beckoning him back up his body, and Steve goes willingly. They share another kiss, and Tony moans at the taste of his own spend on Steve's lips, his hands going down to cup Steve's beautifully sculpted ass.
"There is only one person in this world who Tony Stark believes he still has on his side." Stephen answers, "She continues to attempt to placate him over the death of James Rhodes, and in two days time, when she tells him he is only human and it is his right to grieve over someone he's lost, he will allow the Extremis in his veins to take over and remove every last trace of his humanity."
"She's beautiful." Someone says all of a sudden, and Tony's eyes turn to Wanda, who is looking over at the same painting he's staring at. She has a glass of wine in her hands, her lipstick smeared onto the rim, "Who is it?"
James takes a moment to drag a hand over his face, and then he sighs deeply. His eyes focus on Bucky's again; Bucky, who hasn't said a single word and this really isn't expected. There's something meaningful in the glance they share, and Steve almost feels like he's intruding on a moment between them.
Despite not knowing each other very long and having a rocky start to their relationship, Tony finds himself falling a little more in love with Steve than he originally anticipated.
But for the first few days of the week, it works. Then on Wednesday, when he gets home and the pair are sitting on the couch watching a baseball game, the game is cut off by an emergency broadcast that has all three tense.
"Don't you dare act like you've had no part to play in it." Tony hisses back. It's the first time he's verbally responded to her negativity; and Steve wonders why she was possibly able to get under his skin in the first place.
Rhodey, having sat mostly silent for the duration of their little show, tilts his head just a little bit, "Huh. I think you've found your people, Tones."
Even on her own with limited experience and a lack of stability, Wanda is a powerful fighter. Without his shield, he can't dodge her attacks well but still manages to duck and roll when she gets too close. Steve falls into a crouch and Bucky uses his back as leverage to get closer, throwing his metal arm in a swing, but he gets knocked back easily. As cool as a metal arm is, it's still somewhat heavy. Sam manages to swoop in and catch him before he hits the ground too hard. Again, Steve is wildly relieved that Sam is part of their team.
Tony had been through hell and back. From a childhood with Howard, to Obadiah and capture in Afghanistan, to Vanko and Palladium poisoning, to flying a nuke into a portal above New York City - not to mention helping in the wake of the destruction caused by Ultron and then dealing with Killian and the Mandarin. Tony was always so strong in the past, how could Stephen even suggest that?
But as he reaches the doorknob of the room he'd been given, his stomach grumbles. It's been days since his last meal, since it's hard to find anything other than junk food, but he can't help but glower at his stomach and its poor timing. There's really not much to it, though; it's simple, he needs to go find food.
"Steve!" He bites out, his head thrown back and his hands clenched and curled into the bedsheets behind him. And then Steve does a thing with his tongue, flickering it against his slit, and he reaches his hand out quickly, fisting in Steve's hand and giving it a rough yank, "Ke-keep that up and we won't be able to d-do anything el-se."
While he calls Steve honey from time to time, it's the first time Steve's called him with a term of endearment of his own. Maybe they are getting a little further in their relationship, after all.
"If Mister Stark can create something like Ultron by chance out of good intentions," Vision speaks up, his voice low and tired and fearful all at once, "one could only imagine what he would create, with purpose and bad intentions."
From next to where they're sitting, an orange circle cuts into the air. Considering he knows who he's about to face, Steve bites back a grimace. He nods over to Bucky and Sam, because they're still holding onto Wanda. They still have to figure out what to do so that she
Tony feels the guilt spreading in his chest without his acknowledgement. Sure, the whole fate business and finding out he had a mate and finding out who that mate is didn't do good things to him. Sure, Tony spent the last few years running away from Steve and from his own father, but as far as things went, Steve was really trying to hold onto him. He might not have gone about it in the right way, but it wasn't like Tony was giving him another way to get close to him.
Steve presses a finger to his lips and pushes against Tony's mouth. Confused, Tony just sits back and raises an eyebrow in question, "It's too public here. Go to the bathroom. I'll meet you there."
Careful not to jostle the blond too much, Tony moves his hand from where it's trapped between Steve's hip and underarm and brings it up to trace his fingertips across the blond's features. Even asleep, there's so much love and warmth radiating off of the alpha that it feels like Tony is swimming in it.
Steve feels his heart clench, because the hatred in which Wanda’s voice is saturated in isn’t becoming of a hero. Sure, Tony’s made plenty of mistakes before and during his career as a superhero; but if he’s necessary to save the world, that should be enough of a cause to help him in whatever way they could.
we can do?" Steve asks, and he ignores the crack in his voice. They all do. There has to be something they can do to make sure they don't become Tony's weakness.
Wanda doesn't die quickly. The monks and Stephen won't allow it; and while Steve hates the idea of having a teammate that's just claimed a statement that had his entire heart clench in the memories it brought, keeping her alive would give them answers.
"I don't want you." Wanda hisses to the group, and with another burst of power, she brings the ceiling down.
Pepper is silent for a long while. Tony imagines her tucking a strand of hair behind her ear, or running her fingers through the ends of her messy bedhead. She's been like this since they had first met as children, and yet always so good at maintaining a poker face when it mattered.
They stop at what looks like a long dining table. There's no food in sight, though that's not really a concern for Steve right now. After all, who could eat after a morning like the one they've had?
wow. we're at the ten chapter mark. i don't think i've had this much muse to get a story done in years. i've got a lot more ideas i'm working on; including a stripper au, mafia au and a robbers-vs-robbers au. unfortunately, i have no idea how long this story is going to be, so those will have to wait. anyway. i rectified the lack of rhodey. sometimes we just need a little bit of iron patriot to get through the day.
"You don't get it, do you?" Tony asks; and his voice is cold and frustrated as he shifts his gaze back to the group, "If Obadiah knows you were with me -Howard
He's still sitting on Clint's bed hours later when Bucky enters the room without so much as a knock. He takes one good look at Steve's face and takes a seat across from the blond on what had been Wanda's bunk. She had always felt safer with Clint nearby.
But sometimes, that's just the way it is. The Avengers were a team made up of strong personalities and solo fighters who were forced to put their differences aside at least to protect the people that couldn't fight for themselves. When they got their teamwork together and put their pride aside, there was no one in the universe with enough conviction to defeat them.
Tony leans forward in contemplation, hands tucked under his chin and his eyes glinting as an entirely fake smile crosses his expression, "You've been betraying me since you showed up in my company as Natalie Rushman. I'm used to it by now."
Despite the growing need between them, Steve starts out slow and gentle. It takes Tony some time to adjust to his length inside of him, but when the hisses run out and are replaced by appreciative moans, Steve begins to move again. He's really just rocking into Tony, taking his time and making sure he's not too fast or too rough when Tony's still adjusting to the feeling of it. In retaliation, Tony rolls his hips forward, and it catches Steve by surprise. He moans, a low, primal type of moan, as he pulls himself back so that just his tip is inside Tony. Tony whines, like he doesn't want it to be over so soon, but then Steve slams into him, and Tony feels his vision going in and out. His jaw going slack and his head thrown back, Tony just focuses on the way Steve feels inside of him.
When Tony Stark wakes up, he can't hold back the quiet groan that's building in his throat. It's not unexpected, considering just how much alcohol he'd consumed the night before. It was a big day, after all.
It's breakfast time. Clint is humming as he flips another pancake onto an awaiting tray. Sam is hovering nearby and staring rather intently at the pancakes like he's just waiting to devour an entire stack. Steve has just come in from his morning run, because he lived for schedules. Wanda was nursing a cup of tea and preparing another for Natasha, who had just walked in. Vision is sitting next to her, pretending to have some interest in the way of humans. Scott was on his phone, excitedly telling Cassie that he'd be able to see her in a few days. Bucky was sitting at the kitchen island, metal hand curled around a coffee mug that they all knew had once been Tony's.
The growing want pools in Tony's lower stomach as his arms wrap tightly around Steve's shoulders. His nails are blunt as they drag acoss the broad shoulders, but Steve doesn't seem to mind so much. In fact, he's moaning even louder with the faintest pressure Tony's adding.
"I told you I don't want to hurt you anymore, Steve," Tony replies, just as quiet, and his eyes are searching Steve's expression. Knowing more now than he did the day before, after speaking with Bucky, he can just see how much of his heart Steve was wearing on his sleeve.
It's giving him a lot to think about, that's for sure. Tony finishes the rest of his second mug of coffee, and only watches as Bucky rises to refill their mugs again.
"I still think we should go in there with the intention of saving both." Steve decides, and it's such a naïve way of thinking that Tony would really be mocking him for if they were on the same side; but they're Avengers and at the end of the day, even if they can't save everyone, they'd try their damned best to.
"What am I supposed to do with that, Steve?" Tony asks, and despite his composed expression, there's this miserable, lonely undercurrent in his tone, "I can't trust you. You can't trust me. We're only here together right now because Strange told you you need me."
Tony gave a dry chuckle at Steves reference to his obvious dooms day paranoia. Steve wondered how “dooms day” life could even get after Thanos.
But that doesn’t matter right now because he is not making excuses for himself. Bucky was definitely there when he needed him back and in knowing what was true he tried to defend him, pay it forward but he wounded another important relationship in the process.
Everything was falling into place. And after returning the last Stone to its place on a planet called Morag, steve set the dial to his time stamp where he intended to meet Tony. Here goes everything, he thought as he slapped his palm down on the button and was thrusted forward in time.
He hoped he didnt look like he didnt care about the people back there grieving and he hoped Sam would just see it as he cared too much and couldnt sit in a place that tore him apart from the inside out.
But it was beautiful and even though the sky had gotten slighty overcast the day was still bright and it just illuminated everything.
Seeing his car at the far side of the driveway, hugging the grass line to give other vehicles of people who came to the funeral more room to park, he headed in that direction as he stepped out the door.
He pulled into the rocky driveway, hearing the rocks crunch under the weight of the tires. The first thing he saw was the beautiful house against the back drop of the crystal, still lake behind it. The over all scean of the foresty trees and foliage in its full opacity as it was early summer made the scenery even more pleasing as Steve brought his car to a park next to one of the cars, obviously Tonys by the over the top sports car vibe, parked in the driveway.
Steve gave a small sigh as he looked the place over. Tony has always assumed and planned for the worst. And he honestly has/had every right to. The next thoughts Steve shoved from his mind as he turned back to Tony.
“Access granted, Hello boss.” The familiar feminine voice of the Tony’s AI rang out before the dark wall moved upward into itself. Steve could see a smirk playing on Tonys face as he disappeared into the dark. Steve followed quickly, “Hey, wait”
He was almost a completely different man than the one who spat venom in his face that day he came back from space. That was the last day Steve had seen him and of course he never came around in those five years to see how he was actually doing and maybe he should of come sooner.
“Uh, Bruce said something about Lang getting more of the the Pym particles for the return mission.” Sam said.
The soldier was wondering what was going on in Tonys mind as the man beside him was weirdly calm, and uncharacteristically quiet, as he gazed out his side window.
“So i want you to know that i do forgive you, and never want you to feel like i wont come to that barn at Clints farm to see you at your worst and pick you up as many times as you needed without question, like youve always done for me. Even when you didnt.”
The car was quiet but not intentionally. Steve was on autopilot as he lost himself in his thoughts. He felt haunted by everything that happened and even though he was not a stranger to post traumatic stress, especially from a harsh battle, but he felt hopeless.
Steve swore he just got whiplash from all of the emotions and the few words that just slapped him in the face.
“I-i know, believe me i know, that Sorry does not help- no it does not fix this” he said his hands coming down in emphasis toward the space between them.
Tony was standing to his left about arms length with his hand on a control panel that hugged the wall.
Steve stood and stared trying to breath correctly and stay leveled and he waited for Tony to say something as he watched the mans face like he could see a wall coming down behind his skin.
“Who ever she was she didn’t tell me more than that i kind of deduced who and why of course.” He continued.
Steve was breathing hard into the mans neck as he kissed down it, stopping to suck hard at the base.
Steve gave a small silent nod as thoughts continued to race. His foot on the gas pedal had become stiff and he realized he was speeding.
Steve adjusted his suit and then pressed the dial on his wrist which enabled the time suit to engulf his body.
But he needed to make things right, and he also felt like he had just gone through 50 years of helpful therapy for the death of his (ex?)best friend just from the ten minutes he’s been standing like an idiot in front of him.
And Tony wanted Steve to know about them, just in case. But that ‘just in case’ struck a deep cord that planted ice at his core, an idea that Tony knew why steve was here, and what had happened to himself even if he didnt know the details...
But now its gone. Tony is gone. And the time together they had while working to bring everyone back would not sink deep enough into steves skin. It wasn’t enough. He didnt get to say goodbye. Didn’t get to apologize.
Steve swallowed and blinked hard to try and get the water from his eyes as he took a small step forward.
Once the two men started away from the house and down the driveway he was quiet at first and the two walked in silence for a while, going down a small road that lead into the woods, that was until Tony decided to speak first because Steve brain was folding in on itself.
It could only have been luck that Howard Stark stormed into the lab area just then, panic in his eyes. "Anthony Stark! What the hell are you doing?"
The classic 1940s Harley motorcycle glided into the parking lot of the high school, Steve fashioning a leather bomber jacket from the World War II era over a slightly undone plaid button-up shirt.
"Tony!" Steve gasped, stumbling backwards, balancing himself by hitting the control panel with both hands.
But, whatever Tony was doing must have been right. Because for just a split second, Steve saw more Bruce than monster in the eyes of the big green hulk.
"So, the blame is actually to be split across the two of you," Natasha analysed, stifling a laugh. "I'm sure that Bruce will be excited once he hears that."
"I just realized," Tony interjected, "that we still have no results. Because for all we know, that exploded rat could have been the work of... y'know..."
"Oh, for the love of-" Coulson put his thumb and index finger on the bridge of his nose, looking down. "Care to explain exactly what that means?"
The next person to come down the stairs to the labs was a very anxious Coulson, all dressed up in a suit.
"I'll admit," Coulson held up his hands, "I don't. But," he walked over to Steve and put his hands on his shoulders, "I know you'll adapt fine. With a body like that, in a school like this..."
The tranquilizer embedded itself in Bruce's skin, thankfully, and the big, green Hulk fell to the floor, surprisingly serene.
"You're one of the smartest kids around," Tony said, patting Bruce on the back, "I'm sure that your intellect is strong enough to help you figure it out. Oh-" Tony stopped himself, reaching into his pocket, "I had these fixed for you." He pulled out the glasses that he and Steve found on the floor of lab number one.
"Bruce!" Steve shouted, as though scolding a child. He straightened his posture, adjusted the shield on his hand, and began to walk towards the massive green thing. "Tony was trying to help you! You do realize, that-"
He knew that he couldn't just come up to Bruce and say, "so, after you put me and Tony in the control room, Tony made on a move on me, so I flinched and pressed the red button, locking you in the room with the gamma radiation and turning you into a giant green Hulk monster." Not only would that end Steve's own friendship with Bruce, but it would also jeopardize Tony's long-term friendship with Bruce as well.
Steve grinned, and picked up his pace. In his new, US-Military-enhanced body, though, fast was fast. And walking fast meant that he ran into someone, both of them dropping their books like complete klutzes in the middle of the hall.
"Sounds like a party-" Clint was going to start laughing, but he pointed to something out-of-the ordinary in the other corner across from Bruce. "...the hell is that?"
Natasha, who had followed him silently down to the lab, punched him hard on the arm. "You idiot, it's a lab room. If they had girls involved, it would have been the pool, or the bedroom."
The group finds something to do while they pass the time waiting for their green friend to wake up in his original skin.
"Look at me," Steve shouted, panic arising in his voice, "I haven't gone to school since this!" He motioned to his entire body. "Do you know how hard it is to go from a scrawny
"Doesn't matter," Steve replied immediately. "Look at the state you're in! Do you really think you're in any condition to do a lab?"
Suddenly, the little red lights all over the control room turned on, rotating to alert the experimenters of a change in plans.
"It wasn't anything, really!" Steve screamed, pushing back from Howard. Coulson told me not to tell anyone, he thought. He wasn't planning on reneging on Coulson any time soon; he was his only family left.
Coulson has every right to be fawning over his "nephew," even if that means begging for details on his first day.
He opened the door, shoving both Steve and Tony in the control room. "You two stay put. I'm gonna go get the... erm, the specimens, and bring them into the radiation room." He eyed both of them like they were children about to cause chaos. "Don't do anything stupid. I mean you, Stark."
Just outside the new lab, Tony, Steve, Clint and Natasha had built a makeshift fort of all the board games available in the entirety of the Stark mansion.
“You had and honestly always will have the right to hate me, hate this and shove me out for the rest of my life”
Steve pushed that thought away but kept the point. But he also considered the reconnection to be better because coming alone and facing his mistake one on one would hopefully show his dedication to making things right even more prominent.
“Youre late” he grumbled but Steve knew even Tonys sarcastic nature could not be masked by any level of grief.
Tony looked back at her and aimed a casual finger at the blond in front of him, who still couldn’t get his shit together.
“Ah, jesus! Dont break it!” Tonys distressed voice came out of the dark right in front of him as the hand retorted. Steve quickly let go.
Now Tonys eyes were very heavy with water and he clenched his jaw as his heart was breaking and mending all at once over and over and it hurt worse than the arc reactor ever did when it shorted out and gave him heart palpitations.
His eyes strained in the disappearing light to follow the dark coated figure in front of him when suddenly a faint blue light lit up about ten feet from him. The light illuminated Tonys face as the man was looking down at what seemed to be a screen built into a hidden wall.
“I dont see why you cant do it , Cap” Bruce Banners voice came out of Steves phone as the man paced his new appartment. He had tried to give things a few days and find a new place and settle in before he spoke to bruce about being the one to return the infinity stones. And it had been a pain stakingly slow few days as it was all Steve could think about.
His reflexes were pitch perfect and when he felt a hand on his chest he grabbed onto what felt like a wrist attached to that hand lightning fast.
Steve decided to keep this thought to himself. If it worked out he couldn’t risk someone trying to stop him.
Tony put his arms behind his back as he sauntered over to steve, not looking at the man like he was very interested in the decor.
Steve felt like he just got off of a very fast, very vigorously unstable amusement park ride. All he could do was but shake his head, looking away and damning this god damn man and his genius.
“I just-, i dont-“ Steve wanted to rip his hair out. He honestly didnt know if this was or wasnt suppose to happen. Obviously she knew this would so she knew enough about what would happen to intervene before he got there.
He reached and turned on the sink facet and let the cold water run as he looked up at himself again. Pathetic, he thought as he cupped his hands under the stream to spash the water in his face, through his hair.
The way it came out almost sounded sadly hopeful and when Steves eyes met Tonys he saw almost a lifetime of want and forgiveness in those deep, frustratingly intelligent brown eyes.
“Tony, wait up!” Steve shouted as he trampled through the thicket, trying to keep Tony in his line if sight as he waved his arms through leaves and twigs that smacked agaisnt his face as soon as he pushed more away. He was more a city guy.
“Weve got blue prints up and materials ordered to make the travel platform and Rocket, me and scott have been starting on it. We are gonna work as fast as we can hoping to have it done within the next two days.”
There were what looked like doorways at the far side as well as a stair case that went upward to his right, next to the suits.
Along with the other stones there was the time stone that Steve thought would go back to Strange but the timeline was that of a completely different time and he got to meet someone on The doctors side of the puzzle who strangely knew all of what had happened in both times. The “Ancient One” as she explained herself to be was appreciative that bruce had followed through even though it was Steve returning the stone.
Steve figured that the reason he was this calm, while Steves was sure he had a heart attack and died already two minutes ago, was because the lady beat him to it. She probably came as a life line just in case he fucked up. Maybe he does fuck up..
Steve had all the time in the world to think about it now that Tony was dead and he honestly was going to kick his own ass a little harder if given the chance after hed gone back.
The funeral was still going but after standing vigil and watching the arc reactor bouquet float off into the lake, taking the rest of Tony with it, steve had to take a breather.
Steve took a deep inward breath, trying to put on his Captain face and hold this responsibility but it came nowhere near close to coming out like that.
But as they slowly interlocked hands and once Tony had a solid grip on the mans arm he yanked him in and held him close.
This made steve even more of a wreck but he took a really deep breath and stood as straight as he could, looking deep into Tonys eyes.
He could feel Tonys body tense and shaking a little under him and he slowly pulled away but the brunette kept his face buried in steves broad shoulder, his other hand reaching up and twisting itself into Steves shirt.
Steve stuttered, wiping his nose and shoving his hands in his back pockets to keep him in one place. His heart pounded and his skin felt on edge with more anxiety as he stepped back from Tony hoping to god he didnt completely blow it.
“Do you know when they are going to decide who and when they are gonna take the stones back?” Steve said, his eyes forward as he sped up to merge into the speeding traffic.
“Wha-“ Tony lurched backward with the sudden 200 pound weight of a super soldier being thrown around him. He barely had the time to comprehend what actually was happening here while Steve hugged him a little too tightly.
Holograms twitched and threw screens on the walls of various places steve recognized as the avengers building, Tonys house, a highway with live streamed cars, and several other places where cameras, Steve assumed, were placed and directing a live feed.
Pepper, Steve thought joyfully but then sadly as he knew she was very happy this way and didnt know what was to come..
Steve swallowed nervously. Right, bruce was asking how he was feeling after the funeral. And he had been running through so many scenarios of seeing Tony again he forgot that he was dead.
“The bald, wizard lookin lady told me to ‘expect a visitor that was not from your time though it is very important to tread lightly’”.
Did he tell him? How did he know that? Theres no way he told him. His mind raced through a million situations in about a nano second as he stared almost baffled. He couldn’t even casually play it off, at least not successfully.
“Ill talk to you later, Bruce. Let me know whats up” he said finishing up his convo and setting the phone down on the counter in the kitchen where he had stopped pacing.
Tony was referring to their current romantic state of residence, given they were um, an item at that moment in time.
The timeline was there, Steves intentions were set and he had never felt so ready and so not ready at the same time.
Steve really did see that way at that point. He knew Bucky had been brainwashed and ran because he wasn’t gonna be able to get people to see reason after all the things Bucky had done in his state. But he also acted too fiercely in his old friends favor because in a way he was from his old time, his original time and the last of anyone he considered family.
They had succeeded but Steve felt like he had more than failed. And not so literally but more in the sense of only the feeling of failure. The dread that would come with knowing you couldnt help the people you loved the most at the time they needed you after working so hard to make sure they knew he would be there for them. He was mostly thinking about Nat in this way.
Two cars from his own he heard his name to his right and turned his head to find Sam wading between cars to get to him.
He looked tired, his eyes were puffy, red and wet while his mouth twitched downward as his eyes connected with steves.
Steve remembered his nerves getting the best of him as he he sat at the table with Nat, watching two of clints kids try to draw some sort of image the fastest, with nat being the judge. He got up and made his way outside, the farm and the perfect day like a joke against what was happening outside of it, as he walked into the barn stalls, originally trying to get out of his head but found Tony against a sleeping tractor pulling at his hair, as he was far to deep in his own.
“Dont hate me for this later.” Tony said, almost as a side thought before he closed the space between them and kissed Steve with what felt like a gesture that had waited a thousand years to happen.
This kiss felt like home against his lip as he pressed back, participating in the kiss as he put his hands to Tonys sides and pulled him closer by his jacket.
He could of- no he should of made it right before it got to that point of immobilizing and damaging Tony to keep him from acting on the emotions that were in their goddamn right.
“Thats great!” Bruce said enthusiastically but Steve knew he was also keeping it together for the team but the optimism was much needed for all of them. They all needed each other but Steve needed to do this.
