“No. No. Uh.” He shakes his head, thinking as they walk toward the room that had the card table and piano. “Blackjack? Texas Hold ‘Em? 21?”
“That’s exactly what we’re doing here.” Cas takes a sip from the drink Dean brought her. “We are also to ensure that she dances with all men equally and stays away from rakes.”
“That he would deliver the message. Of course.” Cas looks pleased with herself as she looks at Dean. “They would make an attractive couple. But what do I know? I’m no cupid.”
When he finishes the song, he stands and takes her hands carefully in his own. She looks up at him and words seem to escape them both as he lifts a hand to her face and gently caresses her cheek. Their faces are so close he can feel her breath on his lips. He closes the gap between them and presses his lips to hers. She kisses back immediately, wrapping her arms around him, her hands in his hair as she parts her lips to deepen the kiss. He pulls her against him with his free arm and loses himself in her kiss.
“Also, since we’re going out, we need to dress fancy tonight. I think Cas has a dress picked out already. Can you help me later?” He could get dressed by himself actually, except he’s always worried about ripping the coats. And he hasn’t quite figured out how to tie the cravat so it looks perfect like when Jeeves does it.
“Please set her room up on the other side of the manor,” Cas says to Jeeves with a nod. “That will be just fine.” Dean smiles as he watches her go.
Dean slides out of her and steps away so he can pull up his pants while she rights her skirts. Just in time because the door opens and Dean scrambles to button faster, keeping his back facing the door as Cas sits down on the piano bench again and pats down her dress.
After another failed attempt at sending him home, Dean blinks as he regains consciousness. Usually, the attempts are just a small fizzle or a disappointing nothing. Today, they’d gotten a little closer to doing something because when Dean drank the disgusting potion they’d made, he’d immediately fallen to the floor. Castiel is kneeling at his side, dabbing sweat from his brow with a cloth.
“The last two are for you,” she had promised him at the end of their second dance. “Try not to look yellow.”
After learning one dance to Castiel’s satisfaction, she dips into a curtsy and smiles. “It’ll do, Mr. Winchester.” Mr. Butler stops playing and quietly stands by the piano.
“Do we have someone on staff who can play the piano for us? Miss Novak is going to teach me how to dance,” Dean announces proudly.
“It’s a nickname,” Dean offers. When they get outside, the cord of certain death for that man snaps. Cas takes a deep breath and looks up at Dean.
Castiel’s hand is in his as they waltz. His other hand is on her lower back, their bodies close and their feet stepping in unison as they move as one. Before this, he’d had the first dance with her. He’d stayed on the sidelines trying not to be jealous as she danced with others. He’d failed and kept his eyes locked with hers the entire time, much more passing between them than that first night. There’s a stronger pull now. One that erases everyone else around them and leaves him alone in a room with her. Halfway through the night, she’d returned to him, sweeping him back onto the dance floor and lighting his nerves on fire as the whispers began.
“This way, sir. And my name still isn’t Jeeves,” his poor butler answers. “Mr. Butler will do just fine.”
“The poker for the fire... The one you were dancing with a weeks past? I don’t often play with fire-tending utensils, sir.”
“Oh, excuse me,” a maid says quickly before the door shuts again. Dean can’t help it. He bursts out laughing and Cas giggles.
“That’s wildly inaccurate,” Cas says. “They are completely different. They are a different ranking of angel. Matchmakers are nothing like soldiers.”
The room is filled with crashing notes when she turns around and falls back against the piano, their lips hot and urgent on each other’s. Moans crescendo with the song of sex on the keys. Her hands hold him tight, digging into his back. His pants are on the floor around his ankles, her skirts pushed up around her hips. Their breath mingles between them, both of them breathing too hard to actually kiss so all they can do is hover close, their noses touching, lips only grazing as they groan.
“My brain is going to fall out of my skull if I read another word,” Dean says, slamming his book shut. Castiel closes her book softly and looks up at him without saying anything. “Do you eat?”
“Are we really the best example of dancing with all partners equally? Really?” Cas glances at him and shakes her head a little. “And this guy? Why did you say yes to this guy?”
“Yes, sir,” a maid answers and hurries off. He’d learned pretty early on that coffee was far from an instant drink in these times. It takes about an hour, so hopefully he has that long to practice before he has an audience again.
It feels like days later, but it’s only been a few hours before Dean sees Cas again. They had decided that Isabel could have a Cinderella entrance. Dean had, of course, had to explain what that meant, but once he’d explained, Cas had been on board. So Dean and Jeeves stand at the bottom of the stairs with their hands behind their backs as they wait for the ladies.
“No.” He gets up from the floor and dusts himself off. “I’ll be okay. Do you know how to play cards?”
“That is completely different,” Dean says. “Also kinda case in point. Fine. I still don’t like him,” Dean huffs. “She’s too young for this. Can’t she come back in a few years and try again?”
“I’m fine,” he mumbles as he sits up. “I’m fucking fine.” He sighs heavily and touches the back of his head where he’s expecting a lump the size of Jupiter. It’s tender and he winces, but it’s not terrible. “Son of a bitch.”
“When I met you,” she says, glaring at him. “I was a soldier and I knew nothing of love and then you walked into a ballroom all breathless with my true name. How was I supposed to keep my wits about me, Dean Winchester?” He only grins.
“It would be improper,” Cas reminds him evenly. “Besides, they haven’t even spoken yet. I wasn’t aware that you were a matchmaker yourself.”
“Well, yes.” She pauses, frowning a little while she thinks. “She had been ailing while I was in search of a vessel. She had smallpox and I had a mission. She’s since healed, but I still have a mission from Heaven to complete.”
“The fuck is whist? I mean poker or something.” He opens the door and bites back laughter at the look of visible confusion on her face.
“I couldn’t. She is well above my station and well above me in every way. She is very beautiful and I would hate for her station and reputation to tarnish because of me, sir,” Mr. Wilkes says.
“No.” She takes their books from the table and puts them back in their places on the shelf. “Why do you ask, Mr. Winchester?”
“You know that I agree with Dean, but he would lose his only position if he left his post to dance with you. Dean will speak with him. Neither of us would be able to stop him anyway. In the meantime, you have another suitor approaching.”
Now, they’re chest to chest in the final dance. Her eyes are glittering as she gazes up at him, her cheeks pink from the dance but she might also be blushing. She’s wearing a blue ballgown with white flowery lace and gloves.
” she sings their song. “I can feel your longing. Come here.” she says, her hands continuing the song without the lyrics. Dean crosses the room to her and wraps his arms around her. She tilts her face up and he kisses her upside down.
“Dean!” she gasps. One of his hands slams down on the keys, covering his moan as he comes. She captures his mouth and kisses him deeply until they finally stop moving.
He turns back to the piano and starts again. He hums the lyrics instead of singing them, embarrassed of his voice and the very real feelings behind each word.
Dean and Cas watch as one gentleman, in particular, starts to try and remain at Isabel’s side throughout the night. Dean mumbles how he doesn’t approve. “Who is this nutjob anyway?”
“Dean?” Cas asks as she walks into the room. “Why does she need to be on the other side of the manor?”
“Yet. But that is the entire point of this, isn’t it?” Dean asks. “Oh god, that ancient guy she’s dancing with is going to want to marry her and it’s going to be so gross.”
“Dean,” she whimpers into his mouth. It breaks the kiss and they rest their foreheads together, breathing hard and eyes still closed.
“No. I guess? Maybe. You don’t eat anyway.” He remembers his Cas being affected by Famine, his vessel craving the burgers that Cas was eating like no tomorrow. “Is your vessel alive?”  It’ll never be comfortable to think about Jimmy Novak being alive during that first couple of years. Novak. He forces himself not to do a double-take as he realizes that Grace is probably related to Jimmy. Cas had said something about it running in their blood.
“I think we should stop for today,” she says as she packs away the books, returning them to their shelves. “Shall I leave you to recover?”
“He loves me,” Dean says adamantly. “And true love lasts a lifetime,” he adds dramatically because he’d heard it in a movie. He does believe Jeeves likes him despite the improper ways that Dean walks and talks and acts. Dean actually thinks of Jeeves as a good friend which would never be allowed if he had actually been born this century.
“Have fun,” Cas says as she turns back to the piano. Why should he have fun getting dressed? She can’t see the questioning look on his face and he didn’t ask out loud but she answers anyway. “Coattails.”
“What?” Dean sits up straighter and watches Isabel’s eyes drift from her practically-dead-of-old-age partner to the doors. “There’s a ton of people over there. I can’t tell who she’s making eyes at.” Isabel blushes and looks down, her smile small.
“Ready, Izzie?” Dean asks. Isabel looks like she might faint, but she just nods. “After you,” Dean says as Cas takes his arm. Isabel talks ahead of them to the carriage.
“You’re full of surprises today, Jeeves. I mean Mr. Butler,” he corrects himself quickly. “Please play for us.”
“Yes, sir,” Mr. Butler answers. If Dean didn’t know better, he’d say his butler was becoming increasingly amused by his antics. “The ballroom.”
“Certainly, sir.” Mr. Butler bows his head. He leaves to go get Isabel’s rooms prepared and ready Dean’s outfit for tonight.
“I might remind you that I am centuries old and you have yet to be born,” Cas says flatly. Dean chokes and looks at her. She looks proud of herself as she looks out at the dancing.
“You are the worst chaperone. You are supposed to scold me for this behavior, not encourage it! I love you, sister,” Isabel says in a whisper.
Dean is already out of his seat and headed toward the door. There’s only one footman and he looks young. Seventeen maybe. This has to be the guy.
When the song ends, she releases him and it feels like coming out of a dream. She takes a seat next to him on the bench and positions his hands on the keys without looking at him. He plays a slow scale, watching her instead of the keys he’s pressing, transfixed and entirely under her spell.
“I was coming in here to listen to you play music,” Dean whispers against her lips. “How does this always happen?” She kisses him again and nibbles on his lip in answer. “Right. That’s how.”
"It's going to be okay," Sam told Cas, unsure who he was going assure himself or Cas. But he knew each day were counted as the day he made the deal was closing in as a burning fire.
"I do have a choice," Sam said breathlessly. "I chose to think about it." His mother rolled in her grave by now. His mom fond of angels would never let him talk to them like that. Then, he bet she was in heaven while he was stuck down here.
Sam tried before to hack into the police station's date base with no such luck. He heard rumors about a community that did take cases like this but they were hard to track down. It always started on hurricanes, strong winds. The death rate varied from state to state. For all he knew, this was his ticket to finding his demon. Sam collected his papers neatly on the desk.
Dean frowned. Castiel put his palm on his shoulder and they zapped out to somewhere outside the main city center. If he cared enough, he would know where. People talked animated to their kids, others walked their dogs. Cars drove past them, but by the crowd's expression, Dean knew Castiel had made them unseen. A handy trick he didn't mind stealing. For the greater good. Then Dean noticed a high tall brown-haired man walking in their direction.
The last fifth-teen minutes went in a blur, in no time he made himself ready to appear on stage. Dean's hand gripped around the microphone, his excitement was shown in his green eyes. The curtain went slowly upwards revealing Dean in his military jacket, blue jeans, and a black t-shirt.
"What if I do?" Dean's eyes narrowed. He stepped back until his back was against the wall. Castiel looked surprised at Dean.
"Hello Dean," Castiel answered while he walked over to Dean. His breath hitched in his throat. Castiel avoided eye contact with Dean. His hands became full of sweat and he rubbed his hands together. Castiel's eyes landed on the guitar, he had never played one himself.
"Aren't you going to answer?" Anna pointed towards his pocket. He shook his head. Castiel refused to let the phone distract him.
Dean opened his eyes, the cold made him shiver slightly. The time had gone over his head. He observed the darkened sky above his head, one of the first stars appearing. Dean saw Sam walking over to him, a white package in his hands.
Castiel ripped his pants off. His breath hitched in his throat. Dean's lips caressed Castiel's neck once he was close enough. The smell was familiar. Of nature, an unmistakable odor of sweat that mingled into his musk he couldn't get enough. Castiel flinched but his fingers touched the walls to his entrance. Dean's hips bucked.
"I am not in love with him!" Dean snapped. He clenched his fists and tried to calm down his beating heart. Dean felt Sam's hand squeezed his shoulder and he looked up at him. He bit his underlip. "He is innocent, I-I don't want him to be taken into this—" Dean pointed at Sam's closed laptop."Messed up life," Dean finished.
His green eyes that the summer never ended on looked at him. Dean stood a few meters away, his eyes bore into his own. The air felt choking in his lungs.
It came from the center of the bar. Castiel frowned and closed the door, either way, he had to find Dean somehow. His ocean blue eyes scanned the room. The chairs were stacked on top of each other against the wall and there were posters of famous singers on the walls. Also in cursive letters, Bobby's menu right in the middle of the bar.
Sam frowned. "Like what?" Sam turned his head in Lucifer's direction when he heard the answer from the guy he now had learned to appreciate.
"Yes," Michael walked a step forward, his hand protecting Chuck. Michael's hand ghosted over his angel blade Sam encountered two times before. Each being a fight for his life, not a happy memory. Sam involuntarily flinched. The wound lasted for one week and hurt like hell.
"I know. Dean, I have a business to do this week. The car is fine and I have it," Sam lied. He got the reaction he expected but it hurt anyway. He wished deeply to tell his big brother why he was doing this. But then, Dean saw him as a freak. Sam unclenched his hands from the wheel and walked out of the car. His blue and yellow flannel covered for the wind. He used the keys to lock the car.
"You were just waiting to say that, didn't you?" Sam put on the timer on his clock. A flash of memory hit him, unconsciously he stepped a footstep back. His eyes become distant.
"Whatever it is, is destroying you," Dean hissed. He held his hand on Cas's shoulder, his green eyes staring intensely into Cas's.
Dean opened the paper without asking for more. His eyes went from surprised to sad in a matter of minutes. He opened and closed his mouth a few times. Dean took off the amulet he always wore around his neck. "Sam..." he muttered to himself.
. Dean rubbed his eyes while he continued. "Yeah, I found books about lore and myths. Not just any kind, monsters that don't exist. Is he going nuts or something? Sammy has never been like this before." He chose not to tell about Bobby.
The smash of the laptop getting shut did that he flinched. Sam cleared his throat and turned his hazel eyes towards him. Dean studied him. Sam avoided looking him in the eyes. Instead, his right hand kept tugging on the white paper on his desk. "What? I told you to knock on the door," Sam said.
"Really? Because you create better songs when you have the 'love of your life' by your side," Sam told him. His voice persuaded Dean to stop in his tracks. Sam's eyes followed his movements when he answered Cas. "Are you cheating on her?"
. He frowned for a second, waiting for Balthazar to continue. "I am never, ever going to give up my brother. How did you know?" He talked the words quickly through his mouth.
Sam gave Balthazar one of the few bitch-stares he usually reserved for his brother. "It's a case," Sam repeated irritated. The tension went out of his shoulder. Sam leaned back to the chair and avoided looking directly at Balthazar. He could see Balthazar's confused face out of his vision.
Of course, Dean fought against the itch to roll his eyes. "Yes, they plan to work together with the king of hell. We have to stop them—" Dean said as he turned to Michael.
Anna's dark blue eyes as the ocean's greatest depths were hidden in them, stared back at him. "I try to understand why you haven't asked for Dean's number when you have met him twice, Castiel. Most people would've done it," Anna said while she drank up the rest of his glass.
Fear. Anger. Flashed through Dean's body. His body was frozen in the hallway, he couldn't make himself open the damn door.
"We kept looking for a dead God. keeping mercy by our shores," Dean turned serious. Both of his hands united around the microphone. He let out the caged fury he kept under leash most of his time. "O' father, I found the love of my life in her arms." Instead of thinking of his girlfriend Camilla like he usually did, he remembered Cas's awkward talks. His clear blue eyes as if the sky had opened in them. The freedom that was waiting to be set free if he dared to open them.
Anna pressed quickly on the bottoms on her mobile before she showed a video to him. For a few minutes, they sat in silence watching it. Shock, laughter, and confusion soon followed after they were done seeing it."Dean answered my question, live," Castiel smiled brightly. He struggled not to burst into laughter again. "I never realized he would remember such an unimportant detail."
"Like hell is difficult, I am here because I want to," Dean said. Sam opened and closed his mouth. He knew something was off about his little brother but no way he could prove it without evidence. Bobby acted weird around him too, the way he always did when he kept things from him.
A soft hand touched his neck and tilted him in Anna's direction. Her face went out and in of focus. "What do you think?"
"We keeping meeting here, the fate must really like you," Dean continued as he nodded towards the bartender and took his beer glass.
To wake up with a headache was definitely not Dean's agenda of a good start to the day. He groaned loudly and rubbed his eyes with his hands. When he had planned to ask Cas for guitar lessons he had chickened out in the last second and he hated himself for it. When Dean turned his head and saw a glass of water with pills on the side he grabbed it. In one gulp he took the pills with the glass of water. Still, his head hurt like hell and he ran into the bathroom to throw up. Maybe he had drunk too much beer.
"No, nothing. I have been thinking when Cas feels alright with it. We should go camping. It will help," Dean whipped together the eggs and everything else for a few minutes. Sam nodded slowly.
Sam's mouth was painted red of blood that colored his shirt in matching colors. His mind had a hard time to readjust itself. They sat unmoving for a long time. Time didn't seem to matter when his whole self was something else. Sam finally cleared his throat. His eyes again black.
Sam stepped forward. "I do," he said simply. Castiel put a hand on Sam's shoulder and gestured for him to retreat. Sam followed Castiel's example rapidly. He guessed nobody wanted to die by Castiel's hands.
?" His voice got hesitant. Dean almost let his hand reach Cas's shoulder before he stopped. "You look sick," he took Cas's glass from him. Cas groaned frustrated.
Sam hyperventilated when he arose from his bed. His phone alarmed loudly in the quiet idea, Sam picked up the phone. The called id, was, of course, his big brother. He mentally prepared himself before he answered the call. "Dean," Sam simply said. He heard the sounds of a muffled protest of Cas's voice in the background.
"I know," Castiel said before he gestured for a new drink. He felt shitty. Castiel thanked the bartender before he took yet another drink. A warm feeling spread over his whole body and he sighed in delight.
The hallways were lit up by a claret in the ceiling, the surfaces in a dark black color. Under his moving feet, the floor was gray. Understandable enough, the air crisped in his mouth as usual. For how long they walked down the corridors, Sam didn't know. Could be hours. Days, maybe only mere minutes.
Dean bit his underlip, already figured out what Raphael wanted from him. He took some distance between his feet. Dean's hand wielded the sword(it was light as a feather in his hand) ready to stab.
"Demons? But these creatures are in the Christian bible, I did tell you my father is a priest. We can seek advice there," Cas suggested. His smile was gone from his face replaced by worried lines on his face. His voice held a small hint of hope.
It looked nothing special, the walls were made of gray metal. A neon sign stated the name of the bar but Castiel paid none of this any special attention. He walked in beside Dean that nodded to the bartender and asked for some drinks. Dean's hand was at some point on his shoulder. Castiel felt exposed in that way but there was something vulnerable in Dean's green eyes that he couldn't look away from.
"We don't have to fight," Cas said. His ocean blue eyes cleared than Sam ever witnessed them before. "There is no need to let innocents die."
Dean's body relaxed, a soft breath went out of his parted lips. Dean opened his green eyes, his eyes were completely neutral. He laid on what he now saw as an alabaster table, Dean waited.
"No," Dean sobbed in desperation, his green eyes beginning to tear up. His jaw set. Dean's strong body surrounded him. Sam closed his eyes. His body sagged into Dean's. One last time, he strengthens his grip around Dean.
"About your parents?" Balthazar asked intrigued. He leaned forward with his hands folded on the table. His eyes gleamed amusement. Sam shook his head. Balthazar stared dumbfounded at him. "Economy?" He guessed again.
Father did come some seconds later as Micheal had told him beforehand. Father's features looked tired. The group greeted one another before they began to talk.
"You can carry out the packages to the car outside, Sam took half of them already," Bobby's voice broke his short daydream.
Sam preferred a clean job compared to a dirty one. He decided after two-three hours to cut the head from the body with the knife. Sam gestured to some lesser ranking demons to take care of the healing before the second torture session could begin. His favorite; to watch them burn without showing any signs of help. Sometimes, he made poisons to make the victim mentally live through all their failures in life.
on me, Sammy. I am not going to talk about it," Dean considered what had happened lately. Firstly, Bobby's and Sam's attitudes made no sense whatsoever in Dean's book and the research his brother did. Second, the weather was being stronger than usual for the time of the year. It didn't make sense and he held no detective expert card just a bunch of awesome references.
Just to test it, he summoned a demon once, to his surprise. He really came. Dean shook his head. His eyes were red from the crying he did every night. Dean heard his phone ringing and saw Cas's name on the display. He didn't bother to answer. The clatter from his beer bottles in the back took his attention back.
"Guys, calm down," Dean orders the press, they sat back at their places. Some mumbled underneath their breaths while others put their cameras back to their laps. Dean sighed and smiled at him, his dimples apparent on his features. An invisible nod to him that solely he would understand. He took it as his cue to get back on track.
"Brothers and sisters, Castiel has to learn how to use his powers. While he does this, we got to protect him. Because the other archangels and our Father won't take easy on this," Anna said, her face stoic.
A silence fell upon them. The phone made sounds again, he flinched. Castiel's hands turned into fists and he breathed heavily through his nose.
Castiel lifted his head and his gaze made him move his feet uncomfortable on his spot. "Dean? Are you alright?" Castiel's voice shook, his eyes that before were a darker shade of blue became lighter. Close to white, Dean's soul could feel the raw power that streamed out. Castiel's hands cupped the side of his cheek.
"I am fine," Cas said assuringly. "Had a hard day." He tried to take the glass back but Dean held it out so Cas couldn't reach it. Dean's eyes narrowed. Worry spread in his chest, he knew the signs of someone being broken and Cas showed far too many for Dean's liking.
He refused to believe a God would love an archangel as himself. It wasn't right. Dean's hands clenched, his breath heavy in his lungs. Castiel wiped the blood off from his temple, his blue eyes determined in his direction. Dean took one step back, his eyes flickered towards the exit.
"Dean, I suppose," Castiel's blue eyes narrowed. His voice had changed to be passionate and something else Dean wasn't able to place.
Sam sighed and closed his laptop. Luckily for him, Dean was off practicing the guitar with Bobby so he could do his plan in silence. Sam knew he was not likely to live much longer anyway unless he did something now. His body hadn't yet shown signs of cancer but it was only a matter of time. Lately, he had experienced headaches that stung behind his eyelids. Then Sam continued as normal until a few weeks later he experienced it almost daily. Other times, he couldn't hear what his big brother said.
He arrived at his house. In reality, Bobby's. It was a shaggy house, with three floors, Dean had yet to see the basement. The house had dark blue painted outer walls with three stairs in white. He checked his phone before he went out of Baby. Dean patted it and smiled.
He walked up to the back door. Dean pushed slowly the door open. He recognized Bobby's low and intense voice from the living room. Dean quickened his pace. His shoes made small noises against the floor.
"If that helps us overthrow God, I am in," Castiel shrugged and looked out the window. He frowned two seconds later. "I heard as well, God took in a new powerful tool by a dying monster. Apparently, killed them like flies."
"You mean apart from being drunk? Not that I know of," Sam cleaned up from his side of the table and stared at him.
After ten minutes and two seconds, Dean's hands found the leather jacket. The brown colors were faded and had dirt on the inside. Dean lifted his hand to a few centimeters over it, a white blaze shone from his palm. A moment later, the jacket was clean and he changed into it. Dean found a red plaid to take on and some jeans.
Being an agent for a rockstar had its positive sides; he got direct access to most of his brother's social media. On the other hand, keeping secrets would be harder since they lived practically on top of each other. His hazel eyes scanned through the page he was reading. A frown appeared on his face.
Castiel's eyes followed his moments, his brows furrowed. "I am God," as if that was the most obvious answer in the world. Castiel stood at a decent space from the knight. The dark vibes closer to his liking, he smiled. Sam was in the end still Dean's little brother and he planned to use that to his advantage in the future.
When he walked into his room, he didn't expect to see Balthazar and Gabriel standing in his living room. Both stood with their hands crossed behind their backs, a serious face etched into their faces. "What the hell, man? You can't just break into a house like that," Dean said, he slammed the door shut harder than he intended. The lights bulbs shook above their heads for a moment.
Dean's eyes flickered to the ground. His eyes watered with unshed tears but he bit his mouth together and kept his emotions under control. The guilt and self-loathing hit him like a load of bricks replacing his heart. As if someone burned him up alive with it. Dean flinched when Cas's hand touched his cheek. With fear at the pit of his stomach, Dean lifted his gaze at Cas. Silence laid down all around them before Cas deciding to break it.
Without him noticing they grew slow in closer movements until Dean sat behind him although Dean sat carefully to not frighten him. Castiel clenched the guitar, the symphony began to sound decent. His fingers pulsed in pain but the beauty of the song made him forget. At some point, he was so lost in the music he did not notice Dean's pat on his shoulder. Dean and Castiel exchanged a big grin at each other.
He nodded to the pianist. Dean let his mind free of worries and started to sing from his heart. Like he always did. "All alone, in this big world. Made of steel and harsh words. I got no idea, where I am going," he sang in a soft tune into the microphone. The pain slipped into his voice. He fought not to cry. It went quiet for a moment before Dean continued.
"I want you to be happy," Cas said. Dean froze. Cas tilted his head and Dean wanted to groan. Goddamn, why did he have to kill this man? He rather would... Dean didn't let himself finish that sentence instead he focused on Cas's hair that he wanted to get his hands through.
"That's great Dean," Sam said as he let his arms hang beside his chest. He studied Dean's face that was gleaming with happiness. Sam considered making a cake-
"Castiel Novak, was your intention to turn Dean gay? According to rumors you only did that to get his money?" Jenna asked, her dirty brown eyes cold. She tapped her red pen into her notebook in front of her, her legs crossed. Jenna sat ready to dig into his every word.
"Okay," Haziel said as he wrapped the paper neatly as he packed it into his jacket pocket. He probably memorized it already.
About 169 messages were on his phone and not just from Cas or Bobby but everyone he knew. He closed the phone and put it back in its place but not before he sent Cas a message where to go. Then he turned to the guards again. "What are you doing here?"
The heavy sway of the metal door open made him flinch. Castiel's face was worn. His eyes were older than ever. His trenchcoat partly shattered from what Sam quickly concluded from a blade. Which it was, he didn't know. Sam lifted his gaze to Castiel. "Where is Dean?" Sam said.
"Isn't there any way you can get them back?" Sam asked. They both acted as Dean was non-existent. He convinced himself he only stayed for the information and nothing else.
Dean followed quickly up to his little brother, he waved at Gabriel before he entered Baby. "Before or after the jam?"
"You ready to take on the Mark? Is from God himself you know," Crowley continued. Sam could hear the quiet
Castiel tapped his fingers on the wheel in tact with the bass. Dean's song held a mutual understanding, he had the chance to tell him.
. To his amusement, he was back at his apartment. However, his heart raced in his chest. The sting of hurt bumped like burning fires where he had gotten hit in the head. Some minutes later he managed to relax his rapid heartbeat.
Sam took a deep breath. Dean made relaxing circles on his back although his eyes saw worry for him. "I am fine," Sam said as he leaned into Dean's shoulder. His tensed back relaxing.
He turned to watch Dean before his soul left his body. Sam's body stopped moving, his hazel eyes staring blindly at the ceiling. His last heartbeat short after as he began his journey to the next place his brother couldn't reach him; hell.
Castiel tugged his sleeve on his trench coat and looked away. "No, I am capable of handling myself," Castiel said through gritted teeth. He flinched when Bobby put the clean glass down on the counter. He slowly lifted his eyes back at Bobby. "Is just...The job is getting on my nerves lately and my father is expecting I give him things I can't do," he stared down to the glass again.
He gasped out in surprise when he opened his eyes again. Castiel's body was still shaking from shock.
"That's fifty percent of my life, Sammy," he pouted. Dean crossed his arms over his chest, he stretched his arms behind his back. "I am going to sleep, you coming or not?" Dean gestured at his documents with his hand.
"Hey Cas," Dean leaned back on the bed. He moved his head so he stared at the ceiling instead of him. "Have you ever kissed a woman before?" Dean's jaw clenched. "If not, I won't let you live without having a taste. What do you think?"
"One beer," Dean said before he turned towards him. With his other hand, he put the guitar softly against the counter.
He pointed his finger at the sky before he continued. "I didn't know where you went, still your screaming is heard in my head. Day in. Day out." He let the despair into his voice. Dean opened his eyes and let his microphone swipe over the cheering crowd before he began singing into the microphone again. "Kicking we fell down the sky, only our souls safe in God's hands. Let's go down screamin', screamin', screamin'. For the lord."
Cas looked down. Dean moved uncomfortably on his feet. The last thing he wanted was for Cas to recall memories from his abuse. It would be too cruel. Cas finally lifted his head as he answered, "Dean, I am fine."
cassette, and experiencedly moved the car out to the road. Sam sometimes opened and closed his mouth shortly after. Dean already knew what his brother wanted to ask;
"Yeah," Castiel continued. "He said 'is a man you know,' which isn't very helpful. I know lots of men," Castiel gestured towards the church they had came from. Dean's gaze chased the point Castiel made.
Dean closed his eyes and said his anterior prayer. "God, save me because I have sinned. I couldn't protect my brother from the devil. If you exist, you better get your lazy ass done here. I swear I am going to kill the son of a bitch that did this, you hear me?. It's all I ask," Dean said, his finger did the final push, the pang screamed loud and clear to the empty highway around.
"Not bad," Dean commented however he showed off by playing the perfect first riff of the song. "When you feel comfortable, I can teach you the lyrics. Who is the lucky chick?" He wiggled his eyebrows towards him. He leaned backward on his chair. Dean's shoe placed upon his leg. The air wasn't able to reach his lungs so Castiel quickly glanced away.
He wiped off the sweat from his forehead, his arms hurt from bearing heavy back and forth for a few hours. The sweat dripped down to his dark blue cheap t-shirt. He saw Sam and Bobby discussing something. Bobby had an upset look on his face and Sam kept gesturing his hands like he did when was proving a point. This had been going on for half an hour since the last time Dean checked his watch.
Curses ran through his head like bullets. Time passed for an eternity. When Sam breath a new, his bones were amended into something new. His very mind was different. Cruel. Deadlier. Sam opened his eyes, now flashed to black for one second before they returned to their hazel color. Lucifer raised him on the table. Sam leaned into Lucifer's shoulders, exhausted.
He knew it was a question about the time before Camilla would find out. He would do his best to explain to her why his brother had chosen what he did. It would get ugly, it tended to end that way when the last name Winchester was involved. Sam flinched when he heard the door slam from the outside. Heavy footsteps walked in their direction. His shoulder tensed, his hazel eyes narrowed at the door.
He walked round in yet another circle in the panic room, his hand under his cheek. Dean sighed, a hand ruffled through his hair. To be stuck in here was boring. Cas unlocked him after the intercourse some days after what they did...
Castiel leaned until he was beside his ear, "I love you," he whispered. Dean shivered. Then he bit under his earlobe, Dean twitched. His cock tightened in his jeans. His heart was in his throat. Dean's want reflected themselves in Castiel's eyes. Castiel moved away from his plaid before he began to plant kisses on his neck and abdomen.
"Because you got my blood, you are fit to become a knight of hell. How does that sound?" Lucier yanked his hair so Sam was forced to stare into the former archangels' gray eyes that had sparkles of yellow in them.
His father had basically told him to take care of his little brother. He failed there as well. Dean sobbed into the silence. Cas attempted calling him again and Dean turned off the phone. His mind wandered to the memories before Sam died. Dean knew the clues yet he was a coward to not face them in time. He did not want to encounter more of it anymore.
"See, showing feelings isn't a bad thing. I know you are trying but I think the press can misunderstand your intentions," Sam stood up from his chair giving a direct glare in his direction. "If the paparazzi find you two hugging or something they would use it against you and make her believe you are in love with someone else. In this case, Castiel," Sam finished.
"Did Camilla know you were cheating on her?" The reporter, that Castiel read her nametag while she spoke. Jenna Olson. The silence descended on the room. Dean leaned more forward on the table that creaked under his weight. His emerald eyes narrowed to close to black poles.
"He has been researching monsters, Cas," Dean snapped. "The kind that would take him to a place where he doesn't belong. Hell, I have no idea why Sam isn't trusting me. Is my job to take care of him. I-I don't know how much longer I can go on like this," Dean confessed.
'" Dean quoted, a sad glint was barely traceable in his eyes. "My friend doesn't deserve that bullcrap in his life and I am going to show him what's worth living for," Dean said determined as he raised from the chair. He made himself perfect pancakes about half an hour later and shared them with him.
A little kid, around the age of nine, stared at him with big eyes. His brown hair was ruffled. The kid smiles brightly at him before he started to grin. Sam frowned in confusion. "Single bed," Sam said.
The cold air ghosted around him when he walked down the old wooden stairs. Sam glanced around in the room. Here Bobby had things stored for spells, more lore, maps, reserve food, and so on. Bobby thought of everything. One of the reasons he saw Bobby as one of the best hunters he knew. He had heard about a legend once as a child. Men of Letters they were called, nobody thought they existed (the same way, it was a collective truth within the community Big Foot wasn't real).
"He knows how pain is, I will warn you now. Don't get too close," Anna leaned away from him, her body tensed up. "You will understand in the future where more is at risk than ourselves."
Castiel suddenly got an interest in the bookshelves and rubbed his backhead. "He is asleep, I got him chained to the bed in the panic room. He tried to kill me, Sam," Castiel's last words were laced in distress, shock, and sadness. He sighed as he met Sam's gaze.
"Thank you," Dean mumbled barely audible for his ears before he withdrew. "It doesn't change the fact that Sam is acting weird. A man takes what he needs, you know?" He patted Castiel's shoulder again. "I would do anything for him, I know is ..." Dean trailed off.
"You are joking, right?" Dean's voice light yet his eyes betrayed him of the fear that filled his heart. He recognized the look, he wore it himself. Dean's hands shivered, Sam had no idea if Dean knew he was doing it. Sam put his hands on the table.
Once Sam reached his destination he walked out of the bus. To his surprise, it was almost midnight. The crossroad parted ways in three locations, an old building on his left with faded letters on it saying 'The Crimson Bar'. On his right an old tree swaying in the wind. Sam pulled his leather jacket closer around himself, his teeth clattering against his skull.
"Fine, I will give you my last slice of pancake," Dean pushed his plate over to him, he took it excited. He knew exactly what to do to make his big brother do as he wished. The advantage of being the little brother. He ate up the rest of the plate in a more civilized manner than his brother.
Lucifer gasped by his side, it would be complicated to keep them both out of function so he could escape with his head on his body. Lucifer rose in his standing glory. A white blaze began to cover the black-toned walls, Lucifer's broken wings spreading before them. Sam clenched his fist until he heard Crowley throwing up blood before he let go.
His eyes widened in shock. "No, there is no need to consider my sexual desires," Castiel said. He pushed the money back into Dean's hands. "I am good."
"Cas, are we good?" He moved his hand in his direction. Dean stopped once he realized Castiel had flinched in displeasure.
. A grin spread on Sam's face by the title. Quite ironic the demon that was supposed to have written it had never taken a step into the higher-ups of hell. Crowley gets his tastes for sure.
Crowley wore a black suit, his eyes narrowed however, he seemed bored out of his mind. Sam felt the same way about being stuck downstairs for ages. Crowley talked the demons out. Sam's fingers flickered over his demon knife Lucifer had given him during his birthday.
"Yeah, I know." Dean adjusted the little device so he could keep track of the songs during the concert and put on one of the earbuds. He pressed the bottoms until he had the volume he wanted.
Dean sat on a white sofa, he took deep breaths. It had been a long journey to get this far. Dean knew all the songs by memory as always. A loud knock made him jump, on the sofa. The familiar voice of one of the stage guys shattered the silence.
is in top 100, I guess people liked it," Dean said. "According to Sammy, it will climb higher next week. My producer wants me to get my ass working for the next album. I got already half of the songs written down, and, I don't have much to do."
"Fifth-teen minutes," Gabriel commented, he flanked Dean's side. Gabriel showed him the last way to the stage. In his hands, he texted on the phone rapidly.
"It doesn't explain your obsession with drinking, or that you have nightmares you never tell anyone about. It's alright to talk about it you know?" Sam's voice shattered his thoughts. He resisted the urge to say a sarcastic answer that laid ready on his tongue. Dean crossed his arms over his chest.
"Your God isn't the only one," Castiel said. The priest's eyes became even bigger of the surprise. "I am your one true God, and you will process your love onto me," Castiel walked over to the middle of the church.
"What?" Castiel squeaked. A wave of tiredness sweats him under. Sweat spread in his veins. Castiel groaned at the pain that was inflicted on him. It destroyed his senses. "What do you mean?" His tune was groggy to his own ears.
Out of the corner of his eyes, he saw some men appear from thin air. All of them wore matching black expensive suits. But it was unmistakable who stood in the middle. Dean's light brown hair stood out from the rest. His freckles as familiar as when Castiel saw him for the first time when he bypassed a poster. Or his green eyes that seemed to wield the secret of life itself.
"No," he said to nobody in particular. The alarms blasted on full volume and it made him blink to get his painful headache to lessen. Lights in front of him went on and off. He noted he needed to fix the other light. Castiel took his hand to his head and after stared down at his palm. His hair was filled with shattered glass, it stung and he hissed when he touched the bruises. Blood dripped down from his head to his lap.
"No comment," Dean repeated. Finally, he reached the car door and unlocked it. Baby came to life underneath him, purred her welcome. No music went through the speakers, he drove quickly all the way back home. Dean paid the hotel via electronics and refused to take up any phone calls. That included Bobby, the man he saw as his father.
The angel shook her head. "No, they are not. Dean, a new apprentice according to our sources is commanded directly underneath God and two other archangels. The names we haven't found out yet but we are working on it." She twisted her hair in the fingertips before she sighed. "Castiel is trying to make Dean back on our side where he is supposed to be."
He cleared his thoughts the way Raphael taught him. Dean slowly and tenderly puts Sam's back to the wall. His hand glowed in the familiar white light and he healed Sam's wounds. The running footsteps came closer to him and moved him away. Bobby patted Sam all over him before he hissed to him. "What did you do to him?"
Slowly he put it around his neck, Sam quickly turned his attention to Chuck again. His eyes intensified sightly before they dimmed lower. "Listen closely, Sam. You will need the amulet in the future. I know you have no reason to trust me but hear me out, I know what is going to happen. And..." Chuck stopped in his tracks for a moment. "It's terrible things that are going to happen, when the time is ready, you will know how to use the amulet. It's about saving a life for another. I wish you luck Sam Winchester, you are going to need it."
. Flashes of lights passed from the exterior. Dean tapped his finger to an unheard song, he refused to write any lyrics since his little brother's death. He couldn't.
When Sam finally arrived at their destination, he stood in awe. The whole room was pitch black. On the sides, sigils Sam never studied were on the walls. Chains hang to the ground. Sam stopped and Lucifer bumped into him before Lucifer shoved him into the room. The bad gut feeling made it worse for what Sam believed the fallen archangel had in mind.
He flew back to where he had been. However, the cafe only held a few humans eating. Dean began to track the grace he could catch, he followed Castiel's track like a bloodhound. Dean moved silently, no twinge of any plant made him visible. In the far distance, Haziel flew away from Castiel and Anna.
"She didn't do anything," Haziel answered for her, blocking his path to Anna by pushing her out of his reach. "You were destined to lead, Castiel. Always was. She did everything for us. I hope you will learn to appreciate that."
Castiel took a glass and filled it with water. He willed his cock to calm down. Castiel felt unsure, usually, God gave him a mission to complete. But lately, he had gotten nothing. And the information Dean informed him about warned him it was barely beginning. Fear showed in Castiel's clear sky blue eyes.
"Saving? I am a grown man. I take care of myself, I have a job I go to," Cas defend himself. "You can't save everyone."
Sam kept checking behind his back, the monsters were loud to his supernatural senses. The angels were arriving at this point just the way Sam planned it. Once Sam was out of sight from Cas and the enemies. He lifted his gaze to see what happened.
Castiel becomes very aware of his own body at the same moment. He hoped that Dean hadn't noticed him. His heartbeat even quicker against his ribcage.
Dean was taken aback for a second, he opened and closed his mouth a few times. "You did," he said. The irritation became to be unbearable. The guy was a liar, what did the archangel think he did? Nothing other than being an ass. Dean bit his underlip. "Tell me you son of a bitch," he snapped.
Dean bit back a question on his tongue, Raphael had been strict about that. Never to ask questions and only follow orders. He liked to believe he did a great job at that. "Then is not over yet," Dean said instead. He wanted badly to go out and hunt for demons. Those were a disgrace to the human race in his eyes.
"This is..." Sam took a deep breath he no longer needed. The power pulsed through his veins, ready to let loose and kill, rip apart murder, and blood lust. Sam moved away from Lucifer, his hand covered half of his face. The senses were stronger than ever and he was dizzy.
"Stand up to the Father, chose the way to freedom," Anna insisted. "Help yourself so you can help others."
"Why should he?" Dean took out his car keys from his brown leather jacket. "There is chaos, destruction, and violence. God has been lazy if you ask me," Dean's hands curled around the keys. "Sammy is worrying me," Castiel heard Dean mumble underneath his breath.
Sam's eyes narrowed at that but he decided not to look further into it, his brother would tell him one way or another. He closed the door silently. Sam sat back in the living room. Dean would never know before it was too late to do anything. Sam had to make sure of that, it was for the best. His thoughts wandered back to Dean's reaction when meeting Castiel. Sam knew something was changing for his brother, for the better. Dean's happiness had to last in any form it could exist on.
"Care to share, Dean?" Castiel found himself smiling. Dean had yet to turn. He saw the Billboard awards on the walls, from 2009 to 2012. Castiel knew Dean deserved every single one of those, he hadn't told Dean he was one of the very first fans. That was for another time, another day.
"I didn't know music was from the heart," Cas started, he looked down where Dean touched the strings. He faced Dean. "You are right, it hurt to play on a guitar." Cas's eyes stared at his palm.
The fresh air refreshed his ashed mind. A smirk displayed on his face. "This is going to be fun, what do you want me to do?" Sam turned to Lucifer, the Blade still firmly held in his palm. His fingers tight around it. The pulse in his veins made him feel alive than ever.
Winds blew stronger outside and the doors slammed to the chains. Thunderstruck everywhere, for once Dean was grateful for all those hard lessons in Michael's care. Castiel tilted his head to the side. By a snap of his fingers, the powers from his end stopped working. Damn it. How was he supposed to kill the guy? Maybe that was what Father meant by waiting.
"Then I will wait for you, as long it takes. You are worth it," Castiel said, surprising himself by he meant what he said. Dean and he exchanged a long time staring each other down. Neither willing to admit any kind of defeat. In the end, Castiel took his hand away and stepped away from Dean.
Dean's mouth opened, his hand tightened around his weapon when Castiel crowded his place. Castiel's sudden move made Dean do the only thing he knew; Dean stabbed him with the blade. Castiel's eyes twinkled with amusement before Castiel's hand literally dragged the blade out of his chest before letting it fell to the ground with a sickening
Dean patted his hand on the jacket, the smell of car, oil, mud, different food. One that stood out to him, was the faint odor of steel. His green eyes looked unsure back at him and he swallowed unsure before he zapped out.
Dean rolled his eyes. "I get it," he put his hands in his pocket. Dean's palm found the amulet around his chest, his hand gripped it tightly. There was again, this flash of knowledge. Dean looked at it with interest. He had a clear idea in mind how to use it. But he didn't understand, why him? It could be basically anyone else yet the choice laid on him. Cas surprised him by hugging him. Dean let go of the amulet and hugged Cas back.
"I, uh, I have no such intentions," his voice sounded nervous to his own ears. He redirected his gaze at Dean once again. His grin gone from his face and Castiel wanted to have it back. But he waited.
After half an hour the bus appeared. Sam found his place and sat down on one of the hard seats. Only an old woman around her sixties was on the bus, her frown appeared on her face. Sam looked anxiously out the window. His eyes narrowed at the street signs they were passing.
"By not giving him a choice? You could've told him years ago. Hell is no joke, Sam. Those that survive will not be the same person, the demons will change you. You need to talk before it's too late—"
One was for an interview and the other was from the producer. Shortly after Sam got a message from Dean's girlfriend. He rolled his eyes.
Sam shook his head. "Not for now," he said. His answer was quick on his lips. Once again, Castiel got the feeling Sam held secrets from him. But he missed Dean already. When he caught a glimpse of him, he was grateful to the world he wasn't gone.
Sam's features softened and he smiled before he turned away to start doing whatever agents do when they don't need to babysit. He ate up his breakfast soon after(he had managed to eat two sandwiches) and did the same cleanup.
Castiel's eyes showed fear and anger. His jaw was set tight, his fists clenched at his sides. Castiel moved his feet a little breaking the spell that had been there for what felt like an entity. Silence only broken by the music from the bar was in between them.
"A path held by us, chosen for us," Dean whispered. He had gotten into the music in such a way, the crowd was nothing but a distant memory. In his mind, Cas stood in front of him instead of the fans. He took a deep breath then he got to the highest notes of the song. "Home is you. Let me rest, on your bones," Dean sat on the chair, he put his hands to the front of the chair. At the same time, his feet laid lazy on the other parts of it.
In his best efforts, he cleaned up the wounds of his last of his abilities. Castiel looked up at himself in the mirror. His mouth was slightly ripped at the edges, parts of his face were halfway filled with dirt. Also, his trench coat was known messy and turned to the filth of messiness. Castiel changed into a pair of blue jeans and a grey sweater. To finish his outfit he put on thick black socks.
"It's Dean!" Bobby counter-argument and the noise of a fist hitting a wall made Dean almost jump face-first into the wall.
"No, Dean is part of your life. I am a fan that was too lucky," Cas snapped. "You deserve better," Cas finished before he rubbed his neck as he looked away. "But I am just a fan," Cas mumbled underneath his breath.
"I talked with fans outside, did you know they are going to buy every song I have made?" Dean sat down on a side beside her. "Man, that was awesome! They were so nice."
Cas managed to get the two fingers right on his first try, he had a harder try to reach the thinnest one. Dean put the guitar against the wall. He once again let Cas have time to withdraw if he found it uncomfortable. Dean's fingers took a light hold on Cas's finger though he took his time to put it on the string. "Looks you will have to use a few days to get to this string, is normal. I wasn't a perfect player," Dean soothed Cas.
Cas frowned before his fingers ghosted over the same string as him. His finger barely touched the string yet a lighter tone than Dean had made surrounded them for a few seconds. "It wasn't the correct way," Cas tried again, this time copying Dean's method. A perfect deep sound echoed in the room.
," he close to growled close to his ear in the same tone Dean would have used exploded a rage in Sam. "I created you."
"To teleport or fly wherever you need. For now, you are under my guidance, follow my example," Raphael said. Dean focused his eyes on Raphael's wings when he saw how it worked, he was quick to pick it up.
Cas dragged Dean closer to himself. Sam felt awkward as if he witnessed something that was between his big brother and his friend. He cleared his throat and immediately both of them moved apart from each other as if been burned. "Camilla will find out, you can still make it up with her. But question is, whatever you chose there will be people out there angry, and will it be worth it?" Sam asked.
When he got Dean's urgent message, he planned his way back to Kansas. Unfortunately, the paparazzi made it difficult to get out of California without it making headlines. Castiel managed at the end of the weekend to get back to Dean's house. He wore his usual beige overcoat and black suit while having a white t-shirt bottomed.
Lucifer seemed proud of him while Crowley's eyes frickled around in the room. The sign, Sam knew was a sign of weakness. Lucifer took up his sleeve, the crimson Mark on his arm as a crescent with small strips on top of it. Before Crowley could say anything more Lucifer took hold of his arm.
Castiel frowned. He stared again(he did that and made Dean uncomfortable but he was not one for commenting that every five minutes). "I heard you say on the phone, he acted suspiciously," Castiel stated.
"You must not look for your brother after you are dead," Baltazar said. He turned to the waitress and asked for the payment. Sam blinked a few times. He had heard the words, yes, but they were hard to comprehend. Balthazar moved to him again as if nothing important was exchanged.
Dean held his hands up in a sign of surrender while Bobby threw water on. Dean spits it out as he blinked in confusion. "Dude, I am alive, how many times do I have to tell you?" Dean said.
Castiel's leg divided his legs apart. Dean groaned in need. A hand wrapped around his neck, a kiss pressed against his parted lips. They were rough, Dean felt Castiel's tongue enter his mouth. Dean's hands clenched Castiel's slashed overcoat. Castiel's hand laid pressure on his chest and Dean let himself fall into the bed. His breath labored and his pupils were blown wide. Castiel took off his leather jacket. The weight suddenly has gone from his chest and he felt exposed.
Sam huffed, sometimes his brother didn't understand the meaning of 'working' and 'break' time. If he began to hit on a girl they would try to get to his brother and not him. The few he had gone further with told him he lacked a manner of stability, he couldn't blame them, his life was on the road. The home was with Dean. Sam would never want to change that.
Cas stared at him for a few moments before a smile appeared on his face. "Stop doing that every time you come here. You will give me a major heart attack." He rubbed his neck before he drank again.
Many of the reporters he recognized from past encounters, this wasn't going to be pretty. Some wore pitch guitar black uniforms, others held the cameras rolling in his direction. He put his palms on top of where the microphones stood. "Any questions?"
"If it's lightening up someone's day, I am glad to take that role," Castiel took a new sip from his glass, he avoided looking into Dean's eyes. Suddenly he felt wary.
Shock reflected from Anna's face. She pressed her lips to a thin line before she stared at him, her eyes searching. "What?!"
coming interviews for Dean's new plate as he answered "This is important for your future, Dean, being famous is hard work. Did you buy food? We are running low on beer again."
"No," Castiel said. His eyes narrowed in fury, the room rattled. Then it stopped. "Dean needs you, you are his brother."
Castiel knew he had a little time of life left. He was ready to move on into peace even ready to wait for Dean if he needed to do so. Outside his room, there was some men and woman that patrolled the corridors, he could see them from where he laid.
Sam heard the footsteps of a determined person. He spat onto the floor. Once again, the flare burned into his bones. Sam grits his teeth together to keep his whimper under control. No way he was going to show the demon he hurt more than he already did.
"Getting sentimental, aren't we?" Michelle scoffed. "You are aware you won't talk to your brother ever again? The Mark of Cain is going to force you to live forever. And who saved your ass back at the battle?"
Sam began to change clothes to a flannel shirt and dark blue jeans. He needed time to think. "I am fine," Sam lied. The line went quiet on the other end. Sam finished packing before he paid the Motel as Sam headed towards the car. First, then Dean answered again.
The demon frowned. For a short moment, her eyes turned red before they went back to their original color.
"I will fix it," Cas said. He nodded in Dean's direction. "They don't know about me and I can give you time to figure out before talking to the press. Also, I can order so we get an effective way out of this. Sam should have an idea of how each of you should act after this. We need to be quick, the people nor fans won't wait on anyone. Be sure you do your best out there. I know that you are aware of how brutal the press can be."
"Yes, then you can be an archangel," Chuck said and his hand moves until it was on top of his chest. Before Dean could open his mouth to respond, a big white circle shape alabaster color. It entered his stomach area, he expected pain but it felt more as it became one with himself.
He tangled his fingers with Cas's. A smile on the corner of his lips. Somewhere he knew Haziel and Anna rebuild heaven — as archangels. God had been grateful for their work after all. Bobby had begun to teach him what Sam knew before he died. Even when Raphael was dead he was still an angel and Cas compared to him? A cursed God. His eyes filled up with unshed tears, Cas's palm touched his cheek. No words needed to be exchanged, Dean smiled sadly and kissed the hand of his boyfriend.
Castiel took a deep breath and counted inwardly to ten before he answered. "How to play the guitar." From the moment he answered her question, reporters stood up and started shouting. Others in the back took pictures of them. His hands became sweaty and Dean's reassuring shoulder touch sent his blood to his ears. They were only supposed to buy Camilla time with this and clear up things.
. "He is great," Castiel finished lamely. Silence meets him on the other end. "Anna?" He closed his mouth and awaited her answer.
Dean ran up to the highest point of the stage. He sang the chorus once again, this time with his fans. It warmed his soul in words he couldn't describe.
Dean took one of the chairs available and sat down in front of him. He folded his hand together on the desk, Dean sat silently some time before he spoke up. "I know, no, I didn't be taking a ride because Baby needed it." He checked his phone in his palm.
The room around dimmed and his focus was a hundred percent on Cas, Cas stillness was the same response back. The tension was thick in the air so thick that a butter knife wouldn't be able to cut through it. His hand laid on Cas's arm, unmoved. For some reason, a new feeling spread in his chest, Dean wasn't sure if he liked it or not.
He opened his palm on Rachael's chest, from the outside it seemed like nothing but Sam used the Mark's darkness to corrupt Rachael's light, he staggered backward but he took hold of Sam and dragged him down. The glint of a blade was one of the things Sam witnessed to cut into his flesh. A scream boiled out from Sam. His hands grabbed it and attempted to take it out. He heard Dean's footsteps.
The claws stripped his flannel shirt into pieces, the pain penetrating his skin and body. Sam screamed out. Soon more followed, digging deeper into his body. Black spots appeared behind his eyelids. Sam covered his hands over the wound, the hellhound merely panted above him before a bit crushed the burn under his body to the full.
Sam advanced to Lucifer and used the Blade to knock Lucifer out with the power from the Blade and as a knight of hell. He then zapped out quickly before either could recover. Just in case, Sam went place to place in a rapid motion if Crowley sent demons after him.
Castiel licked his lips. For a long moment he thought, he didn't mind the press insisting to made him answer at a more rapid pace. He knew that the press would twist his words in days, maybe even months after this. "I know and I am willing to take the chances," he answered with confidence, a glint passed his eyes.
"You won't," Dean said assuring her. "Let's go and tell Sammy, yeah?" He gestured to the door. She nodded back at him. They walked back in the corridors to where they had been before. He turned his head to look for his little brother but he was nowhere to be seen.
“No, I don’t believe you have.” She smiles and dips her chin, looking up at him through her thick lashes.
“Apparently longer,” Cas says under her breath with a soft smile. She melts his heart with those smiles, those quips. “True love spans the ages, stretches through space and time, knows no boundaries, and breaks all laws.”
“Uh-huh. Sick. Sure.” Dean rolls his eyes. “Do we know what we’re actually supposed to be doing here besides judging Izzie’s dance partners?”
“Will she be mad if I come?” Dean sips his coffee and vaguely tries to remember when he’d gotten used to the different flavor than his usual crappy cup from a diner.
“I don’t know what happened,” she confesses, looking up at him. “The spell that sent you here is blocked to me. I can’t seem to touch it.” He wonders if Cas is the only angel that’s barred from helping him or if it’s anyone but the son of a bitch that did this to him. He hadn’t seen who cast it, so if that’s the case, he’s shit out of luck.
It’s early in the morning when Dean sits down at his piano and takes a deep breath. He’s been practicing for weeks and finally has something that resembles a song that’s close to him. He feels out the keys, his eyes closed as he listens to the sound.
“Isabel is bound to be popular. She is of good breeding and very attractive in both looks and prospects. Many men will be wanting to dance with her tonight. I doubt you will be able to kill all of them.”
“Mr. Winchester,” his butler says when Dean stops playing, his hands resting on the white keys. Dean turns around and sees that he’s brought Castiel with him. “Miss Novak is here.”
“Might as well be. Look at you.” He takes her hand and smiles. “All you’re missing is a bow and arrow.”
“You can ask Mr. Butler about it later while I help Isabel get ready this afternoon.” She shakes her head a little. “That poor butler.”
“I did. Thank you for allowing Mr. Wilkes to talk to me,” she says with a slight blush. “Tonight was dreamlike.” Dean smiles as Isabel does a spin, her grinning face tilted toward the star-studded sky.
“My family has been invited to a ball that I must attend. I’m sorry.” She still hasn’t moved from her seat. Her eyes lock with his and her cheeks tinge pink. “You could meet me there. I would reserve dances for you.”
“You told me his name was Fred,” Cas scolds as she sits back down beside Dean. “Imagine my surprise when he informed me his name is Mr. Wilkes.”
“We have to ensure that the men who wish to spend time with her are of suitable blood and have good intentions. She can’t show favoritism among her suitors, dancing with everyone.” Dean snorts at that. He hadn’t done that and by the end, Cas was refusing dances left and right. “I don’t know if we are the best example for her now that you point it out.”
Dean follows after where he’d seen Cas disappear to and hears her voice singing over the soft playing of the piano. He walks along the path of notes laid out for him until he finds himself in the empty ballroom. Cas’ eyes are closed as she plays, her eyebrows furrowed just a little. He watches her fingers dance over the ivory delicately and feels himself smile.
Castiel walks over to him and positions herself behind him, lightly taking his hands and placing them back on the piano. Her fingers rest over his and she begins to play through his fingertips. The melody is sweet, bordering on romantic as she leans into him. He watches their fingers dance and lets her have control.
“Yes, Dean?” She says it like they’ve been addressing each other this way for centuries. Dean smiles.
“Goodnight, Mr. Winchester,” she answers just as gently. She steps up, using his hand as a railing. “Tomorrow we shall dance.”
“It could have been worse,” Cas says, looking over her shoulder at him as he finishes with his pants.
Dean lounges on one of the couches in the drawing room with a book open on his knees. This room has easily become his favorite. There are couches and a nice fireplace and he knows exactly where it is. He hasn’t gotten lost coming and going from this room like he has some of the others.
She tilts her head a little and it makes his stomach flip. “Shouldn’t we be studying? We’re no closer to finding a way to return you to your time as we were weeks ago.”
“Our poor scandalized staff,” Dean says, shaking his head. “I think Isabel will be here soon so I should go get dressed.” He gives Cas a quick kiss before heading toward the door.
“I’ll walk you out,” Dean offers. This time she takes his arm. It’s a relatively simple touch, but it sends electricity racing through him. His heart hammers and he feels like Thumper when he gets twitterpated in Bambi. “Goodnight, Castiel,” Dean says softly when they make it to her carriage.
“He’s not more than thirty. Besides, I think she has her eye on someone else, love,” Cas says after a moment. “I just can’t tell who she’s looking at.”
He pulls Cas away from Jeeves and lowers his voice. “You are not quiet and I never want you to be quiet. And she will be here for a whole weekend.”
