“In order to do so, I am going to take you on a date.”
“Jesus, Sherlock. What on earth are you doing?” John wheezed, unable to hold back his laughter at the sight of the man before him. Every inch of him was splattered in paint, from his ankles to the dark curls that now hung limp against his pale skin.
“Well, that’s a crying shame because you deserve to hear all the nice things in the world, John.”
John, still rubbing sleep from his eyes, shot him an incredulous look.
“I...want you to take me to bed, specifically
managed to pull the sheet over them both before Mrs. Hudson paused in the doorway, mid knock.
Never had a more beautiful sight ever existed, as far as John was concerned.
"Sherlock, if there were ever a time for you to actually act on the lust you feel for Dr Watson and get a good old fashioned romp with him out of your system, it would be now. We both know how badly you want to fuck him, so do it. There are far worse people to have your first experience with."
“Sherlock there is no shame in stopping here if that’s what you want. I’m not going to judge you. You just need to
John frowned, concerned, and stood.
Sherlock’s furious grip on John’s hand became painful, and John blushed crimson.
in whatever way he pleased. It was every fantasy he had ever had, made real.
“Gregory, does my brother still make that high pitched squeal like a straining tennis player in bed, the one that you can hear from the other side of the house?”
that you do that again” he wheezed.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock” Mycroft whispered. “I was not a good brother all of the time. I was neglectful and self-centered and I didn’t think. I saw that you were able and clever, I saw that you were independent and I -- I thought that you would manage alone, but I never considered that you were a child” he admitted, his eyes dropping to the floor.
When the need for oxygen finally forced their lips apart, John rolled them over and sighed as he lay his head on Sherlock's broad chest. The sound of the younger man's steady heart beating beneath him was a soothing lullaby that was in serious danger of putting him to sleep. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's back, holding him as close as he could manage.
After an hour had passed. John suddenly became aware of a faint noise coming from the floor.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he turned back around, but quickened his pace nonetheless. Despite his pride, he knew from past experience that it was unwise to mess with John Watson when he was cold, hungry, and tired.
When he plodded into the kitchen, John found Sherlock sitting crossed legged at the kitchen table reading his phone, his blood-stained shirt discarded on the floor.
"This wouldn't have anything to do with the excessive ego stroking you received from Lestrade because he was desperate for someone to take the case, would it Sherlock?" he muttered under his breath as he caught the heavy wooden door that the detective had neglected to hold open for him.
John smiled and curled in tight to him next to the warm fire, burying his face against the side of Sherlock’s neck.
?" John breathed, taking in the giant four-poster bed with rose petals strewn all over it with a box of chocolates in the centre, glasses of champagne on the nightstand, and scented candles flickering on every other available surface.
Sherlock watched him curiously as he dug through his suitcase until he triumphantly retrieved a bottle of lube.
“I know…” Sherlock smiled weakly, still unable to meet John’s eyes. “That is why - If I am to do this… to indulge my carnal side which has been repressed for so long, it could only be you. It has to be you, John.”
"John, I have a truly brilliant idea. All of my ideas are brilliant, of course, but this one is
“Hello. I heard a loud noise emanate from the bathroom, so came to check on you. But clearly you are perfectly uninjured, so I’ll go” Sherlock nodded, turning to scurry off.
Sherlock grasped at the hem of John's shirt, hastily pulling it over his head when he raised his arms. Despite having no idea what he was doing, Sherlock began to press sloppy kisses to the other man's chest, working his way down. John finally registered that despite his feigned confidence, Sherlock was trembling.
Sherlock moaned loudly as John gradually slid deeper until he bottomed out, John tossing his head back at the feeling of finally being completely buried inside him.
John wordlessly sat down beside him, watching in silence as the other man worked.
“What happened was that I got a stiffy and leaked so much that I’m fairly certain the front of my pants are soaked through!” John laughed, looking at Sherlock and then shaking his head “Oh no, No no I see that face and know what it means!”
It was two more seconds before Sherlock realised he needed to help.
“I’m telling you that I love you! You fucking idiot!” Sherlock shouted, “I love you! I want to hold and be held by you! I want to kiss and touch and love you in every way a man can love another person. Why are you making me explain this?!” he ranted before falling silent, slumping in his chair, “I just… I just adore you.”
John I’m going to…I can’t…” Sherlock gasped out as his orgasm took him, painting hot stripes between their bellies.
Sherlock just stared at him with one eyebrow raised.
Mycroft turned to look at Sherlock and was surprised when the taller man stepped close, wrapping his arms around his brother and holding him in an awkward hug. The politician paused, barely breathing as he returned the cuddle with a rough sigh.
“Yes, I can. I have in fact done just that. Many a time.” Sherlock insisted, his head buried underneath the pillow which he had used to bite onto and muffle his orgasmic screams.
“Let go for me, Sherlock, I’ve got you!” John encouraged, pumping his leaking cock even faster.
“I love you.”
As he started to undo Sherlock's shirt buttons one by one,  Sherlock threw his head back to allow him better access, and John smiled against him at how striking the bruises would look on his pale flesh.
Suddenly John was overwhelmed with a feeling of loneliness. He saw the love between Greg and Mycroft as they smiled at one another, eyes only for each other as they danced and then pressed their foreheads together as the song began to wind down.
“I thought…” John began, only for Sherlock to interrupt “I can’t kiss you. Not until you brush your teeth. I cannot have -- You need to wash away the taste of him. The scent of him. I want to delete the entire thing and start fresh.”
He found Sherlock standing by the window, looking out into the darkness at nothing in particular.
“I want you inside me…” Sherlock purred, standing up and almost headbutting John in his haste to strip. It didn’t take a moment for Sherlock to be fully naked, his erection on full display as he climbed back on the bed and lay on his front. His head was comfortable on the pillow and he widened his legs to make space for John and that’s when John saw it.
The hotel ballroom was stiflingly warm with the crush of bodies standing around, eating from small canape trays or sipping on champagne that John imagined would cost more than a month's rent. He had already stripped out of his formal suit jacket and left it on the back of the chair, but even in just his shirt and waistcoat, he was suffocatingly hot, tugging at his collar to get a hint of relief. He looked around the room, looking for the familiar silhouette of his best friend but he couldn’t spot him. Sherlock was nowhere to be seen.
Sherlock laughed and kissed the tip of John’s nose.
"Keep talking."
“Well do you want to, yet? Tell me what you want, Sherlock.”
“Myc...” Sherlock began, using the nickname from so many years ago.
normally means a new haircut or a new pair of underpants. Not swapping to a penis.”
“John, you mean more to me than anyone else in the world. You always have, but I have always been too headstrong and proud to admit it. So here I am, doing it now like I should have done a long time ago.”
"It came to my attention just now how much I've been letting you down, John. You've been working longer hours, Rosie has been so difficult lately that you're so sleep deprived you should probably be dead, dishes and laundry piling up everywhere...and I've done
“How could you possibly have…”
“I have no sympathy,” came the deep voice from below. Sherlock was obviously awake.  “You were incredibly intoxicated last night. It was annoying.”
When John awoke the next morning, the first thing he noticed when he rolled over in bed was the pounding of his head.
After leaving Rosie with Mrs Hudson, the three-hour drive to their destination had been mostly silent. Or at least it had for John, who spent most of it dozing in the passenger seat while pretending to look interested in some science lecture Sherlock was giving him about the latest body part he had put in their microwave while driving.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shh, John. Less talking, more fucking.”
After peering down at the baby for a moment to make certain she was sleeping, Sherlock rose with a sigh and padded over to a large box of lights. He retrieved the huge tangled ball of bulbs and began diligently attempting to untangle them.
“Oh.”
“I have condoms,” John insisted, “I’ve never had unprotected sex and --”
He rose on shaky legs and made for the small bathroom, returning a moment later with a small towel to clean them both off.
When he was satisfied that he was ready, John withdrew his fingers.
Relief flooded the older man, content that the encounter between the brothers had at least ended amicably, even if he didn’t know the details.
They spent a few more minutes simply kissing and caressing one another, letting the tension simmer rather than boil over before John pulled back, stroking Sherlock’s hair back lovingly
Determined to rescue the evening, when the food arrived John started small talk between the four of them about the latest case he and Sherlock  had solved while they all ate. The earlier hostility that had hung thick in the air was now gone, and the doctor could tell he wasn’t the only one relieved by the change in atmosphere.
John cleared his throat. Well this was going to be interesting.
The bees that had inhabited him until now had fled, chased from their hive by an all-consuming smoke.
He didn’t even bother asking how Sherlock knew the same about him. The genius had likely used his big brain to deduce as much within ten minutes of their first meeting.
before he lost control of himself and did something he would regret.
“Less talking, more kissing” Sherlock hissed, capturing John’s mouth in a rough, passionate kiss.
There was no harm in him making Sherlock's first time amusing for himself, right?
A few minutes later John hesitantly stilled beneath him.
Sherlock’s jaw clenched, and he turned his head away.
Was he really about to go out with Mycroft Holmes?
“It meant nothing…” John promised, pulling Sherlock up so they could look at one another tenderly, John’s hand coming to cup Sherlock’s cheek, “I hoped… I wanted… God, I was thinking of you the entire time.”
You cannot seriously expect me to keep faith in plans made during a lack of blood flow to the brain. It’s foolish.” Sherlock grouched, peeping his eye from under the pillow to see if his complaints had worked. They hadn’t.
He slowly turned to stare at Sherlock, who simply shrugged and ran a hand through his dark curls. John could tell he was just as shocked but was doing a far more convincing job than he was of appearing composed.
“Of course I do! It’s just…” John tried to argue, only to be cut off.
“Have you ever…?”
Sherlock blushed.
“Did you get them?”
John had never heard Sherlock swear, not once in their year of cohabitation and hearing the words come from that posh mouth shocked and surprised him for a second until he collected himself and responded.
Satisfied, he hopped back onto his chair and grimaced as they chugged the rest of their drinks.
"Hard pass, I know him as well as I care to, thank you very much."
could you possibly have known that? You’re good Sherlock, but that is just ridiculous.”
“When you propose to me, I want a bigger ring.”
Sherlock planted another long, lingering kiss on John's already swollen lips.
John tried not to let himself dwell for too long on the realization that Sherlock had pawed through his things, or the fact that he would have had to dig past his underwear in order to find them. He knew that he had two choices. EIther make up some lame excuse and run for the hills or get out of his own head and join him in the water.
John cursed as he groped for the light switch, not expecting the flat to be in total darkness. Sherlock's heart began beating so fast he was half convinced that a heart attack was not out of the realm of possibility. At least should such a thing occur, a doctor was already present.
“Just go shower and get bloody
“No, absolutely
As he sat beside him and began to clean away their sticky mess, his hand stilled mid wipe, knowing he couldn’t put it off any longer.
When they arrived, Sherlock couldn't help grinning despite himself at what was to come.
John blinked.
“Shut up!” Sherlock barked again, “He cannot have you. He has everything else. He has the money, and the power, he has mummy’s love and fathers pride. He cannot have you, John. I won’t allow it.”
“Thank you. I’m so sorry we’re late” John apologised, and nudged Sherlock with his elbow.
Before either man had a chance to react, the can tipped on its side, its entire contents raining down to drench them both in the paint. Both men stood silently for a moment, stunned.
Opening a spreadsheet, Sherlock began to title it
"Hello, I will have the mushroom past-aaaah!" John yelled out, his eyes round as saucers and face beet red with embarrassment. The server looked at him like he belonged in a mental institution, and multiple diners went silent and turned to stare in their direction.
He held his breath, unsure how the other man would react.
, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s large hands came to rest in John’s short hair, adding even more paint to it. He tugged at it gently as they tried their best to consume one another, making him groan and the bulge in his pants grow bigger.
A comfortable silence stretched out between them for a time, John absentmindedly raking his fingers through Sherlock’s hair to comb out the knots.
“I want you to answer me this. Have you ever kissed anyone before?”
Mycroft opened his mouth as if to answer, and John kicked him under the table,
Closing his eyes, he braced his free hand against the wall as he wrapped his hand around himself, and began to slowly stroke himself.
“I didn’t, but please feel free to remind me often.”
Sherlock looked over at them and rolled his eyes before joining the trio, silently staring at his brother before looking away. John knew something had passed between them, they often spoke without words and only in glances, but John had no idea what was going on.
And that shag deserved a bloody good smoke.
John cackled-that was one advantage to years of giving prostate exams.
“So, Gregory, how long have you been degrading yourself by throwing your sausage into that huge, pale pastry?”
Very slowly, Sherlock's large hand slid into his hair, and he began to comb through it as he worked to remove them. The detective touching him in such a way felt almost intimate, and the doctor found himself fighting the little tiny moans of pleasure that threatened to escape his lips. At such close proximity, the detective smelled of the earthy scent of the forest and smoke, mixed with something else John couldn't name, and it was almost impossible to ignore.
Feeling a little more settled as he began to list, Sherlock quickly had five annoyances which had niggled him from the start of their friendship, however after those small things he started to struggle to find reasons.
His mouth opened and closed a few times when he locked eyes with John, but words refused to escape his lips.
“You can fuck me…” Sherlock whispered, leaning to bite and nibble at John’s earlobe, “I want you to… I want to know how it feels.”
“Going to what? Say the bloody
“Forgive me for what I’m about to do, Sherlock” he whispered and stepped out onto the street.
sens-uality?”
John smiled in amusement around his mouthful and guided them down onto the top of his head. Luckily for them, Sherlock’s arms were just long enough that he could reach despite the shorter man being on his knees.
Leaning precariously over the giant tub, he reached out for the taps and began to fill it, too inebriated to figure out the many buttons and settings along the side.
He hadn’t done this for too long. It was just hormones. It wasn’t John, it was simply his traitorous body rebelling over the lack of sexual release it had received and John was the nearest male shaped body.
When Sherlock pouted down at him, the older man laughed, and without any warning wrapped his mouth around him properly. Sherlock audibly gasped, desperately canting his hips towards the source of wet heat. John took him in as far as his gag reflex would allow, which was much less than what he would have liked, and began to lick and suck as his head bobbed up and down on the impressive organ. He grasped at his bony hips as they bucked, trying to slow them a little so that Sherlock didn’t make him choke.
“Not pain just…” Sherlock scrambled for a word and then sighed, “Odd. Unusual. Bloody annoying.”
He didn’t miss the way that the younger man fleetingly wet his lips when he thought John wasn’t looking, the way he turned his gaze to the floor shyly.
He ran a hand down Sherlock’s side for a moment, to calm him.
John crushed his lips to his and began to slowly thrust himself into Sherlock’s heat.
“What if I suggested that we didn’t use them?” Sherlock asked, leg moving to shift between John’s to get closer, “Obviously I have never had any sexual contact, and I was tested last time I went to rehab. I know you’re clean because you’re insanely fastidious about getting tested even though you’ve never had unprotected sex…” he rocked his hips and moaned when their cocks brushed together, “Please? I want to feel it fully. I want to experience what it's like…”
"I can't believe you stabbed me, John" Sherlock pouted as John went through the process of treating the injury.
He took Sherlock's order very quickly, clearly keen to escape the situation as fast as possible.
When Sherlock nodded, John entwined his free hand with his and gave it a small squeeze.
“Says who?” Sherlock replied, staring at John in challenge, “Who says I do not enjoy, crave and covet
“Will you hold me?” Sherlock replied in a whisper.
“O-Oh.”
This is just porn and we will not apologise for it
Mycroft sighed. "I have my own life to live now, brother. Riling you up is no longer on my agenda."
Before John could even form some sort of semi-decent reply, the British Government nodded to him and was out the door so quickly he was left staring at the empty chair, wondering if he had ever been there at all.
“Wow.”
“Oh don’t worry about her. She’s at a swingers convention with the ladies from her knitting group” Sherlock responded with a shrug, grabbing at John’s arms when the older man almost dropped him from shock. Thankfully John managed to get them to their newly shared bedroom without an issue and carefully lay Sherlock down on the bed before beginning to take off his shirt and then wiggled down his trousers.
Sherlock sighed, lifting his hands above the table and holding them up in surrender.
“Not quite,” Sherlock smirked and pressed the remote which set off the vibrations again, feeling the buzzing and tickling in his nose as he began to carefully bob his head and suck as much as he could. Sherlock hadn’t quite managed to fit half of John inside his mouth yet, but he was learning to relax his throat and expected to pick it up in no time.
Another glance at his watch determined that he needed to leave immediately if he was to avoid being late, and he wasn’t keen to find out how Mycroft would react to being kept waiting.
“More...” Sherlock whispered, hands coming to cup John's face and stroke his nose and cheeks, seemingly obsessed with mapping out the shape of him.
The receptionist nodded, smiling up at them after consulting her computer, "How lovely, we haven't had the pleasure of guests in that room for far too long!" Here is your keycard. Suite 4, level 2."
The detective gasped, desperately arching his back into the sensation of being engulfed in wet heat, prompting John to slowly slide down on it to take him in as far as into his mouth as he could without gagging. It wasn’t too far, but for a first attempt, John felt quite proud that he was able to get a few inches down without retching.
it when he did that.
"I can't believe I'm saying this, but this has actually been quite nice."
...soon.”
Relieved, John unceremoniously dropped the bundle of bags and camping equipment he had been carrying to the ground, wincing as he shook out his cramping arms. He might have carried his fair share of heavy loads in his time, but he wasn’t as fit-or young- as he had once been.
Pulling apart Sherlock’s buttocks, John moaned at the sight of Sherlock’s puffy and pink hole winking up at him. Rubbing his cock against the rim, John muttered a swear under his breath and pushed in slightly. Sherlock was still tight, but he wasn’t as much of a vice as usual and John found it easy to begin a slow thrusting rhythm in and out, hands resting on Sherlock’s hips to pull him back and then forward again.
Sherlock turned to face him and began leaning forward, and for one dizzying moment, John thought he was going to kiss him.
John nodded, snaking his hand between their bodies so that he could carefully stroke Sherlock’s cock which had flagged significantly and was now mostly soft, leaking pre-come across John’s hand from the wrinkled skin of his foreskin.
John rubbed one hand up and down his thigh to soothe him as he carefully inserted his finger the rest of the way, pausing to give Sherlock a moment. When he seemed comfortable, he added a second. Sherlock groaned with pleasure as he began thrusting them in and out of his warm body, his hips leaving the bed in a desperate attempt to take them as far into himself as possible.
Worried he would spook him, John remained perfectly still as Sherlock leaned forward and began dabbing paint off his face. The shirt treated John to an even stronger dose of the other man’s scent, and it took every ounce of restraint he possessed not to moan aloud as a jolt of electricity went straight to his groin.
“We need to wash off, don’t you think?” he practically purred. He glanced back at Sherlock as he towed him down the hall, and grinned in satisfaction at the way the younger man was soundlessly gaping at him, cheeks blushing crimson.
Sherlock leaned down for another kiss, and John happily obliged.
A small chuckle tinkled through the line.
"Sherlock, slowly… you’ll hurt yourself” John groaned, grabbing at Sherlock’s hips and slowing his movements to a rocking back and forth. Both men groaned, entranced by the eroticism of the moment and Sherlock leaned down to kiss at John’s bitten lips, soothing it with his tongue.
“For what, then?”
When they pulled up to the luxury hotel fifteen minutes later, John let out a low whistle.
"I suppose that would be the most practical course of action" Sherlock replied after an agonizingly long moment of silence.
Sherlock did not hesitate to bid him entrance, and in a fraction of a moment they were exploring each other's mouths in a whole new way.
Reasons not to love JW
John grinned, turning away to look out the window. "That's what I thought."
Sherlock was the first one to come up for air, and John watched in confusion as he gently lowered himself to the shower floor until he was kneeling in front of him, keeping his eyes trained on John’s.  When they flicked to John’s already stiff cock standing to attention against his belly in front of him, he finally figured it out.
“Yeah, Sherlock?”
John needed to escape. He needed to run out of this room and curl up somewhere to die like a shameful little pigeon. He stood, brushed his knees off even though it was unlikely that they even had a speck of dust from the carpet, and then walked out of the bedroom suite and into the adjoining room.
Gradually John added a second digit alongside the first, Sherlock bucking up against his hand in a desperate attempt to draw them as far into himself as humanly possible.
Had he imagined it, or had there been the slightest hint of a smirk tugging at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth as he spoke?
"I am not opposed to that either."
Bringing it to a close is bittersweet, with this being our baby for the last 3 or 4 weeks, but all good things must come to an end.
“What is it?” Sherlock asked, looking concerned.
Doing his best to fight an amused smile from creeping across his face, John took a seat as instructed, sitting back and studying Sherlock curiously as he pawed through the first aid kit. A moment later he pulled out a bottle of saline solution and some wipes, before kneeling down on the floor in front of him.
His hormone flooded brain suddenly reminded him of Sherlock’s virginity, and he made a mental note to exercise some self-restraint, rather than turn into a sex-crazed maniac and scare him off. There was no way in
Sherlock nodded, eyes wild with lust.
. I was getting ready to lock you two in a broom closet or something” she sighed as she took in the sight of the two blushing men in bed together.
“What are you waiting for? A written invitation?”
“I love you, Sherlock Holmes.”
"Mhmm?"
Was Mycroft saying what he thought he was saying or were those drinks finally catching up with him?
then” John whispered dirtily into his ear, and that was the final straw that sent Sherlock over the edge.
“If you insist, but I have it under control.”
When Sherlock’s moans started to become more desperate, John slid off him with a filthy sounding pop, not wanting things to be over before they’d begun. Plus, if he was honest, his jaw was already starting to ache and he wasn’t sure how attractive Sherlock would find him after a bout of lockjaw.
Sherlock was in love with John.
“So that’s what an orgasm feels like. The logic part of the brain really does shut down during climax. It was nice to have some peace and quiet for a moment. Fascinating.”
John wasted no time throwing off his clothes before stepping into the shower, sighing as the scalding hot water lashed down his back.
The room before them was like something out of a romance movie.
Flipping open the bottle of lube, he squeezed some out and coated his fingers in it, rubbing them together to warm it before gently tracing a finger around Sherlock’s puckered entrance. He massaged it in slow circles, then while keeping an eye on the other man the whole time to watch for any sign of panic or discomfort, he carefully pressed against it until his finger slipped inside.
“John, I want you to fuck me” Sherlock whispered huskily into John’s ear as they moved, making his cock twitch.
“Why not?” Sherlock frowned, “You normally have no qu… qal...qualms about it… You’re --” he paused to take a drink and then winced at the taste,” You normally have sex on the brain.”
Looking at the ground, he strode over to the tree, waiting to make sure Sherlock had his back turned before he made quick work of changing. When he returned, Sherlock had resumed floating. Wincing, John dipped one foot into the water but was relieved to find it to be just as pleasant as Sherlock had promised.
He cleaned away his mess before stepping out of the shower and back into his robe, striding back into his bedroom to dress.
Well, no. That wasn’t strictly true. It was both of their faults because Sherlock was happily and monogamously married to his work and John was too much of a coward to bring up the awkward topic of his newly realised feelings towards his flatmate. John had rambled embarrassingly to Greg instead, making the DI shift anxiously in his seat as the whole sordid mess came tumbling from John’s lips.
Deciding desperate times called for desperate measures, John got up from the bed slowly and seductively, giving Sherlock a good look at his naked form as he crossed the room, pausing to look at Sherlock over his shoulder exaggeratedly as he sashayed towards the bathroom.
Sherlock's cock was thin and long, much like the man himself and John felt the urgent need to see it, to taste it and touch it. To smear the wetness across himself and use his own against Sherlock to mark them in a primal, feverish desire.
When Sherlock's moans became more desperate a few moments later, John was unsure how much time had passed.
“Where are you taking me?” Sherlock asked from behind him, and John had to bite his lip to keep himself from laughing at the barely masked child-like hope in the detective’s voice.
John didn’t want to confess that Mycroft had told him as much, so he listened in silence as Sherlock attempted to explain his history.
"John? Are you…
Sherlock blushed and he stared at John for a moment, biting his lip.
Sherlock shrugged, swimming to the edge of the lake to hang onto a rock so that he wouldn’t have to keep kicking.
!” Sherlock cried out loudly, practically levitating off the bed at the touch, head thrown back against the pillows and hands fisting in the twisted sheets beneath him.
It was total ecstasy, and neither of them had removed a single item of clothing yet.
When he finally forced himself to meet the detective’s gaze, he was shocked to find that Sherlock was grinning.
Upon entering the shower, John started the water and began counting in his head.
The other man’s hesitation was gone in seconds, lips moving tenderly with John’s in a manner that could only be described as both inquisitive and cautious all at the same time.
“What does it look like? I’m painting my bedroom in a colour more inducive to productivity, John.”
"I...Sherlock I can't…I can't do this right now."
"What is it, Sherlock? What's wrong?" John whispered, peering into his widened eyes.
Hesitantly he pulled down his trousers and pants, watching with fascination as his achingly hard cock sprang up to hit his belly, a bead of precome already glistening at the slit.
"Have you...please tell me you haven't been sitting in that same spot the entire bloody day" John remarked, lips curving into a vaguely amused smile.
Sherlock turned to face him and gently pulled him closer, the fury gone from his eyes.
Showing some welcome initiative, Sherlock reciprocated, albeit ridding him of his paint-stained jeans a little more awkwardly.
you, Sherlock?” he whispered sensually into the other man’s ear.
? Just swing the tin around and hope some landed in the right place?” he sighed, suddenly put out at the realization that his entire Saturday was going to be spent cleaning up his flatmate’s mess.
“You must be more stupid than I believed if you think that I’m bothered by your urge for hormonal rutting…” Sherlock hissed, “So go on then, what’s
Sherlock gasped into his mouth, freezing.
“I’m sorry…” John whispered as he pulled back for air, pushing their foreheads together by pulling Sherlock’s neck down, “I’m so sorry. I was a dickhead. I shouldn’t have reacted like that…”
John watched as Sherlock’s cock gave a few thickening pulses, twitching as Sherlock fought against the urge to ejaculate. It was incredibly erotic to watch as Sherlock battled with himself internally, trying to get control.
Perhaps he had needed the escape from the rest of the world even more than John had.
Pausing, he reached up and stroked a stray curl out of Sherlock’s eyes.
John felt a surge of happiness rush over him, and their lips met in a tender kiss.
Eventually he withdrew them, returning to the lube and applying it to himself.
John nodded, shifting his weight so he was laid on his side beside Sherlock on the bed, their thighs pushing together as John stroked a hand down Sherlock's stomach and chest, each circuit of his body going lower and lower, drifting down towards Sherlock's trousers.
After dragging out cleaning his face long enough to make John decide that he
“You -- I --” John gasped,
He had no clue why he had just done that, but somehow it felt...right.
Sherlock shook his head and captured John’s lips in a long, soft kiss.
“Now come back here” John smiled, pulling him back in and connecting their lips once more.
The feeling of Sherlock's body contracting around him tipped John over the edge, and then he was coming as well, spurting his release hot and hard deep inside his body.
“Sod the fucking mushrooms!” Sherlock grinned and snogged him breathless, and John was unable to stop himself from giggling between kisses.
friend.”
Kissing Sherlock was a whole world away from kissing Mycroft, John thought as they clung to each other desperately in the moonlight, and he immediately knew he was where he belonged.
" John hissed, pulling it off and flinging it to the floor as soon as Sherlock raised his arms.
John fell back against the pillows panting, and a moment later registered Sherlock moving more frenzied, attempting to find his own peak but seemingly struggling to reach it. John grabbed Sherlock and tugged him forcefully, feeling his own softening cock slip out of Sherlock with a slick noise. John pulled Sherlock up until the younger man was straddling John’s chest, his cock inches away from John’s lips. The doctor opened his mouth, dipping his head and taking Sherlock into his hot, wet mouth and sucking. Sherlock was leaking and John swallowed the bitter taste away as he bobbed his head, his hands moving to cup and grab at Sherlock’s buttocks feeling the dribble of his come sliding out onto his own skin.
“Much. But you
A text from an unknown number appeared, so he opened it.
Very slowly John applied pressure until his finger slipped inside.
Eyes the colour of the sea after a storm flicked up to meet his own.
“You alright? I got a little carried away, sorry.” John asked with concern when they drew back for air, transitioning into doctor mode. Sherlock nodded quickly when he realized he was waiting for an answer.
He leaned forward and kissed the younger man's full lips, wiping away his playful scowl.
“Ha! Bullseye.”
earlier that night and was now sleeping peacefully. Starting up the stairs, John considered how weird his evening had been, Mycroft hadn’t been anything like he had expected, he had actually been
“Alright, I’ll get the tent done if you want to gather some kindling and get started on the fire” John instructed him, giving him detailed instructions as to what he was looking for.
, but he wasn’t about to push Sherlock too far too soon.
“So, have you forgotten your name?”
“I love you too, you daft sod” John smiled, and let his heavy eyes drift closed.
“Let’s not waste another second ever again.”
“Fuck, you’re so bloody
"Ah, I see you have selected our honeymoon suite, how lovely.
Sherlock didn't need to be told twice, and within minutes he had amassed a considerable pile of fancy bottles with names John wouldn't have had a chance in hell of pronouncing sober, let alone in his current tipsy state.
“I wanted to surprise you,” Sherlock whispered shyly.
He gently pulled out, giving Sherlock a quick peck, before disentangling himself from their embrace to pad to the bathroom to retrieve a wet washcloth.
Two hours later John’s legs were aching, his shirt drenched with sweat, and the determination to kill Sherlock when he eventually found him was the only thing still spurring him on. He turned down yet another rocky path and slowly became aware of the sound of splashing water. Frowning, he quickened his pace, rounding a corner to come out into an open area. Surrounded on all sides by a distant border of trees was a large natural lake, the impossibly clear turquoise water almost shimmering in the midday sun. Birds soared overhead, and electric blue dragonflies perched on the large outcrop of rocks that dotted the shoreline. It was as though he had stepped into another world. John blinked hard several times with his mouth slightly agape, but his disbelief had less to do with the scenery, and more to do with the only other human being present. None other than Sherlock Holmes was floating on his back in the middle of the lake with his eyes closed, spread out like some sort of long-limbed, pale starfish-wearing nothing more than a pair of purple swimming trunks that clung to his skin.
“You, Sherlock Holmes. I’m staring at you, and you’re bloody
John nipped and sucked at the other man’s throat as they worked their way up into a fast rhythm, intent on marking him. Sherlock grabbed John’s free hand roughly and closed it around his cock, which had been bouncing neglected against his stomach as they rocked. John happily obliged, pumping the flushed organ in his closed fist as he thrust into him. The doctor paused a moment to adjust his angle, and the very next roll of his hips drove him straight into Sherlock’s prostate.
"Still cold then? Come here."
“You smell much better now. Good.”
or worse, speak with my parents.” Sherlock complained, “Mummy has barely stopped crying all day. She’s gone through three packs of tissues, two handkerchiefs and is now working on going through the linen from dinner.”
“And I love you too” John laughed, the smile immediately falling from his face as Sherlock began to sob once again, “I… Wait, what are you telling me here?”
Everything went white and static around him as he shuddered, repeating Sherlock's name over and over like a sacred prayer.
“Oh… OH!” John finally caught on to what Sherlock was saying, then groaned low in his throat, “Is that what you do when I have an early night, eh? Wait until I’m in bed and then go to your room and finger yourself open?”
"Come here, Doctor. I need tending to" Sherlock whispered huskily.
John wheezed out a disbelieving laugh.
The next thing John knew, he was being spun round by a furious looking Sherlock who pinned John against the kitchen cabinets.
John laughed. "Alright tough guy, I'll meet you in the kitchen."
we ever get married, I’ll buy you a rock as big as your sodding
Sherlock, on the other hand, clearly had no intention of closing his mouth.
“How long were you standing there?” Mycroft asked when they were finally alone.
John closed his mouth around it and began to bob up and down, the detective’s hips flying off the bed.
brilliant."
"Yes, John?"
“Come on, Sherlock…”
Just when he was about to give up hope and go sprinting into the woods in the dark after his infuriating partner, the sound of approaching footsteps made him jump.
“Shh, I’ve got you. This ok?”
Sherlock nodded, the movement minuscule as he could barely move his head with John’s hands around his cheeks.
“Fucking
“To him, the idea that you worked so hard to see him happy with John is probably too far fetched for him to believe. He’s waiting for the catch, for the other shoe to drop. You need to show him that there isn’t one.”
The few days which followed the awkward-wanking-incident as John was starting to mentally call it, were fairly quiet. John went to work and returned home to Sherlock where they ate their meals in companionable quiet, sharing rooms but barely having any conversation that wasn’t small talk. Sherlock seemed to be watching John more intently, and John ensured that he peppered in small details about his upcoming date.
John smiled and slowly slid them down Sherlock’s legs, inch by inch, until his impressively large cock sprang up to his belly, flushed and hard.
Sherlock looked at him, eyes wide with wonder. “John it is
Sherlock's hands found John's bare chest as they kissed, long cold fingers trailing down his chest, tangling in the patch of slightly grey hair there.
“Do you want to become a couple with my brother, or not? Because I can walk out of here with no hint of trouble.” Mycroft sneered, wincing at the shrill laugh of a woman behind them.
“Ladies and Gentlemen,” the announcer said into the microphone which was attached to a stand in front of a large, live band, “Please put your hands together for Mr and Mr Lestrade-Holmes!”
“So my brother decided to play matchmaker because he was bored, and now I am indebted to him for the rest of eternity? Seems fair.”
It was just Sherlock after all, wasn't it?
"John?"
“And if you’re lucky, there’s something else we haven’t done yet that we might try in the morning. I’ll let you make your deductions. I’m sure it won’t take you long at all to crack this particular case” he whispered into his lover’s ear.
“Jesus Sherlock, look at me.”
John awoke the next morning with a groan, thanks to a very persistent bird that insisted on announcing its presence. He rolled over only to find Sherlock already gone, his sleeping bag and clothes from the day before messily discarded.
“Well, I...
“You need to eat something, your body is probably eating itself and causing you to go dizzy. I’ll make you some toast” John suggested, helping Sherlock sit back up and then pushing himself up from the sofa. The movement forced Sherlock’s nose near John’s jumper, the scent of warmth and home and a pinch of sweat from John’s workday making something in Sherlock clench again and then worryingly he began to realise that it wasn’t just internal problems being caused by John - it was exterior as well.
"I just mean it has been refreshing to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city for a while and breathe in some fresh air. That sort of thing."
When it first began the kiss was soft, innocent, experimental.
"Now you look here, sir! I am unsure of your problem today, but you are
"This is under control, I'm a doctor!" John said as he shoved a pile of cash on the table for their bill and dragged Sherlock hurriedly out the door before anyone called the fucking
“What’s going on?” John asked, puzzled as he put a hand on Sherlock’s forehead only to be slapped away dramatically.
John decided he couldn’t take it anymore and pulled Sherlock’s face down until there were barely inches between them, hesitating a moment to look at him.
"What is that look for?" John frowned, not missing a thing.
He gasped silently, and his heart jumped into his throat.
Mycroft Holmes was a sodding
John sucked and bit at Sherlock's graceful neck as he rutted into the warmth of Sherlock's body with increasing pace, purposely marking him in exactly the same spot Sherlock had done the very first time they ever shared a bed.
Greg had excused himself politely after a couple of hours, leaving John alone to finish his drink and brood unhappily as he was nudged and knocked by other pub-goers who were much happier and optimistic. John had paid for his drink, took two large gulps and then replaced it back onto the beer mat as someone sat beside him in the vacant seat which Greg had once occupied.
John laughed.
“We have plenty of time to explore more when you’re ready. But for now, let’s just cuddle” he said softly, pressing a short peck to the detective’s red and swollen lips.
“Sherlock?” John called through the closed door, foot tapping impatiently.
He sat back for a moment, drinking in the sight before him, the whole picture finally revealed in all its glory.
“Mycroft?”
He slid down to the floor of the shower, wrapping his arms around his knees and silently sobbing as the water beat down on his head.
“We don’t have
“It’s alright, just be careful, okay? Get back here and finish what you started.”
“Yes, I was right, as always” he purred, eyes still flicking to John’s cock.
“But there is something I ought to tell you, John.”
“Exactly. Everybody is a rubbish kisser at first Sherlock, it takes
“Here, let me help you with that” John grinned.
“It’ll take a while and -- it might not be comfortable at first…” John confessed, remembering the few times he had attempted to fuck his previously girlfriends anally. They hadn’t been fans of the sensation, and John was worried that Sherlock might not like it either - or that he was rushing into it.
“Didn’t we just cover that?”
“Piss off.” Mycroft snarled, interrupted by a sudden knock at the door on the end of the phone. Sherlock hid a grin behind his hand as he heard Lestrade answer it and gasp loudly.
After a few moments of enjoying his hisses of pleasure John slid down Sherlock's trousers until just his underwear remained and moved down his body until his hand could be replaced with his mouth.
Wasting no time, the doctor made quick work of undoing the annoying piece of clothing, tossing it out onto the floor.
John disappeared to fetch him the toast. Once he was out of the room Sherlock eyed the slight bulge in his pants with interest and reached for a cushion to strategically place over his lap to hide his sudden arousal from the doctor.
Sherlock hissed, obviously unable to hide the grimace of pain and discomfort as he was stretched wider than he ever had been before. John stilled his hips, holding steady even though his entire body ached with the overwhelming desire to just
Sherlock shook his head.
“Christ,
The consulting detective had begrudgingly shuffled along behind John with a toddler-like scowl as he flitted between stores, loading up their trolley with so many expensive items Sherlock was sure they'd be forced to live off instant noodles for a month.
Sherlock chuckled and captured his lips lazily again,
love heart which protruded slightly from between Sherlock’s buttocks. John gasped, looking up at his lover who was slightly blushing and hiding his face in the pillows.
“Well I happened to be half asleep when that conversation occurred, if memory serves.”
When he came back down to earth he smiled and flopped down atop Sherlock, spent and sated. When breath returned to his lungs he kissed him, long and slow.
Sherlock groaned, taking another deep drag of his cigarette before flicking it away where it landed among the perfectly cultivated roses. Sherlock pushed past John, both of them heading inside where the heat of the room rushed over them, making John’s shirt stick unpleasantly to his skin. John noticed Sherlock pointedly ignoring his mother who had once again begun to cry as she watched her eldest child head to the dancefloor, hand in hand with his new groom.
Greg had sunk down a few inches in his seat, looking as though he would quite like to hide under the table. John would happily join him.
The kiss went from sweet to sensual and desperate in moments, John's hands coming up to slide under Sherlock's shirt and settle on his ribs as they gasped into each other's greedy mouths.
The younger man fumbled awkwardly as he took John’s member in hand, wrapping a tight-fisted hand around it and giving it a few experimental tugs.
“I love you too, you dickhead.” John laughed, pushing their foreheads together and then leaning down to press a soft kiss to Sherlock’s lips.
All eyes went to the plate as Mycroft slowly lifted off the lid, revealing a small velvet box sitting atop a pile of red rose petals.
“Fine, but can you hurry up? It’s getting dark, and you picked the most complicated tent to set up in the entire camping store as it is.”
Sherlock’s cheeks coloured slightly, and he set about cleaning the dirt and debris out of the graze without meeting John’s eyes. They sat in an odd silence as the detective applied antiseptic, the burn nothing more than an annoyance to John in comparison to the unforgettable bite of a bullet.
One groan from Sherlock into his open mouth was all it took to kick John into full gear.
"Goodness John, is something wrong?" Sherlock asked with mock sincerity, his face the picture of innocence.
Sherlock nodded at him subtly with a reassuring smile, and draped his hand across the back of John’s chair.
"But how did you know I would invite you to share the bed?" John asked, brow furrowed.
But front and centre on a little platform was the bed, an obnoxiously large wooden four poster affair complete with silk canopy.
“I almost bit the tip of your sodding tongue off, John!” Sherlock snapped.
“Fuck… Fuck…
Without another word, the older man shot to his feet and fled for the safety of his bedroom, the echo of his door shutting firmly the only sound in the suddenly heart breaking silence of the flat.
“How many other Mycroft’s are there in London?” John attempted to bite back, but his hips were already desperately seeking out the heat from Sherlock, urging them to touch.
“Bored” Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly, giving no further explanation.
“Someone is sure of themselves!”
Both men were silent as they started their ascent, tinny jazz music the only sound in the metal box.
John grinned and then watched as the newlyweds moved through the crowd around the room.
He didn’t even have to wonder what was behind this particular composition.
John was acutely aware of every point where his body met the side of Sherlock's, the touch burning an invisible hole through his sleeping bag. He rolled onto his side to curl into himself and allowed himself a moment to stare at the larger man lying next to him. He had seen Sherlock sleep before, but it never failed to surprise him just how different he looked when his guard was down.
“You are many things, John, but a good liar isn’t one of them. As you talked you presented every sign of someone not telling the truth there is. But I had to be sure, hence sending the informant that I’m sure my brother would have spotted quite immediately.”
“Yes. It’s time I finally returned this particular favour, John.”
John smiled, leaning up to recapture Sherlock’s mouth.
“Not a problem, John.” Greg replied, “Just grab your keys from reception when you’re ready. My husband and I…” he grinned at that and then lifted Mycroft’s hand up to his lips to kiss, “Are going to mingle and then hopefully grab some sandwiches before Mrs Hudson eats the lot. For some reason, she has the munchies… but I couldn’t possibly comment.” he snorted.
But after all this was only Sherlock.
Sherlock’s lower lip wobbled and his eyes were filled with tears as he nodded “I want that too.” he confessed, before hesitating “John… I… that is… I’ve never said…”
He reached for Sherlock's lips again, sliding a hand down the length of Sherlock's body until it settled over the bulge in his pants.
“How the
Sherlock.”
John felt Sherlock stiffen beside him, just a fraction of a second of tension before he was back to his nonchalant posture. John barely had a moment to consider the change of atmosphere before he heard the announcer informing the guests that the happy couple would soon be having their first dance.
“No. Go away.” John heard Sherlock say and turned to look, watching Sherlock leaning against the wall, one foot flat on the bricks and the curls of his hair pushed into the wall. He was fussing with his mobile with one hand, the other was holding a lit cigarette which he brought up to his mouth, took a long drag and then began to blow smoke rings into the night air.
“Shit!” Sherlock gasped, grabbing John’s arms with white knuckles, but within moments of John slowly working his finger in and out the gasp turned to moans.
“Very funny, John. Arachnophobia is nothing to laugh about!” Sherlock tried to sound convincing but wasn’t even buying it himself - he doubted John would either.
But they had only ever been friends.
John was beyond relieved for the distraction when the waiter arrived to take their orders.
"Sherlock please, you're starting to scare me now!"
“Wha’ you doing here?” John asked, frowning dramatically and splashing a drop of his drink onto the fleshy part of his thumb which he leaned down and sucked into his mouth, “Don’ you have -- erm -- the --” he realised he had no idea what insult to use and simply muttered “Piss off.”
“You missed a spot, John.”
Sherlock bit his lip and slid the dial-up several notches. John jumped in his seat and bit his own hand to stifle a moan.
What was it that Irene Adler had said?
John chuckled, and began working on the buttons of Sherlock's shirt. Just as he was about to toss it to the floor, crying began from behind them.
“Sherlock, we’ve been dating for
"You're inebriated. How amusing."
“No! No, everything is fine! I thought… I thought I saw a spider!” Sherlock explained, frowning at his inability to lie under pressure.
“For what, coming on the trip? I’m just doing my job, Sherlock. We’re supposed to be solving the case together, remember? Someone had to stop you from ingesting something poisonous and bloody dying” he laughed, grinning at him.
Sherlock pulled the cover from his face, and John saw the moment that his eyes lit up with excitement. The chance to possibly traumatize Mycroft with intimate details obviously making him slightly giddy.
“The hearts! Honestly, John, it isn’t as though I asked you to do anything diffic-....” he trailed off, staring at the older man’s wound, and John became aware of the feeling of a small amount of warm blood trickling down his leg.
Sherlock’s mouth quirked up further as he stared at him, but John couldn’t understand what the detective found so amusing. It was almost as though he had sensed John’s discomfort, and was enjoying it. But that was impossible, surely,  because Sherlock had no idea about John’s true sexuality.
"There's something you need to know, John. What I'm about to say to you could cost me everything, but staying silent and allowing it to consume me seems a much worse fate" Sherlock said slowly, eyes falling to the floor.
John felt his heart rate inexplicably rise.
He had been a terrible spouse, and John Watson-Holmes deserved better.
more than I’ve ever needed anything in my entire life. I refuse to wait another moment when we’ve already lost so much time.”
“So it seems,” John said as he looked around the room, standing up and taking off his jacket before wandering around, opening drawers and then stopping still.
Mycroft smiled for the first time since they arrived.
John leaned in, attempting to kiss Sherlock only to be stopped when the detective pulled back, turning his head and avoiding John’s lips which made something deep in John’s belly clench.
Some time later, when John had finally donned what he hoped was the appropriaten outfit, and it was ten minutes until he was due to leave, the reality of what he was about to do hit home and the
There was nothing left of the world but the two of them, and John had forgotten how to breathe suddenly, the air around them sizzling.
have you been? I was about to come looking for you!”
"Here you go. I'm not leaving until I've seen you eat it" John said when he returned a few minutes later holding a plate of buttered toast, startling Sherlock out of his pondering.
“Jesus, Sherlock.” John ground out, eyes fluttering back as his hips thrust forward to rub against Sherlock’s thigh, “Are you sure?”
"Nothing John, I'm just very happy to be here with you tonight."
The symptoms… the sensations…
“Happy now?” he whispered, running a thumb along the outline of the younger man’s lips.
“Sherlock?” he frowned when they met eyes in the doorway.
A streaked eyebrow arched at him.
“Beg your pardon?” John wheezed, mouth slightly agape.
Sherlock leaned up to press a lingering kiss to John’s swollen lips.
John raised a curious brow but didn’t push the issue. There would be plenty of time to get the sordid little details out of him later.
"Too many clothes. Get this shirt off
“Mmm?”
Sherlock growled, grabbing John by the arms to pull him onto the bed and roll him so that the doctor was beneath him, startling a small shriek out of the older man.
Not for the first time, he found himself briefly wondering whether the whole thing was just a brutal scheme Mycroft had designed to screw with his younger brother and hurt John all at the same time, just for kicks. He was a Holmes, after all.
. He was taking that little piece of trivia to his bloody
When they returned to their seats, both men looked happier than John had ever seen them. Lestrade was grinning so widely it sent a shiver of second hand joy down John’s spine.
"At least I know I am in good hands, then" Sherlock grinned, making John snort.
“As usual John, you see but you do not observe. If you look to your left, you will find my bag under a tree, which has your swimming shorts on top of it.”
John forced himself to take a deep breath, letting it out slowly.
"Sherlock, wait" he panted as he let go of Sherlock's warm lips, earning him an annoyed groan from the other man.
“You -- I --” John gasped,
“Sherlock, don’t. It’s my fault, I shouldn’t have been rushing you so much.”
John chuckled.
Sherlock gasped, clearly just as aware of the matching hardness now pressing against his own as John was.
Hesitantly Sherlock halted, lifting his head to stare down at him.
John attentively licked away the droplet of scarlet blood that beaded on the man's lip, before his tongue turned its attention to the seam of Sherlock's mouth.
Katie and the band began a soft version of
John noted that until that precise moment ‘bliss’ had been just a word.
to me.”
But this wasn't just any man, it was Sherlock.
The older man sat on the edge of the sofa beside him, and his close proximity brought back the same scent which had gotten him into his current predicament, a scent that was so uniquely
"Goodnight, John" Sherlock murmured in the dark.
“Ah fantastic, thank you so much.” John responded, “I really wasn’t looking forward to paying for a cab to come all this way out and then home.”
“I don’t know, there has to be somewhere we can take shelter. We are sitting ducks if we stay here!” Sherlock shouted, trying to make himself heard over the roar of the rain.
Sherlock offered an uneasy smile, but there was no mistaking the trust in his eyes.
Casting a furtive glance at the younger man, John observed Sherlock's arms folded across his chest, his brows knit into a frown that he couldn't quite decipher, but he tried not to dwell on it.
Sherlock blinked at him, seemingly still unable to understand the issue.
“Come! I’m going to fucking
John squeezed a generous amount of the substance into his hand, coating his fingers and rubbing it between them to warm it.
in the middle of a crowded
"No! Not the bloody
Sherlock eagerly resumed kissing the doctor as they backed into the room, something John was certain he was never going to tire of. When the backs of Sherlock’s long legs hit the end of the bed, John wordlessly pressed him down onto it, his eyes locked on him as he hit the mattress.
Sherlock cleared his throat. "Good evening. We have rooms booked, under Lestrade-Holmes?"
John hissed when his fingernail scraped a nipple, his lips turning their attention to the side of Sherlock's pale neck, licking and sucking at the soft skin.
Parting his lips in anguish, he began to rock back and forth as he cried.
“For what, my love?” he whispered, placing a hand over Sherlock’s thundering heart.
Sherlock nodded, and together they set about the task. Much to John’s surprise, the younger man did very little complaining, and together they had a generous fire built up in minutes.
“No, I didn’t. Now, will you please let me through so I can go clean and dress this before it becomes infected?” John asked, jaw clenched in frustration.
Before John could even pull out his keys, the door was flung open by a wild-eyed consulting detective squinting into the late afternoon light as though it pained him.
” Sherlock whined.
Sherlock was so startled he slipped off him and fell on his arse.
John just sat, blinking up at him.
John felt a pang of guilt.
John huffed out a shocked laugh and wasted no more time in claiming his full lips.
Deciding he couldn’t bear to wait any longer, John hooked a finger under the waistband of Sherlock’s damp boxers and slid them down and off the detective’s long legs, his flushed, slender cock springing free against his belly.
“What do you mean? Surely you’ve at least-”
----------------------------------------------------------------------
With a shaky hand, John reached out to reverently brush a wet curl out of Sherlock’s eyes. He closed his eyes for a moment at John’s touch, smiling.
“Seemingly.” John smiled but felt his heart throb with adoration. This silly bloody man that he loved.
" John chastised, but couldn't help the corner of his mouth turning up slightly despite himself.
Sherlock snorted. "Goodbye, Mycroft. D-don't disturb me again."
He reached for Sherlock’s hands, entwining their fingers.
Sherlock's stomach growled loudly, and he frowned. "Hmm. Hungry."
“But...he started it!” Sherlock whined, crossing his arms like a petulant child.
This was new territory for both of them after all, and neither man had a map.
John hissed, letting his hips rock back and forth into Sherlock’s larger, masculine hand. It felt strange, definitely much different to being with a woman as Sherlock’s science callused fingers shakily rubbed and caressed with an innocence that showed his inexperience.
Not even Mary had been able to fill it.
Sherlock came into view, casually juggling an armful of wood without a care in the world.
Sherlock took John’s hand in his and kissed the back of it tenderly.
John kicked off his shoes and joined him, spreading out his supplies on the table. Once the area was sterilised and Sherlock's hand anaesthetised, John set to work, concluding that they had been very lucky and a hospital visit was not required, the knife having missed anything important.
He had started by asking Sherlock’s opinion on a new shirt (
“Sherlock?” he called softly, laying a hand on the taller man’s shoulder.
"Try me!"
“Good
“We aren’t due to be picked up until tomorrow afternoon, so I’d say we’ve got some time on our hands to make up for it.”
He saw no need for protection- he knew he was clean, and Sherlock obviously would be.
"You appear to be choking, John" he observed matter of factly.
Sherlock stared at him for a long moment, and John briefly wondered if he was going to cry.
“But the conveniently broken heating was a masterstroke that I agreed to credit to Gladys downstairs. The rose petals and champagne were her too. Also, there is no case. I arranged for Lestrade to call us. The whole thing was a set up.”
“Am I dying?” Sherlock whispered in a panic, eyes wide and slightly filled with terror, “My heart is pounding and my mouth is dry and -- and -- my stomach feels like there are swarms of bees in there!”
Slowly John removed his hand from Sherlock’s, allowing him to undo his belt and peel off his drenched jeans as they returned to sharing bruising kisses. Sherlock’s eyes fell to the bulge tenting John’s wet underwear, and he licked his lips slightly. John worked to help him out of his own trousers, and just like that there was nothing but two small pieces of fabric between them. John eyed Sherlock’s own sizeable bulge with a growl and resumed grinding down into him eagerly. Sherlock moaned, mirroring John’s movements until they had built up into an almost unbearable rhythm of friction.
anything, brother mine. I simply wanted to offer a bit of advice. It's my duty as an older sibling."
When Lestrade had phoned offering the pair a last-minute case late one afternoon, John had made the stupid mistake of allowing Sherlock to book their travel and lodging arrangements for once.
“I’m sorry if that upsets you, but that’s not my problem, Sherlock.”
Their kiss turned feral, messy and desperate as Sherlock cried out with bliss, grabbing and reaching to pull John closer, harder against him with a choking inhale and a yell of John’s name before he came hard, soaking between their bodies in pulses of thick, pearlescent come which made their bellies slippy as John continued to move desperately.
“Alright, now just try to relax for me, okay? Take a deep breath.”
“Wow,” he croaked after a moment.
Sherlock moaned, and John slowly licked a blazing trail up it from base to tip, before closing his mouth around it with his eyes on the other man.
John tutted, and Sherlock's hands were slowly peeled away from his face.
Sherlock smiled sadly.
Keeping his eyes trained on Sherlock the whole time he very slowly began to trace the puckered skin over and over.
John gently lifted the blanket up and over both of their cold bodies. It was quite thin, but still better than nothing.
John’s own cock was a little different to Sherlock’s, slightly shorter but thicker.
"Me? Nothing at all" Sherlock smiled, doing a horrible job of feigning innocence.
He lined the head of his cock up with Sherlock’s entrance, and slowly pushed the tip inside, groaning at the glorious heat.
“I’ve been meaning to thank you, John” Sherlock finally spoke, making the doctor jump slightly.
The bulge that tented Sherlock’s black underwear was leaving a damp patch,  and was much bigger than he had expected. His own member twitched in appreciation.
John's heart swelled as he nodded and brought Sherlock's hand up to his mouth to kiss before beginning to kiss up Sherlock's neck and shoulders, over his chest and then back up to his lips which he kissed with passion, dipping his tongue into Sherlock's mouth and groaning as his hands explored across the soft, perfect skin of Sherlock's abdomen. Sherlock's breathing hitched when John brushed against his nipples which were swollen and taut against John's fingers. Smiling devilishly, John massaged the nubs with his fingertips, rolling them and pinching them gently as he kissed and licked with desire.
“Sorry, this might sting” Sherlock warned him, making John chuckle.
Was this really happening?
His roaming hands reached the top of the taller man’s trousers and stilled.
He makes the same "squeaky door" joke each time he farts 5/10
Sherlock
“It’s -- feeling better.” Sherlock confessed, biting his bottom lip “Still feels like I’m being impaled but -- it’s not as intense.”
John growled as their erections brushed against each other, a thrill running through him at finding that the other man was just as hard as he was. He wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s broad back and began rolling his hips down into him, grinding their still-clothed cocks together. Sherlock gasped into his mouth and released his lips long enough to grab a fistful of John’s shirt and tug it over his head. John grinned and one-upped him by ripping Sherlock’s own shirt clean off, sending buttons flying across the room. Their lips gravitated back together of their own volition, and Sherlock’s hand slid down John’s chest as they kissed to rest on the fly of his jeans.
He paused for a moment, and John saw moisture gathering in his green-blue eyes.
“Fuck…” John moaned, knowing that this was a silly idea - there were still a lot of issues that could be caused by unprotected anal sex, plus the cleaning element was always easier - but he found that he couldn’t manage to care. He wanted to explore that area of sexual activity with someone who he loved and trusted unequivocally, “Okay… Yeah… Let’s do it.”
"Sure, and I'm a uni-unicorn. Tell me what yew want or I'm hanging up."
"Jesus, Sherlock. This is
John paused, knowing full well what he had to do, but needing a moment to muster the courage to do it.
Sherlock grinned and reached out, slowly tracing his thumb across it.
“Does Saturday work for you? There is a new restaurant I have been meaning to visit, and we might as well kill two birds with one stone, as it were.”
“You’re annoying!” John grumbled under his breath, as he tried to sit up without wincing from the headache currently battering his skull.
"I am the one that made the error, John. Please, I insist."
“No!” Sherlock scoffed. “You were the best big brother. How else would I  have learnt that the hottest planet in our solar system is 450° C?”
“So how long?” Sherlock asked him when John rejoined him on the floor, entwining his legs with the smaller man’s and wrapping his arms around him.
Sherlock gasped loudly as John began to slowly slide his finger in and out of his warm channel, making the concerned doctor immediately stop in his tracks.
Sherlock spat. “You’re dating men now? Why, have you tampered with the entire supply of sexual age women in London and the surrounding areas?”
John grinned.
“Not tonight.” John sighed, “Come on! You promised.”
“Perhaps we should see if my hypothesis is correct that the same is true of you” he grinned, fumbling to get to John’s pyjama trousers.
Deciding that going first might make Sherlock feel a little more comfortable, John guided Sherlock’s hand to the top of his pants and covered it with his own. Very slowly, he pulled them down and off, his flushed cock springing free. He heard Sherlock gulp and release a breathy laugh simultaneously as he eyed it.
“What are you doing, you bellend?” John sighed, “Let me in!”
“I believe I already have some very important information to share in regards to this case.”
Still Sherlock’s fault. Him and his stupid, glorious arse.
Sherlock's eyes darted over to Rosie, who mercifully had slept through his yelling.
With nowhere else to look their gazes locked, the candlelight dancing across their faces, an impossibly loud silence stretching out into infinity between them.
Sherlock began to thrust into the wet heat engulfing him, and John managed to swallow down most of him without his gag reflex kicking in.
“If you had bothered to even look up in the last few months, you would have noticed that your brother and I have been bonding recently. He grounds me when I feel like I’m being crushed by the weight of my life, and he makes me feel
“I wanted to surprise you,” Sherlock whispered shyly.
Sherlock gasped, but made no effort to stop him.
Sherlock closed his laptop, which had died hours before, and set it aside on the seat beside him.
“Nevermind Sherlock, it’s not important.”
“Now let's see, it’s been a while, but…” John trailed off, changing position slightly to readjust his angle. His very next deep thrust hit Sherlock directly in the prostate, and the man beneath him screamed out a series of colourful curses, hands twisting in the sheets.
“John?”
“Alright. But if it gets too much, you will tell me, yeah?”
John decided he had never seen anything hotter in his entire life.
When he found himself face to face with his wardrobe, he swore.
“Yes. He is quite worried about you, and I for one would also like to see my brother stop moping about the place like an oversized toddler, so I have devised a strategy to bring the two of you together.”
“Well, no” Sherlock reluctantly replied, blushing crimson.
When his orgasm ripped through him his knees buckled and he cried out Sherlock’s name and bit into his fist to stifle his loud cry as he came, painting his hand and the shower tiles in front of him with his hot seed.
This is your chance. Grow a pair and just be honest.
. I'm your husband, and supporting each other is what married people are supposed to do! You deserve someone who supports you John, not
. I just want him to love me as much as I love him, to be as happy for us as I am for him and John!” Mycroft exclaimed, hand fisted in his partner’s shirt.
“You like it when your lovers stimulate your nipples.” Sherlock said in a flat tone, eyes flicking across John’s face with rapid deductions, “Oh! And biting. You like biting.”
“I was hot, and it was here. You should join me, John. The water is nice, and you look like you could use a chance to cool down” he said casually, watching him.
“Am I going too fast?” John nervously probed, feeling that his heart might explode if Sherlock said yes.
Hesitantly Sherlock went down on him again, only this time with John’s hand wound tightly into his dark curls to keep control of his movements. Within moments they had built up a steady rhythm, John throwing his head back in ecstasy and thrusting his hips towards his mouth as Sherlock gradually brought him closer and closer to climax.
He is just too loveable, brave, loyal and perfect. I am in trouble. 10/10
Calmly John scooped up a handful of paint and smeared it across Sherlock’s face with his fingers.
"I figured as much. You do know you are safe with me, don't you Sherlock? We don't have to take this any further than you want to. The second you feel uncomfortable just tell me to stop and we will, no questions asked."
"Make sure you get all the most expensive bottles. If we are going to do this, let's do it in
“You’re welcome” John grinned, lifting his head to look at the man underneath him.
John nodded dumbly, making a conscious effort to look him in the eyes, rather than at his chest.
“Fucking hell,” John muttered to himself with a dopey grin on his face, pushing open their unlocked front door and hanging up his coat and kicking off his shoes. He called out a greeting to Sherlock, aware that the man was around somewhere as he had seen the curtains twitching. Baker Street was still, tense, awaiting a confrontation and holding its breath.
"Does he keep his suit on? Speak in Latin as he's approaching his climax?"
There should be one more sort of chapter/prologue after this... but thank you so much for all of your support and comments. It's been overwhelming!
John flailed his arms desperately, with a face that said both 'help me you bloody idiot' and 'I am going to kill you', and finally Sherlock understood.
"Hmm?"
John kissed it away tenderly, and then they were both crying softly, holding each other so tightly in the darkness no force on heaven or earth could ever tear them apart.
The devastated expression Mycroft’s face had crumpled into as he pressed it to Greg’s shoulder was one that Sherlock had never seen on his sibling. Emotions were always seen as a weakness between the pair, and Sherlock realised he had missed so much over the years.
The doctor snorted and set to work filling his backpack with supplies.
“Are you suggesting Sherlock has feelings for me?”
John made a mental note to suggest Sherlock dye his hair that colour later, just to piss him off.
When they arrived at the flat, John carefully helped Sherlock out of the car. "You aren't going to faint on me, are you? Because I am
“Shut. Up.” Sherlock hissed, “You smell like him. You
Sherlock had already informed him that he wished for them to go on a long trek the next morning in search of the ever-elusive mushrooms.
It had taken John a solid week to convince Sherlock Holmes that they should decorate every square inch of the flat they could with Christmas lights and decorations this year, and another two days to convince him to
John felt giddy, unable to process the information fast enough.
John laughed, stroking a stray curl out of the suddenly shy detective’s eyes.
Sherlock was too far away to hear the conversation, but the way John's posture slumped and his eyes rolled as he talked was telling enough.
"Sherlock? Stop."
“I know it wasn’t, John. I worked it out before you even went on the date when you first told me of your plans with Mycroft.”
Had it been minutes, or was it hours? Days?
“Jesus Sherlock, you’re so
Where Lestrade had gotten the money he had no idea.
Besides, at this point what more did he have to lose? At least he would get a posh meal that he wouldn’t be footing the bloody bill for.
Sherlock cleared his throat, and took a moment to steady his breathing and bring his heart rate down to a more manageable level before he spoke.
already for Christ’s sake, John!” Sherlock ground out, breaking him from his trance.
Frowning, he pulled it free.
Mycroft snarled at Sherlock like a rabid beast, and Greg just groaned, putting his face in his hands.
That ended as soon as John accidentally nipped Sherlock's bottom lip with a tooth.
He realized that Sherlock was starting to subtly shift from foot to foot, and his eyes fell to his crotch, where there was a definite bulge tenting the front of Sherlock’s trousers that he was desperately trying to hide from John.
“I thought I had spotted a small cluster of Fools Cap in the distance when I was collecting wood so I went to have a closer look, but it turns out they were just regular mushrooms” he shrugged, dropping his harvest at John’s feet.
John took a moment to collect himself, before lethargically dragging himself upright.
“John!” Greg shouted, making his way through a crowd of well-wishers and grabbing John for a sweaty hug. Mycroft stood beside them and gave John a smile, his hand still in Greg’s own.
He reached for his own shirt, removing it in a manner that deliberately mirrored John’s earlier action. Was this heading where John thought it was?
A bolt of heat went straight to John’s groin at the idea, a soft moan escaping him. “Of course you can, Sherlock. Anything you want.”
, you really are beautiful from head to toe, aren’t you Sherlock?” he whispered, voice full of awe as he stared at the man.
“No, John. I want to see you and make you feel as good as you just made me feel. Will you
Groaning, he reached for his phone on the nightstand, squinting at the painfully bright little screen.
John laughed. "Cheeky git."
With tears brimming in his eyes, Mycroft held out his hand for him to slide the ring onto his finger. The ring that John knew for a fact was expensive enough to feed a third world country.
His own reaction perplexed him.
It was only then that John realised that Sherlock was trembling.
“It’s true. I was a terrible big brother.”
“And you?” Sherlocked asked, his lips impatiently finding the side of John’s neck.
“You should be ashamed of yourself, Sherlock.”
fashion.”
John frowned. "Ok then, but if you start feeling off again come fetch me, won't you?"
“Sorry!” he exclaimed, looking stung.
“John…” Sherlock chastised with a glare, “I am perfectly aware of my own tolerances. I might be celibate but I’m not a monk… I have -- done things.” he blushed again, “By myself.”
"I didn't. But you are renowned for being too kind for you own good, so I figured if I made a whole show of being cold the chances were pretty high."
“Bossy,” John grumbled happily before opening Sherlock's trousers, helping the detective to shimmy out of them until the fabric fell to the bedroom floor with a wisp of sound. Sherlock's cock was tenting his pants massively, the placket of his boxers was soaked through with precome which only made the long line of him more noticeable. John's mouth watered as he let his hand move across that bulge, cupping it and feeling his hand become wet from the ejaculate.
“Oh, Sherlock I...I think that’s the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.”
John was all too happy to oblige, driving blow after blow directly into the detective’s sweet spot, Sherlock wrapping his legs around John and holding on for dear life as he cried out his name over and over.
John stared at the silver object protruding from his pale hand for a moment in disbelief, unable to comprehend what he was seeing. After a moment he snapped out of it, and went straight into doctor mode, immediately setting about tearing the expensive cloth napkins into makeshift bandages that he wrapped around Sherlock’s injury.
John slapped his arm, staring intensely into his lover's hypnotising eyes. "Say it. I want to hear you say it."
A massive thanks for all the love and support we have received on this work, the encouragement means more than you know!
"Allow me to ass...assist yew."
"Of course, yes. Goodnight!"
"I love you. So bloody much."
“No. Touching myself was never of any interest.”
Sherlock chuckled, and John felt the deep rumbles from where he rested against his broad chest.
confused.
He realized that Sherlock had been talking, and mentally shook himself.
The doctor rolled his eyes, already disappearing in the direction of the backlit marble bar, then leaping up onto one of the leather stools twirling around on it like a small child, while Sherlock went behind it to start pawing at the shelves.
Sherlock lay on the sofa miserably, his legs curled up under him and his head on a pillow on Mrs Hudson’s lap. The older woman stroked his hair softly and motherly, occasionally making soft noises when Sherlock whimpered with sadness. Mrs Hudson had heard Sherlock’s cries from downstairs and had immediately rushed up (well, as quickly as her bum hip would allow) to comfort her surrogate son as he sobbed. Mrs Hudson hadn’t seen Sherlock this upset since his last withdrawal when he spent two days cramping and crying as the toxic drugs leached from his system.
John nodded, but raised an eyebrow to himself, surprised at the unusually chivalrous gesture.
Without a word, Sherlock was on his feet and ducking through the small tent entrance. Trying to remind himself that such behavior wasn't unusual for the detective, John put out the fire before joining him inside. Somehow, until that moment it had not dawned on him that their sleeping arrangement would mean that he would literally be lying pressed up against Sherlock an a confined space for the entire night.
“Took you a good five seconds longer than I expected.”
Sherlock had obviously wrestled with whatever he wanted to say, but instead muttered: “Make sure you rinse the bathtub out after you.”
John slowly made his way down the grassy bank, stopping short at the water’s edge. He felt the slow-moving water lap at the toes of his trainers as he eyed the pile of Sherlock’s discarded clothes. Unsure what to do, he cleared his throat loudly. Sherlock heard him and sank back down into the water to swim over to him, smiling.
he was going to fuck this up after so much time spent desperately hoping this would happen one day.
helpful, rocking Rosie's bouncer with his foot while he supervised from his chair.
“What offer, John?” Sherlock asked, one eyebrow raised.
John’s hand stilled mid wipe.
“Thank you, John.”
“Go sit down, I’ll do it” he announced, waving John in the direction of the sofa.
“That may be true, but of all the men in London, why
John reached for an old shirt on the end of the bed and began mopping up the sticky mess. When he was done Sherlock was staring up at him with wonder, reaching out to run his fingers down the older man’s cheek.
let me see you?” he whispered, his lips tickling John’s as he spoke.
“So, Gregory, how long have you been degrading yourself by throwing your sausage into that huge, pale pastry?”
“Gay? What, the ‘girlfriends aren’t really my area’ when we met wasn’t enough of a hint?”
, Sherlock!” John hissed at the deliciously sinful wet heat engulfing him, prompting the uncertain younger man to lower his mouth further and further down John’s length with every moan and expletive John uttered. He hit the back of Sherlock’s throat, and the detective gagged.
"We need music! This needs to be more
“Dr Watson,
“It’s not a her…” John replied without thinking and then turned just in time to see Sherlock’s neck practically snap as he turned it rapidly, eyes wild with shock and surprise and
What if he really did enjoy spending time with the man? What if he
"N... nothing" Sherlock stammered, his cheeks reddening. "Only that I have...never done this before. Not even with a woman, let alone a man."
Sherlock began to make a series of filthy noises as they worked up into a steady rhythm, digging his nails so hard into John’s back as he clung on for dear life it hurt.
funny? I mean just the expression on your face alone…" he wheezed, pressing a fist to his mouth to prevent more laughter from escaping.
“Forget it. Just help me get this fire lit before we freeze to death.”
"Well," Sherlock began upon returning to the room, "I will take the floor John, and you may take the bed."
“I suppose I ought to be, but I was so taken aback that you would willingly go to so much effort and self-sacrifice to actually resent you for it. Plus, you hate Mycroft almost as much as I do.”
“Do enjoy Paris.” Sherlock responded, “Since you can no longer afford a chauffeur, I hear the public bus routes are not as bad as they seem.”
Within a few short moments, he was close, his moans becoming harder to stifle.
“What are you staring at?”
Sherlock's mouth open and closed a few times before words finally followed.
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock! Where the
Without warning Sherlock leaned over the top of him, dislodging John from his badly balanced stance causing them both to go crashing down into the half-filled tub of water, suits and all.
“Oh for goodness sake, John!” Sherlock mewled, “Get on with it!”
"Sherlock?" he whispered some time later, raising his head to look at the man beneath him with heavy eyelids.
How had it taken the intervention of Mycroft Holmes for him to see what was right in front of his face?
"You...I'm going to bloody
“Oh? What would that be, then?” John played along, one eyebrow raised.
Sherlock blushed to his ears and mewled, “You’re trying to embarrass me.”
John frowned a little to himself at the woman's odd choice of words.
After a moment he realized that the detective's body was still trembling.
“That may be, but where do you propose we go, Sherlock? We’re in the middle of sodding
John huffed out a laugh and bent his head to allow him better access.
Floored, John’s jaw dropped open as he stared at the other man, blinking.
John gasped and smacked him.
The doctor laughed, shaking his head.
. So when he asked me out, of course I bloody well said yes, Sherlock!” he snapped.
Baker Street was in silence as John entered the flat, Mrs Hudson having obviously taken her
"I suppose I better leave it in. It would be far too dangerous to
John laughed and they settled into a fast rhythm, Sherlock arching up to meet him thrust for thrust.
“Yes, I need you inside me.”
John reached out and took both of their throbbing cocks in hand, turning on the shower and using a combination of the water and his own spit to create slickness as he began to stroke them both in unison. Both men moaned deeply at the sensation as John pumped them both languidly with his closed fist.
“That it would,” John agreed and drank deeply from the glass, wincing at the bubbly feeling up his nose before he sighed, “S’nice.”
When his orgasm ripped through him he tried to pull out in consideration for his inexperienced partner, but Sherlock held him firmly in place as he came, surprising him by swallowing down every last drop of his release.
the hidden scent of John, the smell not mingled with Mycroft’s heady cologne.
“Forever.”
"You look as over your father's antics as I feel" he had whispered to the sleepy infant strapped to his chest, when John had apparently finally decided they were done.
“How far do you want to take this?” John asked as he positioned himself between Sherlock’s legs, leaning over him so they could share kisses in between heavy, aroused breaths, “I’m not in a rush, we don’t have to go all of the way tonight. We can go at your pace – as slow as you need.”
"You can bloody well say that again. That's the last time I let you book anything, Sherlock! How much did this even cost?"
"Ss...say, I thunks we shoullld check out that hot tu...tub" John eloquently suggested.
Sherlock
He watched as the younger man rose hesitantly from the floor, and lowered himself onto the opposite side of the bed, remaining stiff.
husband!" Sherlock finally yelled, breathing heavily as he eyed the shocked man knelt before him, mouth agape at the abrupt confession.
“And I you, Sherlock. Now enough of this, too much sentiment is bad for digestion” Mycroft quipped, clapping Sherlock on the shoulder before departing with a smile.
“Right here” he replied, gesturing to his completely clean bottom lip.
John’s heart sunk, a feeling of indescribable sadness flooding through him as he deflated and nodded sadly.
“You don’t know my brother,” Sherlock said in an almost whisper before walking away.
Moaning loudly Sherlock twisted his wrist and felt his eyes roll back in his head at the tingling which ran down to his toes. His hips were already moving by themselves, fucking up into the clasp of his hand as his mind created the most deprived images of John spread out on Sherlock’s high thread count sheets, out of his mind with pleasure and desperately asking for more. The thought of John whining and seductively wriggling for more contact brought Sherlock to the edge so quickly that he felt momentarily dizzy. The rolling pleasure of his orgasm washed over him with such intensity that Sherlock had to use the hand in his mouth to grab onto the sheets, needing something to steady himself as he came hard in thick pulses from belly to chest. Sherlock gasped, holding his breath before barking out “John!” as he came, stroking himself through the climax.
Hi guys, its Chrissy here! On behalf of Kittie and I, I would like to say a big thank you for all the support and comments we have received from day one, when this fic was nothing more than an exciting idea in our heads.
He only allowed the whole thing to last a couple of minutes, not wanting things to be over before they began, slipping off with an indecent pop.
If he woke up and this was all some dream, he was going to be
When John could stop laughing for long enough, he lowered his hands and gasped for breath.
John had his back turned to Sherlock as he said the word, stupidly choosing that moment to turn to put a cup back in the cupboard. But he didn’t miss the hitching inhale, the change in atmosphere as Sherlock computed what John had just said.
“Wow” Sherlock breathed, breaking the silence.
“Christ” John moaned,  “If you want this to last longer than the next twelve seconds you really should let go of me and stop looking so bloody gorgeous.”
John busied himself with cleaning up, trying to settle his breathing and return his heart to its regular rhythm. That had been a very close call.
If only it was that simple, John.
Brilliant, he thought, that was just what they needed.
John took a deep breath to try and slow his thundering heart and began fishing through his backpack in the near dark for his phone.
you. I will always adore you."
“John?” Sherlock said, shoulders tight with tension.
"This is g-great, but it doesn't have anything to do with that phone call, does it?"
He was silent for a moment, as though collecting himself.
He wondered just how many clues he had missed, how many signs that the detective wanted him just as badly as John did.
“Sherlock, are you absolutely sure?” he whispered, scanning his eyes.
Sherlock jumped to his feet, which was a poor decision because he lost his balance and immediately faceplanted into the floor with considerable force.
“Just make it
Ten minutes later, John had just finished putting on a pair of lacy black vibrating pants at Sherlock's request when his phone started ringing on the nightstand.
“Oh, what a shame.” Sherlock drawled, inhaling on the cigarette and meeting John’s gaze with a smirk, “Perhaps you overspent? Too many French pastries, mon frère?”
John tutted and reached out to gently bring him back around.
When she was gone, both men looked at each other before bursting into a fit of side-splitting laughter, clinging to one another.
Sherlock finally met his eyes. “I don’t want to stop, John. I…I want…”
“I wish to see if Citocybe Rivulosa, or ‘Fools Cap’ mushrooms, grow in this area so that we can determine if the murderer from the Sampson case could potentially have used them to create the poison Molly identified in the lab.”
!” John groaned out, head tipping back.
“I’ll deny it until my dying day, baby brother.”
It only took him a few moments to spot the first marking Sherlock had left, a small 'x' spray-painted on a tree in fluoro yellow at the start of a well-trodden path.
Sherlock was more confident than he had been before, his hands sliding up and down John’s back as they kissed. John gently licked at the seam of his lips, and both men moaned softly as their tongues made contact. Their kiss was slow and clumsy, but John didn’t care in the least. After a few indulgent minutes, they reluctantly parted.
"Sherlock?" he whispered into the darkness.
The detective nodded.
If he was honest, John still found it a bit mad that Mycroft and Greg were married.
“I love you, Sherlock Holmes.”
“No!” John barked, moving a hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek, “No you did the right thing. I was a moron. I got scared because… well… I felt the same way but I was terrified. I’ve never… with a man you see...”
“As much fun as I’m having, lying down here is starting to
When his temporary paralysis wore off, John cleaned them both up, tenderly wiping the evidence of their lovemaking. He was almost sad to see it go. He cradled Sherlock’s face in his hands, brushing sweaty curls out of the beautiful eyes gazing up into his with an intense adoration that stole the breath from his lungs all over again. With a smile, he bowed his head to press feathery little kisses to Sherlock’s forehead, tasting salt from the sweat dried there.
John didn’t seem to mind though and his hands tangled into Sherlock’s dark curls, setting a counter rhythm to the frantic buzz against his testicles and perineum which only brought more pleasure. He was losing himself in the bliss, moaning and letting his head fall backwards until Sherlock pulled away, wiping his mouth with his good hand and then looking up at John with arousal blown pupils.
Sherlock wasn't sitting by the remains of the fire as he was expecting. Instead, John caught sight of a note stuck to the log flapping in the wind.
“You’re in good hands.”
"Sherlock, I'm
“Mycroft.”
That evening, Sherlock was startled out of a lengthy trip to his mind palace by the sound of a key in the front door, and was surprised to realise that it was completely dark outside.
Greg had sunk down a few inches in his seat, looking as though he would quite like to hide under the table. John would happily join him.
“We managed to sort out accommodation for you both.” Mycroft said after a moment, “As you know, Gregory and I are going directly to Paris after the reception and as such there were rooms available after a quick shuffle around. We managed to procure you rooms.”
A few moments later Sherlock’s grip on John’s back tightened, his breath coming out in shudders.
When he swung the door open, John was taken aback by the opulence that surrounded them. The living area was massive and included a huge seating area, floor to ceiling glass windows that looked straight out over the countryside, and a fully stocked personal bar that faced a ginormous television.
. I thought you might have been sodding hurt, or worse!” he shouted, exasperated.
John frowned as he pressed the listening device to Sherlock’s chest, moving it around and then humming softly “Sounds clear, heart is racing but not anything to worry about unless you are in pain?”
“Anyway, I’ve left a mop and bucket in the kitchen, and if all that blasted paint isn’t gone by tomorrow I’m adding it to your rent. Not your housekeeper, boys” she smiled sweetly, before turning to plod back down the hallway.
Ten minutes later Sherlock stopped to pull a map out of his back pocket, and John helped shield him from the weather while he consulted it.
Sherlock grumbled something tersely under his breath.
John looked back at him one last time as he reached the kitchen threshold, seemingly more confused when Sherlock bolted from the living room and into his own bedroom. The second the door clicked shut Sherlock crossed the room onto the bed.
who made the first move.”
With his eyes locked on John's he closed the tiny gap between them and brought his lips down to meet his.
John sighed.
The room smelt of sex and he felt like he was about to bloody
John sighed.
“How interesting” Sherlock mused, before gently closing his lips around the glistening head.
“Are you going to tell me what Mycroft’s offer was?”
John’s tongue.
"Is that Mycrooft? Answer it."
Sherlock whimpered, feeling his lower half pinned to the kitchen cabinet as John pushed them together in a desperate need to get closer. Sherlock’s legs felt like they were jelly and he gripped at John’s back, attempting to return the kiss in a somewhat acceptable fashion even as he panted and grasped at John’s jumper.
John let out a small laugh, perplexed, and met his eyes again.
“Can I… Do you mind if we have a word, Mrs Hudson?” John asked nervously, hands clenching at his sides.
John held him through the aftershocks of his orgasm, gently stroking his arms until he relaxed, going boneless against the sheets.
“Well, that was fun” Sherlock finally said as he sat back, attempting to wring the water out of his soaking wet shirt.
for god’s sake!” Sherlock hissed impatiently, and John reluctantly resumed his ministrations. He added a second finger alongside the first when the detective started to moan filthily as the odd sensation turned to pleasure, arching his hips up urgently in a desperate attempt to draw John’s digits as far into himself as possible.
“What possessed you!” Mycroft asked, “To send a sex aid in the shape of… of…”
John was startled awake by someone shaking his shoulders, calling his name.
He had to send it as it was with a fucking ribbon around the wrist and a card saying
“The whole mix up that left us sleeping in this room. That wasn’t an accident.”
"Oh come now John, there's no need to be so dramatic. We are mature adults, if you are not in the mood just say so."
“But what?” John asked nervously.
“What about you?” John asked, cocking his head.
“So what do we do now, then?” Sherlock asked quietly, breaking the silence once more.
ohn could withhold from him,  was his favourite way to tease the younger man.
She smiled, handing Sherlock the room key.
" Sherlock grinned, blushing slightly despite his attempt to seem confident.
"Hold still, you have a bunch of burs in your hair."
, Sherlock. If you want to stop here, I am not going to judge you, there is no shame in wanting to take it slow. I want your first time to be as
Where Mycroft’s caresses had felt comforting and safe, kissing Sherlock Holmes was like an instant contact high. His lips were a drug, drawing him into an addiction he never wanted to break.
John chuckled, and guided their entwined hands to the top of the last piece of clothing standing between them and total, delicious nakedness. Keeping his eyes locked on Sherlock’s, together they freed the detective’s own hard prick from its confinement. John licked his lips subconsciously as he took in the size of him, which was impressive and definitely exceeded his wildest dreams.
"I don't
The older Holmes brother let go of Lestrade and turned slowly, and their eyes met. An intense silence lingered between them in the small room, the pain etched in Mycroft’s face mirrored by Sherlock’s.
"Come John, t-time for bed."
John turned his head, wondering if perhaps he might find a suitable, unattached person in which to have a crafty snog and try to work out some of the building sexual tension which seemed to be almost at a rolling, boiling point inside him.
Mycroft surged to his feet, and they shared a tender kiss, foreheads pressed together as the whole restaurant clapped and cheered, John clapped along, and turned to watch as Sherlock sat open mouthed and shocked. John touched his lovers chin with a smile and watched as he closed it with a snap.
John slipped off him with a wet pop and chuckled at his awkwardness.
“Well, that was...
“Why are you even bothered?” John asked.
Upon the door swinging open John swore colourfully and felt his cheeks turn crimson.
When John entered the bedroom Sherlock was sitting on the side of the bed, hands fidgeting nervously with the sheets and his own pyjama bottoms. The doctor joined him with a frown and was immediately pushed down onto the bed. Before John could get a single word out, Sherlock's tongue was in his mouth, and his own responded instinctively.  The heat in the room rose to scorching when his lips found the side of the detective’s exquisite neck a few moments later, licking and sucking at smooth white skin.
“Case?” John mouthed, watching as Sherlock shook his head and answered “Brother dear, to what do I  owe the pleasure?”
“For everything you’ve done these past few years. You’ve gotten me out of countless messes, and patched me up more times than I can count. Helped me through my battles against addiction, put up with my tantrums, stood by my side when nobody else would. You were faced with a broken man, and were the only person to ever find me worthy of putting back together.”
John snorted with laughter and then covered his mouth, both himself and Sherlock trying very hard not to laugh.
“Are you going to fuck me?” Sherlock asked, cheeks bright pink and eyes shining as he leaned in to kiss John, tongue flicking into his mouth to try and chase the taste of himself on John’s tongue.
“You WHAT?”
“Yes, John.
With a grin, John moved back up his body and added more spit to his achingly hard member. He lined himself up with Sherlock’s entrance and used his free hand to clasp Sherlock’s. Slowly he pushed until the head of his cock slipped past the ring of muscle. Sherlock hissed, and John gave him a moment to adjust to his size before he pushed the rest of the way inside, bottoming out. Both men moaned, and  Sherlock wrapped his legs around John’s back, throwing his head back when John started to move.
Sherlock’s hands wound into his hair as he picked up the pace, and John moaned around his cock when he tugged hard on it to guide his movements.
Much to John’s surprise, Sherlock suddenly started laughing. It was a contagious full-body response that had John joining him until they both slumped to the floor, breathless.
“I hate you,” Sherlock complained behind the door.
! He sent you, didn’t he!” John glared, slamming his fists down exagerratedly on the table.
When they reached the rather old and tired looking lobby of the small bed and breakfast, the middle-aged woman behind the counter failed to notice them, too busy painting her nails instead.
Sherlock’s eyes landed on his own throbbing, neglected cock, before pointedly staring at John.
Mycroft sighed impatiently.
Sherlock just sat and stared at him for a moment, taking in the incredibly sexy man in front of him with fresh eyes for the very first time.
“A fucking fist and lower arm!” Lestrade shouted behind, “And not in a fucking box either,
"Quite a significant sum, which did seem a little odd at the time. Not to worry though John, I used your card" he smiled helpfully.
He found himself praying to anyone who might be listening that the other man would just
Reluctantly he stood and disappeared from the room, returning a few moments later with a warm washcloth.
Sherlock couldn't help but wonder if the only thing that had ended his shopping spree was the fact that if he purchased anything else, it wouldn't have fit into the cab he had just hailed. John shot him a glare as they climbed into the mercifully warm vehicle, and he began securing Rosie with one eyebrow raised.
"Would you please come up here? You are going to freeze your ass off down there and catch pneumonia. There is more than enough room in this ridiculous sodding bed for us both."
Then, all at once, the smoke cleared.
____________________________________________
They closed their eyes and slipped into a blissful sleep, smiling.
It was important to him that John know just how cherished he was.
Both men moaned into each other’s mouth at the warm, wet contact.
engorged as a result of John Watson's presence. He is a flatmate and colleague, who is not gay, and touching you over him would be most inappropriate!" he hissed at his flushed member, one hand gripped firmly around it.
“Just thought I'd try something new…”
set in.
John groaned, and giggled with his face in his hands.
John" Sherlock hissed, and John happily obliged.
After remaining ignored for several moments, John cleared his throat loudly and the woman, who's clothes were covered in cat fur, John noticed, jumped almost comically high in the air.
“I… I thought we could use it to frot against each other? Like… rubbing?” John blushed, but the thought of taking Sherlock was incredibly arousing and his cock twitched against Sherlock’s leg at the thought, something which the detective noticed straight away and moaned at.
He envisioned those long, slender fingers caressing his balls as he swallowed him down, reaching further back toward his entrance.
The noises Sherlock made were incredible. John was slightly worried he was going to come in his pants just from the soft, bitten off moans that Sherlock was breathing into his mouth.
When the urge had passed, Sherlock slumped against the bed and cracked open his eyes, smiling shyly “The image was a little -- too provocative.”
"Did you say something, darling?" John challenged, and Sherlock's eyes flitted to the gold wedding band that clinked as the doctor rapped his fingers against the armrest.
John sighed as they finally entered the room and pulled the door shut, tossing their luggage onto the rack at the foot of the bed.
you were devilishly rogered over the bed?”
"Sherlock, you know you can tell me anything, don't you? After all we've been through, there's nothing you could say to me right now that I won't be able to handle."
Given Sherlock’s lack of experience-at least to John’s knowledge- the other man showed no hesitation. They kept the kiss gentle and sweet at first, getting to know the feel of one another in a series of slow caresses. John slid a paint-slick hand up the other man’s chest and used his surprised gasp to slip his tongue into the detective’s mouth.
Mercilessly Sherlock had apparently decided his work was done, and he removed the hand that was burning a hole in John's thigh. The spot still tingled long after.
“What?” John blinked dumbly.
Realising that it was no use lying to Sherlock, who would be able to see right through him, John gave a half shrug
John was much less gentle than he had been the first time. Rather than holding back as he had previously, he was thrusting into Sherlock's channel with gusto. A change which Sherlock very much approved of, if the filthy moans he made as he clamped his legs around John were anything to go by.
With one hand around the throbbing member, John began to lick blazing trails up it from base to tip, pausing to dip his tongue into the bead of precum gathering at the slit.
John frowned, kneeling and taking the one hand that wasn't being restrained by lights in his.
He was halfway through cleaning them both up when Sherlock cleared his throat.
His rock hard cock leaked precome as he quickened his pace, chasing release.
“M’rning.” John grunted as he poured himself a cup of extremely strong coffee, leaning back against the kitchen cabinets.
John took his time, wanting to be thorough whilst keeping Sherlock as comfortable as possible. Some time later when he was finally confident that he was as ready for him as he was going to get, John withdrew his slick fingers, Sherlock whining in protest at the loss.
“Ha! S’if you didn’t watch CCTV and track me,” John grumbled as he took another swig of his drink.
"Well this is...inconvenient" he finally muttered; brows knitted together as he took in the scented candles lit on every available surface.
“For existing. For being patient and caring enough to take the time to bring down all my walls, even the ones I didn’t know I had. For staying, even after I broke your heart.”
Together they moved and kissed, luxuriating in the sensations as they built into a steady rhythm. Sherlock still winced occasionally, but now he also moaned, his cock becoming harder in John’s hand as he acclimated to the feeling. Soon, Sherlock had wrapped his legs around John’s back, changing the angle for John to push inside so that he was nudging at that special spot with every thrust.
"What about this?" he whispered into Sherlock's ear.
“I’ll give you two a moment alone” Gregory finally said, giving Mycroft’s hand a squeeze before shuffling past Sherlock awkwardly.
“Relax, Sherlock. I’ve got you- I am a doctor, remember?” he grinned, gesturing to himself.
John laughed.
Sherlock pulled his eyes from the microscope to give John a look from top to bottom before sighing sadly.
"And if I don't?"
“Goodbye, Sherlock,” Mycroft grumbled, putting down the phone and leaving Sherlock holding onto a dark phone.
Much to John's unintelligible protest, Sherlock fumbled furiously to peel off the older man's soaked waistcoat, then tie and shirt. John shrugged and ridded Sherlock of all clothing on his upper half as well.
Just as he was about to close the door behind him, a very aggressive violin tune that reminded him of the sound of swarming bees began emanating from Sherlock’s bedroom.
Sherlock frowned at him as his eyes adjusted to the sudden brightness.
"Look at me, love."
John laughed, and Sherlock rose to kiss him with swollen lips. He could taste himself in Sherlock's mouth, and didn’t mind it.
Sherlock’s jaw clenched.
"Y..yes, quite alright" Sherlock eventually answered, his voice so quiet John almost didn't hear the words despite their closeness.
Feeling very pleased with himself, John zigzagged his way into the bathroom, apologising profusely to the wall he ran into with his face on the way there.
Sherlock’s head lolled back, and he grasped awkwardly at the shower wall behind him for purchase as he moaned and whined, seemingly unsure what to do with his hands.
With a grin, John climbed up to straddle the detective's lap, and Sherlock crashed his lips to his without a second's hesitation.
It didn’t taste bad exactly, it was more the fullness of John’s mouth and the pressure against his tongue as he felt the weight against himself. He tried to create suction but coughed when a hint of the precome slipped down his throat. Attempting to be more careful he started a slower rhythm, attempting to focus on the head whilst his hand began a slow up and down motion to tease Sherlock.
“The same.”
But now he was, finally, complete.
“Yes, but you didn’t actually
“Why?” John snorted behind the door, “Did you shit yourself over the spider?”
John gathered up his bag and went around the flat gathering all the other supplies he would use to tend to Sherlock. Thankfully he had been stealing bits and pieces from the hospital for weeks to build up a stockpile and had everything he needed.
Suddenly everything in Sherlock’s body went cold. His heart seemed to stop beating and he didn’t breathe until his lungs began to burn.
“Shh, have patience, Sherlock” he tutted affectionately, lips curving into a reassuring smile.
"We will warm up faster this way. Is this alright?" John whispered.
“Nobody has ever held my attention for long enough that I wanted to become - vulnerable around them,” Sherlock said, blushing. “I have had -- attractions. A few over the years, but I have never acted upon it because I was always afraid that my feelings would be used against me. That they would be warped, and turned inwards until I was a laughing stock.” He looked away, and John saw a hint of the small, bullied boy in a private school.
“Here. This will do nicely!” the younger man proclaimed a short while later, gesturing at a grassy spot under a grove of shady trees.
about you. Even your flaws. I married you because even now, to this day, I spend every waking moment craving your lips, your touch, resisting the urge to rip your clothes off and have my way with you."
Trying to put the awful argument with Sherlock to the back of his mind, John raced through the shower and shaved, almost nicking himself twice in his haste.
“Oh, you succeeded!” John laughed and leaned down to playfully nip Sherlock’s bum with his teeth. John kicked off the pants, climbed onto the bed and settled between Sherlock’s legs, grabbing the lube which he squirted onto his hand and smeared onto himself. Reaching for the heart of the plug, John wiggled it and pushed it in and out, stimulating Sherlock with each nudge to the prostate before he pulled it out entirely and threw it across the room to land on the wet trousers which he had thrown across earlier.
He wobbled out of the hot tub to call room service, and twenty minutes later they were tucking into two giant and very expensive lobsters as they sat in the bubbling water, wearing matching lobster bibs and not much else.
bed, and fuck me until I’ve forgotten my own name, John Watson.”
All his focus was now diverted to thinking unappealing thoughts, in a desperate effort to prevent his arousal from becoming obvious between his legs.
Drawing Sherlock's attention to the fact that they were married now, and there was a certain
"Fine. I won't do it again, I
“I said, Sherlock.” John admitted, bending to suck a patch of Sherlock’s throat skin into his mouth, “I said your name.”
When they finally arrived, John was awoken by a long finger poking him in the side, accompanied by an impatient sigh.
“So, was your hypothesis correct, then?” he grinned, one brow quirked.
When the backs of the younger man’s tall legs hit the end of the bed, John shoved him forcefully down onto it, sliding himself up to straddle him. Immediately he took hold of both of their cocks again, giving them a single brief stroke before resuming his assault on Sherlock’s mouth. While the detective was distracted by John’s lips, he gently nudged his legs apart with a knee and groped around inside his bedside drawer until he found a bottle of lube.
” Mycroft snarled, “Spent the best part of
There was a series of loud scuffling sounds followed by a hissed curse from the other side before a very colourful detective was finally revealed.
A horrified waitress scurried over, almost fainting when she set eyes on the source of the commotion.
“I want it all…” Sherlock sighed with a touch of sadness to the comment, flicking his eyes out over the spectacular view of the estate, rubbing his wet hand over his face, “I want absolutely everything but… I have never experienced it. The -- The rush of it. The euphoria of sharing that moment of complete vulnerability with another person. Of letting your guard down and allowing another person to see you… the true you. Not the persona, not the greatcoat and brilliant mind. The man, naked and shivering with adrenaline and feeling intensely loved.”
John smirked, Sherlock obviously had a much higher opinion of John’s sex life than was strictly true.
"Do go on, this is rive-t-ting."
"What the
Both sets of eyes looked up as they heard John enter the room. Sherlock’s red rimmed eyes watering immediately upon seeing his friend and Mrs Hudson’s looking reproachfully across at her tenant.
. I bet you weren’t instantaneously a master violinist the very first time you picked one up.”
John gasped, an electric shiver running down his spine seeing Sherlock like this. The sight was so erotic, so tantalising that John had to bite his lip in order to stave off his orgasm.
, we wouldn't be in this situation. You only have yourself to blame, buddy" he grinned as he completed the last stitch and wrapped Sherlock's hand.
He stopped by the side of his bed and faced away so that Sherlock could strip and change into some comfortable pyjamas, resisting the urge to peek and get a nice view of a fully naked detective. When he’s done dressing, John waited for him to climb onto the bed before joining him, letting himself lie atop him. Sherlock reached up for John’s lips and he eagerly obliged, his fingers stroking through his dark hair as they fervently devoured each other. Their matching erections began to make contact as they kissed, and Sherlock gasped, whining in arousal at the friction every time they touched.
“Holy shit, John. Like seriously, fucking
As he walked, the turns Sherlock had taken became random and more erratic, leading John to wonder several times if the other man had gotten lost at some point.
When they were finally alone, John repeatedly banged his head against the table.
John cried out, accidentally flinging his knife across the table, which landed in the top of Sherlock's left hand.
John frowned.
“There, good as new” Sherlock mumbled. He stood, eyes flicking once to John’s as he turned and started to walk away.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed as they paid the driver and got out of the car. "No, he does not. I often daydream about having someone tattoo 'Attention Seeker' across his forehead. That or 'Princess', I haven't decided."
“You’re fine Sherlock, just get on with it. Doctor, remember?” he smiled, gesturing to himself.
“John! You manipulated me. You told me about these plans whilst I had an erection!
“Continue with what you were saying….” Sherlock insisted only to smile at John’s flushed face.
But, as great as the moment was, John knew that if he was to truly have any kind of honest relationship with Sherlock Holmes he was going to have to tell him the truth and bring their current happy state crashing down around them. He could only hope that their bond was strong enough to put the pieces back together.
With a wicked grin, John crooked his fingers just right to stroke and press at Sherlock’s sweet spot, finding it instantly thanks to many years of conducting prostate exams.
John grumbled and swayed with a sluggish, tipsy blink as he motioned to the bored-looking bar staff to refill his pint, having downed the last swirling dregs from the bottom of the glass. The heat of the room was almost overwhelming, with summer well on its way and an evening full of excited work parties and chattering friend groups meeting around him. John slumped further into his seat and sighed sadly.
John knew that Sherlock would be grumpy. A day when he couldn’t make it all about himself and had to put aside his constant need for attention in order to allow the happy couple to enjoy and finally unashamedly show their love to the world.
John made a beeline for the bathroom, showering and brushing his teeth faster than he had in his entire life.
Sherlock was more breathtaking at that moment than ever before. His lips swollen, hair sweaty and limp against his forehead, pupils still blown wide.
Sherlock laughed.
"Yes, but feel free to say it as often as you like."
“Yes, an arachnid! Known for their web building!” Sherlock hissed, “Now kindly leave me alone, I need to clean myself…” he said looking down at the come, which was dribbling down his chest to rest back on the softening cock nestled in his wet pubic hair.
Snorting with disdain, Sherlock rolled his eyes “Oh please,
Sherlock's posture stiffened almost imperceptibly.
Squirming slightly, he ate his food with record speed, earning him a raised brow and confused stare from the man observing him with folded arms.
"John I...I'm sorry."
John allowed the taller man to help him to his feet, and the pair wobbled against each other for a moment to achieve stability before climbing out of the tub and taking turns to use the bathroom to change into dry clothes.
“You sneaky, devious bastard!” John hissed out between bouts of side-splitting laughter.
Greg paused to rub Mycroft’s arms.
camping.
“So what, you decided that it was a good time to take a dip?”
The lies left a bitter taste in John’s mouth as they tumbled from his lips. But if Sherlock really did care for him as much as Mycroft claimed, they would sting even more to hear, and he
, John.”
Sherlock frowned at his tone, propping himself up on his elbows to look at John.
Sherlock cleared his throat from behind them, interrupting the intimate moment.
“It arrived then?” Sherlock asked, putting the call on speakerphone so John could hear.
When they finally located room 311, the first thing John noticed was the note taped to the door announcing that the room's heating was down.
“You were going to suggest that I go and
Speaking of posh people, John headed outside into the extensive grounds of the hotel, breathing in the summer air which was so fresh and rejuvenating after living in London for so long. They were barely two hours away from London but it seemed to be a different country entirely, soft candles burning and the beautiful birdsong as dusk approached.
“Have you been drinking non-decaf coffee again?” John sighed, reaching for his medical bag and putting on his stethoscope, “Because you know what that does to you.”
Not offering to be the one to get up to Rosie in the middle of the night even though John had work in the morning, cluttering the house with his experiments right after John had finished cleaning- there were a hundred little ways that he could have made his husband's life easier.
For some reason, even just the thought of sleeping in the same room as the detective was making John feel self-conscious.
Without saying a word, John scooted slightly closer to him and began using the clean side to slowly wipe as much paint as he could from Sherlock’s angular face.
They approached the front door, and with a few hard kicks from the detective the lock broke and it slowly creaked open.
Taking one of Sherlock’s hands in his own and entwining their fingers, John smiled reassuringly at the detective who was looking down, eyes blown massively in desire and his position giving him a ridiculous amount of chins which made him look both silly and adorable.
"You are the light of my life, do you know that?" John whispered fiercely, reaching out to brush a stray curl out of Sherlock's breathtaking eyes.
"Do that
Slowly he lowered himself onto the end of his bed and forced himself to take a series of deep breaths until he could think clearly over the thumping of his racing heart.
A tongue.
Congratulations to you both!"
Sherlock closed his eyes for a second.
“I see you were flirted with again. What's the matter? Not your type?” he said acidically.
John slid closer to him until their still clothed thighs were touching. "Well what's stopping yew?" he whispered, a hiccup punctuating the end of his sentence.
From this proximity, John could smell the other man’s spicy cologne, a total parallel to anything Sherlock had ever worn on the few occasions when he had actually bothered to wear any.
John raised a scandalized brow and reached for an abandoned shirt to begin cleaning up their mess.
________________________________
Mycroft’s eyes flicked up, shocked that Sherlock remembered.
“I think your brother has actually done us a favour,” John said as he took a sip of his red wine, the flavours bursting on his tongue as he swallowed, “He made us get our fingers out of our arse and actually talk about what was going on between us. About how we felt. He might have been a cock about it, but at least it helped.”
___________________________________________
John had been glad he had worn his thickest pair of black trousers so thankfully nobody could see the wet spot, but it was obvious when he took them off that the fabric was soaked through. Sherlock reached for the pants, giving it a rub between his fingers and then popping his fingers into his mouth with a soft groan of pleasure. John, who was fighting very hard against an erection was standing in very unfitting lacy pants which did nothing to contain his cock and balls and had him awkwardly attempting to position himself up and into the gusset. He looked fairly ridiculous standing there in nothing but black lace, but Sherlock purred and reached for his lover, pulling him closer and dipping his head so he could take the wet and reddened tip into his mouth to suckle on it.
"You could just call him and tell him you're pissed like a normal person, but I'm not above seizing the opportunity to let my hair down for once."
When he returned, Sherlock had barely moved, still splayed out lazily on the bed.
“John, I think I’m going to...
An hour later, John had finally finished securing the last tent pole. He stood back to admire his hard work, only to go stiff when it finally dawned on him that Sherlock still had not returned with the firewood.
“Shouldn’t you be dancing?” John replied,
A small undecipherable flicker of emotion that John was almost certain he had imagined interrupted Sherlock’s scowl for a moment, and he finally let go of him, stepping back.
“Yeah?” John asked from behind the door, startling Sherlock out of his orgasm afterglow. The movement of the door handle made Sherlock spring from the bed, throwing himself against the wood and holding onto the doorknob so John couldn’t turn and open it.
Sherlock laughed and kissed him on the forehead.
" Sherlock moaned, tilting back his head to give John better access, arching into his touch.
John couldn’t believe that Sherlock was talking like this. John didn’t even know Sherlock was aware of cottaging or wanking. He expected that once he entered his bedroom, Sherlock shut down like a robot and only re-engaged when he had to annoy John a bit more.
He lasted all of a minute before his hand slowly snaked down to his prick.
John snorted, and smacked his arm.
Sherlock laughed, rolling his eyes.
The pair ended up leisurely enjoying the water for far longer than they had intended, and John had been surprised at his ability to enjoy Sherlock’s company without being too distracted by how close they were or how little clothing they were wearing, a feat that he was particularly proud of. They swam and floated together for hours, the lack of conversation between them creating no awkwardness. Comfortable silences had long ago become one of many trademarks of the pair’s friendship, with many evenings happily passed in 221b with little or no words exchanged between them. They simply hadn’t felt the need to fill every lull in conversation with meaningless small talk.
"I'm very sorry, but there must be some mistake. We did not book a honeymoon suite" John squeaked out when his brain regained the ability to form coherent thoughts again.
“Alright, fine.”
“Wait a minute. Bloody
“Thank you, Sherlock” Mycroft smiled, and a loaded stare passed between the brothers. John didn’t need to be a detective to know that there were a thousand words being exchanged in that one moment of eye contact, words that he would never be able to even begin to decipher.
“Oh… I saw Lestrade’s dick today.”
“Jesus John, I’m so sorry I didn’t mean to! I should never have even…” he trailed off, turning away from him.
John frowned but obeyed, slowly sliding back out of the detective’s body, gritting his teeth. As soon as he was clear, Sherlock grabbed the doctor and quickly rolled them so that he was on top, sliding down effortlessly and groaning at the change in angle. John’s thick cock rubbed something inside Sherlock
A few moments later they were interrupted by Sherlock's phone vibrating on the edge of the tub. John caught it just before it fell into the water and passed it to him. The younger man took one look at the caller ID and rolled his eyes.
“Alright?” John asked, pressing soft kisses to Sherlock’s face, across his cheeks and chin to try and distract Sherlock from the burning.
Do you have some fetish or something? I’m willing to go to any length to make this good for you, you daft sod.”
Smiling warmly, John reached for the base of Sherlock’s cock, holding it upright and feeling the hot, hot heat of him against his palm. Sherlock was biting his lip, anticipating the next move and John realised that he wanted to try and pleasure Sherlock with his mouth. He wanted to taste and swallow him down, keep a part of him inside no matter how small.
Sherlock whispered something under his breath, his back arching on the bed and his eyes fluttering closed as he raised his hips and attempted to get more friction. John obliged happily, moving his hand in increments and gripping, teasing, touching every inch he could through the fabric.
His cock however decided to ignore him and continue on engorging.
"Thank you, John, I am feeling much better already. You may leave now" he announced as soon as he had swallowed the last bite, urging the other man away from the sofa and back towards the kitchen.
He swore, recalling his agreement to go on a faux date with Mycroft
They sat in the back of a taxi ten minutes later, John gingerly examining Sherlock's hand. "Well it isn't as bad as it looks, thank god. Only the tip has gone in."
Mycroft sat with his haughty nose in the air, looking uncomfortable as he looked at the other patrons and winced at what he was obviously deducing. John was drunk enough to hold back the noise of shock - but only just.
John gasped against Sherlock's full, warm lips.
"Just so you know, you are the light of my life too, John Hamish Watson-Holmes."
“Fine, you cheeky git. Sherlock Holmes, I love you. More than I could ever have imagined it was possible to love another person. You’re my world, my shelter from the rain.”
“Get up right this second, you lazy arse bastard.” John smirked as he jumped down and began to kiss and tickle Sherlock, tormenting him until Sherlock whined low and pushed John away,
“Alright fine!
John was unsure why he had ever thought that taking up jogging to work was a good idea, but as he sat on the footpath swearing and clutching a raw and badly grazed knee, he realised that it was possibly one of the worst ideas he’d had in a long while. It was of course the one and only Sherlock Holmes that had been responsible for his fall. He had taken his eyes off the path in front of him to check his phone for one moment when it beeped, finding a text from Sherlock wanting him to pick up lamb hearts on his way home, and tripped. Thankfully he wasn’t far from the flat, so the distance he had to travel hobbling like an old man was minimal. Regardless, he cursed Sherlock all the way home, right up until the moment he reached the familiar door of 221B.
“Mmm.” Sherlock hummed, licking his lips and then looking down where their hands were now entwined together.
Sherlock groaned loudly and gripped the base of his cock tightly, breathing heavily and slamming his eyes shut, “Don’t speak… Don’t -- Don’t even look at me! Stop breathing!” he gasped, “Oh…”
Sherlock pretended to be deep in thought.
Sherlock slid off him, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.
Happy. John was completely, deliriously, irrevocably happy.
the thought of hurting him.
“John?”
“Give me half an hour and I’ll show you how much I appreciated it” John purred, kissing him deeply and rolling Sherlock over.
instant noodles.
It was quite late. He realized upon glancing at his watch that clearly Sherlock had gotten them lost at some point.
“Would you like some help, perhaps? Before the flat ends up looking like the scene of Barney the Dinosaur’s murder?”
? That’s easily done, my love.”
“Something is going on…” Sherlock muttered, barely audible over Katie’s singing, “That was too suspicious.”
Sherlock threw his head back, thumping it on the pillow in displeasure before he grit his teeth and gave his cock a long stroke. His mind was awhirl with ideas, mental images of John bending or that tiny sliver of skin which often showed when the towel didn’t close fully around his side. Feeling the sweat beading on his forehead, Sherlock bit hard on the fleshy part of his hand to quieten himself as he gripped and stroked.
John quickly looked around them, and then leaned in. "Don't. You. Fucking.
“John…. John pull off… I can’t… Oh John I can’t hold it!” Sherlock rambled, grabbing for John’s hair to pull him away but John refused and continued his ministrations until Sherlock stiffened, spine tense as he shuddered and came with a loud and filthy moan.
"Hmm?"
Sherlock refused to cry.
"How so?" Sherlock asked, head tilting slightly.
Sherlock frowned at him. “If I wasn’t, why would I have asked for this in the first place? That would be quite ridiculous.”
He demonstrated with his free hand that the detective could set John’s pace this way, and he caught on quickly, using a fistful of the doctor’s hair to encourage him into a fast rhythm. Only a few short moments passed before Sherlock’s grip suddenly tightened painfully against John’s scalp. John immediately stilled.
Sherlock was just about to shout for John to bring in some biscuits when his mobile phone began to vibrate loudly on the bedside table. Lifting up a pair of pants which were covering it, thrown in the heat of passion, Sherlock smirked as he saw Mycroft’s name on the caller ID and he answered with a dramatic swipe of his finger, putting the call onto speaker as John walked into the room with a soft frown between his eyes.
