Monkey lover 2: Tony’s trying to read what I’m writing, that’s why wasn’t responding.
Melinda: That would not be advisable since I just came across a photo of Hunter and Fitz making out. Friday make sure Simmons doesn’t access this phone.
This was supposed to be a short add on to Tony and Steve section but this came out. I really need to stop adding extra chapters if I want to get this story done before Endgame comes out.
May: She would.
Tony: So maybe you start your letter there and then bring up the fact that it’s me your dating. I’m going to have to apologize for falling for a villain trap and completely losing my shit in Siberia.
Cuddle Bunny: Because you let him.
Football Hunter: Well, focus on fixing it without the boss making a deal with the devil to kill the evil bitch that will eventually kill him. You’re good at this. You already fixed the Avengers by just convincing your secret billionaire BFF to send a bloody apology text message to Captain Paragon.
Anthony: It’s fine because they now have an entire terrorist cell in Shield custody.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. It’s been pointed out that it wasn’t completely clear so let me clarify that the ‘me’ in the last chapter was Tony. Sorry I forgot to specify.
“Because the Quinjet is going to arrive here any minute and I’m going to have to leave.”
The new consultant: I know, but I'm not going to push until I'm at least there at the compound because I don't want to find out alone.
Melinda: There is also an ATCU badge in the bag along with a faculty ID card for Midtown School of Science. She’s a guidance counselor there. The Midtown badge was issued in September, and the ATCU one was issued in October of 2016.
Me: Soon to be Mr. Fitz-Simmons. And he just walked into the room. And may have heard me dictating that to the phone. He’s scowling right now.
Nomad: You were nine years old, Tony. It’s not your fault you didn’t understand what everything meant at the time.
May: She may not. It is going to be complicated. They’re going to come back thinking she’s the 11-year-old they left behind when she’s a 16-year-old who has lived in a dystopic hellscape for the last five years and barely stayed out of an internment camp.
Anthony: I don't want to lead Ross or anyone else to you. One popular theory is that Ross paid someone to poison me to get you to come out of hiding. I won’t put you at risk.
Tony: OK now give me a problem that I can help you solve.
HSBF: I’m glad. You’ll be happy to know that Friday did send me the questions. Or rather, she forwarded to me the email that Jane sent to Stefan’s dummy email account. Yes, I did in fact rehearse what I was going to say in a phone call before making the call because it’s still a new concept to me. I actually like text messaging better. It’s like a short letter or telegraph.
Nomad: What other important Messages?
Nomad: You’re not self-serving. Most of the ways you help people, most people don’t even know it.
Me: And yes, I’m aware that I have a tendency to avoid things and do have the history of not using the best coping mechanisms. Okay and also I’ve ran a few solo missions that have turned out badly, but I know better now.
“Yes. It didn’t feel right throwing it away.” Steve answered.
HSBF: And you’re going to be there?
“It is, but I think it might go with your first suggestion.”
Red phone: As much as I really would like to kiss your boo-boos and make them all better, I can’t.
“I think I want to tour the location in person before we decide on anything. The signing ceremony for the Mumbai agreement is tomorrow because we finally agreed on the final text an hour ago. I’ll be home soon.” Steve remarked.
“I understand,” Karen replied.
Since the snap happened, Steve found driving peaceful. Less traffic, for one thing. Of course, this drive wasn’t peaceful because he was lost in his own thoughts. Although wondering if Tony was freaking out about his Instagram confession was better than contemplating his impending divorce and the implosion of his family. What would the custody arrangement even look like? Polly asked Melinda to take Robin. If they divorce, would she just leave with Robin, and he would never see his daughter again? Would the Khans just take Kamala away as soon as they returned? Would he lose both of his daughters? The thought made him sick.
"Okay, I wish I didn’t go to it at all, but I kind of wish I’d dated guys more publicly in the past, mostly for spite right now."
Blue phone: And the rest are probably to be blamed on Howard.
Tony: That works except it will be probably early Thursday morning your time. I have a bunch of long meetings that day. I hate having to actually do my day job.
It was even more ridiculous for me to think that distancing myself from you would lessen the impact. Because Friday night showed me that it’s still going to hurt, even if you no longer hold the title of boyfriend.
Me: Really, I should’ve had Laura pull him when he interrogated Baby Spider’s shady uncle. I thought the FBI agents and Yo-Yo on the ferry would keep things from ending badly.
The new consultant: The ice cream will be useful, at least. I don’t think they’re ready for the condoms.
Anthony: Not at all. I have video footage of it. It’s my new moment of Zen.
Cuddle Bunny: You did a DNA analysis?
PS: Ned knows the truth. That’s what aunt May walked in on. I don’t want her to know yet.
Anthony: Also someone will need to tell you when it’s time for us to actively participate. We have flowers to toss.
“My burdens with.” Tony finished. “Maybe my life with, all aspects of it. I’m semiretired from the superhero stuff, but if the world needs saving, I’m in. But Morgan is my main priority. I need to find somebody who gets that. Pepper gets Morgan but not the other stuff.” Tony confessed.
Me: If he wanted me dead, I would be.
“Do you really think it was the best time to ask Tony those questions? He was in a wheelchair and hooked up to an IV at the time, looking very emaciated. I know you just went through a crisis, and half the world population was gone, but time and place.” Laura asked after watching the first part of the video.
Anthony: I also didn’t like her using you as her new coping mechanism to deal with her aunt’s death.
Nomad: Seen it. One of the characters kind of looks a lot like you. Well, like pictures of you from your MIT years.
Tony: Then tell me the truth.
Genius Princess 2018: You're right. We have a better chance of completing things on our side, mainly because we have most of the notes. I'm going to have Dr. Fitzsimmons work on it this morning. She's our best chance of understanding the work of her drunk counterpart. Dr. Pym is still alive. However, the record of that incident is incomplete because most details came from someone named Luis. He tends to go on unrelated tangents. The notes from Agent Woo  were missing a lot.
Cuddle Bunny: You still could’ve told me. I’m not the public and I’m not going to pick apart everything you did wrong.
Anthony: I figured you would.
HSBF: I’m sure not all of them were corrupt. Deanna was great. She did really good work coordinating all of our children’s hospital visits.
Me: Not really because she’s SHIELD again but we need somebody at the San Francisco FBI field office to keep an eye on your really little friend’s parole and Woo is too by the book.
“Because I don’t deserve forgiveness. I remember it. All of it. I remember everything that I did, every life I took. What I did to the Starks was the worst. I can still smell the blood. I hear their pleading. The sound of broken bones. I shouldn’t be forgiven.”
Tony: I also got permission for the Monkey Lover squad to step up encryption of the powered person database. I’m just trying to convince him to suspend people joining the Accords so Skye Quake doesn’t have to. But that didn’t go so well. But she’s willing to do it for the greater good.
“You saw the ring, didn’t you?”
This conversation takes place on November 1, 2016
Me: Deputy Director Jeffrey ‘asshole’ Mase a.k.a. Mister Patriotism did asked me if I knew where Captain America is.
Tony: No, my time was better spent with you. You’re a great 2 AM conversationalist. Also, your massages are really relaxing.
Xxxxx
Counselor Laura 2023: I killed somebody. You have the right to be upset about that. It's OK that you needed some space to process. I respect that.
Steve: That makes sense. It’s fine. I trust Pepper. Have you made any progress at all?
Me: BTW, Friday is doing some digging in DOD HR files to check for bodies. Although, assholes like Ross are unfortunately scandal proof. However, I am enjoying various PR people squirming to cover all this up.
Me: Of course I’m observant. To the point where I know that your gear has been upgraded. Somebody definitely put your energy shield up to 11 and it wasn’t me. I assume the smartest woman you’ve ever met would like to keep you safe.
The Wakandan government is in favor of her possible appointment and is looking forward to increase diplomatic relations under her tenure.
Tosha: Friday says you’re still in the building. Possibly in the air ducks. You can’t keep ignoring everybody. I know you been doing it for the last five years, but I’m not letting you do it anymore.
Before you read the next conversation, I just want to let you know that this is still Steve’s phone, but it’s a new phone with a brand-new address book. The in universe explanation is Steve is ready to get a little more personal with Tony. The real reason why is I started to get the red phone and the blue phone tags confused because they were too similar, as seen way back in conversation 16 where I labeled something as Steve’s comment when it was really a Tony comment.
“You really should have. Now answer the question, sweetie pie."
Me: Ridiculously hard, however, I know this song. The counselor has played me a lot of Prince music while we have been on the run. He said that song reminded him of me.
"Look, it's not going to be a ‘goodbye forever’ goodbye. I think people are buying Stefan, the ones that matter, anyway. Also, I think I'm going to spend the winter in Malta." Because he really can’t go that long without Steve kisses.
Anthony love: I have a 10 AM with the president where I’m going to have to explain everything that’s happened in the last 24 hours. I’m already two Tylenol in for the day.
Purple arrow: Rightfully so.
“Which definitely means no friends with benefits.” Because that was essentially his marriage and its ending because they were in love with other people.
Red phone: I almost wondered if she was with you.
Me: And Obadiah was the one who sold my weapons to 10 rings. (The real 10 rings not the fake organization that blew up my Malibu house).
“And I appreciate the concern but I’m an adult and I can make my own choices.”
Red Malibu: According to my contact at Truman, yes.
Part three of the Use Your Words universe. Sequel to I Hope You Have Unlimited Text Messaging and Text Messages from the Edge of High school. Although you can continue reading without having read Text Messages from the Edge, but it's beneficial if you have. Don’t you want to know why MJ and Flash are friends now?
“Sure, I hope she succeeds. I could also use a soda after the churro regardless.”
Me: It really wasn’t that much of a compromise because I really am not looking forward to watching every media outlet psychoanalyze why things fell apart. I’ve already done enough of that in my own head.
Nomad: Captain America is a tiny woman whose family immigrated from Hong Kong. I doubt that they’ll get confused. There was a press conference and everything.
Tony Potts: We probably need to contact her anyway to be on standby.
Tony: We’ve already gone through the first two.
Me: And you still don’t know why?
“Yes it is true. They’re not going to work so stop pushing them to work because you are too scared to ask Pepper out.”
This is what I know:
So in this timeline where Carol and Maria got together after Monica disappeared, Maria lived 18 months longer than in the Sacred timeline. Off-world technology may have helped prolong her life, but it wasn’t a cure. Maria also said no to Kree blood antibodies.
Red phone: Probably. Anyway, now that I'm back, I thought we could talk and maybe start with easy questions.
Me: Yes. Ms. Mary J. Watson was the only one that was tolerable and passed the background check. She’s also the only sane one that’s perfectly OK with working with superheroes on a regular basis and is willing to take additional self-defense classes.
“That I knew. You probably give about 80% of your charitable donations under that name.”
Email and text messages also acceptable. How long does a sex marathon last? It’s not like it’s another orgy. I think I’ve repressed Tahiti 06. Now that’s the worst thing I walked on you doing.
Anthony: Jackie and her brother got self-defense classes and I got sent to boarding school.
Subject: Re: I really did keep my hands to myself.
Me: Now you’re the one being ridiculously romantic.
TMNS: Are you sure Agent Coulson doesn’t have a thing with Miss Laura’s ex-husband? Also, do you take me for an idiot? It totally makes sense that you would bring me in if you are worried about your boyfriend. You would rather deal with it yourself then have someone like Secretary Ross hurt him.
“You’re giving up too easily. I still think you and Tony can fix things.”
Monkey lover 2: Can you convince your new AI to tell me where my boyfriend and Simmons are? She won't tell me. I miss Friday.
Tony: My other self is engaged to Steve in the alternate timeline because, apparently, the fate of the world hinges on us being on speaking terms.
To: monkey lover forever
Agent M: Because the Heart found it sacrilegious for another person to take up the exact title.
HSBF: So I assume you saw the announcement?
Abbreviation Key:
Red phone: Probably. Which means I should go regardless. Anyway, I have work to do so as much as I want to keep talking to you I have a R&D meeting in 10 minutes that I have to go to.
Me: Well, he should have told us that Ross was being a threatening asshole instead of running away and serving his wife with divorce papers. Or rather, running a solo mission to take the asshole out.
Counselor Laura: Yes, from your favorite place. Like I would order pizza from anywhere else.
HSBF: I’m glad that I did, though. With you, it was the fact that you would always prove me wrong. I like being challenged.
Blue phone: Why would you need to?
The Big Boss: The board wants to call a meeting. They tried to do that through your assistant, but she pretended not to understand English. Only Perez is fluent and knew better.
“Things will calm down soon," Steve said as he squeezed Tony's hand.
Blue phone: You really have to stop being jealous of Sharon. I’m here talking to you right now. I would never tell her half of this stuff.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony: Why?
Me: Because he was supposed to have died in the battle of New York. Although, I’m pretty sure his ex in Portland knows better.
Monkey lover 2: Yes
Purple Princess: You just accidentally told the boy in the chair you are gay? Not that you and MJ are trying to get Benji to date both of you simultaneously?
Hunter: I am up to bringing milkshakes. You could use one or several.
“Who occasionally have sex.” Thanks to the automatic driving feature, he did check to see if Steve was blushing. He was. It was adorable.
Nomad: Good. I believe in you. You can do this.
Nomad: I have a statue in the park?
Tony: Now, I’m sad you can’t get drunk. I don’t have that type of memory. I wish I did. Actually the last time I talked to Mom would probably be one of the top three contenders for question 18, which is the exact opposite of question 17.
Me: He started college at 14 which was way too young. Tony finished undergrad at 16 with multiple degrees because he was that good, including one in music that most people don’t know about.
Nomad: Yes.
Me: You better.
Avenger Ana: I think that information would be in the reports. A standalone Stark pad is waiting for you on floor 27.
This conversation takes place on October 9. See we are moving forward timewise.
Tony: Everyone does. It was shameful.
Venom: I’m not sure how to start that conversation. I’m sure it will just be awkward, and I may end up calling him Penis [redacted] again.
Xxxxx
Red phone: Mom did and after she died, I threw myself into it as a way to deal with everything.  I ended up getting another degree out of it because it turns out music theory is fun. I don't put that on my CV. That's something just for me.
Me: I’ll be there barring alien invasion. But don’t expect me to plan the wedding. That’s too much even for me.
CoulsonPJ: I'm going to hurt your driver. I may even kill him. Possibly with a paperclip. You will never find the body.
D: No, he’s not worthy. Vision still is, thankfully.
Genius Princess: The Bulletproof Pacifist should be able to along with Vision. He may even be able to reassemble it. Please secure the object in my lab. I think I’ll be back by next Saturday. I may even bring some guess because their spring break is coming soon.
HSBF: You are taking the deal?
Time sent: 9/20/2016 20:32:21
Me: You wanted to see if I’ve fallen into the bottle yet? 54 days and counting.
To be continued.
Morgan’s dad: I fucking love you. Sometimes, you are a genius. Why didn’t I think of that?
Me: Point. How are you even talking to me right now? I did dump the phone that belongs to whatever number you're actually calling, before I even left my last undisclosed location. Stark scares me.
Me: I’m glad she could help. Although, I am too afraid to ask what that actually means.
However, in the main MCU timeline that Leopold lived through things go badly very quickly beginning with not burning AIDA the moment he finds out about her. Instead, he lies to his girlfriend and helps Radcliffe. This eventually results in him getting kidnapped and replaced by a LMD and then getting put in a virtual reality like prison where he is made to believe that he’s with AiDA, resulting in a very dubious consent relationship. He also thinks that he is the number two of Hydra and is an absolute monster referred to as the Doctor. For comic book readers, think evil Steve from Secret Empire. For Star Trek lovers, think the mirror verse.
Counselor Laura: As soon as you found out I wasn’t your Laura, you can’t even be in the room with me. I’ve been trying to talk to you for days, and you keep avoiding me. How am I supposed to take that?
“What did you do?” May asked, the worry evident in her voice.
Anthony: Maybe there is a dimension where Pepper still had no idea about my feelings for you and we could get back together, but this is not that timeline.
To be continued
"I think she’s going to always need her uncle Tony.” Steve said pressing a kiss to Tony’s mouth again.
“She is. Aunt Pepper is also kind of with Happy this time around, so that may not work out for you.” Friday interjected.
Me: Oh, God.
Agent 13: Before or after you kissed me?
HSBF: Yes. You’re not the only person who doesn’t want me to get shot again.
Anthony: Is that your final answer, Sugar Bear?
Anthony: You don’t trust me to tell the truth? I’m offended.
Red phone: For example, I totally expect you not to answer any questions about phone sex, cybersex, or sexting.
The new consultant: Yes. Oh good, the apocalypse is starting right on time to take away our spring break.
Me: Also New York was a team effort so you get taking down Red Skull’s evil scheme. Still quite an accomplishment.
Anthony: Yes. She thinks that he’s inhuman, but he’s not. Although we are never going to tell the senator that.
Red phone: Stop apologizing for things outside your control.
This is the first chapter completely written after the premier of WandaVision (as well as the first chapter proofread after Falcon and the Winter Soldier.) It’s also fun that it’s the first chapter I post after the end of Loki. Post-production on these chapters is longer than you think. With long stories like this, I like to write several chapters before I start posting them to be more cohesive.
Genius Princess: Deke wants to know if his Nana has drunk herself into a puddle or locked herself in the framework? He’s concerned.
Steve: What?
Tony Bear: I’m sorry that we couldn’t get you in the lunch. Even Yo-Yo is having sandwiches in the back with the other assistants. I’m sure they’re having more fun than me. As well as more food.
“I think I’m getting better. I did have to go through some training to become a counselor.” Steve realizes that maybe he should apply some of his training to his own life and have an actual conversation with May before he keeps panicking.
Nomad: I’ve already seen it. Clint enjoys classics from the 80s. We've also watched the Breakfast Club, Pretty in Pink, and 16 Candles. I like 16 Candles the best except for the Asian stereotyping. That was awful.
Counselor Laura: You’re probably right. I feel like Coulson knew that, which is probably another reason why he didn’t put up much of a fight regarding the regime change.
BITC: So how can I help? Because I feel like we’re going into active apocalypse mode, and I still don’t know why you lost consciousness.
TMNS: My aunt says the same thing a lot.
“This happened last time?” Simmons asked.
“No. I feel like whatever you’re going to tell me requires me to not be around any alcohol, including something as odious as Zima.”
Red phone: Instead, she’s going to function as my new shrink, sort of.
“Snapping our fingers won’t fix things. We’ll just be broken with more people.” Tony finished.
“Tony go to sleep.” Tony heard his boyfriend say from beside him, shirtless and one arm wrapped around him.
Me: For security and privacy reasons, we are never having text message sex. I really don’t want a 16-year-old super genius reading through a transcript of us actually having text message sex. The fake porn messages were bad enough. I love you, but no.
Blue phone: I don’t think you would’ve ever forgiven yourself if you did.
“So, are we still together when you were sent over here? Because I feel like my other self would have retrieved you by now.” She definitely would’ve grabbed Fitz out by now. She would owe him that much.
“You said things were the same until you arrived,” she was blushing too much to address his other point.
Person that cares about my boss: How did Tony even figure this out?
“Will we be leaving soon?” She asked.
Me: We talked and it's good now. So, what type of take-out did Friday arrange for you?
Tony: Of course. You know they’re like my children, the good ones anyway. Okay, this may be because I don’t want my robots to try to kill me again. Never have it be said that I don’t learn from my mistakes.
HSBF: One of your employees tried to kill you using your food allergies.
A/N: In Agent Carter, it was revealed that Howard Stark had a very large closet filled with props and costumes because he enjoyed a “theatrical element” to his sexual encounters. My head Canon is Tony eventually found this closet and has been slightly traumatized ever since.
“Point. I'm so glad I don't have Olivia’s class Monday. I feel like I’m starting to get a headache.” Peter said just as he looked at his phone again.
Red phone: Ross does a lot of things that S is not supposed to do.
Sorry for the long break. Hopefully, updates will be regular until the end from this point on. Counting this chapter we have nine more to go.
Hunter: Was Simmons one of those casualties? Did she die during the battle or at some other time?
Conversation 64: Let’s Get Honest
D: I’m coming back after some meetings in Wakanda as part of my day job.
Me: I can see that.
Red phone: It went better than I thought it would. I calculated an 85% probability that Laura would strangle me on site for contributing to her current status as a single parent.
“Also, the agency was subsequently destroyed by that point and I spent six months locked up. So I would really prefer that you not look at that book.”
It’s time for another letter chapter. This time from Steve. Of course, because he’s on the run he can’t exactly email these himself, which is where FRIDAY comes in. Bless her for putting up with all of this.
Me: It can’t be that bad.
Blue phone: Actually, that doesn’t surprise me because I’m almost positive you play piano. There's one at every house you have.
Tony: He will be back in the morning.
From: The Mechanic
Cuddle Bunny: Did it go better this time?
Purple Princess: It only takes less than a half an hour to get to the Lighthouse by quin-jet level craft.
Thank you to everybody who read or commented on the last conversation. You are all absolutely wonderful. While Tony and Steve are basking in the afterglow, I thought we would check up on some of the others in D.C. for plot reasons.
Xxxxxxx
Nomad: It went that badly?
Me: Please do. And speaking of being serious, I would kind of love to make May your successor. It would really piss off everyone who keeps pressuring me to turn over the shield to some hot blonde guy or even Rhodey’s deputy. You know someone who screams All-American and Mr. Patriotism tries to at least look that way.
Time sent: 9/9/2016 16:18:41
Me: This all went down while you were rescuing the troops. Actually, you probably were able to rescue the troops because all this went down. At least, that’s what Agent Scary implied.
HSBF: Actually a little longer. The counselor is waiting for you in our room. He wants to talk to you.
Captain Tight Pants: I just wanted to have my best friend back. I just wanted to have a connection to who I used to be. The more time I spend in the world now, the more who I used to be seems to become lost.
SimmonsJA: Psychiatrist, which means medical school and a rotation. However, it was not me, but Dr. Cline who made the original orders and she actually does have an M.D. as well.
Tony: I don’t think you quite understand my job. The CEO is always responsible.
Me: That you just don't want to take.
Tony: No, because a lot of that is just complete bullshit, you know, until your wife took over. Also, if you wanted me to know, you would tell me.
Me: You’re supplying the shovels to find those bodies.
“Well good thing, Flames is with the Secret Avengers. He can deal with whoever the purple raisin is.” Tony said, trying to reassure the young girl.
Me: I still don’t know what that means.
Director Snookums: We’ve known each other too long for that to work on me. When Coulson's team arrived they found one individual splattered across the room in enough pieces to make the forensic team cry.
The song Tony came out to was War by Edwin Starr. Yes, he appreciates the irony as a reformed and former war profiteer.
Counselor Laura: And if we’re not successful?
(See the end of the chapter for
Note 2: So I received a guest review from Megajet and because I couldn’t respond directly I’m going to take a moment now to address it. Unlike Archive of Our Own, fanfiction dot net doesn’t allow you to respond to guest reviews.
Nomad: I don’t know. I don’t even know she knows that I exist. Probably not since what my father did is so classified. There has to be hundreds of Joseph Rogers in the world.
Thank you for the cookies and the edible bouquet. They were delicious as always, or at least what was left in the refrigerator was delicious after the little vultures devoured the bouquet. They made an excellent post engineering binge snack. I may have gone in headfirst which is why I didn’t write when I arrived yesterday.
Francis: There isn’t a Laura in this timeline anymore.
BITC: I really worry about you sometimes.
“I am going to miss you too. I wish you could come back here for Thanksgiving,” Tony lamented.
Cuddle bunny: It doesn’t matter. It still would’ve been awful. And we were too distracted with fighting amongst ourselves to do anything to stop it.
HSBF: You wouldn’t have to. I would be there with you.
Purple Arrow: Of course.
Agent Laura: You are, and this is one of those times. However, you are a strong person, and you will get through this.
BITC: Then what else does he want from Benji?
Purple arrow: Probably because I’m not sure how to answer. I wasn’t here, and Laura’s gone. I want her back, but at the same time, we are in the middle of multiple alien invasions, apparently.
“They definitely did not use fine silk in Afghanistan. Safe Word?” Tony asked.
“A certain 11-year-old that’s hiding on the Avenger compound,” Steve supplied for him.
Person that cares about my boss: So it is that bad.
“You didn't at first," Steve remarked.
Anthony love: Yeah, I’m not sure there’s a way to phrase what’s happening without possibly getting a trip to mental health rehab. That’s not even going into whatever the fuck happened in Norway. That woman broke Thor’s hammer! We can’t even lift Thor’s hammer. I hope I can keep MJ from seeing that. I hope I can prevent May from seeing that.
Tony: Snuggle bear?
“But I think she is. Monkey lover really doesn’t like her and keeps mumbling things about backstabbing and killer robots. This is probably why he is in mental health rehab right at the moment?”
Up next - the beginning of 20 questions (not that anyone will actually be keeping count).
I’m going to be in Johannesburg with your boyfriend and his assistant. It’s a precaution. Stark is managing to piss a lot of people off.
Tony: Don’t care. He was an abusive alcoholic and he hurt your mom and you, so I don’t have the energy to remember his name or make up one for Stefan’s father. Eventually, he left and Steve’s mom told everybody that he died during the Great War where Stefan’s mom didn’t even bother with alive because divorce was normal.
Me: Me too. You would make a scary super villain.
“That’s true.” Steve sighed.
Red phone: Just like I’m not going to let them arrest Laura because I don't like playing ball with DOS or rather Ross because, let's be honest, most of his staff thinks he's a war mongrel and are counting down the days until he resigns. If seeing a therapist keeps the kids from seeing their mom dragged off in handcuffs for another day, then I’m going to do it.
"Steve doesn't have an ex-girlfriend." Okay apparently May never told Natasha about dating Steve and Tony definitely wasn't going to tell her. But here they were.
The Big Boss: At least three outlets accidentally reported that you're dating Chris Evans.
Me: It wasn’t just finding out that Anthony trusts Nomad more than her or that he was the new boyfriend. She also found out that Coulson and I are also on that list. Because of the situation, I’m the one making all the decisions because Coulson is trying to find out who did this and the Director is still trying to make his way back from Geneva.
The Boy in the Chair: Peter, are you still there?
Also, the people who tried to kill me were arrested yesterday, so no worries. And it wasn’t about you or any other powered person. Little Miss Sunshine was embezzling from the Edwin Jarvis Foundation and when I decided to appoint my new boyfriend as her co-director, she didn’t like that which is why she apparently resorted to murder. Idiot.
Me: Thank you. Yes, it would be easier for Honey Bear in Malta, but that’s not the only reason. I don't necessarily need to be in the tower when the happy couple is reunited. Besides, I’m the king of teleworking.
“Because you don’t think she would ever go for someone like you. Her last two boyfriends have both been billionaires. You feel like you can’t compete with that. So why even try.”
Time sent: 03/25/2018 09:05:41
Purple Arrow: I think that’s where New Asgard is, but I don’t know why an intervention would be necessary. Good luck trying to find a grief counselor with even Tony’s money. Those are hard to come by right now.
CoulsonPJ: Yes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony: I prefer Cuddle Bunny or Snuggle Bunny. Sugarplum is also a perennial favorite.
Nomad: I thought Friday was not an AI because that’s illegal.
Happy Bear: I’m starting to see that now.
Me: Because even Ly is more mature than you two and she's 6 (message not sent)
Me: You’re going to break up with me now for telling you that.
Red spider: She was still there and helped us kick alien ass. Bobby doesn’t want to see her ex-husband with his new “husband,” so she is moving on to the West Coast Avengers. Stark has a cover job there waiting for her, and Mack could use her. If things didn’t blow up, I was going to set you two up.
I’m sorry I wasn’t there with you when you woke up. My current nomadic lifestyle means that I’m always moving from one project to the next. I’ve been doing a lot of good. I’ve freed a lot of hostages. My therapist thinks that’s about you and so does my boyfriend. She may be right. I think she’s right about a lot of things. However, I’m not telling my boyfriend that he’s right. It will just go to his head.
Tony Potts: Did Steve of the good timeline ever tell my other self that?
Tony: Yes, but we are trying to work through things. I don't know where this will end up, but I told Steve the truth about our relationship.
Me: I still don’t know how he got out of that with so little damage. Fitzsimmons wants to run bone density tests.
Tony: Stop saying that. Yes, it is that bad. Question 23 is “How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people’s?” And 24 is “How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?”
To be continued.
Red phone: Don’t worry. I informed them of how lax their security was and even fixed it for free.
Red phone: Rhodey had video.
“We are supposed to talk about relationships with our moms. Which is almost something I feel like I can deal with, at least compared to talking about my father. I think it’s the same for you.” There is less baggage and trauma there compared to everything with Howard. But it’s still painful to think about Maria.
Me: Happy still doesn’t like you. I think he’s convinced himself that if you weren’t around Pepper and I would have gotten back together, despite the fact that none of the reasons why we broke up in the first place have been resolved. When we were both with other people, he was backing down. But now that she’s single again, I feel like all bets are off.
Me: I think you like me more because of that dark side.
“Yes, which actually goes to the next question, which is, is there anything too serious to joke about? Even though it should be obvious at this point that I use humor as a defense mechanism. However, joking about my desire to work things through with you is not something I would do. I want to fix us, and I have for the last seven years.
HSBF: I’m sure they’ll just assume that you’re joking. You are joking because I doubt she has agreed to it.
So the purpose of this letter is to reassure you that I do care for Tony deeply and genuinely, all parts of him. That I intend to be with him to the best of my ability and I will do my best not to hurt him again.
“Yes, she was text messaging your father at the time.” Bobo one answered, and the Princess tapped one of the beads on her wrist, and a hologram appeared.
“Actually, Ned did. He is worried about Peter, especially after Liz left,” Karen explained.
Evespring
“Steve don’t laugh,” Tony remarked.
Me: I was thinking about spending more time at the house in Malta. Although, is there any way I can get Kevin back?
“Who are you?” Tony asked, confused, and concerned.
"Enough to leave it all behind to be with him?" Sam asked.
HSBF: It’s not so bad now that I understand that.
“True. OK, question 14 is, have you wanted to do something for a really long time? If so, what?” Kissing you. Tony thought as soon as he read the question, but he would not say that one out loud. That would make things awkward. They’re trying to work away from awkwardness, which has been the perpetual state of their relationship since 2012.
“You two are not going to have a pissing contest in the middle of a five star hotel in a foreign country. Go to your rooms and calm down before I knock both of you out.” Agent Piper threatened.
Friday: I wanted you to be prepared if we successfully make it to the other timeline. Understanding interpersonal relationships and team dynamics of the other timeline can aid in that endeavor. That seems more important than learning how Hydra tried to assassinate several of your family members multiple times.
“The one that kind of sounds like Bradley Cooper? Why would Tony refer to him as a build a bear?”
Genius Princess: Because I change them. But did I change things enough? I don’t have an answer. Too much is at stake if I’m wrong.
(See the end of the chapter for
StarkAE: Your boyfriend stopped taking my calls unless they are spider or science related.
The new consultant: So Afia told me that you know and told me to text you via the Avengers communication system before running into some top-secret meeting that will hopefully tell her where the fuck my cousin is. Are you in Avenger medical?
Red phone: Yes, it was. I hate to admit this, but losing Jarvis was worse than losing Howard and mom. As brutal as it was to watch via VTC, the accident/assassination was quick. One day, I was arriving at the house too late after celebrating surviving finals and the next day, I was identifying their bodies.
Me: Which we will talk about when you get back.
To be continued.
Anthony: 28 and scary.
Red phone: Yes. For a couple more days anyway. I’m giving the decorators time to remodel. Since Pepper is gone from my personal life for good, it was time to remove her from my personal space.
Nomad: You will.
Monkey lover 2: Goodbye Hunter.
SimmonsJA: I do not need specifics. I’m not completely heartless. Otherwise I would have added kissing to the list of restricted activities. According to Shield medical files, he has no refractory period. The temptation would be too great.
Nomad: You know about that?
Thank you to everyone for your lovely comments and kudos. They really do keep me writing. I am officially back from vacation after only suffering minimal psychological damage. If you've ever read the summary for my story Starfleet Family Values you know my very interesting definition of a good family vacation. On a positive note I did pick up cuddle bunny from build a bear workshop a.k.a. the plush Captain America bear.
Me: Okay I don’t even know what that is. You’re really going through a list aren’t you?
Me: Surprisingly well. He hugged me for telling him what was wrong instead of continuing the research behind his back like I would have done in the past.
Nomad: You mentioned it briefly last time.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are wonderful.
Me: Shouldn’t you be mingling?
"I reacted badly," Tony acknowledged. Thank you therapy.
Tony: I still have a nanny part-time because I can get caught in the creative zone.
Tony: Not Rhodey or Jeffrey?
No prison riot yet but I did see that Senator Nadeer l and a couple of staffers have been charged with treason, in addition to the kidnapping and torture of her brother. I’m pretty sure I know which Senator was working with the Watchdogs to orchestrate last Tuesday’s attacks. Those treason charges are a dead giveaway.
Tony: Which means she’ll keep it, just so Agent won’t cry. She just loves her little Agent, even though she will never tell him that.
I hope you and Tony become whatever you two need to become.
Anthony: At least tell me there were no more death threats
Steve: I'll come with you to Manhattan. However, May is going to stay here. She doesn't want to leave Simmons unsupervised.
Me: Which was tempting after getting my ass kicked.
“And I wasn’t there when you needed me.” The regret in Steve’s voice almost broke Tony’s heart.
Tony Potts: So, do we have a therapist?
Anthony: Of course, the Director is also making me take a mandatory lie detector test, but at least it's only every six months. Also, I think he's having me do it just to find out what really happened in October 1997.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all wonderful.
“Yes. They are claiming they are the Inhuman resistance,” Steve tells the group.
Tony: I fucked up.
D Fitzsimmons: Yes. Well, maybe 4 ½ years, ever since we found the dusted body of Bobo 2 in that cryo-chamber. She started after she cursed us for changing the timeline the first time. I could understand her anger, but I still feel that what happened is still better then what's left of humanity being able to fit in the Lighthouse.
Boss: And can you please order some new toys for Lila and Nate? And maybe some new games for Cooper?
Tony: You’re the sweetest. Anyway, I’m texting you because you forgot to zip up the toiletry bag either last night when you went in for supplies or whenever you dropped your Aunt Peggy compass in there for safekeeping.
“Other suggestions? Because I feel like we need to take the Band-Aid approach here. You want to rebuild your new relationship with this version of your BFF right?”
Tony: Actually, it wasn’t me, it was Yo-Yo with my account, my Tony Stark account, so it might as well be me. Besides I can get away with that. Yo-Yo can’t. Although, Anthony C has been very active against Senator Hateful. That account has like 10,000 new followers in the last two days mostly because Chris Evans keeps retweeting him along with Mark Ruffalo. He’s leading the charge against superhero registration.
“I didn’t know Daisy had other family outside of her dad.”
Purple Princess: He’s like their biggest shipper. I mean, at most, it’s going to be an OT3.
Me: I think Friday is about 30 seconds from blocking the rest of your text messages because apparently I need to get a few more hours of sleep before I’m forced to make another appearance at the ATCU
“I’m sure the team will rule out LMD soon since AIDA was the only one.” Fitz said, just as the door to the room open. It must be time for another session with Dr. Suarez. But it wasn’t the doctor that walked into the room, but rather Simmons. He’s been using her last name to differentiate her from his fiancée back in his own time.
“I thought you wanted me to go to sleep?” Tony asked, confused and a little worried.
Nomad: He’s planning on having the date of death removed since apparently it’s no longer accurate.
To be continued
Tony: In this administration, who knows. It happened so often, I’m surprised the guy is running for re-election. But actually, it’s the secretary from the last administration that’s getting raked over the coals. The one who is definitely not Hydra. Check Twitter.
xxxxxx
To: The Mechanic
I actually end up doing the final proofreading on this conversation twice because I accidentally left it on my work computer.
Hunter: For the guy not in the room, Leo just threatened to withhold sex and threw a pillow at me. He is cranky when he only gets three hours of sleep. He was too stressed out to sleep past 1:30 AM.
“I probably shouldn’t use Cuddle Bunny?” Steve asked with a smirk.
Agent L. Barton: That makes sense because Bruce wasn’t actually part of your group. If she’s willing to help, let’s bring her in. In my timeline, she is the Avengers on-site nurse. Or at least she was before hurricane Maria. She’s actually in charge of the Jarvis foundation’s relief work on the island. Oh, we definitely need her. I’m sure she has the same skill set as her counterpart.
Me: Don’t. And of course I remember because I’m not vividly describing in graphic detail what I want to do to you as soon as I make it to the room.
“You know they’re always allowed in here.” The Princess answered, and at that, Ana opened the elevator. Although instead of seeing Fitz or Simmons exit the elevator, Peter saw their alternate timeline guest.
Tony: I am going last. One of the board members is currently talking about the glory days of Howard’s genius a.k.a. all the weapons design and mass murder. I don’t even think dad was proud of that. He always drank himself into a coma on August 6.
Venom: I hope so. I’m currently bringing MJ ice cream because she started crying about Daisy again. I would give her hot chocolate, but we were out.
Nomad: What did you do? Please tell me you didn't try to kill Ross?
Time sent: 9/20/2016 21:01:41
Jemma: I’m not even sure what I actually did. I don’t remember.
The new consultant: I think that might be partially true. You’re aware he gets jealous. The boy in the chair doesn’t even know Benji is probably a Kenzie 2 and checks your ass out in gym class regularly.
Me: OK, bonus points for you figuring out the subterfuge thing. I kind of love you a little bit more for that answer. Although maybe we’re going to have to come up with a different name for your best friend.
Agent 13: You have a point. Anything else?
HSBF: Wait, why is Karen still with you? Shouldn’t Friday be back right now?
Friday: I have taken the liberty of re-sending the remaining questions to your email account. Please review.
“That they figured out how to fix things,” Steve remarked.
HSBF: Shouldn’t that have happened earlier, preferably before receiving a presidential pardon?
Nomad: What are you talking about Tony?
The mechanic: Did he notice the engagement ring yet?
Girl Friday: You went to a UN environmental conference just to have a chance to hook up with dad. Don’t say otherwise because I was the one who booked the hotel rooms.
Red Malibu: Everything is set up. Although we are moving up the timetable a couple of days because of recent events.
Me: I hope so.
“I didn’t choose him. I chose you. I didn’t want you doing something you would regret." Steve confessed.
Because Cuddle Bunny and Friday are really observant, I found out that one of the early attempts took away one of the really good people in my life. Anna Jarvis was an angel among humanity and she was taken out by a stray bullet. Everybody told me she died in a home accident not during a botched assassination. Now I understand the importance of always wearing Kevlar and my super strong replacement for Kevlar.
Anthony: I wasn’t in the suit. I was drawing with Lily Bear and taking advantage of my excellent Wi-Fi. I’m going to email you something to give to her dad.
“In the old days, before I got sober, I would get you a giant bottle of something very expensive and alcoholic.” Tony joked.
To be continued
“I wish it wasn’t something that happened in both timelines. That mess is still my number three regret.” Tony explained.
Venom: Peter and Afia have decided that we should go down to the Royal Embassy because there's more space down there and apparently better food. We consumed most of the ice cream and chocolate on base last night.
Genius Princess: But this is frozen coffee with whip cream and chocolate sauce. I believe it’s called a frappe. He also brought me a croissant. Technically I’m no longer in the lab while I’m eating. See, I took a break.
Tony: Every other day. It’s exhausting. They have such a ridiculous concept of mental illness. It’s enough to make me not want to take my medication but then if I don’t take the medication, I will become what they say I am and I’m not giving them the satisfaction. I don’t want to be reckless and hurt people, so I need to stay on my treatment plan.
Me: Probably because somebody at the UN realized that Colonel Rhodes is on the short list of individuals Tony Stark will actually listen to.
HSBF: I probably would’ve died of an asthma attack 60 years ago if I wasn’t so stubborn.
Melinda: I’ll come with you. I will try to talk to Phil before Malta. But if this goes badly I’m going to find you in whatever country you’re in and hurt you.
Me: But they’re gone now.
Tony: I think Daisy put most of his fake background together before. The only thing he changed was his last name to Fitzsimmons. I think it was his way of honoring his late grandfather.
Tony: Because I’m a moron. It may be because I’m a billionaire or maybe because I’ve managed to successfully back up everything important to the cloud. I don’t think there’s anything tangible worth running back in for.
Me: And since I am a dick, I'm just going to ask if you are upset that Peggy married Daniel while you were enjoying the Arctic?
Time sent: 11/12/2016 22:51:41
DILF: You’re not. You’re a good dad. You retired just so you could be a stay-at-home parent.
Red phone: I’m sending you pictures of their artwork. They have some new costume ideas for you since you’re now a man without a country.
Tony: No. I’ve only talk to her a couple of times recently, mostly to make sure you’re not, you know, killing yourself. It’s probably going to be even less now that Vision is planning to move out. Honestly, I prefer not to know.
Me: I mean in his prosthetic hand. That thing even makes me drool. It has an energy shield I’m going to reverse engineer for you as soon as I have a sufficient amount of sleep. You need all the help you can get. How many broken bones did you get on your last mission?
“So if Peggy came back from the dead, would you totally drop May?” Tony asked.
“Which is what I was trying to explain.” Bobo one complained.
Counselor Laura: That could make things worse.  Withdrawal sucks.
Me: The details of that are too classified for this conversation, especially because Agent Scary and Agent Agent warned me that less benevolent individuals are trying to find my cuddle bunny to use him against me.
Me: You're not going after Nomad, which I’m happy about. Why are you going after Quake? What makes her different?
“We will be. I may make him bunk with you tonight, but we’ll get through it. It helps to know that we were together in the other timeline.”
D FitzSimmons: Why didn't you tell me you were planning this? I could've helped, and then I would know how to get home now.
Me: Tony is not ready to see him in person yet. He’s working through what happened, both of us are, but there needs to be more time.
Me: We deal with aliens and mad scientists on a daily basis. This should not surprise you.
D Fitzsimmons: I wanted her to come work for SI. It's an excellent job. Pepper is the best boss, but she refused. All she does is drink and try to figure out a way to go back in time. May and Natasha keep her at the Avenger compound because they feel guilty. Although maybe Steve thought Nat and Nana could be lonely together.
Steve is Nomad.
Me: It’s okay. I am trying to keep a low profile until dinner tonight. If people see me on your arm, they’re obviously going to easily figure out who I am to you.
HSBF: Yes, but then I realized that I missed half of the plot points of the first half of the movie because I was more into reading what you were writing then watching the movie. I decided it would be best to re-watch the whole thing from the beginning and that way I can give you my full undivided attention.
“Radcliffe was. The director didn’t know about what he was really doing yet. I was also on another mission in Miami.” Leo explained.
“Remember, I am other Tony’s sponsor and former sobriety coach.” Laura reminded him.
“I think I might make it. Look, you call Pepper and I will get you coffee. Although maybe you should call Peter first." Steve says as he gets up from the bed, but not before kissing Tony again.
Dear Mr. Stark:
“It should have,” Steve agreed.
Me: Midtown because Afia wants to keep an eye on Peter and I approve. I gave a very generous donation and they are opening a spot according to the school board. They’re going to name the new science lab that I’m paying for after Bruce.
Me: That’s understandable. We will do a lot for the ones we love. I can use someone like that.
Time sent: 9/21/2016 21:03:11
Nomad: Some people deal with grief better than others.
The new consultant: That isn’t reassuring.
To be continued
“I didn’t give a good first impression either. Maybe it’s best not to judge people by first impressions.”
Tony Potts: Actually, if he spoke to me before then, there may not have been a wedding. I could have helped May get custody of her kids with the legal team. But no, he just had to do it himself. Is it really that hard to ask for help? Or is it only hard for him to ask for my help?
FRIDAY: I don’t believe he is ready for that epiphany yet.
Tony Bear: Why is it that at every fancy business lunch I am forced to participate in involves micro-portions and overly pretentious people? I’m 30 seconds from punching out world business leaders number three, six and 12.
HSBF: Although, we will be in Wakanda on Christmas Day. He wrote back and just said he’s looking forward to seeing me. Are you really okay with that?
Me: Except one of them was Spider Junior’s father.
Me: I’m sure you did.
Purple Princess: Actually, it is secure. Dad owns the entire building, and it’s mostly ATCU agents with the occasional SI employee for flavor. We also put in the princess’s soundproof technology.
Me: Technically three. If we were not friends, I would poach Dr. Fitz. Your new exoskeleton is coming along nicely, thanks to his input. It should be ready for you next week. Now you’re only installing new elevators into the Playground for the sake of ADA compliance.
Tony Potts: No. Also, baby girl Friday decided to send everything to your 2018. Apparently, Steve's baby girl Robin told her to because, of course, Robin is calling the shots right now.
Morgan’s dad: You know they say the first step is admitting you have a problem. Also, don’t put words in my mouth.
Me: I thought you guys are better.
“So you like this look?” Steve asked.
Tony: That’s the Boy Scout in you. You’re always prepared.
"Anything spicy that doesn't contain sunflower seeds or yogurt. Apparently, I'm developing a yogurt allergy."
“Yes. I would have hated never meeting you.” There was that soft smile again.
Tony: Which is exactly how Shield ended up back in the graces of the US government.
I just wanted to tell you these things so you won’t worry. If you want to talk to me, feel free to pass the message through FRIDAY. She’ll see that I get it.
Tony: They still have a lot of toys and so do I. Date Thursday?
To be continued
It took Steve a moment to realize exactly who Tony was talking about. He meant Daisy. The one May watched disappear right in front of her. The child that she called out for in the middle of the night.
Love: I love you, though.
Captain Tight Pants: I get it. Not shaving, dying my hair darker, and wearing baggier clothes has helped.
Warning: This chapter has heavy spoilers for Spider-Man: Homecoming. A lot of this stuff has been in the trailer, but the trailer was slightly misleading.
“I’m not writing that,” Steve sighed. “Especially because it almost sounds like I’m dating you because of your connections to my past which is not true,” he reassured.
TMNS: Counselor Laura is also missing.
Me: Also, the US military doesn’t want to run millions of tests on her so they can make more super soldiers.
"I don't hate you. I don't really know you enough to hate you," Sam acknowledged.
Me: Personally, a lifelong public servant definitely screams All-American to me. What's more American than a tiny woman of Asian ancestry that can kick all your asses? We are a nation made of many. It's who we are.
Tony: I know. I just want things to be better. I need to try.
Anthony love: But if I found out you were taken to another timeline by my alternate timeline double, I would probably break a wall too. Mainly because the Fitzsimmons kid is awful at delivery.
HSBF: That’s sweet.
I also want to say I’m ridiculously excited for the final season of AOS to begin on May 27.
Counselor Laura from 2023: Deke is actually there?
Steve: I don't know. We don't exactly have a lot of the Pym particles. Deke tried to reverse engineer the particles, but I’m not sure how far he got.
Nomad: I find you very confusing. And yet I really like you. Not your money, not your brains, not your swagger, just you. I care about you.
Nomad: I wasn’t going to mention that.
The Boy in the Chair: Or action figures. You should have your own action figures.
The Mechanic: I’m probably going to have to get him a car.
Me: I don’t know. Anything would’ve been better than finding out by watching footage of the assassination. I’m never going to forget those images. Hydra is full of sick little fuckers.
“In that case, how can you take being undercover for so long? Always pretending to be someone you’re not. I worry I’m going to say the wrong thing or respond to the wrong name and it will all fall apart, but this time Ross will arrest Tony for helping me."
Tony: And May just read that in this kind of glaring at me way and I kind of was just forced to explain what happened.
Thank you for all of your beautiful reviews. You’re all wonderful. Also thank you to everyone who read or left kudos.
Red phone: But I bet there were some guys that would.
TMNS: You’re not going to say that I’m too young for this?
Tony: We wanted Morgan to have the same last name as us. It's more important that we’re committed to Morgan then if we have paperwork filed with the state. Besides, I don't think Pepper wants to have a big wedding without her mom, and Happy would hate to miss it. He's like our biggest shipper. Although now I'm starting to wonder why he shipped us so much.
Pepper pot: But don’t you wish it was you?
Kitty brother: Not actually what he does according to the other timeline’s intelligence reports but an action that warrants attention nonetheless.
Agent 13: It's possible. Even if they don't know you're his boyfriend, you are listed as his health care agent in case he becomes incapacitated.
Me: No, you would be hitting on me from your nursing home bed. You would live to hit a centennial, no matter what.
“Yes, the Quinjet I design that was supposed to be Shield proof and yet, the Princess made it so I couldn’t track you.” Tony pouted at him.
Counselor Laura: You might have more things to work through than who I’ll just call Tony 2018, but I know you. You don’t believe in the impossible. You’ll work through it.
Tony: I’m pretty sure I’ve put Pepper through worse though. Although, I think cocaine was involved.
Friday: Contrary to what you believe, not everything is about you.
“She's not on the list anymore." That wasn’t the answer Tony was expecting.
Tony Potts: 29
FRIDAY: I will do so. Do you really care about my boss?
Tony: Okay. I love your version of my mini bio because I think this is the longest series of text messages you actually sent me. It’s good to know that you’re paying attention.
Blue phone: You shouldn’t use that type of language around small children.
“Well, it's better than us talking about our milkshakes for another 10 minutes.” Which did happen.
TMNS: It’s not that cool. It’s stressful and worrying.
The Mechanic: And what about Mr. Patriotism?
MayMQ: He said that he was, but I’m not sure with him.
“Not lying per se, but not relaying pertinent classified information which we have always agreed was permissible,” Fitz argued and Leo just sighed. He would have assumed his younger self would have learned not to dig the hole deeper by this point.
Me: That’s understandable.
Counselor Laura: Not everything is your fault. After what happened with Shield, Clint doesn’t trust the government and he’s never been a fan of the UN. Honestly, he’s never been a fan of government bureaucracy and red tape. He always felt it got in the way of the mission. But he had Coulson and Fury and he trusted both of them to watch his back. He doesn’t think that the new system had anyone like that, especially with Ross as their poster child at the time.
“My dad left us and moved to Nevada, so DNA has very little to do with it,” Steve remarked darkly. Tony wished he knew about Steve’s daddy issues a long time ago. It could’ve been a bonding moment.
Me: I told Joey that I have a boyfriend. Only you and me know that’s not true, mostly because I’m not sure what the hell we are.
Me: Let’s see, Melinda wasn’t there with us because she’s still trying to find Laura’s wayward husband and Laura was with her. So basically, a lot of the dinner involved being yelled at. Especially when Benjamin’s aunt realized what really happened last Saturday with the collapsed building. Also, Agent got to try out his shield.
“I told the President yesterday that I was taking the job, so I am allowed to video chat with you since I’ve been authorized to negotiate with the Secret Avengers and Nomad.”
Nomad: Agent Daisy right?
TMNS: I know who you’re talking about. Tony got her banned from Twitter after DMing me very explicit pics on my official Spider-man Twitter account. They may have been of that tattoo without her wearing any underwear. Tony called Jack personally. He got them to change their TOS.
Me: Tony’s anything but easy but it’s better being with somebody who knows me entirely. I think you said something similar when you were drunk.
HSBF: Only if you’re planning to buy the team and move them back to New York.
“We are not having a 1 AM wedding,” Steve whispered.
“Okay, I am completely done sending all necessary emails for at least the next 24 hours,” Tony said, putting down his Stark pad.
Me: Good luck with that. Look, we are just in Baltimore for a little assistant and boss bonding.
Me: So the real question is, why are they so freaked out now?
anniversary of mission report December 16, 1991 a.k.a. the day Tony’s parents were murdered by Hydra, the bastards.
A/N: Okay, so the presidency in the MCU requires some severe mental gymnastics to make sense, because it’s obvious that the writers on the Runaways and Luke Cage can’t keep presidents in the MCU separate from President’s in the real world. I had to get creative for it to kind of make sense.
Me: Because I can. Because you need me to. I don’t think you’re ready to let go yet. I mean you did choose to move on to Agent Carter Jr. She can definitely kick ass like Aunt Peggy did, if nothing else.
Anthony love: Hey, sweetie pie! Are you still en route to the Lighthouse, or are you heading to the Playground?
To be continued
Steve: I know that now, but I didn’t at the time. We have our own issues to work through that are completely different from our other timeline counterparts.
My heart dropped to my stomach when Sharon told me what happened. Just the thought of losing you makes me sick. I don’t want to be without you. I’m not sure I can survive without you. I can’t even go a week without talking to you.
Me: She was around a lot when I was growing up until dad did something stupid.
Blue phone: It’s the pineapple pizza that I find really weird.
“I don’t agree with that.” Leo gave her a sad smile at those words.
Tosha: When they’re not making excuses to touch each other. They’re trying to avoid each other, yet they are sitting next to each other, and Steve’s hand just happens to be on Tony’s leg now. Kamala is less awkward around Bruno.
Tony Potts: One of those seems very different than the others. Although I can definitely see Capt. Tight Pants. He has America's ass. And it's only gotten better over the years. Also, I think I would add DILF to that now.
Agent M: Despite all indications otherwise, she doesn't want Red Malibu dead and had some Intel about what happened that required in person contact.
Red phone: I think if you just want to stay a mild-mannered therapist and not run into burning buildings to save people, you wouldn’t have to sign the accords. The lawyers are on standby if you ever want to do this.
Me: And that was before one tried to kill me.
Friday: Although this is fascinating, please try to keep your report to the relevant topic at hand, which would be how you arrived. Also, the boss would like to know how you ended up the head of R&D.
Me: Trust me, I wish I could have brought Coulson instead, especially because things are so tensed between him and Purple Arrow. However, the unofficial historian of Shield needs to give a guided tour the base to several senators sometime next week to secure funding for new Shield since seizing assets from Hydra just won’t work anymore.
“So, you lived an entirely different life where your father never left?” Jemma asked, still trying to process everything. She’s been doing that a lot over the last few days.
Counselor Laura: I understand that. Too well. I'm also starting to wonder who in the universe I pissed off to have to deal with  "Tony and Steve can't deal with their feelings" part two because you know it's not just him. You also have a saving people problem.
"So do I," Steve replied back.
“I wish I could say that I am surprised about that. How did that Stark end up in charge of Shield?” Steve asked her.
Red phone: All in all, it was a somewhat productive trip
Me: Said warhead was stolen with the use of my father’s tech from the ATCU facility in March, which makes me feel all nauseous inside. That’s another thing that never made the news.
“I’m not ready for that yet.” Not at all.
Counselor Laura: May Parker-Riley is dating one of Peter’s professors. Also, is everything really okay? Because it doesn’t feel like it is. You’ve lost a lot of people.
CoulsonPJ: We were able to arrive in time to at least help with the extraction because Ned called Laura after Happy hung up on him when he tried to warn him about the attack.
CoulsonPJ: I was following orders.
Location: The Lighthouse
Blue phone: Your ‘birthday present’ arrived two hours ago, but I haven’t had time to test it out. You really didn’t have to put it in happy birthday paper.
“Who is right?”
Tosha: I’m so sorry.
Me: A little. He’s not happy about Yo-Yo relocating to LA but that’s mostly because everybody feels like I need a babysitter.
Anthony: Yes. It’s enough to make me sad that I have no idea what country Natasha is in.
Agent M: Not an option. Talk him out of it.
Venom: Sorry, I kissed your not-a-boyfriend in front of you. I still don’t get why you gave me chocolate after that humiliation.
Director Snookums: Also, they found a very dangerous Hydra weapon that mysteriously disappeared from Shield lockup 48 hours ago. Something that nobody told me about until they found the missing weapon. There were also 10 unconscious members of the watchdog terrorist group.
Red phone: How do you know that?
“No, I understand why you want that. I will say fix things with us. The reason why I waited so long was I thought it would be harder than what it actually is,” Tony confessed.
Nomad: Except it’s more than empty threats behind a keyboard. A group of them blew up a federal building in the name of getting rid of people like me, using Howard’s secret and dangerous tech to do it.
Me: We are a block from the hotel right now. We’re stuck in traffic. I’m tempted to get out and walk. I wish I could just fly to you.
Nomad: When did you take out part of the garage?
Genius Princess: Your spring break starts Friday?
Tony: Actually, that would be Yo-Yo. She would love it if you did not call her every 20 minutes to check on May so she can get in a farewell day with her boyfriend before she flies back Tuesday night to LA to investigate Mister Flaming Head and maybe fuck with Pepper’s ex-boyfriend. If you’re going to have superspeed use it to punish dark souls, especially those that break my Pepper Pop’s heart.
“Okay how about this. ‘So you’re probably wondering who my boyfriend is. He’s Howard’s son and Peggy’s pseudo-nephew. Yes, I’m well aware he tried to kill you about six months ago. He’s sorry about that. Did you get his apology flowers? He told me it was a nice arrangement.’”
Tony: There was also the fiasco with me in a fight with other superheroes in Germany due to our stellar communication skills. I don’t think she slept for at least three days because of that mess. Jane is also not happy that I refuse to throw Benji to the wolves for the sake of the bottom line.
“I was. But I feel like you knew that.”
Loki has transformed into their female form and has told the Grand Master that I’m her magical warrior handmaiden. (Note to self, asked Loki about pronoun preference.) Apparently, the Grand Master enjoys princesses from far-off planets and for the moment we are safe. Although we were invited to what I’m assuming is some sort of orgy. If I find out Loki agreed for us to be concubines for this Grand Master, I will quake the Prince of Lies to pieces. BTW, that name is so stupid and pretentious.
Steve has been in enough fights to know when he’s about to be punched. Happy just had that look in his eyes. Steve was going to let him get in one shot before incapacitating him. However, that’s when Agent Piper pulled out an Icer.
“Shit!” Leo exclaimed.
DILF: Maybe because I don’t know how to talk to you. It’s just easier to go through a whole basket of mozzarella sticks and churros.
Red phone: Pepper’s glaring at me right now.
Venom: You’ll just want pictures?
Me: Physically, I’m okay. Mentally, just be happy that I didn’t drink anything.
Me: I didn't go to the funeral because I didn't want to cause a spectacle. Honestly, I can’t even go to Starbucks without causing a spectacle.
Nomad: I forgot about that. I shouldn’t have written her.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. We are going to get to some of the heavy stuff right now.
Red phone: Rhodey threw away most of the alcohol which is quite a feat considering.
“Should I tell Peter the truth about Germany and Siberia?” Steve heard Tony ask from beside him. He almost thought that Tony had finally fallen asleep after spending the last hour brainstorming out loud about places they can meet up. Apparently there were plans for Christmas in Malta in the works, he thinks. Steve knows Tony needs to fall asleep, but they really can’t stop talking to each other because they only have a few more hours together. He wants to make the most of it. Tony can sleep on the plane and Steve will crash after he gets to his new safe house. He has gone on less sleep before.
Me: So what’s the solution to my problem?
Me: She's not mad at you, per se, she's concerned. I think she might be a little mad at me, but that’s a Tony problem.
Venom: Because apparently, he’s the epitome of good. He’s crushing on you.
“It happened twice, because you couldn’t hear me the first time.”
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. Also, thank you to all those that have left kudos. Every bit keeps me writing. The last conversation generated a lot of comments. I promise several when replying that this would be up by Friday but the week was a little more chaotic than I thought it would be and I did not have time to finalize the chapter until this morning.
Friday: Mr. Stark has programmed me to run facial recognition on any individual who attacks him in the nude. This is why he usually wears sunglasses.
Warning: Tiny spoilers for AoS episode 4.2 and 4.3. But I’m deliberately going against what they’re doing so I don’t think it counts.
“So you’re definitely against that idea. I will let Jane know. And then I’ll schedule something with Laura.”
HSBF: That’s good to know. Although that does explain why she lasted so long.
Tony: As for how I knew about this, Friday prepared me a primer on the other timeline. I wanted to know about Hydra-related bullshit, and she decided to give me relationship rundowns. Teenager, I tell you, teenager.
: Early nickname for Captain Steve Rogers when Tony was still in denial about his feelings for the captain.
Me: I guess that’s good. Are you even allowed to speak to Peter?
“Do we have time to stage an intervention?” He knew Laura was serious too. They tried to get Simmons to go with them to an AA meeting yesterday after the disastrous all-hands meeting where she threw up on Laura, but they were unsuccessful. Tony does not want to think about how much alcohol had to be consumed for that to happen. Maybe it was stress and not just alcohol. He was too afraid to ask Friday for her BAL. It had to be at least triple the legal limit.
“Yes. After the two Baltimore incidents, we decided to use a decoy plane and then sneak everything else out with fake milk trucks. Instead of following orders, he flew everything out in one plane which was attacked according to media reports by a guy dressed as a "vulture". There are video files, possibly posted by someone I need to fire." Tony said as he pulled up one of the more benign things that ended up on Twitter.
Therapist Laura: Nice subject change. Yes, I let Tony take my kid to the White House. He’s actually really good with children. Lila misses her dad and maybe if the president sees the effect that this is having on her, we can come up with some more reasonable policies that work for everyone.
Tony: You're my best friend, too, and I love you as well. I wish my fiancée lived in the same country as me, but I'm working on it. But I'm happy, sober, and in a much better place than I was seven months ago. Steve makes me happy. Right now this is the happiest I’ve been in a very long time.
Anthony love: We’re not entirely sure how Friday from 2023 managed to send the data through with our visitor, but it’s probably going to be useful. At a minimum, it’s going to be less annoying than Deke, the future SI chief creative officer. Other Tony must still be drinking.
Blue phone: I’m sorry.
May: Are you sure the other timeline isn’t pulling a prank on you? I feel like this is something my other self would do with you.
Tony: Yes. As I said earlier, my meetings went really late and I wasn’t quite up to driving. Thankfully, I have an apartment here and so does Yo-Yo. I put her next to Vision. For the moment anyway. I feel like he’s going to be leaving soon.
Counselor Laura: Friday, was I among those lost during this decimation?
Image 5: Steve’s drawling of a nude Tony spread out before him on Tony’s luxurious bed with Steve perched over him with a half torn shirt and a smile.
“But what about others like Peter and his aunt?” Steve asked.
“You could look out the window and see him leave,” Karen suggested.
D Fitzsimmons: As mentioned before, two weeks ago, things changed when Scott Lang mysteriously showed up five years after disappearing thanks to the Quantum Realm and the Pym particles. We had a new avenue to research. One that was more fruitful than the monoliths. That's when we decided to try to bring Stark on board.
DILF: Is this like before when you tried to keep Ross away from us? I only know of everything you did to keep Ross away because May told me.
Anthony: I’m aware of that. I’m having dinner with friends tonight so I have to get dressed. So no hiding in my lab to cry about the fact that I will be a lonely bachelor for the rest of eternity for me tonight. But that does mean I need to cut this conversation short.
Tony: Anyway, I accidentally knocked half of it out into the sink. Now I didn't hear the telltale click of a ring going down the drain, but it's not in the bag, so I just want to double-check with you before I take the Royal sink apart.
Blue phone: Are you okay? Physically. I know you’re not okay emotionally.
Tony: True.
Tony: Do I need to have Friday pull up the call logs from my normal phone? At least you know better than to call from your phone. Progress.
The Mechanic: He’s on the pre-approved to use Friday for whatever needs necessary list. So are you, for that matter.
Steve: I get that. I’ll mention it to Kamala if Pepper is OK with it.
Venom: Beyond the impending apocalypse. I really don’t want to become dust. I hope for us to avoid that.
“As I stated earlier, you are overthinking things right now. Sometimes this happens when I’m working on a project and I get stuck. So I take a step away and work on something else and then while I’m working on the other project, I usually solve my problem on the first project,” Tony explained.
Genius Princess: Not from Daisy herself, but from the version of Ana uploaded into her communicator. She's not on Asgard.
Warning: A little sexually suggestive dialogue, but Steve is trying to shut it down because of their 16-year-old voyeur. I should probably add that as a tag to the story.
Purple Arrow: Lila got a cryptic message to me that you were drinking again, and I made a deal with the feds. Or rather Coulson did, not that I knew. I didn’t find out until he was dead again. I didn’t even know he was alive until he was dead again.
Me: Understandable.
Stephen C: Though you told me weeks ago not to text message you, I figure you almost dying is good enough reason to actually check on you.
Me: I say we do lightning round and knock these last few out then it will no longer be over our heads.
The Mechanic: And sorry I just started checking messages again. The real phone anyway. Steve may have accidentally crushed it during activities. Okay, the press managed to get through the Friday filters and Steve reacted badly. After that I upped the Friday filters to notify only in the event of terrorist activities or an apocalypse. Apparently, the Avengers getting back in the good graces of the U.S. Government didn’t quite meet the criteria.
