Cas continued to stride down the hallway as Crowley bounded along beside him, trying to keep up.
“How the hell do you know that?”
Dean handed over cash as he gratefully took the five gift bags from the sales person, saying to keep the change.
Cas didn’t even look at him, replacing his guns and weapons about himself. “You’re a fugitive. Fugitives wear restraints.”
Dean started drumming his legs as he began to hum. “No.”
Sam barely looked up, waving them in. He glared at the staff until they backed out of the room and closed the door. He then picked up the phone.
“Look, Gabriel, I want to tell you something, about Kurasawa, us, everything, it’s all my fault. I mean, I act like a fucking child around you, I can’t admit anything is my fault and I project that onto you, that’s not fair, you deserve better than that.”
“Just Cole, Sam. But then again, you said people. So no.”
“You won’t last one hour without me. You’ll be dead in a minute.” Cas was seething.
“Would love to fuck you against a wall, Cas. Feel those strong thighs gripping around me.”
“You see, that’s the right reaction when people find out about your weird car relationship. I like you, Cas. I think we’ll keep you.” Charlie nodded knowingly.
At the end of the street, a local police car appeared, blocking Cas’ way. He had been going slightly too fast, so as he turned the bike, he collided with the side of the police car. “Sorry!” The bike zipped off again, with sirens trailing behind. Cas made his way through a street market in a square, easily passing through the stalls, yelling at people to get out of his way. “Move. Move. Move. Now. Move. Move. God DAMMIT!”
“Huh. Is that right? How’s that nose of yours doing?” This earned him a glare, but Dean spotted Gabriel’s smirk before Gabriel could look away.
“Tell me something, the day you and Gabriel took that picture I saw in your place, what kind of things would you have done for him to make him happy?”
Two men wearing dark leather clothes, baseball caps and sunglasses walked past her, heading for the roof. They calmly slipped past milling and running doctors, stepping into a lift, pressing the top button.
These faded out as the ringing in Cas’ ears grew.
The judges conferred. Zach leaned in to whisper something to Jody. Gabriel looked around with a nervous expression.
The clerk hummed with disinterest.
Cas laughed bitterly. “I’m not going to let you charm me into this one, Gabe.”
“Take a mental picture of it. I find it’s safer if we use a car that blends in with the surrounding traffic.”
“You know what, why don’t you go fuck yourself and the horse you rode…….hello.”
“No!” Dean looked back to Cas with an earnest and shocked expression. “Is that what you thought?? Any time you saw me, I was helping you. In Prague, I was watching out to make sure your extraction of the client went smoothly. I anticipated your plan because my background team are just that good. I knew the team you were up against, and I was nervous, cos you were all by yourself. You were walking into an ambush up ahead on that exposed square. I took out several guys, but the rock gave under my rifle right as I took the last shot, which grazed your shoulder by accident. Complete accident, I swear. I beat myself up over that for months, you have no idea. I could have killed you! The look on your face when you looked up and saw me…. The last thing I want to do is cause you any pain. But at least you were able to take out the last guy from the ambush yourself, as I had frozen up. I don’t think you know this, but we’ve had several crossed cases over the years, where I had the contract to kill your client. The second I realised it was your client, I stopped immediately. I never ever went after anyone until your job was done, then I got them afterwards sometimes. Even killed some other hitmen who also had the contract on your client and were coming for you. Not that you aren’t capable, I just wanted to help you. Keep you safe since you work solo. I would never cause you harm on purpose in any way. I promise. As I said, I like you too much.”
Cas’ attention was caught by a large Rasputin looking long-haired bearded man, standing in the corner, staring at him creepily. He was lit up with blue light, and the several creepy mannequins lounging behind him don’t help things. The bags under his eyes accentuated his death glare directly at Cas. He was bare chested, and covered in tattoos. The main one that stood out was a large red winged angel of death with a scythe in the middle of his chest, taking up most of his torso. The bloodthirsty look in his eyes was unnerving.
"Isn't this supposed to be a secret?"
“Sorry, sir. That’s for management only.”
“Show me your hands!”
harm’s way.”
“Eat my ass!!”
Chuck stood at the window, staring pensively into the night. The news played in the background.
Dean couldn’t help himself. He broke down into a fit of laughter, rolling about on the road’s surface, clutching his stomach that was already pained from his convulsions.
Cas nodded stoically, watching the road. “Can’t wait to hear what I’ll do next. That’s great.”
Crowley nodded, taking a small step back. “All right.”
Despite the bandage, Dean was bleeding profusely from his leg wound, a pool forming rapidly around his foot.
“All right, on three. You ready, Dean? One….” Dean stood and took out all three shooters in the space of a second. He stood up more fully, craning his head, making sure they were dead. Cas popped up beside him.
“A roving drifter killed my preacher father and displayed him on the altar of his own church. I took my revenge and didn’t look back. My mother remarried some low life criminal who was in and out of prison, and even though I hated him, and was now gainfully employed myself, I stuck around to keep my little brother safe from him. I took Sam away when our Mom died a few years later, and looked after him ever since.”
“That where you keep the Jag?” Dean’s smirk was back. Cas banged the door open in anger and climbed into the bus, speaking to Dean back over his shoulder.
He looked up as he felt Dean give his hand a squeeze. “You’re part of the wolf pack now, Cas.” Cas nodded with another blush, staring at Dean’s emeralds.
As they drew near the Hague, a thought occurred to Dean.
Sam had been decorating the library all afternoon. He didn't forget the back corner that contained the TV, couch and his recliner. Dean and Cas normally sat together on the couch, another subtle sign he had kicked himself for not picking up on sooner, but it was here that he hoped the magic would happen, so it got extra decorated.
Cas laughed, staring at Dean in disbelief. “Hector Ramirez was an assassin.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.” Cas looked amused. He flicked on the radio, landing on a news report.
“Rowena’s family, Cas. She’s fierce. She’s saved my ass more times than I’d care to count. Nobody would dare cross her. We’re safe here. She helped me find you.”
Dean threw his head back, laughed heartily and pulled her into another hug.
Zach piped up. “And don’t doubt what he’s capable of.” He took Gabriel’s shoulder fondly.
“No, Ma’am.”
Dean giggled, not minding in the slightest, moving his hand along the shaft. “It’s okay Cas, I like how responsive you are. I want to hear you.” Cas hissed as Dean pushed his thumb into the slit which was already soaked with pre-come, spreading it along his length. Cas threw his head back with a choked off sob. With the distraction, Dean moved like a ninja, dropping to his knees, immediately deep throating Cas with ease like a pro. He sucked Cas off like his life depended on it.
“Dover? That’s quite a ways, Cas. I’d love to help you dr—“
“Yeah, but the question is, would you? If I’m paying triple A rates, then I want that full service shit. That extra A stands for ass. Yours. Between mine and the bullet.”
“Well, you know, when you jumped out of the car, I gave him the 4-1-1 on you on the phone.”
Chuck looked at him with a face of genuinely disgusted confusion. “Who?”
“Make a shank yet?” Dean began to probe his wound, looking for the bullet. His voice turned pained as he dug around.
“Seriously though, Cas. You’re welcome back to ours for a night cap. We usually play games and such as well. If you’re up for it? No obligation.”
Dean got to the top of the stairs, and spotted Chuck at the top of the metal staircase. He took quick aim, shooting at him, just as the police officer yanked his wrist from the side, pulling Dean off balance. He got Dean to drop the gun by slicing at him with the knife as they spun around. Dean jumped back, keeping his distance from the wild slashes. He then allowed the guy to step in close on his terms. Dean grabbed his wrist, angling the knife away while he elbowed the guy into the face. Dean then pulled him headfirst into the wall, taking the knife and plunging it deep into the guy’s side. He roared with pain, before slumping to the ground. Dean took the gun from his holster, checked the magazine, and glared after Chuck. Dukhovich was running over a metal walkway nearby, Dean shot several rounds at him, but the bastard somehow dodged. Chuck ran across the wide roof, dodging around the various metal units as Dean tried to shoot him from afar. “Like fucking Bugs Bunny, lucky prick.”
Cas rapidly went down the nearby stairs to the next level. “You’re on your own.”
Gabriel looked briefly confused. “Why are you telling me this now, Cas?”
The first two Belarusians crashed into the restaurant, with people screaming at their guns. A quick sweep and they knew Cas wasn’t there. They carried on into the back, tentatively pushing the kitchen door open.
“Define nice.”
When they came up for air, Cas quietly told him that no one had ever done anything that thoughtful and lovely for him. They kissed again before Cas whispered in his ear that he was Dean's present from Charlie as she had Dean for Secret Santa. Dean laughed as Cas told him how he had seen Dean several times when he started in the office, and while trying to not be creepy, but trying to constantly be around Dean in order to be noticed, he had failed. He eventually had to enlist Charlie to help.
“But one thing that his fucked up brain has figured out is that he loves you, wants to make everything up to you, cos he was being a big baby.”
Dean’s eyes widened as he belatedly tried to pull his gun out when Cas grabbed him tightly by the throat. Cas’ other hand grabbed Dean’s wrist, curling it away, hitting it off the door frame until Dean dropped the gun. Cas tried to take out his gun, but Dean grabbed it with both hands, wrenching it, and his throat, out of Cas’ hold. Dean grasped the gun tucked into his pants at the small of his back. He whipped his hand around, but Cas blocked it, kicking it out of his grasp. Cas got his second gun out, but Dean lunged at him, shoving him into the far wall of the hallway, kicking it from his hand. Dean pressed Cas against the wall with his hips. They had both pulled out more guns with their right hands, but managed to grab each other’s wrists with their left hands, resulting in a stalemate of outstretched arms.
“As in, why am I here alone?”
“These are the most highly trained officers in Europe, Mr. Winchester.” Gabriel snarked back.
“OK, OK, line up. You get in the middle Cas, Sam and Dean on either side. Perfect, Jess. Hold hands everyone!”
“Are you washing the car with old assholes? Or- what?”
The agent turned to a woman in a white suit in the corner of the room. She nodded. The agent turned back to Dean’s lawyer. “He will receive this letter recommending leniency.”
Alastair pulled out the nail and threw it at Cas. It fell short. Cas threw the nail gun back at him in response. “Why in the fuck did I do that???” He thought wildly to himself. Alastair shot a nail at him, which Cas didn’t dodge fast enough. It skimmed along his hairline leaving a deep gouge that bled profusely, getting into his eyes. “Fuck!” Cas went for his gun, but it was gone from his belt. Where in the shit did it go? His mind raced as he wiped at his blood-filled eyes furiously, trying to see if it was on the ground.
Gabriel pulled into the underground parking garage of the local Interpol office. The news played on the car radio.
Cas opened the book of his photographs, all high quality printed and beautifully bound into a fabulous hard backed book. He flicked some more and looked up at Dean with tears in his eyes. He looked so sad. Oh no! He had just ruined the guy's Christmas. Tears pricked at his own eyes too.
Cas moved to straddle Dean’s stomach instead, giving him easy access. Dean took his time, lubing up and pushing two fingers in alongside Cas’, curling them to search for his prostate, scissoring them to work Cas open on every plunge. Dean made sure to tease along Cas’ stretched rim with his thumb to make it extra good for him. Cas’ back arched with the full sensation of so many fingers. He reached down to pinch Dean’s nipples, rubbing along any bit of skin he could reach.
“Until I turn you in. I just need to find a different vehicle. Older model, no alarm, right here. Luckily, I came prepared.”
Cas completely ignored him. He was ready by the door, gun drawn. “I go through doors first. I check to see if it’s clear, then you follow.”
Cas cocked his head in confusion. “Again?”
Dean surprised the closest two soldiers, jabbing one in the throat, and savagely kicking the knee out from under the other. The throat jabbed victim wouldn’t let go of his gun, so Dean held and forced his hand to shoot his fellow soldier, before turning it back on him and shooting him too. Now armed, Dean’s head snapped up when a soldier called down from the next flight of stairs. Dean whipped around and shot him in the head. Another called from the lower flight of stairs. Dean jumped clean down the flight, shooting while flying through the air. He shot again as he landed and rolled. Another guy came running up the stairs, and Dean calmly shot him too. He stood, hopping, looking around to survey his handiwork.
Outside the courtroom, Zach was nearly out of the courthouse, but Gabriel caught up with him in a lonely hallway.
“Too bright.” The light immediately dimmed enough for Cas to groggily open his eyes. The first thing he saw was a smiling Dean, and he was almost surprised at the surge of instant relief he felt at the sight. Dean had come back for him. Dean had saved him, even after Cas had punched him in the face and told him they were done. No one had ever rescued him before. He’d never been important enough.
"Hi Dean! You have to participate in Secret Santa this year. Charlie and I have spent loads of time on it….." Garth began.
“No, you’re good. So that explains why we haven’t seen you. I’m doing Law, Jess is doing Medicine, and Charlie is Computer Science and Gaming. They don’t exactly cross over with your fields of expertise.”
“Well, I’d stay awake if you’d let me drive.”
Cas stared at the commander stoically, not caring how he must look. “I’ve got your witness, Dean Winchester.”
Dean propped Cas up desperately, working a hand under him to get a better hold. He cupped Cas’ cheek with his free hand, blinking away his tears so he could watch Cas’ eyes insistently, trying to bring him back by sheer force of will. He shook Cas’ body again. Nothing.
“I know what plethora means! It just doesn’t apply here. And not jumping off the top of a roof. That’s logical. Safe. Wearing a seat belt. Logical. Safe. Let me ask you something. How many times have you been shot?”
Cas manoeuvred down a narrow pedestrian side street, darting in and out of people as he threaded between them. Several prostitutes watched him pass with alarm through their red-lit windows.
Dean had managed to sing himself to sleep. He was slumped in his seat, head lolling around with every turn. Cas looked to him briefly with a small smile. He wasn’t so bad when he was quiet. While keeping a good eye on the road, Cas admired Dean’s symmetrical face, long lashes and full lips. It certainly didn’t help that the man was sex personified, and managed to push all of Cas’ buttons constantly. Sure, Cas had noticed him on some past jobs, how could he not? He was gorgeous, and Cas had eyes. But hell, Dean was annoying as fuck, and a bad guy. A killer, who had even tried to kill Cas multiple times. That couldn’t be overlooked. Yes, Cas was a killer too on occasion, but he protected people first and foremost. Because of this major difference, Cas shouldn’t have noticed him at all. But he had. Oh but he had, and his mind was torn.
"Two weeks Dean."
Dean swallowed, eyeing Cas up. “All right, all right.” Dean filled his spoon with pie and ice cream, holding it out to Cas.
The truck barrelled towards the front of the courthouse, no match for the concrete barriers lined out on the square in front. The cab crunched into the pavement while the long back flipped clean over it, exploding upside down on impact with the courthouse steps.
“This is as close as I’m gonna be to him for a very long time. And in case you’d forgotten, I’m the reason he’s even in there in the first place. It had to be special. I didn’t run off on you, I was just taking care of this errand, and I was going to come right back.”
Cas grinned wide, nodding too. Dean dove back in for more desperate sloppy kisses while Cas fumbled in the bedside locker.
“Oh? Hector Ramirez?”
"That's right! Shut that computer, it's Christmas time!" She removed his tie, replacing it with the loudest, most-garish Christmas one she had been able to find. It played music and had bells and everything. Dean didn't even try and protest. He needed his fingers. She then put his wrapped gift for Cas into his hands and proceeded to drag him out to the party by the tie, all dignity gone.
Cas bounced on the sidewalk in irritation, checking his watch again with a huff. He had hoped he wouldn’t be stood up again, and yet here he was, a half hour after their arranged meeting time, alone once more. Fucking Grindr. What type of person makes him dress up in a Halloween costume only to stand him up? And why had Cas gone full Bela Lugosi vampire with cape, high collar, face make-up and fake teeth? He looked like a douche. He felt like a douche. And now Balthazar wasn’t picking up, not answering texts, had even blocked him on all social media. That was clear enough.
"Can I see what it is?"
He shot a finger gun and a thumbs up at the store employee for a job well done. Cas wiped at the nail wound with his sleeve, dabbing at the blood. He saw the shovel had cut through his suit pants, gouging a crescent shape deep into his muscle. Prick. At least the wound didn’t appear to be bleeding much, he had that going for him. He tentatively felt along his back. Yup, definitely bruised, at the very least. “I’m getting too old for this fucking shit.”
Dean panted softly, bleeding freely from his wound. “No, nothing at all Sammy. I’m always good, you know that.”
She burst into his office adorned in a Rudolph costume, giving him another heart attack as he whacked his laptop shut. She did like to keep him on his toes. What startled Dean was that he had actually been looking at Cas' Facebook page and was afraid of being found out, but Charlie didn't need to know that.
“Lovely, thank you.” Cas pulled out a wad of cash.
Dean left go of Cas’ wrists, entwining the fingers of their hands on one side. Cas grabbed Dean’s ass with the other, pulling him down more forcefully. Dean cupped Cas’ face with the other, trying to speak between frantic kisses. “How—should we— can we— how do you—?”
“Oh is that so? Well, here’s the thing. I was a triple A rated executive protection agent-“ Cas began hot wiring the car.
Cas’ eyes narrowed. “How in the hell did you know I was ticklish?”
Glancing about to make doubly sure that the hot guy was gone, Cas stopped his awkward dancing. Alone on the dance floor, Cas began to get flustered until he realised that with nothing more keeping him here, this could be his best chance to escape.
“So how did ‘am’ become ‘was’?”
“That was a custom Rolls Royce,” he complained, “it was one of a kind!”
Dean pushed rubbish bags off of his head as he surfaced, laughing. He was just in time to see Cas expertly climbing down the scaffolding like a cat. Shit, the guy must have some core muscles. Cas hung from his arms suspended about 20 feet from the ground, swung himself and landed easily beside Dean as he tumbled out of the skip, righting himself at the last second. He hunched over and hopped in one place for a moment, Cas grabbed and held him around the waist to keep him upright. Dean looked up at him with a smile. “I made that jump on one leg.”
Dean ran as well as he could down a street towards an intersection, Alastair giving close chase in a car behind him. Alastair shoved a full magazine into his semi-automatic gun, looking up in time to see Dean just make it between two trams that crossed their path. Their car screeched to a halt. The trams passed quickly, but when they did, there was no sign of Dean on the other side.
“Nah, 250, easy.” Dean slapped Cas’ shoulder affectionately, stealing a soft glance at him.
“And he fucking ruins my life with one lucky shot through a window the size of a-“ He cupped and squeezed both hands in front of him. The vendor looked to his own chest before squinting at Cas in confusion.
Dean stared at him through the smashed window with his mouth hanging open. “You good? What happened to the seatbelt rule??”
Gabriel was being debriefed by Jody, Zach and an Interpol tech. “Facial recognition identifies this man as Castiel Novak, but then again, you already know that, don’t you, Agent Novak?”
“I don’t actually know. I mean, how does a so-called expert assassin get busted by
“You came back for me. Why? You were home free on that boat.”
Cas couldn’t give a crap, shook his hand and headed down the hall. He got to Room 18, unlocked it, and asked Dean to give him a second while he checked out the room. Dean rolled his eyes but agreed. Cas was back out in under a minute, taking the bag and heading inside. Dean followed, eyebrows raising at the sight of the one double bed, but he chose to not comment.
“Well, no. The safe house should be vacant. The access code was activated without identity or authorisation.”
Dean smiled helplessly, looking to Cas with hope-filled eyes. There, his heart was laid bare, but he could feel his walls already going up again as Cas sat in silence, slumped back in his seat, staring into the darkness.
Dean coughed as he righted himself. “So much for your intricately calculated travel plans. That’s why I was trying to bounce on your ass, you see, it’s safer for you if I’m on my own.”
“A witness.”
Cas stared at him with an incredulous look, then his face slipped back to stoic normal. “Honestly, I’d tell you if I knew. You have my word. Look at my right hand.”
Dean drove under some trees, not realising there would be a drop. The car fell a good ten feet, careening along loose gravel on touchdown. He was now in a storm drain canal. Thankfully, the water in the middle channel was low, leaving a wide embankment on each side, which could take three cars apiece. The car rocked horribly when it landed hard, jolting Dean. The back wheels lifted up briefly while the front license plate fluttered off. “Fuck!”
Cas’ jaw fell open. Dean stood back, reached over and closed Cas’ mouth with a grin. He took Cas’ hand again and guided him to the next room.
Chuck and his heavy made it to the roof. Chuck ran out, climbing the metal staircase to get to the higher part of the roof. They heard gunshots below. The guy in the police uniform nodded to Chuck, heading back to watch the door while Chuck carried on.
Cas surged forward, winding his arms around Dean’s neck, kissing him passionately as he waited for his body to adjust. Dean’s hands tightened and loosened on Cas’ hips as he tried not to move his own.
Dean pulled out onto the road with ease. “By the way, we’re going trick or treating tomorrow, Cas. And then back to ours for more hijinks, which will definitely last well into Sunday. And you are not to judge me on the amount of candy I will eat. You’re more than welcome to come. You know what, no. I bought you photo stuff. Now, you have to come. Please? Sam has Jess, Charlie has Ruby, Benny has Garth. I need you. Please? Sound good?”
“So you slipped Dean Winchester into our own safe house, then brought in this…”
The paramedics made to push Cas’ stretcher away until Dean interjected. “No, please, one second guys.” They nodded and moved away.
The picture of them in the clown room was priceless. Jess and Charlie were clung to each other in the background, mouths wide open. A clearly terrified Sam had just gotten into Dean’s arms. One of Dean’s legs was stretched out to the side in his effort to keep them upright, a very surprised look on his face. It caught the moment right before Cas had ducked behind Dean, cape billowing as he was recoiling in utter fright.
Dean stared at him incredulously, tears dripping from his eyes. He looked down to see a security guard pressing padded gauze firmly into Cas’ side.
“Takeshi Kurasawa. He was my client. Gabriel exposed him and he got killed.”
Dean leaned back, laughed, and regretfully let his face go. "Sure thing Cas".
Dean made it to another canal, jumped onto, and ran along the top of, a house boat. There was a speedboat on the other side that people were unloading for the houseboat. Dean hopped into the speedboat and started it up. A Dutch man was holding a box, standing at the back of the speedboat. He shouted at Dean, who couldn’t hear him as the speedboat roared to life. The man fell backwards into the canal as Dean jetted off.
After a time, Cas gave a little cough. Dean shook his head, cleared his throat, and was all business. "What can I do for you?"
“Get fucked.”
“And you killed him.”
“Around 11pm, Thursday evening. You’ve only been out a few hours. We’ll make it to court by 5pm tomorrow, don’t you worry. We’ll leave here early. I hate to push you, but I need my partner.”
His gaze went back to the guy. He was at the bar, placed his order and Charlie caught his eye when he turned around. He waved and indicated he would be right over, along with an angel-weeping smile. Oh god, that must be Castiel. How had he not noticed him at the office?? That man was sex on legs. How much had he drank? Would he be able to speak? How had Castiel gotten to the table so fast? Castiel's eyes up close, thank god he was on the inner seat with his coat kind of draped over his lap already. Castiel was smiling very widely in a grin that made the corners of his eyes crinkle. He must smile often. Why was everyone now looking at Dean?
She stopped speaking at the sound of a pen on paper. Dean was still staring at the Interpol agent as he signed the document. He slammed the pen down and shoved the paper toward the agent. His low voice carried a lot of weight in the quiet room. “Sam goes free.”
“Excuse you, you were holding me!”
“I’ll get it.”
Jody turned, “There must have been a leak.”
He was led to the corridor of holding cells. A lone police officer was at a cell door, trying to get it open. The UN peacekeepers spotted him, and gratefully headed his way, calling to him. “Officer, the building is in lockdown. Dukhovich does not leave his cell.”
Gabriel’s eyes were wide. “My God, are you okay?”
“Even a dumbass like you’s smart enough to keep one bullet…in the…pipe…oh shit…”
Cas watched her with raised eyebrows as she rose gracefully, taking the tray from Dean.
-that that situation statistically just won’t occur.”
“Okay, go.” Cas whipped around his side of the car, as Dean did the same on his. Cas fired several shots at them while Dean got a brief look before he was forced back behind the safety of the car. “Whoah! Shit!” He and Cas met back in the middle.
“Thank God I do!” The clerk shook his head, Cas tossed the air freshener over his shoulder.
The kitchen door opened again as Alastair stepped through. He immediately got the side edge of a large frying pan between the eyes. Alastair rubbed it in pain, glaring death at Cas. The first guy had just managed to step up from the grill again. Cas picked up a large metal tray. Alastair raised his gun and shot three times as Cas simultaneously held the tray up and pulled the first guy in front of him. Alastair managed to shoot his comrade through and through. The force threw Cas through the window, rolling backwards out onto the street.
“Um, anything to say, Cas? This a problem?”
Zach leaned in to whisper “Excuse me” to Jody before getting up and leaving the courtroom. Gabriel followed. Cas watched him go, but stayed where he was.
Dean’s heart swelled when he saw the messy dark head peeking up from under the blankets. Shit, he had it so bad.
He was cut off with a laugh.
“Oh, he’s got fears all right, just nothing that could be in a haunted house. So yeah, he’s pretty immune here. Should stick close to him if I were you.”
“Well, I better assume the position I suppose. See you all soon? We gotta get together soon, ya hear?”
He quietly made his way out and shut the door behind him. Dean spent several more minutes looking at the prints. Charlie had been right, Cas was incredibly talented.
“With just 15 minutes to go until the court’s deadline, the case against Chuck Dukhovich looks almost certainly doomed.”
“And what’s our motto?”
Once everyone had gathered safely on the landing above, there were two possible directions. Sam pointed one way, Dean pointed the other. A quick game of rock paper scissors had them following Sam’s lead into the next room. Apart from a creepy-ass Hannibal Lecter mannequin in a cage, nothing looked sinister. Sam moved further into the room, squealing as his movement caused the mannequin to come alive and move. Cas also got a shock and jumped back with a gasp, grasping Dean’s hand on instinct.
Cas watched her go with a bewildered expression. “She’s good people, Cas.”
Alastair’s goons were stuck in a high speed chase with some Interpol cars, trading shots back and forth. There were some car casualties on both sides.
Cas nodded stiffly, arms aching as he strained against Dean’s hold. Dean pressed a quick kiss to Cas’ lips, laughing as Cas chased him again, but this time actually pouting and glaring at Dean when he got out of reach. “Fuck! I’ve even missed that look too, Sunshine. But let’s see what this does.”
, you know what he’d say? He’d say he had it all figured out before I got there.”
“Is a Samoan built like a latrine who clocks in at seven foot one.”
Cas pocketed his phone. “Yes, fine, you’re right.” He stood with a heavy sigh.
Rasputin stared at him hungrily as he pulled on his own thick pair of rubber gloves. His gloved colleague was pulling a soaked towel from the bucket.
“Atta boy! Here we go.”
“Silver Ford, plate FJ56 MHV.”
Jody and Zach smacked the table in frustration. Jody barked at the two agents near her. “Coventry, every available agent, now!” She went back to the phone. “Come back to me with any updates.”
Just then, a bullet flew through the window, hitting Kurasawa right between the eyes. He dropped immediately. The two wives screamed. Cas instantly stood shock still, staring at the scene as his smile slowly fell to a pained expression. His ears began to ring.
No response.
“Whoah!” Cas pulled Dean around the front of their car, yanking him down with him in front of the bonnet. The shots kept on coming.
“Um….no….”
Dean grinned up at him. “Thank God you’re here. Wonder what I would have done without you.”
Cas stood for a moment, hanging up the phone while huffing out a big breath. He didn’t bat an eyelid as a flaming tyre sailed past him. He tiredly sat into his car. Crowley spun around to watch the carnage.
“Then why are you calling me?”
“Roger that. All channels moving to restricted air space.”
Cas left the bathroom, shrugging on his suit jacket. It was one of the finest suits he’d ever worn in his life. It was a slightly different shade to the light grey from yesterday, with a finer white shirt. On noticing this, Cas rubbed the sleeve with reverence, spotting the suit bag. “Holy fuck, is this Armani?”
Dean stared at her hard for a second before turning to Gabriel. “Ok, Inspector Clouseau, let’s see what these elite troops of yours can do. C’mon guys, let’s go.” The group of agents sprang into action, leading Dean into the armoured van, chaining him in, locking him securely into his own compartment complete with jail bars.
Chuck heaved himself up, managing to sit on the ledge with his back to the city.
Gabriel struggled to breathe as Zach’s grip tightened.
Cas smiled, eyes trailing over Dean’s features. Dean felt a little mischievous. “You seem to be watching me an awful lot, Cas. Like what you see or something?” Dean smirked.
Cas had to drop his head onto Dean’s shoulder as he fucked up into him. Shit, he was already so close. He was just about to tell Dean so, when Dean suddenly locked up, his fist pounding on the door as his inner walls spasmed deliciously around Cas’ dick, coming untouched against the bathroom door. Long ropes of come dripped down the fading paintwork. Dean’s head dropped and his shoulders slumped from the intensity. Cas clutched at Dean, arms wrapped around him tightly as he followed him, spilling into the condom deep within Dean moments later.
“We’re done.” Cas strode away.
Cas was so taken aback, he just handed his phone to Charlie who rang herself and handed it back.
The commander signalled to his team to run down the steps as a beat up car approached. “Stop that car!” His team lined up in front of the car, guns trained on the windshield. The car looked destroyed, a windscreen with a hole in the passenger side, missing bonnet, the rest of the body was crumpled badly, while the whole thing smoked ominously.
Dean pulled back, giving Cas a small watery smile with a slightly wobbly lip. “I missed you so fucking much, Cas. You truly don’t know.” He buried his face in Cas’ shoulder, hugging him close, needing a moment to gather himself. Cas held a shaking Dean for some time, his heart full. He could feel a growing wet patch on his shoulder as he rubbed through Dean’s trembling hair.
Dean laughed at the enthusiasm of his companions as they ran into the line for the haunted house. He casually joined them without breaking a sweat. The line wasn’t all that long as the tickets were time specific. They were lucky they had someone on the inside so that they could rock up whenever they pleased. Dean smiled at the family group that joined after them, admiring the costumes of the excited children.
“No no, it’s fine. Good luck.”
“Executive protection agent.” The tech helpfully supplied.
“Okayy….”
Gabriel set his jaw. “Official channels had been compromised. What did you expect me to do? Clearly, our office security has been breached.”
Cas was thankful Dean was distracted from his blush by Diane placing the hot apple pie right in front of him. It looked very inviting, a generous dollop of ice cream already melting next to it. She put two spoons on the table between them. She locked eyes with Dean, and winked before moving away.
In the courtroom, two guards were attempting to restrain Chuck who was still shouting.
"Has he been here long?"
It was so loud that Dean knew this wouldn't be special. He had to return to the silence of his office. He tapped Cas on the shoulder and signaled him to follow him. Cas nodded. Once in the office, Dean lost all his nerve. He turned to Cas, hoping to whoever was listening that Cas would like this and wouldn't think of it as some sort of invasion. Here goes nothing.
The more Cas pondered, the more he decided that out of everything he’d learned about Dean, nothing pointed to him being a heartless killer, despite his profession. And he had come back to save Cas when he didn’t have to. That was huge. Dean had looked after him well since then. He claimed to like Cas when he didn’t have to. He had been incredibly gentle with Castiel, always. As far as Cas could tell, Dean had never once lied to him, or been untruthful in any way. He didn’t mind holding him in his sleep. Cas felt safe around him. He trusted Dean. He believed him.
“And how exactly does one of the good guys get connected with a piece of shit like Dukhovich?”
Dean watched him fondly. “How come you shaved, Cas? That beard was beginning to look very very good on you.”
“Thank you.” Cas took his full cup gratefully, taking a deep drink, not giving one shit about the temperature. Dean launched into his plate with gusto, moaning on nearly every mouthful. He held up a piece of bacon to Cas, nodding approvingly. “You have to try this. Cas!”
“You do know he’s a murderer, right? You’re playing nurse to a murderer.”
“We will? I’m forgiven?”
Dean panted, leaning back against the low wall. “Beats whatever the hell’s gonna come through that door.”
"You did all this?" He questioned Sam as he descended the stairs with the bags.
“Good.” Cas nodded sarcastically. “You should take him to the Hague then.” He flicked another card at Dean.
“Oh, assassin
[[[[[his lips made their way along Dean’s cheek and nose to his mouth. He avoided it very obviously for a moment, drawing a small laugh from Dean, before he pressed their lips together tenderly.]]]]]]
Cas tried his absolute best to again not come then and there. He gently pressed the plug in and out of Dean’s tight hole, palming and squeezing Dean’s firm ass with his other hand. Cas dropped his face between Dean’s shoulder blades, biting on his bunched up t-shirt in want. Although he couldn’t hear him, he could see Dean’s palms on the door clench into fists, his hips thrusting into the air. Dean was so prepped that the plug slid in and out seamlessly. Cas quickly rolled on the condom and added a generous helping of lube, just to be safe. He crowded back up against Dean’s strong back, removing the plug fully this time, moving it to his pocket for now. He slid his lubed dick between Dean’s cheeks, slowly catching on his gaping hole, pushing in slightly. Dean’s back arched with ecstasy. Cas clenched Dean’s hips as he slowly slid in. Dean pressed back against him, impaling himself slowly on Cas’ dick. Fuck, it had been too long.
“And your boyfriend? Did he like everything?”
Gabriel nodded, “Mmm-hmm.”
Judge Singer eyed him with barely concealed disdain. “I believe we had a few more seconds on the clock.” He turned to the other two judges on either side of him, who nodded their agreement.
Dean nodded, and began drumming on his legs as he looked out the window.
Cas nodded, “I’ll be fine. I can run like a rabbit if the situation calls for it. I’m nigh uncatchable when I want to be.” His stomach grumbled loudly.
Cas moved like an animal and smashed into Dean with a bear hug that rivaled one of Sam's. Dean nearly landed on his ass, but managed to right himself at the last second, arms gripped around Cas, who clutched him like it was the last time they would ever see each other. It freaked Dean out a little bit, but it didn't stop him from enjoying it. Aside from the odd brotherly hug before, they have never touched like this, bodies flush against each other and lingering, Dean reveled in it. Cas pulled back and was almost in tears. Dean noticed and, without thinking, grabbed Cas' face in his hands and looked into his eyes closely. "Hey, hey, are you okay?"
“The canvas is clear?”
“I sure fucking hope so.” Cas’ growly tone almost made Dean shiver. A pissed Cas was hot as hell. Dean tried to keep his focus.
Knowing that he could never fully thank Dean or Cas for the love and care they have given him during the weeks of recuperation, he decided to throw them a Halloween costume party. A brief conversation with Cas led to the discovery that aside from costumes, he had no clue at all about a traditional Halloween, the games, the movies, the fun. This was all about to change. And if some matchmaking occurred as the evening progressed, who was Sam to get in its way? (He had his own TV in his room with a good store of food laid in to keep himself out of the picture for a little while) Sam giggled evilly to himself, oh this was gonna be good!
Cas’ mind was in overdrive, struggling to come up with a solution. “All right, while you’re trying to come up with a plan, Cas, they’re going to come down here and kill us. So here’s the plan.” Dean pulled out a large gun of his own. Cas’ eyes bugged out of his head. “What the fuck??”
Seconds later, Cas’ phone pinged again. He laughed at the startled look on his face in their selfie, eyes wide and blue. “Jeez, my make-ups mostly gone, eh?”
----------------------------------------
Cas stood, chest heaving with desire, trying to allow time for Dean to adjust. He rested his forehead on Dean’s back again, trying to catch his breath. Cas could feel Dean trembling beneath him, could feel his inner walls already clenching around his cock. Fuck, this was going to be so so good.
“I had to check you over for injuries, Cas. Nice ink by the way. Bit disappointed at the underwear though, I gotta say.”
"Yes of course, thank you Dean."
“Suck it!”
“This building has two stairwells, no fire escape and no-“
“—it’s practically impossible to get it without a three day adjustment period to figure this out—”
“Your Honour, may I present Dean Winchester.”
He sat on one of the three bar seats at the window, pointing to the vodka, putting a fifty Euro banknote on the counter. The vendor poured him a shot. Cas knocked it back without expression. “Do you have any idea how prepared I was?”
“Shit, shit, shit, fuck Cas! I wanna help you though. Want to feel you.”
“I must say, you’re really missing out, Cas, cos my driving is—“ Dean followed with a chefs kiss, grinning back at Cas. Nothing. Not even a blink. “Okay…….”
Dean cocked an eyebrow at Cas’ tools, looked at the car window, and punched clean through it quite easily. He recoiled back, shaking his hand to dislodge the pieces of glass. Cas pursed his lips at him. “Art is subjective, Cas.” Dean frowned at the little cuts peppering his hand.
Diane smiled widely and she tottered away with their plates.
Cas yanked Dean’s hand away from his head, but Dean kept a tight hold, intertwining their fingers, kissing Cas’ knuckles. “You’ll be all right, Cas.” Cas smiled softly, eyebrows up, matching Dean’s fond gaze.
“Yes ma’am.” Jody hung up.
“Yeah sure, I’ll just wait here then. Where in the fuck would I go anyway??” Cas pressed his suit jacket into his side. “Fuck!”
Without looking up.
Not trusting himself to speak, Cas nodded quickly. Dean took his hand, lacing their fingers together to rest in his lap.
Cas shook his head. “Nope. Never had to.”
“You know everything about every client you’ve ever had?”
“Ah. There it is. I feel better.” Cas nodded with a resigned face.
Cas pulled on his overcoat and sat on the table, closing his eyes. “Those are for me too, in case I have to change your pants again.”
“Oooh you’re in for a treat, you’re gonna meet my Baby!”
Gabriel caught his elbow in an iron grip, dragging him to the dance floor. Cas fought him but was inevitably dragged out against his will. Shit, Cas wasn’t nearly drunk enough for this. His face was a furious blush, he could even feel the tips of his ears glowing red. He looked up to a beautiful smirking face catching his eye on the other side of the dance floor.
"Dammit Sammy! Do I have to put a freaking bell on you or something?? Why are you up?"
“No.”
He landed unceremoniously in the waiting skip below.
“My first contract, I was, I don’t know, 15, 16. There was a guy that broke into a church late one stormy night, but the preacher was still there. So he told the guy look, you don’t have to steal anything, just take whatever you want. But the dude wasn’t there for the loot, he was there to hurt somebody. So he slaughters the preacher, displays his body on the altar for his congregation to see. The bible says to never take revenge. To leave it to the Lord. Well, I wasn’t prepared to wait that long. So I waited in his back seat. Pop. One to the head. So when your moral compass gets around to pointing at me, then yeah. You’ll be pointing at one of the good guys.”
"Thanks Cas. Can I have them for a week? I'm away on a business trip for most of next week, but I'll see you at the Christmas party, yes?"
“Upstairs.”
Dean’s chest swelled with emotion. “And you’re mine.”
Cas levelled him with a withering glare, turning to the store employee, cocking a thumb at Dean. “He’s fucking unkillable.”
“Shower, Cas. Now. Your suit’s hanging on the door.”
Jody continued. “You are going to be telling this story for years, Gabriel. From either inside a very large office, or a very small cell.”
Dean looked to Cas, wondering who’d pissed in his coffee. While maintaining eye contact, he reached silently for the radio. “No.”
“How about you take a minute to grab a good mental image of what that…”
“I haven’t done a lot of Amsterdam jobs lately. Just need to get my gear.” Cas took out his tool pouch from his inside pocket, rifling through it closely. “The problem is, all the windows are poly-carb. They have extra layers of laminate.” Cas took out a tool, zipped back up the pouch and put it back into his coat. “And obviously there’s a Heskar alarm system, which is the premier unit on the market. That’s got three fail safes. But…if I can just…” He started at the keypad with the tool when the front door opened unexpectedly. Cas dropped the tool, pulled out his gun to point it directly at Dean, who was grinning at him from the doorway, already drinking a beer. He nearly choked on it when he saw Cas’ face. Cas looked up and down the front of the building.
Dean looked up to his right arm which was cuffed to the bedpost. After an obligatory eye roll, Dean could see the evidence of just how tired Cas was, as the handcuff was not clasped around his wrist fully. It gave easily when he twisted the limb just right.
Dean’s eyes roved over Cas’ features, his nostrils flaring slightly with anger when he saw the prominent burn marks at each temple. “Time to go, Cas. I know a safe place where we can get you fixed right up.”
When in position, the staff member reminded them to smile. As they pushed off as one, they got sprinkled with water, causing shouts of surprise. They swiftly landed sideways in a giggling pile at the bottom, with no clue how the picture had turned out. Cas’ cape was wrapped around his face, Sam’s hat was somewhere, Toto had gone flying. Once they had sorted themselves out, they ran over to the photo booth.
“Cas….?”
Not thinking, Cas stepped quickly, so obviously the wood on the step broke through. Cas reacted on instinct, pulling his foot back with a snap, spinning, overbalancing himself, only to hurtle head first down the steps.
As Sam gingerly tip-toed up the stairs, taking two or three steps at a time, Dean leaned in to whisper to Cas. “Watch which steps he took, as I’m betting some of the others are loose.”
“Okay.”
Dean stood weakly, hobbling over to the door, squinting in confusion. Damn blood loss. But that voice, could it be?
At the end of the hallway, Crowley bounced off to the right, in the wrong direction.
The Belarusian in the police uniform, and Chuck, rushed upstairs making for the roof. The two soldiers stopped a floor below the roof to guard the stairs from any pursuit.
Dean looked back up when he didn’t answer, his stomach dropping when he saw the horrible stillness of Cas’ face.
Dean shook harder, openly crying, pressing his face close to Cas’, the open blue eyes unseeing. Dean pulled Cas to him in a hug, cradling him close as he rocked while sobbing. “Don’t go, Cas. Don’t. No no no no. Please come back to me.” He couldn’t still his shaking hands long enough to properly feel for a pulse.
Chuck nodded to someone in the upper gallery, who nodded back. Zach’s second phone buzzed in his pocket. He discreetly checked the message that read, “Your failure will prove painful.”
Dean continued with his task. “Should have told him what?”
The back door burst open with shouts, as Garth’s wife and son were dragged into the room. The two guards quickly grabbed Garth’s arms, holding him in place as he tried to spring up from the table.
“Are you surprised?”
He looked back up to Garth, suddenly changing the subject.
For a very long time.
“Fine! Fine. You get the feet, I’ll get the nostrils.”
“I recognise no authority that limits my power!”
“Um, he had to bounce.” Dean giggled at his little joke.
Thank the LORD that meeting was over. Dean hated those boring quarterly discussions. As a department head, it was compulsory for him to attend, but he sure as hell didn't have to like it. They ran a hugely successful travel magazine, his marketing team were doing a fantastic job, why was he required to come to all of these things to distract him from his own work.
“Perfect. Welcome to the Nerd Squad, homie.”
Dean grinned, delighting in the needy moan he pulled from Cas when he thrust against him. Dean took both of Cas’ wrists, pinning them above his head with one hand, pulling Cas’ shirt open with the other, buttons flying. Dean rutted against his Cas, licking down his neck and collar bone, smiling as Cas bucked, trying to free his hands to touch back. “Fuck! You are infuriating.”
Gabriel banged the door shut. This was such a bad idea. He unhooked the latch, opening the door wide, glaring at his baby brother. Cas stepped inside carefully, keeping his eyes on his big brother, dropping his cargo as Gabe closed and locked the door behind him.
Cas shoved him back into the opposite wall. They wrestled and managed to point both guns at Gabriel by accident. Gabe whipped out his gun with a shout, pointing right back at them. Startled, Cas manoeuvred their hands to the opposite side, away from Gabriel, but this allowed Dean the upper hand. One gun skittered to the other side of the room. Dean shoved a disarmed Cas away, pointing the last gun at him. Cas threw his hands up in defeat, showing him holding the magazine from Dean’s gun, popping the bullets out one by one with his thumb, scattering them across the floor. “Whoah whoa whoa, we can talk about this!”
With many noises of assent, Dean led the way into the next room. Sam and Charlie hung back at the door as they tried to fix a piece of Jess’ costume. Dean looked about the place, turning back to Cas when he didn’t see anything of danger. Then, out of the corner of his eye, he saw a figure creeping up, making to scare Cas from behind. Dean set his jaw, waited until the figure was in the right position, before yanking Cas out of the way and punching Cole square in the face with his free hand. Cas gasped once he realised what had happened.
“Awh, that’s so cute!” Dean moved to a nearby framed photo of a smiling Cas and Gabriel on a table. He picked it up. “I didn’t know your face did that. You look so happy here.”
“No, no, I’m good, thanks.”
“Then I again say you should seriously consider just going back to Amsterdam, that I’d help you get Sam out and you just take off into the sunset.” He looked back to the city.
“Cas! Where are you?”
"I'll just put all this crap away then. Really, I don't need any help. Thanks!"
Cas was bringing his latest client to the airport. They drove through quiet London streets, Mr Kurasawa in the back seat, nestled between his two wives. Two more cars joined them, one pulling in front of, and the other behind, Cas’ Jaguar. A helicopter circled overhead. Cas’ team made contact through his earpiece.
a Triple A x-rated dickhead’ or whatever.” Dean went around to the other side of the car.
Dean passed a man leaning against the last building before the grass. He began to follow Dean at a close distance, eyes laser focused on him. Dean carried on, oblivious, passing a tall hedge on his left. The man took out a large knife and was just about to make a grab for Dean when Cas stepped out of the hedge and yanked the would-be attacker back in with him.
Dean turned back to his plate with a shy smile, stealing glances at Cas whenever he could.
Cas whipped open the door and leapt from the bus as soon as it drew up to the footpath. There was a cheer from the nuns as Dean hopped out after him. He couldn’t resist putting his head back in to roar his goodbyes in perfect Italian. The nuns and driver all chorused, “Bye Dean!” as Dean closed the door. They drove off, honking.
Cas stared at him incredulously. “No. No. No, you’ve tried to kill me 28 times, the last time in Prague.”
“Do you know what happens when a Triple A rated executive protection agent loses a client? Triple A. I was up here.” Cas held out his hand at eye level. “Then I opened up to you. And why wouldn’t I? You’re my brother. My only family in the whole wide world. And I fucking told you his name. It was the first time in my entire career that I revealed a client’s name. I trusted you. And, bop bop bop bop…” He dropped his hand in increments to his knee level. “Now I’m down here. The dead guy’s up here.” He brought his other hand up to belly button level.
“Dean?” More silence.
“Just a couple of bumps, we’re on our way.” Cas was finishing dressing, kitted out in a new light grey suit with white shirt and thin black tie, having long given up on trying to tame his hair.
Dean lowered himself down onto his elbow so he could grab Cas’ hair, changing the angle slightly. Cas instantly yelled, keening as Dean hit his prostate head on with every thrust. Cas clutched at Dean desperately, teeth clenching together. Dean smiled to himself. “There it is. Come for me, Sunshine. Untouched. Show me how much you want me.”
“Oh, high value? Oh.” Cas began to have a look around the apartment. “I don’t really do high value anymore. These days I’m more in the mid-level, coked out attorney market. Why do you think that is?”
Gabriel eyed the clock in the courtroom nervously. There wasn’t much time left at all. He bit at a fingernail. Jody walked past him. “Time’s just about up, Novak.” Gabriel followed her with sad eyes. This was all his fault. What had happened to his baby brother?
“Nope. You see, Sammy isn’t quite a part of this life, so he needs that pardon to go back to his, and this is the quickest way. Although, we’ll see if he wants to be buried a whole lot deeper after all this. Or he might want to join it properly. Or I might change careers, seeing as how I haven’t taken any new contracts in months anyways…. Now, drink your tea, Cas.”
Cas went upstairs, taking three steps at a time, and knocked on the bathroom door. It gave easily under his knuckle, so Cas peeked his head in to see an empty running shower and an open window. “Fucker said he wouldn’t run!” Cas ran back down the stairs.
Metatron puffed up in an outrage. “The deadline has passed!”
Sam pressed carefully into the next room, eyes roving all about him. It was incredibly dark, and they couldn’t hear anything aside from the low gloomy music and wind noises that played throughout the house. Sam stepped into the centre of the room, everyone else close behind. He was trying to see where the next door was, when it happened...
Dean sighed, but did as he was told, posing menacingly with a magnificent Blue Steel. “Jacket off, Winchester. Let’s see the gun show.”
Jody pulled Gabriel to the side slightly. “You were right to trust your instincts. And your brother. Well done.”
For starters, he made a list of all the classic games he had played at Halloween as a kid. Dean had always done his best to make sure they had fun, played games and went trick-or-treating at Halloween, no matter what hell riddled motel they happened to be holed up in. He suspected they were also happy times for Dean, seeing the joy he had brought to Sam. Smiling at the memories, Sam mentally moved on to costumes. Dean hadn't been able to get very far with Cas' pop culture education of classic movies. There wasn't much he had seen and besides that, he wasn't quite sure what floated Cas' boat, aside from Dean obviously. Then Sam remembered that Cas had been quite fond of the Indiana Jones movies. A thought stirred of whips and sex play (and hadn't Cas tried to hide a boner once while watching…?) before he quickly smothered it. He did not need to think about the aftermath, those boys could get there on their own, thank you very much. He wasn't even sure how much Cas knew about sex, but that part was also not his problem. Ok, Dean in an Indiana Jones costume it was. He would be going as James Bond himself out of pure laziness. He still had a tux and didn't see the need to splash out on anything new. Especially as it was just going to be the three of them and he was going to be ignored anyway with any luck.
Dean laughed over at Chuck, who grew redder. “No.”
“Lights.”
“How charming.” Cas deadpanned.
Cas piped up in a tired sounding voice, “A loose helmet is like wearing no helmet at all.” The goons stared at him, then at each other. “It’s not a button strap, it’s a D-ring. Just unthread it through the thing, it’s very simple.”
In response, Cas instantly grabbed his face, pulling Dean down for their first kiss. Dean gave a startled sound, so caught off guard that he almost fell over. But he quickly got with the program, wrapping his arms around Cas, pressing him firmly into the wall. They explored each other thoroughly, both groaning when Dean’s probing tongue licked into Cas’ mouth. Eventually, they pulled back slightly, gazing at each other breathlessly. “Fuck, Cas, that was worth the wait.”
The lawyer wasn’t finished.
The awful feeling of free fall was gone abruptly, as Dean caught him soundly in his arms with a huff. Cas had face smashed into Dean’s chest, and what a chest it was. Along with those biceps of steel, he wasn’t falling anywhere. He felt firm and secure. He steadied his breathing, as Dean relaxed his arms gently, allowing Cas to pull back and look at him. Those stunning green eyes up close would be the death of him. Fuck, Dean smelled good.
Mick nodded to Cas and the others as they joined. “Nothing much. Working away until Ketch finishes his studies, then we’ll go travelling.”
Cas looked at her sharply. “My— what?”
“We’re all set, Director Mills.” The woman in white sized up Dean. “Let’s get this gentleman to the Hague.”
“We need a clean up team in here. Now!”
Cas’ hair was stuck up at all angles as he looked around at this improvised prison. He couldn’t make out the actual size of the room, as all visible sides were covered in a wall of thick but loose hanging plastic sheeting, with more space beyond. There was one entryway gap in the plastic right across from Cas’ seat. Long red lights stood around at intervals, some within the space, some lighting up the plastic from behind. A handful of the lights were blue. Then there was the large dentist light that stood over Cas’ right shoulder, almost blinding him when he turned to it. He opened his hands along his knees as he saw the two guys pull back the plastic and move outside.
Agent Cole Trenton stepped forward. “Well, I can assure you, even if there was an attempt, we’re more than prepared for any assault.”
Outside, the attackers had mostly won, and attached a length of chain to the back van door. They started up a heavy duty laser cutting machine that began to rapidly cut through the armoured door. Within the van, behind Dean, they could see the flames from inside as it cut through. Gabriel stared at it with fear, his shaking gun lowering slightly.
“There’s an art to low impact, high efficiency breaking and entering.” Cas selected the tools he’d need. “But-“
Dean whispered against Cas’ skin. “I could just stay like this forever.”
. As in, I used to be a triple X dickhead driving a Jag but now I’m rolling around in this shit wagon.”
Garth shook himself out of his memories, wiping his eyes. He looked up to the judges of the International Criminal Court in the Hague.
“Hell yes we will. All right, all in. Cas is riding shotgun guys, get your asses in the back. Go on, get.”
The chasing cars saw this and pursued Dean along both sides of the canal. Alastair’s soldiers shot at him constantly.
“Family, baby. Good old familial bonds. See, I’m doing this job in Geneva, right? Some dude washed the wrong dude’s money, I get the job. So, I’m there, drowning this guy in a bathtub and I get a call. Brother’s been in a car accident, a bad one. So, Geneva dude gets a pass, I jet to Mexico City where Sammy was on a business trip. I go straight to the hospital, and up in Sammy’s supposed room, two dozen agents waiting for me.”
Cas came eye-to-eye with his brother with a dangerous voice.
“Can’t this wait?”
Dean was in a light mood, one of the best moods he had been in in quite a while. And why the hell not? Today had been a good day spent with his best friend, Sam was on the mend, the angels were behaving themselves and best of all, he could simply enjoy his time with Cas, alone together. He had earned a little break.
Dean swallowed hard, hoping this didn’t fuck everything up. Cas stopped at a stop sign, turning to Dean while the road was clear. “Well?” He flicked on the interior light.
Cas then felt a twinge in his calf, his old injury from the shovel making its displeasure known. Cas stopped with a grimace of pain, rubbing the offending muscle harshly. “Prick.”
At the Hague, Chuck was told about Dean’s escape and was completely unfazed. “We move to Plan B.”
“Well, I guess Gabriel’s just not as special as Sam then. He sounds great.”
“Yeah, I know. I trained him.”
“You never even took one for a client?”
“Then let’s fix that. This oversized moose is my brother Sam.” Sam nodded his head. ”This lovely lady is his girlfriend Jess.” Jess offered a little wave. “And this badass is my GBF Charlie.” Charlie threw him a 'live long and prosper' sign. “What’s your name?”
“I told you I like you, Cas. A lot. Had to make sure you were safe. And all the looking out for you before on jobs, I wasn’t lying. I rarely do, actually. You didn’t believe me about all of that?”
About ten minutes later, Cas pulled into the garage of a secluded B&B. Dean noticed it was quite an old building, with no cameras or apparent security system that he could see. And they’d used back roads to get here, with their car now out of sight. Cas was very smart.
"Can't help you anyway pal, don't even know what you could get her." Dean smiled. "Who do you have Charlie." The elevator dinged.
"This is a Halloween party. Costumes are mandatory. Yours are laid out on your beds. You will both like each others, I promise. Go on, go change, we meet in the library in 10."
“Yeah yeah yeah. You’re about as useful as a condom in a convent.”
“I think Hector might have a different perspective on that.”
“Still a bright ray of sunshine I see. Ok, pumpkin. Hurry back.” Dean couldn’t help himself. The bathroom door closed without comment.
“Get in the fucking car!”
“You’ll find two more in the south stairwell.” Cas had beaten them senseless and tied them together to the stairwell bannister.
Cas smiled at Dean, liking his enthusiasm. Dean smiled right back. They stared at each other for several seconds, smiles growing, until Cas’ food slid off his fork, breaking the moment when Cas jumped. He turned back to his meal, hoping the blush stayed off his face.
He set his jaw while going under a highway, minding the stone columns. Workmen scattered when they emerged on the other side, soldiers eagerly shooting at Dean again. The car tipped Dean’s just right, causing him to spin around, his boot popping open. Dean ended up face to face with the vehicle, but Dean was going backwards. Dean hit reverse to increase his speed. He aimed through the large windshield hole, deliberately taking out all the soldiers but the driver.
“Sounds kinky.” Dean blew him a kiss.
“Well, under the circumstances, given what’s at stake, it seemed like a good time.”
“Breaking news from the Hague suggests that if a credible witness cannot be produced within the next few hours, then the former President of Belarus, Chuck Dukhovich, will walk free and resume power. This would be a spectacular embarrassment for the international community and a crushing blow for the many relatives who allege that—“ Cas flicked it off again, pointing. “Is that the car park?”
Before he finished his sentence, Cas was halfway down the hall. He’d already had enough of Crowley’s shit, impatiently waving at him to follow. “Come on. Let’s go, let’s go, double time.”
“Yes he did. He wanted me to take out a political rival exiled in the UK. I refused.”
An unknown amount of time had passed when Dean was jolted awake by the noise of people passing in the hallway. He fought the gradual rise to consciousness as he was so warm and content, but his brain had other ideas. Dean’s right arm was outstretched and wouldn’t move when he called upon it. He could feel a rhythmic warm breeze along his chest. That surely wasn’t right? Dean frowned slightly in confusion as his senses came back online one by one.
Cas took the bag reverently and peeped inside. When his face lit up as he gave a delighted "Awh!", Dean knew he had done good. Cas drew out a pair of fine leather gloves and a warm blue scarf, and just stared at them.
A delighted Kurasawa returned the gesture, heading up the steps of the plane and out of sight. Cas couldn’t help the smug smile that crossed his face. The helicopter pilot sounded in his ear. “Another Triple A delivery, sir.”
Dean had already obediently put on his seat belt, and he was ready to talk.
Cas growled in a low angry voice. “Put your seatbelt on.”
Charlie’s hand slipped into Cas’, startling him momentarily. “Yikes, you’re very wound up Cas. But time to move on now.” They all carried on after Dean, waving at Pamela as she got back into position.
Dean leaned in close, pleading, looking between Cas’ eyes with tears in his own. “You’ll be all right, Cas. You hear me? You have to be. Okay? Stay with me!” Cas nodded.
“I’ve got connections. You want back in the big game? I can put you there.” Gabriel headed for the door.
“Son of a bitch.” Cas muttered to himself. He turned off the junction, continuing on their journey, flicking off the interior light.
Cas nodded in understanding. “We’re nearly there, Cas. And after a drink, you’ll be free of us. If you want.”
“Well, prepare for a test and there are no surprises.”
Cas’ hips pushed forward, as Dean gave a particularly satisfying twist of the wrist along his length. Cas keened, groaning wildly. “I’m ready, Dean. Get in me now.”
“Then, I was taken to one of Dukhovich’s internment camps. I was there for three years. Until he was finally overthrown. Arrested like the monster he is.” Garth glared over at Chuck, who calmly watched with a faint smile on his face.
“I don’t give a fuck about all of that!” Dean’s face dropped into an angry expression again. “You fucked up when you first killed Benny, and then shot my Cas.”
He got a thought in his head and went off to find Charlie. He located her in her office. He barged in, sat down and looked her dead in the face. "What should I get Cas for Secret Santa? I want it to be perfect."
“The hand off was clean. Keep with us right up to the exit point.”
Dean clapped him on the shoulder. “All right, let’s go, Hot Stuff.” Dean walked into the diner while Cas fought to hide his blush. Dean noticed and smiled to himself. Cas hadn’t even remembered to go through the door first.
Dean passed more benches, where yet another man got up and followed him. He pulled a gun out of his pocket as Cas came up behind him and punched him hard into the back of his neck, right at the base of his skull. Cas helped the now slumped form onto the bench, pulled his cap over his face, took his gun, removed the magazine and tossed them both into the hedge before following Dean.
A thick wave of grief surged up in Dean as his heart split open. He buried his face beside Cas’, fresh sobs wrecking through him as he clutched at Cas’ shirt. He cursed all the years he had wasted when he should have just told Cas how he felt, instead of giving in to his own stupid fears. And now, it was too late.
“The blood stains are still there, they look fun. Alright, come on lovebirds.”
Dean lowered his gun, stepping right into Chuck’s space, glaring down at him, furious stoic anger on his face.
“Before we go, I just wanted to thank you all. For being so nice to me. For including me. For saving my night.”
While wonderful, this wasn’t quite what Cas had in mind. He sat up fully, which allowed him the freedom to move his hips more and to grind harder down onto Dean, getting him in as deep as possible. Dean bucked, both hands back on Cas’ hips. “Yes! Ride that dick, sweetheart!”
“Well, you’re uninsurable, trust me.” The car roared into life.
“Oh, oh, oh, parking garage, under the Rolls Royce in space 5, there’s a pound of plastic explosives so you may want to call the bomb squad.”
Dean scrubbed his hands through his hair and face. “I’m here. I’m awake. What?“
“Just get Winchester here, now! Stupid mother-“ Gabriel pressed the hang up button hard, wishing he had a flip phone that he could slam shut.
“So what’s ahead of us?”
Once he was ready, Cas lifted up, snapping back down onto Dean’s hard erection. They both broke off with kissing at that point, lost to other sensations. Cas buried his face in Dean’s neck as he rolled his hips sinfully, causing Dean’s eyes to roll back into his head. Dean pressed his feet into the mattress, using the leverage to fuck up into Cas steadily. Dean cupped a handful of Cas’ ass, pulling him down onto Dean more insistently, threading his other hand through Cas’ hair.
He turned to see shoes standing near him. He timidly crawled out from under the table, on the opposite side, his eyes barely coming up over the glass top. These eyes met Cas standing there calmly, appraising him.
Cas crossed his arms, still watching the retreating bus. “Yeah, but they love you. Me? They want to perform an exorcism on me.”
“So?”
Another vehicle came up behind Dean, soldiers leaning and shooting out of three windows. The car next to Dean trapped him up against the sloped embankment wall, trying to flip him over.
Cas watched with a dead panned expression. Of course Dean did that. Of fucking course he did. When he heard the horrible crunch of the final landing, he was honestly uncertain if Dean had impaled himself, cracked his skull open or survived. The sound of the SWAT team got closer behind him. “Holy fucking shit.”
“Yeah I can get you there. Jump in!” He waved towards the back.
Cas was still staring down, calculating, sizing up their options. “I’ve just gotta, just gotta find a more intelligent way….” He hadn’t finished speaking before Dean was leaping from the roof, landing badly against the scaffolding. He failed to cling on, and went tumbling down again. “Ow! Motherfucker!”
“Is he seriously not afraid?” Cas asked no one in particular, but Charlie replied.
“See that? That’s a boy scout salute. We’re sworn to never lie. I’ve taken an oath. So you can trust me.”
Cas’ eyes followed his finger, and he just nodded. He went to the door, but it opened up before he could touch the handle. Dean was mid-sentence, “Is that blood dude-“ He came face to face with Cas. Dean gasped loudly.
Cas and Dean moaned and groaned as they rolled over, standing gradually, looking at their ruined vehicle.
Cas stared at the closed door for a moment, his new situation catching up to him. “Well shit.” He whipped off his jacket and got to work.
“FUCK!” Cas grunted with pleasure, one free hand dropping to tangle Dean’s hair, the other gripping at the wall. His whole body shook as he curled around Dean, unable to move any further. Dean pulled back slightly, curling his tongue around Cas’ sensitive head before swallowing him down again.
Dean was now driving through a little forest, the path fenced in on both sides. A car smashed through the fence, tipping off Dean, following closely behind. The other cars followed, more soldiers leaning out to shoot at Dean. He carried on, oblivious.
“Ramsey!” Cas took the bag, showering the dog’s head with kisses.
Dean snapped back to it as Cas sat back, nodding and swallowing. “That’s very nice pie, Dean. Enjoy it. Who knows when you’ll manage to have some again. No guarantees for those on the run.”
“I need to change my bandage and take a shower. The hot water still work in this place?” Dean took another look around, marvelling at the ammo stash, impressed at the array of guns.
“High speed chase?? I’m more worried about the wheels coming off this bitch when you reach the speed limit, ha!” But Dean still buckled up as instructed. “You know, back in the day, we wouldn’t even have stolen this piece of shit. And we stole everything. I remember one-”
“What the fuck, Cas?” Dean was aghast.
“That’s an easy excuse.”
Cas indicated his head toward the gun. “If you wouldn’t mind.” He was still panting hard, trying to catch his breath from the winding.
Cas froze when he heard a low chuckle. “Lose your edge much, Sunshine? You’ve cut your hair.” Cas breathed out with tentative hope. “D-Dean?”
“Cas, I just want to apologise for laughing about popping Kurasawa. I know now that that whole shit cost you your brother, your business, your whole life… I didn’t even see you there that day, you must have been hired late. I never ever wanted to hurt you. I didn’t know that it was specifically the killing of Kurasawa that did all that to you. I never put two and two together. Just thought you’d had some bad luck.” He went to move away, but Cas grabbed his hand, holding it to his cheek. Dean gasped.
Shrugging, he stepped through, not even looking back, knowing his companions would follow him. Dean trotted down the hall, not caring how much noise he was making. The others keeping a safe distance behind. He turned into the darkened room at the bottom, laughing as he heard Garth leap out at the other three. Garth knew Dean didn’t scare easy, which was probably why he’d left him pass.
Dean leaned in to Cas’ disgusted face, ignoring their shaking straining arms. “Do you know how long I’ve been waiting for this?” Cas looked down, assuming a sudden ‘What The Fuck?’ expression. Dean smiled. “Oh no no, I’ve got a brother too, I know this game. I’m not gonna look.” Cas instead smiled evilly, meeting his eye. He then kicked Dean solidly in the bullet wound instead. “AH! Mother fucker!”
Cas scowled over the menu at Dean. How was he so god damn chirpy too?
Zach placed another call with a different mobile phone, fussing with his bandaged hand.
He was stopped mid-climb and mid-sentence by the collective loud gasp of the bus full of nuns. Everyone had heard him. Most already had their hands to their mouths in shock, just staring at Cas, who had turned bright red. Several blessed themselves.
Despite feeling that he was under too much stress in his job, after his at-his-desk-lunch, he was swamped in his office for the rest of the day. Due to there being a December 23rd deadline, everything needed his sign off and approval. A lot of things had tweaks that meant things were sent back to him creating even more work. He had a late finish that night.
Well fuck, Cas thought to himself. There goes that.
Zach crossed his arms with a frown. “I told you, there are too many agencies involved.”
Dean laughed as he took a swig from a hip flask. “Played by the big brother heartstrings. Happens to the best of us, man. Sort of like how Agent Novak took you from here, to here, to here.” Dean mimicked Cas’ hand movements from earlier.
eavesdropper. You’re a real double threat.”
Spending the majority of the weekend in Dean’s company. Hell yes indeed.
A black van pulled into a sleepy Coventry street. Alastair and his goons leapt out.
After a few more kisses, they sat together. Dean was very excited and wanted to show Cas everything in his new book, and explain to him that he could change it as he liked. He put a proud arm around Cas as Cas flipped through the book, loving the delight that kept jumping to his face. He could spend hours just watching Cas like this. Charlie came in a little while later smiling broadly at the sight.
Chuck glanced up at him, giving a little laugh. “The look on your face. You’re so proud. Dean Winchester. About to be a hero. Save the day! None of that matters. There is no redemption, no atonement for a man like you. Your whole life has been but a trail of corpses, and I will just be another dead body on the pile. Go ahead, finish me. But don’t think for a moment that it will change what you are.” Chuck sneered up at Dean.
"Only the best for you Cas." Dean smiled as he picked up the bags. Cas all but skipped back to the Impala, much to Dean's amusement.
Sam laughed, patting Dean on the shoulder. “Last room ladies, you want to go first?”
Cas gave a little chuckle, nodding. “Of course I’ll wait, Dean. You’re more than worth it. If these last few days have taught me anything, it’s that you’re a good man.” Cas cupped Dean’s face and shook softly to emphasise his point. “Infuriating as fuck sometimes, but essentially good. Deep, deep down.” Dean sniggered, closing his eyes as he snuggled into Cas’ hand.
She clasped Dean’s shoulder warmly, sending a cheeky wave at Cas before sweeping out of the room.
“Yeah, I’ll bet. Me? Zero.”
"Hello? You ok there Boss?"
Chuck continued calmly, as he stood. “I could have you executed for treason, but another would simply stand a little bit higher on your corpse.” Garth’s wife sobbed as she clutched her boy to her. He looked eight, at the very most.
"Look at me Cas. You're new to this human thing. You never had to think about temperature changes before. Don't worry about it. I just thought you could use these is all." He looked from eye to eye to make sure his Angel was all right.
“Here you go, my lovelies. Grub up. And the coffee. I’ll leave the pot there for you. There’s plenty more where that came from.” She poured out two cups for them with a smile before withdrawing.
Gabriel nodded, tears in his eyes. He turned and left.
“The testimony will be allowed. Assuming you produce your witness by 5pm tomorrow.”
Dean got up and engulfed her in a bear hug. "Best. Present. Ever. Charlie. You've really outdone yourself."
“I’ll try.”
The commander sized them both up, finally making an impressed face. He indicated his head, “Follow me.” He waved to his team to lower their weapons.
“Elevator?”
Dean sat in his usual inside perch, facing the door. He liked to people watch, and yet he could still be a bit hidden. Someone who came in wouldn't necessarily see him easily, so he had time to turn away if needed. Some exes came in here too, it was nice to have the hiding option for the crazies. Garth sat across from him. Charlie arrived not long after with Ellen herself. Warm hugs and hellos were exchanged as the latest news was imparted. Charlie sat next to Dean.
“Time to get up, Cas.”
Sam, Jess and Charlie chorused out their thanks to Dean as they headed around the house towards the car. Cas hadn’t stopped looking at Dean, who was beginning to shift a bit under the scrutiny. “Thank you Dean. So much. I can pay-” Cas said in a soft voice, beginning to tremble again.
Jody appeared at Gabriel’s side. “Director Mills! Our deal still good?” Dean eyed her warily.
Chuck’s guys discovered the abandoned car in the car park. They entered the B&B. Gavin looked up at them from behind the desk.
—————————————————
He repocketed the phone, noticeably paler. Gabriel set his jaw.
Dean looked back to his companions, currently scolding Garth who had removed his mask to laugh at them. Dean looked about the room, which was decorated like a mausoleum. There were open stone coffins, blood spatters, body parts strewn about, and it was gloomy as hell. Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted a trembling mass slumped in the corner. He had thought it was some kind of animatronic toy until he drew closer and saw a messy head of hair, and could hear heaving breaths. It was the lonely-looking guy from earlier, sitting in a half sitting position, head between his legs. Dean quickly knelt down in front of him.
“Yes.”
Dean laughed to himself, turning in his chair to see Cas. He nodded his head towards Chuck in a “get a load of this guy” manner. But Cas didn’t see, as he was laser focused on Chuck. The noises of protest grew.
“And you, honey?”
Another guy appeared around the corner in front of them, pointing his gun. Dean shot him easily. He opened the door of a waiting running car and gently laid Cas carefully along the back seat.
“Oh ho ho, you must give me your designers number.”
Thank you so very much for sticking with me throughout this journey! Skippable smut in the epilogue, and there is a beautiful image from the crazy talented SirCatherine in this chapter. It's FABULOUS, enjoy!
Dean could already feel his face turning red, but then he looked down at himself, glad of the distraction.
“No, it’s on a revolving encryption.”
“Ok. Well, that clown prick is gone now. And that’ll make one hell of a picture to blackmail Sam with.”
Unhearing, Gabriel wiggled his eyebrows as he drained the last of his fruity concoction. “Right, I’m off to get another cocktail. Or five. When I come back, we’ll see about getting you laid, baby bro!” He was gone in a flash.
Cas reached the other bank, turning to follow along behind Dean. Alastair ordered his driver, and they took off alongside the canal again. The Interpol agents stepped out of their cars too late, and shot after them to no avail. The last vehicle in the convoy was also one of Alastair’s. The local cops in front of them got out and aimed at them. The Belarusians quickly reversed, dodging the hail of bullets.
“For something like this? Yes!”
Dean looked at him, unimpressed. “You know, if you’re going to be a while, I can just go in there and get a room.”
Cas busied himself with preparing a small gun, tucking it into his pants at the small of his back. When finished, he leaned back, arm along the open window, content to watch the scenery fly by. He scrubbed his hand through his hair a few times in the breeze, which had Dean aching to mess it up even more.
“Ah, I see, sorry. Well, I’m a part-time lecturer and full-time researcher at the university. Symbology and Mythology mainly. It’s very interesting. I stayed here when I finished my doctorate. All the rest of my family is back east. My past classmates have all moved away. I don’t really have any friends. So it’s just me. And I got stood up tonight. Again. I should just take the hint at this point.” Cas paused, eyes wide. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to unload so much. But then, I don’t have anyone else to talk to really.”
“Castiel….um, Cas is better.”
The crowd watched the grim proceedings with stony faces.
Cas and Garth saw them coming and did little to stifle their laughter. Dean grinned sheepishly, not really knowing what to do. Charlie saved him by cutting the music and announcing that it was gift giving time, that everyone had better be ready because never mind Santa, she would know and there would be consequences. Nervous laughter followed the initial silence at the end of the announcement before the very loud voice of George Michael signaled the start of 'Last Christmas'.
The UN peacekeepers saw it coming, and tried to clear people out of its path, shouting madly at the crowd to run. The truck smashed through two police jeeps with ease. The demonstrators screamed and ran.
Dean looked his brother up and down. “Nah uh.” He grabbed Cas, pulling him into position. Sam took Charlie’s phone, sniggering.
Cas leaned on his too. “I have a pen knife, Dean. I had it. It’s just the gear shifts on the right hand side here and I’m not used to it from driving in England all these years and—“
“That was wonderful, and yes please. Thank you!”
“Yeah, and I guarantee you that if that smells like ass, it’s supermodel ass.”
Cas ran this way and that, trying to keep him at bay. He had a feeling this guy wanted to get in real close, and he wasn’t going to give him the chance. Alastair went around a pillar, peering at Cas through the shelving. Cas picked up the loaded nail gun and shot at Alastair’s face. He immediately crouched in pain, standing to reveal a large nail sticking out of his forehead. Cas bit back his laughter as he glanced around for more effective weaponry.
Cas looked back to the road, touching his earpiece.
“Let me break it down—“ Cas was cut off by the explosion of their vehicle. He and Dean were thrown a good distance back along the road with the force.
Why had he said that?? Cas hasn't said anything, why hasn't he said anything. He hates them, doesn't he? Maybe he hasn't done good after all.
Cas rolled his eyes with a laugh, getting up and heading for the bathroom, patting Dean on the cheek as he passed, leaning into his ear to whisper, “Oh Dean, you couldn’t handle all this.” He pulled off his t-shirt, and simply stood for a moment, holding Dean’s gaze. Dean swallowed hard but couldn’t help himself. His eyes hungrily roved unhurriedly along Cas’ torso, lingering on his six-pack. Cas shook his head and disappeared behind the door.
“Jesus fuck, Dean! Your mouth! Shit, I’m not going to last.” Cas’ toes curled when Dean moaned and made swallowing motions, the vibrations doing all sorts of things to Cas’ cock. Dean grabbed Cas’ ass cheeks in an ironclad grip, moving Cas’ hips to thrust into his mouth. Cas got the message, gripping Dean’s hair tighter, fucking into Dean’s mouth deeper, throwing his head back in ecstasy at the white hot heat of Dean’s throat. Cas would have been embarrassed that his thrusts had already become stuttering, but he couldn’t give one flying fuck by then. “Shit, Dean, I’m—“
A look of disgust passed across Cas’ face. He did not turn around. “Let’s just focus on you dying of natural causes, shall we?”
Cas turned and opened the weapons display sitting behind the framed picture on the wall nearby. Cas selected and holstered his favourite guns (leaving the throwing stars for another day), then finished up his coffee. He pulled on his suit jacket, collected his phone and keys. He ruffed Gabe’s hair fondly as he passed, although the smaller man was still dead to the world. Cas slipped into his Jaguar, buckled up, and sighed happily. He smiled to himself in the mirror, putting on his sunglasses and his earpiece. Life was good.
Fuck, today was gonna suck no matter what way he sliced it. Trying to push his swirling emotions aside, Cas stood, nodding at himself in the mirror, mind made up. Dean was no heartless killer, and Cas liked him back. Very much. But they had to get through this day first.
“The car’s ready for you, everything in the boot as requested. Just leave it at that car park we talked about, someone will look after it from there.”
Sam went to the bottom of the stairs without fear. Dean grinned at him. “Really, Sammy?”
Cas sat at the table. Why was Cas so nervous? This dragging out was killing Dean. Yes Cas, just open the damn thing already.
“Um, I’ll go get you some help. Wait there!”
As they pulled out onto the street, Gabriel listened intently to the radio communication between vehicles. His face remained stoic, but he rubbed his sweaty palms down his lap, adjusting his bullet proof vest. Dean eyed every agent in turn.
Dean flushed guiltily as he deposited almost a dozen guns and knives into the waiting tray. Cas bounced on the spot, checking his watch. “You didn’t use any? Or dump them before we got here? Or leave them in the car? Are you kidding me, Dean? Come on!”
Gabriel ran to Dean’s side, barking several orders at Cas.
“I’m talking about your brother plan. That’s why you’re doing this, right? To get your brother back. You think being a triple A card carrying dickhead is going to magically fix everything that’s gone wrong in your life?”
“You were whining like a bitch so loud, I heard you through the goddamn wall.”
“It appears you’re wrong about your brother.” He clasped Gabriel on the shoulder before he headed back for his seat. His bandaged hand trailed over the edges of the seats, Gabriel watched it thoughtfully. He startled when his phone rang in his hands.
Meg cocked an eyebrow. “Winchester has no sweetheart deal. His brother will go free. Not him.”
“AH! Prick! Can’t we taser you or something?”
Diane hummed happily to herself, taking the menus and pottering off.
“Cas wouldn’t ever let that happen.” Gabriel shook his head firmly.
Dean left his eyes adjust to the gloom for a moment before remembering to remove his sunglasses. Charlie and Jess were already giggling nervously. Even Sam was hanging back a bit, eyeing up the dark passage in front of them. Dean rolled his eyes as he made his way over. Bunch of babies is what they were. When he got to the doorway, he stopped in surprise at the sound of a blood curdling shriek coming up the passage way. He peered through, but couldn’t see anything.
Cas’ voice was like gravel. “No.”
He and Crowley had just about gotten to Cas’ car parked out on the road.
Dean looked after it with wide eyes, reluctantly following Cas down the hall. “It was empty anyways.”
Cas wrenched the door open so they could get onto the roof. Cas knew they’d been spotted by the way the helicopters changed direction, whipping their searchlights around. They got to the edge, looked over, then Cas motioned for Dean to stay back.
"Ooooh you got Castiel!? Very nice, I know exactly what you should get, but I'm not going to tell you."
“You were about to get his personal touch if I hadn’t followed you.”
Jody stared out the window, looking for a miracle.
Gabriel shook his head and walked away. He did not look pleased. Cas got up to follow, fearing he had gone too far this time. He let the remainder of the deck in his hands spill all over Dean as he passed.
Zach was thrown away from Gabriel, allowing him to take a welcome breath. Everyone within the courtroom screamed as the building rocked with the explosion, diving for cover. Dean ducked under the table. People kept screaming as the room continued to shake. Bits of ceiling rained down as the shockwave subsided. Chuck’s guards dropped his arms. This allowed Chuck to elbow one guard and punch the other while stealing his gun. He turned it to Dean who had just surfaced from under the table. Dean stared Chuck down, daring him. Cas came from nowhere, barreling into Dean as Chuck fired, sending them both tumbling over the table. Chuck immediately ran off.
With a mumbled "Merry Christmas" he shoved the package into Cas' hands, much to his surprise.
Once he felt Dean still, he gently pulled back to see Dean’s face properly. He cradled Dean’s cheek, wiping underneath one wet eye with his thumb, looking between Dean’s watery emeralds. Dean sniffed and wiped the other, breathing deeply as he gazed into Cas’ eyes.
Meanwhile, Dean entered his room to find his own costume. Indiana Jones, complete with hat, satchel and whip. Dean giggled to himself. Trust Sam to find such a good quality costume, the nerd. Not that Dean was averse to Indy, he had had quite a crush on Ford when he was younger, leading to many happy endings, wink wink. Knowing his brother as well as he did, Dean was just thankful that it wasn't a dress! Or a female slutty whatever. Since Sam had made a point of saying he would like Cas', he couldn't stop thinking about what Cas would be wearing….. He just hoped Sam wouldn't be cruel and have him in a dress either! Dean dressed with gusto, he couldn't wait to see.
The bullet had ripped through Zach’s shoulder. He immediately hunched over in pain.
Dean blushed, cradling Cas’ face properly. “Don’t ever change, Cas. But I truly am sorry.” Cas gave a little nod.
“Which I had nothing to-“
“And forgive me for what, exactly?”
“How in the fuck did you find me?” As Cas made to walk to the car, Dean grabbed him firmly around his waist to help. Cas accepted, leaning into Dean as he hobbled over. Cas sank gratefully into his seat, not bothering with the seat belt. Cas’ door creaked alarmingly when Dean closed it.
"Got you something Cas." It came out in a hushed mumble.
“My excellent attorney was so hoping for the legitimacy of a formal acquittal, but that is now no longer possible. Thank you, Dean.”
Cas drained his cup, sitting back with a happy sigh. “I think it’s sweet.” He closed his eyes, pulling the covers back up to his neck. Dean watched his face even out as he slipped into sleep.
Cas perked up and looked delighted. "I'll bring them by tomorrow."
“Oh you’re threatening me now. You can’t just threaten me into taking orders from you, Gabriel. We’re not kids anymore.”
“Now sit up, dearie, and get this down you. The tea contains a little something for the pain that will also help you recover and sleep. Make sure you drink it all. My own special recipe.” She winked at him.
Cas hopped over the fence at the end of the field, looking up and down the deserted road.
Cas looked back to the van, nodding. At least they still appeared to have some luck left.
“The red notice stays on them both. You, however, can go. But I’m placing you on leave. You will surrender your weapon and credentials.” Gabriel met Zach’s eyes, who gave a little shrug. It could have been worse. Gabriel sat back in his seat, utterly disgusted, huffing in frustration.
One car came right up behind Dean. A soldier leaned out of the passenger side, taking careful aim and shooting too close to Dean for his liking. Dean cocked a look over his shoulder through the ruined back window, about to retaliate, right when he crashed through a popcorn sellers cart. Dean flopped back in surprise, attention now back on the road ahead, his lap filled with glass and popcorn. Dean accelerated, giggled, eating the popcorn while keeping an eye on the other car. Dean smashed through another small stall, pulling some glass from his mouth.
Benny let out an evil laugh as he slowly pulled back the curtain.
Cas took another swig. “I was triple A rated executive protection.” He gulped down vodka while showing the vendor three fingers and nodding. “I was up here.” He held his hand up beside his head. A car smashed through all of the vendor’s empty seats behind him. Cas didn’t even notice. “I was up here. And GOD DAMMIT!!”
Cas panicked for a split second, as he had not been paying attention to Sam at all with how close Dean had been to him. Suddenly, Charlie gave him a gentle shove, and Cas had no choice but to carefully begin making his way up the stairs. About halfway up, he heard a creak. He turned to see Dean pretty close behind him.
“It’s just a quick in and out. I got a place there, all right?”
Zach stopped Gabriel at his desk as he gathered up his belongings, about to leave. Gabriel looked around, hissing in a terse whisper to Zach. “She’s making a mistake!”
Dean’s eyes rolled back in his head as he keeled over.
“Jesus, Dean, such a male model.”
Cas stood in front of Crowley in the lift, calmly watching the floor numbers as they descended. Crowley fidgeted behind him, curiosity getting the better of him.
They began to speak over each other. “You’re not paying me! And being prepared for everything means-“
Cas picked up the spoon. “So if I were to….” He reached towards the plate. Dean rapped his knuckles with his spoon.
Cas opened the door, lost to his thoughts. He closed it and stood for a moment in the darkness, forgetting to put the keycard into the slot. Cas startled back to himself when he registered a minute movement in the black room. Hackles raised, he moved slowly, taking his gun from his holster, certain there was someone else there. Just as he was bringing the gun up, it was kicked out of his hand, someone slamming him into the wall, strong hands holding him in place. Slightly winded, Cas lost the keycard, fighting to shove the body off of him.
Outside, the police set up a perimeter. Alastair glared out the side of the van, having just managed to get back into it before the police arrived. At least his team had reached the building in time.
“I’d say you’re right.”
Cas glowered, about to snark at Dean to hurry the fuck up, but his jaw slackened in pleasure instead as Dean shoved back into him fully with one smooth thrust. “Fuck! Deeeaaannn!” Cas’ nails ran down Dean’s back, scratching him deliciously as Dean bent down to lick up Cas’ throat while thrusting solidly into him, trapping Cas’ hard cock between them.
Rowena turned, cuffing Dean upside the head. She ignored his squawk of protest. “You didn’t think to tell him where he was while you were making dreamy eyes at him? For shame, silly boy.” Rowena turned back to Cas, settling the tray onto his lap.
Alastair placed a bundle of pages in front of Chuck, gave him a knowing look, and then got back to destroying some nearby shelving. Chuck picked up and calmly skimmed through the papers. Garth swallowed, flinching at every loud sound. Chuck began to read aloud from the pages.
“Yeah. By the way, you are by far the very best thing in my life, and I want you back in it. You’re the best big brother anyone could ever want. And I am sorry. For everything.” Cas couldn’t meet Gabriel’s eyes as he stepped back to lean against the wall to watch the proceedings. Gabriel shot his brother a small smile before resuming his seat, two rows above Jody and Zach.
“It’s prison, Sammy. Gotta protect yourself.”
“I wasn’t gonna trust Interpol with this shit.” Dean explained.
He took the suits out of their bags, discarding them on the chair. He hung Cas’ suit on the back of the bathroom door, hanging his own off the wardrobe door. Dean took a quick shower and a shave with the door open, returning to the room with a towel slung low around his hips. Cas hadn’t moved a muscle. The poor guy. Dean wished he could get five minutes alone in a room with those torturers, with some special implements of his own.
Cas straightened slightly to see Dean better, looking between his eyes to steal himself.
“When was the last time you paid rent on this safe house?” Dean watched both sides of the street.
“Yes, sir.”
“I got this.”
“-EVERYTHING. Life is gonna bloody us up, okay? You just gotta put a bandaid on that shit and keep rolling.”
“Hey, there’s eyes all over Amsterdam for me, that’s where Sam’s locked up.”
Cas sat back laughing, dropping the cutlery, reaching for the coffee pot. “I’ll not deprive you, Dean. It’s all yours. Just don’t start talking to it or anything. You’re already eye-fucking it obscenely.”
They walked outside, and passed between the buildings unchallenged. Crowley couldn’t believe it. He stayed close to Cas as his head spun wildly about them. “Well, that was easy? Practically nothing at all, really.”
, Cas! There’s a mole inside Interpol, that’s already cost me 12 good officers.”
“Get out!”
Cas wiped his mouth. “He’d say, my thing is better than your thing, motherfucker. I guess bullets are just allergic to me, motherfucker. This guy single handedly ruined the word motherfucker, do you know how hard that is to do?”
“Including today? Phew! Too many to count. You?”
“-to do with.” Cas nodded knowingly, having heard it all before. Gabriel crossed his arms and glared up at him.
“Get the engines started, I want an immediate take off. The air space has already been cleared.”
“Oh, oh, oh. That any way to greet your brother, bitch?” Dean had the phone on speaker by the sink, as he prepared his instruments.
Cas was left gaping like a fish. “Ummmmmmmmmm….” He put his phone into his inside pocket. “That could have gone fucking better.” He rubbed his face with both hands and realised he could still hear the shower running. Dean had been in there an awfully long time. He checked his watch. “Dean?”
The lawyers returned to their benches.
Dean crossed the street, making for the imposing Rijksmuseum. Cas watched him curiously.
They were quickly seated into a booth, facing each other. Dean didn’t even look at the menu, noticing the specials displayed on the board over the counter. The waitress came over, all chirpy and bubbly, too much so for this hour. She spoke with an English rather than a Welsh accent. Cas watched her energy with heavy jealous eyes. He hadn’t been this tired in a long while.
“Hey Mick. Doing fine, you? This is Cas. What’re you up to these days?”
Dean nodded, smiling softly back at Cas. “Well, I meant it. Every word. Not the mocking or sarcasm, I mean. I really have been your guardian angel. And I do have feelings for you.” Their eyes met, Dean held his gaze so Cas could see the sincerity in his eyes. Cas blushed even more.
Once around the house, Charlie bounced back to grab them. She pulled them along by the arms. “Selfie time bitches! C’mon, time to pose.”
Cas rolled his eyes fondly, setting the cup down by a laughing picture of the two of them. He hauled Gabriel up onto the couch on his side, covering him with a throw. Gabriel didn’t even flinch, just cuddled into the teddy and bottle some more, sighing happily. Cas bopped him on the nose. “Hope you had a good birthday, big brother.”
"Yes Dean, it's just this gift was so thoughtful. I have never received a present before. I still find emotions a little tricky. I'm sorry." Cas cast his eyes downwards almost in shame.
“Um, all right…” His eyes widened at the whoops of delight that erupted.
Thank you all so much for the love! Hope you enjoy!
The third goon from earlier ran in. Dean stabbed him almost casually into the chest. He fell to his knees but pulled out a gun. Dean wrenched it from his hands, and beat the guy around the head with it repeatedly until he fell over. As he stepped away, Dean shot him for good measure. Dean surveyed the scene briefly, cold anger present in his face.
Cas stared at Dean’s pretty eyes until his blush forced him to look away in embarrassment.
Dean spun in a circle a few times before he carried on. “Shit!!!!!” He came face to face with a small two person paddle boat. Again, Dean was moving too fast to help it. The couple screamed and jumped into the water just in time. Not a second too soon, as Dean’s boat and speed ripped their paddle boat in two. “Sorry!!!”
Sam ignored him as he went to his room to change. He even had a wig for his costume. James Bond would be lucky to have his flowing locks, so the wig gave him short hair. He looked ridiculous in it, but as he surmised earlier, hopefully no one will be looking at him anyway. He prepared quickly, and went to wait in the library for the two boys.
Crowley muttered to himself, “This car certainly isn’t Triple A rated. Not even fit for animals.”
Cas thought on the man himself. Dean loved to laugh, didn’t try to run once he promised he wouldn’t (a few errands aside), deeply loved his little brother and his team. Rowena clearly adored him too, sheltering them both at a moment’s notice, helping him locate Cas. People didn’t treat him like a cold blooded killer. He had a big heart, loved to sing, was charming, and looked after those he loved.
Cas smiled. “Precious, aren’t they?”
The guys eyes filled up with tears almost on command. “Oh shit, shit, don’t, it’s ok! Garth can’t have scared you that bad.” Dean tried to reassure him. The guy shook his head, sitting up, letting his head flop back against the wall with a dull thud. If Dean took a second to admire the gorgeous long neck and stare at the swallowing Adam’s apple, that was no one’s business but his own. “No, it’s not only that, it’s just…..everything.”
“Oooh yeah, she blends right in.”
Dean frowned as he heard and felt Cas’ deep rumbling laughter. He whipped his head up to a happy Cas, trying to stop laughing. Dean cocked his head in confusion, while Cas ran a hand through Dean’s hair. Between chuckles, Cas managed, “You’re one of the deadliest men in the world, feared everywhere, and you’re ticklish???”
“Up you go, Cas.”
“And there’s no sign of Agent Novak. Maybe 15-20 dead mercenaries, heavily armed. The media circus is in town. But that’s not the worst of it.” He looked into the empty shell of the van. “Winchester is gone.”
Dean nodded, guiding Cas through the empty room through the doorway beyond. Charlie was bouncing impatiently as she waited by the wide slide. “C’MON BITCHES!!”
"That's the same as asking me my age. Not a very gentlemanly thing to do. I won't be dignifying that with an answer." She swept out before them.
“What in the fucking hell are you doing?” Cas demanded. He was barely winded. Dean simply shrugged, looking Cas up and down. “Nice suit. Look, I’m not going to see my brother for a long time, so this needed a personal touch.” Dean walked along one of the criss cross of metal attic walkways that filled the open space along several levels. Cas followed.
"All right, all right." He stuck his hand in and had a good rummage around. Geez, how many people were actually working here??
“Awesome.”
“Hey guys! Looking good! No costume Dean?”
“I got you!” Dean jumped awake, staring wildly about him. His face had been pressed into the window.
“Don’t like clowns, huh?”
Dean looked critically into the rear view mirror. “Time’s up, Cas. We got company.”
They stood at the drivers door of an unremarkable car. Cas unzipped a leather pouch of tools.
“Well, Cas, look on the bright side. We got the bad guy’s van.”
"Sam?!"
Cas then doubled over with the flat of a large shovel slamming hard onto his back, followed by it smacking down into one leg, hard, gouging into the flesh of his calf. Cas felt something give, felt it hit the bone, and could only collapse to his knee with a mighty roar. “Mother—!“
The sniper sitting at the open back door immediately got shot through the heart. The pilot turned to stare at him in shock. The sniper flopped back, finger stuck on the trigger, shooting the pilot multiple times as he keeled over. Chuck watched with the ultimate expression of disbelief as the helicopter careened into the back section of the roof to explode in a fireball.
The guy in the upper gallery made a phone call.
Dean spotted a small slip service road in the mirror. He turned the wheel, angling so he drove backwards up it onto the busy main road. As predicted, the last driver sped up to push him out onto it. Dean couldn’t believe his luck when they flew through the air, right into the path of an oncoming large truck. Dean sailed past safely, while the other vehicle, not so much. The truck hit it full on. The car smashed onto the road, bursting into flames. Dean wrestled with his spinning car, quickly getting it under control, laughing as it skidded to a stop. He looked around wild-eyed, glad to be alive when nothing collided with him. He scrubbed his hands through his hair rapidly. “Whoooo!”
Cas put the glass back down, took a deep breath, but he just couldn’t help himself. His eyes found the hot guy again. Cas raised an eyebrow in appreciation as the man ran his fingers through his hair, biting his lip and mouthing along to the song. He seemed to be lost in his own little world of enjoyment.
“Ciao, sera bella.” The nuns turned to look at Dean instead with approving hums and smiles. Dean pulled the door closed and grinned at the nuns. “So, whose lap will I sit on?”
Decision made, he pocketed the fake teeth, ripped up one ticket, joined the queue and hopelessly tried to not dwell on all of his dating failures. He wondered what the hell was wrong with him. Because it had to be him, right? He was the common denominator who had been stood up so many times. Each time had hurt just a little bit more. By now, it was positively gut-wrenching. Why would people agree to dates and then just not show up? Never mind sex, Cas just wanted to be with someone, have someone to come home to, to wake up with, to hold, to spoil. Evidently, this was too much to ask. He ignored all of the happy people in groups in the queue, pulling his cape around him in loneliness, completely missing the look of concern from a leather clad man a few steps behind him.
Cas got out and tried to pick it up, but then waved it off instead, approaching the commander slowly. Dean’s door was now jammed fast. He climbed out of the drivers door window, giving a little yelp of pain when he landed, just about upright. “Thanks for the help, guys. Really.” Dean hopped on the spot, eyeing the soldiers with an epic bitch face.
Cas was hauled onto a stretcher, groaning in pain as he settled down, carrying on a conversation with Gabriel as if nothing had happened, although he grimaced with pain every now and then. “Okay, so here’s what I’ve been thinking - celebrity security. It’s low stress, just boy bands and shit. And hey, if one of those little shits gets killed, no one’s gonna get all that mad at me.” Cas giggled. Gabriel smiled fondly down at his brother, making room for the paramedics as they tucked a blanket around him.
Cas smiled, blushed and explained that they were a thoughtful gift from Dean. Sam raised his eyebrows as Dean nervously rubbed the back of his neck before taking the bags from Cas and gruffly headed for the door. Sam saw the shy smile Cas gave out of the corner of his eye before Sam turned to meet his eyes. They both shrugged and Sam motioned Cas to follow Dean, while Sam hung back.
The agents erupted into action behind him, with even more spilling from the parked vehicles, but Cas didn’t move, couldn’t move, unblinking, stunned into utter disbelief.
Dean zipped on through the canals, wondering where he should go to lay low, looking around to try and discern his location in the city. He was going along his canal too fast, coming to a T-junction. “Fuck!!!!!” He quickly pulled to the right side, drenching a hen party on a nearby boat who had just gotten the champagne in. Cas passed over the nearby bridge.
He turned, clocking eyes with Alastair. Dean gave him the finger as he gave the boat some throttle. Alastair smiled evilly to himself, barking orders. A guy leaned out of the back window, firing an automatic weapon at Dean.
Finding it hard to focus, Cas took the cup from his lips. “What?” As soon as his mouth was open, Dean popped the bacon piece in. “Well?”
“Are you all right, Dean? What would help?” Cas cocked his head, giving a small smile of encouragement. Dean nodded briskly. “I’m sure you can think of something, Sunshine.”
Dean held himself up on one hand while gripping Cas’ hip with the other, to stop his travelling. His lover was exactly where he wanted him to be. Cas brought his hand back down to cup Dean’s face tenderly, kissing him when he wasn’t gasping for breath. Dean kept the rhythm going, punching a moan out of Cas on every thrust. He licked up to Cas’ ear, hot breath panting wildly. “I’m really not going to last, Cas. You’re just too god damn sexy. Can’t hold on.”
Dean stopped to look at Cas properly. “Well, that’s cold. Look, maybe, just maybe, you ought to give him a pass on this. I gotta tell you, honestly, there’s not a lot of people in this world that would put up with your shit. You need someone to have your back.”
Cas was acutely aware of the solid mass of Dean right behind him, both arms wrapped around his belly. He could feel Dean’s breath on his neck.
“There is no other plan! The plan is we’re in a cow pasture. That’s the new plan.” Cas stomped ahead, putting as much distance between him and Dean as possible. Oblivious, Dean went round a chewing cow, continuing with the conversation.
“They say you’re triple A rated. Is that a real thing?”
“I was kidnapped when I was seven. By a serial killer pedophile. It sounds way more dramatic than it was. The FBI had been closing in on him for a while, I just had the luck to be the last child he took before they caught him. He had me for two days in his creepy house. Not enough time for him to do anything very bad to me, as he had a process he liked to follow, but more than enough time to torture me. I was free to roam the house but everything was bolted and very dark, and that basement…… I couldn’t get out. He liked to chase me, jump out at me, sometimes dressed as a clown, he called it playing. Lots of therapy and repressing memories have helped, but some things are buried deep deep down, and come up unexpectedly. I was very stupid to come in here alone.”
Cas tried the keypad several times, already descending into cursing, as none of the codes worked. “Son of a bitch, come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.” He frowned as his memory failed him.
Dean’s face suddenly dropped and he looked away from Cas for a moment. Cas frowned, wondering what was wrong. Dean returned his eyes to Cas’, although they were more tear-filled than before.
One of his guys was already looking through the camera footage. They now had the new car registration number. Alastair threw Gavin into the wall, sneering as he turned and followed his guys back outside.
“You’re seriously doing this now?” Gabriel was beyond pissed.
The landline phone in the corner began to ring. Cas stared at it in horror. “Shit. I thought we’d have more time.” He moved quickly to the window.
They came up to the opening of the other stairwell, able to hear the two soldiers reaching the top, rapidly shouting to each other. As one came around the corner, Cas cracked the butt of his gun off his face. He quickly disarmed and beat the second with his gun too, hitting the first one again for good measure.
“With pleasure, ma’am.”
“One of them.”
Cas huffed a little laugh to himself as he spied Kurasawa through the plane window, waving his goodbyes. Cas smiled and waved back.
Dean smiled as he slipped under the covers on the other side, settling down. He turned on his side to face Cas, who sleepily turned to face him, settling down again with a happy sigh. Dean worked an arm under Cas’ head, pulling him in close. He gently rubbed the remaining unabsorbed ointment into the burns on Cas’ temples, and then carried on stroking down his face, until he wound his arm around Cas’ waist, holding him tightly, making sure he was covered fully. He pressed a soft kiss into Cas’ cheek, marvelling at the little frown and then smile Cas gave in his sleep, before he burrowed his face into Dean’s chest. Cas’ arm wound around Dean’s upturned hip. Holy shit, Dean could definitely get used to this.
While Dean showed his love and affection easily in his actions, he wasn’t big on words. Any expressed emotion vocally must have been monumental for him. Cas could understand that completely. He’d rather open a vein than have a heart to heart with Gabriel, but it had to be done, he had to make amends.
Dean’s face went beet red as he suddenly found the darkness outside his window incredibly interesting.
Rowena nodded, shuffling Dean back into his chair. “That’s right, dearie. Always a place for you both here.”
Charlie leveled him with an unblinking gaze as she let his arm drop, shook the hat and held it out. "You're playing Winchester. And you're going to get your person a fabulous gift."
“No, it’s fine, Dean. Thanks for waiting until my contracts were done. As it turned out, my business did get fucked over better than you could ever manage it anyways, but I appreciate the courtesy nonetheless.” Cas heaved a heavy sigh.
“A high value transport.”
Cas lay on the flat of his back, huffing his own laugh before grimacing in pain.
“So is Dean. Just thought you should know. Let’s just say, he should be wearing a similar pin.” Sam turned to his brother, giving Cas much to dwell on.
The water cooler was being held up by Garth the IT guy as usual. That boy always looked slightly unwell, heaven knows how considering how much water he got through. Dean suspected he only wanted the gossip and connection with his co-workers. Garth gave him a little wave as Dean nodded his greetings while he passed by. He only just narrowly avoided the hat that would have collided with his nose as it was thrust into his face.
————————————————————
He leaned over and whispered to Cas. “Just say I’m sorry.”
He looked up in time to see Dean’s dazzling smile again. Fuck, he was so beautiful.
Dean’s leg healed nicely, which delighted his family. He made sure to do daily exercises to get back its former strength. He had a whole workout routine to keep up his fitness, being allowed solo runs around the yard daily.
"Yes! I'd love to look at them."
“Every possible scenario I had covered, every kill shot. Every. Goddamn. Angle.”
“Yeah. It means a lot.”
“Cos while I was there he ordered his men to slaughter a village outside Polask.” Dean looked the prosecutor in the eye. “I’m not down with killing innocent people.”
“Oh fuck!” Dean scrambled up, firmly pressing his hands onto Cas’ wound, shouting into the chaos of the courtroom. “Medic! Medic! We need a medic over here!”
Cas looked him up and down with his own crazed expression. “Eeuuwwh.” The man had not yet blinked.
Cas watched the burning vehicle with dismay. “There’s no way they could have known where we were.”
“Well, actually, yeah I am. We’ll call you back.” Dean pocketed the phone, dodging the workmen who were repaving along that side of the embankment. He flicked his eyes to the rear view mirror, disgusted that all the other cars had dropped down safely too. He set his jaw and shifted gears.
“What a pretty little town. Old narrow streets, buildings nice and close. Lots of great views from all of those windows…. ” His voice trailed off as he looked outside meaningfully.
Gabriel’s phone lit up with a call. He darted out of the courtroom while answering it.
Cas nodded, face like thunder. “Never mind my leg, I was enjoying that.”
Cas was leaning against the back wall with his arms crossed. His mouth dropped as he remembered Dean’s story on the ferry to Amsterdam. He had had no idea that that preacher was his father. No wonder he took his revenge. Dean’s eyes flicked to Cas briefly.
"You're lucky we go way back Bradbury." Dean growled.
Dean's eyes were wide as he snapped out of it. A night of fun and games with his brother and Angel, he could get down with that. There was nowhere else he would rather be. Cas nodded eagerly, his head spun around, wondered what to do first.
Dean carried on through the park, a bit slower now, face grimacing in pain. He passed several benches. One man with an obvious earpiece followed Dean with his eyes as he passed by. He stood up to follow before he was yanked back into the bushes behind the bench.
Since giving up the demon trials, he had been getting better very very slowly. At least they had the bunker to hole up in. It did mean he was useless for hunts for a time, but he could still research the hell out of a case for Dean or Garth during his bouts of energy that were thankfully becoming more frequent. He knew it would take another few weeks, but he could feel himself becoming whole again.
Dean looked back to Gabriel, impressed, before beckoning him to follow as Dean ran on. “We gotta get off the street.”
Charlie rolled her eyes. "I said that this is Castiel. Castiel, this is Dean. I'm sure it's his pleasure to make your acquaintance."
good.”
Several UN peacekeepers kept the peace outside the courtroom, staring at each other uneasily, while inside, tensions were running high. Jody looked beyond pissed as she eyed the clock, Gabriel nervously bit his nails, while Zach looked almost pleased.
Cas led them along a canal on a pretty flower filled street, Dean limping along after him. They turned up a side street until they reached a green door in a red bricked building.
Zach followed closely behind with a folder of documents, sweeping into the room, making for the big table by the window. “Quite the dust up in Coventry this morning. But you wouldn’t know anything about that, would you?”
Cas looked at him with an adorable head tilt of confusion. He took Dean’s hand who heaved him up as if he weighed nothing. “But….why? You don’t know me.”
“Shit, man, you ok?”
“Why are we always yelling??”
One tram turned a corner nearby, revealing Dean clutching on to the side of it, legs scrambling for purchase. With his rotten luck, Alastair spotted him and rallied his guys to give chase. They had several vehicles with armed soldiers leaning out of the windows. Interpol vehicles sped after them, sirens blazing.
“I thought that was an unusual colour. What was that, periwinkle? Although, I did find this in the back seat.” He handed over the bag from his passenger seat, which contained a mini dachshund.
After a shower, Dean supposed he should put on underwear at least, for Cas. Guy seemed a bit prudish that way, and Dean liked him enough to keep him happy. Dean put his foot up on the closed toilet seat and began to strip his bandage off, getting a look at his wound. He hadn’t been able to stitch it up all that well in Coventry, but it would do. Wouldn’t be the first irregular scar he had. And thankfully, there weren’t any signs of infection. Still hurt like a bitch though. Dean bandaged it firmly in a clean dressing, carefully setting his foot down and testing the weight once he was done.
“What I meant to say was, there’s
Dean had seen Cas bolt out of the corner of his eye as he reversed the car, swinging the wheel until he drove off under the elevated highway. Four cars gave close chase. The one in the other lane ran into the back of a reversing garbage truck, recoiling hard. Dean grinned, turning his attention to the three other vehicles.
“Hey, it’s me.”
Dean looked back to the waiting projector screen. Meg turned to the judges. “Exhibit 18D. We’ve confirmed the co-ordinates.” The judges nodded.
“Assistant Director?”
Metatron cut in immediately. “How can you allow Dean Winchester’s testimony? A hired killer, being given a sweetheart deal? A man like that will say anything to save himself.”
“You’re welcome, by the way.” Dean glanced down at Cas with a small smirk.
Cas sighed. “Let’s just try to get to the car without killing anyone, all right?” He peered around the corner, happy the coast was clear. He pulled Dean tightly to himself to take more of his weight so they could move faster. Dean stayed silent, enjoying the proximity while he could get it.
His hand grasped what he was looking for. He pressed the bottle of lube into Dean’s hands. “Oh fuck, Cas, baby. I gotta warn you, I’m not gonna last. Especially when I’m remembering my prime spank bank material of you on a motorbike. That’s really kept me going all these months. And now those delicious noises you made a short while ago…..” Dean pressed them firmly together, eyes closed as he groaned.
Cas cut him off. “I know everything I need to know about you. All your early arrests, your step father in and out of prison. You following in the same footsteps.”
"Dean. You are young, hot, unattached, and all of this stress is going to send you to an early grave. It's plain not healthy. Come on, it's time to go and unwind. Besides, it's about time you met Castiel. There are only two weeks left to get a gift for him. Have you even thought about that??"
“You did what, exactly, to help with that?”
A gruff Cockney voice answered. “Wha’?”
it’s time for bed. Let’s go. How far away are we going anyway?” They got up from their seats. Dean stepped back, allowing Cas to take the lead. Dean leaned back to wave goodbye to Diane, resting his hand on the small of Cas’ back briefly as he passed on his way through the door.
Dean’s hands began sliding down and around, cupping Cas’ ass, pulling him in even closer to feel Dean’s hard erection. Cas’ eyes widened with a groan. Dean moved to Cas’ other ear, kissing up along his neck to reach it. “Wanna have some fun?” He pulled back to look between Cas’ eyes. Swallowing hard, Cas pressed his own erection into Dean’s thigh. Dean groaned, nodding. He took Cas by the hand, leading him towards the bathroom.
She stepped outside the room briefly, returning with another tray, settling that in front of Dean on the bed. “Now, you boys eat up. It’s leather night, so I have to go show my face downstairs, but I’ll see you in the morning. Tiny’s on the stairs, so don’t worry about anything.”
Cas responded, “Yeah, we’re trying to catch the ferry to Amsterdam.” Cas pointed down the road.
"I'll be fine, I'm going to bed. I just could really use some of those meds, so you would actually be helping me a lot. Am so tired today, I don't think I can go myself."
“That shit was two years ago, man. You really gonna keep whining about it?”
“No. Nope. I don’t decide if my clients live or die.”
Not able to focus on him for long, Dean was startled out of his thoughts. “Hey Chief!!!”
“Have you got a view at least?”
In another part of the building, Dean Winchester was buckled into chains as he was brought to an interrogation room with short shuffling steps. He settled into his seat more comfortably, glancing about at everyone with an amused face. He was impressed at the amount of armed officers his presence required, grinning to himself.
Dean filed that useful piece of information away and followed him in. The bright high-ceilinged room contained several metal cages of clothes, weapons and supplies all around the walls, as well as a metal staircase leading to an upper level.
“Fuck you!”
The four Belarusians spilled from the crashed car. Alastair went for the truck driver, beating him in anger for blocking their way while his three colleagues ran after Cas. Alastair dropped the driver, looking around wildly for another vehicle option. He gave up and ran after his fellow soldiers, not too far behind them.
“It postpones fatigue. Refuels glycogen, electrolytes, slowly. It’s not working particularly well right now, but still, I got you one too, while you were having one of your world class power naps.”
Chuck calmly shot his wife, then angled the gun down and shot his son. Their screams were cut off mid-plea. Garth collapsed onto the table, sobbing.
Ignoring the groans of protest, Dean opened the passenger door for Cas, who smiled and sat in quickly. As the others fumbled into the back, Cas ran his hands along the smooth dash. This car was clearly well cared for and well loved.
“Ahhhh, pass.”
“The trial of former Belarusian President Chuck Dukhovich continued today with emotional testimony from many of his country’s victims. While the testimony is powerful to hear, Dukhovich’s legal team say they are nothing more than the lies of his enemies. Long one of the world’s most brutal dictators, who stands accused of ethnic cleansing on a massive scale, there is an unprecedented level of security in place around the courthouse, where multiple demonstrations are taking place. Even the air space above this city is closed. So far, the prosecution has been crippled by the lack of any hard evidence against Dukhovich himself. Numerous witnesses who were expected to testify have disappeared. Is there anyone brave enough to come forward with evidence, and finally put an end to his brutal reign?”
“Hell yeah! You don’t have any plans for the rest of the night, right?”
He paused briefly, staring at his own sad eyes. He had a bad bad feeling about today. At best, they’d survive and put Chuck away, but then Dean would go to jail anyway. At worst…. Cas sighed, sitting on the closed toilet seat, elbows on his knees, head in his hands. His stomach was in knots.
The bluest watery eyes he had ever seen rose to meet his, slowly. Dean was momentarily taken aback by the vibrancy of the sapphire blue. This had to be the hottest guy he had ever seen, even with crappy Halloween make-up on his face. He just hated that this stunning face looking up at him still managed to look so sad. Dean cleared his throat harshly, trying again, gently grabbing a shoulder.
“I truly don’t care.” Cas shuffled past with the bag, heading for the bathroom.
“What do you want?”
“The FUCK Dean?” Cole ripped off his Jason mask in anger.
Cas didn’t even hear him, his chest heaving as he took in their new position. Dean smiled knowingly, fully aware of what he’d done. Cas tried to lean up to kiss Dean, but couldn’t move very much. He growled in frustration as Dean moved his hips forward ever so slightly, just about touching their cocks off each other. He tried to kiss Dean again, getting nowhere, eyeing up his muscled arms and solid chest. Knowing he couldn’t win, he glared up at Dean instead.
“Yeah, I hadn’t the heart to wake him. Today’s going to be rough, want to make sure he’s healed as much as he can. But yeah, you’re right.”
Crowley started to say something, but Cas held up a finger to silence him as his call connected.
“Well!” Gabriel got to his feet, throwing his ID on the table. “I like my odds.” He took his gun out of his holster. “The only way Winchester and my brother don’t make it to the Hague is if they kill each other first.”
“I know what semantics means! And it only happened cos you crashed the damn car! But I also know that I don’t need to take brother advice from you.”
“You know what, Dean, this isn’t worth it. We should just break Sam out, and make a run for it.”
Jody smiled. “You definitely held up your end of the bargain, Mr Winchester. Agent Novak, why don’t you go find Mr Winchester some handcuffs?”
Crowley hurried to catch up. “You don’t understand. These people are animals.”
"Yes. But it's 7pm on a Friday night. And we're all off to Ellen's for drinks. Come on."
Cas yelled and bucked, whipping out of the bed, his arms in front in a defensive position, his stance ready to run. He panted deeply, eyes crazed, watching Dean like a hawk. “You mother—“
Sam smiled to himself before the line beeped, going dead. Sam sighed. “Well fuck.”
The news trailed out of Chuck’s conscious hearing as Metatron burst into the room. “Interpol wishes to have a word.” He said it apologetically.
“Yeah? Good, good, good, good.” Cas simply sat there, staring at his brother with a sad face, trying to calm his breathing.
Cas shook him off with a glare. “Jesus Christ.”
Dean looked back, laughing heartily, pressing onto the accelerator. He went up a ramp, watching the bonnet lift up and fly off over the car. Dean whistled low, patting the wheel. The enemy vehicle that had followed him was going too fast, and almost didn’t land safely. They did, but spun wildly, ending up in the water channel in the middle. Dean eyed up the final car.
He withdrew a paper and before he had it all the way open, both Charlie and Garth chorused in unison, "Who did you get??"
He never knew how ha managed to get everything done by deadline time, but he had managed to pull a Christmas miracle out of his ass this year again somehow. His team were the best in the business. He hoped they enjoyed the party. He arrived in the building about half way through the work day, fresh off the plane. It was still very snowy and lovely, he would see his family for Christmas soon, and if his gift to Cas got the reaction he wanted then it would indeed be a Merry Christmas. Life was good.
Cas shook his head. “Well, if it helps, I know that guy. And I will gut him.” Cas shook his head again.
“Fuck! I could get used to hearing that, Cas. I think I like hearing you beg. But, there’s been something I’ve been wanting to do to you for years. May I?”
The nearest employee stared at him in confusion.
Cas whipped past the coughing Belarusians, taking in the scene. He drove up some crates at the side of the canal, jumping and landing on a flat topped tour boat. He drove along that, bringing him almost up to the same level as the bridge. He jumped from the boat, landing right on the man with the bazooka, who was knocked over just as the bazooka went off. It zoomed across the canal, hitting a parked car, which exploded in flames, causing the people in the tour boat to scream wildly.
Zach shuffled nervously in his seat. Gabriel watched him curiously while Dean continued. “Just load it up.”
“I am Rowena. This is my establishment. The finest in Amsterdam. I run a tight ship, but it is the ultimate pleasure palace for those who play by the rules. We even get to fifth base on occasion. And we would eat you alive. Especially Balthazar, he’d love you.” She wiggled her eyebrows mischievously.
He crashed onto the next landing, failed to grasp again, and tumbled off once more. “Shit!”
“You’re here! Early.” Cas panted.
Dean sat up in the bed to listen better.
"We are designated helpers, Winchester. With the amount of new staff we have now due to our successful year, I have carefully been cultivating and nurturing close relationships with our new hires in order to know optimal gifts. Now who have you??" she squealed.
Outside, Cas was fuming and muttering. He banged the door behind him and looked along the street. He spied a street vendor that had set up shop at the corner, selling from the side of his small van. The seats along the street were filled with his patrons. Cas made for there, stalking down the road, screaming one last “FUCK!” out into the universe.
Dean closed his mouth, pulling Cas into a firm hug. “We don’t have to talk about anything you don’t want to, but fucking hell, you’re very brave, Cas.”
Dean left his hand go reluctantly, to rest that arm along the seat back as he backed out of the space, causing him to lean further into Cas’ space. Yup, Cas was well and truly fucked.
Cas stopped for a moment, testing his theory. Dean sighed deeply, then twitched some more when Cas started up again.
Dean flashed him such a dazzling smile that Cas was momentarily stunned. How had he not seen how beautiful this man was when he had knelt down. His lovely emerald eyes, perfect face, sinful lips, broad shoulders. With his current vulnerability, Cas could be in very real trouble here. He looked around at the four earnest faces, impossible to turn down.
Cas levelled him with a withering glare, as he ripped off another bit of his bar. “Awh thanks, that’s really generous of you…NO!”
Dean rolled his head as he shucked off his jacket, throwing it at Sam’s head, laughing when it caught on his hat. Dean turned to the side, flexed his massive bicep while looking back over his shoulder with a smouldering pout. Cas’ mouth went dry.
"At the office party, Friday December 23rd."
“I’ve lived in this country for a while now, Dean. Clients bring me all over.”
Cas shook his head. He looked worried. “I should have told Gabriel.”
The prosecutor carried on. “Mr Winchester. Were you ever in the employ of Chuck Dukhovich?”
“You know what to do.”
Dean laughed, taking Cas’ hands, squeezing them gently before heading down the steps. “Would the prosecution please prepare their witness.”
Sam rocked an impressive bitch face, shook his head and turned to Cas. He was sporting a new scarf and gloves. "Do some shopping of your own Cas? That scarf suits you."
He looked up at Cas with an eyebrow up, shuffling in his seat. “Am I wearing underwear?”
Fucking Gabriel.
“Something wrong, Dean?”
Dean rubbed the wheel of the Mercedes happily. It had been way too long since he’d been able to drive something. He didn’t even mind that it wasn’t his Baby. They pulled out of the garage, eased onto the main road, and they were away.
Dean was a killer, a bad guy. Wasn’t he?
Gabriel stood back, panting, holding his throat. “It’s over, Assistant Director.”
Cas closed his eyes and sighed, trying to ignore the loud thump of what passed for music in this place. Why had he allowed himself to be talked into this shit.
Cas stepped into view on the floor above him, glaring absolute death at him.
Cas glared after him, beckoning him back insistently. “Mr Crowley. Mr Crowley, this way please.” Crowley ran back to him and they continued on down the left passageway.
As he stood and looked around at his work, he switched off the lights. There were carved pumpkins lighting all over the Bunker, about 15 in all. Once he had exhausted all of the traditional Halloween faces and symbols for his carving, he cut some sigils, pentagrams and Enochian letters, just for fun. There were ghost and pumpkin headed lights snaked around the doors, up the pillars and trailing in long streams from wall to wall. A basin full of apples was prepped and ready. He had baked Halloween shaped cookies of various types and made candy apples which were lovingly arranged on the table. The Bunker smelled like diabetes, but he was sure Dean would like them. Always a child at heart. The collection of classic horror DVDs in residence waited next to the DVD player. He had acquired a lot of beer, whiskey and purple nurples, also carefully arranged on the already heaving table. Someone would sure as hell need it, depending on how the night went. And for Sam's finishing touch, he had laid the costumes out on their respective beds.
Sensing it was time to head back, the bags were gathered and they stepped out of the coffee shop. The night was falling with a definite wintery nip in the air, their breaths steamed before them. Cas shuddered in his coat. It was new and warmer than his trench coat, but it still wasn't enough when he only had a t-shirt underneath. He paused, set down the bags with a huff while he rubbed his hands together and blew hot air between them. Dean did his best to hide his shy smile as he took out a small bag and held it towards Cas with a loud clearing of his throat.
“On the upside, I made a cool FBI friend that day. Rufus still keeps in contact, so that’s nice. But I don’t want to talk about it anymore for now, please. Why are you looking at me like that? Have I overshared again?”
One final bullet from their car chose that moment to go off, hitting the bad guy’s van, causing it to explode in flame. Cas’ expression didn’t change as he watched it burn. Yup. That seemed about right.
Cas joined Dean by the car. As Dean fiddled with his cufflinks, Cas pulled the light purple tie that was hanging from his pocket, wrapped it gently around Dean’s neck and went to tie it into a neat knot. Dean smiled at Cas softly, watching him. He grabbed Cas’ hands to still them, shaking his head as he pulled off the tie and stuffed it back into his pocket. “Not quite yet. And Dukhovich?” He pulled Cas in close to him by his own blue tie, whispering into his ear. “That motherfucker’s gotta go. I may have mentioned already.”
“Ok Cas, I don’t have….”
Afterwards, the now-still clown was bent over with mirth, and had to remove his mask to breathe. “Ketch! You absolute dick,” Dean growled, already looking quite menacing even with Sam’s arms stuck around his neck. Sam’s scowl was also growing by the second. Ketch took in the scene of two very angry Winchesters, and wisely fled behind a locked door.
“CAS!”
Dean turned to Cas, who busied himself buttoning up the top of Dean’s shirt and dusting off his shoulders. “How do I look, Cas?” When finished, Cas took him by one shoulder, looking down at him critically. “Well, you have a speck of blood on your….” Cas waved a vague hand across all of Dean. “..everywhere.”
Dean hobbled on a bit, watching Chuck more intently, biding his time. Chuck went up another low staircase, revealing himself a bit too much. Dean took quick aim. A shot rang out, followed by Chuck roaring in pain.
6pm saw Dean still on his laptop. Charlie rolled her eyes. She and Garth had put the finishing touches to the decorations. They had quite a big open plan office space. Some of the cubicles had been moved aside to accommodate a party area. Heaving tables of food were accompanied with a large crystal punch bowl, which may or have not been spiked. Charlie's lips were sealed. This was a fun office, but every little helps. Once the merry making had begun with Christmas songs blaring loudly, she decided it was time to get Dean.
“Good morning, my lovelies! What can I get you today?”
Cas used the distraction to look properly at Dean, who filled out a tailored suit like he was born to do it. Dean’s was a dark navy blue, no tie, with several buttons of the white shirt undone at the throat. Cas looked down along his exposed neck, spying a hint of chest hair along the firm planes of skin, biting his lip discreetly. Shame he had been so out of it when in bed earlier, this was a sight he now wanted to commit to memory more fully.
Dean held up a hand in a boy scout salute. “I don’t doubt it Cas, but I’m so hungry that if you feed me, I’ll have your babies. And I won’t run off anywhere. I promise.”
“Semantics, yeah, just another way of saying—“
Cas coughed to hide his almost gasp, managing to stammer out, “Um, it’s not far.” What the hell was wrong with him today?? The pre-dawn light was already beginning to stain the sky to the east.
“I’m afraid so. Have a seat. It’s been a long day.” He slammed the door in Crowley’s face.
“They’re probably-they’re probably here already, just-just waiting for me to leave!”
Dean rubbed the tiredness from his eyes. "Yeah I'm good. Usual deadline stuff, you know?"
“What— Jesus Christ!”
Cas pulled the cover up to his neck as Rowena laughed. “No, no. I know better, believe me.” She turned an arched eyebrow to Dean, pulling him down to her level to whisper in his ear, “He’s fabulous. Well done.” Dean smiled when she pulled him further in for a hug.
“Mr Crowley..” Cas began. Crowley pushed several pills along the table’s surface into his open mouth at the edge, glaring at Cas. “..Are we ready to go?” Cas tried a small smile but it just looked pained. Crowley stood slowly with an angry stare before erupting in fury.
Sarcastically. “Ok, ok, I guess we will, Jesus Christ!” Cas returned his phone to his pocket, resuming his glare at the clerk.
Cas wasn’t a fool. He could feel himself falling for Dean, had mostly fallen already, despite all odds, and it scared him. Didn’t it?
Jody turned the laptop to Gabriel so he could see the identification of Cas’ face on the traffic camera image. “You two are brothers, aren’t you?”
“Yeah. Prague.” Cas smiled and nodded to himself.
As Chuck followed the doomed flight, his eyes fell on Dean standing nearby. He glared unblinkingly at Chuck, not even flinching at the loud explosion behind him. Chuck’s face dropped. He cowered back as Dean advanced on him with unmistakable intent, cold anger clear on his features. Dean gave him a little icy smile, then casually shot Chuck through the leg. Chuck doubled over, flopping onto his back in agony.
Cas’ face split into a grin. “Not really. You have been mocking me a lot. And you’ve been very sarcastic. Pretty much constantly. I don’t think I fully grasped what you were trying to say before. But now I do.” He looked away with a little flush.
“Do you have evidence to corroborate this?”
“Get cleaned up, we’ve gotta get to court. The deadline’s tomorrow, but earlier is better. Today is better.” Cas pushed past him with clothes, depositing some into Dean’s waiting hands, heading for another room.
Castiel nodded, looking a bit puzzled and sat down on the outer seat next to Garth. As the night progressed, and Dean got calmer, he learned a good deal about Cas. He had decided to call him Cas pretty much immediately. Castiel had liked the nickname saying he preferred it to the long version that everyone used. He was inspired to photography by growing up watching nature documentaries, especially David Attenborough. After doing wildlife photography for National Geographic for a while, he wanted to explore more of the world before eventually deciding to settle down in the city. He had had a few of his pictures in the magazine, but that was as ambitious as he had been so far. His parents were gone, he was an only child and didn't really have any other family. These facts were mainly deduced by Garth's questions as Dean didn't quite trust himself to speak much. Did that guy gargle glass?? That deep voice was so sexy. Cas didn't speak to him directly much. Dean didn't blame him, Dean was acting like a complete idiot, getting tongue tied and sweaty. His usual patented Winchester-James Bond charm must have the day off. He couldn't say his goodbyes fast enough when the time came so that he could go lie in the fetal position and wish for the ground to swallow him up.
Lost to thoughts as he was, Cas almost missed his group call. He stepped up, smiling sadly at the staff member. “It’s just me.”
"Merry Christmas Dean."
“Sort of like a rapport, ok? You need me to like you.” Rasputin tested the two jumper cables he had attached to the machine instead of paddles, baring his teeth at the bright spark display that shot out. The other goon kicked something under the chair to flatten Cas out more.
Zach turned, grabbed Gabriel by the throat with two hands and shoved him into the wall.
The tech spoke up. “It’s asking for a password.”
Cas sat on the chair, watching him. “I saw you got out of the cuffs. How come you didn’t run?” Cas asked curiously.
The truck reached the first round of barriers around the courthouse, smashing right through the parked police cars. The bomb within it armed itself.
Cas gave up all pretence and drank directly from the bottle. “Even if I did save him,
Cas looked flattered as he opened the portfolio case. Dean excitedly flipped through every print. The colours, the compositions, the framing, he was indeed quite an artist. "Cas these are stunning. Would you please do me the honor of trusting me with these for now? We have the deadline in a week and I want to use as many of these as possible, but right now I don't know which I can use. Is that ok?"
Dean could just about make out Cas’ sleep softened face up close. Fuck, he was so beautiful. And those eyes of his! This schoolboy crush of his was lasting a hell of a lot longer than Dean thought it would. It had been years now, and his feelings for Cas hadn’t changed. If anything, they’d grown even more. He knew he was just a killer in Cas’ eyes, but hopefully he could do enough with the serendipitous opportunity of this trip to show him otherwise.
“And one on the number 3 elevator.” This guy hadn’t stood a chance, getting hit with an elbow as soon as he tried to exit the lift, easily being knocked out when his face connected to the metal side. After the cable ties, Cas had walked away leaving the lift door close repeatedly on his head.
Cas clutched Dean’s wrist again, sitting up slightly. “I saved you. I did my job, now you go do yours. Go get that motherfucker. Finish this.” Cas fell back, writhing in agony.
“Oh really? Well tell me how that brother shit was going before I showed up?”
to testify. So I promise you, I won’t run. I
In the courtroom after Cas’ shooting, Jody had disarmed and threatened Chuck with a bullet to the head, while he stood over the body of Metatron, who he had shot between the eyes. He was put into handcuffs and led away by two UN peacekeepers, looking quite shell shocked at being taken into custody so easily.
Dean watched the scene, giving a little nod of satisfaction, turning away with a smile.
Cas leapt up and rolled over the top level of some nearby empty shelving, jumping off the far side, yanking down with all of his might as he landed, pulling the chain with him. Alastair was dragged over to the shelves, chain catching on the metal, quickly going purple while he spluttered for breath. Cas had wrapped the chain around his wrist, arms shaking from the effort of keeping the chain taut. Alastair was still able to make noises. This was going to take some time, time Cas didn’t have.
Dean turned to look at him in disbelief as another song began loudly. Cas stared at him with a confused head tilt that was utterly adorable. Dean leaned in to his ear. “Holy shit,
“No thanks, we’ve more of a chance of making it on our own. Stealthy. Besides, Cas has my back.”
“I made that jump without jumping. Let’s go.” Cas led him towards his car on a nearby road.
The sun was up when the bus approached Dover. Cas and Dean were seated in the absolute centre of the bus, nuns on all sides. Dean was loudly joining in with the nuns’ Italian folk song, with almost the entire bus clapping and singing. Cas simply sat with a sad frown. Dean was dancing in his seat, jostling off Cas, trying to get him to join in, singing practically into his ear. Cas slowly looked at him, then looked away, wondering when this hell would end.
"I don't really think I can Charlie."
Rasputin walked slowly up to Cas, squatting down to look him directly in the eye as he put his hands in his pockets. He spoke in heavily accented English. “I ask you one time. Where is Dean Winchester?”
“What? He’s not my fucking spouse.”
Cas barely met his eyes, not wanting to admit anything. “Hard to tell. Bit of yelling.”
“I recognise no authority that limits my power!”
As he looked forward to check on the line’s progress, he noticed a lone guy in front of them. Even dressed in a Halloween costume, he had never seen anyone look more lonely, a cloud of despair almost visible around him. Dean’s heart ached when he saw him pull the cape around himself, hugging his arms in tight. He knew what it felt like to be that alone, wondering what this guy’s story was. Dean wasn’t able to get a good look, as the guy stayed facing forward with his shoulders slumped and eyes down, almost missing his call when it came. Dean watched him sadly enter the house.
“You’re a right ray of sunshine, aren’t you?”
“There’s still time to work all that out.”
“You know, for a dude that runs around killing people, you have a really strange thing about bleeding.” Cas zipped up his pouch, putting it back in his inside pocket, throwing his bag into the back seat.
Cas stood back so Dean could get out of the car. “Well, you did think that cheap whiskey was piss.” Cas glared at him, pocketing his gun. “I was doing it to keep you safe, Cas. I was going to go straight to the Hague. Honest.”
“I’ll speak to Jody. Get her to allow you to come to the Hague with us. But. No more secrets.” Zach grabbed his shoulder fondly again.
Cas got out his little belt of tools, broke into and hot wired the car. They were blowing out of the garage in no time. Cas was all hyped, while Dean frankly looked bored in the passenger seat. Cas had taken the slope too hard and had hit the gas a little too much. They crashed through the wooden barrier at the bottom of the car park, immediately swerving into some parked cars outside. The airbags erupted into both of their faces.
"Okay cool, gotta make my entrance, are you ready??"
“Cas!”
Alastair’s goons spilled up the south stairwell.
“Aha, perfect deduction Sherlock. Draw their fire so I can take a look.” The rounds had badly pierced the back of the car, with one hitting the fuel line, which began to leak copiously onto the ground.
A police car zipped past them in the opposite direction. Cas watched it in the rear view mirror. “You know, why don’t you lay back, keep from getting recognised, get comfortable.”
“Phew! This field smells like your car.”
The doors burst open as Cas and Dean strode into the courtroom side by side, both limping. There were shocked gasps all around. Dean searched out and found Chuck’s startled face. He grinned evilly.
“Here Sam, use your giant arm to get us all in.”
There was another pause, as Gabriel found a quiet spot in the hallway. “Are you fucking kidding me??” He all but yelled in a harsh barking tone.
Cas increased his speed, crossing the bridge with a jump, landing in front of Alastair’s second vehicle. He carried on down the canal ahead of them. The soldiers shot at Cas instead. Cas reduced his speed by going up on his front wheel alone, and they quickly passed him. Cas then came up behind, shooting into the vehicle as he kept pace. He got the driver, who flopped over. The vehicle immediately careened over the ledge, landing upside down in the canal.
