John struggled to reply, his mind still riddled with thoughts of words left unsaid, “Yeah, yeah, me? Fine. I am fine.”
Mycroft stood there, in awe, wondering what to say, or do, or ask, when the door downstairs opened again causing Mycroft to flinch. John spoke calmly towards him, “Just Greg. I can sense his soul. Greg is his name, yes?”
“I’m sorry, sometimes the weight of your loss is just too much Sherlock. I just…why did you have to jump? Why, Sherlock? I could have helped. Was I not enough? Was I nothing to you?” The calls, for John, were getting too hard. He was angry and he was lost. After the sixteenth call, John decided to give it a rest and go about life.
In the silence of the countryside, pink sky rising to greet the world, and bees waking from sleep, Sherlock’s soul screamed as it was dragged down to Hell.
Luckily, Mycroft had managed to avoid the chaos that was going on outside of the room he isolated himself in. It was stale and old MRE’s were scattered on top of the desk and shoved into the drawers. He deduced that, to some degree, hunger was one of the forces driving his peers to go feral, that and the lack of societal structure.
John tried with all of his might to not depend on him in those moments of memory, but the only times that truly mattered to him featured Sherlock Holmes.
“I made a little speech. I actually spoke to you, I asked you for one more miracle, I asked you to stop being dead.”
“There’s a case here for you. Just, come back. Come back, please.” and with a broken voice, John hung up. Call five took John straight to voicemail, he supposed Sherlock's phone did have to die eventually.
Sherlock wondered - not for the first time today - what he would have done if John had not shown up at just that right moment?
Sherlock was jumping to his feet, throwing down his napkin and slamming the table with a fist in a tantrum, “What even
John wiped his eyes. He wanted to see Sherlock fully. To enjoy this moment. And not relive the tragedy that was the past few months, years of their lives, when they could have had
Few had the ability to tear themselves away when Sherlock was deducing them. Most lashed out or stormed away. John was doing neither. He just needed to collect himself.
I couldn’t be happier. These past few weeks have been the most fulfilling of my life. Knowing that you two are both safe, and sound, and whole, and
Sherlock's blog on 256 types of ash was suddenly of devout interest worldwide. John received calls once or twice daily in the month that followed.
John tried not to allow himself to succumb. He had to remain strong. He had to be the wall the waves broke upon for Sherlock. He would hurt. He would burn. If that is what Moriarty wanted out of this game he had set for them.
Her embrace securing him. Reminding him he was not alone. He had to survive. Had to keep fighting. Without saying as much, or in as many words. Simply … humming softly. Quiet confidence. Bridled strength.
“Okay. understood,” Mike conceded, being sure not to let any patronizing tones creep into his voice. Sherlock hated being talked down to ...
At the same time his left leg shot out and dropped the other man by kicking out his knees from behind and he heard a satisfying thud as the miscreant hit the pavement.
Irene had said something similar that day. To tempt Sherlock. To try and claim him. To pull him away from John. Right before his eyes. And it had scared him, then ...  How much he had already felt - like Sherlock was his. How much he wanted to interrupt, and stand between them, and keep her eyes OFF of
John was strong. His pride stronger. He would fight until the last. Until he knew defeat was emminent.
All along, he had known that Moriarty could NOT be smart enough to handle all of this alone. Jim Moriarty had proven his genius, certainly. Sherlock bowed to that knowledge quickly enough to not be played by it. But this?? This smelt of Mycroft. And Mycroft alone.
John tiptoed up the last few creaking wooden steps to find himself in a dormered room. The window looking out over London.
She hadn’t eaten in hours. She was exhausted. And she was doing her best to keep them busy and distracted … no matter the reason why.
“Ta!” John replied, nodding to the bartender in thanks, as he maneuvered his way out of the enclosed space. A new wave of tourists was already pouring into the lobby.
’ - she pretend gestured the quotation marks - 'didn’t go in for that sort of thing?!' but then you don't, do you -"
The wait staff was pleasant and he could tell they wanted to be accommodating, but they were clearly busy tonight. Must be a holiday or something? ... and then it hit John.
Half term is here! John’s bags have been packed since the night before. Sherlock’s stuff is still strewn all over the room ...
He laughed at her enthusiasm. As they shoveled sweet and sour pork into their faces and talked strategy, and placement of key targets for their assassin, and plotted options …
John looked down at his hands in Sherlock’s hair, one on Sherlock’s arse … with some surprise. Sherlock looked down at one hand clutched in John’s jumper, straining at the threads with his titan grip as if he had been pulling him in closer (which he had) - the other on John’s neck, fingers splayed up into John’s golden hair … and they just … dove right back in for another kissing session. Not wanting to interrupt this fantastic moment.
Sherlock took John’s hand in his. Squeezed it, and kissed him - chastely - on the cheek before hoping back into the kitchen. Being sure to send a note with the dinner that arrived, mouthwatering delicious, and steaming, before John’s eyes.
John was hanging on his every word ... appreciating the show for what it was. Sherlock clearly appreciating a captive audience ...
Sherlock took in a deep breath. Opening his mouth to say it clearly. What he had really wanted to offer:
She pulled him into a great big hug, rubbing his back like a child, and ushered him immediately into her sanctum to recuperate. Her kitchen smelled of scones and tea.
Harry protested the insult to her character, as their hands both held on to the planchette and felt it move again. “You’re pushing it!” she charged.
Being sure to look left, right, and center in a touristy fashion, every now and again - so that the man in front of him would not feel the scrutiny of eyes boring in his back and turn to accost him. Which he felt certain this one would do if his hackles were raised …
They were interrupted from John having to answer, by a cough. Sherlock sat up straight, absolutely staring DAGGERS at the waiter as he came up behind John.
He kept waiting for the day, when Sherlock would get bored of him. The man had an insatiable appetite for new experiences. A dangerous craving for an adrenaline rush. A rapacious way of devouring knowledge. Going so far as to test the limits of scientific experiments, with chemistry and even the occasional drug (Watson had safely warned him off a few of those, by sharing his own personal experience in full detail). But he knew it was inevitable
for you to kiss me, mister cheekbones,” he tilted his head at that and brought their mouths crashing together.
Sherlock recognized it clearly now. And swore at himself for not catching the warning signs sooner ...
The man stepped a bit closer to John. A reassuring movement. As if joining John’s side against this imposter sitting across from them and said,
The realization had come rather shortly upon meeting Sherlock. It surprised him, just as much as it had surprised everyone Sherlock knew
John immediately hid his mobile screen and schooled his face, “what? Oh, nothing. Just … you know … Mary! Teasing me about girls. Stag night and all …”
The gondola at last pulled up to the hotel, and docked. Depositing them on the doorstep of a much finer establishment then John had been privy to. John was staring up at it in awe, taking Sherlock’s hand to disembark.
But Watson was not making eye contact. Stoically bearing the weight of what was happening all around them.
He made a whistling sound, "Of course he did!" alerting Sherlock to the level of awe he had inspired in John with this revelation.
John quickly dug the charger out of his pocket, holding the blunt end of it up to the man’s back, like the end of a gun barrel - and turned the bully to face his companion, now getting up from the ground, rubbing his elbow.
The ticket to Venice has been a bargain at this time of year. The plane had been comfortable. The day was clear and sunny.
Nat listened attentively. Following along with ease and asking a few pertinent questions along the way to show that she tracked, and was listening … but she seemed overall dissatisfied with
He wasn't sure of his success. But he knew that John would at least think on it. And thinking on it, would buy him some time either way …
He felt himself inclining his head towards Sherlock - closer - asking as he did so, "May I?" to his own surprise. His eyes still trained on Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock turned his face closer - as it dawned on him, just what John was asking. He had been staring down at John’s mouth also - and then - he willingly brought their lips together in agreement.
Mike seemed to reboot fast enough, stammering out, "Old friend of mine - John Watson." He flourished a hand in John’s direction.
“Hello. Fine. You aren’t who I called for, but you’ll do. Anyway, doesn’t matter,” the man was speaking so quick and biting off each word, John could hardly keep up - and hang on! ...
John felt time itself slow and pulse with his own heartbeat. Thump Thump ... Thump Thump ... Thump Thump …
He stepped up and offered his hand in greeting this time. Only regretting that he had not taken his glove off first to do so ...
Sherlock walked with as much confidence as he had ever worn. Today was the biggest triumph of his life. He was allowed a little swagger ...
"I know you've got a brother who's worried about you, but you won't go to him for help - possibly because you don’t approve of his drinking - or more likely because he’s just walked out on his wife;"
Since this was a really long one!!!! I have uploaded one chapter, the next recording will be several again. Just a heads up!!
John felt disgusted with people. That anyone could do that? That anyone could just ... leave someone … ? Knowingly? In that kind of limbo ...
John came up behind him and wrapped his arms around his middle. Snuggling him tight for a moment. When something caught his eye …
"Got my eye on a nice little place in central London," he let the words roll off. No hint of rehearsal about them. He had, in fact, been moved in for weeks now, "together we ought to be able to afford it!" He had absolutely no need for help in affording it, but in that moment he was willing to empty his bank account should he be required to provide proof!
.” He was looking up at Sherlock, trying to gauge how much of this Sherlock was taking in. How deep he was listening. He forged ahead … “All I need to know, for now is … you’re here. You’re …” he sounded as incredulous as he truly was … “you’re alive?! And I have to be content with that. I couldn’t stay away,
? Sherlock looked up then, with an expression of ... ? If John had to quantify it ... he would have to call it his ‘Winning The Game’ face.
The man sat up straight. Kicking his shoes back and relieving John by redistributing his weight firmly across all
“Sherlock …” he paused, searching for the right words, and putting his hand on top of Sherlock’s where it rested on the table … “ I don’t know why you did it ... or - for that matter - how?? … you bloody managed it … but …  you’re alive! You’re breathing! And I …” John was really trying not to get emotional. Not here. Not in public … “I don’t need to know
“But I thought you …?” Sherlock was confused, taking John’s hand to lift him from the wall, and stepping back.
and John's heart skipped a few beats as he silently nodded once more, grateful for the invitation, and followed …
Sherlock must have seen something else as well, in the look he gave - for he simply nodded - and then he ducked down and was kissing John. Tilting his head back and pressing into the shorter man, caught here by surprise. John found himself on tiptoe, and leaning into Sherlock as they kissed. His arms coming up to grab at the soft silk of his robe. Then reaching up and knitting his hands into Sherlock's curly, damp hair, as they continued to kiss. Deeper. Needier ... Their hands meeting midair, and fumbling. Interlacing fingers, as Sherlock's own arms met John's above his head and held him there. Then Sherlock brought both arms down and wrapped them around behind John. Pinning him by the sink. Pressing into every curve.
“Are you hurt?” John asked. Shifting into Doctor mode. Worried that the shock was a signal of something far worse … He pulled Sherlock over towards light afforded by the shop. Leaning Sherlock up against the wall. And checked his vital points for wounds, punctures? Anything …
How they had managed to smoke out the beast, was a puzzle to John. But Sherlock had figured it out. Sherlock always figured it out. In the end, it had only taken two days … three … if you counted their first night together.
He dried his curls into something more manageable and dropped a touch of scent onto his wrists and neck, before making his way casually back into the kitchen. Leaning on the doorframe. His silk robe tied loosely around his waist. Ready for the first time in his life, to offer ...
Stepping up to that door, empty handed. Until his hand was on the door handle. And it was shaking uncontrollably from the exertion and exhaustion he had been through, as he went to push it open ...
He had had this dream so many times now. Sherlock falling and disappearing mid-fall. Dissolving into ashes. Sherlock re-appearing sometimes, also mid-fall, just to crash in front of John's horrified eyes. Harder sometimes. Just pieces left of him others ... always ruined. Always lifeless. Always lost. And John always woke up screaming. Or trying to ...
Coffee was followed up with a light dessert. Again arriving before John could open his mouth to ask for the menu. A lovely tiramisu that tasted sinful and made him really wish he was here with a date. At that, he felt the misgivings in his mind as a certain ghost rewarded him with remarks:
"Jesus, Sherlock!" John was desperate, slapping Sherlock's hands away as he tried to reach out to him. Choking back a sob. As Sherlock continued relentlessly, John found himself rocking back against the counter and hugging his own arms close. Knowing this was just Sherlock's curiosity and it could not be stemmed ...
John nodded. Glad he could still conduct light for someone. Watching as the light filtered back in as if through a lens. And Nat was firing on all cylinders again.
Into the smile lines that Sherlock knew would etch themselves permanently onto their faces over time. A permanent symbol of their shared life together. He could hardly wait for the day ...
"Fifty-eight times, John Watson asked me questions about you," she grinned, "when you boys were living here."
John Watson set his shoulders and would not allow himself to show defeat. If his sacrifice would mean that at least Sherlock would get out of this alive, then it had been worth it. He could endure it.
John tried to let it slide. Let it not bore a thought into his mind, where he knew he’d never rid himself of it.
Nestled somewhere in-between ‘practical and dangerous’; and ‘functionally useless but god-damn-if-i-don’t-need-it-to-breath’; should be a ‘
Listening to the squeaks and sounds, creaks and groans, of a building older than his grandma. For some reason, a Cake song popped into his head, ‘It’s been a Long Time’ and he began humming out the tune as he stared at the starry, painted ceiling. The full moon coming in through the window and staring at him.
Sherlock appeared while John was daydreaming. He sat down on the other end of John’s reserved booth and made his way over surreptitiously. John watched him with the light dancing in his eyes.
Sherlock had not made another appearance during the whole half hour he sat eating, watching, eating, and thinking. It was odd really. Because, if asked - his thoughts had been turning around again and again - to Sherlock. They always did. He felt homesick. He felt nostalgic. He felt happy. For the first time in ...  ever. He knew it wouldn't last. It was a fleeting feeling. Something to cross his palate and be enjoyed, before he had to once again swallow the pain.
. That Sherlock could cause a miracle to happen. And come get him out. Take him home. Brush him off. Check him for wounds.
you do these things … I just …” he was sounding frustrated, and rushed, and like the words couldn’t catch up with his racing thoughts … “can’t you understand that ordinary people don’t read thoughts? Like you? We’re just … just …”
John wandered the now half-empty streets of London. The pamphlets that swirled in eddies around the corner as he walked, all showed images of Thanos. Thanos. Thanos. Some were revering him as a god. Praising his decisiveness and action. Praising his ability to save the planet from its own destructive ways! Others - rightly so - posited that his act was purely selfish. A hazing mentality.
“If it’s not you … and it’s not me? Then it’s the spirits!” Harry’s eyes were bright and full of mirth as she watched John taking his careful notes. Her little brother was adorable, if a bit stupid for being eleven. It was a forgivable crime she supposed. But that didn’t mean she couldn’t make him pay for it …
- IDIOT! - He leaned back into the room. John's head coming up again to greet him. As if on a string. He hadn't gone too far then ...
… you to do … has been to help others. To fix and to save. Not to hurt. That. THAT … “ he pointed out, “is the BIG difference, Sherlock. And it is an important distinction.”
A twinge of homesickness hit John, as he remembered this being one of his mum’s favorite dishes also.
"Jesus," he whispered, covering the phone away from his ear as Mary carried on ...  He was treated to a full repeat of the instructions he’d already been given TWICE today! And she seriously couldn't even trust him to get his own cab??
John laughed then. In disbelief, after they pulled apart to breathe. And Sherlock took a step back. Back to the position he had been standing in a few moments before, as Flatmate. As Friend.
Sherlock pulled John further into the room by his hand. Still held. John was not going to be letting it go, if Sherlock wasn’t …
Mike hesitated a moment, thinking about warning Sherlock off of the whole endeavor ... He didn't want Sherlock to get his hopes too high?
That the Avengers - the billionaire, genius, playboy, philanthropist, Tony Stark - might have a solution! A way to bring everyone back!
The look on Sherlock's face, would be forever fixed in his memory. Alongside the laughs. The smiles. The rapture. The enlightenment. The aha. The scintillating. The austere. The bored. The petty. The fierce. The chagrin. The hyperfixated. Now there was a new look to catalogue:
He kissed the top of John’s head. Holding him close. Squeezing him in. Wanting to wrap the soldier in all of the love he had had to hold back for weeks now! How it had taken the strength of Hercules to resist day after day, watching his soldier from afar ... and now he didn't have to!
"Know so," John picked up his water. Drank the rest as if the week might run dry and sat up. "So!" he slapped his knee, "when do we get to try what you've made tonight?"
than a little drunk! The laughter rumbled and spilled over to something uncontrollable, until he was holding his side - and suddenly his ale - to keep it from sloshing all over him. Before he was able to get himself under control ...
"If you didn't WANT ME - why did you … ?!!!" He shut his mouth, cutting off the rest. He couldn't say it.
He decided to ask the obvious then, after they had circled back around to the subject of Sherlock. “Why do you think this Dr. Strange sent you here? Hmm? Did he want Sherlock’s help in resolving something? Some kind of a mystery?”
“No doubt, “ Sherlock tried to reassure John now, “he would have tried it on anyway - who wouldn’t?” His eyes dancing with John's. Quietly stealing John's breath away ... like he was the handsomest temptation Sherlock had ever seen …
“Because John, he wanted to win. And as long as he was alive, he could still potentially call them off … So …” he spun around shrugging as he did so. Like it was a given. The solution. One had to shoot oneself …
Sherlock could hear the rustle of cloth even as Mike was apologizing, and forced his face to remain impassive against the grin that threatened to pull across his features ...
Sherlock’s other hand slipped out from underneath where it lay, and he used two fingers to press on John's pulse point. Between the radius and ulna - he noted, medically -
of nights with her lips on his, and her hips on his, and his clothes falling to the floor once again when he said he wouldn’t  …
But no, Sherlock would never read that one. Because that one was all imagination. And Sherlock was a man of facts and figures. Not love and lust. John smiled at that thought. The thought that he could outwit Sherlock, with his own twin. A secret paramour he had never asked for. Who had come when called. When Sherlock himself, would no longer.
Before Lestrade closed the door on the patrol car, he looked up to see John watching them. The raw emotion of how much pleasure this sight alone was giving him, written all over his face.
He had needed something to do. To occupy his time now. Outside of strict working hours. Not that he needed to work now. And not that he was being any more reliable at the surgery.
“Can you read this out loud to me?” He asked, feeling incredibly stupid, but … it was better than doubting his own mind …
A note came back almost immediately, as John was digging in. He nearly had the entire dish polished off.
to see what this reclusive, wounded lion would be like when the full roaring BEAST came out from where it lie dormant within.
He signed the letter ‘Sherlock Holmes’ - after all, the writer had still assumed Sherlock was around - and went to bed at last. Ready to mail it off in the morning.
Probably rolling up his silk sleeves, and staging himself strategically. Somewhere, where he could get the best lighting on his curls within the lab. Wherever that was? He was certain Sherlock would know ...
He thought, as he shoved open the doors to leave. But then changed his mind and tromped right back in ...
"I'll make sure to get his attention and keep it. Get him talking ..." Mike replied, somewhat in awe of the expression on Sherlock's face, as the mask slipped back on, and careful calculations began anew, " ... what then?"
John sighed as he was nestled back into the waiting boat, carefully. As if he was breakable. About to ask if they knew his hotel by name - ? Dwelling on that word again with contempt as it circled in his mind.
"I thought I'd seen every expression on your face ... until I saw how you looked at John Watson," she acknowledged.
The case had been dull. Barely a three, really ... Sherlock wasn't entirely sure why he had taken it in the first place. But he was bored. And he knew he needed something to do when he was bored.
On formal stationary, writing in as elegant handwriting as he could muster … he responded with his answer.
John grinned from ear to ear. Seeing the softness in Sherlock’s eyes before him … such openness to ask for such a silly thing, had cost him dearly … he could tell. And he had never heard anything so beautiful in his whole damn life.
Sherlock’s eye dashed back to the handsome stranger … to see him deflate. Eyes downcast again. A short nod. A military-like turn … and … he carried on.
His mind still mocked him with Sherlock's voice on occasion. And John reluctantly welcomed and engaged with it at each and every opportunity. If he didn’t, he was afraid - it too, would leave him.
"No, thank you. I can't imagine needing anything else for a while." he leaned back and enjoyed a few sips before digging in.
“Oof! You recall, that man on the telly that seemed to upset you? Weather man?” She laughed heartily, ‘Told him all about the lightning storm - how you
"Ta!" John said then, again releasing the lad to his other duties, "and could I have a ... ?" He went to order a whiskey and soda; but found that the boy was already turning around with one in his hands to place on the table. Brought to him from another lad at the bar.
He ordered the Filet Mignon and sat quietly enjoying his dinner when it arrived. It was truly remarkable. Not quite what he wanted, some home cooked fare...  But he had had enough remarks back and forth in his head tonight. And this was nice.
“Sherlock? Holmes? Did you say?” The man asked after a few fruitless minutes. John knew not to be too disappointed … “the detective?”
John sobered himself up and politely ignored any further dialogue or snide remarks from Sherlock. It felt humiliating to be called by a name that was not his own. Now he knew what all those girlfriends had felt like ...
And Sherlock - he could tell - had been ... so afraid to let that mask slip! Afraid also, more curious still, that the knowledge would make John Watson like him less. Or even, heaven forbid ... leave him.
A miserable bedsit? And army pension to live off of? One could hardly expect him to settle down in a
An impressive looking redhead in a black tight leather bodysuit came strolling in like she lived here ...
John's fingers flew over the keys in reply, eager to engage and keep him talking! Never so intent on holding his own in a conversation in his entire life:
He tried again to collect himself, before turning his face to be visible by Sherlock again. Lips tight. His other hand a fist on the railing.
"I like to play the violin while I'm thinking," he expressed. Making sure to show his long neck as he stretched to reach something, "sometimes I don't talk for days on end - would that bother you?" He carefully turned now, smiling - a tight smile - as if
"John," Sherlock's voice had become soft. John's head whipped up. And he eyed Sherlock with that flame of anger as if about to consume him. Sherlock though, wasn't mocking him. Sherlock was watching him intently.
"Where were you last year, when I needed you??" He accused. "Where were you months ago? Or how about weeks ago - when I stumbled out of this restaurant after embarrassing myself? Valentine's night? Huh?!! Have you been here all along? Puttering about London? ...
The way the soldier now leaned more heavily on his cane, despite the fact that his frame was now lighter -
He handed the Nokia flip phone to John. And John held it. Feeling the weight and solidity of the old piece of tech in his hands. So familiar, and yet so foreign …
John covered his face with the crook of his arm and tried to keep himself silent as he let it all out.
Sherlock appeared unharmed in his vision a moment later, when the woman was down. He hadn't realized that he had closed his eyes when taking the shot. And then he caught another look at Sherlock's face. Still fixed. On him.
... John's laptop open on the table, displaying Sherlock's hair analysis from the previous case. Work they had been doing together yesterday morning ...
John begins to get a handle on his new life at Doyle House, and even learn a bit about Sherlock the enigma.
John felt sorry for the staff that would have to deal with the mawing gap in his wake … but … well ...
John had laughed it off, making more excuses again, feeling defensive. Reminding Harry that she was ‘the best thing that had ever happened to him’ …  even as the line went static with awkward silence a few moments later … He swallowed. Not sure what else to share or say?
Sherlock really was a mystery, but if this was that important to him? Mike wouldn’t let him down. "And you just want me to bring him back up here? Talk with you? That's it?"
As he stumbled out of the current ride to land smack dab in the middle of a giant puddle - he let out a curse. His trousers soaked right through.
He breathed in so deep, to steady himself. As he felt the tears well up behind the corners of his eyes. The relief. The fucking
Conspiring together, no doubt, about how they could further torture the wedding party with minutae … How far
John took in a deep breath. Sherlock clearly coming to the same realization, as the man before him … The momentousness of this occasion. They could finally go back home!
John took in a couple of shaking breaths, mind cataloguing all of the differences in this Sherlock, from the one who he had just narrowly escaped being blindsided by ...  and then felt himself starting … to laugh.
Sherlock seemed to contemplate this ... within the parameters of John's previous statements - dinner for two, going out with each other to have fun ...? They did that every night before the fall ... Sherlock's brain was taking up too much time and not allowing him enough focus on kissing. So John made it stop.
Sherlock fiddled with his own hands. His fingers nervously knotting and wringing. He decided on playing with his sleeve cuff, and twisted at a loose thread there … instead.
Sherlock seemed genuinely surprised by John’s admission. And looked up at John as if he had given him much more than this battered old flip phone with a cracked screen.
Sherlock. And John was bound to come running. For Sherlock. So the trap had been set for him as well.
“Seriously though, Sherlock …” Mike continued - the thought that had been bouncing around in his mind since this whole hairbrained scheme had been suggested to him - was now coming to the forefront. He just had to know before he went! “I wouldn’t have taken you for the whole ‘love at first sight’ ... kind of … thing? … you know?”
Sherlock is dealing with his demons, and the possibility he could mess up this chance that he finally has ... a real ... friend?
The giggles turned into a low rumbling chuckle as he imagined the genius with the velvety voice - now having a yellow painted smiley face ... instead of a very 3D human one.
John woke up on a settee in the hotel lobby next door. A kind looking lady was staring down at him. "There we are! How are you feeling, Dr. Watson?" she was plastering his hand - had he cut it, somehow? And then taking his pulse, "back into normal ranges, I see. Glad of that! I think you had an attack back there. Stress induced. Are you feeling okay now?" She was looking at his eyes for dilation levels, waiting - he realized - rather anxiously to see how verbose he would be. How lucid. Ah. He might have had a stroke for all she knows? Better put her mind to rest then ...
John had forgotten how brilliant they were. How they changed with Sherlock’s surroundings. With his attire. With his mood.
Her hands swirling and twirling around the crystal ball. Muttering something unintelligible like an ancient spell. And then her eyes rolled back in her head and her voice had shifted to a deep, low rumble as she muttered, “something’s coming to me! I’m … I’m getting a name!!”
?” John’s hands were simultaneously willing Sherlock to stay put - and reaching out for the waiter as if grasping for some hold on reality, “is going on here?”
They had spent so much time together, been so engrossed in the web of deceit and trickery that was Jim Moriarty - that neither of them had seen the writing on the wall. The crime that now placed John behind bars.
She let go like one would of a feral cat, and bounced back away to the other side of the little table, picking up his teacup from where it sat now empty, and going to refill it.
Sherlock made a sound that was not entirely decent. Before giving as good as he got, "because, I need to make sure London knows you are off the market!"
Meanwhile John was standing there, arm outstretched. Looking rather self-conscious as Sherlock approached and loomed over him to accept the device.
Asking for John's inclusion again … bringing him in, the two of them on the same side, "I would take it rather kindly if you would impersonate somebody with a bit fewer brain cells next time?”
That done, he stepped back into the living room to allow her further space, and chose his timing carefully in offering a few suggestions. If her goal was to track and capture whoever this ‘Clint’ was, maybe they should be looking at major crime syndicate locations? What was next on the map? What had not yet been hit?
I'm going to be changing up the format of our postings from here on out. Posting 1 chapter at a time. As it is much easier to edit for my software - and much less likely that i will have to re-record an entire 3 hour stretch if something goes wrong with the recording or the software end, or BOTH!
Because peppered in, were happy memories of John. And happy memories of John thinking about Sherlock,
The silence was calm. Breathing in the night air, windows down. Lights streaming by and glancing off of the cab, like a mirror on a spinning carousel.
It had felt good to write something out on paper. Even if he had disguised his answer for Sherlock’s. He wondered what would pour out if he decided to put the keyboard beneath his fingers again, and let flow a conscious stream of thought?
She winked, "He asked me how much, the reptile! Like I would be bought off!" She placed a plate of scones on the table and then went to the stove to pick up the whistling kettle. "Sherlock was one-in-a-million, I told him, you can't replace that with currency. I should know, my Frank tried!"
John's tongue licked out in greeting then, and Sherlock was opening his mouth to him. Just as he had opened his home ...
“Now what are you gawping at?” Mike had wandered back over, eyeing John with a look of ‘do tell?!” as if he expected some salacious secret to be revealed.
He took a short breath, and continued … “There is one shot at this, John. If we miss anything … “ Sherlock swallowed. The thought was untenable, John could tell.
Sherlock growled, his voice deep and rumbling through John’s sternum and pelvis as he shifted to bring his point home. “In that case, DOCTOR ... I could
The waiter sighed, as if eternally bored, “I believe you meant to use the expression ‘when he fires your ass’ - a hideous euphemism in either context - but believe me, you will not be seeing any
His hand reflexively went for the small of her back as he guided her through the restaurant towards their table, following the waiter. Though he already knew where it would be. In the corner. Almost dark. By the kitchen. And thought to himself ...
He continued after a moment, “should I fail to comply with any suicide plans … Moriarty had some ...
Mike just made a ‘well-there-you-have-it!’ look in response. Opening the window between them and finally giving the driver their directions.
You boys have changed so much since I first met you. Sherlock the most. But then, I’ve known him the longest. And I want to remind you both of some very important things before I go, just in case you may need to look back and be reminded, every now and again:
“Yes! That’s right! Sherlock Holmes. Do you know him? Is he staying here?” John felt a bit like a school girl about to meet her crush, and wondered if this man could tell how desperately he wanted to hear the affirmative …
John trailed off looking over the menu handed to him. A slight flush on his cheeks now. God, he must have looked like a complete nutter there. Just sitting with a Cheshire cat grin at nothing. Nothing?
So - two more chapters have already been recorded and I am currently working on editing those - to get them online ASAP!! I'm still so bummed I couldn't get this posted ahead of the juxta bot on twitter!! It's honestly stressing me out!! AHHHHHHH!
He closed his eyes. Chopping the bow across the strings. Letting the energy sing from his fingertips. Speaking words which no language was needed to define. Out into the open space that surrounded them.
He smiled and listened politely as she talked about scented oils and naturopathy. She probably had a cute place. Lavender and eucalyptus hanging from the rafters. A bit of Scarborough Fair on the record player ... there would be a string of lights. And a tapestry or wall hanging somewhere near the bed. No bed frame. Lots of pillows. Soft.
human I am feeling right now?” Sherlock asked through a guarded expression, hurt and anger and longing and desperation and
When he realized she wasn’t leaving …  he did what every Englishman does, when faced with something awkward; “Care for some tea?” he asked, resigned; sighing a little and moving towards the kitchen to turn the kettle on, not really
His head was bobbing up and down, left and right as he tried to get a good view out the window to the dark garden area. Then decided -
Sherlock had come home to the EMT’s leaving, and John put a hand on his shoulder and pulled  him in for a long embrace. They stood silently staring at the leaving emergency vehicles. This time, not taking away a victim or handling any crime. Just the softest, sweetest lady that had ever lived or breathed in their world …
As they stood on the street curb waiting - Mike finally managing to wave down a sleek black vehicle - John decided to answer Mike’s earlier questions.
, had he been so happy to hear it. It was like a term of endearment when it came from Sherlock's lips.
John made sure that his internal conversation neither made its way to his actual vocal chords or to his face.
John wondered if she reminded him more of Harry in moments like this, than of Sherlock? Sherlock had not really been privy to the small anger that seemed to be bottled up inside of this woman …  But he decided that the cat-likeness swung all in favour of her being more like Sherlock, every time.
pair. No one would blink twice at their being seen together. No one would hint that the other had married up - or must have a 'winning personality'.
with your people skills …” he shook his head, as if it was going to be his longsuffering fate to have to endure this future ..., “didn't give me much to go on back there at the restaurant, did you?"
John laughed despite himself then, “I suppose so. The mystery of why half the world just disappeared?” His eyebrows raised, and he shook his own head at his own idiocy, “I get it. Sorry you’re stuck with just me here, then.” John offered her a rueful smile by way of apology. Knowing he would hardly be of much help.
John set down his cup and illuminated the topic for her, so far as he had been able to gather. All of the collected data from his repeated regurgitation of the subject matter; including his chemical understanding on the nature of ash; his medical opinion from having had multiple conversations so far with noted worthies in the field with which - he realized with some surprise - had had actually held his own.
He patted the cold stone as he made his goodbyes for today. His customary, "don't be dead," slipping from his lips as he went.
At one time, John had thought he had loved her. All the ways she had impressed him. She was. Impressive. And John had felt like a wilted leaf, standing next to such a rare flower. They were two of a kind. Her - and - Him. The kind that would make
"John?" Sherlock tried again, truly worried this time. Crouching down in front of John and extending his hand to help John back up.
Sherlock’s senses were on overload, but he needed to let it all in. To count it all up and see what the tally would be …
It reminded John of Baskerville, with another small grin. He had found himself smiling more today than he expected. With his Sherlock mirror sitting there - blonde, and curved, and as un-Sherlock-like as they came, sitting across from him in Sherlock’s chair …
Sherlock dropped the phone and took that last step off of the ledge. Arms outstretched. Like he was flying ...
Sherlock doesn’t love you because you’re a lovely doctor, and a crack shot. Though you are all that and witty, to boot! He doesn’t love you because you’ve saved his life more times than that boy can count to. He probably scrubbed half his maths from his memory. He loves you because you are you. Broken bits and all. He never even has to ask you to change. And he never
And so, he managed to rasp through a deepening voice, husky with emotion, “where do we go from here?”
were not something the genius had many of, the way Sherlock had spoken. There were clearly one or two, but all seemed very much
John could feel every single point of contact where their bodies were meeting. Arms, hands, wrists, knees. Fire at the touch. Radiating energy. As if they would ignite. It was sensory overload. And yet he needed more …
He already knew - the moment he saw Sherlock again, and felt all of the old feelings come back more intensely than when he left them on the shelf - what he himself wanted. What he had
If he squinted in the right light, he could almost imagine he saw Sherlock there. Holding his violin. Playing a sad, beautiful tune ... the way he
They held each other there for a moment. Sherlock's lips were just a hair's breadth away from his neck now. Panting as they had broken away from the kiss. The hot air caressed his face and reached down the collar of his jumper. Making him shiver.
"Thank you, yes. I am better. Doctor - uh?" John asked with genuine gratitude, "lots of stress this week I'm afraid. Long hours. All that. Guess I overdid it tonight. So much … uh ... food … yeah, so - I'm fine. Thank you. All fine." He went to sit up and felt his head pounding a bit. He slouched back down promptly and then decided to flat out lay on his back for a few.
Stroking John's cheek just below his eyelash. And John thought he heard, a soft intake of air as Sherlock felt the tear touch his fingertips. His lips parting as he examined it. Like a robot confused.
Like he knew that some customs must be observed, but hadn’t quite figured out the where’s and the why’s?
"You said, ‘A bit mean springing it on you like that. Could have given you a heart attack. But in my defense, it was
John stared at the cooling black coffee in his hands, reflecting on that night. The paste-colored ceramic mug was cold under his fingers. The aluminum and Bakelite table was even colder.
Sherlock gave John all of the room he needed. Keeping a few wandering pedestrians from getting near them even, in his kindness.
Sherlock glanced his annoyance briefly at Mike. Standing up and walking over to John to accept the outstretched mobile.
John struggled up to try and remove his jumper. Sherlock misunderstood and tried to pull him back in.
He followed an errand boy with a package of some kind through the next doorway, a long narrow hallway greeting him. Finally free of the din and ruckus behind. He hadn’t realized how much his head was splitting …
“You knitted us together, always loving life, always wise, always wickedly funny, and always kind. Bye-bye you darling lady. You will always be in our hearts.” - Sue Vertue
"How long have I been in here?" he was asking as he gathered his jacket that had been laid out next to him. Wallet. Keys. Watch. All in the pockets. Intact. He breathed a sigh of relief.
He almost wanted to ask Mike to read it. To make sure he wasn't seeing things ... but he didn't want to share this.
Sherlock looked up sharply at that, "and what did you say?" he asked, almost holding his breath - afraid to hear the answer …"in reply? to ... to him?"
shoot your friend here …” John snarled menacingly, and the thief could see the real danger lurking behind his eyes. A steel that would not bend or break. An appropriate level of fear and awe crossed his face as he met John’s unflinching gaze … and transferred it to his bigger companion, before he fled.
He could no longer picture a girlfriend as a permanent thing. Nothing would be anymore. Nothing could be. He himself might float away at any moment. Life was ... fleeting. Transient now.
And she sighed and gave up, “people are saying you got cold feet and left! Do NOT embarrass me like that, again!”
He could feel John smile against his chest. And then he looked up at him. Serious again. Thanking him.
“Intuitions are not to be ignored, Mike. They represent data processed far too fast for the conscious mind to comprehend. What we call 'Love at first sight' is simply a complex series of calculations our brain has processed based on the chemical, auditory, visual, and olfactory senses it has taken in. All dissected by our subconscious mind and tallied as a good fit
"You came," Sherlock spoke softly. His deep baritone voice striking a chord that felt familiar. Welcoming. As John was reading their texts again.
To stop the careening bullet, that was now rushing towards it's intended target. And bound to hit with full deadly force upon arrival. DOA. Intent to kill. Premeditated. Murder.
It was Sherlock’s turn to look embarrassed, and John found him staring at their shoes, as he tried to apologize, “which is fine! By the way! Probably gets better reception than these … stupid …” he fumbled with putting away his own paperweight device, and thanked Sherlock by nodding a “ta.” John looked up at Sherlock. Reality meeting his gaze …
visible from either path, had to go looking for it. Can’t guarantee it will be there tomorrow if someone knows I've found it? I left some footprints in afraid, but I ...
this Doctor Strange had sent her to him? But it seemed a ridiculous question, and so he kept it to himself.
They were soldiers. And she had forgotten that for a moment. At Baker Street. John simply reminded her.
She had been receiving texts and updates regularly during her visits. They interrupted at the oddest hours. Not unlike Lestrade used to. Mostly calls from someone named Sam.
John did a double take and scowled at her. "No charge?" he said, "what do you mean no charge? I had a bill. I had a meal. Shepherd's pie. Whiskey. Tiramisu. Coffee?!" he stated, voice raising. Getting angry now.
Anderson. Sally. Their vapid warnings. Instead of turning John away from him, they seemed to have been setting fuel to the fire that was burning between them. It had lit something against bullies in John. Protective. Fierce.
“You didn’t seem to mind the concept of living with a violinist, back at the lab ...?” he eyed John with one eyebrow raised. Teasing him, “mind it
They always looked so soft, never chapped. John wondered if Sherlock wore chapstick? He had never seen him use it. Never seen it stashed about the flat. What would it taste like? Cherry? Mint? The curve of his cupid's bow was level with John's eyes. John licked his lips. His pupils dilated. He could hear his own breathing in his ears, so loud. Hear the thump thumping of his own racing pulse. He held very still. Being this close to Sherlock was like a drug ... and he could not risk the high.
John let out a breath and nodded. “That’s good. Having only recently been contracted to you. Well it’s a bit much.” He blushed and then quickly added, “Not that I’d never be interested - just -”
Sherlock blushed. Actually blushed under everyone’s gaze. John sat back and raised his eyebrows at him in question. In one fluid motion, Sherlock lay down on his stomach across John’s lap.  John took a moment to take in the image of his lover like this, lithe and flushed and oh so hard, a hardness that he could easily feel digging into his thigh. The dark pants and shirt are a stark contrast to his pale skin.
“Now, this next volunteer is a special one.” The crowd hushes as John steps forward. He’s wearing a black tuxedo and smiles a bit shyly at the audience. “May I present to you Dr. John Watson. This is no ordinary doctor, ladies and gentlemen, this doctor was, not long ago, a Captain in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. That’s right, ladies, you’re looking the genuine article – handsome, and he works well under pressure, and might I add that as a doctor, ladies, I’m sure he’s talented with his hands. As usual, you have 5 minutes to place the first bids.” The MC grins at the resulting twitter of laughter.
Around John, the second team rushed down the street and into the building. He grit his teeth, wanting desperately to run into the fray with them. But a glance at the medical backup group told him that he had a duty to them should the action move in their direction. The medical people were milling around an ambulance across the way, and John stood a bit apart from them. He carefully watched the warehouse where several well-armed policemen were stationed around the door.
“Shhh,” John  replied, brushing Sherlock’s curls out of his face. “We didn’t exactly plan it out. If you’re really uncomfortable, we can leave. But not a word from you, understood?”
“I don’t know what you hope to gain from this,” Sherlock muttered as the cab pulled up in front of Mycroft and Greg’s townhouse.
“Alright ladies and gentlemen, let’s see the initial bids for our handsome military man. Ohhhh, £2,000! Looks like you’re going to be popular tonight, Dr. Watson! Shall we see if we can that a bit higher, hmm?”
Smirking, Sherlock locks eyes with John and slowly eases the boxer briefs down, leaving him naked and bare before the Holmes brothers, who are still fully clothed. John blushes even as his cock jerks at the thought. As flatmates, he and Sherlock have seen each other undressed before. But never completely naked, and he suddenly wonders if Sherlock likes what he sees.
John ran the tip of his finger over Sherlock’s lips. “I know you can hurt me. But I don’t think that you will.” When Sherlock’s lips parted, he pushed the tip inside and grazed it against one of the sharp fangs. He didn’t wince when it sliced through his skin with little pressure.
John chose not to acknowledge the near slip-up. “Right,” he said with a swallow. “Ok. Are you sure that it’s healing? It still burns. A lot.”
“Yes, it’s a stupidly simple mark. A claim if you will. For that I would merely have needed to mark you with my blood in front of the Registrar. Rather…elementary,” Sherlock said dismissively. He ran one finger along the healing mark behind John’s left ear.
Stranger: "Terrified," Sherlock smiled into his skin, licking over his Adam's apple and down his chest. "Sensitive?" He asked, moving his fingers over John's nipples and playing with them. "They're cute. Like you."
Stranger: "Aren't you warm, then?" He asked curiously, stepping closer until he was a hair's width from John's body. He reached out and felt his throat, slipping his hand over his shoulder and arm.
John pulled back and looked him in the eyes. “You need to be bred by your alpha? You need this cock, hmm?”
A fine sheen of sweat covered Greg’s body and his fingers clenched around the ropes binding him to the bed. He groaned as Mycroft paused his smacks to his arse cheeks and placed hungry open-mouthed kisses to his inner thighs.
Sherlock glared at him, and John could very well imagine that this wasn’t so much Sherlock’s choice as Mycroft’s. Or perhaps Mummy’s.
Across Holmes Manor, Doctor John Hamish Watson fidgeted as his sister hummed around him like a hyperactive bee. “Harry. Harry! Stop, please…I look fine. More than fine. This tuxedo probably cost more than I make in a month…”
In preparation for mating, an omega’s body began producing lubrication. Substantial amounts of it if the medical texts were correct. He’d never seen it first hand, but he was aroused, and he thought that by now he should be leaking from his rectum.
The vampire licked down along his jawline and neck before biting into the tender flesh. He ignored John’s soft gasp of surprise and sucked languidly, drawing it out as John’s warm life flowed into his mouth. He pulled away and said a bit too calmly. “John, I require that you be undressed. I do not wish to tear the fabric.”
Stranger: Greg winced slightly, looking up at Mycroft guiltily, "I know. Sorry. I'll wear it, swear I will." Why he couldn't keep his mouth shut around Mycroft was absolutely beyond him, it was unfair really, that Mycroft could uncoil the truth from him so easily.
Mycroft smiled and carefully untied him, unwrapped his toned legs from the silk and rolled him under the blankets. He pressed himself up against Greg’s back and pulled him close. “Let it never be known outside of this room that I cuddle.”
“I – I would hope that – I mean we have been spending substantial amounts of time in each other’s company, and it would seem appropriate to further substantiate on these relations – I mean –“
“That is correct.” He sat back slowly, leveling John with his intense gaze. “It is never untaken lightly by one of our kind because of the long-term responsibility it entails.”
“Excellent. She will be pleased.” Alessandro turned to walk away. He paused as he passed by Sherlock, who was still holding John to his chest. “"Sai, cugino, se ho posseduto un animale domestico che puzzava così, non avrei mai lasciato il mio cazzo lasciare il suo culo.”
“Alessandro came at his mother’s behest. Victoire is, well, she’s very old. Very powerful. She has a large number of vampires, thralls, and humans under her control. And she hates not knowing things. That she sent a family member instead of mere minion means that she is very…concerned. She sent him to find out whether the rumor is true that I’ve finally chosen a mate.” He decidedly did not look at Greg as he said this last part.
“I can hear your thoughts from here,” Sherlock says, eyes still closed, hands together, the tips of his long fingers just barely touching his lips.
John glances sideways at Mycroft, who is resting one arm casually along the back of the love seat and contemplatively staring at the firelight .
The vampire’s grip on his cock was hard and their movements were taking on a desperate note. Mycroft began to pump Greg’s cock fast. He was close and he could feel that Greg was, too. He held Greg close to him and urged him on letting his own climax come to a head hard and fast.
“My blood. That is half of the reason for adding my own blood. It is temporarily accentuating your natural healing process. It won’t be as fast as my own natural healing abilities, but it will augment it for now.”
Sharp blue eyes looked into his own for a moment and then Sherlock nodded. “That is…acceptable.” He stood up and got dressed swiftly. “Sleep again, John. You need your strength.” He leaned over and reached out as if to caress John’s face and then stopped and walked out the door.
“Why would you even want to bid on John? You practically kidnap him weekly to spy on me anyway,” Sherlock mutters.
“Dr. Watson,” he said, shaking John’s hand, “Good luck. You’re in good hands. The Holmes’s are a good family to be associated with. And it appears that Mr. Holmes here will…take care of you.” He winked and John tried to smile back.
You: John groaned softly and arched his neck. "That you're this gorgeous is criminal....Should I be scared?"
John’s lips breathed open with a sigh and his hands gripped Sherlock’s arms. After a minute, one moved to Sherlock’s waist and he hummed as arousal bloomed in his belly.
Sherlock laughed lowly and moved to lap at another cut, and then another, until John’s chest was whole and healed. He slithered down John’s body until he was poised over John’s crotch. “May I?” he asked.
Mycroft chose not to answer. “And you, brother? He’s right, if crude and tactless. You shouldn’t allow John to wander around unclaimed. The heart of a warrior. And strong and loyal. He is too…tempting for our kind.”
“John, for all of their bluster and bite,” they both snorted, “vampires put themselves into vulnerable situations by taking on a donor to feed from repeatedly. Sherlock was right, a vampire biting a human and feeding from him, especially regularly, is a very private and personal thing. It forms a bond. The more he feeds from you, the more you’re a part of him. And if something were to happen to you, he could get hurt. Not to mention you could always simply deny him your blood. Sure he could force you, but I hear that when that happens it doesn’t taste as good and it causes complications.”
It's been a while and life has moved on, but I did finally finish this work! I hadn't really meant to finish this but the plot bunnies danced in my head until I did. So I hope you enjoy this. Cheers.
“Congratulations,” Sherlock said, allowing his voice to warm. “I am – I am happy for you, brother. I believe that he is a good match for you. Even if he is human.”
“No,” John said softly. “I want…you – to make me yours.” He pressed his lips to the vampire’s, swallowing his answering growl.
Sherlock had already begun to stalk off towards a black sedan that had appeared at the end of the alley.
Once naked, Sherlock joined John on the bed. He grasped John’s wrist and pushed his fingers in deeper, making the human gasp. “Only two fingers,” Sherlock growled. “I want to fuck you open.”
Mycroft stilled and then, after a moment, twisted around in Greg’s arms so that he could look him in his eyes. He searched Greg’s dark brown eyes, trying to guess at the man’s emotions: hope, love, fear, nervousness, longing are all warring with each other despite Greg’s obvious attempts to remain calm. He wasn’t practiced like Mycroft in this area.
The vampire carefully placed his sigil against the blood-covered flesh behind John’s ear, ignoring the feeling of the metal burning his own skin and concentrating on holding John still. John jerked a bit as the hot metal seared into his flesh. The pain was hot and sharp and he screwed his eyes shut tightly, but this his military instincts kicked in and he held himself rigid in Sherlock’s arms.
John frowned up at his master. He rarely thought of the vampire in such terms, but it occurred to him that perhaps Sherlock Holmes needed him to approve of and agree to this as much he needed to feel that John was safe. “O-ok,” he said. He licked his dry lips nervously. “What do I need to do?’
“Enough. Both of you,” Greg said firmly. “This fighting has to stop. You’re both acting like children.”
John took the invitation and let go of Sherlock’s hands so that he could run a finger between his spread legs. There was ample lubrication. His whole body shuddered in anticipation. “Do you know how slick you are right now, Sherlock?”
“Ah, good. He’s already told John. Sherlock informed me this afternoon that he plans to take John to the Blood Registry Office tomorrow to make an official claim on him.”
Stranger: "I do believe that there is a need to celebrate my solving of this case." Sherlock pushed John down until he was laying with his back to the mattress and Sherlock loomed over him. "But remember, John. I am also the criminal," he winked, leaning down to nip over his neck.
Behind him, Sherlock smiled. “Now rest. You’ll need your energy for later.” He pulled John to him and buried his face in the crook of his neck, falling asleep enveloped in the scent of John Watson.
Stranger: Sherlock swallowed thickly and nodded. "Yes, John." He sat up and spread the blonde's legs apart, then spit in his hand. He didn't have lube because sex before meeting John didn't interest him. He smiled down at him and moved his fingers in between John's legs. "Relax for me, John."
Stranger: Sherlock moaned, pulling out, only to press back in quickly. "You're so tight." He breathed. "Fucking mine."
Greg laughed. He leaned his head back on Mycroft’s shoulder, purposefully making his neck open and inviting.
Sherlock smiled. “Yes. I assure you he has been a willing donor for years. He is simply not open about the private facts of his life.”
Greg snorted. “Definitely not. So there will be some blood drinking and sex…” he paused and frowned. “Will, um, your mother be there for that bit?”
“Hmmm, careful what you wish for. After all of my years, I can be rather….creative.” He ran his hands up to pinch a nipple before he turned the shower off. “Come, I want to take you to our bed and start my plans to ravish every inch of you.”
“Enjoyable? Are you kidding me?” John asks. He reaches for his still-hard cock and is stopped by Mycroft.
At the first smack, John couldn’t help but notice that Sherlock jumped in his arms. His hand pressed tighter on Sherlock’s flat stomach, and he idly played with Sherlock’s long neck as they watched the scene play out before them.
“Yes. Always.” The vampire attached a black leather ring around the base of Greg’s cock and balls. He paused and then attached another cock ring to himself. Greg grinned, clearly loving the effect he had on him. Mycroft smacked his inner thigh. “Cheeky.”
Sherlock flicks his blue eyes to where John is answering some ridiculous question that the MC has just asked about his favorite program on the telly. Utterly ridiculous. On Sherlock really knows John. These people have never seen how John can just jump into a situation, willing to help a friend in need. Even Mycroft has never seen John wander into the kitchen first thing in the morning, hair ruffled, feet bare as he makes tea. John. Is. His.
“Thanks. I guess I needed that,” Greg said, noting that he’d drunk nearly half the bottle in one go.
In response, Sherlock moves his hand down to the base of their cocks, pressed deliciously pressed together. He pauses and then rubs back up until he can experimentally rub his thumb over the tips. They both groan.
John laughs. Sometimes his life is simply too bizarre to believe. Having Sherlock Holmes as a flatmate has been exciting, challenging, and sometimes maddening. John thinks that now he’ll have to the word ‘pleasurable’ add to that list. He sighs happily and meets turns to meet Sherlock’s eyes.
John groaned and took two long purposeful strides towards the bed. He climbed on top, hovering over his husband. His mate.
Sherlock sat with a smirk in a plush wing back chair and crossed his legs nonchalantly.  “Well, she does seem calmer than at your wedding.”
That is when Sherlock moves from his perch and swoops down on his flatmate, surprising him by sitting on the edge of John’s bed. He puts his hand on John’s knee over the blanket. John tenses but doesn’t move. He’s not wearing a shirt and, despite the fact that Sherlock has seen him shirtless before, he suddenly feels rather naked.
Mycroft rested his head on Greg’s chest, enjoying the simplicity of this moment. “Mm. Just sneak off out the back door and head to the Maldives now.”
A few minutes later, John walked into the kitchen. He blinked in surprise when he saw that there was a pot of tea already made. Sherlock never made tea. John glanced at the vampire, getting nothing but muttered mental notes that Sherlock voiced as he looked through the lens of a microscope, one hand making notes on a pad of paper.
Across the room, Mycroft was still lying over Greg’s lap. They both watched intently, Greg resting a hand on his upturned arse, a small smile playing on his lips.
Taking the smile as acquiescence, Sherlock smiles just a bit and reaches his hand out, boldly palming John through the blanket.
As the vampire leaned in, Greg tried to relax. He couldn’t quite forget that there were others watching them. He felt Mycroft maneuvering his hand and placing it over his Mycroft’s heart. It beat out strong and regular, and Greg smiled. But then he thought he could feel Mycroft touching him in a way that wasn’t physical, but he couldn’t quite describe it. He gasped softly, eyes widening at the feeling. Was this what Mycroft could feel from him? And then Mycroft was pulling away, but holding him upright as he swayed just a bit.
John looked over Sherlock’s shoulder. The sigil was a stylized lion, claws out and facing the left, with a book lying open over it. A single eye looked up from the center of the book. John smiled as he recognized what must be Sherlock’s nod to knowledge and observation. His personal sigil.
"Se il capo della famiglia Holmes ha finalmente scelto un compagno. E sembra che si ha. " He prowled towards Lestrade, but was stopped when Mycroft held up his umbrella as a barrier.
John hissed at the bite, loving the pain that swirled with pleasure and the tight feeling of Sherlock’s cock filling him. It was overwhelming and he moaned loudly, not caring who might hear. “Please….Sherlock please!”
Sherlock put away his violin and watched John intently. “It’s called reses. It enables a vampire to immobilize someone temporarily. If used lightly, it can make you slow. Someone once described it to me as ‘moving through molasses.’ If used with a heavier touch, it can completely immobilize a human, though not indefinitely.”
Stranger: Sherlock huffed and kissed over John's throat, sucking several hickeys into his skin while he thrusted harder and deeper into John.
Sherlock’s lips parted, and John could see the fangs extended. The vampire leaned down and lapped at the skin on the side of John’s neck. One hand cradled his head, and the other applied strong pressure to his stomach, pushing him down. After three long licks, Sherlock pierced the skin. John gasped, and would have arched up had he been able to.
“Yes. Their family is powerful and it is important that they be here, that one of them witness the bonding. That Victoire herself has come is an honor and will forestall any other complaints that a scion of the Holmes house is bonding with a human.” Sherlock shrugged. “At least, that is what Mycroft was kind enough to remind me of when I protested Allessandro’s presence.” He cupped John’s head and rubbed the near invisible mark behind his ear. “This at least will keep him away from you. You will be protected this time, and I will not allow him to attack you.”
Mycroft handed it to him and picked up a glass of blood. He sipped it, watching the human doctor. “Your contract began, what, three weeks ago?”
Still wrapped up with Mycroft, he doesn’t need to look down to know that the hands gently easing his legs apart are Sherlock’s. Sherlock kneels between his spread legs, hungrily intent on the large bulge in John’s boxer briefs. There’s also a small wet spot that begs to be tasted. He leans down and mouths John’s cock through the thin fabric, causing him to whimper into Mycroft’s mouth.
“If I tell you now, you won’t like it, you won’t sleep, and you’ll be agitated by the time we reach the Blood Registry Office.”
John blinks. His mind is foggy and it takes a moment to place the words. How would you know? “Ah. You mean…about – sex?” John blinks several times the way he does when he’s nervous.
“Eyes on the target, people.” Lestrade’s voice crackled over the radios, and a number of them shifted nervously.
Mycroft runs his hands up John’s thighs and spreads them further, leaving John open for him. He slicks up his cock and presses the tips against John’s open hole.
Sherlock chuckles softly, continuing his worship of John’s neck and collar bone. “My brother doesn’t lie – in this case, at least.”
Sherlock is actually surprised when he comes a second time. He rarely surrenders to the primal urges that distract other people. He is...supposed to be above such urges. Still, his body shudders in sympathy with John’s orgasm and his cock manages to spurt a bit more seed to mix with John’s on his skin.
I came up with the sigil image by looking through the internets and finding a reference to the lion as one of the Holmes family crests from Ireland: http://www.heraldicjewelry.com/holmes-crest-page.html. There's no actual image of the personal sigils I described for Mycroft and Sherlock as I can't draw worth crap.
Greg moaned but continued to lap at Mycroft’s neck. He knew he wasn’t supposed to stop until told to. It was an odd taste that washed over him. He thought he could feel Mycroft’s love and passion wash over him, too, drowning him in a wash of complicated emotions and maybe even memories.
Mycroft broke into a very uncharacteristic grin and caressed his cheek. “You don’t even know what you’re agreeing to.”
“Kiss me. It will help you feel like you have more control and therefore ease some of your anxiety over the situation in which you find yourself.”
Sherlock palms John’s cock through his pajama bottoms, steel eyes bright. “Do you want help with this?”
You: John pretended to read the newspaper, eyes flicking over to Sherlock, hoping he wouldn't be too obvious. He shifted in his seat, getting harder in his jeans. "So, no new cases?" -JW
“True, but honestly this is what the match is for.” Harry crossed her arms. “You can’t hold off of having kids. Mrs. Holmes would blow a gasket.” She stepped forward and touched John’s arm. “Is it – are you
“Thank you, John. I do have a flat in Mayfair. It’s closer to the office, but this has always been a retreat from the city. I do hope you’ll be comfortable during your stay here.”
Note: The haversack jacket that John wears in the series is described in detail on the delightfully helpful Sherlockology site: http://www.sherlockology.com/wardrobe/black-coat-john-watson
Sherlock leaned forward and settled himself over John’s prone body. He gently pushed John’s head to the side to expose his neck. The shifting of his weight had stopped the fucking, but he started up again. The thrusts weren’t as deep in this position, but it gave him access to John’s tempting neck.
much worse for wear. Now let’s see that mark…” Melbourne grasped John’s chin and, ignoring a warning growl from Sherlock at the touch, examined the wound. “Sigil is clear. Wound is clean….It looks fine. You are free to leave, Mr. Holmes.”
As Sherlock led the other witnesses into the bedroom, John politely waited for the rest to enter before him. He closed and locked the door behind him, shutting out the sounds of the wedding reception still going on downstairs. He glanced around the room and smiled at the romantic, sumptuous appearance of the room. Having been friends with Greg for a while, he knew about Mycroft’s hidden romantic streak, and was pleased to see it out in the open in honor of their bonding.
John nearly choked on the water. “Harry! We – we barely know each other! I mean, we do know each other, and he’s a nice bloke and all, but we’ve only had a handful of dates.”
Mycroft’s smile did not reach his eyes. “Give our regards to your mother for us, cousin. Tell her that if something happens, she will be the first to know.”
Sherlock smiled wryly at him from where he was doing up the buttons on the brocade waistcoat. “It is fitted perfectly for you, John. And you look utterly delectable.” he murmured.
You: "Well then what?" John asked, getting frustrated in more way than one. He stood up and stood next to the couch, looking down at Sherlock on the couch.
“You’ve been working too hard. Come, the London Broncos game is on.” Mycroft carried a tray of food and a goblet of blood into the sitting room, where they could relax on the large plush couch and watch rugby. Greg followed, slipping off his shoes and socks as he did.
“Just wanted to see if you thought it was all okay, what you did?” John asked seriously now. “No matter how many times you blow me away with your brilliance, you always manage to scare me
“Why would Strange send me, if he isn’t here?” She was musing from the other room … lost in thought.
Mycroft had made it clear he was taken care of handsomely. But John had not wanted the charity, and only reluctantly dipped into the funds on occasion.  When he knew the weeks labours had not accumulated the required amount to sustain rent … and food … and entertaining. Which he was doing more and more of surprisingly.
so carelessly?” he was pulling away, “… that you have not been the influence I needed … I …  “ Sherlock was scanning him now, looking him all over. Palms down on the floor. Reading him. Desperate to see some hope in John’s response.
He had to allow himself to move on. It was not like he was a widower. It was his friend. Sherlock was his friend. She reminded him. Though it pained him when she said it. Like she had no right. No right to come between him and ...
Anyway, seriously, thanks so much for bearing with me. :) I know I say this every single chapter update, but I
.” He was bouncing irritatedly on the balls of his feet, hands clasped tightly behind his back as if to keep from breaking something. “He’s not here as in GONE, gone … like half-the-bloody-rest-of-the-world!!!”
In which there is finally pizza, Sherlock wields a knife, and some witches rescue John from a pirate! It's Halloween!
Emmy eyed his plate warily as she dug into her own seafood platter. Clearly disappointed in her date’s lack of class. And someone else was chiming in on it too;
He sighed. Looking down at the row of silver cutlery and crystal cut wine glass before him. Sitting down at this posh establishment was a terrible idea. He did not fit in here.
This morning, when John came in to view, Sherlock saw a noticeable shift in his demeanor. Like the soldier had at last made a tough decision ...
"Mr. Ramsey?" John's big stupid grin came out now, as he brought his jaw back up to reasonable levels, "Gordon?" He slapped the table, Whispering excitedly to Sherlock near him,  "Gordon
John lifted the cake to his mouth and opened it wide to …  what was he doing? Sherlock was unzipping his pants and ... !
John felt all of Sherlock’s scrutiny and careful attention on his own fingers. It made them tingle. He tried to steady them.
And then the tension left the room. They were all jostling about. Poking ribs and laughing. "Wot you do to him, Chef? Got 'im terrified you 'ave!" "Reputation in America you haven't told us of, Chef?" "Right nutter!" “Watch that pan!”
As John watched, he shut his mouth (with a great deal of effort). And was tilting his head to the side now, like an owl (or a cat, very feline)...       Thinking.
Having clearly more guts than brains, the one in John’s grip still tried to move, and John twisted hard. Feeling the horrible grunting sound as he wrenched the arm, and the would-be thief began whimpering - begging to be released. “You’ve broke my arm!” He was whining. Shaking from the pain.
He erratically raced to a familiar crossroad ahead and came screeching to a halt when he was within walking distance. He grabbed the box he had prepared from the passenger seat and exited the car with purpose. He took ten paces to the center of the crossroad and kneeled, digging furiously with leather gloves protecting his hands. Once he deemed the depth appropriate, he placed the box in its spot there and covered it with dirt and gravel, standing and clenching his fists to release the tension he felt gripping his soul.
“I’m on my fifth drink and I should probably stop, but Jesus, fuck, it hurts so much without you. Please.”
John grabbed for fabric, any sort of fabric on Sherlock’s suit and used this to leverage himself as he pushed Sherlock with all the force he had in him. John wasn’t sure if he would have ever let go of Sherlock had waiters and patrons not pried him off of the curly haired figure lying breathless on the red-and-black checkerboard tiles of the restaurant.
fallen for her. She’s pretty ordinary, nothing like you really. She gets me out of the house, but for rather domestic things, like grocery shopping and buying new shoes. I think I just like having someone to ground me, to help keep my wits about me, but if you were here, I’d avoid her. She’s the key to the cookie cutter life I feared for so long before I met you. But, perhaps it’s time to settle down.”
I meant to count on your help at all if you’re never here quite when I need you?” Despite his disappointed tone, Sherlock smiled and saw a small one on his brother's lips as well. They weren’t huggers, but Sherlock took a step out from his hiding spot and moved forward to shake Mycroft's hand, a sign more affectionate than most anything else for either of them. Mycroft turned down his disheveled, collar and approached his brother as well, meeting him halfway and grabbing his brother’s gloved hand with a stern shake.
Greg cleared his throat, even then it cracked with his attempt at forming a proper sentence, “Sher-” he paused “I know this is hard.” another pause, “I’ve got firewood at my place, I’m sure you know you’ve passed it. Mycrof-” He couldn’t finish the name, but continued despite the tears that threatened to choke him, “He’d want a proper hunter’s funeral.”
“I’m unattached if you were worried,” Sherlock couldn’t stop the compulsive words from slipping from his mouth and he turned bright red. John coughed and looked up from his position standing before his charge as those full, pink lips spread and spoke once more, “and my address is 221B Baker Street.”
Sherlock ignored the question. Wrapping his scarf around his neck. Then picking up his mobile and checking it. Forgetting it was supposed to be
Not just the troubled past, the sibling issues. The lack of friends ... or … the desperate situation of his living arrangements.
There had been some buzz in the papers about the establishment. The Landmark had taken on a highly recommended Chef of late, who had somehow managed to uncover an embarrassing embezzlement scheme ... John vaguely remembered hearing of it. Nothing to do with him. Now that Sherlock was gone, he tried to avoid that kind of thing.
“Why not just say it, John?” Sherlock’s eyes were soft with kindness. His hand cupping John’s face, as he kept himself propped up, hovering over John like a guardian angel.
Why was Sherlock saying these things? Would Sherlock ever have talked like that? John wondered. Boggled really, at where his mind was running away to...
She looked the tears that sprang up in her eyes. "Aren't you?" She asked, shaking her head, and gripping his hand tightly. She patted it, "neither am I, dear." She got a grip on herself just as quickly though and sighed, talking of curtains and repainting the basement room to rent out instead ...
The fortune teller was looking deep into her crystal ball, as colors swirled inside. A glittery fog.
He had rather hoped for the anonymity of the crowded space of a water taxi. Public transport. Mortified that he had already shown his weakness to this man TWICE.
He took Sherlock’s hand. A question written between his eyebrows. Not one he was sure he was ready to ask …
Mrs. Hudson had brought them up their tea. And offered plenty of advice on the flowers and napkins, and any other mundane details that neither of her boys could be arsed to decide on without playfully devolving into bouts of hugs or wrestling in her presence. Which inevitably had led to kisses and snogging, and Hudders carefully tiptoeing out of the room in their wake.
But John was already pushing away from the counter, coming towards Sherlock. His eyes unreadable. So dark and hooded in this harsh kitchen lighting.
He had experienced the same pain day-after-day. Waking up to an empty bed ... and an aching heart ...
John noticed the extra initials now. They had been there once before - and he made a mental note to ask what they ALL were tonight. When they were
‘Give my love to the Chef’, was inspired by a weekend of ‘Hell's Kitchen and Kitchen Nightmares’ with my friend Jill. Gordon Ramsey reminded me so much of Sherlock, with his singular focus, and his kind heart (at least in the American version) - I really didn’t get how anyone could think he was mean. The poor man can’t even look at the camera when he talks … adorable! But somehow, I still get ignorant people commenting on how mean the show is. And the same with Sherlock - what a sociopath Sherlock is - or how RUDE he is?? and I … I just think … ‘you see, but do not observe’.
of Sherlock ... He climbed into Sherlock’s lap. Their kisses were greedy. Their hands roamed, as if to make up for lost time. They could not get enough. John pressed his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth, begging it to part for him. Begging him for more with every moan and whimper that it drew from the gorgeous man … Sherlock opened willingly.
Sherlock instead of replying, took John's hand and turned it upwards. Counting his pulse. Grinning at the tally. Then he drew John closer to him again, and planted his lips on that pulse point. He kissed John's wrist, folded John's fingers into a fist and kissed again, and then laid his palm open ... and kissed again.
“I had thought of at least thirty-six ways to communicate to you that I was alive during that span of time, but they were all far too risky. I still needed the cover. And … for the most part I was not in a position to do so … being out of the country. And then, this position opened up. Coinciding with our last puzzle piece. In the heart of London again. The perfect ruse. So we took it. Even then, I needed to wait. It was beyond painful, John. The waiting …”
He smiled at another beauty, and raised his glass in salute - deciding ultimately - he should find something to eat
He gave a small cute wave to John, as if in acknowledgement of the fact that John had been expecting
He was looking up to Harry for reassurance - as she had the phonebook in her hand and was scanning through the last names under L … “No!” she replied firmly.
"Thank you, Mrs. Hudson," he finally managed, his eyes downcast in humility, "I don't deserve this warm welcome."
John often smiled at the incredulous responses it engendered from those they met. He was cocky with it. Here he was, a normal boy-next-door, running around with the most brilliant (and to be honest, the most stunningly beautiful) man in London. Him. Plain jane. Army boy. Boring doctor. John Hamish Watson. He couldn't believe his luck. He couldn't believe this was happening. To him.
The taller man was now pacing up and down the canal, looking to flag down a boat. Moving on to a more open side to the canals … John reluctantly followed him.
Sherlock’s lips were pink, and they looked soft. He was biting on his lower lip. Making it redder. John hadn't let himself look too closely before. Sherlock's lips were really quite something.
How Sherlock would bring them to John, trust them to John's care. When it was really crucial that they not be put in an institution, or behind bars yet again for a petty crime.
The gondolier began singing. An ancient song of love and loss, and love again found. And John snuggled in. Listening. Just letting it take him. The shared body heat radiating between them underneath the warm covers.
Instinct had kicked in. Taken over. Years of army training. Of defending. But in preventing one wound, he had created a much greater wound. One that might never heal. At least he had breathed a sigh of relief, Sherlock was still standing.
He knew. And he found a way to fix it. Without John protesting. Without John demuring or even … realizing he could. Without him catching on. Subtly brought him along as if this was already the plan, and John might as well take advantage of it.
Their waiter came back, barely flashing the bill towards the bright white suit as if it was perfunctory only, before snagging the proffered card and heading back into the restaurant to run it for payment. The flash of shock on Sherlock’s face was, again,
Sherlock was still in his seat. And John in his … when they pulled away. But it mattered less and less. They were
John held on tight. The 'thank you' coursing through his veins, answered by every corresponding beat of Sherlock’s pulse as their fingers knit together.
And then ... his tongue slipped out, and he licked John's palm. Watching John shiver with pleasure. John could almost see the wheels turning. The thought of, '
“So why haven’t you found Moran in this hotel then, arrested him, and come home?” John asked at last. Across the shadows in the room to Sherlock. Like it was simple. Like it should be simple. Like he expected Sherlock ... to
They sat there. Listening to the clock tick-tock-ticking away. John leaning back against the counter, casual charm. Sherlock leaning forward in his chair, brilliantly engaged. Elbows on his knees. Tea cup in his hands. Eyes locked. Scanning. Holding each other in stasis there. Not wanting to break the connection. Relishing in this moment of being able to do this very thing. Hardly daring breath. Or thought.
Long, gorgeous legs passed his line of sight. Trim, neat trousers. Striped. Wool. Hemmed. Posh heels. Polished Italian leather shoes. Glittering flats. Gucci Handbags. Gold rings. They were everywhere. He felt more underdressed than even the last time he'd come ...
“You are not the one that owes apologies, John,” Sherlock corrected, “what I did was unforgivable. There was a plan. It went wrong. I had to make do. A snap decision, one I’ve regretted daily. Trust me ... I … never meant to hurt you in the process. I wanted to include you ...  it was ... just
John pressed into Sherlock with every inch that he could bring into contact. And Sherlock laid back then, bringing their bodies further into comfortable closeness. But there were layers. So many layers between
John followed. Feeling like a schoolboy playing hooky. Sneaking around the hotel in the wake of Sherlock.
"It is imperative," Sherlock was spinning around. Anxiously playing with his hands. And then fisting them into his hair as he did another loop, still thinking.
The carefully disguised layers of both of their armor, having been stripped and left lying on the ground around them. Defenseless.
The kitchen and living room, now awash with moonlight. And the soft ticking of the clock on the mantle the only pulse of sound, between breaths and a gentle snore somewhere in the room beyond ...
He had to physically resist the urge to draw the man's attention away from what was causing him pain ...
Sherlock stood up slowly, eyeing John like one would a feral cat about to start or run...  as he held the teabag up by the string for John to see. Then, reaching around past John, he placed it into one of the open teacups on the counter and stepping back a pace. But as far as John could see it, he was still cornering him in the kitchen. Keeping him prisoner there.
It was the look of a genius - brilliantly, deftly, putting all of the puzzle pieces together - adding them up to their conclusion, and getting ready to impress his audience of one.
Not to have his heart constricted, at last - by this one last - barrier. This one last unreality, that had kept him from feeling like all
Mrs. Hudson bustled about the kitchen. Queen of her own domain. It was pink. And yellow. And floral down here. So very different from the dark Victorian tones of red and black and green in the somehow masculine, but still elegant, flat above ...
John was looking around and finally finding something about the environment comforting. Maybe just the fact that he had been invited in? For his next words were:
But the mask was slipping, revealing Sherlock's full face and form as he stopped contorting it to look more like an American. To stop sounding like an American. He had been playing a role. It dawned on John.
After a bit, Sherlock threw out a comment. “Interesting thing about Tuxedos … they lend distinction to friends and anonymity to waiters …”
The tune shifted, and he was swaying now, waltzing towards the window with Vivaldi at his fingertips. Eyes still firmly shut. But listening. Hearing John’s movements in the kitchen behind him as he played. The shuffle of feet as John took off his shoes. Rested against the counter to watch surreptitiously.
John watched the others' faces for a clue - as the chefs and busboys and waiters were making way for this effigy to come towards John. They were all looking to this man, the Chef for guidance, for direction as to what to do with this new kitchen nightmare??
John picked through the shelves and checked the racks, the yellow-green light in the shop making it hard to read the labels. His eyes finally landing on a familiar cord with relief … His thoughts, however, kept circling back around every two seconds as he paid and looked out the narrow door to where Sherlock was still waiting for him  …
He remembered Sherlock's irregulars, his homeless network of people throughout London that could be relied upon in a pinch to find out things Sherlock needed to know quickly.
Everywhere his eye landed ... further proof that they were now so intertwined ... there was hardly a distinguishable space between where John ended ... and Sherlock began ...
It seems that a few people had taken advantage of the situation. The timing of the snap had been good for their own plans ... They had simply run away from their current life and circumstances to pursue something (or someone) else. Leaving behind their wives, children, jobs and homes. Choosing to let their families think they were gone.
The morning had consisted of two rounds of venom with Mary; One on the receiving end of a scathing review of his character as a person; The other a scathing review of his skill as a writer; and
Sherlock pressed him up against the counter, eventually deciding on sitting John on TOP of the counter and coming closer to snog him properly. Legs straddling the detective and hands in each other’s hair.
John couldn’t help the ridiculous smile forming from deep within. Something inside was uncoiling and stretching. Breathing for the first time in … he didn’t know how long?
Sherlock …?” he asked at last, expressing his relief and … pleasant surprise. Cocking his head to take a good look at him … “didn’t … uh … recognize you … ”
Yes, I suppose I had help there,” Sherlock was turning a little red himself, and staring at the sky, “you …
Sherlock tilted his head this way and that, trying to suss it out. For this man, it seemed like they were, in fact,
John held his gaze. Softening. He hadn’t meant to hurt Sherlock, or to compare them in such a light, “you’re right, Sherlock. You are
Mary’s smiling face behind him and soft touch on his shoulder seemed to invite him into this fantasy.
"John Hamish Watson, you will stop right there!" Mrs. Hudson plopped down the heavy bag she had been holding in both hands and practically ran back to meet him face-to-face. John sighed.
"Look, Sherlock," John tried at last. Sherlock cut him off by taking another step forward, still maintaining eye contact. Pinning John into place as he stared up into Sherlock's eyes.
John's taut reply, he hoped, would dissuade Sherlock from further comment this evening. Of all evenings!!! Sherlock would have a heyday if not made to
. But nothing that anyone else could hear or appreciate. Listening to a few syllables in his head - and he was off!
"I prefer to text," Sherlock popped the consonants, glancing at John quickly. Unable to resist. Then eyes back to the counter.
“Now,” Sherlock concluded, turning halfway between them, and stepping back, “would you care to continue your date with this impostor ..
His eyes wandered around the room. Now really taking in each table. Curiosity returning to him. Now that he was no longer starving. For air or attention. They had certainly paid him attention this evening. Such detail. Such care. Even if it was the wrong man they were serving. It was nice. He felt important. Wanted. Expected.
Why not go and play with some other puzzle? Something on his violin? Or get distracted by a text? Lestrade could
warm. His fingers just slightly calloused, as they knit together with Sherlock’s own. A roughness there. The texture of reality.
She slipped past them to grab something from her cupboard (herbal soothers?) and headed off to her own rooms, “I’ll just step out this way and leave you to it. Good night boys. Turn off the kitchen lights whenever you go.” She winked and shut the door behind her.
He shouted back, bringing the young man running to the table in response. "Do you have a notepad? Something I can respond on?" he asked, "I would be polite to answer." And taking up the pen and paper, he scrawled a lovely note:
Inasmuch as she hadn't named any names, John got the feeling that she was trying to hide that part of her concerns from everybody and to make light of it. Trying not to be a burden.
He hung his robe up on the hook next to shower, stepping in. Drawing the curtain behind him as the hot water began to stream out, caressing his face. Relaxing his tightly bound muscles.
While the world screamed and tore out it's hair - a blur around him - John had stepped out of time into a void. Waves crashing against the rocks. And he was the rock. He stood unmoved. White noise drowning out all ...
Tears were now rimming John's red eyes as Sherlock managed to place his hands on John's shoulders, unhindered.
He was ripped open by the invitation that had been laid at his feet. Only to be taken away. A paradise built on clouds. Fading. With every step Watson took. It was pulled further away. A void being drawn wide, that would soon engulf the world.
, John. Had to be believable! If I was going to come take over one of London's premier kitchens and ingratiate myself to its staff, unsuspecting?"
He tucked himself around the corner, pulling another swig from the bottle and knocking his head back against the wall. Breathing a deep sigh of relief.
Sherlock’s warmth was seeping through the soft denim fabric on John’s leg, like a hot compress on his skin. And John felt his leg relaxing to the touch.
Sherlock could not get the man out of his mind … and had nearly driven Mrs. Hudson out of hers! What with his violin playing and temper tantrums the last few days.
Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed the discarded box and other detritus from the freezer explorations in the bin. All things he also would have thrown out …
And looked his fill one more time. Relief written all over his face. Subconsciously relaxing as he sat there
Sherlock did not want to force him to retreat back into it when he was succeeding so nicely on his own.
“You're at a romantic restaurant, a candle on the table, Venice, City of Lovers …" he was glancing at John. “and you are incredibly handsome ...
John couldn’t hold back a chuckle at that, “two peas in a pod!” John was mocking him, “you would have taken that pill!” He jabbed his finger at Sherlock’s crossed legs, “... just to prove a point! Back when I first met you! And here Moriarty goes and offs himself just to win the little game he started??!!” He laughed, “
He curled up into himself on the pavement rocking back-and-forth; calling, calling and calling for Sherlock by name.
It was a look Sherlock often gave John, but John had never felt so much pleasure from it ... and perhaps, because - Sherlock now knew why John had held himself like this
John was feverishly writing. Keeping one eye on Harry, and one eye on the planchette that kept moving … moving … moving …
It was no use cursing his broken shoulder for having interrupted the best thing he'd ever had. It seemed he did that rather well himself.
John tentatively reciprocated the kiss, starting forward. Softly. Barely. Registering if Sherlock made any flinch or movement? As a result of the abrasion of his own touch. And very quickly realizing that Sherlock was not minding the roughness. He was pressing in, and drawing out. Begging John for more …
In, between breaths, his and John’s. Measuring with every sensory receptor he could stretch to touch and feel and see and smell and hear - just what John’s responses were. How his eye color and iris dilation changed and deepened; the quick catch of breath, the swift rush of pulse, the heightened vibration as if geared to shift at a moment's notice; the heady scent of his sweat and aftershave; the twitch of his hands; fingers furling and unfurling as if they wanted to be put to use …
But they directed him a few blocks down where they assured him mobile accessories of every variety could be found.
Sherlock attributed it … to having John’s insight and steadying presence by his side again. His conductor of light …
"How do you feel about the violin?" Sherlock tried after a moment of silence. Keeping his tone calm and even, when it looked like Molly was leaving.
with every snarl he bit back. What Sherlock really meant to him. No matter how much he had fought against realizing it before ...
John willed himself to step out of the shop towards Sherlock’s waiting form …  just as two rather stocky individuals seemed to come out of nowhere and corner Sherlock against the canal railing. John saw a glint of something from the hand of one, and he immediately shifted into action.
He looked back in the direction of the would-be thieves and checked all four directions surrounding them, including a glance at the canal, before looking back at Sherlock. All points secure.
“I researched you,” John began, “on my way over. The uh … the 'Science of Deduction'? Interesting stuff …” He eyed the man across from him. He looked nervous for a flash of a second. And then composed himself.
An invalided soldier with prematurely greying blonde hair, a limp, and a penchant for flipping off cab drivers …
. For if Sherlock had not lived, then John would not have had a reason to go on living ... all those years ago. He might have ended it then. Serendipity. Fate. It had all happened for a reason. Made him change his entire life in a moment.
And John had found himself on the doorstep of stranger. Welcomed in. A man who knew everything about him. Could tell him all of his secrets, without him having to say a word. Like a lifelong friend. Secrets shared, unspoken. It was a relief. It was a burden lifted. The things John wandered the streets fearing someone
"When did he move out?" Sherlock tried, his voice becoming gruff with the emotion he had not allowed himself to show earlier ...
Symphonies wanting to escape their birdcage of blood and bone. Fluttering to the cadence of his lungs, and tripping to the beating of his heart on repeat.
His free hand came up, to ruffle the fringe of John’s hair from his forehead. Smoothing away the creases that had formed in John’s brow, and kissing him there. Pulling him closer.
The rain descended as they began riding in silence. “He’s in Italy,” John confessed after a moment " ... on a job right now. I think I’d go over and see if he’s really …
John waited patiently for the inevitable. Leaning up against the counter casually, as she gently knocked on the door between them, and then opened it up when John called her inside.
She also seemed to be sharing in the same pain that John was suffering from. And half the time she wandered into her - what he was calling ‘mind palace’ sessions - he was sure she was thinking of something else entirely.
Not just the gaping black hole of purposelessness, that had been left in the wake of his honorable discharge from the service that had meant everything to him until that fateful wound …
And leaned over to kiss John then, lightly, on the lips. A friendly reminder of their earlier passions shared, and a taste of what was to come … as he pulled away. His look was playful.
in mind.” He paused a moment, “and by fun, I mean of course, deaths.” He continuing rapidly, “something he could very easily arrange and, I might add - a point hammered home only too clearly to us before. The resident assassins Moriarty managed to surround us with on his first go-round,” he added, “before the pool. Call it a lay-up!!” He popped the last sound. “Three assassins. Three bullets. Three deaths.
“Say whatever you have to,” Sherlock reminded him, with instructions as he headed for the door, hands gesturing wildly, “if he mentions needing accommodations, let him know you have someone else in the market for a flatmate. If he mentions needing a job, say you know someone hiring. Anything! I don’t care. I just ... need ... a chance. To meet him. He just needs to see me. Once! GIVE. Me. That. Chance! And I will do anything you need for the next MONTH!!”
“Do you?” Sherlock stopped to look at him, but his eyes were far away. Thinking still. Extrapolating all of the possible outcomes. Mike could tell. He’d been around the genius enough by now. "Make your decisions as if his life depends on it, for it very well may ... "
John glanced back over his shoulder, having caught that last bit - and asking with some curiosity, “Strange?” He did not expect an answer. And did not get one.
He patted John's shoulders to indicate he should stay seated for a bit, and then went off into the kitchen to ask the permission of the Chef for an audience ...
John realized he had gasped a little at the crush of palm against palm. The smooth of skin and the warmth of Sherlock’s contact ...
He would begin writing on his blog again. He also decided. As his head hit the pillow that night. Too tired to think, but feeling like he had accomplished something. Which was a big step.
The bombshell hitting him with a much damage as it could. His life hanging in the balance. His future ...
He didn't expect an answer. It was an hour ahead in Italy now, and it was midnight here … so unless the man was a night owl ...
John smiled. Sherlock had clearly been living here a while. But he had not truly settled into it. Everything his eye landed on, indicated the transience of this place.
They solved few of the mysteries. And fewer of the questions floating around in John’s mind. As the weeks went on.
He should come back some time. Good food. Pleasant atmosphere. Ask for a deep corner booth next time. Feel less conspicuous. Yes. He might. This was good. Getting himself out of the house. It was good. He would come back.
“John,” Sherlock breathed his name then, looking at John’s mouth, as his tongue had darted out to lick his lips in response to the stimuli - the nearness -
Several delicious options presenting themselves immediately to John’s hungry eyes. He’d forgotten how much he LOVED Italian food …
John's stomach rumbled and he couldn't eat fast enough when the food arrived. It was so. Damn. Good.
Sherlock was thinking on John's words. On the implications of just how soon ...  John had truly fallen for
He had let himself in through from the street, silently. So as not to disturb their little tête-à-tête.
No doubt the man had cleared out Sherlock's things the moment all formalities of the estate had been finalized. John was surprised it took so long. Must have been over a year? Mycroft was slipping … stuff had still been there when John left. But John really hadn't allowed himself to think about it. Now he wondered ...
“Right,” John waited. Deciding it was best to just agree. When she did not go into further detail, he ventured another question, “He sent you here to look for Sherlock Holmes?” Nodding as if he understood that much. A statement more than a question really, “Is it about the ash?”
He clucked his tongue and looked up and down Sherlock's person, to the point where Sherlock was now the one turning red. "Me and the madman. Me and Sherlock Holmes." He shook his head, as if he just couldn't believe it still ...
He turned, and took a few strides towards Sherlock. Helping him upright. Trying to assess if any damage had been done? His hand grazed Sherlock's temple, brushing aside the curls, checking for any cuts or scratches. Even a bruise … and he would hunt those men down for murder …
But that might not be the best way to make a friend ...   which - in his own head, Sherlock realized - the soldier now was.
"I'll drop him off at The Landmark after we've processed this lot, and taken a full statement. Might be a bit," he said to John, apologetically.
John took one look up at the wedding hall Mary had chosen. With its tall floor-to-ceiling windows. Its creeping vines and brick façade. And thought
Sherlock wasn't sure how to read sarcasm, but he wasn't entirely sure if this was sarcasm? He decided to take it at face value, "Problem?" he asked. Genuinely concerned, but again, trying not to show it.
As he sat by the fire, sipping whiskeys neat, feeling the warmth pool and harbor deep down inside him. Where he would contain it, and keep it at bay. Store it, and bottle it up, and try not to explode when the next text came …
Sherlock was fully awake, and alerted now, and pushing himself up with one arm, he came and swathed John Watson with his whole body. “What’s the matter, John?” Sherlock asked gently, with a penetrating look, searching. The weight of his body centering John. The concern of the fate of the world, in his eyes …
His thoughts dwelt on all of these things. As he looked up and out the thin window of his cell here, at the London police station. The solid white walls. The metal cot. The iron bars. The tick of feet across the parquet floors. The MET. A place he had considered, almost friendly, as of two days ago. Where he had come so many times, in the company of Sherlock. And he was now a guest himself. He laughed a little at his own stupidity. A guest would have the option to leave ...
Sherlock reached out for John's fingers a moment too late - for he had moved just beyond the limitations of the handcuffs binding Sherlock's wrists. His anger flared up, and he yelled at the sky. In a language no tongue was needed to interpret.
Sherlock had talked him down. Held onto the children like they were precious. He handed them carefully over to John to take down to Sally Donovan and the waiting patrol car to get proper attention at hospital. Not the act of a heartless man ...
His eye automatically strayed from the other tables to the center of his own … There was a candle. His eye fixated on it for a moment. Almost wanting to reach out and ...
John swallowed the lump in his throat. There were some things he had liked about that Sherlock. No mask. No lies. No hiding. He had come out into the light. And said anything. Did anything. That came into his head.
John meandered down the street after leaving Mrs. Hudson's with a bag of scones and warm promise to return to tea again soon. He really would too. He wasn't a heartless bastard like Sherlock.
John's feet ached in a good way. His hands on his knees as he caught his breath. The alley chase was like something out of a daydream ... not something he had ever expected to have the pleasure of again.
“And what did you imagine?” The man was still being mischievous, and trying for sexy, but it was just grating on John’s nerves.
shown up to see Sherlock's flat? Gone with him to see the lady in pink? And joined him on the rooftop chase?
John sat up swiftly in his bed, throwing off the covers. He had awoken, sweating and hyperventilating. He knew that he had been screaming. Loudly. His throat felt every inch of the strain he had used in the force of it. Scratching it. Tearing the sound out as if with his bare hands to comply with his wishes ...  and now his voice was hoarse.
“Hey, Mike?” John asked, hoping his voice landed on casual, and not on ‘hey-my-entire-life-is-riding-on-the-possibility-of-something-stupid-and-entirely-crazy-right-now’. He already felt like a nutter, and didn’t want to taint Mike’s response. How readily was he considering going after this Holmes fellow …? After one night of talking? Texting?
The geniuses. The greats. The truly gifted of this world, were not going to suffer the presence of the ordinary, for long. Right? But he had managed to push aside the fear. So long as Sherlock continued to look at him
He bit back the bitterness, and the irony. Deep down? John just wanted a few more months to think! A few more months to breathe and decide who
Just then, John heard the kettle beep announcing tea water was ready behind him, and he slapped at it with his hand to silence it, so that he could maintain eye contact with Sherlock.
John looked around. The unfinished living space was a mess. Sherlock had pages of newsprint and photographs pinned up with red string all over the room. Clothes strewn all over the floor. A makeshift mattress on the floor nearest the window. A good spot to sit and read, John thought. And could picture Sherlock being there many long nights. And rainy ‘off’ days when he wasn’t playing the role of head Chef downstairs.
Stealing a glance up at Emmy. He made sure to use her name correctly each time he spoke to her throughout the evening. Just because they would never go out again, didn't mean he wanted her to not feel special.
Feel free to call or text me if you have anything else I can help with? Here on my mobile. I will umm …" he looked around, thinking, "possibly be here again tomorrow, yeah? ... Probably another hour
Sherlock was slipping closer. Beside John … John could feel every nerve ending in his body singing out. Their fingertips grazed.  “John, I …” Sherlock began. Once again, lacing his long, elegant hand together with John’s golden bronzed fingers, and curling them closed.
“You said Moriarty threatened us to get you to Jump?” John asked, “three friends? Greg, Mrs. Hudson, and I … to risk your life for? Seems a lot to ask. How did he know you would do it?”
He had tilted his head and adjusted his eyes to focus now on Sherlock, so close to him. So close, he could smell him. He could smell … home …
"Why did I jump?" Sherlock asked. As if standing on glass that could shatter beneath him, and drop him into a void.
“Mayhaps there is, dearie!” she crooned, soothing him with a pat on the hand, and softening her features with a gentler smile then, “let me look?”
Not even if his own body cried out and gave him a million warning signs … not when it began shutting itself down … and driving him delirious and screaming and demanding it … and forcing it!
He knew he had noticed that oatmeal jumper before, and had correctly intuited that the soldier would arrive again like clockwork.
Life imitates art --- and what's funny is --- my life has almost identically mirrored the authors (Clueda's) comments on the last few chapters --- so I will include them here paraphrased:
… Victor Trevor?" He revealed, " … of 156 Primrose Lane in Hampstead Heath?” He nodded at John, who was shaking his head, incredulously chuckling, “… or? Would you care to join me instead before we all make our way back to Jolly Old England?” His hand clamped down on Victor’s shoulder. A few policemen were making their way over to put the petty thief in handcuffs. Sherlock smiled as he waved them away.
John could hear in his head. But he did not see the fake Sherlock again …   Maybe just knowing the real one was out there now, would help him to move on.
As he hung up the phone, not having been able to get another word in edgewise, he caught the pitying look in the cabbie's eye.
He couldn't bear the thought of unsolved crimes, without a Sherlock Holmes in the world to help solve them. Or a brilliant resolution ...  without a genius behind it that would smile quietly at the praise John was sure to give him, for it.
He steeled himself. Noting that this took more reserves of bravery than chasing a criminal down an alleyway had ...
Sherlock dashed a looked back to her face, to see her smirk, “William Sherlock Scott Holmes, do you honestly think you’re the first man to have disappeared on me? I know the difference between suicide and running away.”
He didn't NEED her hired friends, ta! Mike was FINE. This was about all the 'stag do' he could handle!
How Sherlock had laughed at the priceless look on Mycroft’s face, when he saw that there was now going to be
The hotel bar was elegantly furnished. High back chairs served as barriers between patrons in the tight space. Bodies were crushed together in the sweltering heat of the fireplace. And John was feeling nicely buzzed with a drink in his hand, and his best dress shirt on. He’d already caught several approving looks from both women, and
Sherlock had invited John for one more dinner at the Landmark, that night. Before giving up his employment. The big reveal, and all that.
"I was incurably slow on the uptake, I'll admit," Sherlock took another sip, looking anywhere but at John.
He followed her and lifted her bags easily in his hands. Carrying them for her back into the flat. The stairway stretched above him. Green. Wallpaper. That hideous glass multicolor light. Down here, the mirror. Fogged glass doors. The coat hooks ...
"Is this a normal evening for you?" He was asking, to keep the mood light, "a couple of arrests, a few light muggings …? You know … you didn't have to invite danger just to
He himself had felt so empty since the war. Like a balloon that might float away into the sky at any moment, if not tied down ...
He stepped over the stack of files spread out around him on the floor of 221b and started the kettle on to boil. Picking up the phone and dialing for some takeaway without bothering to ask. She would eat whatever showed up. He felt fairly certain, at this point.
A few guests had filtered out and been replaced by new faces while he ate. He ordered another drink and a hot coffee. He enjoyed the view. He was in no rush. And neither were the wait staff. Usually so anxious to get their tip and hustle you out to make room for the next customer ...  the waiters tonight seemed to pass him as if he was one of them. Belonged here. Had rights the other PG's did not. He found himself smiling again. Good spot here. In the corner ...
John grabbed at his glass of ice water and instead of splashing it on himself, followed through with a long, deep chug. Ignoring the cold that was numbing his insides.
Maybe it would only take the right impetus to bring him out of it? If it was trauma induced? Psychosomatic. PTSD?
"Jesus," he cursed under his breath, and then to her, "thank you. I'll be off now. Where is my bill?" He was fumbling for his wallet. This was mortifying. Half an hour passed out like a schoolgirl on dissection day...
They enjoyed a few shy moments awkwardly looking away from one another. Before again meeting eyes … and again trying unsuccessfully, to keep from laughing …
- reminding everyone that Sherlock was gone now, and that the resident genius could no longer solve their fascinating cases. As much as he would like to. Unless he had something in the files that may be of use or reference from their previous work. In which case, he was willing to offer any assistance and research.
“I suppose you may not know it but … Detective Inspector Lestrade, I look up to as a father figure. He’s given me more chances than he should have … in the time that I’ve known him. And it has been …  a long time. Met him when I was a teen.”
Or come up with some odd excuse to party late into the wee hours …?? Surely there must be some all night bars here? Or even a rave going on? He hardly cared …
Almost a month of Fridays had come and gone. John was feeling every inch of the walk that had taken him from the Surgery to the Landmark. But he had needed the room to clear his head. Sherlock's voice was breaking in more frequently of late. And not always in character.
Maybe he understood these super humans more than he expected he would? Having been around Sherlock Holmes for so long.
The cabbie watched him carefully from the rear-view mirror as they pulled up to the curb, and he made ready to alight. He didn't care. He was thrilled that he had been right!
intend to update more often now! I found this first chapter a little tricky, and my audio and editing software would not cooperate! which is partly why it took so long. In the end ... I had to scrub it all and re-record.
There was a cold wind shearing it's way through his thin jacket and he could not wait to reach the restaurant. He needed a nice quiet, gentle place to rest for a few hours undisturbed. Able to people watch and not look conspicuous doing so. A restaurant was ideal. As long as you kept ordering food (and paying for it) they were more than happy to oblige. John knew he would find himself staying longer and longer hours each Friday night, if he returned. Maybe he could ask the manager to set aside a table for him?
"He’s going to be rude to you. Incurably rude. But you can NOT let him push you away!! Do you understand this, Mike? Tell me you understand how important this is?!” Sherlock was taking Mike by the shoulders and spinning him around. Boring into his eyes with a fierce gaze. Mike felt rather like a mouse trapped by a python. Sherlock was being SO serious.
“Where’s the orchestra?” John half-joked, pretending to look over Sherlock’s shoulder for more musicians hiding in the wings ...
Sherlock turned and blocked out the imposter entirely, giving the whole of his attention back to John,
John stuttered in his thoughts. Two sides warring with each other in this. "SHERLOCK!!!" he was yelling into the crowd. And they would not let him through. He was being pushed back. Sneaking through as a kid to see the corpse one more time. A crowd had gathered around and they all wanted to see, and they were pushing him out of the way ...  others were pulling him away ... dragging him from the gravestone … pulling him hard by his hands, his hair..  and a very alive Sherlock being buried in the open grave before that cold black stone ...  "NO, no, NO!!" John was yelling as they manhandled him, “you can’t bury him!” and carried him off ... "SHERLOCK!!!"  pulling at him …  leading him ...  away from the body ...  a breathing body ...
She hung up the phone, pinching her nose and leaning against the frame of the doorway to the kitchen. Looking every bit ‘done in’.
He had read the room wrong! He spun around and went red from head to foot. Noting that he had already kicked off his own shoes in his haste … he embarrassingly picked them back up now and made for the door. At least he wasn’t naked for the walk of shame ...
As he glanced around the room, he noticed a slim white dress on soft curves and dark hair pulled up in a bun - his breath caught momentarily as she pulled her companion, another woman up to leave, arm-in-arm. John could not catch a glimpse of her face. And he knew that 'The Woman' was dead, after all ...   A tinkling laugh filtered back as they made their way out of the room and John once again felt it in his core. Shaken.
"John,” Sherlock whispered in a hushed tone, almost afraid to break this reverential silence. And John settled down onto his heels again.
Watson had watched with humor, as the mask began to slip from Sherlock's stoic exterior throughout that past year. The longer he knew him. If anything, you would think this would have shattered the persona, the brilliance of Sherlock Holmes. Diminish him in some way, in Watson's eyes. But it had the completely opposite effect. It endeared him to him, so much the greater, than if he had found no flaws. No chinks in the armor. At all.
. Turn him inside out … leave him raw and bleeding internally ...  to make this dying, desperate plea!
John watched as Sherlock came jogging back, grinning, “Doesn’t mind stopping at the hotel! Instead of the full tour. Quite generous really. They usually don’t make stops? Just the rounds, it appears. Interesting. Took pity on us!”
John smiled into his mouth. Huffing a laugh that filled Sherlock’s throat with John’s sweet breath. Sherlock kissed the smile and drank in his breath. He wanted to be filled with it, John gasped at the desire that action had caused, stopping the kisses just to catch his breath! Ha. “You are a madman. What? Why? Take me on a date? How many have we been on already?"
When someone wrote to 221b, asking the detective to help them find a way to explain their bad decision to their family - to protect themselves from the onslaught of public opinion and personal duress - John had thrown the letter away. Mostly unread. He had no solutions for
It licked like a fire into even the smallest hidden corners of his life. Places he had not realized Sherlock had touched, had been irrevocably changed. Altered carbon. Now ashes.
he was to play ... shortening his timelines …" Sherlock turned back around to pin the imposter in place, “can't really say I’m glad on that score ... Performance was a bit weak,
John went over to the sink then, and filled up the kettle. The slightest incline of his head registering the present awareness. He was turning it on to make tea. Enough for two, Sherlock noticed, as he got out the mugs.
“John, I need you to know three things,” Sherlock began in earnest, “One - Moriarty is dead. Of that I am certain.”
Sherlock shuffled over to the kitchen. Chuckling. Unbuttoning his dress shirt as he went, and heading towards the bedroom to change into something more comfortable for sleep attire.
name. Unlike the banks of stones that had been marked with hundreds at a time, filling the nearby plot.
The hollow sound that the door made as it hit the wall, reverberated through Sherlock's ribs and spine.
Nat seemed to catch his tension then, humming a gruff agreement, and cast her eyes down for a moment to join him in the silence. Like she understood the sentiment, but not the subject matter ...
“Well,” he decided to wrap up the inevitable, asking one more time “will you come? Harry? To the wedding?
It was something John saw time and time again in the military, and especially during the war. And he was disgusted by it as a rule. Pain does not justify further pain. An eye for an eye only makes everyone blind.
Their hands brushed a little with the exchange, and John held his hand there at the touch a moment longer than necessary. Looking up. Catching Sherlock's eye. A monumental effort to not step up into the genius' space and snog him silly for all of his antics this afternoon - and for how much he couldn't bear the space that was currently separating them …
"Your coffee, sir!" the waiter was bowing as he placed it on the table. Blocking any further inspection or desire John might have had to go after her and find out.
"Glad of it," she was saying, gathering up her things to go, "just you take it easy Dr. Watson? Perfectly understandable. You've been through a lot. Get some rest tonight." She was up and off without a name or a handshake. John didn't mind. He wanted to crawl into a hole.
John frowned. Sherlock would not have spoken like this. Beyond flirtation. Quite filthy. John colored red.
As a general rule, Sherlock was downright rude when anyone showed emotion. Emotions were messy things that complicated the facts.
"Little things ... “ she said, bustling around her kitchen as she spoke then. Never idle hands, Mrs. Hudson.
?” He asked now, incredulously. As if he half expected Sherlock to be teasing him with a hidden record player somewhere. A revealing display of his adoration for the raw talent laid before him …
come all this way. “I realize now, you probably did not mean for it to be taken in that way, but … let’s just say I was …”
“And what does the gentleman want?” the waiter asked, turning towards John. Sherlock tried to speak, grabbing at the man’s arm for attention instead, and the waiter silenced him - rudely. “I said
The young man turned around, leaving the note in John's astonished hand. As another in his wake, delivered a freshly baked tart and a Cornish pasty to John's table with a flourish. It looked like a photograph for the cover of a food magazine.
Where Sherlock's eyes had been closed a moment ago, he was now really looking him over … pinning him with those crystal blue eyes … piercing and haunted … He was mesmerizing. The snake charmer again, with his spells. Reading the signs, John was sure, as his pupils dilated, and his breath caught, and his heart sped up in response … all to Sherlock’s nearness …
But John Watson felt none of that anger in his case, nor the righteous vindication in either argument.
Sherlock was breathing half in through his mouth, and half out through his nose. Trying to steady his breaths. Striving for normality. John saw his nostrils flare a few times as he worked to tamp it down. His eye wandered to Sherlock's jawline, the curve of his delicate ear. Sherlock's hair was darker than John had remembered it ...  almost raven. Dark and ... with hints of auburn in it.
- and John stepped threateningly towards him again …  Before he smartly turned and shot off in the direction his friend had escaped.
! You're dead!!!"  he was saying. Eyes wide with terror, looking around - could the others see him too? Is this what madness was like?
The man leaned forward, as if imparting a top secret … “very YOUNG actually.” The man seemed pleased with his answer, “no one ever suspects the young ones. I was …”
have received a call from a certain Hotel Maître d' … and of course I tried calling you … several times, but I thought, perhaps it was just that your phone was off? For your
"Ah, Molly, coffee. Thank you," Sherlock stepped forward to accept it abruptly as she walked up. Hoping she would then turn around. Seeing as how strangers were present, and Molly was a bit shy.
He also doubted that she had been given permission to reply anything outside of the scope of Sherlock's dismissal from the premises. And so ...
Their thighs were pressed together hip to knee, one leg threatening to overlap his own, but holding back, for some reason. And his hands, Sherlock’s beautiful hands were hovering around John's waist tentatively, as if unsure what to do …
He had shivered a little as he entered the restaurant, momentarily. Shaking off the cold and lifelessness that he had left behind in that hateful café. Sherlock must have seen. Sherlock must have been watching.
Hailing a cab had not been possible at this hour, and Sherlock rejected the waiting black vehicle that stood to receive him just outside of front doors ...
Sherlock was asking, awkwardly. Indicating the unused device still sitting in John’s upturned hand. John shook himself from his thoughts.
Sherlock allowed himself to look up then, a shock of genuine surprise written all over his features, "Oh."
The reviews had said “a dance hall to make your friends jealous with envy!” and “the best views from EVERY room!” He doubted anything about the facility was as genuine as it was imitating ...
-lose-control', sort of low growl. And Sherlock could feel the sensuality of the statement in his core. He shifted slightly closer. Bringing a bit of himself into contact. Any more than this ... and he really
The dry leaves beneath his shoes crumbled. Crunching in the earthy moss and grasses that covered the churchyard, largely untended. A few graves stood out. Well groomed, with a vase and flowers regularly standing vigil.
Statistically it was likely to start with A,J,T, or S. Last name was likely to start with D,W,M, or S.
"'I should be the one thanking you," John mustered at last. Warm breath seeping into the silk on Sherlock’s shoulder, "Sherlock?"
"I need to see ..." He struggled to get up, as the young man was physically blocking him from getting out of his seat in the booth.
John said. And flipped the menu over harshly. Reviewing all the drink options carefully. He may need a few tonight ...
Sherlock's lips brushed over John’s closed eyelids. Caressed his cheekbones. His mouth parted and he kissed down John’s jawline, and neck. Spending a moment to apply one soft kiss to his Adam's apple. Then he was taking John’s mouth to his, and really taking his time. John clung to him. Relief and passion and ecstasy pouring through his veins. A cocktail to combat the misery and monotony of their past lives alone.
Standing next to an incredibly wild looking Sherlock, all breathless and devastatingly handsome with his Belstaff restored. Coat collar and cheekbones. Winking down at him as he peered around the corner at their prey. John took his outstretched hand and they gave chase once more …
John stepped back and waved at them both - in dismissal. As they rolled away, shouting out to Lestrade, gruff with emotion, “When you get there, give my love to the Chef? Will you? And tell him
John's jaw dropped and so did his fork. He closed his eyes. Wishing Sherlock away. Something about respect to the dead playing in an endless loop in his mind.
The food was delicious. The day had not been a complete waste he supposed. It had firmly solidified two things for him. #1 - he himself
“You convinced them that I was dead. Gave me a chance,” Sherlock explained further, “They stopped following you. They stopped looking for me.”
"I really am going to have a lot to keep up with in bed, aren’t I?” John teased, seeming heartily up for the challenge presented … and Sherlock growled a low rumble. Picking John up, bodily from the counter and carrying him up the stairs.
This was John now. This was reality. An angry smile froze his face and prevented the hot stream of tears that threatened to break loose ...
Hair a silky mess of curls. Raven black and reflecting almost blue in the moonlight ...  A pale, delicate complexion, almost feminine …  all sharp angles and long, thin form … scholarly, and worldly, and somehow ... yet ... sheltered. With a softness to him, in hints, in his features ... that made him immediately look …
“I had been aware that Victor Trevor was in town, and to be honest, his appearance has never been a personal
as the shrapnel that lay lodged permanently in his shoulder … and the inexplicable limp he had inherited along with it, in his right leg …
John finds himself settling into a rhythm. And, strangely, against all odds, with Sherlock was increasingly at his side.
And when days, turned into weeks. And weeks, turned into months. And months, turned into a full year. And then, they had been celebrating their first ...  what?
John had never really heard this tone of voice from Sherlock before. The closest he had ever come to such an attitude, had been after the old woman was killed under Moriarty’s thumb, just as she tried to reveal something about the bomber to Sherlock …
He tore at his jacket and dress suit. Stripping his garments and unbuttoning his shirt throwing it in haste ... to breathe ... just breathe ... !!! He felt his shoulders wrack with it. Shuttering in on himself as he crumpled to the floor, sobbing. Heaving breath after violent breath. His exposed back leaning against the cold doorframe like an earthquake victim, sheltering from the inevitable disaster. Even as it descended, unimpeded to wreak havoc.
He strolled as casually as he could towards John. Watching how John was registering his every movement. Tracing him with his eyes.
John had nodded and leant against the wall. He tried not to throw up. Tried to detach and think like a doctor ... to remind himself how this was
Sherlock shifted, sounding concerned. His hand reached out and smoothly started rubbing up and down John’s arm, to calm him. John covered his mouth with his hand and tried to stifle the remaining outburst. But of course ... no one ever could ...
When Sherlock stepped back inside, John in his arms ... John indicated to lower himself and stood then, upright. His first action being to then turn the tables and pin Sherlock up against the door behind him ...
John had decided by then - Sherlock realized as he looked into his eyes - that Sherlock himself could not be anything
John sipped at his black coffee. Studiously ignoring the figure that sat across from him in the darkened booth. His fork lifted again to his mouth, and the ghost again spoke as the fork touched his lips.
Would John have to relive this horrific nightmare? Watching Sherlock die all over again? This time on a table?
"You are," John stated simply, "after all - the only thing that made life worth living." Then John lifted his chin, and stood up straighter. As the police officers came and took him in arm, guiding him away.
“Hi? Hello?” he was waving down the maître d', “Hi! I was ...uh … wondering if a ‘Sherlock Holmes’ was registered to stay here tonight? By any chance?” John gave the man his winning smile, “friend of mine - said he might be here this weekend?”
Each time, John waited for the inevitable ... “It’s genius,” they would say,  “absolutely brilliant. You say this guy is gone now?” Always praise for him … followed up inevitably by, “such a pity! We could have used his help!”
Not a paving stone outside of St. Bart's - still stained - that he could not help but notice with each passing.
It was busy work, mostly. Helping out with minor tasks and mysteries to be unraveled for the Avengers team. Stuff that seemed, not insultingly, but logically, beneath the scope and requirement of the skills of an avenger. John dove into it head first. Thriving on the energy of the group. Going in to the surgery less and less often as the weeks progressed.
Our protagonists wind up as roommates, and John may soon live to regret it! Who is this Sherlock Holmes?
Sherlock's eyes travelled up from their intertwined hands then, and he caught John staring openly at him. Like it was Christmas. Like
John grabbed a bottle from a crate that was moving past him and opened it up. Downing more than necessary in a few desperate gulps as he decided to sneak off and get a bit of fresh air wherever he could steal it.
John rejoined to answer her question, this time letting rudeness creep into his voice, “Yeah, you know - I thought everybody understood
If he was going to be romantically involved with someone, something he knew his obsessive personality could not DO by HALVES .... Then he needed to know - first and foremost - that they could work
into the room further with his gaze, as he casually finished his toast and swallowed those last few bites.
His brain was fizzling out gloriously as he listened to the rapid breathing of the man beneath him. Felt his erratic pulse as it raced. Knowing his own must be doing much the same thing ...
“When will he be back?” She clearly paid no attention to his attitude, and was quickly cataloguing everything in the house with a sweep of her eyes. It was an unsettlingly familiar behaviour to John, and it took him a moment to recover at the onslaught of images of Sherlock standing and spinning in place as he documented a room …
So John had to admit that it was flattering for an unknown author like him to have grabbed the attention of the most sought after publisher in town.
Sherlock asking the words that Irene threw at him that day at Battersea, made John want to retract his request. Take it all back
His eyes went back to Sherlock. “Are you … are you here for a case still, then?” John asked, again looking around with dodging eyes at the scenario. The restaurant. The hotel. The …  oh
Sherlock quite agreed. As they kissed and bumbled their way into the hall. Making out against the wall there for a moment, where he pressed John against him and drew out a few delicious moans for good measure. Before John reached out behind them and killed the kitchen light. Dropping down to lead Sherlock back into
“Your date here had other plans for you,” Sherlock was rapid-firing, using every ounce of his BRILLIANCE and deductive reasoning to evidently tear this imposter to shreds! “A gigolo,
John rubbed his hand at the back of his head. Mussing up the hair a bit. In a way that made Sherlock's insides uncoil and want to pounce.
in love with Mary ... ? That I was marrying her because she was the best thing that could possibly have happened to me this past year, and I just ...” He was keeping his eye on his ale as he asked. Liquid courage extended to visual tethering as well, it appeared … but he didn’t know how to end that statement? Question? Betrayal?
Sherlock was hardly surprised at this point, when a well dressed staffer came in on patent leather high heels - handed him his coat - and told him he was free to go. At 3 a.m.
He stubbornly flipped through his phone apps and hired an Uber. Not even waiting for the blue sedan to stop a few minutes later, before hopping into it's back seat. He rolled away with a glare to the chauffeur as they passed.
They went over to a section that was clearly the highlight of the whole tangled web. A central point that zeroed in at none other than Bart’s bloody hospital … and John gasped as Sherlock pointed to it.
It was habit, John self-realized. He then felt the look from Sherlock again, another puzzle piece fitting in place. '
His face was inches from John's own. His body betraying him, even as his heart wanted to hold. He was keeping himself back from pressing any part of him closer to John, but feeling the energy sing between them.
"I am by your side, Sherlock. For what it's worth." John stated, "Just the two of us against the world." He sounded fatalistic. And Sherlock dreaded where his mind was, as he continued. "I've always wanted just to
Sherlock leaned forward to meet John's lips with his own. Immediately sealing them. Almost like … Sherlock had never kissed before? He held his lips there.
Sherlock's genius was no less brilliant in the face of actual super-humans. John knew, that what made a hero - truly - was the heart and character behind the mask.
John swallowed. Dear God. What monster had he now created?  He sat up straighter. Fork in hand. He eyed it with distrust. Did he dare take another bite with Sherlock watching? He sat deliberating as he slid another slice under it's tongs. Then he looked around the room. Gauging how many people, if any, could really see him right now? If they looked? He counted. One, two, three …  about a solid half-dozen. But they would have to really turn. Really try. Sherlock was right. Almost no one could see him in this corner.
The morning light woke Sherlock this time. A soft glow that radiated into his comfortable, furnished, just-stepped-into-a-time-warp-room back at 221B.
tell him ... Mrs. Hudson? And now that I’m back, I ... ” - his thoughts stuttered for once, so wrapped up in the hardest thing his mind had ever tried to comprehend - “how much was I imagining was there …? … how much of what I thought he … ? Before ... I ?” His eyes searched hers for some sort of hope. If it had been there? If he hadn’t been the only one seeing it? Even if it was
“Dunno? Just sounded like a romantic place to run off to?” Mike shrugged, “you were always a bit of a romantic, if I recall!” He waggled his eyebrows at John, and had John laughing again.
John doesn’t love you because you’re a trick pony that he can parade in front of people. He enjoys the quiet and the silence, not talking for days, and hearing you play. Just being. With you. It refills his batteries, just as much as it recharges yours. Don’t forget that. You both need away time.
“You invited me. To come?” John explained. Holding up the text. Needing to justify his visit here, and to help Sherlock understand just why exactly he
He soldiered on anyhow. Looking for a familiar landmark, grumbling under his breath about needing to find a guide, and desperately wishing that he had done some
“Nevermind. I'm arguing with a ghost!" John laughed and threw his hands up. And then took a sip of water, but looked up to realize that ...
“Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock shouted out, with as loud a knock of his elbow against the door as he could muster while holding his brother's legs.
The woman sucked air in between her teeth and broke the gaze that she was holding with Sherlock, “See, the King down there is not too pleased that you got out of your fate so easily. And your father, well, he pushed his luck with that last deal.” She looked back up, eye flashing red between batted eyelashes.
Sherlock just leaned into the shock of the affection and smiled into his brother’s thinning hair, “Better have been for good reason.”
in the detached tone of his brother’s voice that bounced around in his skull, Sherlock was not going to let his brother just die here.
Mycroft pulled back from the hug with a slight chuckle, “I’m the responsible one here, don’t forget that I’m the one meant to order you around, Sherlock.”
What unfolded next was a muddle of John tripping over his words while trying to bring himself back to earth and Mary’s expectant comments as she waited for the moment John would propose.
Life moving onwards was nothing new under the sun, but oh how John Watson longed for that fortune to be proven wrong like it had been on that first night he spent with Sherlock so long ago.
“Sherlock, wha-” Mycroft's eyes turned wide, and Sherlock finally saw Anderson. He was positioned, almost lunging and reaching out, weapon in hand, like a renaissance painting, behind his brother. The chair leg was at the bottom of his brother’s spine, already having traveled the length of it. Mycroft fell into the grip of his brother’s hand and the weight toppled Sherlock, who helped move his brother down gently to grip him in his lap.
But those days of estrangement and abandonment were whisked behind them, any remaining resentment being left in the dust that kicked up behind the Impala.
The sound of the door at the bottom of the stairs startled Mycroft from his sleep. He knew Mrs. Hudson was out for the day and Greg wasn’t meant to be home for at least an hour. His bones shook at the thought that it could be Moriarty, back to reclaim his soul and drag him into doing his dirty work.
Mycroft let his breathing calm and nodded while moving to resume his position at the top of the stairs waiting expectantly for Greg.
She swayed again and ran a finger down his chest, brushing over a spot of his brother’s dried blood on her way down. At this, his own blood boiled and he swiftly grabbed her wrist “What then? A year”
“John.” Sherlock spoke, more softly than he had intended, “It suits you. Fit for a military man. One of heaven that is.”
His eyes snapped up, wide and shaking with anger and fear and sorrow, to see Anderson stumble around the far corner of the hall.
At the mention of his brother, Mycroft pulled his hand from Greg’s and turned, swinging his legs over the side of the table and staring intensely into his friend’s eyes, “What did Sherlock do? Don’t you dare tell me you let him do something reckless.”
The world shuddered and gold feathers flashed around him. Sherlock’s head was spinning by the time he found his feet planted before the black door of his old home.
-know how much I loved you, thought John, his eyes shut and his head dropped a bit, anything to stop his world from spinning any faster. His stomach was turning, his heart was shattered and in that moment, he knew the words had come too late. Why couldn’t he have said it two years ago instead of letting them slip on the night he was going to propose to someone?
Lestrade had dropped off a box of Sherlock’s things; a DVD caught John’s eye. He poured himself a drink and placed the disc in the player.
What he saw was a funny, flawed, ordinary version of Sherlock that he had nearly forgotten amidst the constant tabloid talk about “the sociopathic detective.”
With Mycroft beside him now, he wrapped the Belstaff properly around his dear friend and hoisted him into the backseat as Sherlock army crawled his way under the fence as well. He was grateful that his coat had made it so he didn’t have to drag his belly along bloodied ground.
Mycroft ran his hand down his face in frustration and sucked in a tight breath, “Time to find him then. At least we’ve got ten years before he gets dragged to hell.”
Amidst the joy and the sounds of stories being passed on, Mycroft looked over to catch Sherlock’s eyes, a knowing look pasted on his face.
Sherlock, she’s still devastated. Hasn’t even touched our old rooms. Our chairs are still sat right across from one another, the dust you refused to clear away has settled in like another piece of furniture, the wallpaper is still covered in bullet holes and yellow smiley faces. I’d be lying if I didn’t admit how much it hurt. I could still hear your violin playing, I could still feel your eyes watching me from your spot at the desk, I could still smell the familiar scent of your favorite soap. God Sherlock, I miss you. But, like I told Mrs. Hudson, I’m moving on.”
He smiled at the angel by his side and popped the collar of his coat before pushing gently into the flat.
The fourteenth was made on a Sunday in November. “I was walking around town, which has gotten much easier by the way, and I saw a blue scarf in the window of a shop. I think you would have liked it. I nearly went in and bought it for you, but I decided it wasn’t worth it to leave a £200 scarf on a tombstone.”
A devilish smile crept across her lips, “Your brother escaped the King of Hell. Moriarty isn’t too pleased with that. Mycroft was the only one leftover from his little...experiment. He needs someone for the job
Upon reaching steady ground and stretching up, he rubbed his forehead as a loud, sharp pain struck him, but he ignored it and began the trek to civilization.
Understanding his situation, one he would rather not have to deal with, being buried alive and all, he quickly shut the metal lid of his lighter, not wanting to waste a single more breath of oxygen on the small fire. He noticed his scarf had returned around his neck, which he promptly used to cover his nose and mouth to avoid any dirt intake, and quickly began to kick up against the end of the box, splintering the wood and letting the dirt build at his feet. When it became looser, he pushed the top of the coffin up with a huge amount of force and pushed the dirt that fell in down to his toes. Slowly, he maneuvered his body into a crouching position in the loosened dirt and stood, the brightness of the morning sky too much after such physical deprivation of light.
“I keep meaning to call Mrs. Hudson. I know you’d probably be pretty pissed at me if you knew I hadn’t phoned her. Anyways, I saw her today, from the end of an isle at the grocer’s. As soon as I saw her, I slipped away, hopefully unseen. I knew it would hurt all over again if I went to greet her.”
On December 25th the call was silent in John’s realization that Sherlock was not coming back. “Happy Christmas.”
“Sherlock’s dead,” He said with conviction, still pointing the barrel of the gun right between the eyes of the intruder.
“Give it up, Moriarty says it’s either you or me.” the man was pushing down harder against Mycroft, barely getting his words out, “I prefer the former.” Sherlock could see the man pressing his arms down with all of his strength when suddenly, Mycroft flipped the man over and pinned him down, one hand tossing the chair leg to his side and the other delivering a quick sock to the jaw.
Mycroft was smart-- too smart for his own good apparently. That was overtly clear on this particular Tuesday, as well as during the preceding week.
John noticed his calls were becoming short and casual. He couldn’t decide if it was because he was trying to distance himself from Sherlock or if he really was healing. He didn’t know how to tell the difference really, but it almost seemed like his calls were more casual now. Just an update here and a memory there, Sherlock would appreciate that, John thought.
Silence engulfed the last call of the day. John just had to hear the voice one more time before he drank himself into oblivion.
, despite incessantly blogging during the first moments of the film, was on the edge of his seat, arms hugging his knees and eyes glued to the television. After the movie had ended, he had tried to convince John he still thought the Bond films were a waste of time, but had failed miserably. John smiled at the memory but kept pouring more whiskey into his glass, almost subconsciously, as he hoped the pain of his memories would go away.
“I’ve decided to stop blogging. I think I’ve just gotten myself stuck on the past we had and not the future I have to look forward to. Of course, Sherlock, I suppose that means I should probably stop calling as well, but not quite yet, I don’t think.”
“It’s a bit gloomy out today. Not really any different.” John couldn’t think of anything else to say, so he hung up on his tenth call.
All Sherlock had ever done was hunt-- his brother had gotten out, was on his way to the top, when Sherlock,
Call fifteen was a rant. “Bloody hell, Sherlock. You knew what losing you would do to me. I’m slipping right back to where I was before you.”
May 2nd brought call thirty-two. “I went for a date. I don’t think you’d like to know that, but I suppose not all is what we’d like it to be.
He turned to face the demon. A woman stood there, stark naked, save for a pair of black heels and lips as red as cherry pie. Her hair fell against her shoulders, black as the riding crop she held in her left hand.
. Sherlock let rage carry him to the end of the hall, ignoring the tears prickling in his eyes and gripped the hilt of his weapon, pulling it from his victim's neck. He then stood straight, turned, and walked with purpose back to his brother’s body.
He let the wave of sudden emptiness crash over him as he leaned hard against the register and grabbed one of his stolen bottles to drink once more. Halfway through his second gulp, a sound like wind rushing through the forests next to his childhood home fluttered past him, and he brought himself back from drowning in the sweetness of the water.
The soothing violin of ‘Dust in the Wind’ filled all the blank gaps in Sherlock’s mind palace as he drove out, further and further from London, and into the green countrysides surrounding Sussex. When he reached the dirt path he was seeking, dawn was just beginning to stir.
John pressed his trembling hand in a fist against the wood of the table as a sort of attempt to silence the commotion whirling around him. In a suppressed whisper John spoke “Two years." A deep breath paused his words,"Two years.” John’s wide eyes fell as the realization of Sherlock's return hit him in another wave. “I thought,” though words failed him for a moment, he continued “I thought you were dead.” He let out a sound, almost prompting Sherlock to reply, but left no room for Sherlock to speak. The voice of Sherlock he knew was composed of 29 words on an answering machine. “Now, you let me grieve. How could you do that? How?” The anger caused by shock, betrayal and lost time boiled inside John and he allowed himself to let go.
John just tightened his grip on Sherlock’s hand and used his other hand to heal his forehead with a simple swipe.
The second call came when John was drunk. He’d had a bit too much whiskey as he sat on his couch marathoning James Bond movies and thinking about the night that he had convinced Sherlock to watch them with him. Sherlock had adamantly refused, but after only 15 minutes into
“-lock? Sherlock.” Lestrade’s voice pulled him out of his trance, and he realized he had been stewing all the way up to the curb in front of his and Mycroft’s flat.
“Happy Halloween, Sherlock Holmes. Don’t you dare come to my door dressed as a zombie. I’d be bloody pissed off. Though I suppose I wouldn’t really mind you returning.”
He entered the tiny station and looked around before heading to a fridge towards the back and grabbing a bottle of water, guzzling it down without regard to the liquid pouring out from the sides of his dry, pink mouth.
“Today, I saw a man who looked a bit like Anderson. You would’ve loved seeing it, Sherlock. His eyes were all bulging out of his head and his facial hair was a mess. It wasn’t him of course, Anderson’s too much of a…you know. Anyways, if it had been him, it would probably have pleased you very much. All you really wanted in life, I’m sure. So, Happy Birthday Sherlock Holmes. You deserve it.”
had stomped back into his brother’s life without a care and dragged him back into the life, all to find a father who had trained them, “Don’t be a hero. You can never save anyone but yourself.”
He opened the door quietly, his hand reaching to his side to put a hand on the hilt of his knife, specially, specifically and scientifically curated to kill demons.
“I was tempted to tell Mary about it. Maybe even take her for a meal, but that’s our place, that’s our memory.”
Howls encroached on him as he stood alone and felt the fan of hot breath around his feet before searing pain overloaded each nerve in his body and he was torn to shreds by hounds of Hell.
He considered the possibilities for but a moment before deciding that he had been standing in his own grave for far too long.
The shorter man smiled fondly and Sherlock ignored the flutter that found its way into his chest, “Call me John. I have one of the more simple names in heaven,” he looked contemplative, “but I assure you I am not any less worthy of a charge than those with more, say, angelic names, such as Castiel or Gadreel.”
“Sherlock, I’ve got to make this quick, but I’m sat here while Mary’s in the restroom and I don’t know, I don’t think I can do this. I keep trying to tell myself it’ll be all right, but I’m not convinced. Not when I know, not when I know how much I lo-
“Who are you?” He shouted from the top of the staircase, hands shaking even in their hold around the gun.
He stood from where he had been slouched down, napping in Sherlock’s old chair, and wrapped a silk robe he got for Christmas around his body. He grabbed the gun that hung over the mantle and snuck around the corner to peak out of the doorframe that gave him a straight shot down the stairs.
His mind squashed down all hope, until it rose like bile as the door pushed open and there stood his brother, bright-eyed and fresh-faced. Any nicks he had from hunting completely gone, like a too perfect version of his brother.
So, he dialed Sherlock. The phone rang incessantly until finally, after what John thought seemed like hours, he heard the familiar, soft, comforting sound of Sherlock’s voice. His drunken mind allowed him to chuckle at the voicemail as it was a clear creation of Holmes himself, but, John thought, indeed a colder reflection of who the man really was. Or
On December 24th John called in the middle of a Christmas party at Mike Stamford’s. “I wish you were here Sherlock. I know Christmas was a bit of a disaster last year, but at least you were here. People are right, the holiday’s are the hardest part of loss.” John took a deep breath and closed his eyes, “ I just wish…” But John couldn’t say anymore. He hung up the phone and rejoined old friends with a painful smile on his face.
However, the brief loss of his memories and with the hyperboles of his drunken mind, John became convinced that he had forgotten the sound of Sherlock’s voice.
“Here it goes Sherlock, just two hours to dinner and the inevitable moment I’ll truly have to let go of you. I hope you’re savouring this.”
The next week, John heard about a murder case in the news. With investigators apparently ‘baffled’ and John feeling particularly lonely, he called Sherlock.
“I posted on the blog today. It’s been so long, but I just had to do it. I started writing after I dreamt of you. I need to let go, to move on with my life, and the only way I’m going to do it is by accepting that you’re gone. I think you’d like to read my blog post from today, but considering you’re gone, I’ll read it to you.
On April 5th, John awoke at 2 am, his left hand trembling and vivid images from his dream still fluttering in front of his eyes. It was the first time he had dreamt about Sherlock’s fall since the weeks after it had happened. He had tried to block it out, but there he was, 10 months later, sitting up in his bed, sobbing and trying to find a way to escape the images painted across his mind. He called Sherlock. He wasn’t sure if it would help or hurt, but he couldn’t stay away. He listened to the answering machine and felt his breath slowing and his tears subsiding. He hung up and called again. He lay back in his bed and listened to the voice of his friend seven times over until he fell asleep with his phone cradled in his hands.
It was like that sometimes, for Sherlock. The world became, all of a sudden, too loud to handle. He ached to cover his ears and curl into a ball, but his hands were wrapped around his brother and covered in blood and his body couldn’t curl any further with the dead weight in his lap. He cried out again, and in that split second heard it clearer than ever.
Greg was woken by the startling movement of a hand gripped in his and his shock didn't cease upon seeing the cause of the movement.
“Greg...” Sherlock heard Mycroft say, before hearing Greg take two steps at a time up the stairs in utter concern. Mycroft stepped back inside the living room, letting Greg follow him and take in the sight.
Once over, his wool Belfast jacket stuck with the job of straddling the chain link fence for padding, Sherlock shook out his curls and looked back to Lestrade, who was leaned against the car, waiting dutifully for Sherlock and Mycroft’s return. He gave a curt nod in the direction of the silver-haired man and headed into the complex. Despite the ringing of
Sherlock laughed and grinned as John relayed his tale of rescue to Greg and an eavesdropping Mycroft.
“It’s today, I’m proposing today. I’m finally at peace with it, with all of this. I really think it’s the right decision. Mary has turned my life around, made it bearable to survive without you, and I think that’s all I have to say on the matter.”
“Alright, I know it’s only been 6 months, but I’m not going to find anyone else, am I? I wish you were here to knock sense into me, but my God, Sherlock, I think I’m going to propose to Mary. Tell me I’m not completely insane, it just feels so good to be wanted by someone. Life is empty without you, so I might as well, right?”
I like to think you probably did that when you were bored. In a sort of twisted way, it makes me feel closer to you.”
He turned, nothing. No one. He nearly yelled out into the brightening abyss when a figure caught his eye. The hair on the back of his neck stood up, but that was to be expected next to a demon of the crossroads.
However, John did call on the 1st of April with the absurd hope that this all might be some intricate, twisted plan of Sherlock’s, but he was sent straight to voicemail and John hung up without a word. He knew it was absurd to even think that Sherlock might answer, but, he thought, what is life without hope.
Sherlock just rolled his eyes and pushed his body closer to hers, “Bring my brother back.” he breathed through clenched teeth.
“I took Mary to your grave today. She wanted to see what it was like, wanted me to open up about what’d happened. It was the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do, share you with her I mean, but life goes on, and maybe it was good for me in the end. “
“Sherlock, it’s nearly January 1st” John slurred his words, “I’d reallllly like it if you’d be my new years kiss.” He let out a little ‘humph’ and a smile in his drunken state. “Don’t tell anyone I’ve said this, but I’d realllllly like a kiss from you.” John gave his phone a little peck and hung up. When the clock struck midnight, John was alone in a sea of people locking lips.
Lestrade nodded like it was a normal occurrence, trying to ignore the pure terror he felt upon the realization that, of course, nothing that rose a man from the dead could be pure, could be without consequence.
Greg’s eyes widened and he froze attempting to patch up the wounds of what he had just said, but none of his word vomit could fix it. Mycroft knew he had been dead, and him rising, there was nothing he knew of that could do that besides--
, it had been pounded into his head his entire life. It had been pounded into his head when he got a puppy, it had been pounded into his head when he played pirates with Victor Trevor, it had been pounded into his head before every case he and his father ever went on. ‘Caring is not an advantage,’ and he knew that, but he also knew, that when it came down to life or death, he wouldn’t let Mycroft experience the latter. Sherlock knew he was flawed, that his emotions in this instance would not get him anywhere, but his brother earned a life, deserved a life.
After a few hours of tinkering, it had worked, and soon, a distraught (but grateful) Sherlock was on his way with Greg Lestrade, owner of The Scotland Junk Yard, a run-down auto repair joint, in a 1967 Chevy Impala, imported from the States and practically the only car Greg had attempted to fully restore to its former glory.
Greg just pursed his lips and stood for the first time in hours, moving to Mycroft’s position in the doorway, gazing at the torn, bloody shirt that exposed his miraculously healed back, before enveloping him in a hug with a soft, "But you're okay and that's what matters." Mycroft froze at the contact, he and Lestrade had drifted since he moved out, but this, this hug felt all too much like
The pavement felt smooth under the tires of the glistening, black car, Sherlock’s blue scarf flapping out of the window in the wind. His curls were almost too long for him to drive safely with the windows down, but Greg had insisted, with a fond pat to the side of the car, “Windows down and music blasting, that’s the way to enjoy this baby.” Sherlock rolled his eyes at that but smiled as he had lowered himself into the driver's seat before Greg could see.
The tension of city traffic began to ache in the silence of the car and he switched the tape player on, the song they had arrived at the compound playing, and then pausing, starting mid-chorus.
Once outside, Sherlock jumped into the Impala and sped off faster than he ever had. He was used to only using the car on long hunting trips while opting for cabs when working in the heart of the city.
to be saved, and so Sherlock told himself that he didn’t care, that he wasn’t worried, that he wouldn’t let pesky emotions cloud his judgment, no matter what the scene he arrived upon looked like.
It’s funny; anniversaries are so often a time for celebration, but not this one. To think that it’ll have been a yea-”
However, his thoughts were interrupted by the voice of a waiter to which he responded by asking for champagne recommendations. This was meant to be a celebration after all.
John called Sherlock again when “that cock of a chip and pin machine” gave him trouble like it always did.
It was a Tuesday when Mycroft died. The rod had sliced straight through his spinal cord like it was softened butter.
The thirty-ninth call was John reminiscing about a case he was writing up for the blog. The Inexplicable Matchbox to be exact. Unfortunately, due to state secrets, that conversation cannot be disclosed in this context.
Call twenty-one was meant to be lighthearted, but birth was, to John, just another reminder of death.
Greg looked up and to his left at nothing in particular before looking back at Mycroft, “I’m glad you’re alive.”
It was a Sunday when Sherlock came back from the dead, decidedly more human than he had ever been before.
As he pushed a pile of twenty and five dollar bills into the pocket of his jacket, (it looked new, just slightly different than the one Greg had wrapped around his brother, the gold buttons a dead giveaway to its provider--
Sherlock looked eagerly at the angel that stood before him, the one that looked so beautiful both within his soft, kind vessel and without it, in his terrifying and awe-inspiring true form.
“Can I be quite honest, Sherlock? I’d have never fallen for Mary if you were here. I’m not even sure I
“Ah, I see. So,” Sherlock gazed guiltily at the counter where he had set all of the goods he intended to steal. He cleared his throat, drawing his attention back up to the being that presented itself before him wracking his brain for what he should say in the silence, “what should I call you?"
Call eleven was a butt dial. Sherlock was pretty much the only person he’d phoned in 5 months. No one was very happy with John for that, but life goes on.
“I’d like to think, if you were alive, that we’d be together by now. I wish with every bone in my body that I had said those words before you fell. But I couldn’t. So here I am, alone. Happy Valentine’s Day, Sherlock Holmes, be mine?”
Two weeks had passed since Sherlock fell. Two weeks and John was numb. He felt empty like the void of silence he had just committed to Sherlock’s voicemail box.
The angel smirked at him, “God’s work, Sherlock. Not mine. I am but a soldier in the battle for heaven’s souls.”
Sherlock flashed seething eyes at Greg and he promptly shut up, pulling out Mycroft’s feet first, which Sherlock took, and then eased the rest of the body out, positioning himself to support the body’s neck and head.
The day after Halloween, John called again to tell Sherlock that two little boys had showed up at the door dressed up as small versions of himself and Sherlock. “I hope you don’t mind…in fact I’m sure you
The concrete walls of the first building’s entrance were letting off swirls of loose debris as soon as he opened the door.
Greg’s mind finally stopped swirling and he pushed himself back up to standing, trying to figure some way for Sherlock and- and- well, Sherlock to get back over the fence. He growled and furrowed his brow as Sherlock came closer, and caved. He stomped to the back of the Impala and opened its trunk, propping it up with the shotgun that lay on top of all their other hunting weaponry. He grabbed a pistol and cocked it, moving back to the fence and shooting at the links that connected it to the ground. When he was satisfied, and Sherlock was finally nearing the end of his trek from complex to chain link, he ripped up the bottom of the fence at its now weak links and made a human-sized hole close to the ground.
“Alright. But Sherlock, you know your brother wouldn’t want you doing anything like, well, whatever you’re going to do.”
He reached down and placed his fingers on Mycroft’s forehead and suddenly, all the chaos, the conflict, the resistance, fled from within him. He looked up with wide eyes, far too innocent looking for a man of his age, but he couldn't help himself.
moved to take his hand from its spot on his shoulder. Sherlock instinctually stopped that from happening by placing his own hand on top of John’s, caging it in.
“The fortune cookie I got tonight said ‘Sometimes a stranger can bring great meaning to your life.’ What are the odds? It triggered the memories of you, Sherlock, and I wondered how life might have been different if that’s the fortune I had gotten on that fateful night. You gave my life meaning and now you’re gone.”
He let out a frustrated, “No!” and abandoned post at his brother’s body, letting him fall gently into age-old dust. Sherlock ran so fast he nearly missed the turn and hit the wall ahead of him straight on. When he got to that particular turn, Anderson was still hobbling, nearly reaching the next turn. Sherlock took his knife out of its sheath and in one quick movement, with a reverberating ‘ching,’ flicked it full force at the man running from him. With a crack, it hit Anderson in the neck and he fell, limp, lifeless,
