“I know, I know,” he coos, like a hen soothes her frightened little chickens, loosening Sherlock’s fingers one by one, and kisses softly on his knuckles, “but I’ve got the smell of clinical sanitizer all over me, you won’t like it. Be back in a minute, OK?” He manages to get rid one last finger, tucks both Sherlock’s hands into the duvet, and picks up his own pajamas from the dresser stool.
He can’t remember how many songs there have been on his playlist. Neither does he know how much time has passed. They have got used to each other’s pace and rhythm, John’s steps have become more and more confident and fluent. Many songs ago, Sherlock has totally given control to John, letting him truly lead. They no longer need actual words to communicate or coordinate: dancing had become their new language. A silent hint of pressure from John’s fingers to his palm, is enough for Sherlock to understand which movement to choose and which direction to go in the next moment.
“OK OK I was joking!” Sherlock giggles and rolls over crazily on the bed. John pins him by anchoring both his hands over his head and kisses him hard on the mouth.
“Are those serviettes in there?” He points a finger to the sacks on the floor, sincerely hoping that Mary’s flaming lipstick colour doesn’t leave marks on his face.
John raises his head to look up into him. He doesn’t say a word, he’s smiling, but there is a shade of sadness in his smile. Sherlock cannot decipher it.
“Thank you, dear.” Mrs Hudson said to his back, very touched. She wiped her wet eyes, tuned her tone to a more sentimental scale, making sure the volume just audible to John, ands said like murmuring to herself, “It would be so much better to have a doctor at home in here...”
She’s not their housekeeper, it’s always been true because they are like sons to her. Now things went terribly wrong, but she will make them right. No no no, it’s not meddling; it’s leading things back to the normal orbit.
“She shot me, but I survived. Only to find that you forgave her and went back to her, because your baby is going to be born. It’s a girl,” Sherlock pauses and swallows, “I ask if you can name her after me, you say Sherlock is not a girl’s name. Then you name her Rosamund, that is, Mary’s middle name...Rosie for short. Rosie she—she is a precious little baby girl.”
That afternoon she came back from the grocery store, running into John and Sherlock in the hallway. They are going out, and Sherlock is wearing his ridiculous hat. The instant she sees them, she feels that something has delicately changed between them. The good kind of change, surely.
Mrs Hudson mused light-heartedly. As the saying goes: Strong horse with strong saddle. Her admirable house in central London deserves best-matching tenants to move in. She could even vividly picture them chatting in front of the fireplace, watching telly on the couch, and having breakfast by the desk, as though they have already been living here in 221B for a long time.
“Mycroft and I had decided that the wedding planning should go on to avoid causing Mary’s suspicion and vigilance. If you know it, Mary could also see the difference. This morning, your brother calls me that Mary’s criminal evidence is solid and she’s been taken away by MI6. Then I… have planned the proposal to you as quickly as I can. If it’s not been in such a hurry, I could have done better.”
She stole the identity of a nurse to work at John’s clinic, and approached him when he was mourning Sherlock. After Sherlock came back and sabotaged John’s proposal, she still considered herself as John’s fiancée and has always been trying to provoke alienation between Sherlock and John’s friendship. All what she’s done are for one purpose: to fulfill Moriarty’s last wish—burning the heart out of Sherlock.
John leans in to kiss his eyes. He kisses away the tear stains at the corner of them and kisses away the concerns in them. “Of course not.”
John remembers that before the fall, Sherlock is all so stroppy and sassy and wilful and bossy. He wears those expensive fine tailored suits, possesses state of the art smart phones, never rides a bus or takes tube as long as he can find a taxi. Inside the flat he orders John to obey his various instructions, bickers with his big brother when Mycroft visits; Outside the house he constantly sneers at Lestrade’s observational skills and contempts every other men or women in NSY. Despite all that, he can also make Mrs. Hudson laugh loud if he feels like doing so, and puts on that puppy eye face so that John would do anything he wants for him. Why on earth would anyone think him as a sociopath? He is clearly a so very spoiled child who gets to get everything he wants since he’s a little boy. Yet this exact little spoiled boy, has chosen to jump off that building and dived into that dangerous exile without one second of hesitation, for John. His short and plain flatmate. He’d been away from this nice little flat, away from the landlady’s delicious chocolate cookies, away from John’s tea and compliments, hid from place to place under fake names and fake identities, fought against the most ruthless and evil criminal forces on this world. His once flawless and spoiled back suffers from all the floggings, each wound openning to bones and dripping fresh blood, screaming his desperate love. Every inch of his never fading beautiful scars is evidence of his love. For John.
They have a quite nice bathtub, not very big, a bit vintage style; the one with four claw-shaped feet. They keep under the lavabo many kinds of bath salts, of various colours and different functions. John likes shea butter scent, and Sherlock always prefer that kind of product which produces lots of bubbles.
What worried her most was not Sherlock’s physical and mental condition—although that was quite worrying—what’s even worse, is that John is
“Yeah, sure, 243 types, I remember that,” John coaxes him, “vividly. Now--” He wants to straighten up, but those two slim arms circle around him like water snakes.
Drops and drops of tears come down from Sherlock’s half-shut eyes. “It’s yours,” his long fingers climb up to cover John’s hand, pressing together close to his heart, “if you want it.”
“Ma’am...We’ve still got several questions to ask here, do you mind stopping crying for a moment?” The Officer sitting at the opposite side of the desk is a robust tall black man, who seemed a little at a loss facing the situation.
“Challenge accepted,” John growls with full passion, his finger finds the waistband of Sherlock’s pajama pants and tugs it all the way down to the ankles, his voice husky, and his head a little dizzy, “If we are very lucky, we are going to have a baby.
is back, are you sure this whole thing about the—” she pauses, and as if spitting out some filthy vicious word, “
“Even so! Those words hurt!” Mary takes the opportunity to lean her head against John’s chest and whines all sloppily.
“Just to the loo, then, fetching a hot towel to wipe your face.” John moves his thumb to wipe one drop of the many tears from Sherlock’s face.
The thinking of about to see Sherlock upstairs in the next minute, whether awake or asleep, makes John both light-hearted and light-footed, and the corner of his mouth rises upwards.
John comes home after a night-shift at the clinic when it’s past midnight. He climbs up the stairs on his tiptoes, skipping with excellent skill one step that creaks. Mrs. Hudson should be asleep now, he doesn’t want to wake her up. Sherlock, if possible, may also be asleep, better not to awake him, either.
“I know I have a lot to explain, but now,” John is holding this ring higher to him, “are you going to say ‘yes’, or are you going to keep me kneeling forever?”
“So…serviettes, Swan or Sydney Opera House?” Sherlock shows two different types of folded serviettes on the tea table, “these two types are all I can do.”
Sherlock nibbles John’s chest with his front teeth, snuggles up to him like a cat, and murmurs: “I know that, John.”
Mrs Hudson observed from the door. Politeness first, then the nerves. Two features impossible to find in Sherlock came up one after another, only three minutes after the doctor showed up. Woman’s hunch told her that this is an unusual day in her life. Something important is happening, and her tranquil life will no longer be the same.
The scenes at the wedding are blurry to Mrs Hudson. It’s not some kind of figure of speech. She actually cries all the way and has misty eyes. She remembers though that the sunshine is cutting through the cold winter air, reflected by the golden glasses of champagne, knocking together to make mirthful crisp sounds. The flowers are beautiful, the music is melodious, there are people smiling, fingers entwined, rings exchanged... Everything she sees is strangely amplified and exaggerated by the tears in her eyes, and it looks like a big bubble with fairytale magic.
“I was just typing, Sir! Frank’s manuscripts are quite ambiguous, I’ve always thought those acronyms are product types...Oh I’ve been so so so stupid not to find out that he’s been dealing with drugs! Of course I was sort of aware of all the other women, yet I thought that’s all it was. That explains why he’s not at home quite often, and the constant uncertainty of his whereabouts... I think I just love Frank too much so that I would not demand to be his only one. I’m satisfied to be one of his women...But now this happened...”
Sherlock takes out his phone. He wants to text John and ask him about this question in some very nasty tone.
Sherlock wonders why Mary is not here picking flowers, too. Oh, something about the groom and the bride aren’t allowed to see each other the night before the wedding. Brings bad luck. Ridiculous superstition.
“Woahhhhhhhhheyhello?!” John brandishes his arms violently from his chair, “There is still someone breathing here! And someone will get jealousy!”
Mrs Hudson had imagined it would be difficult to pretend not to know Sherlock’s alive in front of John. Nevertheless, as long as she saw John, his eyes, the corner of his mouth, the way he walked, the way he kept wordless, his mourning is devastatingly contagious.
Not before long Sherlock already regrets not having corrected Adam’s misunderstanding in time. (Or, in his deep deep down inside, honestly, does he?)
John is interested, it means that she’s twenty to thirty percent successful. Then she came into the house, said those persuasive words both sentimentally and rationally, and was glad to see that the doctor, pushed by his sense of responsibility and empathy, is already half-way in consenting. He would not admit it orally, but it’s all written on his facial expressions. Sherlock’s right about this: John can never conceal anything with his face. And then she made the tear thing, they would be seventy or eighty percent through their way. Great, John said
“I know ash!” Sherlock babbles, eyes still closed, arms encircling John’s head and flailing everywhere. It looks like he never stops feeling good about that old paper he wrote once, even in his dream.
Sherlock was acting so careless and impatient again and dashing out once there’s a new case, leaving the good doctor behind. The doctor looked at her with a little awkwardness and sit in the armchair to read the newspaper. Mrs Hudson was on her way downstairs to make him a cuppa when her long-time-troublesome hip felt a sting and she stumbled and almost fell.
“She’s interested in you. Very. Whenever you tweet, she responds in five minuets, regardless of time or current location, suggesting she has you on text alert. Every time you write a blog about a case and praise me, she leaves sarcastic or sour comments. On her facebook album of your clinic’s last month’s party, you take the centre frame of nearly every photo and look handsome and totally is the star of the room, whereas I am always partly or entirely excluded. Also she has hinted at least three times at different occasions dinner after work for only you two. It’s so obvious, one look at her hair and shoes would tell. I know you neglected those hints, not even realizing what she’s up to.”
“Do people normally propose one day before the wedding?” Asks Sherlock, as he turns over to lay more comfortably.
“OK, OK, going for a wash right away, alright? But not before putting you back in bed, come on,” John mutters, starting to remove his out-of-time sweater. Sherlock hums in disagreeing, not wanting to let go. Somehow the doctor manages to put the sweater away, at the same time, putting Sherlock’s arms behind his neck. He reaches one arm into the sofa to scoop Sherlock’s shoulders, and another behind his back of knees. And it only takes John a lift in both arms to have the detective hanging onto him like a curling boiled lobster. He stands up and carries Sherlock across the experiment-staff-filled kitchen and the narrow corridor, and enters the bedroom. He settles him on the bed (far from the bedroom door, which has been Sherlock’s side since, well, since John takes the side by the door), tugs the duvet to cover along his chest.
When they pushed her to the carpet, she fell onto the burgundy dressing gown Sherlock had thrown on the floor before he left.
John kneels down to the floor, turns Sherlock over and supports the back of his head. Sherlock’s eyes are shut, his eyebrows frowning, his face in agony. John knows that he’s having a nightmare. As soon as he releases him out of the wrap of the duvet, Sherlock automatically grabs John’s clothes and cries out: “Don’t, John John John, don’t--”
Sherlock replies fluently: “Many unexpected skills are required in the field of criminal investigation—”
Not only does John is enthusiastic about locking himself up with the social bonds and chains of marriage, but also demonstrates incredible interests in planning the wedding, which is a disastrously crowded and tumultuous and meaningless party for family and friends. His passion for wedding planning even exceeds his passion for crime solving. Sherlock feels furious: how come he never sees that bit in John Watson in the past?
Before he is getting out of the cubicle anew, he sees Mary walking towards him with a very unpleasant manner, accompanied by John, and followed by a very deflated Adam.
“Sherlock, are you alright?” John asks, worried. He checks his pulse and eyelids, and tests his forehead with his own. Heart rate is a bit rapid and temperature is a bit high, but nothing serious. He placates him with his palm massaging his nape and patting on his back. Sherlock’s rumbling heartbeat hits his chest, and his hot and short breath is puffing against his ear.
“Stop,” John grabs Sherlock’s shoulders hard, “Stop it, Sherlock, any version of me would never have said anything like that to you in any univer—”
Sherlock snuggles up tighter to John’s firm chest, lifts their tangled together left hands and has one more admirative look at the ring on his finger.
Maybe due to the magical pronunciation of the French word, Sherlock finds that, for the first time, marriage is not a so repulsive concept.
“Sherlock hates to point out the obvious.” John said icily. They knew what happened, they didn’t need to say the words. It’d be redundant . And if it wasn’t healthy, he couldn’t bring himself to care. Not at that point.
But that was just a small part of him, because it was John touching him, it was his warm hands against his skin (not desperately trying to find a pulse, not helping him dress, like before he had left the hospital the previous morning), his eyes were still too bright and big, and it was just them, in their sitting room, sharing breathing space and painful words and yet it was good, It was more than good; he needed that closeness, that warmth, they both did.
He didn’t even particularly care about the state Victor was in: fractures, dehydration, blood loss and, of course, the two fingers cut off his hands.
He had not expected Mycroft Holmes’ assistant – to be completely honest he had not known what to expect, exactly. They got inside the car and the woman said, “Mr. Holmes needs to talk to you – and to your fiancé.”
Further notes at the end of the chapter (which is long as hell, but I didn't want to break it in two chapters)
He had known the man had had military training,  but it was more apparent than ever  that he was more than a hired killer.
There was a man behind her, and for a moment, just one moment, despite everything, Sherlock believed that he had not been wrong about her.
There were still slight traces of the kiss they had shared, in the way Sherlock’s hair was mussed and his lips moist and swollen, but the dark smudges under his eyes had deepened, somehow, since he had answered the telephone. He took some tentative steps toward Sherlock’s bed, unsure on what to do and started when Sherlock took the remote from his hand.
The people he had killed,  those who had begged for their lives,  the bones he had broken, the men and women he had followed, preyed upon were all there: he took everything in,  before closing the doors,  one by one.
Sherlock still wanted to be a stubborn arsehole – and John felt his lips curving in a smile, thinking that the time where he fell for that particular type of trick was over.
The blogger couldn't help the startled gasp that escaped him when he saw Sherlock's back. It was a criss-cross patchwork of scars. There were scars from lacerations, from what looked like acid burns, and the same word carved over and over again, '
He took off the lid and waved it in front of Sherlock's nose. "Можете ли погодити шта је ово?" (Can you guess what this is?)
The doctor came over and thought about how he should put it. "Because she's been in love with you for years, Sherlock. She completely hated herself for it because she knew that you would never go out with her."
"Do you mind if I finish eating? I'm starving." Sherlock was already reaching for the plate of chicken.
John took over. "We came back to Baker Street and vented about it to Sherlock. Then he said, 'I'll carry your baby for you.' Needless to say, at first I thought he was mocking our fertility situation and I was very angry. But then he explained."
"That's what Mycroft said. He made the man disappear." Sherlock's voice was scarily void of any emotion. He had both his arms wrapped around his belly, like he was protecting the unborn child.
The cab pulled up outside the glass windows of the NSY. Sherlock looked at his watch and payed the driver the agreed upon one hundred pounds through his credit card. The Graysons were already out of the car and walking towards the doors.
He had asked Dr. Clarke when he was 16 about the likely hood of having children. She said that it is possible for him to father his own offspring barring any complications that the rest of the male population face, like bad swimmers. In order for him to mother children though he would have to either use a surrogate or go off of his testosterone and start on some Oestrogen for a half year at least before attempting to conceive. After his last cocaine-morphine binge Mycroft took him back to Dr. Clarke, who was now a lot older than when he last saw her, and she said that despite his reckless behaviour there was no damage to his reproductive organs. The detective was immensely lucky in this regard, most people have their chances of parenting greatly reduced after taking as much drugs as he had.
about making a joke about this!" John said softly. Mary tugged on his sleeve to try to get him to calm down, but he just shook her off.
The people who knew Sherlock, who was nearly everyone in the room (after all, when you meet Sherlock Holmes it usually sticks in your mind), stared openly at him. His hair was in disarray, his clothes were scruffy, and his eyes were scrunched up ever so slightly.
Dizzily and sleepily, he fumbles out of the bedroom and enters the kitchen. There is a note stuck to the handle of the kettle.
“I love you,” John kisses the top of his head, “You know I will always love you, right? It’s always you, and only you. There is no one or anything ever gonna change that.”
Two days afterwards, Sherlock insisted on leaving the hospital and came home. He still walks unsteadily, the wounds on his face are still healing, but he’s no longer as decadent as a few weeks ago. His eyes are bright again and the cool rationality has come back to him.
Later that day, John cleaned her wounds. Fortunately those were minor bleedings and nothing serious. Sherlock saw off Lestrade, who came to take away the very smashed intruder, shuffled very casually into her kitchen and went directly to her fridge.
Oh yeah, can you believe this? John never bothered to ask Sherlock to be his best man. One word would be enough, Sherlock would have immediately agreed; but at least John should have had the courtesy to mention it up? But—no. He just assumes that Sherlock agrees. Assumes Sherlock is more than happy to help him with the planning. Assumes all of the Holmes relatives are coming to the reception. Because sure, the British populace cherishes the traditions of regularly going on attending wedding receptions where their long-out-of-contact relative is supposed to be the groom’s best man. What is going on inside that little head of John’s, is beyond Sherlock’s comprehension.
A wave of panic sweeps across Sherlock’s entire body. He rushes to the mirror to check himself: “What’s it? Is it something wrong that I did? John?”
Sherlock concedes. He disentwines his arms and allows John to drag down the sleeves of the wrinkled dressing gown, and to pull the sticky T-shirt off from his head. John holds him by shoulders and back of knees as he did before, gets to his feet and puts him on the bed. He fluffs up the pillow for him, picks up the duvet from the floor and spreads it onto him, and then gets himself under it after taking off his own pajama top. Sherlock slides into his firm hug like a bouncy and minty piece of pudding, the top of his head touching John’s chin.
He cocks his eye to Adam, who hurries to open the door to the front hall and John goes out holding a very upset Mary in his arms.
With the dress suit highlighting John’s steady posture and muscular lines of his back and waist, he looks taller than he is. With the colours of his waistcoat and his tie echoing his mysteriously blond and silver-grey hair, John’s whole form is encircled by a warm and ethereal halo in this afternoon sunshine.
The next song begins, neither of them speaks more. They just keep dancing together in each other’s arms. Sherlock is thankful of the length of his playlist. It is as long as if there are the rest of their lives ahead of them.
mean? Then what is important? Sherlock wants to ask. But what he does is fiddling sulkily with the little spoons on the table.
It’s a good thing that Sherlock had moved out from the shabby old place on Montagu Street. The boy needs to be looked after. Having him living here, she can at least have an eye on his diet and daily routine. The poor kid has been so thin lately that his cheeks are sinking in. The question is, even though Sherlock would allow her to interfere with his diet or daily things, his bad temper and mischievous behaviors are no way under her control. The blond doctor in front of her, however, who is so modest, sedate and generous, seems to possess a quality that will restrain Sherlock’s caprice and balance his character. What’s more,
“I know, that’s the best part, isn’t it, Mrs. Hudson?” John says patiently, “Now he can be on the wedding. He’ll be just as thrilled as I am.”
He has been bothered by the matters about that woman who left very indecent text alert noise in his phone for a week. Mrs Hudson is so irritated by this. She tried to talk into him this morning not to sulk all the time and giving John a cold shoulder. She suggested him to go out this evening for a nice dinner with John and to go to the riverside to see the New Year’s Fireworks Show. After all, John’s still a little depressed after being dumped on Christmas day, and that’s when and why Sherlock should step up and spend a nice new year’s eve with him. Sherlock had played his violin ceaselessly with his back to her, ignoring both her words and her freshly-baked Cornish Pasty.
Although she did not approve anything such as this phone at all, she was pretty sure that it would be a bad thing if the Americans had it. Mrs Hudson stealthy removed the phone from the dressing gown pocket and placed it into her corset, while making a very convincing whimpering sound.
Adam bents down so low that his body and his legs are in a vertical angle: “Ma’am, please again accept my sincere apology. I should not have assumed inappropriately, or have spoken inappropriately.” The poor young lad is so close from kneeling and begging for forgiveness.
Still in astonishment, Sherlock takes over the bouquet, and the flowers flutter mellifluously in his arms, like melody with fragrance.
His crying words break John’s heart. Where his hands touch and feel is that Sherlock’s T-shirt is all wet both front and back, and there is no way to tell whether they are sweats or tears or both.
“Sorry?” Sherlock’s alone in front of the mirror, and his lost in the thought is interrupted by someone talking not far from him.
“If one can control his subconscious, there would be a lot less trouble,” Sherlock puts one hand on John’s neckline, and muses, “though there’ll be new troubles.”
“You are learning fast today, John, but… but I think…what you might need is… is to get used to doing this with Mary.”
I ignored her, Jesus, Sherlock, I have noticed none of these things you said, I have barely looked at her for more than three seconds whatsoever.” John shakes his head in disbelief, pulls Sherlock into his arms, “I already have
“I know, I know, darling. That is why…” John says gently, his free arm digs into his pocket to get his phone and pushed several buttons, “I’ve just booked a top-level whole-package Spa for you in Soho. Why don’t you go and have a good relax while I will make use the rest of the day to nail down the wedding cakes. Come on, lets’ go and get you a cab...”
“That one I am not particularly aware of. I suppose I just borrowed some familiar name into the dream. Then he’s a despicable murderer under the pretence of public figure. I—I thought I’ve got solid proofs on him, and Mrs. Hudson had talked you into going to confront him with me. However he’s so cunning that not only did he distance himself from my accusations but also made you believe that it was me who got high and slandered some innocent man as upright as him. You got so angry with me, John, so very very angry...”
John holds him tighter than ever with his arms and legs until their entire bodies are pressed together, limbs entangled. “I love every one of your deductions, mind-bendingly brilliant ones and slightly flawed ones; I love every chase I’ve had and will have side by side with you, sweepingly invincible ones and thrillingly dangerous ones; I love everything about you, the best of you and the worst of you. Sometimes I might be mad at you, yes, but it never means that I’d ever leave you or stop loving you. As long as you don’t do anything that harms yourself, you will never disappoint me.”
John sighed inwardly, feeling both relieved and anxious. The bright part is that Sherlock finally got some sleep as told; what worries him, on the other side, he may get cold or backache from sleeping on the sofa instead of in bed. He approaches the sofa, and is not surprised to see Sherlock sprawling on his back, fast asleep. That old T-shirt he uses as pajama top is rolling all its way up, showing a large amount of porcelain white skin. His extremely expensive royal blue dressing gown is now a wrinkled mess between himself and the sofa cushions. Sherlock’s arms are folding on his chest, covering something dingy and grey, which John takes his time to recognize to be his own old sweater. Where did he get that from?
And that is when John’s eyes widen. He gazes at Sherlock, taking him in, and he looks so shocked that he cannot say a single word.
Shaking his head, John goes nearer and crouches by the coffee table, and tugs down Sherlock’s pajama top. His hands may still getting some evening-outside-coldness. So he warms them up, and then reaches over again to tuck the lower hem of the T-shirt into the waistband of the detective’s pajama trousers, so that he won’t roll it up again in his squirming sleep positions.
“Why on earth do we need anyone’s encouragement on that, that’s what we—” John is completely baffled by the bizarre plot.
Sherlock has no idea why there are so many types of flowers to choose from, but he decides he’d better think about it before answering.
he thinking while sleeping? Although he still touches his own jaw subconsciously: late night is always when the stubbles grow the fastest.
she sighed inwardly, must have been so restless to see John going out that he changed clothes in a hurry and followed him out, and forgetting about such an important thing.
“I remember...” John sneakily slides one hand south, “You’ve mentioned...a baby? And you’ve given her a name?”
Martha put her hands down. The rims of her eyes puffed from all the crying, her makeup was a mess. Still, her face was quite attractive. She nodded to the officer, in a lovable and heart-wrenching way, and started talking while sobbing intermittently.
When Sherlock wakes up the next day it’s near noon. He’s in his own bed and the flat is empty. John’s not here.
“Just my hip,” She struggled her way to stand up, “It’s OK, an old-time weakness, turns to haunt up from time to time.” She tried to sound nothing big, yet that sting made tears out of her eyes.
Mrs Hudson was so worried that she had not slept well in several nights in a row, and there were blisters in her mouth.
She watched this in silence for several long minutes and decided to say nothing and do nothing. John never raised his head until she retreated slowly and went back downstairs. She knew that he knew she was there; and he knew that she knew it. However, neither of them mentioned this the other day. Or any day that followed.
“Because they will come,” John says affirmatively, and he checks two different envelope samples against sunlight through the window, “So, Bohemian…how on earth is it different from regular stationary, hmm, Sherlock?”
--Oh my god, that would be my greatest honour, boys! From the first time I saw you two standing in my living room, I know that you belong to each other and mean to be together. It took longer than I have expected, to be honest, but still, I’m so happy for you!
could he not be there, when Sherlock is in hell? After all this, after Sherlock’s more-than-two-years fake death and John’s less-than-one-year marriage, how could they not cherish what they have in the present?
“No, you didn’t,” John’s voice is shaky. He steps closer, lifts one hand to cradle Sherlock’s nape and the other hand goes to adjust his tie for him, and now Sherlock can see the watery glamour from his starry blue eyes: “You look
“No appetite?” John takes the spoon from his hand and scoops some cake to his mouth, “or do you just want me to do this for you?” Sherlock lifts his eyes and looks at him through his lashes, John’s eyes are fixing on him with hope: “Tell me which flavour you prefer, OK? I’m so clueless in the aspect of desserts.”
Sherlock listens to him telling the story, a little absent-mindedly. He wants to ask John what the expression in his eyes and the words from his mouth meant, in that fitting room, earlier this afternoon, when John saw them in identical dress suits.
As John is getting fascinated and intoxicated, Sherlock pulls back a little, places one palm on John’s chest and pushes him, making blaming noises.
“Shh, it’s OK,” John holds him from above his waist and wipes his sweaty forehead, “It’s OK, Sugarnut(*1), I’m here, I’m here.”
“I swear I know nothing, Mr. Officer! I married Frank two years ago, and we moved to Florida a couple of months afterwards. We have a house at the beach. He tells me he’s running a Cartel, dealing with some imports and exports of medical materials. How would I comprehend anything about the business! I buy every word he told me without the slightest doubt. I stay at home for most time, and I also teach kids to dance and make cookies at kindergarten.”
“Hey, hey, Babe, look at me,” John forces him to look up, “I am here. We are good. You’ve had a bad dream, but it’s alright, it’s over now.”
John, kneeling down on one knee, is looking directly, fixedly and steadily and glowingly at him. What’s even more glorious than the smile on his face, is an enormous bundle of dazzling colourful flowers: Red roses, pink lilies, lavender babysbreath, salmon carnations, and purple tulips and white calla lilies, with green leaves and stems, all dripping water onto both men’s shoes.
Sherlock nods, and shifts inch by inch toward John’s chest, his voice broken and vulnerable: “John, I’ve promised you not to ever use again and I will keep that promise. But maybe I won’t be able to be one hundred percent correct in every deduction, neither can I win every match against the criminal classes. Will you be disappointed at me? Will you still love me?”
At seven o’clock p.m., she opened the front door of 221 and welcomed Sherlock and his potential flatmate. It only took her one look to be aware of the significance of this new friend to Sherlock. At least it was Sherlock who liked him a lot, despite the fact that Sherlock may not realized it yet. She watched Sherlock putting away his habitual harsh words and rude manner, introducing her to the new guest with impeccable politeness, jogging upstairs with excitement, waiting on the landing for the crippled doctor to come up, and opened the door to 221B for him with extreme chivalry.
John laughed. He genuinely laugh. Even with everything that was going on, Mrs Hudson looking at him like he was a savior still made him crack a laugh.
- Thanks Mycroft, Sherlock answered when John just gaped at the man. But I reckon you are not here for sorries.
- Intuition. Now, you will hide somewhere safe and wait. Do not try anything, am I clear? You'll tell her you got out so she feels safe, he continued without actually waiting for an answer, but instead Lestrade and his agents will surround the building after you sent me a message to signify her presence in the house. I'll come to Euston Road as soon as I called Scotland Yard, and we'll arrest her. Smooth and clean! he concluded, seemingly very proud of his idea.
- I know that! Can you please explain to me why the center of this mess seems to be my house? he cried out.
- My brother have always been an addict. He always will be. There is nothing you or me or anyone else can do.
by Robert Harris, half typing on her phone, probably to Janine. The pregnancy was coming to an end now, the baby would be born within two months. John was delighted of course, but he was also very nervous. And as much as people told him it was perfectly normal,
- One on you, dear! Mary interrupted the detective. Sherlock could never admit it, but he cares deeply about you, some might even say he loves you. And when Jim threatened to harm one out of the three of you, or all of you, he just didn't have the guts to see you die. So he jumped. Of course, he should have died that day, she retorted..
John was about to argue, but Sherlock did not leave him the time to as he resumed talking, now addressing to Mary.
John could not help but be fond at his friend's genuine excitation after having made up a plan. He was like a child, sometimes, wanting to be rewarded for his wittiness. However, he could not help but feel anxious about the plan. Of course, Mary had to be stopped, but what if something went wrong? What if somebody died? He was not in love with Mary anyway, at least not with who she really was, but he still cared about her. He could not help but to. But even if he did not, what if something happened to Sherlock, to Lestrade, to Rosie, to Mrs Hudson, to anyone they cared about? He would probably always blame himself and die of consuming guiltiness. He was cut short in his thoughts as Sherlock spoke again:
Mycroft probably was not very keen on helping as Sherlock replied to his brother with an irritated voice.
- She is my wife Sherlock! What the hell were you thinking hiding this from me! This is big! This is not some...
- Spare me John, we both know you're lying to yourself. Here is the truth: Mary is not home, she is not answering her phone and she is an ex assassin. Even the foulest man in the world wouldn't ignore those signs. And you are not, bless me, the stupidest.
He had picked Rosie up one hour and a half earlier, and the baby was now sleeping, gently cradled in Molly's arms. It had not been easy at the hospital, everyone looking at him with pity-filled eyes, glaring like he was an alien. He had felt like an animal in a cage, the doctors oppressing him with their questions about his wife and their “It will be fine”. Like they knew the whole reasons for Mary's disappearance. They knew nothing, yet they still acted like it would all go back to normal, like mothers breaking out of a maternity hospital leaving behind their newborns happened every Sunday. But now Rosie seemed at peace, magically unaware of the beautiful disaster that surrounded her and everything that would be her life.
, his inner voice sing-sang him. He chose to ignore it, but he could not let go of the nagging doubt in the back of his mind. It was ridiculous, but he hurried to the living room, the moonlight the only light shadowing the room, and took the Paris snow globe from the shelf where it stood. He turned it over and over again, but nothing. There was
- My name is Thomas Milburgh and I was your wife's obstetrician, the man repeated with a heavy sigh.
Sherlock and John stayed silent in the cemetery, the sun slowly taking over the cloudy sky. It would be beautiful tomorrow. He was grateful. John smiled before turning to his friend, a question dancing in his thoughts.
He threw his phone on the couch and let out a frustrated noise as it bounced on a pillow and crashed on the floor. He carefully stepped closer to the floor and picked it up. And okay, it was definitely
suicide this time. If the plane had not turned back, Sherlock would have died in a period of six months. That was a revelation. Then James Moriarty. The video. Probably the weirdest thing they had ever seen, the hardest case. It was recorded, that was for sure. You can't exactly come back from shooting yourself in the head. But then who had sent it on air? How could Moriarty have known what to say?
- You mean when you mourned for two years after your best friend jumped off Saint Bart's? she replied, now facing him and imitating a pitiful pout.
She shot him a black look to shut him up as the driver's door opened and quickly slammed back close. Sherlock started the engines and pushed the accelerator pedal. The tires squealed on the tarmac. It seemed surreal to John, like he was in a nightmare and he would soon wake up in his bed, in a world in which Mary never shot Sherlock, in which the overdose never happened. In which he was peaceful, soon to be a dad, with a loving and caring wife. Instead he was in a car at three and thirty-eight in the morning, his best friend blew through every spotlights to keep Mary from giving birth in a bloody
Mary had talked about a game. She had laughed when Sherlock had said he wouldn’t play. And she was right: they had played and played and played for
Herman Bennett had lost weight since he had last seen him – he had been tall and burly – he had been happy, despite being in prison.
John looked worried when he joined them in the morgue with Greg, and it took Molly a moment to notice the way he was standing too close to Sherlock, and how some of the tension in Sherlock's bloody seemed to deflate, just a little.
- I believe she has lied to you, and even though I can't be sure of it, I think she is still hiding something. Once again, I wish it could go any other way. I'm…
Sherlock looked surprised at John's outburst, and Mycroft at both of them, then sighed. They stopped fighting like stupid teenagers. They were listening to him, he was important. John grinned. He was grateful.
The wind was howling. The gun. Mary about to shoot Sherlock. John palming the revolver in his pocket. Pulling the trigger. Mary. Black spots dancing before his eyes. The world spinning. Mary falling to the ground. Screaming. Blood. Blood everywhere. Death. Mary. Mary. Mary is dead.
- I think you miscalculated everything. You're bluffing, you're trapped, he replied matter-of-fatly. Just answer one last question: you were a sniper that day, weren't you?
He cursed under his breath as the digital clock counted down the seconds, like an hourglass. Like an accusation. Like a little lullaby that always stays in your mind, obsessing you with its unbearable melody. “Hurry up, or you will ruin everything”, it was singing to him again and again, like a loop, turning him crazy. Three minutes had passed, Mary had not answered yet, but John froze when he heard the distinct sound of keys being shaken out of a pocket. Seconds passed before he bolted up the stairs and got into the first room to his left, leaving the door ajar behind him. Rosie's bedroom. His steps were unheard as the floor was covered in a pastel pink afghan that Mary had chosen, claiming it was “appropriate for a little girl” when John had complained they would grow tired of it. He quickly adverted the room, and was relieved to find a closet. He opened the door, wishing for it to be new enough to be noiseless, and apparently there was still a God somewhere as his prayers were answered. He stepped in and shut the sliding door, being immediately plunged into darkness. He tried to keep his breathing quite, willing his heart to stop racing, and palmed his jumper pocket for his phone. He put it on mute before unlocking it, lowering the brightness right away. "She is here. I'm hiding in Rosie's wardrobe". His friend answered in the ten seconds following his text. "Oh, so you're in the closet now. SH". And, okay, cool, Sherlock still found the will to crack jokes at him. "Shut up and do your part" John wrote. He was being petty, but it was part of their game, of their dynamic.
- I'll come back when things have settled down a little, John said as he was standing on Molly's threshold.
He got back to the menu screen and a picture of him and Mary at their wedding stared back at him, almost like it knew he was having an internal conflict about them. He furiously locked his phone with a grunt. He would not answer his friend. He would not give him the satisfaction. But he could not help feeling a bit curious. How did Sherlock know about Mary's little disappearances? He could not help feeling like he was missing something, blinded by his love for Mary and his trust in her honesty. His hand grabbed his phone again, without his mind's consent (because apparently his hands did that now) and his fingers independently searched for Sherlock's number and pressed the “call” icon. The phone rang for about one second and a half before the familiar voice of the detective was heard through the phone.
- I put a tracking device on your phone. Well, not exactly a tracking device but whatever. It's the fifth time you've called her tonight, and the twenty-eight time in the past days.
- How did nobody realized she was gone? he shouted, his voice faltering near the end of the sentence.
tired. Sherlock and him had been here since about sixteen and had spent half an hour minutes inspecting every split of the house. They had not found anything incriminating yet, but John could not hope it meant Mary was clean anymore. He was done lying to himself. The doctor looked around the room, his eyes roaming every detail they could have put to good use before settling on the pieces of glass still on the carpet. He broke his focus and lifted from the couch. He walked to the corner of the rug, which was still damp, and picked up the shards that once were the pretty Eiffel Tower and were now shattered for ever. It was a comic metaphor for John's domestic life: once beautiful, now broken beyond repair. He let out a sad laugh before stepping in the wet surface of the mat, his sock darkening as the water penetrated into the cotton. He let out a curse before crouching down to reach for what was left of the snow globe under the bookcase. He extended his arm under the cupboard and grabbed the object with great difficulty, as it had rolled under until it thumped the peach wall. He slided out when he had it and let out an exhale as he got back on his feet.
- Okay. Can we not, like, fight right now? John annoyingly said. We will get rid of them, Mycroft. Sherlock and I know the stakes in game, okay?
And then the line went down, Sherlock having probably hung up to go back to concocting new plans. John took a glance at the digital clock on the wall, and gulped when he saw it was already eleven and thirty-eight. He had to get Rosie, and then he had to get rid of her again. He felt guilty abut being such a bad father, but she would be safer far away from him now.
John would have laughed if he did not have to be absolutely silent to, you know, stay alive. Usual business. "Don't worry, I already called Lestrade; Scotland Yard is sending him with twenty men. SH". John kept himself from answering but felt immense relief wash through him: the law was on their side. Mycroft was already an assurance of safety (kind of), but Scotland Yard meant legal, recognized, clean. There would not any problems regarding Mary's arrest if they had the police on their side.
- Mary is gone. Let me explain, he said when he saw her face paling little by little (it would have been funny, in any other situation). This morning I got a call saying she just vanished. The nurse came ad she wasn't in her room. Plus... he hesitated, I don't know if Sherlock mentioned it but he believes, sorry
Entering Baker Street again felt strange, like both friends were suddenly aware of everything again: the fall, the wedding, the overdose... The flat felt like a bubble ready to implode. Mrs Hudson had been very nice to John, but he could see that even she blamed him for not visiting earlier, for letting Sherlock recover on his own for over a week. But he did not get the time to dwell on it as the detective dragged him to the living room and pushed him on a chair. He then himself went to the opposite armchair and sat, crossing his hands under his chin and staring at John.
. “We might have to change the plans”, Mycroft had said, very calmly as usual. They still did not know what had happened, why all the agents abruptly left like the devil just appeared to them. They did not know anything. But it was fine. Because as the plane turned back, John Watson felt at peace.
- And that's it? You just gave up because you couldn't take care of your brother? Because it was all too much for you?
There it was. The elephant in the room. John sighed but did not say anything, probably out of tiredness, or cowardice. Instead he just looked at Sherlock and waited for him to continue his explanation of the plan. But the detective seemed lost in his thoughts, his eyes looking to an empty fixed point on the opposite wall, the one with the yellow smiley taunting them with its in animated joy. John could not believe the detective's story: how could it be real? He thought it was all over years ago, he had hoped back then that it would never come up again. Apparently he was wrong. Because it worked, Sherlock's explanation made sense. Of course it did, the man being a genius and all. And it scared him, this theory was frightening because it meant they were not safe anymore. Mary, John, Sherlock, the baby... Nobody was safe if someone like Moriarty, or even worse, was back and working to break them again. John was snapped out of his thoughts by Sherlock's fingers moving in front of his eyes, exactly one inch away from his face. He huffed and got up from the chair to follow the consultive detective to the board. Crosses were drawn all over it, pictures of men and pubs circled in red. He glanced at Sherlock and saw him looking at him with concern and nervousness and something akin to contriteness.
. He was about to abandon his useless research and send Sherlock to hell when his thumb nail got stuck in a crack between the snow globe's base and the glass as he was smoothing it down. It was not big enough to cause a leak, but definitely not small enough to be a manufacturing defect. As his breath became ragged, a bad feeling taking over his senses, he slowly removed the base and watched amazed as the false snow fell on the rug Mary was so keen on keeping although it was ruined by time and eaten by moths. The miniature glass-made Eiffel Tower shattered on the floor, water pooled on the top-left corner of the rug and then, to John's horror, a minutely folded paper of one inch slowly glided to the ground, gently rocked by the wind coming from the open window. John paled and picked it up with trembling hands. Unfolding it and praying it was innocuous, he thought back to every bad choice that led him to this moment, hating every single one of them. “666 217 01”. The number before him seemed to challenge him, waiting for the dam to break. What did it mean? Weirdly short for a phone number or coordinates, too long for an address... The now empty snow globe fell from the doctor's hands to the ground and rolled under the desk, its crash softened by the thick rug. He folded the paper back with shaking hands and slided it in his front pocket. Mechanically, John took his phone from his back pocket and unlocked it. 3008.
He threw his phone to the ground with a distressed shout. His back hit the wall and he slided down to the floor, he fisted his hands in his hair and screamed. He screamed with everything he had, the air leaving his lungs. But no one heard him, no one was here to hear him anymore.
“She was here”, John heard the words from the bathroom and almost bolted to his friend. And there, before his eyes, was standing the proof of Mary's presence in the house earlier today: water drops were slowly dripping from the shower head, steam fading but still tangible on the mirror, a damp towel hanging from the rail. There was also the distinct smell of coconut shampoo still lingering in the air. John inhaled and shut his eyes. When he reopened them, Sherlock was looking at him with concern-filled eyes. The doctor shrugged before going forward, going past his friend and the questions the detective probably had and went back to the living room.
- Long story short: there were three snipers on the day I staged my death. One was on Mrs Hudson, one on Lestrade, and one on...
did not know. What if Mary still had guns around the house? What was he supposed to do? Why did nobody write a
It felt like the world had stopped turning, like time was frozen. The letter was one of many, and above it was one from a so called Tony to Jim, and above that one from Franz to Bill. It was a record. A record of all the archives of the organization in Great Britain. It was terrifying, mind blowing, heart-wrenching. Sherlock had been right: it was sway bigger than any of them had imagined. John's head started spinning faster and faster and the next thing he knew he was laying on the couch, a cushion under his arms which held his hand. He vaguely heard the faint voice of Sherlock on the phone: “I am asking you to watch out for Mary's move. Find her and track her. I need to know where she is at every moment of the day”. Then, a pause as who John guessed was Mycroft answered on the other line. And at last Sherlock hung up with a “I'll send you everything”. John heard footsteps and then Sherlock was back in the room, talking to someone. John frowned as he realized he was the one addressed and tried (and half failed) to listen to his friend.
- Sherlock? I sent a text to the number I found in the snow globe, but they never answered. Do you think I made a mistake?
Watson did not wait the older man's answer before walking away, angry at the whole world. Molly was still working on the analysis in the lab and Sherlock was sleeping after having woken up for about one minute and a half. Mary was sitting on an armchair Molly brought her so that she would not get tired with her baby belly. Her eyes crossed his and he turned away. He did not know if he was really mad at her anymore, but right now he would have snapped against whoever stood in his way. He thought back to the whole day. When he had woken up that morning, it was to say goodbye to his best friend who would leave to Serbia on a “mission”. He left on that plane with a false smile on his face and fear in his eyes. But John was blinded back there. His reconciliation with Mary was still fresh and fragile, and he did not really get the point of everything. Not when it mattered. “He wasn't suppose to come back”, Mycroft had said later, much later. It wasn't a mission, it was a suicide. A
Nobody answered as Lestrade kept looking for them. It felt like they were in another universe, like in a bubble they had built from rage and anguish and outsmarting one another.
- Of course we'll stop him, stop speaking nonsense John. This is why we're here, after all. We both know this isn't some kind of courtesy visit anymore.
John nervously laughed before turning his attention to the folder. Sherlock double-clicked on it and they waited for the content to load. It felt like hours of waiting, like an eternity with the little circle turning and turning on the screen, like a mantra, indicating that the laptop was working. Like it did not understand, like it refused the informations he was given.
- You think you can stop me Sherlock? You think you can stop this? Have you not realized yet that this is way bigger than everything you could have ever imagined? she snapped back, extending her hand in a showing motion at the city that expended below them.
A woman who was doing some paperworks behind the register quickly got up from her chair and came to the Watson couple. She then rapidly took Mary's pulse, trying to calm a raging John, and nodded at one of her colleague who approached them. The man proceeded to lower Mary in a wheelchair with John's help, and soon enough the shape of Mary Watson slowly faded in a seemingly endless corridor, leaving behind a completely distressed John.
He offered her the brightest smile he could manage with the current situation. He must have been pretty convincing, if the blinded grin she gave him back was anything to go by. She made a “oh” sound, like she had forgotten something, and then moved from the threshold so that John could enter the house. He was surprised to see every curtains drawn. However, contrary to the shadowy atmosphere, the place was sparkling clean, as always. He looked around before stepping into Mrs Hudson's little living room and sat on the couch as the old landlady came back from the kitchen with appetizing cakes and streaming tea embalming the whole room with its exquisite smell.
And then the door slammed shut and John was alone again, in the deep maze that was his mind at the moment, everything mixing until nothing made sense. He did not cry, he just felt numb, empty, like he had been drained of every feeling, of every emotion. He was not angry, nor distraught, nor particularly surprised. He was nothing at all. Only one word made it through the thick fog of his thoughts: lie. Everything he had been told was a lie, his life was a lie. Eventually, John got up from the sofa to the kitchen. He opened a cupboard and took a bottle of whiskey. He would cry tomorrow, he would start thinking about the future tomorrow. Tonight, he would drink. Quickly, one bottle turned to two then to three, and the last thing John saw before blacking out was the bright light coming from the laptop still on the coffee table, staring at him and judging, probably. Because for the first time in years, John Watson let go of all reason. Nothing mattered anymore anyway, except for the numbness to stop, for life to stop, just for a little while.
John turned around abruptly and was startled to face his best friend, wearing his signature coat and purple scarf. As if everything was completely normal. John was furious. He was completely mad at the whole world, and if Sherlock was at the receiving end of his anger,
John stayed miserable on the floor for two hours before he decided he had to act. He slowly got up from the carpet he was half-laid on and gripped the nearest bookcase as his still-sour legs trembled from the too quick movement. He was still sore after spending so much time on the floor, and he had to stay still for a minute or two before moving to the kitchen and having a glass of water. He watched his reflection in the huge mirror that covered almost the whole surface of one of the kitchen's wall. He looked terrible: pale like a sick man, red bloodshot eyes watered by his now drying tears, slumbered shoulders that seemed to carry a way too heavy burden, and clothes that still had wine stains from the day before, when he and Mike had celebrated Rosie's birth at his friend's place. Seeing his awful figure made him realize that he had not properly slept, nor felt really at peace, since at least a week and a half. Since the overdose, if he was to be honest with himself. He let out a shaking breath and headed to the entrance hall. He took his khaki coat, his keys on the key ring that spot a rainbow one of his youngest patient had given him, and got outside. It was around a quarter past fifteen, but the sky was stormy, yet paradoxically calm, like it was mourning with John. There were a lot of people outside, but they looked like ghosts to the doctor as he took the familiar road to Baker Street, walking under threatening and sad clouds.
- That's all you have for me? Speculations? On my wife's back? On my back? No no you listen for once, he said as Sherlock was about to speak back. You will stay away from my family's business until you find proof of Mary's guiltiness. And if you don't you will apologize to us. Am I being clear?
- You didn't listen to what I just said! I said James was dead, but not Moriarty. At least I'm almost sure it isn't.
- It's only natural John, Molly answered with a compassionate smile, patting his arm with her free hand.
- Shut up! Do you... Don't you get what you're telling me? You're asking me to spy on my wife, who is pregnant with my child, who could give birth at any moment, based on suspicions you can't prove? Well big news, I'm out! You're alone this time.
Blood pooling out, everywhere. Sherlock unharmed. Scotland Yard. A shock blanket draped over them. Mary. Moriarty. Dead.
- Actually, is Sherlock here? I would kind of need to talk to him about a... case, he said, even though the last word got half stuck in his throat.
- Amazing snow globe you have here, John! Look at all the details of the Eiffel Tower, you can almost see yourself there. I really…
something. He stepped forward, placing a single orchid in the center of the already existing bunch of flowers, and sighed heavily. At least it was over, no more Moriarty, no more Mary, no more danger. At least not for a while. Of course they would probably have to bring down the rest of the men, but there would not be a leader, nobody would know about Mary's passing. In the end, they had won.
- Then we can stop this once for all! he picked up. The organization will be chaotic for a while, a fault in the system, without a leader, and that is when we will bring it down. It will give us an opportunity, a chance... She has no successor yet! Oh! That's brilliant John, very good!
- Working!? Are you kidding me? What must be so important that you don't even ask me if everything is going fine with my wife?
As he walked to the hospital, he thought about entrusting Rosie to Mrs Hudson, but then decided against it. Baker Street would not be safer than his house, and if the plan failed (which he hoped not, really), then she would probably go there, guessing this is where he would leave the baby. Perhaps he could ask Molly? Yeah, that seemed like a reasonable enough decision. He took out his phone and wrote out a “Hi! Could you take care of Rosie for a couple of days?”. He felt bad, only talking to her when he needed her help, but he did not have time to dwell on it as she immediately answered with an “Of course! Something is up?”. He sighed and locked his phone; deciding he would (maybe) explain everything later. He owned her that.
John did not know you could feel like fire and ice were contemporary running through his veins. He had not cleaned up the mess he had made with the snow globe. It was still there, like a sentence staring back at him. And Mary would see it, she would know he discovered her secret, even if he still did not know what it meant. The truth was that he would not accept the proof he was given of Mary's guiltiness. She had something to do with everything that was going on, somehow. “Be ready to run, if necessary”, Sherlock mouthed as an audible gasp came from the next room. John froze as his body automatically went into soldier mode. John cursed it to stay calm: it was only his wife, for God's sake. Footsteps echoed into the room, like a fatality coming to life. But, as John and Sherlock were expecting a furious ex-killer (
- A safe… Sherlock repeated. Then, as if struck by lighting: A safe! He shouted as he stormed out of the flat.
- What? What is there to discuss? You betrayed me, played with my feelings when I was the weakest and...
- Oh look who is here just in time for the dramatic turn of event? she giggled, clicking her tongue in an annoying habit.
After the reception, everyone left very quickly, of course. Nobody really wanted to be here anyway, they were all doing it for John's sake. He was grateful. Sherlock and him were the only ones left: the detective leaning on an old tomb, John holding a peacefully sleeping Rosie in his arms and looking at the flawless baby. His daughter, who would grow up without a mother. Yet she was perfect, so beautiful. John thought back to everything that could have happened to her, and felt immense relief flow through him. He was grateful. Both friends were interrupted when somebody approached them, holding a file in their hands. Mycroft, of course. His brother was already next to him when John joined them. Sherlock glanced at him, concern written on his face, a frown slowly making its way between his eyebrows. Sherlock cared, and John was happy someone still did. He was grateful.
"No, you imbecile!" Sherlock ran a hand through his hair. "I think that the kidnappers meant to kidnap Jasmine, but instead got Isabella. Therefore, if you look into the Whitleys, you might find some illegal activity and hopefully some people they have a bad relationship with."
"Congratulations. The result came back positive. We will take another test in a few days to make sure but I am fairly confident you are pregnant. I'll leave you to call the Watsons now, bye!"
Usually something like this would annoy Sherlock, but today few things could crush his spirits. "Do you know of any good books on the first trimester?"
It took Sherlock a minute to realise that she was joking. He chuckled and said "I'm not. And I don't have a wife or girlfriend either. This is research for my job."
He had seen John trying not to go to pieces. He had talked to William Moore and listened as Joan gave her statement about what had happened. He had seen Janine’s body, he had remembered how she had flirted with Sherlock and danced with every man at the wedding and her bright smile.
He had not wanted John’s words to fully register, despite being the one asking him to go back to Mary – but he did remember the nursery’s description – the pale yellow of the walls, the stuffed animals and all the paraphernalia that was apparently necessary for a newborn.
had prepared him for. John Watson felt about a hundred years old, his soul kept together by spit, adrenaline and Christ knew what.
Greg Lestrade had simply told him to clean up his act if he wanted to be allowed anywhere near a crime scene in London and he had meant every syllable.
Joan was fine. She sounded tired and in pain and her voice had still that drowsy quality to it due to painkillers; she had jokingly asked if he would still marry her if she developed an addiction to oxycodone. He hadn’t joked when he had said he would marry her anyway, that he wanted to get married as soon as he came back.
And he really did, Greg thought; Sherlock probably knew, from the way the letters curved or from the smudges of ink on the paper. It didn't really matter, he decided, especially when Sherlock handed him back the slip of paper, without saying another word. He didn’t move when Sherlock, pale as a bloody spectre, yellowing bruises on his face and neck, got up from the bed, he didn’t move even when he noticed how stiff Sherlock’s movements were and he remembered the blood in that basement, and how many stitches it had taken to patch him up – he kept looking at the wall, ignoring Sherlock as much as he could because of course the bastard would not accept his help if he offered. Not Sherlock Holmes, not from him.
He had no idea what he was referring to: his plan to beat Moriarty at his own game? How he would fake his death? How much he loved him?
“You won’t.” The man said, interrupting him. His voice was warm – he was a smoker, part of him deduced, he was sitting down somewhere, in the USA, he was calm, completely in control.
“I am in love with you,” Sherlock said. He spoke quickly, but his eyes bore into his and he had thought he was fine, perfectly fine with not hearing Sherlock ever say those words. They had been together for months and he knew, he was only too aware of how loved he was.
"And after that? Are you going to track down all my enemies? It might take a while. Don't you have a country to run, brother dear?" Sherlock said, and the vehemence in his voice  was genuine that time.
Sherlock was clean, now. Even at the hospital he had stubbornly refused painkillers, which had been crazy to Greg: he had
“Obviously, whoever is in charge has deemed you expendable. Your lawyers are nowhere to be found and, furthermore, as far as official records about your arrest and your very existence there aren’t any. Therefore, how can you be granted immunity if you do not exist?”
Victor had been his first lover and would be the only one of he could help it; physical release with strangers didn't count. That man was admittedly good, though: suction, velvety heat, just the tiny hint of teeth. And Sherlock gave in: he closed his eyes, his fingers digging into the man's shoulder, his hips desperately trying to keep up with the rhythm the man had set up.
There was also a further personal reason for her stalling: she had played with their lives for far too long to be able to just stop; she
Sherlock opened his eyes, his voice was soft, but the look in his eyes was cold, and she knew he had had the same look in his eyes before he had killed the men who had taken the blonde doctor (Joan? Jane?), she had seen the videos.
“I’m sorry to bother you right now, but we need to ask you some questions.” Sherlock said. He was standing in front of the man, his hands in the pockets of his coat, but his voice was gentle, soothing.
“Look at me,” Sherlock said. And John knew that he had talked to him. “John.” He added, “Look at me.”
Mycroft opened his briefcase and took a white box from it, handing it to him: it was larger than the black box found on Janine’s legs and it had no padlock.
Jim Moriarty was dead, he had no doubts about that. He had blown his head off and even if the first few days after Sherlock’s fake suicide were blurred in his mind, he remembered hearing Mycroft at the funeral, telling him that Jim Moriarty had killed himself. Of course they had been standing over a empty hearse when Mycroft had told him, but he had seen how much Mycroft really cared for his brother, he wouldn’t make the same mistake twice, he wouldn’t doubt Mycroft’s loyalty once again. The first man he saw was handcuffed to a radiator, he was unconscious, he had been hit on the head with something heavy. That was just the beginning.
“Ah…” Sherlock said. He gave him a small smile and said, “It’s worth a shot anyway. They won’t kill her. She’s…”
“I’m glad to hear that, Sherlock.” Doctor Hood said and he was sincere. He was a good man, he had no reason to lie.
Again lies within truths. Nothing of what she had just said was false, per se, but Sherlock still thought that she was lying, that she was just giving a convincing performance, for John, mostly.
Mary used her right hand to balance the weight of the gun and that gesture clinched it – it was deliberate. She wanted him to deduce – she wanted him to feel what she must have felt, after.
“John…” Sherlock said. He didn’t sound worried, he sounded perfectly calm, but his right hand was splayed above his chest and John could feel Sherlock’s fingers twitch.
John shrugged, discovering that smiling at Sherlock, especially if the man was smiling as well, was easier than expected.
There were things his colleagues didn’t need to know, because it was none of their business and Sherlock was his friend.
He still wasn’t touching the dead woman’s body and he still hadn’t asked both about the box and the note.
Sherlock frowned, confused. "You forgave me." Sherlock said. Wasn't it the only thing that mattered?
The text John Watson had received had been just another piece of that large puzzle that had finally clicked into place. Those people had made their move and they were leaving John with no real choice except that – doing what they had asked.
She had to know about the knife. There was no way she had not noticed; even now, especially now. He could hear movement outside – and so could Mary, it really wouldn’t be long now. And she still didn’t care.
he had just heard in his brother's voice, so he only said, "The fact remains that they are privy to information that it wasn't easily accessible."
He saw, as if in slow motion, the man pulling the trigger, the spray of blood painting the white background crimson red, Mary’s head lolling on a side, her eyes open, unseeing.
“They said they would kill my daughter if I didn’t meet Herman Bennett,” John said. He had heard the door opening, he had known he had been observing him – it felt good to have John’s eyes on him, to know that he was still there, with him, in that room, not just physically, but with everything he was.
He had not expected that particular assignment, he would have objected to it hadn’t it been for the money and the assurance that Joan would be safe.
The problem was that Herman Bennett couldn't just disappear or have some tragic accident while in prison; there would be a trial, there were victims’ relatives and loved ones who wanted justice, who wanted answers.
Herman Bennett, they weren’t yapping away about Jim Moriarty, they were cogs in that machine meant to destroy him. And Sherlock felt
Things were fucked up. William Moore definitely didn’t like the latest updates he was getting. When his mobile rang, he lived a moment of authentic dread – only partially mitigated by the fact that it was Irene Adler’s number.
John looked at him: Sherlock’s presence in the hospital was causing all kind of whispers, even because of the media attention the murders and Alyce’s kidnapping had got, even though the media was mostly in the dark about what had happened to him; all they knew was that he had been instrumental in Bennett's capture, so he was not exactly surprised that the doctor seemed to know who Sherlock was, nevertheless he felt slivers of worry in his gut and it must have shown on his face, because the doctor said, “You are a doctor, you know how fast news travel in a hospital. I also read newspapers and watch telly, you know?”
He heard Anthea entering his office; she waited for him to address her, she was keeping a respectful distance, but she was concerned for him and for the breach in security they were facing.
joking and that the light tone of his voice carried truth in it, nevertheless he smiled back. He shivered, but stayed outside, for a few more minutes, after Mycroft left, his eyes closed, willing his heart to calm down its frantic beating, only when he felt his emotions under control he went back inside the hospital, to Sherlock.
"What do you expect me to reply to your words, John? Herman Bennett is unimportant." Sherlock said. John clenched his jaws at his words, and he saw how John was fighting not to let the anger out.
And they had been there before – that moment, that terrifying leap in the dark – and he had pushed John away the last time, he had hurt him – they had hurt each other. He had flung himself from a rooftop for that man, he had bled and killed and walked through the fire for John Watson – he had willed his heart to beat for him.
“Go alone.” The tall man said, he wasn’t concerned with his words, even if he knew that he was not bluffing. He never did if he could help it.
Sherlock heard the shock in the man’s voice, he could feel him trembling, he had seen – he must have seen that she wasn’t pregnant any longer.
She was not scared of pain, she had never been. She was not scared of anything. The pain came, and she accepted it because that too was part of the plan.
It was too easy: the traces on the pavement, the car left just waiting to be found and the house to their right: old and abandoned. He turned to look at Drake who was writing something down on his mobile phone and had a pensive look on his face.
“Do not try anything. My friend here is carrying your daughter, one move and she dies. Are we clear?”
. He could hear Sherlock saying. Mycroft was looking at the door, now, ignoring him while he said, “He might want to engage Bennett.”
Greg must have been up for more than twenty four hours himself, and yet he had been the one who had all but forced him to kip on the couch because he had had enough of his sniping at everything that breathed.
“What do I need it for?” He asked – and he heard Sherlock’s almost imperceptible sigh. It was the sound he made when someone said really stupid things; he didn't look at him,  even if he was aware that it might possibly be the last chance he had.
He had seen those pictures the first and only time he had been there, but he had not observed them, he had refused to deduce anything about those images and John’s life with Mary.
He moved. It felt like the first days at the hospital, or before -  when he had had to lay low and wait for his wounds to heal in some squalid room or in some safe house in countries whose names he didn’t even bother to learn most of the times.
"Either way they succeed, John," Sherlock said after a moment, and John could detect weariness in the man's voice when he added, "if I refuse to play they will keep killing people and hurting Victor, if I agree you will be in the same room with that man – and I will have to watch. You read the first note."
Mycroft excused himself and went back to the kitchenette, even though Sherlock knew he would leave very soon, without saying goodbye, without adding anything. There was no need, now.
“I want to –” John started, but Sherlock interrupted him saying, “There is no need. It’s been already taken care of.”
"No, you  really shouldn't! Get to the point!" Sherlock hissed. The very last thing he needed was having Victor mentioned. It was ancient history and it didn't matter!
John held his head high, not breaking Mycroft’s gaze; the man hadn’t raised his voice, his tone had been politely inquisitive, but John knew the older man was furious.
“That doesn't answer my question, John.” Sherlock said. His voice was laced with pain, but it was soft.
The mobile phone had kept ringing. And Greg had felt the beginning of a headache forming behind his eyes -- and what was worse was that although he has seen Jim Moriarty's body, although he had personally escorted said body to the morgue (ignoring the black body bag containing what he had thought to be Sherlock's body) and made sure, even before Mycroft's people arrived, that no one could touch it, for a moment he had actually wondered whether Jim Moriarty was truly dead.
wasn't fooled because she was showing him all the cracks in the facade. John, though, was another matter. John was not stupid, far from it,  but he wasn't like
John had seen the wounds Bennett had carved on Sherlock. He had been there, in the same room with Sherlock, as other doctors stitched him up. He had read the medical charts -- and yet the sight of fresh bruises on Sherlock almost did him in, that time.
He noticed a mug in the sink, he took it in his hands and sniffed it, Mary had drunk chamomile tea, apparently. He could clearly see the life she had lead in that house for the past few weeks.
There was the sense of belonging, though. He had fought it, deep down, for years, for a lot of reasons that seemed so meaningless, now. He belonged to Sherlock – and he knew, deep in his gut, that Sherlock felt exactly the same.
“I’d suggest delivering whatever message you have for me and there might be a chance you won’t spend the rest of your lives in Belmarsh and that would be the
Mary nodded her head. Two operatives, men he had never seen before, were at her side immediately. She let them take her.
Herman Bennett grinned and John clenched his jaws. He had expected that. He had known there would be
Mycroft tilted his head on a side gesturing him to go outside because he couldn't stop being himself, not even then, he couldn't stop thinking about things that didn't matter. Nevertheless, he followed him, focusing on his right hand, on trying not to close it in a tight fist.
Sherlock had written a long letter to John Watson describing the events that had taken place in Chicago. Sentiment had been hard to ignore – it had seeped through each line. If he had known, at the time, the depth of both his brother’s feelings and John Watson’s he would have employed another kind of strategy.
He could still see, with his mind’s eyes, that gray room, Mycroft, Sherlock and him and Eurus’ words. He could see Sherlock and Mycroft fighting their own battle of lies, masking the brotherly love they had for each other and Sherlock pointing a gun at Mycroft.
They were professionals: they had both received military training, they were highly trained, Janine’s murder wasn’t their first hit – it was the first job they had done together, most probably, but that was another matter that would possibly be helpful later. What it mattered at the moment was that neither man was an amateur and yet they had both made mistakes when
He had lost control, he could see it clearly, now -- he had felt like drowning in a sea of thick molasses, he had needed to feel, and he had miscalculated the damage he had done to his hand. It was unimportant. The people behind Herman Bennett were the ones who mattered, the ones hell-bent in playing with him using Moriarty's name and his shadow to confuse him.
Sherlock had wanted those people to see what he was really capable of. He followed Greg and the other yarders, feeling on the battlefield, for a moment. It was not like the last time, when Sherlock had been in Bennett’s basement. There was blood, though – John’s senses were hit with it: the red of it, its smell, so strong and sharp. It wasn’t Sherlock’s blood. He knew that, even before they finally entered the main warehouse.
"John and I had previously talked about both adoption and surrogacy. If we chose surrogacy then we would have to use an egg donor as well, and adoption is a long and frustrating process that very often just doesn't work out. And with John's history of PTSD and our lifestyle, it would be unlikely that we'd ever get a child.
"I have a history of depression, post traumatic stress disorder, and anorexia nervosa. It's in my best interests to stay in therapy."
"It's great to see you, Sherlock. Are you finally going to stop being mysterious and tell us what's going on with you?" Greg got straight to the point.
actually carry children. I'm sure you've come across the term Hermaphrodite before, with you being a doctor and all, but judging by your wife's expression my guess is that
"Pull your t-shirt up and undo you fly." Dr Clarke ordered. Sherlock did as told and wrapped his palms around the hand rests.
"Come with me, Sherlock. We are ready to start collecting the ova. Because of your hermaphroditism and your age we are expecting to collect ten eggs if we're lucky. If you were freezing them then that would be problematic, but I understand that you're going to have them implanted this time next week? That means that you won't lose any in the liquid nitrogen tank." she stood up.
"I take two of the testosterone pills at a time. The records are only available to Mycroft, myself, and my Doctor. Feel free to read them, I'm not embarrassed."
"What do you mean you're not even sick?! If it's not drugs and it's not an illness then what the hell could it be? Not that bloody eating disorder again, is it?" Greg looked really confused.
"My friends know that my husband and I are using a surrogate, but they don't know it's Sherlock. And my family were all murdered, so they didn't say much when I told them." Mary said, very matter-of-factly. Sherlock snorted.
Sherlock lifted up his shirt up to just below his rib cage. Dr. Clarke then placed the wand on his skin and looked at the monitor. To Sherlock the image didn't make much sense, but to her it must be crystal clear because she then said, "Everything is looking fine. I'll start the pelvic exam now. Please put your feet in the stirrups."
"Kind of. A hermaphrodite is someone who has both male and female reproductive organs. So like a woman with a testicle, or a man with an ovary."
John huffed out a small laugh. "No. God, no. I'm the happiest I have been in a very long time. I just can't believe it. I'm a forty year old man, and my wife is thirty-eight. I was excited when we first started trying for a baby, but then as the months wore on I sort of just thought that it was never going to happen. When Mary got her diagnosis, I thought that I knew for sure. But then ten months ago, you offered us the most amazing thing anyone could ever give.
The doorbell rang. Sherlock was lying on the sofa with his eyes closed, asleep now nausea had finally died down slightly because of the injection. John went downstairs and helped Dr Clarke with the stuff she was carrying.
Sherlock went into the one at the end and closed the door. He closed the toilet seat and sat on it. His hand fished around in the pocket of his Belstaff and he pulled out a satin lined box that he used to use for his morphine. He set it down on the ledge to his right and then pulled his trousers (not his pants) down.
With a startled gasp Sherlock finally wakes up from his all-consuming nightmare. He flinches away from John's hands on his shoulders. He runs his hands over his wrists, arms, back, and ankles. When he realises that he is sitting on his bed and not chained up with acid burning through his skin he recites the same things he always does when he has a nightmare.
"Now Mr Holmes, would you please sign here to say that you consent to having this procedure done." The doctor handed her patient the form on a clipboard and a pen. Sherlock signed it quickly in big overdramatic strokes that had made John raise his eyebrows the first time he saw it.
"Yes, we are. And it's surrogate father, not surrogate mother." Mary spoke up. Sherlock shot her a grateful look.
"Sherlock why are you calling at silly o'clock in the morning? Some of us actually have to sleep you know. Mary and I do not want to come on a case with you." John's voice echoed down the phone. He must have picked up his wife's phone then by mistake.
"I need you to go and get me anything I need for a period. That includes lots of painkillers because
When he got home he called the chinese takeaway down the road and asked them to deliver their food at quarter past seven this evening. Then he cleaned and polished his Violin, and preceded to play. Sherlock zoned out whilst he was playing, and before he knew it the time was seven o'clock and the doorbell was ringing.
Sherlock did not like this man. Not one bit. "The amount of people who regret sex changes are minuscule compared to the number of people that don't regret it. And even amongst those people who do regret it, it is often because of other people's bigotry and bad reactions. It is no secret that trans people have a harder time finding jobs and even accessing their basic human rights than cis people. And despite this people still want to transition and live their lives how they want to. Teenagers and children may be young, but they're not stupid. If they want to transition, then they should be allowed to transition. At the bare minimum they should be allowed access to puberty blockers."
"Thanks! This is probably going to get me a promotion. Finally I might be a detective chief inspector!"
"He's kidding, Sherlock. What my husband is trying to say is that you are going to be a fantastic surrogate and take great care of the baby. And if the child turns out anything like you, we will be the luckiest parents alive, but I'm sure that they'll be quite a handful!"
This is just one example, but there are many more different combinations that all come under the heading 'Hermaphrodite'. Anything you'd like to add, John?"
"They're dead. Mycroft shot them all after I was safe. It was the most emotional I've ever seen him since he was a child."
"I had terrible morning sickness and I was loosing a lot of weight. The feeding tube made it easier for me to keep food down which consequently helped in keeping the embryo alive. If it had died then I would have had to do the whole thing all over again."
"I don't care if they think I am mean or unkind or a sociopath. I care if they think that me being intersex is the most significant thing about me." this had been weighing on Sherlock for a good few weeks.
"Since thirty-two days ago. Do you have anything for me?" the consultant had his hands interlaced over his stomach. You couldn't see anything now, but in ten weeks time there would surely be a small bump there.
"What? No! Why would you do that?" Sherlock was sitting on his armchair with a sheet music pad on his lap.
"Lestrade, I want you to find Jasmine Whitley's family. Interview them. I've got a feeling that they've got a lot to do with the Grayson kidnapping." It was the day after the operation, and Sherlock was at home.
"I'm not with the police. I don't know what has happened to your daughter, but I want to find out. I'm Sherlock Holmes, it's nice to meet you." Sherlock offered his hand to the man, who shook it.
"I understand that you would be willing to do an interview for us discussing your choice to use surrogacy to have a baby, and having Sherlock be the surrogate mother." the Mr Lawson said.
"Are you sure you're comfortable with everyone knowing you're intersex Sherlock? You'd be literally coming out to the whole world!" Mary asked.
He almost didn't want to see the child. Once he saw them then surely the pain of knowing he had to give them up would just get worse? He couldn't let anyone know he felt that way, though. "I'm ready."
The newsreader lunged at Sherlock, but John quickly stepped out in front of him and threw the man to the floor. Then, he crouched down to his level and grabbed him by the collar, bringing his face in close. "Don't you even
"No, I didn't know that. Okay, I will help you to come out publicly. But we have to tell our close friends like Mrs Hudson, Greg, Molly, and your parents. I'm not telling mine if that's okay with you, as they may not be as... accepting."
"Would you please explain this to me, I still have no idea how this is even remotely possible." Sarah looked thoroughly confused.
Sherlock pondered telling him, but then decided against it. Best not to over the phone. "You don't need to worry about me, Greg. I promise. I will tell you and Molly and some other close friends in just over three months, if I'm lucky."
"I know you won't. Many people would deem you untrustworthy but that is with small things. I know you will take this seriously. The child will probably be so healthy when it is born because you'll find some special drink or make a magic pill that accelerates the foetus's growth or something else utterly ridiculous."
Sherlock knew that there was no question that he would put his body through all of the changes that come with being pregnant. He knew that he would love the child and his priorities would forever be altered, but he would do it.
With that Sherlock dashed downstairs and put his coat on. He opened the door and saw the black Aston Martin waiting for him and got in the back seat.
"What is the result for? Can someone tell me what's going please?!" Lestrade looked a bit annoyed for being left out.
isn't it. Now what have you got for me?" A big grin was plastered on to his face as he took another bite of his sandwich.
To anyone else talking about your privates would be mortifying, but the detective never had been very modest. The Buckingham Palace incident taught everyone that. John looked stunned by now. His face had returned to its normal colour though, and he was sitting back looking quite comfortable on the old sofa. The thought of Sherlock actually
John chuckles to himself. A younger him would have cared deeply about what people might think of what he's doing, but events in the last few years have shown him just how little it matters in the grand scheme of things. And besides, now he's not totally against taking another step in his relationship with Sherlock.
"My name is Sherlock Holmes. I am the worlds only Consulting Detective. My birthday is the sixth of January, and I turned 37 this year. I live in London at 221b Baker Street, and I am there now. I live with John Watson. He is not a threat. He is kind. Nobody will hurt me or John. My name is Sherlock Holmes..." he repeats these eight sentences a few times before opening his eyes again.
"Okay then. If you would all just sign these papers saying you agree to be on live television then we can let you get back to your day."
Emily and Ben both burst out in happy tears. They hugged each other and then hugged Sherlock, which he found extremely awkward.
"Then yes, that was most likely morning sickness. You've started having it very early though, it doesn't usually happen until the fourth week of pregnancy at the earliest. You were implanted exactly two weeks ago, which means you've probably only been pregnant ten or eleven days."
"Okay then. Look, it's getting late Sherlock, I should probably just head back home." John stood up.
"Yes, please. Also, tell Grayson some excuse about me not feeling well." Sherlock splashed more water on his face.
"I will have plenty of clothes and toys for the baby by then. Why don't you go upstairs and have a lie down, you've been up for a long time. I'll bring you up some tea in a minute, love."
"Okay then. Lay back and relax, this shouldn't hurt." Sherlock watched the lab technician pass over the embryos to Dr Clarke.
"Good Evening to all of our viewers; we hope that you are having a pleasant evening. Tonight we have three special guests with us, who as of yet have not given any interviews. It's a pleasure to have you with us today, Sherlock Holmes, Mary Watson and Doctor John Watson."
"I am free at six-thirty. I would quite like to see you every day at that time if that would be alright with you? I want to see you on weekends as well." she said.
"It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr Holmes, Dr Watson, Mrs Watson." A man in a freshly pressed suit said. Sherlock, John, and Mary were sitting in a large office on one side of a large, mahogany desk. On the other side were two men called Tony Lawson and Jeremy Davies and one woman called Gloria Ramirez.
Ben started trembling slightly. Sherlock was going to tell them they found their daughter alive, or dead.
"Lestrade please, I have to work this case!" Sherlock was in the DI's office at nine o'clock in the morning.
"Are you alright mate? If it ain't drugs, well I assume it's not considering John here knows what it is, then what is it? Nothing serious I hope." Greg looked rather worried.
"Nugghhhh." was Sherlock's elegant reply. He turned his face into the pillow like he was trying to disappear.
"But it's a fully functioning five star hotel with over twenty rooms! It's got two swimming pools, a gym, and a spa!"
"Yes. You should really be in hospital, but we can treat you at home. Do you think you can drink something now?"
It wouldn't matter though, because he or she isn't his child. They're Mary and John's, who would make better parents than he would ever be. And Sherlock would just have to except that.
He hoped the boy or girl didn't look like him. That would make it harder for Sherlock to watch. A young girl with curly, raven-black hair down to her waist comes to mind. When he was three that was what he looked like, until he shouted at his mum and dad that he was definitely a boy, not a girl. He got his first hair cut that day.
"Not really. I've got really bad morning sickness. In the past twenty-four hours I don't think I've managed to keep anything down, solid or liquid."
“The point is –“ He said, sobering up, “that I am in love with you. I have for years! And I have hated myself for that. And I have hated you for that – and I still love you more than everything. You said that I should be back if or when I made up my mind. Well, here I am.”
And he could be petty – he could remind John that he had found himself a nice little psychopath while he had been away, that despite not being truly in love with her (it hardly took a genius to deduce that) he still had married her.
with every fiber of his being that it had started, that the relative calm they had been granted was over.
According to my notebook and the gazillions of pages of plot and scenes and dialogues in it, there should be four more chapters after this one.
John looked at Sherlock, he had merely raised an eyebrow at his brother’s last word. He was still extremely good, excellent even at hiding what he really felt, but he could spot the tells, and surely so could Mycroft.
Of course part of him also thought that he should have let someone else take the statement about what had happened in the basement, but he hadn’t allowed anyone everywhere near Sherlock (and bless Mycroft Holmes and his
“No, they won’t. I told you already: I’m not playing. Not by their rules. Not this time.” Sherlock said. And for a moment, John couldn’t help thinking about something Sherlock had said the night before faking his suicide: he had said he didn’t want to play that time too, but he had been already deep in his game with Moriarty.
John opened his eyes. The alarm must have gone off, but he hadn’t even heard it. He had to get up and pretend he was still a functional member of society.
He was an accessory in a murder and a kidnapping, and he was the only one who would talk, who would crumble down quickly. The other man, the one who had killed one of Sherlock’s friends, according to the information he had been given, would not talk: not right away, not quickly enough to give them useful data to find Sherlock Holmes, John Watson and his daughter.
He had been to war and the air felt exactly like in Afghanistan: ripe with anticipation. They got out of the car and John looked around. He knew it would happen soon. He knew those were the last moments he would probably spend with Sherlock, and he didn’t look at the man: he looked straight ahead of him. He didn’t have a gun on him, he didn’t have anything on him except his mobile phone.
? We were not friends or associates! I know you think I do that to distance myself from what happened, John thinks so as well. He was shocked when he heard Mary say his name, I could see it – he was furious. “ He stopped, and it took him a moment to realise that he had clenched his hands into fists and his tone had become scathing.
“You – were thinking about Mycroft’s visit.” Sherlock said and he felt his body tense, but the man continued, “I suppose I will have to tell you.”
There had been silences, after – days of silences: he had been angry, he had felt guilty, he had felt used. He was still angry at Sherlock because he had to stop making decisions for both of them. He had to stop
And despite his nightmares, despite the harsh words Sherlock had said in that hallway, despite the twelve hours of anguish he had put them all through, John sort of fell in love with Sherlock Holmes all over again.
He opened his eyes and John smiled, noticing with a certain surprise that somehow the distance between Sherlock and he had shortened, for the past few seconds. When had he moved? He could feel the warmth of Sherlock’s body and had to still when the man’s hand left his wrist and curled around his nape.
It was the truth – but there was something else John wasn’t telling him. He should look at John, he should ask him – he should ask him to tell him the truth.
“Did he say anything?” She asked. Her accent had slipped, again – well, it was too late to do anything about it, besides, the time for charades was over.
After all had been said and done, there had been no giggles, no phone calls and magic tricks, no goodbyes on a tarmac, no miracles: just a weary man, too thin, too human to do anything but walk away.
He did not try, not even once, to protect himself, however. He was taking full responsibility for something that was not, had never been, his fault.
Sherlock ignored his words and got out of the car, he took but a few steps and then fell to his knees and retched to the side of the road.
He was asking Mary to give them a moment, but he did not need a moment, he did not need a second – he could
“I miss you –“ He kept whispering between kisses. Sherlock didn’t reply to his words, he only kissed him and John had stopped even wondering why he was saying those words.
!” Lestrade said. He hadn’t raised his voice, not that time, but the fury filled every word he had uttered.
No. That was not true, actually. He could believe that, but there was still something he was missing.
The first time Sherlock Holmes had appeared on one of his crime scenes Greg Lestrade hadn’t known what to make of that young, posh kid. To be precise Sherlock hadn’t
He was not and had never been guided by his instinct – it was a way of existing he frankly could not understand and yet, simmering just beneath the surface of all the things he could analyse and deduce as he climbed down the stairs, there was a
“How long?” He asked. He knew the answer – deep down, right where Moriarty was snickering in his padded cell with a straightjacket.
He had sighed, without meaning to - oblivious of how shaky the sound had come out until Sherlock spoke
Sherlock had told him that the American man had promised him a clue in case he survived. It had been a month since that day: Mary was dead and buried, they knew for sure that Catherine was both his daughter and that Mary had lied to him about the date of conception. Mary had looked giddy in the tape as she revealed the details.
He would not realise, until months later, that all his rationality, all the ways he had tried to remind himself that he was supposed to be just a friend, that he knew his boundaries had become pretty much a moot point the minute he had held Molly in his arms.
God, he loved that man. He was – everything: his best friend, his confidante, his lover, his family. He drove him crazy and made him happy.
There were two sets of keys on the top of his headstone. One only held one key, the other held a dozen or so of small keys, he cocked an eyebrow when he saw the two objects and a picture under them. He held the two sets of keys in one hand and let out an annoyed sigh when he recognised the pool in the picture.
“Because there were a few names that kept appearing in Mr Moore’s searches, therefore he decided to investigate on them. I will keep you informed of the results.” Mycroft replied. That was the truth. Mostly.
“No,” Sherlock said, stepping away from the trolley and looking at the woman, “you most certainly are not. But you are
“I was here - in my family’s estate, I had to settle some business.” Victor started, and almost as an afterthought, Sherlock deduced that Victor had just ended a long relationship and had come to London after that, using family affairs as an excuse.
Drake had returned to look unassuming, just a middle aged bloke who let him into the new car before he got inside as well on the driving seat.
But down... deep down...John's touch had burned; it had stayed with him, he had felt it on his skin: in cargo ships, in small cities whose names he hadn't even bothered to learn, in rooms with yellow wallpapers peeling off, while pain throbbed and the blood just didn't stop trickling down his skin, or as his body hit concrete floors after being hit.
“I don’t think I missed much,” Sherlock replied. John was still close to him, he wasn’t touching him, he was just
The alert of an incoming text interrupted Sherlock before he could answer her question. He ignored the fact that both Molly and Lestrade had gotten closer, to hear – to look – to witness.
Mary didn’t turn, she weakly smiled and said, “He’s trying to get here, isn’t he?  That’s our John: always a day late and a dollar short.”
Mary shook her head, “Tempting, but no thank you. Not yet. What did you say during my wedding day? ‘You. It’s always you, John Watson.’”
, he had only enquired about the man’s whereabouts. Agent Harris had given him the answer he truly needed, though.
He blinked when he realised that Victor was right, though. He had never said it aloud. Victor might have wanted to keep their relationship a secret at the time, but he had never even admitted that they had one.
Mr. Neal chuckled and said, “I know, and don’t think I haven’t appreciated your trust in me and your discretion.”
He knew it couldn’t have been more than a couple of minutes since their car had stopped and they had got out of it. Why was Mycroft there? Where was John?
He had not been surprised when Mycroft had called him; Sherlock refused to answer his calls and he had known it was only a matter of time before the elder Holmes would contact him.
The first spasm  had come while he was talking on the phone with Mycroft. It was not just torn stitches, then, he must have moved too quickly, too rashly while in Mr. Bennett’s cell. He had forgotten – truly forgotten that he was not (whole) healed, yet. His body still wasn’t in peak condition, as John and the other doctors at the hospital had repeated ad nauseam.
The answer was yes. She had worked on her identity long before she even knew who Sherlock fucking Holmes was.
"She's a terrible patient." William said shaking his head, as Joan rolled her eyes, but accepted to lie on a gurney as she was brought out of the room. They were alone in the small room, now.
John was looking at her; he was about ready to burst – he was ready to let all the anger he had kept inside for
“That’s a stupid question, John. She was cold and naked.” Sherlock said. He wanted to move, to shove John away from him, he wanted John to
He moved another step – carefully keeping his distance from Mary. He could see the bottom two steps of a staircase, now.
Sherlock had sought drugs as a form of escapism, that was not a complete lie, but he had also needed it for other reasons.
“Listen to him, sweetheart. You have done enough -” Mary said. She didn’t turn, she didn’t even look at him, but she pointed the gun she had been holding at Sherlock.
She was – perfect. He had had doubts during Mary’s pregnancy, he had wondered whether there was even a baby, at first, and then he had wondered whether the baby was his, but there were no doubts looking at her that she was his daughter. She reminded him of Harry – and himself, he recognised that perfect face as if he had seen it a million times before.
He wouldn't be surprised in the least if he knew how much his feelings mirrored John Watson's. He knew that the men physically responsible for the pain Joan was going through had been already disposed of: Sherlock Holmes had seen to it.
, carved with a razor, it had taken Bennett almost a hour to carve Moriarty’s name on Sherlock’s torso, while he had been chained up to that rack, but first he had been repeatedly stunned with an electric cattle prod.
because all he cared about was Sherlock) about how they were still searching Bennett’s house to try and find out who the other victims were and where they had been buried.
He saw the door open, and forced his body to be still, not to have any reaction as the men entered the room. They were not bluffing, he had seen too many assassins in his life to harbor any doubt on that matter. They would kill his daughter in front of him and use it to get Sherlock.
John could hear Sherlock outside, talking to Lestrade and to Joan, for a moment, but he still didn't come back. He was avoiding him.
Oh, well – he thought as he finally, finally heard the explosion: he would find out soon, he supposed.
He felt more in control when he got out of the room, it had been a waste of time, it would have been far too banal for them to hide a clue in that room. He climbed up the steps, thinking about how John had been right about that house – how much it lacked personal details.
They had kept Sherlock outside the news regarding Bennett as much as they could (the perks of Sherlock being Mycroft Holmes' brother he supposed), as it were Sherlock hadn’t even officially pressed charges against Bennett and Greg didn’t even want to think about the millions ways Mycroft Holmes was being creative with the British legal system. Protecting Sherlock had become a priority and part of that protection meant keeping journalists away.
Mycroft seemed to consider his words, “And yet you let her roam free for months after she killed you.” He said.
Sherlock kissed him. He kissed him like it was the first time, only without tasting tears and fears and doubts in the back of their throats; he kissed him like he always did: with abandon and wonder, as if he still didn’t believe it that it was really happening.
She had not asked him what would be of the baby, she had only reminded him the last time they had talked to keep his promise. And he had. As usual.
“How would you know?” Sherlock hissed, noticing the flash of  something (hurt?) in his brother’s eyes.
John thought, he was being grilled for information by a wounded, scared former secret service operative. It made sense, in a way, William Moore had listened to what Sherlock had said, and Sherlock had clearly said that Joan had been kidnapped because of him (which was utter bullshit, and Sherlock couldn’t seriously believe that). William Moore had perhaps the right to ask some questions, that didn’t mean he could or would answer them, so he didn’t say anything as he checked William’s chest and ribs.
it felt like it had happened so long ago, it felt like it had just happened, and John wanted Sherlock to come in, he wanted to talk to him, he wanted the man to look at him (and how he had never noticed that having Sherlock’s undivided attention was so addictive? How had he even thought that he could live without?) and forget about what had happened in the facility.
The space John was occupying was similar to his own, but there were some differences: there were four different ventilation grids on the brick wall behind him, there was a bucket, and there was only one small, plastic box, without a lock, on a trolley
"I would not normally agree with his involvement in this operation, however - given the circumstances..." Mycroft trailed.
They had an address, at last - and it was the same one Anthea gave him, moments later: the result of combined efforts of the British secret services, a Scotland Yard detective inspector and the clue Mary Morstan had given them before her fake execution.
Even if he hadn’t known that the black box was not a bomb, it would have still been utterly ridiculous the way they had all scuttled by upon hearing that noise.  How could they not
There were bugs in her flat, she had spotted them within the first day they had been placed in her house, but had not removed them; she was not an amateur, those things had their use after all.
Mary had not smiled as she said those words, she had still been pregnant when she had said those words, he clearly recalled her face in the tape, how cold the look in her eyes had been. Was that the real Mary? Or was it the woman in the cellar? He couldn’t say.
John knew it was a ciphered message, but judging by Sherlock’s words, it must not have been meant to be an enigma for Sherlock – or Mycroft. Nevertheless he said, “What does the note say?”
had had a name, a life, expectations and hopes and had met his demise on an abandoned road, a bullet to the brain and a shallow grave on the side of the road. Crude, dirty, wrong. He  had  felt empty, after and exhausted.
Sherlock’s voice was filled with contempt, and John had never heard that tone of voice coming from Sherlock directed at him.
He wanted to know whether he could really trust Sherlock to do his best to bring Joan back, unharmed. He wanted to know that Sherlock, who had read the note, would not lose himself in the game and think about saving the woman he loved.
There were lawyers, Bennett’s, who were giving interviews left and right and the press had morbidly latched onto those crimes and onto the serial killer.
He had moved slowly, to warn Sherlock, to give him time to step back, to give him the chance to cut him out with logic, with harsh words if necessary. It hadn’t happened: Sherlock had kissed him back, quick, soft pecks on the lips, and it had been warm and familiar and Sherlock had taken his face in his hands and things had felt perfect, like they used to be before Sherlock fell – before Moriarty had showed his hand, before Mary, Magnussen and Bennett.
Mary Morstan had known they would come. Oh, no – she had all but told them the address, and he could see the same kind of worry etched on the faces of all his colleagues: that was too bloody
John shook his head and, forgetting for a moment about their whereabouts and the reason why they were in the hospital, grabbed Sherlock’s hand; Sherlock stilled, blinking his eyes for a moment and John realized that, perhaps, Sherlock didn’t want to be touched. Not so soon, but Sherlock squeezed weakly back and didn’t let go.
angry – the anger had been there,  sitting in his gut, ever since he had read the text the previous night, it had started clawing its way up for the past few hours and he wasn’t sure he could stop it, now.
He had not anticipated the bomb in the Watsons’ residence. He knew for a fact that it had not been there the previous day; whether it had been Mary placing it or someone else did after what it clearly had been a fake ambush, the fact remained that there had been a breach in the protection and security detail.
Sherlock knew he was angry. Oh, God, he knew – he was pushing his buttons in that moment, and John knew that if he allowed him to go on, to talk, he would say something
He looked at the lockers and the key in his hand, and didn’t acknowledge Agent Harris as the man said, “I have not been updated for the past hour, sir.”
He had repeated those words to Sherlock, in some form or another, many times, for most of their lives. He didn’t remember them ever sounding so hollow as in that moment.
“If that’s true, killing him, laying low or just avoid him would have made more sense, don’t you think?” Greg asked.
It would take him a long time, it would take him falling desperately in love with John Watson, it would take him seeing John getting married to Mary and eventually having him in his arms.
He didn’t think he had it in him to – be what he had become since Mary had shot Sherlock. He had lied, deceived, hurt more people than he thought possible – and the collateral damage had soiled his hands with blood.
Sherlock was still too pale (what the hell had Mycroft and he talked about?), but he was smiling, he was...trusting him.
"Yes." He said because no one could know that he was still alive. The immediate threat to John, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade had been dealt with, but they hadn't wanted to take any chance. The instructions had been simple and clear: dispose of all the threats.
“Why did you accept my offer, Ms. Adler?” He asked. He declined her offer to sit and have a drink, they were standing over the sea, in the middle of nowhere and he needed to know how much he could rely on that woman, how much of a gamble he had taken.
crazy, not in the way Jim Moriarty had been, at least. She was using a nondescript American accent, but he could hear a vaguely Eastern European inflection in her words.
was ever going to happen!) it would not change the facts. It would not change what had happened or the effect it was having on both men. Sherlock seemed to catch his hesitation, he sighed and said, “You have met Herman Bennett and he exploited our acquaintance.”
He fought his instinct, the fight or flight response, with everything he was – and he would have won because he had practiced being underwater in similar circumstances for prolonged bouts of time without breathing in the months immediately before what had happened on Bart’s rooftop. He had thought he was prepared for all kind of scenarios.
Sherlock turned. It was incredible how even dressed as he was, he was still elegant, he was still the most striking person he had ever laid eyes on.
Sherlock blinked. Those – images were not allowed, not in that moment, not while he was searching for clues. Not in that basement.
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively saying, “No need to apologise, it is a legitimate question given the circumstances. Sexual intercourse just for the sake of it lost its appeal soon after Victor, therefore, the list isn’t terribly long. I told you last night, I was not a virgin when I followed Herman Bennett.”
“You scared me,” John said and that was something he would not normally say, he would not admit it aloud, but it was impossible not to – not while Sherlock had
He walked around the kitchen, juxtaposing what he was seeing with the pictures he had seen for the past few weeks. It was so –
“I – you froze, Sherlock. And I did too, and Bennett – could do those things to you.” John said, without looking at Sherlock. He could not look at the man: wounded, pale, in bed while he burdened him with how bloody afraid he had been.
Had it started again? Had they somehow managed to get past the surveillance and delivered it in their bedroom?
didn’t allow himself to have them. John Watson had changed that, he changed him – and Sherlock had changed the army doctor as well.
“And those people clearly used Moriarty, turned him into a martyr and used his death to wave a new net.” Sherlock looked up from the file he had been reading and said, “I can still read, Mycroft and I am
There would be arrangements to make, he supposed. There would be words to be spoken, and perhaps, later, cases and adventures and he honestly wished he had truly died that day and after, when Mary had shot him or on the airplane, while making up Victorian gothic tales where things were simple and John was his.
Sherlock’s lips curled in a cruel smirk and John felt that if he didn’t talk, if he didn’t clarify any possible misconception right away, they would get stuck in yet another loop of hurtful words and silences and John just didn’t think he had enough strength left in him, not that night.
But – he could not let Mary win, she had already taken so much from him and from John. He was not bluffing. And Mary knew that she could see it on her face.
to remember, happens all the time when the numbers are high, you sort of lose count, faces start to blur into each other –“
He saw that John wanted to say something, maybe that he was sorry or some other rubbish to which he honestly didn’t know how he would reply to, but he  thankfully decided against it.
Every wound, every act had been entirely personal for Mr. Bennett. He had hurt him not because he had been asked to, not because it was, strictly speaking, part of the plan, but because he wanted to and he could.
Fuck. Well, at least they didn’t start cutting off John’s fingers, he reasoned. Victor Trevor had had it much worse.
Victor woke up with a start when he took another step toward the bed; there was confusion on the man's  face and in his eyes as he looked around, Sherlock saw how the man for a moment didn’t remember a thing, he didn’t remember where he was and what had happened to him, it was just a moment and then he saw realization and recollections setting in and the surprise (pain,  disbelief,  relief,  fear) on his face when he looked at him.
He kept walking, assessing the damage to his mind palace, closing some of the doors that had come unhinged – he knew there were others, other doors in the dungeons, he knew that in order to reach those doors, he would have to climb down countless steps filled with debris – and it was too late anyway to do anything truly useful, nevertheless he kept walking. He had to.
John was still unharmed, although he was clearly starting to feel the effects of sensory deprivation, at least judging by the curl of his lips and clenching his jaws in the picture. He was not exactly surprised that there weren’t instructions, any words accompanying the picture – he would have to find the clue on his own, they wanted him in that house, but to what purpose?
The silence was not entirely unpleasant, nevertheless, John felt on edge as if he was supposed to say something, to burst the words out of that thick silence – because all the words he wanted to say were about Sherlock.
He was too much of an arsehole to do the right thing, to be noble, to be selfless. He needed John. John who would be back soon, tired and worried, afraid to touch him, tiptoeing around him as if he was frail (
He breathed, ignoring the stench in the room, the underlying one which, apparently, only he could smell and slowly turned his back at that rack, and that room.
She nodded. She wasn’t buying his words, she was too smart to, but – maybe she wanted to believe in them. He knew something about self deception, his whole life for the past few years was ample proof of that.
He felt like breathing was, somehow, easier. He felt like he would stop smelling that putrid odor, eventually. He blinked his eyes. That did not matter, what had happened in the basement and the words the man had told John, were unimportant.
helping him, that was all that mattered at the moment. He would have the time to find out about the woman when he went back. He had suspicions about the woman’s identity, but he had decided to let them slide.
"Look, I need to use the loo, why don't you two have a chat and tell me what you think when I get back?" She said briskly.
Sherlock ignored Mycroft’s words, he looked at John and said, “I need you to do something for me. I need you to go home and bring me some things. I’ll text you the list.”
John would tell him the truth and Sherlock would ask him to tell him the truth if the man lied, since he couldn’t see, couldn’t deduce anything useful at the moment.
"What makes you think that I can live without you?" John said - and Sherlock felt breathless because...because that was John: he was strong, a fighter, he was the bravest person he had ever met! And he had survived while he had been away, he had grieved (more than he had expected and more deeply than he thought he would, but the alternative: John dead, shot by one of Moriarty's snipers had been simply not feasible.)
The other identity, though, the one her husband had given her, the one he had built using scraps of information and shreds of truth, was only meant to buy her time; he had vetted it before she had showed it to Sherlock Holmes, of course, but both Mary and him had known it could not  hold up for a long time.
He thought about Herman Bennett who had lured Sherlock in and had carved Moriarty’s name on his chest – had he been one of the people who had spied on them? Had Bennett (not Moriarty. Moriarty was
He knew how he must look. It had been twelve long hours – and neither Scotland Yard nor Mycroft had found Sherlock. The Homeless network was loyal to Sherlock, they had refused to cooperate. They had been on their own. Sherlock’s last known location was Alyce Bradford’s home. He had followed the clue Bennett had given him and had visited the girl (and he must have hated it. Sherlock had not wanted to even meet her, after. He had offered himself up as a hostage in her place but had not wanted to hear her say thank you. Until Bennett had given him the clue)
The two men sitting in front of him were different, though. Oh, they were guilty: CCTV cameras, fingerprints and DNA left no doubts about their involvement in Janine’s death. They had killed the woman.
Victor was also afraid, though. He was afraid of his answer. He was afraid he would tell him that he didn’t want to hide, that he had never hidden in his life, that what they did in their private life was anyone’s business but their own.
Anthea left without adding another word and Mycroft took a moment to put together all the pieces he had in front of him: grave oversights, possible alliances and someone who had lurked so well that he had not seen his or her rise to power.
There. Sherlock was finally looking at him. He could see that Sherlock wanted to sneer those people’s gratitude away, he wanted to be an arsehole, he could recognize the look in his eyes, but in the end he decided against it, which actually scared John.
He thought, remembering what Lestrade had told him, that William Moore had been almost strangled just a few hours before. He should make sure that his larynx was okay, he should make sure that he didn’t have any internal bleeding or a concussion, instead he was rooted to the spot, because he understood that the man needed to be there. He understood how helpless he felt.
Janine had been genuinely worried about him, though; she had asked when she could visit him at Baker Street. He realised that he had never replied to that last text. He had deleted it without answering.
Sherlock let out a chuckle, he couldn’t help it. Did John truly think that he would lose himself again? He supposed it was a fair concern given their recent past, but it was a luxury he simply couldn’t afford.
And part of him couldn't blame him. He had gone and talked to the man who had tortured and abused him for hours a little more than a week before. He had not objected to that.
Mary’s killer had said they had watched everything. Had they been delighted upon seeing that he had not reacted? That he had not done a thing to stop Herman Bennett? That he had not been himself the second time he had been in that house, even though he had believed he could sweep into those rooms and do what he had always done?
"Let's get out of here." He said. He got out from the room without even checking whether John was following him, but he stopped when he heard John asking; he was  behind him, "Do you think Victor is still alive?"
Sherlock ignored him for a moment and said, “Molly, you will be brought to a safe house. Lestrade –“
“I think - I saw you once, while you were ‘dead’” Victor said and his lips curled in a small, sheepish smile, “I was in Bucharest, for a conference - I think I saw you getting in a black car that sprinted away. Was it you?”
“He didn’t ask me to stay.” John replied and he tried to keep his voice even, he was trying hard not to seethe with rage, because every time Mary said Sherlock’s name he saw red blooming on a white, crisp shirt, an angry, red, bullet wound on pale skin, Sherlock being so weak that he literally couldn’t raise his head from the pillow and had to be helped.
Good. Excellent. His brother was coming out of whichever dark place his mind was conjuring up. He was angry.
Sorry, so sorry for any mistake you might find, I try to correct them all, but I always miss something *blushes*
He had found Sherlock attractive, but – he had not – felt – he wasn’t feeling anything more than friendship and hero worship for him because that bastard had been his hero until the very end.
John was still unconscious – or he was pretending to be, she was tempted to shoot him, right then, just so that Sherlock would pay attention and answer her question.
Sherlock was still close – he could feel his warmth, his lips were still tingling with the man’s kisses, his hips were snapping up, following the almost punishing rhythm Sherlock had set up. He couldn’t open his eyes – if he did – if he looked at the man who was bringing him to climax, the man he had kissed (
and when Victor knocked at his door that day, with a feeble excuse, he couldn't help the little smile that he could feel curling his lips, together with the now-familiar spikes of lust he felt in his gut.
He rose to his feet, and it was a man he did not know – he was what had come out of the games his sister had played on him. Sherlock took his mobile from a pocket of his coat, swiftly composed a text; he immediately got a reply, only then did he look at him.
, while he played being a hero all over the world? Or did it happen, there, in London while he pined for his best friend and played the self-sacrificing martyr?
Sherlock was – awake, downstairs. He had firmly but politely refused to take the bed, assuring him that the couch would be fine.
when he had realised, shortly after his return, that although she was very much aware of his feelings – if not the exact nature, he had thought, at least, the depth of them – she had never tried to come between John and him.
A/N: I can’t believe I finished this. It took me forever, and I apologise for the sporadic updates, for any grammar mistake you might find.
about trying to run away to meet one of Bennett’s accomplices, based on some clue in the note only he could see– somehow he felt he wouldn’t. Not that time.
She cocked her gun and pointed it at John’s prone form on the floor aiming at the back of his head and said, “Keep talking.”
The meeting had been brief, tense and mostly uneventful; Mycroft Holmes still did not know the name and the identity of the person who had taken Jim Moriarty’s place, he did not know whether it was a man or a woman, he did not know how it had started. He knew
"Protection detail for Harry is in place," Sherlock said, speaking for the first time since they had left the morgue. His voice was surprisingly calm as if his former girlfriend hadn’t been killed and someone he had cared about wasn’t being used as an incentive to play.
Sherlock might use words such high functioning sociopath to describe himself and he was usually uncaring of what normal people did and deemed appropriate in social contexts, but even he could see that saying, "Thank you for shooting Herman Bennett while he was about to penetrate my rear with a blunt object! Cheers!" would be sort of awkward.
And he hates this game, he should be in the hospital – or home, he should get some bloody sleep – but he is here, because he was sent pictures of us – and because he is Sherlock and he can’t be anywhere else but here.
That was what she had asked for. That was the reason for the sleepless nights, for being in deeper than she had ever been.
in itself, he thought, as he schooled his features not to grimace at the word, at what it meant, in case Sherlock opened his eyes. That was – terrible, of course, but it was just the last of a series of events that had hurt his brother.
“Sorry.” John said in a low voice. Sherlock cocked an eyebrow in confusion, John sat, he rubbed his eyes with his palms and said, “I didn’t mean to fall asleep…”
And John smiled, he couldn’t help it. The first time he had gone to a crime scene with Sherlock, during their first cab ride together, Sherlock had said the same thing.
Sherlock was ready to be Sherlock Holmes again: the detective with the funny hat, the Reichenbach hero, the man so many people had believed in that his (fake) suicide had created a ripple effect that John couldn’t have foreseen. He wondered whether Sherlock had known, whether Mycroft had informed him that people had wanted the truth to be known, had wanted Sherlock’s name and reputation to be cleared.
he had been there, lost in Sherlock's eyes, wanting to touch him more than he actually cared about breathing and not quite doing that, because they were who they were, and he was a bloody idiot).
Vacuum of power was something he had anticipated, at the time; that was why the information he had provided Sherlock with had not been
And part of him: the man, the friend, couldn't honestly blame Sherlock for his decision -- because he truly would let other people die, rather than playing that hand of the game.
"I want, no -- I think we all want closure. Don't we? Or am I supposed to tell you that I could disappear and you would never see your daughter? I know you, John -" She said, not finishing her sentence. She didn’t need to.
They were not part of her protection detail. They were not there to protect her, they did not care that she was pregnant. They would not hesitate to kill her given the chance.
They knew, of course, that Sherlock had been involved in Alyce Bradford’s rescue, they knew Herman Bennett had been apprehended thanks to him, they also knew that Sherlock had been wounded. They didn’t know what had really happened – and Mycroft had been very clear on that and had kept his word when he had told him that they would never know. It was dawn when Greg was finally able to go to the hospital; seeing the journalists outside the building surprised him. It didn’t take a Holmes’ genius to deduce that someone (Bennett’s accomplices? Possibly) had divulged Sherlock’s precise whereabouts. He ignored the cameras, the questions and the blinding headache that was forming behind his eyes as he got inside.
“I remember what you said.” Sherlock said, “I expected you to go with Mary, though. It was only logical.”
”  Mycroft’s text recited. As he had suspected Mycroft was observing him, checking on his progresses, masking his nosiness behind brotherly
“Does it look familiar?” Mary asked. She was talking to Sherlock. He could feel the weight of the gun’s  barrel against the back of his neck, even now she was using him to hurt Sherlock. He hated being again Sherlock’s damsel in distress.
“You will have to let me read it –“ Sherlock said. The tone of his voice was brisk, but his eyes – the way his lips were still curled up in a smile, told him what he really meant.
And while they got inside the boiler room (the crime scene) and he looked at Sherlock taking in every detail of it, his mind went back to the last two times they had been to a crime scene together: Sherlock had been in the basement where he had been tortured, deducting in a matter of seconds where the hidden cameras were - but he also recalled Sherlock with Joan Adams - the way he had been with her - how he had tried, in his own way, to offer comfort to the bleeding, hurt woman.
There was a moment of silence. Was Mycroft satisfied with his answer? The simple one would have been one word: everything. But that was not what Mycroft had truly wanted to hear.
He felt his pulse quickening and he took deep breaths to calm himself down: working himself into a panic attack would not help matters! He had to focus, he had to
“I know that – I was there when he killed himself, John; but one month after that video featuring Moriarty went viral, a serial killer with no criminal records, no known association to Moriarty according to Mycroft, deviated from his pattern and started targeting people of both sexes and did everything in his power to make sure I paid attention.” Sherlock’s chest heaved when he stopped talking. He looked paler now and angry, and John noticed that Sherlock hadn’t mentioned the fact that Bennett had carved up Moriarty’s name on his chest.
Mycroft greeted them with a nod of his head, apparently, he had been waiting for them to start the briefing, or whatever that was.
It was just a mobile phone wrapped in an evidence bag. It was John’s phone, it was not the same mobile he had had when they had first met, it was quite new. Agent Harris, with whom he hadn’t exchanged but a handful of words outside the perfunctory greetings and the information from and to Mycroft had handed him the item in the hospital’s elevator, after he had talked to Victor.
That was one of the reasons, yes. He wanted to find John and the baby, bring them home, but there was also that. He knew there would be pain. There had been pain – people who bore a resemblance to him, William, Joan, Victor, Janine, Mary – they had all suffered, all to get him; they had used Herman Bennett to break him, they were now using John and his daughter because they knew he would do everything in his power to stop them, to spare John.
Sherlock smiled, “Jim Moriarty had more class, he was suaver – his heir may lack his finesse, but I think that was rather the point.”
But he was lying. In the past, he had been sincere when he had told him he wouldn’t have cut any deal with Mary Morstan – what had changed?
He didn’t like that word, he didn’t like the way Sherlock said as if he was having one of his nightmares and mumbled words in foreign languages.
Sherlock nodded his head; he looked at the men surrounding them and then pointedly at him. They didn’t need words; they rarely did when it mattered. He saw how Sherlock’s body almost imperceptibly relaxed when he took over and sent people away, using the tone of voice that he had used countless of times in Afghanistan, the one that made people obey him, no questions asked.
He saw Mary blinking her eyes at Sherlock’s words. Sherlock had asked Mary what he had taken away from her and she had not answered, but – it was clear that there had to be a personal reason for what she had done, and Sherlock was not afraid of poking her to gauge her reaction.
Mary seemed to notice his hesitation, because she said, “Please, John – don’t make it worse than it is. I accepted a long time ago how things were going to be.”
"Liked?" John had asked, feeling a smile tugging at his lips, even though his hands had still been ice cold and he had still felt shaky.
“How is Rosie?” Sherlock asked casually. He had been in the middle of sorting through his bookshelves; he saw a pile of charred volumes and one of the salvageable ones. The explosion had randomly spared some things and destroyed others. Just like life, he supposed.
The questions had come, but it had happened later, days later – when he had stopped feeling so bloody weak and numb and his arm had been in a cast and Sherlock could walk and he wasn’t so deathly pale any longer.
“What…” He tried, but his voice came out hoarse, it sounded foreign to his own ears, he swallowed past sand and blood and adrenaline and said, “what was his point?”
“What did he do?” Lestrade asked. It sounded right like Sherlock: ignoring and disregard protocol in order to follow leads and get results, but he had also seen what agent Drake had done, there, in London. It must have been –
Mycroft had not said a word when he had greeted them at the facility – he had had the same look in his eyes he had shown a few hours earlier when he had come to Baker Street.
The bathroom stall wasn't too dirty, but Sherlock didn't care, not when the man gracefully dropped to his knees, a lewd look on his face as he freed his erection from the tight confines of his clothing.
about Victor. There were boxes in the sitting room that Victor had helped him bring there in the flat they would be sharing, there were his toothbrush and soap and shampoo in the tiny bathroom, Victor had made room for his clothes in the closet and his microscope, some of his books, his violin and Billy the skull were already in the spare room.
pain. He had hoped to solve things differently – it was proving to have been wishful thinking and unfortunately, it wasn’t the first time, either.
that John must have spent part of the night watching him sleep. It took him about a blink of an eye to deduce that and he kept a carefully neutral expression on his face, at first, even though he was surprised realising that he didn't mind. At all.
She checked her watch. It was not the watch she usually wore, it was a man’s watch, it looked old, but was in good condition. It clearly held sentimental value to her.
No, not really. It had started long before that. He was only starting to see it now,  but they had first showed their hands with Herman  Bennett.
It was the truth. The codes he had cracked when he was young and full of hubris (even more than he was now) and his veins had craved the needle and what it promised, had made him responsible for a lot of people’s deaths.
“But you did,” Sherlock said. His voice was firm, it was laced with pain, yes, but he was in control; that was good, because his own ears were ringing, and his muscles were aching with the effort not to shake, to keep still, not to take the bait.
Sherlock turned at those words, he saw the flicker oh pain pass through his eyes, due to his abrupt movement, but he was quick to hide it.
John knew he would owe Greg forever, because the man didn’t even try and stop him from following them. Greg put his foot down with William Moore because, MI6 or not, he was a civilian whose fiancé had been kidnapped. Because he had seen all the pictures sent to Moore’s mobile phone. And Moore didn’t know what Bennett had said, how he had described what would happen to Joan if Sherlock didn’t do what he asked him to do.
to understand when Greg got out of the room, looking paler than when he had smiled at him apologetically before he had asked him to leave Sherlock’s room. He saw Mycroft and Greg exchanging a look, silent understanding passing between the two men; he didn’t like the look on Greg’s face or the way Mycroft’s lips pursed for a moment.
Mary shrugged, “You’ll need to earn your precious answers from now on. All of them. But I suspect you already figured this one out.”
how angry he was, and that he was using that knowledge to try and send him away, so John focused on the gauzes covering Sherlock’s torso, the bigger one, the one from the surgery was on his right side, where the hemorrhage had started. Bennett had nicked a fucking capillary, of all things. It was not the worst thing he had done to Sherlock, not by any stretch of imagination – but it had started the internal bleeding which, luckily had been minor.
Physical pain, however, was something he was good at ignoring. Physical pain was impairing, but it was also familiar. He did not hesitate, he had felt blades piercing his own skin before and Mary was right: he knew human anatomy, he knew how not to cause damage.
He could feel the weight of the keys in his pockets. He looked at Mary and asked, “Is all of this living up to your expectations?”
He got up from his chair (and John noticed the minuscule twitch of his jaw when he did and he wondered why on Earth he had refused a shot of morphine before they had left the hospital) and said, “Let doctor Watson examine you, now.”
, of course – she had exerted flesh and blood from him, repeatedly, but it was not enough, apparently. She wanted more.
The man was in a room: it was bare except for a desk and a chair. The man looked in his late thirties: he was lean, had dark hair, matted with sweat and blood, a too pale skin, normally she would probably think he was gorgeous, the kind of man one could easily get a crush on -- or try to hit on if feeling bold; she could only feel pity, though, while looking at him, sitting in that chair, his face bruised, one eye swollen shut, his nose broken.
had known he wouldn’t find anything and yet that knowledge hadn’t stopped him. He had seen where the man had spent the last two weeks of his life, under constant surveillance after a guard of his block had been found dead in his own bed.
Sherlock shook his head no. “I shall meet Herman Bennett later, and I will not meet him without having as many details as possible. They want to play, but I will not allow them to set the rules, not with your fiancee’s life at stake.”
He got up from the chair; his movements were still jerky from time to time; he was getting better with each passing day, but his latest brush with a knife (and it had been far more than a brush, considering how close he had come to bleed to death!) had set things back.
. The cracks on the cool surface, the short man breaking a sweat, apparently he had expected something else, a different outcome. It would take just a push, a little shove to make him crumble. It would take more work with the tall man, he was aware of that, it was only a matter of time, which was a luxury he wasn’t sure he had, but he was sure that he would break too, eventually. Everyone did.
that kid he had had to threaten, more than once, to ban permanently from any crime scene in London if he didn’t get clean.
“Stop –“ John panted, it was a broken sound and it had nothing to do with the pleasure he could feel coiling up in his spine.
The pictures sent to the hospital all told a story, didn’t they? The picture of John and him kissing, a frame, taken shortly after he had told John about Serbia. And she had known. She had known what John’s presence at the hospital would do to his frame of mind, how it would make things easier in some ways and incredibly difficult in others  – she must have known what it had meant to have him at Baker Street after finding Jason Miller’s body because there had been bugs and cameras in his flat, because he had been spied on ever since he had come back to London.
“Here we are…” Sherlock said. He smiled, again, against his lips, he stole a quick kiss and then gently, but firmly pushed him back, putting physical distance between them.
“He should be in a hospital. I think he might have torn some stitches.” Joan said, breaking (thankfully) his train of thoughts.
(and blackmailed and resorted to call their mother to intercede for him for good measure) to give him time.
I want to thank my best friend for bearing with me while I was in the middle of rewriting for the millionth time the last chapter and for her constant support.
, coming from Sherlock, after – everything that had happened for the past few weeks had been upsetting.
He was tired of having macabre notes to deliver to Sherlock – of crime scene pictures, of scars on his friends’ bodies.
She really did not care about that and Sherlock knew there would be no use in asking her what had changed. She wanted him to deduce everything.  She would not volunteer information unless it was part of her
"Yes. But Sherlock, regarding Mary, you know that we could take preemptive action. There is no need to send a potentially good asset away right now." Mycroft said.
She was – red, blue and purple bruises, her hair was matted with sweat and blood against a white background: she had been hit, repeatedly, there were bruises on her face, on her neck, and what he could see of her right shoulder showed  clear imprints of fingers, clear like a stain of blood on a wall. Her right eye was completely swollen shut, her left eyes were bloodshot and there was still blood trailing down from her nose.
It had all happened very quickly – and Sherlock could deduce hundreds of things about the men who had taken Mary, about the van, but it would be useless. He would think later about the hundreds of useless details he had deduced, he would think that he had deduced everything but what really counted.
In a perfect, ideal world, they would be kissing, their bodies pressed so flush against each other’s, so much  that there would be no telling where one ended and the other began. They were not living in a perfect or ideal world, though. Not even close.
"Yes." He replied eventually. It was the truth. Lies had details, but the truth seldom required more words from him.
Those were Mycroft’s orders – apparently, Sherlock’s brother only wanted people he could trust inside that house.
“I know,” William said, “but they broke her fingers. She is a surgeon, Mr. Holmes –” The man shook his head and John saw, for the first time, some cracks in his façade of calm. The man was looking at Sherlock, perhaps expecting a tongue lashing from him (possibly craving it even), but Sherlock didn’t talk, at first, and when he did he said, “I told you. It wasn’t your fault.”
Getting to the cellar was taking time and he could spot anticipation in the eyes of the other men who had already got in the room: Drake and Harris,  who had shadowed Sherlock Holmes and John Watson since his stay at the hospital (ever since Joan had been retrieved he had learned far more than he had ever wanted to know about what had happened to Sherlock at the hands of Herman Bennett), Detective Inspector Lestrade, and two other operatives who were in the process of getting the steel door open.
The mole started to understand only when Sherlock shot the driver, once they were at the appointed rendez vouz point.
John shivered when they got outside the hospital; he had got used to the stuffed air of the hallways and Sherlock’s room, and was still wearing the cotton medical scrubs. It was raining and John closed his eyes for a moment, grateful for the cold after the initial shock, it was waking him up.
Right, the recent sex scandal involving a senator. He had read about that and the way it had unfolded had looked disconcertingly familiar.
loyal to Sherlock Holmes – and so was Molly – and about him, well... he would die for the bastard, no questions asked.
"You married a nurse who made you happy, you didn't marry --" Sherlock said, but the words came out of John's mouth before he could stop them, "She didn't."
trailing his long fingers through his hair, the other still on his chest, and John didn't even care that the other man could feel how strongly his heart was beating. It was fine - no, it was perfect...
Nevertheless, he had to ask, even if he knew it was an exercise in futility. “You must also be aware that killing me will not change the past,” Sherlock said.
Because Mr Bennett was just a kog in a larger machine that needed to be tore down, it needed to be destroyed, but he was right on one thing: that was a war and John would not be collateral damage. Not again, not because of him.
He didn’t turn. There was no use, he could hear the smile in the man’s voice. He still didn’t know his name, he didn’t know or care about his motive, he didn’t particularly care about his words either.
Mr. Neal had taught her that those people were useful as well, that they were assets: the plan, the strategy (an ember of it at first) had been Mr. Neal's idea, it had been an idea at first, she had just helped him to turn it into something real.
It felt, he realised, like the last few days before Moriarty had played his hand at the game: how each second with John had counted, how strategies and plans had been already in motion, on both sides, how he had been surprised that he didn't want to lose the life he had (with John).
It was Sherlock’s taste: so unique, so unmistakably his, that it was like they had kissed a million of times before, even if the angles were awkward and every movement, every swipe of their tongues sent shivers run up and down his spine.
“So, to sum it up: full immunity for us – or...” The man trailed, he didn’t need to end his sentence. The message was clear.
"You're not much of a talker, aren't you?" The man (Damien? Dylan?) chuckled seconds later while still wiping his mouth, his voice was hoarse and Sherlock shivered with post orgasmic chills and felt oddly proud of how wrecked the man's voice sounded.
Sherlock was still on the floor, it took him some effort to open his eyes and when he did, he focused (or, at least, he tried to) his gaze on a point behind her shoulders, his voice was soothing when he said, “Put that gun down. It’s over – “
John had told him that he was in love with him while he was in the hospital, he had believed him, of course, because he would always believe in John, but it was starting to feel
The person behind it all, the person Sherlock had spoken to the phone, the one working with Mary, had been extremely careful, to the point that no one had seen his or her rise to power.
Molly cleared her throat and Greg looked at her, she was near Anderson, in front of the computer screens where there was still the videos of Mary’s ‘execution’  and the one he had sent her of the room in standby.
The sitting room was as cosy as he remembered: bright colours and soft edges – a thin veneer of normalcy Mr. Bennett had used to hide what took place in the soundproof room in the basement.
John nodded and went to the door, he closed it, ignoring Lestrade’s inquisitive look and went back to the table. He sat, next to Sherlock, their thighs pressed under the table and John was surprised realizing that he could breathe more easily feeling Sherlock that close to him. He could see lines of pain around his mouth and bruise like shadows under his eyes and yet Sherlock was brimming with energy, he was –
Time coiled unto itself. It happened when John heard the shot, loud and clear through the earpiece someone, he would never remember whom, had given him. Up until then they had been silent, the only noises coming through the earpiece had been a light static and someone's soft breaths.
There was nothing in that room, just echoes of what had happened, images he had seen far too many times behind his closed lids at nights, the things he had absolutely refused to let cloud his mind when he had been in that room with Lestrade and Mycroft’s men – even if he could see, now, that it had been an exercise in futility.
He moved, entering the make-shift room with Greg and the paramedics; Joan was sitting on a crate, wrapped in Sherlock’s coat; somehow seeing Joan for the first time, made it all even more real. She was not the blond woman apparently chosen for her name and profession. She was not the smiling woman he had seen in the pictures in her flat, or the one he had seen in the videos.
They wanted him dead, they wanted him to suffer, there was a personal element behind what was going on, what were they waiting for?
It was the room, the cellar converted in a prison: the two Plexiglas cells, the ventilation grids in one of them, the tv sets on the walls.
"I will only say this once, so pay attention." Sherlock said, "Did he physically hurt me? Yes. Is it something I'd rather not think or talk about? Again, yes. Was it upsetting to be in the same room with him? Not in the least."
Silence fell around them, as neither of them moved, for a moment. John held Sherlock’s gaze, accepting the hand he offered to help him up without saying a word.
He had told himself that he would not see the video in John’s mobile phone, that it would be like admitting defeat. He did not particularly care about those thoughts when he took John’s mobile from his pocket. He did not even hesitate before pressing play.
"Victor Trevor. That is his thumb." Sherlock said. And he realised that he had not said that name aloud for over a decade. He truly hadn't thought,
And it was. He regretted killing people, even criminals, whose only fault had been to trust him or those who had helped him to get in touch with them. He didn't regret killing Magnussen.
“I thought that was implicit, John.” Mycroft said, but he was smiling and, for once, it was a genuine smile.
Sherlock sighed in relief as soon as they were in the garden – he had clearly made an effort for William and Joan, in part because he still felt guilty and also because he had once told him that he couldn’t begrudge William for something that he himself would have done.
Another affirmative answer. He noticed right away the lack of hesitation on the other side of the phone.
Sherlock blinked his eyes. He remembered Chicago: his face being kept down in a bucket of cold water, his body weak, he had got bronchitis, after, deep and shallow cuts on his body and sprained muscles. He had fled the city while still running a high fever, and it had been bad, it had become a haze of miles and bleak motel rooms and just wanting to be
And Molly Hooper had cried while he played the violin. Molly had known, because she knew he looked sad when he thought John wasn’t looking. She knew because she loved him and Sherlock had felt empathy, for once. He had felt sorry – he had wanted her to be happy, because no one, no one deserved to have their hearts ripped apart like that)
“Why did you give your coat to Joan?” John asked.  He hadn’t missed the way John had stifled a sigh at his answer. Did John truly believe that he had acted out of altruism with either woman?
fine things were when Sherlock’s parents had started to be part of his life again, when in the eighteen months before he had fallen he had never mentioned them, not once.
But John Watson couldn’t honestly believe that, given a choice, he would not – (fall, bleed, kill) do everything in his power to see that no harm came to him.
The wording was strange – but Sherlock didn’t have the time to examine the man’s words. Darkness – numbness felt too inviting, too powerful. He succumbed.
He got close to him, invading his space and said, "Oh, I can tell you a lot of things, Lestrade! I can tell you that there were two men here who watched her die, that they chose to shoot her to the stomach because it would be more
seeing, he realised looking at Lestrade. Lestrade was getting it, now. Lestrade, his mind uselessly supplied, clearly needed sleep, clearly wasn’t eating enough and he was worried. The worry had ceased to be for him, though.
Mary didn’t try and do anything, she let the man cuff her to the chair; she looked disoriented, she looked exhausted.
He wasn't allowed to get inside the house for what it felt like hours, even though paramedics went in and he protested that he was a doctor, Sherlock's physician, and to fucking let him, but to no avail. John needed to move, to get in the house, to fight his way in if necessary. He needed to see for himself that Sherlock was really alive, that they hadn't run out of miracles.
