And that was, after all, the whole point of tonight.
The sight made Dean’s blood boil deep in his gut, his hips rolling up against Castiel’s thigh desperately.
After reading through the whole thing several more times, Dean slowly blinked and dragged his eyes up to where the professor stood, at the front of the class.
eyes, Dean had always thought. Not Jimmy’s, not by a long stretch. The few times Castiel had departed his vessel and they’d been left with the erstwhile Mister Novak, it had been like looking at a whole other creature. Flat. Feelingless, for Dean. Not Cas.
Alright, the people actually dancing might have been kicked out of some regular clubs for what they were—or weren’t—wearing, but other than that, it was a pretty normal sight. Dean pushed through the crowds, nodding and smiling as much as his mask would allow as he spotted familiar faces. Little Rock was a pretty big city, and even with the controlled membership of the club, Impact was always incredibly busy.
“You said that last—”
Dean had nothing against prostitution. What people did with their own bodies, as long as it was willing, was absolutely none of his business. But even moments into their acquaintance, Dean could tell that the merman had zero desire to be here.
Quickly dropping his phone onto the kitchen counter, Castiel grabbed a couple of hand towels from the front of the cabinets and ran them hastily under the now perfectly functional kitchen tap. “Here,” Castiel said, struggling to sound sincere. “Keep your eyes shut.”
Right. The pounding, swollen egg on the back of Dean’s head. The reason they were here. He’d actually managed to relax while he was sitting and chatting with Castiel, but reality came crashing back as they rose from their seats. Dean could feel his blood pressure rising.
amazing mermaid art has been inspiring some arty folk to try their hand at their own version of Mer Cas. As long as I can get permission from the artists, I'll be including a little roundup of additional fanart at the end of the fic. Just a little something extra to look forward to seeing next week!! (And a quick heads up in case anyone else would like to contribute!)
“What about people who—” Dean moistened his lips nervously, “—aren’t very good at it? I mean, not everyone signs, right?”
ok. want to meet somewhere then?
“No, stubborn little seraph, you will not.”
He raised their joined hands, making eye contact with Castiel before he pressed his lips to the soft pads of Castiel’s fingers, one tip at a time.
the mattress squeaking out a loud groan that matched Dean’s own. Castiel’s hands were hot, and keen, and
“Hey,” he said, stepping forward. He reached out, resting a hand on Castiel’s shoulder, ducking down to find Castiel’s eyes. “Talk to me, Cas. Tell me what I’m doing wrong, here.”
Dean sat up, causing a wave of water to
“Classified.” The voice was not MEG’s, though it came through her PA system.
Castiel’s reactions to him the other day seemed to indicate that perhaps Castiel appreciated what he saw, at least—and if Dean could use that to his advantage in getting Castiel to open up to him, to seeing whether there could be anything more between them…well then, he would certainly do so.
Obediently, Dean clicked the button and dropped it down to the sand next to him. It was dark, but with the moon overhead, the beach looked like a negative photograph, grays and soft blacks highlighted in beams of light from overhead.
Castiel walked ahead of Dean into the hallway, taking off his soaked hat and placing it down on the small wooden bench that ran parallel to the wall. He ran his fingers through this hair then, shaking his head like a dog before roughly pushing the wild mess back out of his eyes.
“No running today,” Castiel spelled out in front of Dean’s chest. “I thought I’d exercise here, instead.”
. If you'd like to bypass it, you can skip the second scene entirely and I will summarize in the end note, as I've done previously.
Somehow, Dean had survived dinner. He still had no idea how, even as he and Castiel strolled through the walkways of Lawrence park, hand-in-hand. The sun was almost down, the trees highlighted in faded red and pink, and the water in the ornamental ponds gleamed with glittering yellows and oranges that brought to mind fireworks and bonfires and sparklers fading out in the breeze. The air was warm, spring sprung and clinging on, whispering of summer to come. It was a gorgeous evening.
It was another hour or so before Castiel surfaced, but Dean didn’t mind; he dug his boot heels down into the damp sand and finished his Steinbeck on the shore, one hand resting on his strangely hollow chest. The early evening was warm and clear, the piney scent of the forest carrying on the light breeze and mixing with the warm musk of sand and salt. A perfect day to watch the sunset, relax, and swim.
But he was trying to let his brothers clean up their own messes, at least
It was tempting; Dean was, quite literally, Castiel’s sexiest dreams come to life as he stood on the slippery stones, water cascading around his freckled shoulders, with nothing but his trusty brown fedora positioned carefully to maintain his dignity.
Oh, what the hell.
“My father and I had a disagreement,” Dean explained. “I’d returned from my Tour and I was encouraged to court a reasonable enough match—the oldest daughter of Lord Braeden, from Herefordshire. But we parted ways, by our own decision, and my father never forgave me for it.”
Dean groaned. “You wanna blow me, Cas?”
Dean couldn’t help but laugh. “No—nice idea, though, they’ve got otters there. Otters are cool.”
Castiel gave a somewhat disbelieving hum. “Not at all, though that’s its own fun, on occasion. But this, this beautiful, pliant submission…this is a precious gift.”
What do you think of Gabriel's message...and what do you think the final transmission will contain?
Castiel was quiet for a moment, and Dean didn’t push. But eventually, before the silence stretched on too long, Castiel said, “Yes, it is hot. The situation is very, uh…”
Dean explained. He told Castiel about Adler’s behavior in class, about his pointed looks and refusal to face Dean's direction. He told him how he turned his back, how he addressed every part of the room except Dean’s. And Dean told Castiel about his intention to corner Adler after, to ask for his slides or some notes to be emailed, and how Adler had swept past Dean’s desk without a glance.
Reflexively, Dean reached up to touch his shirt pocket and pat it, checking on the mer scales within. He could feel the outline of their thin, sharp edges through the cotton of his shirt, and it set his mind at rest. At least a little.
They were monsters. He was a hunter.
“We have to share a room? Come on,” Dean said. “That’s not cool.”
what he was—dropped his eyebrows further as Dean stayed where he was, studying him wordlessly. Then, with another
Castiel knew exactly what he was doing; knowing that Dean
Dean let out a grunt at the pressure, his eyes opening involuntarily as he bit down on his lip. All he could see was the black-painted wall and the end of the bed, with its sturdy metal posts at each corner. He imagined being spread out on that bed, tied to immobility, with Castiel filling up all of his spaces, body and mind. Yes, as long as tonight went well—and tomorrow night, if that date happened—then that was one-hundred-percent what he wanted.
“Dean,” Castiel said very softly, as if he knew how shaky that straw house of hope was. “Do you think I’m leaving you?”
“Did you find anything?” Dean asked, shuffling closer and rearranging his legs so that he could drop his feet over the edge of the mattress, Castiel sat between his thighs.
As Castiel moved one hand gradually down his own stomach, movement drew Dean’s eyes to the scales that covered the front of Castiel’s hips, right where his crotch would be, if he had such a thing.
—and Castiel mirrored his expression.
Michael inclined his head, a sad air to his expression as his eyes ducked to the floor. “I was not made to question. Perhaps if I had, things would be different.”
“Cas?” Dean pulled back enough to be able to study his lover’s face. “Do you love me?”
Castiel’s eyes widened in pleasure, panting with delight as Dean continued his low, filthy encouragement.
Dean tossed and turned in bed. His blankets—usually comfortingly heavy, Men of Letters-issue beige wool—felt like they were pinning his legs to the bed and constricting his chest, an imaginary straight-jacket of his own making. Eventually he kicked them off and lay in the cold, pulling up just the freshly bleached sheet across his chest. But still, he stared up at the accusing darkness of the ceiling.
Michael glowered. He was a really good glowerer, with Adam’s thick eyebrows descending judgily. “If you had listened to me in the first place, then I wouldn’t have to say any such thing. How many close calls will it take before you learn?”
“No.” Dean smiled gratefully as he shook his head. “I can do it, you don’t have to help. I want to do it.”
Castiel’s hand raised to his throat, wrapping around the amulet—
“Great, now you get to double-team me. Should’ve stayed in the jungle.”
Resting his head back against the convenient wall behind his plastic chair, the makeshift ice pack wedged against it, Dean held his clipboard of patient information across his lap and closed his eyes. Things were less
that was not gonna make it better—or she was sending him dorky math jokes or musings on his handmaiden costume for their planned upcoming cosplay weekend. He could answer her later; he wasn’t in the mood.
“Yes,” Castiel confirmed, his forehead rocking against Dean’s as he nodded. After a beat, his tongue darted out to moisten his lips and he quietly added, “Dean? Could we perhaps try some of that improved communication, now? You know I’m not the best at understanding the subtleties of human intention and I…I really don’t want to misunderstand.”
By the time they’d managed to lock the door, Dean had Castiel pressed up against the back of it. His thigh was between Castiel’s legs, and they were chest-to-chest as they made out breathlessly, all tongues and heavy, panting breaths.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel signed silently, watching Dean intensely. “This is still my fault, and I—"
“Yes, I suppose it’s late enough,” Castiel agreed, his tiny, sharp grin slightly amused.
Shaking his head in confusion, Castiel gathered his reserves of energy to get up and lurch toward the battered old dresser that he’d rescued from one of the other bedrooms, and had cleared out to put his clothes in.
But for now, he unlocked the doors, sent them on their way, and gave them the best shot at freedom that he could.
and his voice practically vibrated as he hovered a breath away from Dean’s lips.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean whispered down to the water splashing at the edges of his rock with every wave. “You could be at the other end of the goddamn Pacific Ocean, for all I know, but…well, I hope you’ve got your ears on.”
If you enjoyed the vibe and think you'd enjoy a fic in a similar era but with a dash of Sherlock Holmes style monster hunting action, check out
This was about
Dean had a feeling the true picture was much less clean and sweet than that.
Dean checked his phone again.
“Peanut butter, gummy bears, cotton candy.”
Oh, God,
“But?” Dean asked when Castiel didn’t manage to complete the sentence.
Filled with a kind of porcine-hatred that Castiel never knew he had in him, Castiel let out a primal cry as he flipped up from his back onto his feet, lunging at the pig. Fatback squealed in panic, and the chase began—Castiel tailed Fatback out of the bedroom, down the stairs, and through the hallway, screaming obscenities until the pig dashed out of the duct-taped front door, taking both the tape and the door with him.
“Coffee,” Castiel said unhurriedly, pulling out a crisp bill and pressing two fingers down onto its face on the countertop before sliding it very slowly across to Dean. “To go this time.”
Castiel’s hands grew hotter and hotter, uncomfortably so. Dean guessed that Castiel must have been able to feel it, too, because he looked concerned, his eyes flicking between his grip on Dean’s shoulder and Dean’s face.
He’d given Dean a key to the front door after he’d agreed to partner on the farm, but he certainly hadn’t expected him to use it for surprise flower deliveries.
“Hey, my first drink wasn’t—” Charlie began.
Please do go check out her social media and give her some love!
Adler’s eyes flicked across, took him in, raced back to Castiel.
Back-to-back, the chairs formed a square, and if it hadn’t been for the other obvious evidence, it would have been easy to think that four people sat in the seats.
Happy Tuesday, y'all!
It was thick, and old, and written by someone named Harif Ala Al-din before being translated by a helpful-sounding Tracy Shadwell.
Without a desk, out in the field as they were, Dean placed his paper and ink on a thin board. He rested it on his knees as he hastily started to write, as if somehow every second counted—though no matter how fast he was, Castiel wouldn’t get his letter for days.
Dean switched up what he wore based on his mood, but he had certain staples that just helped get him into the zone: some kind of lacy or silky underwear, and a mask.
“And you would prefer me to be formal?” Dean asked, skeptical, resting his forearms on his thigh as he looked over at Castiel. “Even knowing each other as we do, having corresponded as long as we have? Would you have me call you Lord Castiel Shurley, and take no interest in you?”
Luckily, he spotted a familiar fugly beige trench coat on a stone bench under one of the old oaks.
Why did he think he could do this?
“Thank goodness,” he said, chuckling as he loosened the silk and then began rolling up the sleeves of his white dress shirt. “I didn’t want to cross any lines, but really, working from home and still having to dress up is awful.”
Dean’s chest was tightening up again. He tried to suck in a breath, but he felt like a balloon on the verge of popping. With flushed cheeks, he shook his head and said, “How’d you just—you can’t just say stuff like that, Cas, Jesus.”
“And…do I?” Dean asked, still a little confused.
The waitress returned very quickly with their plates, much to his stomach’s delight, and topped up their coffees. Once she’d departed, Dean picked up the syrup bottle that she’d left them and drizzled it generously all over his stack before offering it to Cas.
I hope you enjoyed a fluffy little 'slice of life' bonding moment for our boys. We've got places to go and things to find, but these two will always be our main focus!
in midair, snapping and contorting and bubbling in a horribly familiar way.
Jumping a mile, Castiel spun around, releasing a cloud of soot from the wide pipe length that he held, and tugged his earbuds out of his ears.
The drive to Charlie and Dorothy’s place didn’t take long. Dean already knew the route like the back of his hand—ever since they’d met, Dean had been crashing in Charlie’s spare room any time he had an early class and didn’t have work, or if he’d gone over to hang out. Really, he should give up his shitty one-bedroom place and just pay rent to Charlie. It was closer to school, anyway.
Bobbi was three, and she was adorable, but Dean had no idea how he was going to get any work done. Thank God; Sam’s plan of attack for the local Piggly Wiggly had him going after lunch when the currently soccer-less moms in beige minivans had already departed. That meant that Bobbi would only be around during Dean’s calls with Cas, not with Adler. His boss never had to know.
Just under an hour later, he was woken by the buzzer on his apartment door.
“I did not. The town is definitely doing better than the farm is these days though,” Castiel said around another chunky mouthful of perfect, goopy apple.
Dean blinked a couple of times; Michael stared back.
Even if it meant giving up what made him happy.
“Deosil,” Sam said, his eyes on the floor as he started swishing his broom around.
“Well, I’m replacing it,” Castiel said. “With a contemporary, eco-friendly, low-flow faucet that actually works. But for now, I just need a matching tap.”
Rinsing the cloth for the last couple of gills, Dean shot Castiel another little grin before he got started on them.
So...he waited.
Yeah, Dean was a snarky, prickly ass. Sometimes.
it’s the blue of a profound bond, the blue of a big win, the blue of “I love you.”
Frowning, Castiel nodded his understanding. “But you enjoyed being in the army.”
At the sound, Castiel gave a pleased chuckle—the sound was deep and rumbling, like the purr of Baby’s engine, and it immediately became one of Dean’s two favorite sounds in the world.
Dean couldn’t help but snort at the slightly possessive glint in Castiel’s eye. He loved it. Settling into the Impala’s passenger seat, Dean thought briefly that it was odd to not be behind her wheel…but then his thoughts braked sharply and stalled as Castiel slid into the driver’s side. Watching Castiel’s strong, elegant fingers wrap around Baby’s leather-wrapped steering wheel was a wholly erotic experience; Castiel might as well have been curling his hand around Dean’s dick.
Buckshot. From a shotgun shell.
Alright. Dean ducked into the water and swam after him, gritting his teeth against the initial rush of cold, and followed. His body adjusted quickly to the temperature as Castiel led them away from the shore—not far, just out past the breaker zone to where the bottom turned to dark sand and dropped away.
Castiel’s eyes closed slowly, dreamily, and his brow pressed harder into Dean’s, his hands coming to Dean’s shoulders, gripping tight. He was smiling. He let out a long, slow breath, one that sounded like he’d held it somewhere much deeper than his lungs.
Pulling back before he made it weird, Dean shrugged one shoulder awkwardly and signed, “Well, thanks. It’s nice that you think that. Pretty sure Adler just thinks I’m a waste of space and resources, though.”
Dean thought, grinning to himself.
Thanks, first of all, to the DCBB 2020 mods for running this challenge smoothly for another year. You are appreciated.
Castiel huffs out a laugh and rearranges his hands, cupping Dean’s face like it’s a precious thing, an idol Dean will never be worthy of being.
“Dork,” Dean pressed into Castiel’s forehead.
Dean inhaled, sucking in a long breath and then puffing out his cheeks, letting it out with a long whistle. “Yeah. What a douchebag.”
“Yes,” Castiel answered, his voice quivering. “If you’re really, really sure.”
Dark, voluminous hair that had the slightest curl to it crowned a handsome face with impressive cheekbones and soft, pouty lips. His eyes—fuck.
you looking for a naked, slime covered asshole?”
“We can come back,” Castiel said, smiling gently. “Or go somewhere else, of course. Next time we take a break from work.”
The bowlegged man (who Castiel didn’t get the name of, because he'd have had to shout over the non-stop AC/DC that blared through the car the moment the engine restarted) dropped Castiel off outside the Bellbird Valley Post Office. He helped him get his suitcase out of the Impala’s wide trunk, and even held up Castiel’s backpack for him to stick his arms through. Castiel was almost ready to apologize again when the guy opened his mouth.
This one, though… This one was
Dean’s only response was to deliver a playful swat across Castiel’s bare butt as he stood, drawing a loud protest from the old floorboards.
“Hey,” Castiel mumbled indignantly.
“And the others?”
employed to interpret for you, there are other parts to my job.”
There was another lightning flash, but this time the world didn’t go straight back to black—something lingered, a spark of light between their palms. In contrast to Dean’s shoulder—which was now
Firstly: thank you, thank you to everyone who was so kind and patient with me last week after seeing on my social media that a family member of mine had passed away. I'm sorry that it put a blip in my posting schedule, my whole week was chaos. I really do appreciate the love and good wishes, though. I love and appreciate all of you, and if I learned something last week, it was that you can never say that too much, to anyone.
under the pulsating lights, a flush of beer and heat on his cheeks, his hips swaying and dipping.
“First time for everything,” Dean teased.
“Let me see,” Dean said, holding out his palm calmly.
Eyes ahead, Dean pushed the door open.
Time to go.
Dean wrestled the beer bottle from Castiel’s fingers. “Hey,” he said.
With a soft hum of agreement, Sam fell into step beside him. Dean felt a swell of gratitude for his steadfast, reliable brother, who hadn’t hesitated to commit a third-degree felony at Dean’s side…and it was hardly the first time.
- Mal <3
Castiel nodded over his steaming, delicious coffee before taking a careful, hot sip. “Yes, he’s been working on it every spare minute that Bobby hasn’t needed him. We’re making a lot of progress.”
Sam looked up for a moment, reading the title of the leather-bound tome. “Oh, the angel stuff? We got them when Garth sent that team out to the old warehouse in Geneva. Remember? The one that Crowley used to use.”
The people, though, he was finding to be quite lovely.
They waited.
signs that my brother wouldn’t be an expert on” —Gabriel moved his hands in a series of words that Dean was clueless about, but that he could tell from the waggling eyebrows he would not be asking for explanations for— “you know who to ask!”
There was a tug on his yoga mat, under his arm.
Had wanted to. Possibly for some time.
Sighing affectionately, Dean picked the pen back up. “Fine. Let’s start with scratching, biting, and tickling…”
Once he’d clicked through the menu and gotten his favorite episode on screen with closed captions, Dean went to grab his phone from his room and throw a quick text to Castiel.
Dean reached up with the back of his hand to wipe the sweat from his brow. It was always hot and muggy this deep in the jungle, but it was even more so as June pushed on. The team of archaeologists pushed with it, working as fast as they could to reveal the palace’s secrets before the rainy season began.
...As
Castiel asked, both hands coming down to hitch up the fabric of his dress pants across his thick thighs, so that he could crouch down to eye level with his weary sub. He reached forward, cupping the side of Dean’s face lovingly as he waited for his answer.
“The Hulk?” Castiel squinted. “I thought he was a good guy, in those old movies? The person overriding MEG doesn’t sound friendly.”
“They sure do. I’m bringing them down to look at it in around two weeks, will you be done by then?”
“Here,” he said, uncapping it and offering it to Dean. “Can you drink some of this, please?”
Immediately, even as their lips met, Dean recognized something wrong; Castel shifted beneath him, his body curling down into the mattress, away from Dean.
- Mal
, stopped him from asking.
The angel’s shoulders stiffened, but after studying Dean’s face for another beat, he nodded. “If you want to.”
Luckily, the general heat disguised any other reasons—like nerves or apprehension—that Dean might have for being a bit sweaty.
He’d better keep his phone close all day, in case Claire needed a brain to pick or research help. Though, realistically, if she needed either of those she’d be calling Sam at the bunker. Unless, of course, he was out hunting with Eileen—a special ‘lady friend’ hunter he’d met on a banshee case down in Kansas.
With that, I won't keep you waiting anymore... back to Dean and Cas!
(One final note, if you enjoyed this fic and you're looking for more with similar tropes, and by some miracle you have not read it, I must recommend
Dean smiled, pulling Baby up alongside Connie. “Thank you for coming, Cas,” he said quietly.
clear as day, a bright, mocking stain.
They never mentioned it.
The hallway beyond Dean’s bedroom door was always lit, even at night, with the dim, low-level emergency lighting that Sam wasn’t quite certain about the source of, even after all these years. Dean reached up to run a hand across his face as he walked, shoving it back through his hair and up to his crown, scratching idly. As his hand slid back down, his arm paused, his feet slowing.
The direct flight to Cancún was just over three and a half hours, and Dean spent the entirety of it asleep on Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel thought that it was pretty funny that Dean was so aerophobic that his doctor prescribed medicine to knock him out every time he flew, given how much of his life he must’ve spent on airplanes. Because he was a good boyfriend, he didn’t tease him, though. He just let Dean drool a wet patch on his shoulder. And maybe took a photo or two. Which possibly, maybe, somehow got sent to Sam, who was already in Cancún with his botanist wife, awaiting Dean and Castiel’s arrival.
“I can pull myself across the beach—” Castiel began quietly.
I hope you've all had a good week. If you've not, here's a hug if you'd like one and some encouraging words: You got this, friend.
Dean didn’t need to see the eyeroll to know it was there. Which was convenient, because all he could see was the stretch of those ridiculously fucking
“How?” Dean asked curiously, shrugging off his jacket as he stepped into the clean, modern foyer of Charlie’s fancy rental.
Heading upstairs only took them seconds, as Dean knew exactly where he was going and Castiel was in a hurry to get Dean’s clothes off before he woke up from whatever fantastic dream this turned out to be. When they reached Castiel’s bedroom, though, they finally fully separated and took a breath.
They only lasted ten minutes with Castiel on the opposite side of the huge desk, straining over it to point out various names and numbers to Dean, before Dean shook his head.
“Third class,” Dean added, almost a whisper.
“I have to control it,” Castiel said down into the soaked knees of his pants, his voice barely audible above the water. “Somehow.”
Dean sighed. “Peanut butter, gummy bears, cotton candy. Coming right up.”
“Because if you actually thought I was going to be an ass about it, then I’m a little offended.”
_____
softly out from between his lips, reaching to cup them with his hand instead, the other coming to Castiel’s hip to keep him steady. Dean was cautious, giving the sensitive area the care it deserved, but he’d learned that Castiel loved to have his balls played with during sex; he loved it when Dean sucked on them, or delicately tugged them away from his body while working his shaft, or tenderly squeezed at them while swallowing him down. He was sensitive in that way, and more than anything, Dean loved to watch Castiel fall apart beneath his stoic veneer.
Dean yelped, and Castiel let out a low chuckle. “Beautiful,” he said, pressing the word into Dean’s skin.
“Balthazar personally vouched for him. Apparently, he’s known the guy for years; they were kids together.”
Meg was extra made-up, with bright red lips and her bleached, voluminous hair piled to one side. She must be on the prowl for a new victim, Castiel decided—probably the new archaeology guy. Speaking of…
It’s the blue of cornfields and the blue of skies and a million and one other sappy things that Dean doesn’t worry about, because to
people crowded onto the porch behind Dean. The sight caused his mouth to drop open.
With another smirk, the man ducked back behind the wheel, shaking his head. “Forget I mentioned it then,” he offered amiably. “Oh, and you’re welcome, by the way.”
“Your mystery letter writer. Sending you little pictures of home, is she?”
Dean allowed himself a brief smile at Castiel's immediate urgency. He’d never seen him abbreviate a single word in text before. It warmed something in Dean’s chest.
P.S. As always, if you want updates when I post, please do
Well...Dean put his foot in it. But, he also knew what he did, and apologized immediately. Progress, right? And now Dean and Castiel are going to see each other outside of school, deliberately this time! That's got to be a good thing, surely...
mirroring Dean’s own thoughts.
Dean merely fluttered his eyelashes dramatically. He was being silly about it, but Castiel really
Dean raised an eyebrow in question.
Deep breaths.
- Mal <3
Castiel bit down into his lower lip as he felt Dean’s cock throb within him, feeling it pulse and stutter as Dean did the very same, caged around him. It seemed impossible that Dean’s cock could twitch how it did with Castiel’s tight ass clamping around it, but nonetheless it did, swelling as Dean let out a low-pitched rumble.
“Alright, alright.” Castiel gave in, lugging his dusty, straining luggage to the back of the car.
Castiel tilted his head endearingly, and it filled Dean’s ribcage with a buzzing pressure to see it.
Chuckling, Castiel nodded and waved her on before turning back to Sam. Realizing that he was going to have breakfast with his friend and that, for the first time in his life, he had a “usual” somewhere, he couldn’t help a small grin pulling at him.
“Cassie,” Balthazar was saying cautiously, his hands coming up defensively, his posture losing some of his surety. “Let’s be reasonable, baby, there’s no need to—"
Yup, cute.
“So what’s new?” Dean joked lightly. Squeezing Castiel’s shoulder a little tighter before he added more softly, “When I was where you are, I tried everything. I drank and fought and fucked, and even then, I could only suppress what that thing would do to me for so long. And Michael said it would be worse for you.”
*** SMUT SUMMARY ***
Slowly, Dean dropped his hand from Castiel’s mouth. He pulled back and bared both his palms to Castiel, settling back onto the edge of the mattress, holding his hands up in a gesture of truce.
A pop quiz.
Meg was petite, much smaller than Castiel’s nearly six-foot frame, and her big round eyes and baby face were a strange contrast to her snarky personality, badly dyed hair, and ripped denim. But right then, she looked nothing more than welcoming, even while cussing out Castiel’s ex. It was just what best friends did.
As a child, Winchester Hall had been his refuge. As he’d grown into a young man, it had become an isolating place where he’d felt pressured into a life he didn’t want.
Dean could have sworn Michael bit back an amused smile of his own before he pulled away from the curb.
“Talk to her, ask her your questions, and from this point forward I’ll just interpret her words directly. Okay?”
Castiel tilted his head in question.
shape.
“Pants,” Castiel’s voice rasped lower.
Sometimes, Castiel would ask Dean to swim with him. He was a little shy about it at first, which was strangely endearing, as if he thought that wanting to have his human friend in
another layer beneath as he slid the fabric from his arms.
“You’re gonna need it!” Claire tacked on, before
Dean’s numb heart thumps painfully, just once, reminding him it can still break just a little more, if he wants. “What the hell’s the difference?” he bites out spitefully, shaking his shoulder from Michael’s hand as he stumbles to his feet.
and Castiel was barely thinking as he strode forward after him, slamming his palm down onto the doorframe.
Thanks, as always, to captainhaterade and EllenOfOz...and of course, to
“I shall go retrieve your brother and Castiel. Though I still believe his presence is unwise,” Michael said after a long moment. “My brother should have been left out of this.”
Castiel’s eyes skimmed obviously down across Dean’s chest and arms, lingering before he looked self-consciously away again. “There’s an excellent tailor down in the village, a Mr. Matthews. I can make an appointment to bring him to Winchester Hall for measurements.”
“What are you doing here?” Jo asked, her brow lifted in surprise. “It’s dark out, Bobby’s already gone so I was about to lock up.”
“Swim,” Dean agreed. “Until we can get that amulet back.”
“Drink up then, and let's be sad about bees.”
submissive, and pick-up play arrangements were hardly the time to indulge in punishments. But he stayed; if he’d done something to upset the sub, then he should try to fix it. They weren’t in play yet, this was about him having upset a
P.S. Come follow me on
“You’re sure that you’re ready to do this?” Castiel asked, hovering next to Dean in the increasingly annoying way he’d developed over the last couple of days.
“I know.”
“Cas,” Dean said, as soon as Castiel had managed to wobble his way down the stairs and open the door. “You look awful.”
“You saved her,” Castiel pointed out solemnly. “By extension, you saved everyone.”
Castiel paused, his fingers resting on the leather spine of the thickest book before him. “If it pleases you, my lord, and that is what you would have me do, for now.”
Castiel leaned back in the sun, shaking the water from his hair so that the droplets sprayed out from him in a beautiful rainbow spray. Dramatic bastard. Dean smiled fondly.
opinion of him, but it made him happy that Cas would even care. “Yeah, alright. Catch you Monday.”
“Ask me?” Castiel tilted his head at the question. “Ask me what?”
After a moment’s awkward shuffling, the suitcase stayed shut.
“I think it’s a ring,” Castiel said, sounding a little puzzled.
With a gasping cry, Castiel’s hips stuttered as his wrist continued his frantic movement. Warm, creamy threads of his come spurted out, hitting Dean’s chest, his chin, his cheek.
“You’ve signed the waiver,” Earl was saying. “We don’t take any responsibility for anything, y’hear me—bites, scrapes, disease. Anything they do to you, you’re on your own.”
Once she’d taken their order back to the kitchen and brought their sodas, Dean pulled one knee up onto the bench seat so that he could angle himself toward Castiel a little more, leaning one shoulder on the seat back.
Pushing down a strange pang of longing, Dean raised an eyebrow skeptically. “So, you’re telling me there are no drawbacks to signing all the time?”
Castiel didn’t sign an answer, his tilted head and puzzled brow enough.
Dean studied the patterns the running sand made around his legs and Castiel’s tail where it was curled into Dean’s thighs.
Fuck, he had it bad. For the dork who gets arrested for disruptive reading, apparently.
Baby’s tires squealed as Dean floored the accelerator, her engine roaring in complaint as he swung them around the corner onto the main road. More shots rang out. Baby’s back window screamed and shattered, a white web almost entirely obscuring Dean’s view in the mirror.
Charlie gave Dean a strange, held-back, fond smile that he couldn’t quite interpret, but Dean was spared from any further interrogation by Dorothy stepping into the room with a tray full of fruity drinks with umbrellas.
“I can think of one or two things that might improve it even more,” Dean said, leaning in to press a chaste kiss to Castiel’s lips.
“Ahh, that’s Fatback,” the man said, as if that explained everything. “Every now and again one of the locals tries to take him in, but he ain’t havin’ it.”
“Well, I’m not an Officer, I’m a maintenance technician.”
“She’s displayed with all her effects. A purse, hair combs…jewelry.”
“He’s my interpreter, Sam. That literally means he’s paid to spend time with me.”
Castiel smiled, looking down at the chubby rodent as it nuzzled lazily against his tie .”Oh, she’s mine. I don’t have any children. I live alone, so Meg is valuable company.”
“Cas, I—” Dean began, not wanting to cause trouble.
- Mal <3
“You get thirty minutes,” Earl said. “Have fun.”
“Suit yourself,
“That bad, huh?”
“Sam!” Dean called out, low but relieved, as he saw his brother sat in the middle of the casino floor, amidst eerily flashing slot machines that had never been so silent.
As Castiel climbed up his break-neck front steps to the porch, the new kitchen tap under his arm, he paused. He expected to see the flaky blue door held shut with duct tape, or, more realistically, swinging slightly open after being busted through by the pig.
Good enough, he supposed.
Traitor.
Dean turned them onto a bush-lined pathway and watched Castiel gazing around with a smile. The season being what it was, they weren’t surrounded by blooming roses—though the gardens were still pretty and green, blooms or not—but Dean had another plan. A couple of twists and turns later, Dean slowed.
a feminine robotic voice blared in Dean’s ears. “
“Remember Purgatory?” Dean interrupted quietly.
“Oh, come on. You saw the train station, and we call this country road a highway. You think we’ve got Uber out here?”
“Kind of forgot that you probably don’t know all of our tragic backstories,” Sam said, light and teasing as he leaned back to make space for Claire to place a mug of steaming hot tea in front of him. It smelled like apples and jasmine. “Small towns, everyone just knows everyone. It’s gotta be hard to come in from the outside, totally new.”
on his thigh.
The escape from the fire had been a lot riskier than Dean had planned for, but all in all, he was fine. If he’d stayed a few more minutes though…
His suitcase and backpack, both weighty and desperate for freedom, were rumbling down the hill toward the car on little plastic wheels.
Dean’s bark of laughter was unexpected, but Castiel liked it. “Glad to know you think I look like a model, Cas,” Dean said, winking cheekily before he carried on, wiggling his eyebrows. “Does this mean I’ve got something going for me, at least?”
And it kept him here. At the cabin. Peaceful, safe. With Castiel.
And they had. From nipple clamps requested by Dean to inverted suspension asked for by Castiel, they had all kinds of scenarios to play around with in the future.
“I’m gonna grab my jacket and head out,” Dean told Sam, who was engrossed on his phone. “Text me that list.”
Slowly coming apart for air, Dean scattered little kisses around Castiel’s face before shifting to adjust himself in his pants. He was still hard from the taste and the scent and the feel of Castiel, and having his dick poking down his boxer leg was uncomfortable.
Castiel’s eyes were bluer than ever from so close, the white lights of Vista Diner shining through the window behind Dean’s back and making them gleam. His dark eyelashes rested against his skin as he looked up at Dean from beneath them, still forehead-to-forehead, framing the sky-hued brightness with a line of contrasting black.
It seemed the locals had learned to take the cookies and test them out of sight. Castiel made a note for the future.
Dean regarded the blocky, old-fashioned lump of a car. It could have been a classic, to some people, he supposed. This one, though, was kinda banged up and had bizarre hydraulics and a bad paint job.
Castiel wrinkled his nose. “Gum? Why would there be—”
Dean fills him in.
I’m calling it a day for studying
“Figures,” Dean muttered to himself, watching as Castiel quickly downed the contents of the precious plastic bottle.
It was nice.
Dean pushed the thoughts away. They had a job to do.
With that, enjoy the last chapter!
“So, how was that? Was it helpful to have me sign all the time, or merely a distraction?”
“Hey, Gabe,” Dean said as he tapped Gabriel on the forearm with two fingers, drawing his attention up from the candy stash awaiting him on the desk. “Can I ask you something?”
Dean hated this whole place already. He detested the incense and the beaded curtains, the musky smell, the multiple pairs of brown man-sandals they passed as they walked across a sunny courtyard, drifting left to move around a pink, blossoming tree planted in the middle.
Shuddering, Castiel quietly hoped that nothing had died inside.
“They want to buy Bellbird Valley Farm.” Castiel felt like a parrot, echoing Balthazar’s words, but he was having trouble processing at this hour of the morning.
“You’re…” Castiel began uncertainly, stepping forward.
“Alright, Cas. I got you.” Dean spread his fingers and pushed Castiel’s boxer briefs down, the cotton bunching up around his wrist as he guided them across Cas’s thighs.
“Ahh, yeah. The station isn’t used much, bit of a relic really. The town itself is a couple miles that-a-way,” the guy said hopefully, pointing over the fields down the slope.
“No, no,” Castiel shook his head, ignoring the documentary entirely as he focused on the blanket close to his face. “Nothing that you can do. When angels molt, if they have a companion to help them through it, it’s…different. We don’t work the same way humans do, but a molt companion is… It’s a bond, a choice. Someone that stays close and supports the angel when needed, and then we do the same, in turn. They stay physically close, help groom the feathers, make sure that, uh, that the angel feels safe and cared for.”
But Dean had bigger problems than a disembodied voice speaking a language he didn’t know—he was awake, for one thing.
It made him bolder.
He loves Castiel, too.
With a chuckle, Castiel surged up off the couch, wrapping Dean in his arms where he straddled his lap, smiling as he kissed him softly on the tip of his nose. “You have a deal then,
He moved forward, placing a foot on the first step up to the porch—only to go straight through it, of course. Cursing, arms flailing as he righted himself, Castiel quickly hurried up to the next step and out of the splintery jaws of death.
rather than
Castiel’s shoulder fins were clamped tight to his body, and his hand shook a little as he raised it toward the glass cylinder in Dean’s palm. He didn’t touch, though, pulling his fingers back into a tight fist instead of closing the last few inches. “Dean, this is wonderful. Really. I appreciate you finding this for me, but it’s not
people.
He can feel his heartbeat at the back of his tongue as he steps cautiously toward the
sliver of data crop up, and he was so distracted that he almost missed the low rumbling of an engine down the hill. It was a throaty purr, a rich growling sound that denoted love, and maintenance, and the good kind of age in a vehicle.
Except that Dean
His next punch sent it flying, a resounding crash vibrating the gym walls and filling the corridor as the equipment flew out of its permanent fixture in the ceiling, the one that had held it through every punch since the 1940s, and sent it careening into the wall.
He’d never done this before, never had this simple thing—been able to share this kind of experience with friends, with people he cared about.
Even as angry as he was, Dean shook his head. “No, Bobby. It’s okay. I know you need him. There aren’t many guys around here as good with the electrical stuff as he is.”
Castiel sucked in a sharp, audible breath. “You—”
“No idea where we are,” Dean said, “but it's stinky and—”
Castiel took it all in bit by bit, his eyes even brighter than the pool they reflected. The wind tousled his hair gently, and Dean took a moment to selfishly drink in how fucking
Benny and Castiel had some opposing views on certain things, which certainly made for interestingly passionate conversation around the campfire at night. Regardless, it made Dean’s heart swell in his chest to see Castiel here,
“What are you going to do?” Dean asked, strangely conflicted.
“I do.”
One really, really perfect date.
Rather than head shakily straight across to the white door, Dean made his way over to the egg next to his own, carefully avoiding the vomity-sludge pool on the floor.
So, as the old junker that he was working on slowly became something resembling a vehicle again, Dean’s thoughts wandered.
Dean can’t swallow, he can barely breathe.
Castiel nodded, reaching over Dean gently to the spot in question. “Some of the drugs will do that. You’ve got massive amounts of painkillers and cell-regeneration meds running through you right now.”
“Vitamin E oil and arnica cream,” Castiel said in explanation, holding up each bottle. “Is that alright? You don’t have any allergies or anything?”
“So,” Dean said, angling himself to face Castiel as he unwrapped his sliced beef and provolone sandwich, “what’s the deal?”
“Okay,” Dean said, once he’d taken a moment to unclench.
Main Street in Bellbird Valley turned out to be adorable, like something from a brochure about small-town American values. Looking around, Castiel felt the disasters of the last hour slipping away from him.
Groaning, Castiel reached for the tequila bottle—the glass having been lost somewhere around the time the first hive collapsed in the movie—and took a fortifying gulp before he picked up the unknown number.
Dean’s kitchen turned out to be small, but neat. It had an impressively professional-looking gas stove, and cabinets made of dark, oiled wood. The refrigerator, a hulking steel beast, held little more than leftovers, burger patties, cheese, and half of an apple pie. It wasn’t the most balanced of diets, but Castiel smiled anyway, pulling two bottles of Margiekugels from the door. It only took a minute of rooting around in cabinets to find a bottle opener before he looked back to the fridge and realized that there was a magnetic one attached to the door.
Apologies that I'm posting this chapter about twelve hours later than I usually would. I worked a sixteen-hour day yesterday, came home, and then pretty much passed out face down. Whoops! I haven't managed to clear last week's comments for the same reason. This week is one of the two worst weeks in the whole year for my day job, and it is absolutely kicking my butt.
Sam held up both hands, backing away, and left Dean to it.
But the local barista was amazing eye candy, regardless.
“This might take a few minutes,” Dean said, screwing his grin back on firmly. “All those rippling muscles of yours ain’t exactly light.”
More coming in just a few days, as always.
“Yes, Sir.” Dean pressed the words into the patch of dark, dark hair that surrounded the base of Castiel’s cock. He could feel his Dom’s erection growing against his cheek, twitch by twitch as it filled and rose, the smooth skin soft against Dean’s own.
“Hey, Ed,” Dean said, moving into the kitchen and seeing Ed Zeddmore, who he’d met a few times since the party at Sigma Chi, sitting at the island.
Enjoy, folks.
Picking up a napkin so he had something to do with his hands, Dean ran his thumb back and forth over the tiny, red
It would have been much more convenient—and a lot cheaper—if they’d stopped at a motel closer to White Pine County, rather than pushing over the border into Utah and heading east toward Salt Lake City. But Utah was closer to home than Nevada, and this motel was the only one they’d been able to find that had a room available with a bathtub. So here they were, an hour after dawn, in a room that was fairly luxurious compared to their usual spots.
Castiel’s eyes darkened a little further, becoming a deeper ocean. “Yes…if you can take me.”
“That’d be telling,” Dean said cheekily. “Also, I can’t remember. I think I downloaded this movie when I was drunk and I never got around to watching it.”
crowding a small table under a low window.
There was a small tap, and his phone screen went blank.
Dean took a moment to observe. Castiel was wearing the same stretchy gray pants that Dean remembered from his impromptu hospital visit and a tight black t-shirt of some kind that hugged the muscles of his back as he moved, reaching across the kitchen counter to pull clean utensils out of the wooden holder that Dean had stuck them in when he’d cleaned up.
Eileen, walking demurely behind her overexcited puppy of a fiance, raised her hand in a wave once she’d placed the second bag next to Sam.
Castiel gave out a soft huff that could have been frustration or laughter, but he turned his gaze back to Dean as Connie fell into step beside Baby. “You look very well today, Dean. Is that better?”
Dean nodded, understanding. “Yeah, ‘course. And I’m done with classes but I really want to get a bunch of studying done this weekend before finals start on Monday. Try and cram as much into my brain as I can and just hope it doesn’t fall out.”
Castiel didn’t say anything in reply. Dean hated when Castiel went silent, in that special way he had—not the silence of quietness, but the heavy stillness of a gathering storm. Tension shivered through Castiel’s muscles for a very long minute, but then Dean felt his shoulder slump beneath his hand.
“Oh, yeah,” Adam said, dunking the hush puppy into a disgusting amount of ketchup before bringing it up to his lips. After sucking the ketchup off, he redunked it. “What’s the deal with the arm thing, Cas? Why’s he so angry?”
Amara was dangerously still.
Eileen wrinkled her nose and put down her chopsticks to sign along as she said, “You’re assuming that I cook. Ever. That’s Sam’s job.”
Castiel stilled, watching him nervously.
“Charlie,” Dean chastised, unfolding his arms in defeat.
When Dean looked away, Castiel shuffled his barefoot forward so that he could press it into Dean’s thigh, nudging him to look back up over his shoulder again. Castiel’s voice, when he spoke, came out softer but fiercer than he expected. “You’re not broken, Dean. Just different than you were. Sometimes things change and you just…don’t come out of them the same. But you’re not
Castiel pounded his way toward climax, never slowing, punching sharp “Ahhh!” sounds from Dean with each thrust.
On this particular chilly, blowy Saturday, Castiel was late. That didn’t feel like normal Castiel behavior at all, to Dean. Other than the dark day when Castiel’s fugly gold car had its suspension problem and Dean had turned it into unnecessary, angry drama, he’d never once been late to class—either at school, or for their private time. He’d arrived looking stressed and harangued at least eight times out of ten, but never late.
Castiel picked at his beer label as he admitted, “At one point, I thought it was.”
Once he was done, Dean shoved his phone into his jeans. Castiel took a few more moments, his thumbs flying over his phone as he answered whatever it was that his older brother was asking. After another minute he smiled and tucked his phone into the chest pocket of Dean’s cozy shirt.
It had taken him the better part of the weekend to work out how to approach Castiel about the scales.
He only wished that he could know the man himself better—from his letters, Dean found that he could detect the occasional flash of dry wit that delighted him, and while Castiel never strayed far from topic, Dean could already tell that he was a deeply passionate man about the things he held in regard. While a steward could hardly be called a servant, ranking far above any other person in the Winchester household, Dean struggled to know how to connect with a man who was in his employ, despite wanting to. His father, after all, had called his steward a friend for many years. Was it such a bad thing to hope for the same?
“Okay,” Dean signed, thoughtful, before taking a sip of his Coke.
For a moment there was silence, heavy and strange. It held, and Dean’s arm was trapped awkwardly beneath Castiel’s spine as they both lay, frozen, not looking at the other.
And that's all she wrote for this week, folks!
and crossed his arms; it was a childish response, but really, what other option did he have? They all had his number already.
that it was okay.
“It turns out,” Castiel said, picking up Dean’s coffee alongside his own to take back to the inn, “there’s a lot of things I like about it.”
The house was full of creaks and squeaks, wood grinding against wood, shutters groaning in the light breeze outside, and his own echoing footsteps. But there was something
“Cas,” he said, his voice suddenly tuneless and weak. “You came back.”
“We supposed to sweep in a specific direction?” Dean asked.
The amulet that they’d come for was wrapped within the chalky bandages that were holding her together, a larger replica of it on display next to her head, for easy viewing. The bits of the chain that stood out between the gray of her remains were tarnished black, and Dean was secretly afraid that it might be too deteriorated to be any good to them.
“But you just said I was fine, surely I—”
“Perhaps he matters to you far more than he should, Castiel,” Michael bit back viciously. “If you had truly—”
Thank you for reading!
“Did you, now?” she said, soft and calm and…well, yeah, creepy. Dean didn’t like the sound of that, at all.
They spoke for a few more minutes, briefly discussing their favorite storylines and dramatic exits from the show, before Castiel had to go because he’d promised to call his brother.
“I’m glad that you liked it,” Castiel said quietly into the comfortable near-silence, the intimate hush of the room broken only by the last-ditch efforts of the sunny storm pattering on the window glass. He rolled onto his back, and Dean noticed that his cock was tucked away again, the slit where it had emerged not even visible amongst the scales. Turning his head back toward Dean, Castiel added, “I’m glad that even though we’re different, we can still have this.”
But this time, after, there was only silence. They hadn’t unleashed; they’d bound.
It was a brief, soft kiss, but as Castiel pulled back—red and agape—to check for Dean’s reaction, Dean slid his hand further around Castiel’s jaw and tugged him gently back in for more.
The first press of Castiel’s cock into him—once Dean had wiped his fingers on the bedding and held onto Castiel’s muscled biceps like a lifeline—made Dean cry out, a shaky drip of precum oozing from his slit, a shiver running through his muscles.
He did his best to mimic the strange shoulder sign that he’d just seen Gabriel use.
Okay, so Dean probably should have told Castiel about the spell then, but he was still dead set on
“Maybe I should,” Castiel said reluctantly, untangling himself slowly from where Dean’s arms had snaked around him in the quiet, breakfast calm.
“On, off, on, off,” MEG grumbled. “Like a battery powered sex aid.”
Dean parted his lips to explain, but the merman dropped his gaze to the floor and began examining the circle closely.
Sam said that it wasn’t fair, that it wasn’t the workers’ fault that they were here. Most of them were no better than slaves. They didn’t make a choice to be here—either they were brought here against their will, or life somehow made the choice for them.
His body stuttered as he came untouched all over the couch.
Dean frowned grumpily down at his feet, dangling from the top bunk. He wanted to yell at Castiel, but hell, there wasn’t much to yell about. Dean wasn’t stupid, but “entirely failed” was pretty much how he felt about his life in general. All he’d managed to do was raise Sammy long enough to get him to college.
The Nest spread out before them, and Dean couldn’t help but wander up the rail that ran around the edge of the level they disembarked onto. He rested one hand on the barrier, the steel cool against his palm, and just took it in. It was oddly enchanting, the soft glow of thousands of stasis pods; warm eggs of light that surrounded towers of life-giving machinery. Each row was on a balcony just like the one he stood upon, giving each high-rise the look of a fully-lit skyscraper in the otherwise dark space. When he’d first regained consciousness after being ejected from his own egg, naked in a puddle of slime and very confused—
“Agreed,” Dean said, grinning warmly. Taking Castiel’s lead, he loosened the buttons around the wrists of his salmon pink shirt and began to roll the heavy cotton back to his elbows neatly.
Balthazar blinked, the motion of his wine glass stopping suddenly and causing the wine to
“Okay, okay,” Dean said with a sigh, tucking his cell phone under his other ear. “Disinfect her and drop her off. I’ll keep her with me for a couple of hours.”
Dean put the shell aside and was about to ask Castiel if he wanted to go for a sunset swim when the buzzing and chirping of his cell phone in his jeans’ pocket sounded.
“When Cain took on the Mark, and indeed, when Dean took it on also, they both had something that Castiel does not,” Michael replied. He at least had the good grace not to sound smug or angry, Dean realized. Instead, he simply sounded sad, and perhaps…afraid?
“Clarence! Your walking ham is a MENACE!”
“Hey,” Dean murmured in between kisses, letting his hands roam down Castiel’s sides, feeling the gills between his ribs heave slowly. “This is kinda embarrassing, but…I don’t really know how you
“Irrelevant.” Bobby’s jaw tightened. “Would you be dismissing it like this if it had happened to anyone else? It could easily have been Jo, Dean. She could’ve hit that ~~ puddle and brained herself on the concrete just as easy as you, and then she’d be the one sitting here in the ER with a bag of expired frozen smoothie mix on her skull. You’d be okay with that, would you?”
Dean could feel the tension in the back of his neck. He rolled his shoulders, trying to relax, but it was fruitless. This entire damn day was a shit show.
Pressing his lips to the soft, lightly stubbled skin of Castiel’s jaw, Dean shushed him gently. He didn’t speed up, didn’t let go of Castiel’s hip, didn’t change a thing. He just continued to hold Castiel close and carried on, worshiping his mouth as he pulled him steadily closer to completion.
“No,” Gabriel said, before pointing to Dean. “But I will give him a clue. I’ve walked on the land many times, hidden among men. I’ve heard things, rumors.”
“Alright,” Dean said, walking over to him. “I’ll play along. Two hours after sunset, we’ll go down to the beach. Happy?”
Above the fireplace, there hung a truly impressive portrait. At least five-feet tall and three wide, the painting was gilt-framed and heavy looking. An elderly woman, white-haired and primly dressed, lorded herself over the entire room—or indeed, over the whole house, it felt like. The painting was one of those whose eyes followed you as you moved, and Castiel would admit to being the slightest bit creeped out by it at first. But then, the more he looked at it, he changed his mind. The woman’s small, rouged lips curled up just a fraction, and a twinkle in her blue eyes that the artist had managed to catch magnificently gave her a warm, overall mischievous look.
Closing the door behind them, Dean was assailed with the smell of drying cinnamon branches hanging in the entryway and a slowly warming stew from the kitchen to the left. Castiel’s generous salary gave him enough, Dean knew, for a local girl to come in as a maid of all work thrice a week. She cleaned and laundered and cooked, and today must have been one of her days to visit—but she was gone, it seemed, as there was no response to Castiel’s call as they entered.
Coffee, coffee, coffee.
Pro of waking up in the top bunk: it was dark, the glow from the computer screen that dominated the other wall of the dormitory mostly illuminating the lower bunk and leaving Dean in his little claustrophobic—but dim—cave above. Con of waking up in the top bunk: he was in the top bunk and he had to get down somehow. Initially, Dean wasn’t quite sure what had woken him up. He hadn’t had a hangover this severe since he’d gotten into Uncle Bobby’s homemade gin stores as a fifteen-year-old, and Dean was usually an
Sam’s eyebrow wandered slowly up his sizable forehead. “Really?”
“If I could have everyone’s attention, please!” Dean called out cheerfully, clapping his hands.
At Castiel’s suggestive tone, Dean let out a breathy,
“Don’t you ever get frustrated?” Dean asked, grasping at straws to keep their conversation away from Castiel. “When you have to communicate with hearing people, I mean.”
“I wanna spend the night,” he said breathlessly.
, together. It hadn’t been a fairy tale; but no matter how many times they disagreed, Dean communicated, and Castiel stayed. And it was just that simple. Day-to-day, Castiel felt almost comically happy.
for other social media.
If you enjoyed the beautiful creations in this chapter, would you be kind enough to
But then he flicked his thumb across the screen and unlocked it, bringing up his text message thread with Castiel. With a bit of squinting and some help from autocorrect, Dean managed to type out what he hoped was a coherent message.
There were steps up from the side entrance that Dean had used, rickety metal ones that led into what appeared to be a maintenance shack behind the legal, human brothel. If Dean could just get up the stairs, keep one foot moving in front of the other—
Castiel's best friend Meg was the tough-love variety. Luckily, she was also the delivering-ice cream variety, and right now Castiel's focus was entirely dairy-based.
While they were just having a simple, romantic date, Dean didn’t see the harm in dressing up enticingly for Castiel, especially as he hoped this first date would end on a high note. Wrangling himself out of his clothes in the miniscule bathroom like a contortionist, (elegant, it was not,) he pulled on a dark gray, silky button up to complement his charcoal slacks, and took a minute deciding whether or not to roll the sleeves up. In the end, he did, tucking the cuffs back behind his elbows to bare his forearms. He quickly brushed his teeth and sprayed on a little of his favorite cologne, before checking his hair in the mirror.
All they had was each other, he reasoned. They should at least be friends. Though if he’d still think that about the grumpy medic when he was sober, well, that was another question. The guy may be
“Want something?” Dean teased.
The crack in the curtains showed Dean that it was still dark out, far too early to wake on a Sunday. So, smiling down into Castiel’s crown, Dean snuggled him closer and drifted back to sleep, lulled by warm arms and citrusy shampoo.
with the pig.
For a moment they looked at each other, predator to prey, but then Dean stepped away to the next door and she tore off up the corridor without a second glance. Not one of the creatures had attacked him.
That drew a small smile from Castiel, but he still squinted, waiting for Dean to continue.
Well, that was most of what Dean needed in life. His other ‘needs’ weren’t really congruent with lemon-yellow porches and fondue parties, in his experience. (At least not here. In some other towns Dean had been to, you never knew what went on behind those twitching curtains. But Sam would pick the dull one, wouldn’t he?) So, to get those kinds of needs met, Dean had to drive an hour to Little Rock every other weekend.
“Afraid?” Dean asked, his stomach slowly turning to stone.
Sam’s eyebrows raised slowly. “Okay...guess I’m driving.”
The hot water at the cabin left something to be desired, but the new showerhead Dean had put in back at the beginning of the summer at least gave him a shoddy approximation of the bunker’s excellent water pressure. Secretly, Dean daydreamed about extending the cabin, building a real house here—but when would he have time? The couple of days he was here, he just wanted to spend with Castiel. And he needed to be there for Sammy, the rest of the time.
“Really? Burgers are my favorite food. I don’t make them myself though, I’m a terrible cook. I’m not even sure I’d know how to.”
When he’d first arrived in Charming Acres a month ago, Castiel had thought that the diner was a relic. But now he knew that most of it was a careful, caringly selected reconstruction, pure nostalgia in brick and mortar form. The people, too—they weren’t playing old-fashioned for fun, in this town. It was just the way they were, their morals, their likes, their habits.
Waking up on Thursday with Castiel’s body pressed against his, Dean took a moment to be grateful for Jo, who’d invited Sam out for drinks the night before. No one who drank with Jo was ever out of bed before lunch, so Sam was unlikely to make any annoying comments about earplugs.
Thanks as always to all my trashcan girls for their endless support, and to EllenOfOz and captainhaterade for beta help.
Castiel’s smile was brilliant white against his tan skin, full and unexpected. “Of course, Dean,” he said, not bothering in the least to hide the pride in his expression.
Dean’s back arched away from the bench, curling up in a pose he rarely encountered outside of the gym (which he avoided whenever he could). He moaned into Castiel’s mouth, greedy for the taste of him, and the low ache of the stretch only added to the feeling of contentment building in Dean’s body.
Waiting, Dean pulled Baby gently to a halt at the top of the hill. Well trained and even tempered, Connie paused alongside.
“I want to,” Dean said simply. “Do you want me to?”
“I’m sure you will,” Castiel agreed quietly. “And probably your throat, too. I’d get you a popsicle or something if I was at home, but we will have to make do here, and you’ll have to promise me you’ll do whatever you need to be comfortable later.”
“Bitch,” Dean chirped merrily, looking over at Sam as he settled in his seat.
Stands for “sibling of a deaf adult.” This is also relevant for Cas in this fic.
He’d contemplated burning the brothel to the ground with them all inside but found that he couldn’t. It would be like shooting fish in a barrel. As conflicted and strange as Dean felt about it, the truth was that these beings had been through tortures and hardships that Dean couldn’t imagine at the hands of the owners—and patrons—of this foul place, and they didn’t deserve to die here.
“You did that on purpose,” he said, shaking off the fuzzy, happy feeling beginning to creep around his mind’s edges. This was so not the place for that; it was so easy for him to slip into that subby, content space with Castiel these days. It felt like where he belonged.
Claire appeared at Castiel’s elbow, bringing him the two to-go coffees that he’d asked for, sealed firmly and with change already in her palm for the ten dollars Castiel one-handedly pulled from his pocket.
“Dean!” Adam’s voice—less angry but
She shook her head, pressing a hand into the base of Castiel’s back somewhat unnecessarily as she guided him toward the buffet table that had been set up along the back wall. Music played quietly—Castiel didn’t have a clue what it was, but it was alright, he supposed—and the room was already full, packed with professors, assistants, admin staff, and even the janitorial team. Everyone wanted an eyeful of the new guy, Castiel realized. He couldn’t judge them, though…that was entirely why he was here, too. Nothing else exciting ever happened at Lebanon College.
So, here Dean is. The barn looks to be in even worse shape than it had been a decade ago, all broken boards and overgrown sides. It’s a dusty relic, but hell, it had been that when he and Bobby found it—pure luck, an abandoned spot that met their requirements, nothing more.
“Thank you, Sir,” Dean gasped out as Castiel released him, his hands returning to the meat of Dean’s ass.
“Great,” said Dean, far more confident than he felt. He gestured up the street, saying, “This way, then. It’s less than a ten-minute walk, we can leave our cars here.”
him.”
“Of course,” Gabriel answered proudly. “I’ll keep you in mind, make sure you get advanced copies.”
“This is beautiful,” he said. “But why did you bring me here? I could still teach—”
His hatred of the smell and the sandals and the hippy-ness of the place had absolutely nothing to do with an alternate 2014 and the things he’d once seen there, he told himself. Again and again.
“Any time,” Dean said. “Like…seriously. That was awesome. And if that’s you being gentle, hell, sign me up for rough, buddy. We’re going to have a very good time.”
“No.” Castiel glared. “I’m not like that. I’m just not good with
Hallelujah.
“No, no, I didn’t—well, I did, but I didn’t realize…you know what, I’m fine,” Castiel said, throwing a handful of bills down on top of the counter. “My mistake, I should—I should really go.”
“Was he…”
“I booked us a nice quiet table at the back,” Castiel said as they progressed inside. “And made sure they had your favorite bourbon, as I’m driving.”
“I wish you could,” Castiel replied. It didn’t sound like an indulgence, or even a regret—just a soft, loving wish that had Dean’s heart jumping in his chest.
Sam muttered something under his breath before saying, “Still no need to call me that.”
Dean grimaced. It looked like tequila—his eyes searched the bar for the bottle, and yup, confirmed. He didn’t do tequila, not since he was a lot younger. But still. Imminent slow death, and all that. “Thanks,” he mumbled, curling his fingers around the shot.
Castiel shrugged a shoulder, his eyes still on his hands. “I did take some classes. I just never graduated.”
There was a Christopher Moore novel that Dean was sure he’d never read; a chunk of the shelf was dedicated to it. With that many copies, Dean thought, it must be on the syllabus for an English literature class or something. He wondered if he should grab one to read while there were still—
Huge thanks also have to go to
seemed to blunt a word, so Castiel’s question hung in the air, unfinished.
“What should I do with these pretty things, hmm?” Castiel said thoughtfully, and Dean felt his fingers ghosting across the lace covering his cheeks. “Any ideas, boy?”
Dean shook his head, sitting up. “You could totally do it, a smart guy like you. It’s simple. I bet I could teach you.”
With another kiss beneath Castiel’s ear, Dean whispered, “I’m gonna take care of you, sweetheart. Gonna make it so good for you.”
“I’m sorry I’m late,” he said, the overly large trench coat arms flapping around his wrists as his hands moved.
“That’s not true,” Castiel signed before pausing to open the lecture hall door, “you like Charlie. And Ed, and Harry.”
“Did what?” Castiel asked with a shit-eating grin. He laughed softly, before using his hand at Dean’s jaw to pull him a little closer, kissing him deeply across the edge of the table.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded emphatically—then let out a sharp, uncomfortable huff of air as he retrieved the improvised ice pack from his shoulder and slid it back into place.
“Dean and I had a little chat,” Castiel began calmly. “And we’ve decided that our time is better spent focusing on getting the ship functional than at sniping at each other.”
Too soon, the heated kiss was over. Remembering Castiel’s instructions, Dean went straight to removing his jeans. Castiel responded with an approving nod and sat down on the empty chair at the table to remove his leather boots. Dean’s footwear joined Castiel’s under the table, and Dean displayed himself before Castiel for a moment, quivering under his gaze.
The elevator gave a soft jolt as it stopped moving upwards, hitting a point in its journey where it needed to take them sideways instead. They both swayed just a fraction, but didn’t mention it, back to staring at the white walls.
“Wow, Dean. You’re going for the throat. Are you sure I can’t interest you in my favorite food, instead?”
Dean regarded the shot thoughtfully, before nodding and tipping it back. He coughed once and wrinkled his nose before lowering the glass to the bar top. “I guess that makes two of us,” he said, leaning over to nudge Castiel with his shoulder. “You know I don’t have a clue what I’m doing either, right? We’re in this together. We’re fucked, sure, but we’re not alone.”
“No, you did your stupid Dom brow thing at me until I felt compelled to pick everything up off the floor, then you flicked the vacuum around for five minutes. Now, stop dodging me.”
Happy Tuesday, folks!
“Yes. I enjoy it, and—” Castiel leaned in, dragging his lips teasingly up Dean’s stubbled jaw to his ear. “—don’t tell me you haven’t wondered at least a little how well I can take that dildo you rescued, Dean.”
“I know that our—our physical forms are different, and I can’t change in the way that I used—" Castiel began, soft and quiet.
“Assbutt,” Castiel grumbled, before seeing the
sneakery, leaves me stuck with it and out of pocket.”
The pig let out a low, sleepy rumble.
We’re good, yes.
Dean kissed him, soft and sweet, before grinning against his lips. “Just go slow when you put that in me, okay?”
“It’s going to rain,” Castiel said, breaking the long moment of tense quiet. “It’ll be cold. You should…”
I could use a little help honestly
Plus, he’d really missed Cas.
Castiel’s mouth opened and closed without forming any words before he let out what looked like a little laugh and a nod. Dean spotted the beginnings of a red tinge behind his ears. That had to be a good sign—right?
Leaving footprints in the dust, Dean steps into the eerily familiar room. The bench along the wall still has a few abandoned candles and charms on it, all knocked over and jumbled about. Something crunches beneath Dean’s foot, and he looks down. Slowly crouching, he tilts his foot to the side and pulls the spent buckshot from between the treads of his boot.
him if they didn’t talk until Monday...but he’d definitely have missed him if they didn’t.
“Dean,” Castiel interrupted incredulously. “I’m pretty sure they knew when you
“Skyclad,” the magic types always called it. Sam went on about connections to nature, but Dean was pretty sure they were just angling for a good ol’ fashioned orgy, back in the middle ages when the spell was written. Who wouldn’t have been, what with all those threats of burning at the stake hanging overhead? Get it while the getting’s good, Dean always thought.
And there was no one else left to be sending Dean letters.
The crack of Chuck’s fist hitting Dean in turn wasn’t wholly unexpected, if Dean was honest. He flew back across the floor, socked straight out flat by the power of the hit—it really wasn’t fair, Dean thought, this whole fighting God thing.
“My name is Hannah,” the woman interrupted politely. “I’m here to take Castiel’s place.”
A tense minute passed before Dean spotted an area of the Nest that looked different. The Nest contained three million small individual stasis pods, and their egg-like shapes showed up even on the holo-table. The area required to house them all was massive and took up the entire back half of the mega-ship. The
He still, Dean supposed, was Lord Castiel. Even if he went by Mr. Shurley, these days. Dean wondered if he’d still be able to call him Cas, now.
Castiel smiled knowingly at him but didn’t say anything else as the lights dropped.
Grumbling, Dean shuffled across the door to the lockers and began to rifle through. They were going to have to make some kind of plan to access their personal belongings down on the storage deck, Dean decided. The scraps left behind by the previous dorm inhabitants were ill-fitting and awful. But even so, Dean thanked his lucky stars that they were at least clean. He nabbed a pair of jeans that were a little loose around the ass—they’d fit Castiel better, he decided, rifling around for a shirt.
and quickly grabbing a towel from the front of the stove. “Isn’t it a bit late in the day for this shit?”
“Ooh, the cotton candy is so
No matter what ill times befell a man, Dean thought, he should never be parted from his beloved steed.
“Fatback!” Dean said, rolling his head to the side away from Castiel, to look at Fatback while he chowed down happily a few feet away. “I thought we were friends, dude!”
For a moment everything was silent.
All thoughts of confectionary competitiveness fled Dean’s mind when Castiel leaned back in his seat and pulled a folded piece of paper from the interior pocket of his jacket, along with one of the many fine ink pens that usually graced his desk.
“Funny,” Dean said flatly, briefly reconsidering his decision to stay at Charlie’s place rather than go to Bobby and Jo’s. Charlie’s was closer to school, though, unfortunately.
Chest to chest, Castiel slid his arms around Dean’s back, wrapping them beneath the shirt for a moment.
“Cas! That was quick.”
Splashes of his own warmth spurted across Dean’s stomach and ribs, and the hot, liquid sensation deep within his ass carried on…and on. Finally, his arm shaking against Dean’s shoulder, Castiel slowly pulled out, his sinuous cock slithering wetly over Dean’s prostate with one last
“Bullshit, Clarence. You’re worth ten of him.”
Dean’s heart was thundering in his chest. He wondered if Castiel could feel it, could hear all the things Dean hadn’t said—had never thought he could say—in it’s erratic thumping.
One was pale skinned, slim and dark haired.
Castiel was quiet, unsure, but he nodded.
Thoughts swirling rapidly, Dean didn’t know what he should do, what Castiel would be okay with.
“Sammy!” Dean called out, his eyes on the road.
“Get on with it, whatever it is you want,” he said. His voice sounded like the crash of tumultuous tides against a cliffside, deep and rattling with gravel. Dean thought he could listen to that voice for hours.
“Joanna Beth Harvelle!”
“And I can’t like more than one thing?”
He shouldn’t have let Cas go.
Dean’s thoughts were whirling but he needed to say something. The creature had spoken, had told him to turn on the light—so he obviously spoke English. That helped, Dean decided. He should explain why he was here.
And…Dean was flatlining again. Possibly for real this time—he clutched at his own chest, just checking.
Sam cleared his throat awkwardly, and they all shuffled into the room and closed the door behind them. It was a bright, clear space, the floor lined with reed mats and the windows adorned with dangling crystals and chimes.
“Miss Masters laid the fireplace upstairs, I’m sure,” Castiel said with a knowing smile. “The wisest course of action, surely, would be for us to dry off our clothes in front of it.”
“Go ahead, sweetheart,” Dean murmured, before sinking back down and sucking him in deep.
Castiel nodded.
all wrong, but he was also chuckling softly in a way that kinda broke every fragile hope that had been constructing a home in Dean’s heart.
Dean practically fell off his rock, slithering down into the water with an inelegant splash. He stood on the sandy bottom, wide-eyed, as he looked out beyond the cove’s small sand bar.
Deaf culture can be quite
After waving to Eileen with a grin, Dean turned his attention back to Sam. “Yup, all ready to go. Benny woke up early to help me out, so we’re all set.”
“Ready to go?” he asked.
Michael’s skeptical look held as he voiced every fear Dean had for Castiel since the moment he’d dropped to the floor, screaming, at The Lucky Elephant Casino. “You can control it
The destination that Dean had in mind was only a couple more minutes ahead. A carved marble and brick sign soon greeted them: Reinisch Rose Gardens.
“And in case you’ve forgotten, we
“No, no boyfriend stories,” Castiel signed slowly, the movements of his hands small. “Not yet, at least.”
Everything was very…flat. Like, really, really flat. Fields of things Castiel couldn’t identify—Was that corn? Or wheat?—stretched out as far as the eye could see, dotted by rickety, rusted windmills and meandering fences that were clearly erected long before land planning was a thing. There was the occasional barn, and every now and again a field of horses or cows. But, in general, Castiel was just surprised that he didn’t see any tumbleweeds rolling past—
Dean settled back into place, wrapping his legs around Castiel’s scaled bulk and pulling him closer. Castiel’s cock twitched unlike anything human could—a deliberate, waving motion, its oozing tip curling through the air. Castiel’s eyes were already back on his like magnets as Dean asked, “Can I?”
Dean’s brain said, before supplying him with a deafening dial tone.
P.S. You can find me
Sam nodded as he moved through the door. “Yeah, I know. No one deserves that.”
Which he
- Mal <3
The sun dipped on down, changing the fingers of light that caressed the water to deep orange and red. The ocean darkened, going deep navy-black as they watched.
Still looking baffled, Castiel took the drink. “Sure. Love this stuff.”
Dean’s mouth fell slightly open on a breath, hopeful, and he was rewarded by the gentle dip of Castiel’s thumb within, just resting on his tongue. He tilted his head, wrapping his lips around the tiny offering and sucking on it gently, feeling the ridges of Castiel’s fingerprint trailing softly across his taste buds.
“Not a problem, Dean. Now, where were we at with the invoice numbers?”
It was several more hours of setting up camp and listening to his superiors’ attempts to motivate the troops before Dean could steal away for a few moments and pick up his quill.
Dean pulled up to the bunker and eased Baby down into the garage. Castiel exited the car before Dean could even think to ask one more time if he was okay—he grabbed an armload of the shopping bags and headed straight to the door that led on into the rest of the bunker. Before he stepped through, though, he did pause.
Dean turned them down a long, winding driveway moments later, pulling Baby to a stop in front of an isolated, quiet house.
She followed with a string of exclamation points, heart-eyes, and smirky-faced emojis. Dean rolled his eyes before firing back a quick response.
P.S. As always, if you want updates when I post, please do
Was he enjoying it, too?
Amara slowly pushed herself up out of her yoga-ish, crossed-legged pose—which Dean thought didn’t look comfortable in the slightest—and rolled her shoulders, turning to look at them. She eyed each of them in turn before her eyes settled on Dean, a tiny smirk pulling at her mouth.
Castiel gave him a half-hearted glare, but it melted away as Dean reached across to give him a welcome kiss, his lips lingering just because they could. He couldn’t resist getting his fingers on Castiel’s tie, either, flipping it over before using it to gently pull him in for another kiss.
Dean’s stomach dropped as he turned over the pages. The only thing he recognized was the unexplained algebraic equation that had taunted him from the whiteboard for the whole of the previous class, leering down at him mockingly while he’d glared a hole in Adler’s back.
Dean couldn’t hear Castiel’s noises but he could still swallow them, greedily cherishing the buzzing of Castiel’s vocal cords as they announced his enjoyment through his skin.
Ash strolled over with Dean’s drink and to talk for a few minutes. The speakers in the bar were well placed, the loudest music area over the dance floor, fading quieter by the time you stood at the bar to socialize.
Dean’s body, a rippling sensation travelling from the low, fleshy part of his ass right up to the top.
One step at a time, ok. I’m gonna see if he wants to grab some food. I’ll text you later
Dean dragged his eyes away from Sam, squeezing them shut.
Giving a little shrug, Dean decided that everyone was allowed the odd rough morning and raised the cup to his lips, taking a tiny, steaming sip.
“That’s my girl,” Dean said with a wink, picking up an egg roll and pointing at her with it. “Make him work for it.”
he’d been holding before someone trampled on that, too.
By the cocky grin on his face, Dean was well aware that he would.
He’d thought that the scales were beautiful before, in the dim light of the concrete brothel room, but now he realized that they’d been dulled by the murky water and miserable atmosphere. Here, with clean water and bright lights, the scales were
It turned out that the driving was fine, if slow, but the stopping was definitely jerkier than expected. Hoping that no one saw him knock over the trash can outside Singer’s Hardware store, Castiel shoved the stray chip packets and soda cans back inside it quickly before he dashed toward the door.
Easing his feet onto the floor, Dean wiggled his socked toes. Castiel already had him up testing his walking a couple of hours before, so he knew he felt perfectly normal, but hell, there was nothing like almost electrocuting yourself to death to make you grateful for your extremities.
Dean buried his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck as Cas’s orgasm rolled through him, and he could feel Dean’s lips mumbling words he couldn’t make out against his overheated skin.
“Sure. I’ll drip some WD-40 into the engine and I’m sure we’ll be right back on course.”
“Manipulate the map with your special hand wavy magic,” Dean explained.
Castiel was quiet, so when Dean finished his first careful cut all around the bottle, removing the neck of it, he looked up, to find his eyebrow raised skeptically.
It made him feel sexy, and all the eyes that inevitably landed on him made him feel desired.
Where had that come from?
But this place…this place smelled
And there it was, in all its endless, incomprehensible glory. The distant galaxies that glowed amidst the eternal ebony background were beautiful, but Dean couldn’t name them with a naked eye; they were different to those he saw from Earth with the telescope he’d mounted atop Bobby’s old barn, that much he knew. Where were they now?
A lot of the comments last week all seemed to agree on one thing: the party is definitely a date, but do THEY know it's a date?
, and
Gazing out, Dean let out a slow breath.
It was a kind of perfection. Fucked up perfection, the kind Dean wouldn’t ever tell anyone about if they didn’t already understand…but his perfection.
The brown-haired, smug-faced asshole just
“The vibe?”
Cutting off his apology with one raised hand, Dean gave him a little smile. “Give me just a minute, okay?” he said, pushing up from the table.
This week has been very busy for me, and I've been a lot less active on social media (partly) because of that. I'm a little overwhelmed in life and I'm having to decide what to keep and what I need to let go of, and as a very Type-A "I can do it all!" sort of person, I find that really hard to do. A flaw of mine, for sure! I hope you've all been doing much better at taking care of yourselves than I have. Maybe this week in the comments, you can all let me know one thing you did this week that you consider to be self-care. And if you didn't do anything...promise me something you will do this upcoming week! Even just a little thing. It's important, folks!
Dean sang.
Dean hums as he nods slowly, only able to look at the mock-Italian label on the cardboard. “Couldn’t, really.”
they were doing to him. It wasn’t about protecting his body, it was about protecting his heart.
Castiel hunched over the steering wheel a little as he tried to see past the boat-like rear end of a huge, black classic car in the parking lot behind Harrington’s. It was a fantastic car—Castiel was no mechanical expert, but he had eyes. It was lovely. He wondered briefly if it belonged to the owner, or perhaps the pretty barista.
-ing sound as Castiel nodded against it. “It’s wonderful. It helps,” he clarified.
“Flatterer,” Castiel said, cutting off any response from Dean by shoving his thumb back into Dean’s mouth, pushing his jaw wide. “Hurry up,” he commanded. “I want you—watching you submit so beautifully for me has me on edge already.”
Dean’s mouth clacks shut.
“I’m not saying I want to be in the audience, God no. But unlike you, I’m not allergic to details.”
“It—uh—fell,” Castiel said, dumbly.
Dean groaned, flopping his head forward. Clear as day, the image of Castiel’s phone lighting up the red, checked fabric of his own plaid shirt came right back to him, the screen flashing persistently with Michael’s eager messages outside Vista Diner.
“Replaced it with an already reconditioned one Bobby found at his parts lot. And that’s not all, either.”
easy on the eyes, but he was as much of an ass as Dean was, it seemed.
I hope you've all been doing well, readers. We have a new president here in America since I last posted; time is such a funny thing sometimes. The world is very different from how it was when I began posting this story. I'll be sad when it's over!
“Come on, Cas,” Dean coaxed, moistening his lips. “Let me see you come.”
Castiel froze. “What? What do you mean, you found me a job?”
“Shuddup,” Dean muttered down to his rice.
sigh.
Dean eyed the door, looking for the best spot, before resting his shoulder against it and pushing as firmly as he could. It was sturdy steel, and it only moved back on its hinges the tiniest fraction—not enough. Dean grit his teeth and pushed again, harder, bracing his feet against the floor. Holding his plastic square between his forefinger and thumb, Dean tried to ease it into the minute gap between the door frame and the edge of the door…but it wouldn’t quite fit. Dean braced himself again, about to start ramming the door with his shoulder, when the door shifted just the final fraction of a millimeter that he needed, and the card popped into the gap. Looking over his shoulder, Dean saw Castiel behind him on the other side of the door, pushing in unison.
Thanks to
“Shut up and switch the damn sign to closed. And I’ll have you know, we are having a perfectly sweet, romantic date.”
This was all very beyond the norm; if Castiel was like plenty of other Doms, he’d likely have left already. This man was being anything
“Oof,” said Sam.
comfortable,” Castiel lied, mildly offended. He was a little overdressed for the country maybe, but this was his favorite suit!
Maybe Bellbird Valley wouldn’t be so terrible after all.
There was a parting in the scales that Dean was entirely certain had
Dean had stripped to the waist, Castiel discovered, his shirt crumpled and stuffed unceremoniously through his belt at the back of his jeans. He didn’t notice Castiel come outside immediately, so Castiel couldn’t help himself but to take a moment to leer his fill.
With another weighty, hopeful look exchanged, Dean and Castiel headed for the elevator.
But...that’s it. There’s no trench coat, no sensible shoes.
And again.
With that, we'd better get on to chapter two, and expand our cast a little bit. Dean has a bit of a rough time this chapter, but as you'll come to see, some of his problems are definitely ones our stubborn boy makes for himself!
Things had been no better with Cole since the OSHA incident. His usual assholery of trying to make Dean’s job harder, refusing to communicate in ways Dean could understand, and trying to embarrass him in front of clients continued unabated. Dean had a horrible feeling that Cole was just waiting for the opportunity to do something worse.
And things were just that easy.
“Greedy mer,” Dean muttered teasingly.
“Right there with you—just teasing, sliding my hand down my stomach, slipping my fingers under the elastic of my sweatpants…”
Dean’s grin was something else. Slightly crooked, it revealed perfectly even, white teeth that just helped to highlight how stunningly symmetrical the man’s freckled face was. He had hair the color of wet midsummer sand and endearing wrinkles beginning around his eyes—he wasn’t some kid doing this job to get through college, that much was clear. He looked to be in his thirties, probably close to Castiel’s own age.
Dean gave Castiel a small smile, before leaning over to peck him on the cheek softly. It was gentle and sweet given everything their bodies had done the night before, and Castiel found himself flushing at the intimacy of it. They hadn’t exactly spoken about what they were hoping for out of this—Castiel certainly wasn’t the type to just be looking for one night of fun, and he didn’t think that at this point in his life, that was where Dean was either. But talking about it involved uncomfortable discussions about Castiel’s plans to go back to San Francisco when the inn was complete.
By the time he’d made his way down to the beach, Dean already had his shirt off. He left it with his boots and jeans, high up on the dry sand, out of the way of the chill spray that fall had brought to the edge of the cove.
Air blew across the pads of Dean’s exploring fingers as the seam parted. The egg split, the top part opening like a lid with a
Please do come join me on social media, I'd be happy to see you. I'm on
Dean took a breath, speaking clearly though he kept his voice low and sultry. “Do you like it, Cas?”
A streak of sunlight worked its way through the single pane of the bedroom window that Castiel had wiped clean before he’d gone to sleep. It had been late, and he’d spent so much of the evening scrubbing his chosen bedroom into submission that by the time it came to the outside of the windows, he’d had not a single shit left to give. So, he’d merely smudged it clean with his damp rag for a little light in the a.m. and tucked himself into bed. He’d slept fully clothed—the mattress he’d found had been wrapped in plastic, but even so, who even
He’d never claimed to be a wise man.
“God, I’m sorry—” Castiel began apologizing, stuttering awkwardly.
P.S. As always, if you want updates when I post, please do
Not that Dean was surprised. They’d been spending time together for months, of course, even if they’d made sure to have a purpose for their interactions. It felt really good now, to have any excuses thrown to the wind—to hang out with Castiel for no other reason than “I like you and you like me.”
Dean swerved easily, the shot ricocheting off into the distance as he pulled the Impala onto I-95. The road was the main thoroughfare up the east coast of the country, and it had a few cars on it already, even at such an early hour of the morning. It was wide and fast, and there was no way that the angry owner of the Mystery Spot could follow them on foot.
“Yay for you,” Castiel said humorlessly.
Dean carefully settled their coffees on the little paper tray inside the bag, then led them out onto the road and northward, using the pedestrian crossing to get them across 10th Street. Beyond, there was a large expense of trimmed green grass and huge, heavy-limbed trees that littered the sidewalk with the sludgy remains of their once-glorious fall coats.
, but I suppose that spot is already taken.”
was over him, above him, in him, and instead focus on
They lay like that for long minutes—Castiel thought that Dean had fallen asleep, his breathing regular and deep against Castiel’s bare chest. He wouldn’t have minded—he’d paid for the room overnight, anyway. But eventually, Dean stirred. He rolled slightly off Castiel, pulling back and blinking up at him.
Castiel shook his hand politely, his eyes only briefly flickering to Dean. “Nice to meet you, Sam. I’ve heard a lot about you, too. How was your flight?”
“Hello, Dean,” he said in turn, unable to help the smile that he could feel tugging his cheeks up.
“Why?” Castiel grumbled around a mouthful of rocky road that was already just the right amount of melted.
but he was curious. No, more than curious—he needed to know.
What do you think - should Dean have gone into the gym, and told Castiel his long-withheld truth, before its too late? Or was he right the first time, and this is really the wrong time for them?
Castiel’s low chuckle came out close enough to Dean that he could feel it vibrating in his chest. “Flatterer,” he said, before reaching down to open Baby’s door. He stepped back, pulling the door wide and holding it for Dean. “On the other hand, it will be wonderful to get to show you off.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said. His ugly boots thumped on the floor as he came to a stop next to Dean’s chair, solid steps that Dean could feel when he got closer. He carried a bulging briefcase, though he didn’t put it down immediately. “You think this will be the best seat for you?”
Dean folded his arms across his front, mask in one hand, causing the metal loops on the emerald leather harness to jingle quietly. Both of his eyebrows went upward. “Well, I hate to break it to you, buddy, but that’s exactly what you did.”
take care,” Castiel threw back with a shy smile. “You don’t seem like the type of person who takes time for themselves easily, but please do.”
He screwed them into a ball and left them on the desk.
“I just finished interpreting for an Agricultural Economics class in Cardwell Hall,” Castiel said, shuffling to his left. “Did you want to sit?”
“It’s good to see you,” Dean greeted them both. “Though I’m not so sure about all these other people bustling about.”
, also. What may be common in one area might not be in another. Generally, the most important people to listen to will always be your own local d/Deaf community.
“Your fucking
“Right,” Dean said quietly, feeling like a bit of a dick. “So, uh… it wasn’t your choice. You didn’t lie about being a medic.”
making decisions. So, when they all got onto the ship… I didn’t.”
Castiel couldn’t help his laughter, his cheeks aching from being pulled so wide. Dean’s grin broke through the lyrics until he couldn’t get them out anymore, and they both dissolved into hiccuping giggles.
Eileen waved across the hood of the Jeep, winking at Dean and signing, “Good luck!” before she headed off into the jungle to join her own team, who were cataloging...something. It was something to do with the trees and probably the reason she came back to camp with armloads of strangler fig samples every day. Dean paid attention to plants. Sure.
If they’d have been huggier people, Dean would have jumped off his bar stool. Generally, though, Winchesters were a little more understated with their affection, life-or-death situations notwithstanding. Instead, he reached across and squeezed Sam’s shoulder. They shared a small smile.
Dean nodded. He began to reach for her and then paused, just double checking. “It’s okay to touch you?”
“Yes, Winchester?”
“The barn, Dean,” Sam had said, soft and cautious and full of wonder. “Where you and Bobby met him that night.”
After separating Meg and Fatback once more like they were squabbling toddlers, Castiel finally got some coffee brewing. Throwing back a quick, steaming mug of it, he began to run down his checklist of last-minute items while Dean and his delightful sister-in-law Eileen went to start placing all the rented chairs on the front lawn.
spilled out into the air from the earbuds that dangled from Castiel’s neck, distant and tinny. “Sorry,” Castiel said. "I was trying to work out what’s blocking up this thing.”
Dean wondered if his heart’s thumping, hard and swift, made a sound that others could pick up on, or if it was a song only other hearts could hear.
Very rarely in his life had Dean ever entertained thoughts of augmentation, but he’d have given anything for laser eyes right then. Alright, for some unknown damn reason he was crushing on the prickly asshole he was stuck with for medic support, but did MEG have to do him dirty like that?
It lasted for a long, comfortable minute. Dean pulled in air through his nose, filling his lungs with the clean, soft, warm-laundry smell of Castiel, and cataloged every feeling; the firmness of his chest, the weight of his arms, the way his messy hair tickled at Dean’s temple.
Then Dean sucked in a gulp of air and sealed his lips, swallowing around Castiel’s head.
He should probably consult with Castiel, though, before he did much frivolous spending, and see what shape his accounts were in.
Sam blinks hard, red-rimmed. “He took out Death? How? Where? What even—”
And wasn’t that a hideous truth. Dean had been stuck in his house for two weeks already, one of the first to be packed off by his company when a dude on his sales team had developed a very concerning cough. Two weeks of awkward conference calls, depressing webinars, and Zachariah Adler’s bulging face filling Dean’s laptop screen every time he logged into Zoom. Ugh.
“Yes,” Charlie answered, her voice
“I bet you are.”
In response, Castiel reached up to his blue tie (which complimented the color of his eyes beautifully) and yanked at the knot firmly.
Castiel’s voice had been low before, but after breathing in the hot air from the fire it had reached rock bottom, deep and smoky like whiskey and gravel tumbling down stairs. The rumbling, rough rasp of his voice certainly sent Dean’s thoughts down to the basement, but
He awoke several hours later to a
, but damn it, he was getting to town somehow.
“That should work.” Dean nodded.
Take care of yourself, one and all, and be kind.
,” Castiel added, softer, but deeper.
Dean’s brain was making that noise that he always heard in medical dramas when a character conveniently flatlined in the midst of conversation. He felt a bit like that was happening to him, too.
The full moon, Dean realized once his eyes adjusted, lit up the whole cove. Even in the dim, silvery ocean, Dean could make out rocks and distant, darting fish as if he was watching an old black and white movie.
“Dean, hi,” Sam replied, talking a little loudly. He sounded echoey.
“It means,” Dean said thoughtfully, straightening up, “that this lock isn’t connected to the ships mainframe. It’s an old-fashioned type of lock with a physical key. Someone had to physically lock this from the inside once the officers were in.”
revolting.”
Castiel…unflappable, determined, amazing Castiel, had agreed to go on date with
, honestly. He didn’t want Dean to feel undesirable, or wrong, or any of the usual things he knew were wrapped up in the feeling of rejection. Castiel had been rebuffed plenty of times in his life, romantically and otherwise, and he wouldn’t wish it on anyone.
Exchanging a look with Dean, Castiel stepped up to the edge of the desk that Dean was back to leaning on, resting his towel-clad hip on the other side of it. “MEG?” he prompted, his eyes, so very blue in the white-light of the bridge, searched up toward the ceiling. “Why me? I’m not even—”
“Hey,” Dean whispered down into Castiel’s neck, allowing his lips to drag just the smallest amount across his skin. “Turn over?” he asked, wanting to see Castiel’s face, read his eyes, know what he was thinking. Taking a smaller breath and holding it, Dean pressed his lips to the warm, precious spot where Castiel’s neck met his shoulder, depositing a tiny, nervous kiss.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said, picking up the laptop and moving it over to the couch. He wasn’t at work, after all.
Castiel tilted his head as Dean lifted him from the back of the van, giving him that intense squint that always made Dean feel like he was being stripped down to his soul. “I would have thought that you would like my muscles. Aren’t they considered conventionally attractive?”
Dean leaned back into his stained plastic chair, crossing his ankles out in front of himself, putting out an air of relaxation
“What the hell…?” Castiel whispered, his eyes widening as they stepped into the first section, closest to the corridor. His eyes were resting on the center of the room, where there were four chairs.
“Good to know.”
Secretly, Dean was so, so fucking glad that Sam had found her. It eased his guilt that he’d left Sam alone in charge of the bunker...at least a little.
“Dude,” Dean whispered, looking over at Castiel with a frown. “What gives? Where’ve you been?”
What happened?!
They weren’t as thick as Dean’s fingers, maybe, but they were longer, strong and sure, and Dean wanted to memorize everything about them; those beautiful, talented hands that had given him everything.
The response to this fic and the art has been so lovely. Thank you, all of you.
“That’s it,” Dean encouraged, continuing to slowly pull at his length, softly coaxing the last drops from Castiel’s slit with his thumb.
“Yes, of course,” Castiel agreed, still speaking a little fast. “Totally agree.”
“Got it,” he murmured after a moment, easing a small area of the ship into place before them with the tips of his fingers. “You were right, above the officers sleeping quarters. It’s a very secluded part of the ship.”
“Castiel,” Dean tested out, immediately anxious that his pronunciation was going to be off.
“You’re kidding.”
for other social media.
Holy shit, Hale Library was massive.
After a moment, Sam raised his voice again, calling out something Dean couldn’t comprehend.
Something howled as they passed closed door number two.
for his number,” Bobby said, his bushy eyebrows meeting in confusion.
Dean’s breath hitched as Castiel threw his head side to side, flicking his sweat-soaked hair out of his eyes. His locks looked almost black, curling from the dampness. He was practically steaming, every muscle vibrating as he danced forward on his toes, punching harder, harder, again, again.
It wasn’t
Lovely.
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “I mean it.”
“You never stop to think things through,” Dean countered.
“That a yes?” Dean said once he had his breath back.
Dean enjoyed Castiel’s company even more than the tri-burger and pie. (And his slice of pecan pie was
He wished he could scrap the whole evening and start again.
On the floor, Dean’s phone rings, over and over, Sam’s name bouncing across the floor.
“Oh,” he said, blinking. “That easy, huh.”
“A lot of it is actually inside my body, you see. Humans have everything dangling outside, but that’s not really practical in the sea. We don’t exactly lay on beds, either, in this form—so that’s why it’s longer, uh, why it can, well, move the way it does, independent of—”
“Well, we could… We could watch something together,” Castiel suggested. From the way his arms were moving on the screen, Dean could tell that Castiel was fidgeting a little as if he was nervous.
“Pretty moon,” Dean noted. He nudged Castiel’s tail with his knee, giving him a cheesy wink. “That what you wanted me to see? Pretty romantic.”
Dean mused as he made note of a few serial numbers.
I've been working on several other things, but in between, the next chapter of this story sneaked out. This story isn't for everyone, I'm sure--there's a lot of angst before we get that happy ending, but I'm enjoying writing it.
“A double ristretto or even a coconut milk latte would be fine.”
going to be that person. He wasn’t going to solve all his problems with his fists, he wasn’t going to cause even more problems for Bobby, and he wasn’t going to give Cole the fucking satisfaction.
“More than usual?” Sam asked, digging out a green tea bag from the pantry.
And he’d also forgotten quite how
Dean dropped down into the offered space with a nod of thanks, angling himself to face Castiel and propping his backpack between his feet. “Agricultural Economics? Did I get that right? I figured
Dean took a long draw of coffee, dawdling back to the dormitory. Castiel had appeared—apparently, he’d been showering off his morning exertions, if his poofy, fresh-washed hair was anything to go by. He’d at least changed back into the slacks and shirt he’d worn the night before, and the booty-shorts were nowhere to be seen. Though, if Dean closed his eyes, he could still see them pretty dang clearly.
With that, his trench coat spun out around him and he moved off to the front of the class. Dean watched as Castiel moved up to a tanned, balding man in a suit, and began speaking. The man scowled and crossed his arms over his chest.
Dry mouth, aching back, thighs concrete-numb. Dean can’t
Sinking back into his pillows with a belly full of Kaia’s fantastically flavorful chicken noodle soup, Castiel twisted to put the tray back to the side. The blankets that he’d pulled up pooled around his stomach, and he suddenly realized that if Dean had delivered the tray, then he’d probably had an eyeful of Castiel’s shirtless, sweaty, snotty body sprawled across the pillows, gross and clammy and full of flu.
“I am exceedingly grateful for it,” Castiel said, looking up at the exterior before he moved to let them both inside. “As I am for everything you have provided. I’m certain that my life would be much less comfortable if it wasn’t for Sam’s thinking and your generosity, Dean. I owe everything to you.”
“You are worthy,” Castiel breathes out, so close.
“Yes, Castiel. Would you like to begin cool down now?”
“God damn it,” he hissed beneath his breath, dropping the pot back into the water with a soft
It had rained earlier but stopped; Dean had sped through a few deep puddles in Baby, but he’d thought that’d be the end of it. Dean turned his face up to the sky, observing the gathering dark clouds with a scowl. Come on, couldn’t he get a break today? Hopefully, if he hurried to class he’d miss the worst of the storm and wouldn’t have to spend an hour and a half sitting there soaking—
“You get whatever help you may need, Dean,” Ms. Moseley replied knowingly, a teasing twinkle in her eye. “Hand holding ~~ optional, and I’d suggest getting to know Cas first.”
Once Baby was firmly locked, Dean moved around the front of the car, smoothing out his dark gray slacks, and offered his hand out toward Castiel.
Sam was proud of him, Dean knew, for moving in with Charlie. He’d never lived with anyone that wasn’t family. Dean thought it was just convenient for school and cost less in gas. And now, Dean added to his reasoning, it was closer to Castiel’s house than his old place in Lawrence was.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel said. His voice came out all gravelly, and he cleared his throat twice before continuing. “I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings at Harrington’s, and I didn’t want to reject you.”
“It means she’s offline, Winchester.”
“Oh, shut up,” Dean grumbled, flopping forward onto the bar and burying his head in his arms. “You know what I mean.”
Using his scales to summon one of Castiel’s ancestors and getting Gabriel instead, the hints that he’d given them, researching to find the mermaid’s resting place, breaking in, getting shot at, taking the mermaid mummy with them.
Castiel nodded slowly. “I guess. I was just doing what various different people expected, what I thought I should be doing. Until I came here.”
tender if he ever met one of them. He’d never pretended to be gracious.
“No, I didn’t really think you’d react badly. Not much, anyway,” Dean confessed.
Feeling Castiel’s chuckle, Dean pulled back to look at his face, wrapping his legs around Castiel to steady them. Castiel moved from the living room but hesitated, until Dean raised a hand to point to the right door.
Dean had never realized Michael had a tick in his jaw when he was mad, not until that very moment.
“You’re booting smoothly,” Dean said, nodding as he leaned forward, sinking his hands into MEG’s ribs once more. She scowled down at his hands but let him continue. “Hardware feels right. I could open up the powerpack and do a full inspection of the wires, but I don’t think we really need to right now—unless you want me to?”
Dean reached out and squeezed Castiel’s fingers. “Me, too. It’s you and me, now, Cas. We’ll make it work.”
“Much better,” Dean said, adding an ounce of sugar to his voice. “I’m sure when she reports back she’ll have plenty of good things to say about the Hinsdale Sheriff’s Department.”
“I want you,” Dean said. He gulped, pulling in air from the inches he’d managed to put between them. “But this is sudden, and I don’t want you to think—”
“Come with me,” Earl called.
“Hey!” Castiel complained, but Claire merely shrugged and headed off into the kitchen. He returned to his morning drink, savoring every sip. The coffee was mildly sweet and warm and perfect, just the way he loved it. Claire never got it wrong.
From fear and lack of use, his fingers trembled.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Castiel!” Claire greeted him warmly, looking happy to see him—she really must have been, he decided, as she failed to use a teasing nickname. “Glad you’re feeling better, old man.” Ahh, there it was.
“Cassie, please,” Balthazar said, clearly not done trying. “We’ve known each other for so long. Let’s at least be friends.”
“I want you,” Dean said again, more firmly, pressing a hot kiss beneath Castiel’s ear. “Just as you are. But I’m
Stroking upwards across Castiel’s chest to his ribs, Dean cradled his face to kiss him once more.
“Alright. Let’s do this. One really spoiled, ugly car coming right up so you can impress your man.”
sure, Castiel was not.
Holding Dean’s gaze unflinchingly, Castiel tilted his head just a fraction, enjoying the way Dean’s eyes followed the motion. Then he leaned forward, hovering his lips right above Dean’s ear as he asked, “Are you being a brat because you want to leave, or because you think I’ll like it?”
“Didn’t need to.”
Dean let out a groan. “MEG? What time is it?”
Dean reached out to grab Castiel’s other hand, the one that hung limp and shocked next to his hip. He squeezed his fingers, rubbing his thumb across Castiel’s knuckles.
Dean rolled his eyes, causing himself to wince. Maybe it really was a good idea to get someone to check his head, just in case. Once Bobby had departed—taking Baby with him, just in case—Dean pulled the clipboard he’d been given back into his lap.
_____
“She never got to see it finished,” Dean confessed. “She was sick. We never knew—she was so healthy. Used to teach yoga and stuff. By the time there were symptoms, it just…it was so quick.”
The flush at Castiel’s cheeks only deepened, and Dean found himself feeling rather smug. He looked down at the t-shirt in his hands and then took a deep breath. He’d come too far, already, not to offer this.
He had no idea what had come over him, but he couldn’t deny how
“Everyone in my family is a big shot, you see. Doctors. Businessmen. My dad was an author and my mom was a congresswoman. I just…. I was the failure. I spent most of college smoking weed and
for other social media.
Dean started to leave, but Castiel reached out to gently touch his arm, pulling his attention back.
for this bang was a dream come true. (I promise I didn't bribe her, y'all...)
“What’s happening?” Castiel called, and Dean didn’t need any of his tells to show him how worried the angel was, how confused and concerned. It was all there in his voice, loud and clear.
“Cas,” Claire interrupted, looking terribly amused. “I wouldn’t worry about it. Hasselhoff’s a grump but I doubt he’ll make a big deal of it if you don’t bring it up again.”
Once untied, Castiel slipped his fingers beneath the hem of Dean’s shirt. They had warmed from the efforts of starting the fire, and as they pressed against Dean’s chilled skin, he couldn’t help but let out a soft, happy groan.
“Who were you texting?” Charlie asked, pointing at Dean’s phone.
briefings, thank you very much—was the ship’s Computer Intelligence Hologram, its mainframe, its head A.I. honcho.
Castiel’s breath warmed Dean’s lips as he said, “We wrote to each other for nearly a year and a half. We spoke of so many things, I feel like you know me best of anyone in the world, and I you.”
“Alright,” Dean croaked out, his mouth suddenly dry. “What difference does that make?”
“You got it!” Dean echoed, delighted, though secretly grumpy that the ‘medic’ managed it quicker than the ‘engineer’. “Alright, let’s see what we’ve got going on here…”
When MEG’s answer came, after a long, tense moment, she sounded almost sad. “In case you haven’t noticed, you are the only two people awake, in deep space. Millions of light years of absolutely nothing.”
“You built this house,” Castiel blurted out, not sure why it was such a revelation.
“Thirty-eight!” Dean cried out automatically, his voice ragged. “I’m sorry, Sir.”
“Of course,” Armstrong said, his gray curls shifting as he bobbed his head, making him look even less turned out than a moment before.
Vanilla people.
Goddammit, who cared what dildo man thought, anyway?
Dean shook his head. “No, Sir.”
“Oh?” Dean said casually, a smirk detectable in his voice even as he had his back turned to Castiel, washing his hands. “And you know how to do that, huh?”
As the two buff guys on-screen frolicked in the lake, water droplets flying everywhere erotically, Dean adjusted himself on the couch, glad that Castiel couldn’t
Tugging the button-up over his shoulders, Dean grabbed the pair of black aviator sunglasses that had been hanging inside the locker door, popping them onto his face and grinning. If the end of the world—or his world at least—wasn’t the time to dress like a douchebag, then when was?
“Cas, I’m so sorry,” he prays, daily. “I don’t care if you can’t hear me... You were right. Sometimes it’s just about being it, saying it.”
“Oink,” the pig grumbled, giving him a hefty stink-eye and carrying right on.
Reaching out further, Dean settled his right hand on Castiel’s right shoulder; familiar territory for them. The shoulder was always a safe zone for cautiously friend-level pats—
That makes him seem more like what he is, Dean has to admit.
Castiel was so close that Dean heard his tiny gulp as he swallowed a hitched breath, before pulling back to look Dean in the eyes again.
“I have a room.”
Dean could feel Castiel’s come dripping down his throat to his collarbone.
that is slowly becoming
Pressure beginning to build low in his abdomen, Dean experimented with squeezing his thighs, reaching back to encourage Castiel to go for it. He loved the feeling of Castiel thrusting at his back, the smooth head of his cock smacking rhythmically against Dean’s perineum with just the right kind of pressure to add a little something to the twist of Dean’s hand over his shaft.
“True,” Castiel had to admit, smiling despite himself. He was about to ask Meg how her day had gone, but by the time he’d managed to separate a stubborn paper plate from the stack and raised his gaze, she was staring over his shoulder predatorily. “Target spotted?” he asked dryly.
“Yeah?”
Castiel coughed so hard a bit of pastry landed on his laptop keys.
Dean shoved the papers into his backpack before giving Castiel an awkward smile. “You know you didn’t have to do any of that, Cas.”
“I—I should—” Hideously embarrassed, Castiel ducked his head and took a step back. He didn’t finish the sentence, but inside his mind it definitely went,
Castiel tilted his head in question.
The drive back to the bunker from the Jiffy Burger was only a few minutes, and thank God for that (or, uh, thank literally
Castiel’s scowl was remarkably fond.
“Oh, no way am I planning on seeking her out”—Dean realized he was talking to himself, Michael having poofed already, and rolled his eyes up to the star-painted ceiling of the tiny room—“alone.”
behind Sam’s eyes; something that Dean had said pressed a button, and all Dean could do was hold on and pray it was the right one.
Dr. Shurley was still talking, somewhere in the background, but Castiel’s brain shut down everything else around him the moment the crowd parted.
“Coffee,” he said, pointedly throwing a five on the counter and turning to Charlie.
First step, first problem: MEG. Dean had to head over to engineering and check on the sassy A.I., to make sure her circuits weren’t too scrambled. Not that Dean was confident he could do anything about it if they were…but he’d probably be able to tell, at least. He was used to working on rogue droids, whether stolen or escaped, and their systems were notably different to a hologrammatic A.I. like MEG. But he had read a lot. Under any other circumstance, Dean would have been pretty excited to get to work on something—
Castiel’s eyes were so big and round that Dean could drown in them. He looked raw, stripped down to an aching vulnerability that was totally at odds against everything Dean knew about his stubborn, strong warrior-friend.
“Would it kill you to take a compliment?” Castiel asked, that eyebrow roaming upwards once more as he stepped up behind Dean, entering a narrow white corridor beyond the door.
Dean shifted, anxious, but somehow excited. “You want to talk about it here. Go through a whole list of, of—” Dean leaned forward slightly, hissing out a soft whisper. “—
okay? That’s all.”
Dean let out a small sigh. “Alright,” he allowed. “You’ve made it pretty clear that you don’t think much of Bellbird Valley. And you know…as much as that’s kinda shitty and presumptive of you, I get it. Your first impressions weren’t great, and I know it’s probably nothing on where you’re from. You probably can’t wait to get outta here and back to your Uber and your yoga studios and your carefully sanitized green technology—” Dean was picking up steam, and Castiel was almost pleased to hear that he sounded annoyed. He felt like he deserved it, after all. “—and away from our stupid little uncultured town with all its stupid little uncultured people, like me.”
Bobbi’s wildly out of tune but very enthusiastic rendition of ‘Some Things Never Change’ filled the room.
“No, no,” Sam said hurriedly, “we’ve got it. No worries. Just a standard vamp nest.”
One large hand came to the back of Dean’s head, and then a smooth, silky tip of flesh
But a fool who was done with war, at least.
Castiel’s smile was secretive. “Turn off the flashlight,” he said.
, and captainhaterade for alpha/beta/screaming help. Y'all are precious and patient, so thank you.
“Oh really?” said Dean. In for a penny, in for a pound. “Because you’ve had one pretty firmly lodged in there ever since we met, y’know.”
“Of course I still want to see you,” he clarified, signing carefully along with his words, as always. “All I’ve wanted to do, all year, is to see you. To know you. Much more than just in class. It’s all I thought about when we were together...I don’t think I was really very good at hiding it. But I knew that it was a conflict of interest, by my personal standards, even if the college wouldn’t have minded. So, if I want to keep seeing you in the way I really want to…then I can’t be with you in classes anymore.”
When he looked back up, Charlie gave him a warm wink and said, “Just enough, Casanova. Now, compliment my outfit so we can leave.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Over the couch,” Castiel growled.
The Continental juddered forward a few inches as Castiel’s foot slipped on the brake. Wide eyed and flustered looking, he peered over at Dean and shook his head. “The meat man?”
“Not one of the great questions of the universe, Cas,” Dean pointed out. “I’m going to stop at a diner and grab some decent breakfast, then I’m driving north to get supplies. You can come or not, it’s not a big deal.”
“I know what people come here for, okay? But not me. I—” Dean started to say, but he was cut off by another splash as the creature’s muscled, impressive arms bent and pushed down, and he hauled himself over the edge of the grungy bathtub and onto the floor. He had thin, shiny webbing that stretched between each of his fingers.
“Why can’t you wake up someone else? One of the officers, a whole team of engineers, people who—”
“Hello?” he called groggily through the intercom.
Thin and watery-tasting, Dean lapped up the pre-come leaking from Castiel’s slit, savoring it.
On the kitchen table, perched obviously in the middle, there was one of Mabel’s old cut crystal vases, packed with gorgeous blue wildflowers once more. Bright azure asters, tiny blue lobelias, and dayflowers formed a pillowy blue cloud around the taller stems of rocket larkspur. They were simple and beautiful, and they smelled like sunshine as Castiel stepped up to the table, lifting the vase up to his nose.
Exhaling angrily, Dean ran his hands over his face before he spoke. “I’m sorry, Bobby.”
His dark hair was crying out for Dean’s fingers, and his ruinous, too-blue eyes had an edge of steel to them that made Dean want to throw himself over the counter so he could kneel in front of those cataclysmic, catastrophic,
Miggles didn’t seem to think that was good enough, sitting primly on the arm of the couch to Castiel’s right and beginning to wash their face, aloof.
Dean threw Sam one more warning look before he turned back to Anna. “Let’s take you on back to meet the boss.”
“Oh, holy dumpster,” Castiel let out in a breath.
Dean needed to get his shit together—this was technically his coworker, after all.  He cleared his throat forcefully. “Sorry. What can I do for you?”
“Yeah?”
And now he had to work out a way to save this ship, because that meant saving Sam. And Sam was everything he had.
, or check out my
“Oh?” said Balthazar, reaching for his expensive wine. He swished it in a circular motion as if to say, “Go on!”
Castiel was sitting in one of the waiting room chairs, staring at his phone. He looked up as Dean approached, his face relaxing into the tiny smile that Dean liked to tell himself was just for him.
When the light became too wan for fresh discovery, as the startlingly bright stars in the sky overhead began to peek around the leaves of the giant Ceiba trees, Dean would take Castiel’s hand and tug him over to one of the small, stone-lined campfires kept going by the handful of folk who stayed at the camp overnight to protect their finds from looters. Dean and Castiel always stayed; Sam and Eileen returned to the more luxurious, off-site campground. As the nights fell, Dean and Castiel would lean into each other and eat the fresh passion fruits that fell around the camp in bushels, and recount stories learned over their years of study.
” Dean threatened good-naturedly.
Dean’s hand stopped moving, resting only very lightly on the oily skin, the damp underside of the Led Zeppelin shirt clinging to Dean’s knuckles and wrist. “And I—you don’t want me to do that for you,” Dean clarified, a sudden pang of puzzling hurt hitting him that he couldn’t quite pin down.
Castiel turned to face the camera, blinking slowly as if he’d only just remembered that it was there. He looked thoughtful for a moment before smiling back at Dean. “Given how we met, it seems only fitting that our engagement is on film. I don’t mind.”
Dean placed his paper coffee cup down on the hood and paused to reroll his sleeves before looking back at Jo. “Alright. I’ll bite. What’ve you been thinking?”
With the words having drained out of them all, quiet descended, thick and uncomfortable.
“Hmm, reasonable.” Dean settled back into his seat for a moment, flipping his ice pack while he thought what to ask first. “Okay. Tell me the craziest thing you’ve ever done.”
There was no response, only water and steam.
Something that came up in the comments last week that I thought might be fun to ask you all: given their dynamic and relative positions so far in the fic, do any of you have an inkling who will make the first move, or what will prompt it? I won't tell, of course, but I'm very curious about what you all think!
Castiel winced but didn’t interrupt. He’d traveled in LGBTQIA circles for long enough in his life that he’d heard more than one tale that began like Claire’s.
Dean’s spine was stiff, immediately wanting to shut the conversation down and talk about something else, but…it wasn’t such a bad idea. Maybe not the date thing, but surprising Castiel with the car, when he probably expected to wait days and pick it up himself? That’d make him smile.
Lips shaking and flushed, Castiel nodded, reaching to settle his hand back into Dean’s hair.
The next was dark skinned, tightly muscled, shorter.
It was a bold move, perhaps, but no bolder than how they’d ended up here in the first place, Castiel figured. He had nothing to lose.
“Tell me about it.”
“You’re stubborn,” Claire said. To Castiel it felt fond, and he couldn’t help but smile back at her before she continued, “But as for Dean…have you thought of just seeing if he’s interested in helping with Bellbird on his own terms? He’s got his own reasons, believe me, for not wanting that farm to fall apart.”
He was going to be a little late, but everyone was probably used to that; he’d been making the same rushing journey from Charming Acres ever since he’d moved to the town. Dean had the whole thing down to a fine art by now. He packed his bag the night before, loaded everything up in Baby, and made sure he took a really good shower that morning, to minimize the amount of prep he’d have to do when he got to Impact.
he’d been, how powerless Castiel had been to really refuse, whether Dean had fully understood that at the time or not. Luckily, as he did with so many things, Castiel had entirely surprised Dean when he’d brought the scales out from his pocket and explained where he’d found them.
Castiel scribbled his name, unseeing, as he reached out his other hand to coil around the back of Dean’s neck and pull him in. Their mouths clashed, hot and wet, and the pen rolled to the floor.
Though he did have to admit, the Gremlin was a hell of a lot cheaper to fuel than Baby was. Charlie waited until Dean had clipped his seatbelt and looked back at her before she said anything else.
Dean left one hand right where it was, loving the perfectly sized dip of skin below Castiel’s sharp hip bone where his thumb could rest. His other hand slid back, wide-fingered and firm, gliding his palm up the curve of Castiel’s spine and across his back. Castiel’s gaze didn’t waver as Dean’s hand shifted across his ribs until it was just beneath his shoulder blades, pulling their bodies close.
a hipster-looking place that Dean had driven past on several occasions and never given much thought to. It looked busy, but Castiel had promised good burgers, so Dean didn’t complain. They could wait, if they had to.
“Yes, I’ll admit. But it really is perfect for you.”
Castiel reached up sharply, wrapping his fingers firmly around Dean’s jaw as he growled, “Answer me. I would rather you be honest because I don’t like to share. It’s rare that I even come to a place like this with the intention to pick up a stranger, Dean…but someone got me very riled up today.”
Dean looked down at the old, wrought iron bed frame, letting out a small chuckle. Yes, it was still Mabel’s old twin bed, but it had a new mattress—and anyway, it wasn’t like they were about to need miles of space between them. It was cozy.
“Okay,” signed Dean. “Do I talk to you, or her?”
but how? How was he supposed to know?
There was no point in negotiating. Shotgun-toting Floridians who apparently slept in freaky museums and thought “genuine pilgrim toenail clippings” were a crowd pleaser just weren’t the kinda folks you negotiated with.
The last was the smallest, blond, his hair longer.
Dean closed his mouth and tried to look suitably contrite. He wasn’t, but he knew Bobby would appreciate the effort.
nvm you can tell me when I get there
“Bisexual, homoromantic,” Charlie recited, poking out her tongue. “I’m not an idiot, just teasing.”
Dean wrinkled his nose in judgement, his eyes not leaving Charlie for even a moment as he reached for a long-handled spoon. “Do you have any idea how long that cotton candy machine takes to clean?”
Castiel held it in both hands, turning to look at Dean. His eyes were tumultuous, dark blue, hard to read. Dean swallowed hard.
Castiel let out a sing-songy note of pleasure. “Yes, please.”
Tempted, and seeing no one else reaching for it, Castiel decided to help himself to the last slice of the delicious-looking, clearly homemade pastry. It was a traditional apple pie with a touch of cinnamon, and the smell of it made Castiel’s mouth water in comparison to the rubbery chicken and green bean casserole he’d begrudgingly chewed through earlier.
“That’s assuming merfolk have souls,” Dean pondered. “Isn’t that a human thing?”
Down near Dean’s knees, Castiel muttered something that was probably a critique of Benny’s excellent campfire cooking skills, and Benny walked away chuckling.
he thought to himself,
Castiel let out a shaky, sobbing noise from behind his hand. “Dean,” he said again, apparently reduced to one-word sentences.
Pink at the back of his neck, Castiel remained at Dean’s side, his horse keeping pace with Baby as they explored the lush, emerald fields. “It’s not really the done thing you know, being as casual with me as you are.”
“Why?” Castiel asked, lifting his head. He looked lost, a wet curl of hair plastered to his forehead. “I’m a waste of resources when you have Amara to worry about, and when Heaven is—”
Anyway, enough of that! Back to Dean! Our boy is plowing on through the school year, and things are going pretty well...everyone has bad days though, right?
“We didn’t have a choice,” Castiel growled, tugging his arm free from Dean and stepping forward into Amara’s space. “He wanted to eliminate us—not just us, the whole world, and other worlds too.”
the lace onto his skin and making Dean hiss.
Jo knocked into Dean’s shoulder and pointed to the break room, frowning.
“A what now?”
“Dude, are you wearing pants?”
Dean could feel Sam’s eye roll like it was a physical thing. Quickly tucking the transparent, beautiful blue of Castiel’s tail fin into the footwell—it felt like wet silk—Dean slammed the door and slid himself into the passenger seat. Usually, Dean would have complained at Sam’s presumption, settling behind the wheel and assuming he’d be driving. Dean’s own sooty reflection in the side view mirror, though, assured him he shouldn’t be driving just yet.
“Lucky for me, Dean is pretty fast to sign too,” Dean said. “I never had anyone around to give me a name sign. Jo could’ve, I guess, but when my dad was around he’d have been pissed if he saw it.”
Probably a fever dream, at best. Was he sick? Was that why he couldn’t sleep?
“That’s not your fault,” Dean mumbled into Castiel’s wet hair, inhaling the smell of warm water and waxy, grocery-store shampoo that was struggling to overpower the unfortunately familiar, upsetting smell of blood. It always smelled the way Dean’s brain told him old pennies would taste. “I get it, Cas. I’m not mad—no one is mad at you.”
, trying to keep up with school, and maintain some kind of social life, they hadn’t been able to jump into working on Dean’s ASL as quickly as they’d wanted. Doggedly, they’d kept trying. Dean grinned down at the glowing screen, pleased that Castiel had finally suggested a day he could manage.
There was a pause, and Dean felt the soft pressure of what might have been a kiss to his tailbone. “Count for me, beautiful,” Castiel instructed, his breath hot across the hem of Dean’s underwear.
He made his way to the spot a few stacks down where Castiel had been standing and looked at the bookshelf. The book Castiel had picked up from the floor and shoved unceremoniously back onto the shelf stuck out further than the others, so it was easy to spot.
“Dying alone in your messy apartment and being found weeks later, surrounded by ice cream containers and half-eaten by your cat—now
As if she could tell what he was thinking, Meg grinned. “You know they’d probably assume it was me, anyway.”
“Guess so.” Dean struggled to get the words out, his jaw feeling tight and achy, a prickling behind his eyes. Blinking once or twice, he turned and stepped toward the shore, pushing through the weight of the water and making it back to the beach.
Dean held up a hand to flag down Ash for a whiskey shot and a bottle of beer before moving along the line of dishes. Each of the bands held different significance: blue meant you were a Dom and looking to play. Yellow meant you were a sub and looking to socialize only. Pink meant you were looking for male play partners, green meant you were looking for female play partners, purple meant that gender was irrelevant. People picked out what they needed from the rainbow array, sometimes wearing two or three different ones to communicate what they wanted and spark conversation.
The sand was cool between Dean’s toes as he carried Castiel to the water’s edge, lowering him down before dropping down beside him. Castiel passed Dean the flashlight, and he threw his towel up the beach a little before pulling his phone from his pocket and tossing it gently on top of it.
“Can’t be too badly off,” Dean said, raising his voice so that it’d carry to MEG as they walked in, “if you’re streaming episodes of Dr. Sexy, M.D.”
He’d give Dean some time to calm down, he decided.
, Castiel told himself, cheerfully determined.
“Well, you’re a professor of ancient history and all that,” Dean said with a shrug that just
As always, a reminder with this fic: It is in no way meant to represent a 'correct' or accurate method of recovery from the kinds of horrors Castiel has been through, and I am not a doctor or a psychologist. I'll leave that to the experts.
- Mal
“Structurally?” Dean asked, hoping he sounded a lot more nonchalant than he felt.
Groaning his delight into Castiel’s skin, Dean returned to work on his neck as their bodies lowered back together. The friction of fabric between them was tantalizing; not enough to get either of them off, but enough that Dean could feel the needy thickening of Castiel’s cock through his thin dress pants where it pressed tight against his thigh.
It was either never enough or too much. Either they stayed when they found out what Castiel was and he grew increasingly unsatisfied, or they ran, because just the idea of him as his full self was too much.
I was really interested to see your guesses for who would make the first move! Obviously you’ll find out eventually, but some of them had me grinning behind the screen. So many options!
“Maybe I just want to wait?” Castiel said.
Immediately, Castiel was embarrassed, but he couldn’t move; Dean was still clinging on to him, both of them breathing heavily, eyes wide with shock.
Luckily for Dean, Castiel seemed cognizant of the fact that Dean had been on edge for a long time, and he wasn’t holding back. Heavy pants and groaning puffs of air tumbled from Castiel’s lips as Dean worked his shaft with his hands, concentrating his tongue on the underside of Castiel’s head and sucking hard.
Something like that, indeed.
Amara’s eyebrows were about to meet her hairline. “He was my
Fuzzy around the edges, Dean squinted at Castiel. “How much have you drunk?”
“They couldn’t tell you who tipped them off?” Jo asked.
Castiel tapped his arm again, a small frown bunching his forehead. “I really am sorry,” he said again. “I know it was unprofessional of me to be late, but it couldn’t be helped. I appreciate that it’s difficult for you to keep up without an interpreter. I understand—”
Sam had helped him carry Castiel out to the Impala. He lay against one window, now, slumped down in his trench coat, a blanket from the trunk thrown over him and another bundled up against the glass like a pillow. Eileen sat next to him. She didn’t know Castiel like they did, but even so, her concerned gaze kept moving across to him—Dean could see it, in Baby’s rear-view mirror.
Castiel let out a self-pitying groan, but soon thought better of it when he started coughing again.
But come on…sentient A.I.. Fucking awesome.
“Ready,” Dean confirmed. On impulse, he lifted Castiel’s beautiful, expressive fingers up to his lips again, pressing a kiss to their tips. Yeah, he liked doing that. “Let’s date.”
The final gamble, the one Dean was most nervous about, had been Dean’s own things. A few of his most-worn undershirts, a blanket from the back seat of the Impala, his jacket. Just placed casually around the terribly makeshift (and now that Dean was looking at it with an angel beside him, rather sad) attempt at a nest.
Hello, readers!
“You think I’m hilarious,” Charlie signed cheekily across at him before heading back a few rows to her seat. She’d decided to start learning a few signs not long after they’d met. Dean hadn’t gone into detail with her about how much it touched him, but he had a feeling she knew.
“You’re one to talk,” Castiel grumbles gently. His gaze flicks around though, filling with slowly dawning concern. “Dean—tell me you didn’t really risk that just for me, that you didn’t wait because—”
The reason this one mattered was because Dean had a chance to prove to Castiel that he was capable. That even if he was on his second attempt at school at nearly thirty, that even if he pushed away friends and failed at relationships, that even if he felt like he was the worst Winchester, the one who was a disappointment…he was still good at stuff. He still had skills, talents.
“Morning, Claire!” he called back, before dipping his head at the two other patrons. “Liz, Simon, and Castiel!”
If you enjoyed this Destiel romp, please do
Looking down at Sam’s peaceful, sleeping face, his longish-brown hair floating oddly in the pinkish slime, Dean suddenly had many more questions.
“I...I’m speaking too fast, aren’t I?” Charlie said, looking stricken and guilty. “I’m terrible at this, shit. I’m sorry, I—thought, I mean—you liked the book, and you mentioned my shirt, I just thought maybe we had some stuff in common.”
“Me either, half the time,” Dean admitted. “I know this is hard for you to believe, but I’m not trying to be difficult, okay? I just think Cas is better off where I can keep a close eye on him, right now.”
“Save it for the jury, because I was here when he dropped it off. That man is as hot as the hinges on the gates of Hades.”
“I provided you with the manual,” MEG drawled lazily, referring to the hefty, sixteen-hundred-page book that rested accusingly on the other end of the table. “I don’t have hands, in case you haven’t noticed. Unless you want to go through the effort of booting me into
“FUCK!” Castiel yelled, his phone dropping from his hand and bouncing along the gray, gravelly tarmac as he dashed into action.
“Thank you, Dean.”
Spinning quickly, Castiel yanked and pulled, jogging up the pathetic excuse for a platform to try and dislodge his eighty-dollar, reversible, Lululemon mat from between the surprisingly determined doors. As the train picked up speed, Castiel was forced to let go. He could only watch as the mat finally succumbed to the pressure of the closing doors. It
Bobby shook his head in disbelief. “Get outta here,” he said, giving Baby an affectionate pat on the hood. “And don’t be an asshole to those people, y’hear?”
“That sounds promising...too promising,” Dean said suspiciously. “Why didn’t you say anything already—what’s the catch?”
Dean, of course, knew that it was a third-degree felony because Sam had droned on about it ever since they’d crossed the border from Georgia.
A tiny paunch of confusion appeared between Sam’s brows, but he said nothing as he moved over to take a peek out of the low window himself. He had to duck.
Castiel dipped his head down, following the path of his hand, and pressed his lips to Dean’s heart. Dean could feel him smile against his skin.
Disc by disc, Castiel’s spine slowly curved and relaxed, and after another minute Dean felt Castiel push back against Dean’s hands, silently asking for more.
“Color?”
Eventually, after a long few minutes, Castiel gave a low, entirely humorless laugh. “So. Waking the Officers, I agree with. Because otherwise… we are entirely screwed.”
They fiddled with the holo-map a while longer, noting the large red zones that took up huge swathes of the front of the ship. They could see where MEG, as she had explained to them before, had routed the remaining oxygen supplies to the Nest. She was keeping the occupants of the stasis pods alive with huge filters siphoning the air down into tubes and keeping the lungs of the crew steadily filled while they slumbered. The rest of the ship was dicey. If Dean and Castiel wanted to go anywhere other than the bridge, elevators, or a brief slice of the residence deck, Dean realized, they’d be out of luck unless MEG moved some things around.
“Did you mean it?” Castiel repeated again, his voice weaker but his fingers tighter. “What you sang—was it true?”
“A little,” Castiel confessed, not looking at Dean.
He had to
Opposite the entrance, Castiel’s bloody trench coat lay over one of the stone sinks. A bar of soap sat desolately on its collar, as if Castiel had attempted to clean it, but realized part-way through that he wouldn’t have much luck while he was still covered in blood, himself.
“Thank you for doing this,” Castiel said, his eyes soft. “For suggesting her for the job. It means a lot to her—and to me.”
Michael’s hand came up to his face, and he rubbed at his eyes with the pads of his fingers, pinching his lids shut in a very tired, oddly human gesture. “I don’t understand you.”
It was a look that made Gabriel seem much, much less human than Castiel did.
to post it. He’d shared almost a decade of his life with YouTube by now, it would feel odd not to share the most important thing he’d ever done. But it wasn’t just up to him.
None.
Did he have to be so infuriatingly beautiful, though?
Castiel murmured as much to Dean as he squeezed a few drops of the oil out into his palm.
Charlie beamed exactly like he’d said “yes.” He had a feeling she wouldn’t let it rest that easily.
“We are not doing this, Sam. I called you to ask what nerds like you bring to things like this, not for a heartwarming brotherly sharing session.”
There was relief, he supposed, that the Ranch was gone entirely, that its horrors had been physically obliterated even if mentally they lived on. It didn’t feel like justice, though. Nothing would, Dean guessed. But it did feel somewhat like closure.
“No, Garth,” he said, nodding. “They didn’t find anything. Just like I knew they wouldn’t. The guy was quite complimentary, actually, especially when he saw all the stuff we got set up for Dean and Jo. Extra safety precautions are a benefit to all of you, hearing or not.”
Dean gripped onto his trench coat sleeve tighter.
“Maybe Bellbird Valley and us folks aren’t shit, to you, Cas. Fine. But around here, if someone needs help, you help them. If someone’s new, you try to welcome them. And if you’re a jerk and make someone feel embarrassed about a dumb flying dildo, you try to make it up to them, okay?”
Castiel nodded his appreciation once Dean was done.
Suspended, the water hovered two inches or so above the chalk, and began to spread and swirl, its volume increasing exponentially from what had been held in the simple beer glass.
“Ahh,” Castiel replied, his eyes flicking to the end of the register where the guy he’d yelled at dildo man in front of lurked. “I see. Well, I’m Castiel Shurley, and you had it right—I’m the new owner of the farm.”
“Well, this is a college not a middle school, so your professor will have to learn to be more flexible,” Castiel said. He smiled calmly, a brisk, unflappable air about him as his eyes flicked between Dean and the offending chart.
“Hey, now—”
Dean raised an eyebrow. “You’ve got to be high just for small talk?”
Dean nodded. “Pretty much. Maybe not by blood, but he’s always been Uncle Bobby.”
“Cassie, darling! I’ve been so worried about you!”
“Yes, sir,” Dean said, smiling to himself as he paused by the kitchen door on the way out again. “On the car phone.”
Grabbing his suitcase handle, Castiel rose up from his seat, slipped his backpack on, and tucked his yoga mat roll under his arm. He decided to head through the empty train to the door and keep an eye out for the station. Castiel hadn’t needed a car when he lived in San Francisco—he’d lived in the middle of the city and a car was more hassle than it was really worth. So, after flying into Kansas City International, he’d had to bear a two-hour train ride to the middle of nowhere.
any similarities there, between him and Cas and Cain and Collette. He wasn’t stupid.
Oh, for goodness sake—Dean shook himself. What was the point of being Earl if he couldn’t use it to his advantage on occasion?
“Yeah, right here.”
They were at least going to
The rhythm of the flashing kept Dean mesmerized for a few seconds. Why would Castiel flash like that? It was gorgeous, but...why? To scare off predators? Well—no, now Dean thought about it, Castiel kinda
Castiel stared down at the phone in his hand, blinking at the text message. It was from a different number than the one of Balthazar’s that he’d blocked weeks ago, but there was no doubt who it was from. His thumb hovered over the block option for a long moment, but eventually, he just shut his phone off.
“He’s not paid to give you extra lessons every week for free, though,” Sam pointed out smoothly, “or to have lunch with you on campus. It’d be different if you were a freshman and he was the professor or something, but you’re both grown men and he’s support staff
“Doesn’t take a genius,” Dean replied down to the top of his whiskey glass. He wasn’t even sure what he was drinking; he’d grabbed the first bottle of brownish liquor he’d spotted after vaulting over the bar, bringing the whole thing around to the other side with a single glass.
His hand coming to his chest in mock offense, Dean spread his fingers as he said, “Are you trying to tell me Bellbird Valley hasn’t swept you off your feet, yet?”
know, and I…” Trailing off, Castiel shook his head. “It doesn’t matter.”
“It is the twenty-first century, Dean, you know that right? You can ask people who aren’t assholes polite questions like, ‘Hey, I don’t know if you’re interested in guys at all, but I thought that maybe if you were, we could get a drink sometime,’ without being pilloried, you know. I guarantee you that as you’ve already established that he’s
Dean rolled his eyes. “Figures.”
“Dick,” he muttered.
Crap. Castiel had never intended to make things with Dean so awkward that they couldn’t even share a café. After a small sigh, Castiel shook his head and returned his attention—very happily—to Kaia’s baking, with another delighted groan.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I do not have that information, Winchester.”
The corridor stretched out before them, not very long but with several small arches on each side, leading off to separate rooms. Squinting through the first archway, Dean noted curiously that the locked zone contained more than just stasis eggs—it was a self-contained officers’ area, much like the one up near the bridge. There was a computer archive room for studying for exams, there was a dormitory, an entertainment area, and a vending machine. Unlike the main floors of the vessel, this area didn’t seem to have been maintained in the slightest. Everything was dusty, the lights overhead buzzed and blinked, and the air smelled heavily of neglect.
“Nah,” Dean said, finding his response honest whereas days ago it might not have been. “Situation is weird. You, though… You’re alright.”
Hello, one and all!
“A…towel.”
Sam gave him a clueless shrug, and Dean gave him a half-smile in return. Clearly neither of them had any idea why Castiel had more of a stick up his ass than usual. That was reassuring; at least it wasn’t something that Dean had done and simply not noticed, that Sam could crow over.
I asked my Patreons to vote on my next long fic, so thanks to them the next WIP you see from me will be "42,000 Feet and Dropping," an AU where mechanic Dean meets erotic novelist Castiel on an airplane. A kinky weekend ensues...but of course, it doesn't end there.
That's all for today, folks! More coming at you on Friday.
One step at a time, one problem at a time. It was how Dean was staying sane. And Castiel seemed to have decided the same, as he didn’t mention it either.
It wasn’t quite like the carefully sanitized version of the country that had surrounded the cabins Castiel had stayed in on long weekends, but it was, in its own way, pretty.
If it came down to a choice between Balthazar and carbs, there was a fair chance that Castiel might choose carbs. Guilty at the thought, Castiel closed the donut box and shoved it as far away from himself as he could. It glided across the table, leaving a slightly greasy, sticky streak on the glass.
“I’ll pass, thank you. But…” Castiel pursed his lips, looking thoughtful. “Fair is fair. So how about…three questions. Anything you want. And I’ll answer them.”
“Of course I want to, Cas,” Dean interrupted Castiel’s babbling gently. “Hanging out with you is fun. We’ve done it before.”
The door clicked behind Castiel and Dean sat back down slowly. He’d tidy away the ledgers, he decided, and then go for a ride. A good gallop through the hills always helped him sort out his thoughts.
Dean blurted, too exasperated to play along with MEG any further.
Leaving Dean to get back up onto the roof, Castiel headed back into the farmhouse and began his morning. The kitchen wasn’t fantastic, particularly with the non-functional wood-burner that seemed as if it had once been the kitchen’s primary stove, but at least since Dean had fixed the sink and his friends had provided the microwave from Bobby’s, Castiel had been able to get by. Scrambled eggs in the microwave were a bit of an abomination, but they made more sense than driving to the Roadhouse Café for every single meal.
“Nothing. You seem like you’re feeling better?”
or check out my
Done with the small half-bath on the first floor, Castiel climbed his way over Fatback in the hallway and made his way into the kitchen. From the window, he caught flashes of movement as Dean braved the humidity, cutting grass and sod to dig in new beds of beneficial insect-attracting flowers that Castiel had wanted at the front of the Bellbird.
Next week I have a short, Harlequin-esque romance fic posting as part of Regency Bang. If any of you feel like giving it a try, I'd love to see you there!
thighs.
“Knew it was you!” Charlie said, grinning wide as she swung the door open.
Castiel flushed slightly again. “I do. I have every episode on DVD.”
Castiel let out a low chuckle. “One of the tamest things you can do while drunk, I suppose.”
“We’re trying to be friends. Theoretically.”
Dean…”
Dean’s help should probably have been mildly offensive, but Dean was too happy about getting a green light to skip the research to complain.
“Yes?” Castiel asked, his voice a shit-eating grin even without the visual. “What was that, boy?”
“Alright, alright, I’m coming,” he grumbled, wondering who on Earth it could be. It wasn’t like he had any friends who’d be stopping by or any appointments.
“Well, what did you expect?” Dean butted in. “You just didn’t show up, dude—you could have texted me, or said something last night?”
, Castiel said—but what was
With a dull nod, Castiel straightened, pulling away from Dean’s hand. He shuffled away without a word, straight toward the shower block.
on Thursday.
“You cook?” Castiel asked, sounding very interested. “What’s your favorite thing to cook?”
Castiel clutched his slightly crushed plastic cup desperately as Dean refilled it. He should say something, he decided, before realizing he was entirely tongue-tied.
