Steve swings his head, disappointed and throws a dinner jacket at the bed.
But Tony is committed to his plan because he stops in a half move, just before he means to completely pull off his pants and looks up at Steve. “Are you joining me or not?”
Tony looks at him sharply. “Killian? The one from AIM? What did I do to this guy? I mean, apart from making fun of him like in the last century?”
“Wait, she knows?” Tony asks Steve, surprised.
Tony throws him a curious look, but he doesn’t comment. Instead, he sweeps his thumb along Steve’s cheekbone. Examining it carefully, he leans in closer.
“FRIDAY,” he says, drawing all their attention. “Could you please show me a recording from LAX airport, private strip, from around three weeks ago? You can also use a facial recognition scanner and look for me there.”
“Boss,” she starts carefully. “I don’t know if that’s the best idea.”
“Geez, honey, I’m sorry you had to wait for me again.” Tony presses a smile and wants to pat Steve but then he looks above him, seeing another figure coming out of the house. “Wow, he really
“Tony,” Steve tries.
“Not planning—like—
“Yeah, but—” Steve says unsure. “We should talk about what this means.”
“It’s okay,” Tony whispers, unsure of his voice. “I know I’m irresistible.”
Bruce shakes his head and pokes his chin at the living room. “She wanted this.”
“Were we very good friends?” he asks.
“He helped me understand things, okay?” Tony protests.
“Oh, wow, that—” Steve looks for words, taken aback and frowns at Tony, asking, “Is this what this is about? Your teen fantasies coming true?”
“I want you to come here and run all necessary tests that you can think of,” Steve decides. “Any information, even the smallest, is something.”
Tony huffs under his breath, “Smartass.”
Tony snorts. “Yeah, then I’d probably have kicked your ass.”
All of sudden, he feels a sharp pain in his chest. He chokes on his breath, trying to take it. But it’s impossible. It’s like something had been pressing on his chest. He struggles and falls from his stool, not able to find the ground. And that’s the last thing he remembers.
There is one, no, two… Then three heartbeats. Steve’s heart pounds in his ribcage, before he panics. He can’t see Tony anymore. He’s not resurfacing. There isn’t even an inch of his lighter skin visible in the waves. And Steve’s heightened senses should pick something up. They should.
?” Pepper crosses her arms around even tighter. “Or just the important parts?”
“The famous letter,” Tony says and looks at the man very carefully, trying to absorb all his reactions. “And what happened then? Did I forgive you?”
“—Steve, stop,” Tony interrupts him again, firmly this time.
“Geez, I could think of a thousand more interesting things to talk about.” Tony rolls his eyes but seeing that Steve just braces himself and crosses his arms, he gives up. “Fine,” he says, more business-like. “I remember the evening at Caesars Palace. Then the journalist, what’s her name? Carlie?”
“You don’t have to,” Steve says firmly, looking up. “It was meant to be only for you.”
Steve looks at the suits and back to the food. And only then he locks his eyes with Tony, stating flatly, “You flew. To the store.”
But he still observes Steve carefully. His dark eyes consume the distant hue of the only lamp they left switched on. His hair is in complete disarray, adding to him even more of the boyish charm he always radiates. But contrary to that, his face is serious and worried. He waits.
look. Somehow it seems even more frightening than before. And he visibly grinds his teeth when he huffs out audibly and forces a pair of jeans inside the bag.
Before Tony can object, she grabs him by an arm and drags him away from the house and deeper into the woods.
He doesn’t feel that his muscles are sore from staying in the same position for hours. He doesn’t feel hungry, even if he doesn’t remember the last time, he had something to eat. He can’t sleep. But that's normal. To be honest, he hasn’t had a good night of sleep in the last seven years.
“I’m a superhero. Apparently,” he says, looking up from the screen and winces. “I also died. And top of that, I’m partially responsible for defeating yet
“You must have snapped the fingers one more time when you were already dying.” Steve finally gives him his clumsy explanations. “Because you were grasping for last traces of life, and you were in pain, and overall, the stones were drawing from you, the thought that activated them wasn’t precise or even finished.”
“I helped enough,” he answers ominously. “And this is more important.”
Steve takes a quick look through the kitchen window, muttering a question, “Only Pepper knows we are here, right?”
“You knew about this the whole time,” he whispers. “It really is all my fault,” he adds shakily, ducking his head. “Fuck—I’m sorry. I—”
He looks at the clock on a wall behind Pepper’s back, realizing that this happened six hours ago.
He had been able to hold himself together through all the realization of what had happened, the funeral and then the memorial that occurred just this morning. He even survived through the small wake right after it, chatting away even through the storm of his mind, tending to guests when Pepper couldn’t, taking care of everything and everyone just so he wouldn’t stop moving. He knew that if he stopped, he would end up like that - completely broken. That’s why he put on the bravest face he could and just bulldozed through the day until everyone left, an exhausted Morgan had been tucked in bed and Pepper announced that there was another message from Tony, just for Steve.
“Tony,” she nods.
Tony smirks as he steps in between Steve’s open legs. His fingers slip into Steve’s hair again and Tony looks down on Steve with fondness hidden behind his dark eyes.
“I’m done talking,” Steve decides.
Steve lets out a nervous laugh, nodding. “Anything, everything.”
Ah, the alien invasion, he recalls and momentarily regrets this line of thinking because with it comes the rest. He had been kidnapped, then mutilated, then his uncle betrayed him and then, and then, and then— One event after another landed him in 2023 married to one Pepper Potts.
When they’re finally driving up the road to Tony’s house, one fight with his leading doctor, and a few hours later, Tony is exhausted and, by extension, frustrated to the point of no return. Again.
“Thor,” he finally says. “Try not to take all of Tony’s dignity.”
Pepper’s been gone for a week. It’s the first time she’s left Morgan with them for so long. But she’s still the CEO of Stark Industries and when three weeks ago he decided to completely step down from all the functions at the company, he also gave her even more responsibilities. They both decided that they're going to look for her replacement soon, giving Pepper some peace of mind, but for now, Tony thinks she enjoys her time away and the feeling of being among adults and non-superhumans. He feels that she also wants to give them space so he, Morgan and Steve can figure out their own dynamics.
When Steve looks up, he sees the man focusing on the ocean again. His almost black eyes follow the movements of the waves. His lush hair is tousled by the gentle wind, caressing his cheekbones. Nothing is left from the subtle construction that was there when they left the house. Tony looks raw. He looks beautiful. He also looks free and incredibly young. Far younger than even when they’d first met. But that’s not the point. Because Tony also looks content. He looks calm. Happy. So incredibly
I hope you're all gonna like it because this one is one of my favourite!
Watching as Mantis slowly gravitates toward Steve’s spot, Tony moves himself. After all, he doesn’t want to give any hints that he’s the one behind Manties sudden attack on Cap. Besides, Bruce does look miserable sitting alone in the kitchen and comforting a friend seems to be the best alibi he can get. Still, he doesn't want Bruce to know the reason why he also gravitated toward the kitchen, so he casually walks in under a false pretense of getting something to drink.
“But aren’t we done here?” Tony notices. “If I am not mistaken, and I rarely am, I’ve given my life for this word. Isn’t this enough? Because if not, then where do we draw the line?”
“I’m completely shitting you,” Tony laughs. “But I must admit I like this new power that I have over you.”
“No, not even for a second,” Steve says fast. “Besides, now I understand that the problem didn’t lie in our lives going wrong but in the fact that we didn’t have one in the first place. I wasn’t the only one who couldn’t stop, Tony.”
“Wow,” Natasha huffs at the other end of the driveway. “I’ve been gone for a few minutes, and you decided to finally grow a pair?”
Bata by the most precious people -
to know but of course, this is the moment when FRIDAY speaks up.
“Then you don’t repeat my mistakes,” Bruce utters. “If you want the guy, you want the guy.”
“Tony,” Steve tries still gently. “The water is freezing.”
Steve jerks his head up. “You know about—”
At the beginning he thought that maybe he was projecting the connection he had with Bucky onto what he could build with Tony. Steve had been so fucking lonely back then. So lost. But he quickly realized that it wasn’t just friendship he longed for. Steve wanted it all. He wanted more. And he wanted it with precisely this Tony he met shortly after he came out of ice. This arrogant, self-absorbed, yet brilliant human being. Not the one he lost a few days ago. No. He fell in love with this man a long time ago. And he’s kept on loving him for all these years. Even if Tony challenged him practically every single day. Even after he created a bloodthirsty intelligence out of his fears. And even when Steve left Tony long seven years ago in this very house so Tony could have a particle of a normal life.
Not thinking much, he uses the device next to the door, putting his palm on it. The scanner quickly reads his fingerprints and then a ray of blue light sweeps his face, announcing with cheerful sound and a green hue that it recognizes him.
Steve snorts a weak laugh and takes another breath before he says, “Okay, so to come clean— There was a moment. When we went back.”
“Geez, I got it the first time,” he huffs but she’s already disconnected.
She nods and adds, “That’s why a part of me hoped that it wasn't him. Is that horrible?”
Tony turns swiftly and smiles annoyingly bright. “No, you don’t.”
Probability is really a very strange thing; he thinks and huffs a soft laugh as he moves his hands up Steve’s back and tangles his fingers into long strands of Steve’s hair. He gently nudges the man. Steve looks confused as he lifts his head up, searching Tony’s eyes.
“I know everything,” he confesses, not wanting to wait any longer. “Steve told me some of it, and then I learned a few things on my own.”
“Yeah, okay,” Tony echoes and steps in even closer.
“Hey, we’re the same age, right?”
“Uncle Steve!” Morgan whines and she throws herself dramatically over the countertop. “It’s awfully long!”
“The other me knew that I was never going to be exactly like him. You agree with that, yes?” Tony proposes, waving a hand at Steve to prod him into agreeing. When the man nods shortly, now fully focused on Tony, he continues, “And you were right, thinking he wanted a normal life for new-him, who is me.” He points at himself and takes a deep breath before he adds, “But I think you failed to understand that I got to choose how this normal life is going to look like and how I’m going to spend it. Not him. Not you. Not even Pepper. But
“Only if I have to,” the AI says with a smile somehow heard in her voice.
“FRIDAY, can you please rewind it?” he says decisively. “Slowly, frame by frame.”
“Should I see her?”
He feels more than sees that she shrugs. Holding a hand, she presses it to the glass. The surface warms under her palm that in perspective covers Tony’s silhouette outlined under the sheets.
Tony watches as he trails down the steps to the living area. Steve leans against the back of the couch for support and pinches the bridge of his nose, looking like he’s going to collapse from exhaustion any minute now. Wasn’t the guy supposed to be inhumanly durable? That’s kind of disappointing—
“I hate you,” he says but without any heat behind it.
“I’m sorry that I ruined everything,” Steve gives out, choking on tears. “Then and now. I’m sorr—”
“That’s—” Steve starts, smiling softly when suddenly FRIDAY speaks up.
“Tony, what was she talking about?” Steve interrupts.
“Just adjusting,” Steve is only able to whisper.
“I don’t believe in that,” he finally speaks up. “And I won’t let you go until you really convince me that that is true.”
Tony confesses, poking a finger at his chest.
“You weren’t only in the hospital though,” Tony points out. “You were already present when I called so whatever it was meant to happen or the whole thing was some strange, complicated clash of right coincidences, it led us up to his moment.”
“But please let me know if it becomes so,” Steve asks seriously.
With that thought he crosses the living room and aims for the back of the house. He already hears a clatter and strangely similar low sound that for a second causes all sorts of emotions to roll throughout his body in rapid waves, until he enters the kitchen and abruptly stops.
She takes another breath, observing him carefully. She’s clearly deciding on something when her eyes roam toward his face. And again, there is the look but it’s a little bit different this time. There are some other feelings underlying it. There is a tiny bit of sadness and regret in there like whatever she’s looking for in him is not there. And it feels more painful than he thought it would. But then Pepper moves and comes closer. She stands in between his parted legs and suddenly takes his face into her warm hands.
Steve smiles bitterly. “We both know that’s lost for me.”
He jerks his head up, meeting a steady and warm gaze. Maria crouches next to his seat, looking at him with so much worry that he can’t seem to recall he has ever seen something like that on her.
The layout is kind of similar. Kind of. A short hall quickly expands into a vast living area with a huge couch in the middle, but it faces the unlimited view of the ocean which now slowly swallows the sun. Its warm haze that changes from pink to orange lays its soft cast over the interiors; the never-ending shelves with books, modern yet cozy fireplace and a set of guitars display at the opposite wall.  There are a lot of trinkets and photos on the shelves that look more like Pepper would choose them than him. The velour couch seems to be well-loved. The fireplace is frequently used.
So now it’s been two weeks since they came here and they are all sitting in the kitchen, trading stories and anecdotes for pizza slices. There is beer too and a bit of good old laughter. Even Steve seemed to be at ease. He has been relaxing more and more into that new standby-Cap mode with each passing day. And he
It’s not because Tony has a wife and a kid (because-they-are-not-his) or that he might not be staying here for long. It’s rather because Steve seems to be completely immune to Tony’s charms. And it also feels like Rogers radiates guilt. Could it be connected to the other Tony? Maybe Steve banged Pepper at some point? The thought is as hot as disturbing—
“What? An Avengers’ reality TV show?” Rhodey snorts.
Steve looks quickly over his shoulder, also spotting Thor. He rolls his eyes and locks his disapproving gaze on Tony.
“FRIDAY,” Tony warns her. “Do as I say.”
,” she whimpers. “I can’t take him home like that.”
“Who was right?”
“But?” Tony sounds serious.
“Soon,” Pepper confirms.
Tony looks at Steve quickly and sees how shaken the man is. Steve is trying to hold himself together, but he starts to slowly crumble under the impetuous roll of his emotions. Tony can recognize this now without missing a beat. He knows Steve. It might also be some kind of muscle memory, but he just knows this stuff about him, so he reaches for Steve’s hand and tangles their fingers together. It seems to work because Steve is able to snap out of it. He looks down at their hands and back at Tony, pressing a weak smile to his lips.
“I did! I swear! But—” He tries to move further away. “But this really attractive nurse asked me to sign her exceptionally well-     defined decolletage as Iron Man and it got me thinking. Besides, it’s better that I learned I’m a married man before I asked her for her num—hey!”
Tony snorts, shaking his head, and moves to the waterline with purposeful strides. Steve swiftly stands up. He’s always taken aback by how quickly Tony can move and think when he puts his brain to it. Sometimes he wonders if Howard injected his son with a few drops of the serum because what Steve can see is how Tony quickly runs against the waves to dive into them in one, smooth motion.
Steve not only feels numb now, but he also seems to be expanding to the extreme limits, afraid that he might finally burst. Especially since he doesn't even know how to feel anymore. What is he supposed to do? Should he be happy? Scared? Excited or indignant?
Steve holds his head up and turns to search the crowd. He still isn’t sure what he’s doing here. He’s been wondering about that for the past couple of weeks during which he accompanied Tony to these sorts of events and gatherings. Steve always agreed on it, because Tony had insisted, but he still doesn’t know why.
The words resound in the space of a living room that doesn’t belong to Steve. It’s a foreign space and yet somehow familiar because everything around this house has a touch of Tony’s presence. So, Steve breathes in, and he still can feel him. His scent. His vibrations even. Especially when Tony in the recording stands up and comes closer. Smiling again, he winks at Steve like nothing has happened. He’s the same devil-may-care man he was when they first met. The same person who later surprised Steve by sacrificing himself for everyone and everything without a single question or a doubt over and over again. But more importantly he is a being that’s breathing and alive. Just for a moment. For another second. For a…
“Oh, trust me, you really do right now. You probably know when Steve was here last time,” Tony starts, propping himself on the bed’s headboard. He makes a swiping gesture in the air and a holoscreen appears in front of him.
“Yes, boss,” the AI whispers smoothly in his ears and connects him.
“Tony,” Steve presses through clenched teeth. “You have a wife!”
Pepper closes her mouth and opens it again, wanting to say something, but like Steve, she is unable to comprehend what’s happening.
“—Tony, it’s not what I meant,” Steve says, holding up abruptly.
“For sure not after the snap,” Steve wonders aloud as he takes another drag of his beer. “And we’ve been on the run for two years so not much to celebrate at that time either.”
“You talk with Bruce about us?” Steve cuts in.
“Know?” She rolls her eyes. “Oh please.”
“You know what,” Steve breathes out heavily but Tony only frowns with confusion, so he adds, “Us. Like this.”
“What?” Tony asks as he pushes on the door and looks back at startled Steve. “It might be a few years but I’m still a genius.”
“What now? There is
“He doesn’t remember, or he didn’t have a chance to live through it,” Bruce provides.
And when Tony meets her eyes again, he instantly sees her realization. The annoyance is momentarily gone. Instead, there is this softness in her gaze he has never seen before. It feels private. It’s probably something that other versions of himself are used to, but right now it feels like a novelty. And it’s nothing strange or awkward. Pepper is a beautiful woman. The time that passed since the last time he saw her had only left a gentle mark. And it bestowed upon her even more grace and ephemeral charm. She hasn’t lost her wit and sharp mind either. The spark of it is still burning in her eyes. So, no, it’s not strange. It’s a huge privilege. She looks at him with care and understanding. She looks at him like he means something to her. Even if he doesn’t. Not yet at least. And even if he has done nothing to deserve it. Well, not him.
“Then at what?” Tony presses. “I might not be the one with whom you shared a life, but I know you enough to tell when you’re holding on to something.”
“You want me to stay with Tony?” Steve naively tries.
And as an indication of his words, he opens the buckle. He doesn’t let his gaze leave Tony’s eyes even for a second. They are dark now. Steve can see the burning desire in them. The need. The overpowering urges. And he can’t believe that someone can feel like that about him. He can’t believe that he belongs.
And Steve is all for that because of course, he feels responsible, and he wants to ease the effects of their decision as much as possible, but he also starts to feel unbearably tired. The constant fight that happens in his head between reason and feelings is exhausting. He doesn’t know how he could do this before. How the hell did he survive that before? Or maybe that's it? Maybe that's his mistake? Before he gave in to this weakness, broke all his rules, and embraced something that should be well-hidden and forgotten?
Tony gives him a strained smile and starts to explain, “I saw you standing at the bar after the official part. You were as far from other people as possible, and you looked so crazy worn out. I mean, you kicked ass at that dinner without actually kicking ass. Man, the way you put that petulant conservative senator in his place? Epic.”
“Yet here I am,” Tony snorts a laugh. “And clearly I’m not the only one who was brought back from the dead.”
story because they hit it off from the start even if the guy’s green and huge. But they just speak the same language and Tony instantly feels like he’s known Bruce for ages. And it must be true because there is a whole laboratory built one floor below his workshop. It’s clearly set up for Bruce with all the equipment done to match his needs. They spent almost the whole first night there, talking theories and plans for what they have to do to figure out this whole time travel mess up. Bruce is also the only one who’s able to properly explain to Tony what really went down with the Blip, bringing people back and Thanos. And Tony maybe should be concerned, but somehow the only thing he feels is just pure excitement.
“Your phone,” He gives the device to Tony. “It might help with getting information as I know you’ll start to look as soon as you hit your workshop.”
means he trusted you with something that’s far more important than his life. And we’ll involve Bruce.”
Tony looks at him annoyed. “Pepper sent me off to the airport. I remember we talked about your birthday before I left, yes? Maybe?”
“Potts, what the fuck is going on?” a well-known voice that matches a well-known face resounds through the room.
here.”
“Well, thank you, Spiderling,” Tony snorts a short laugh and pats Peter’s back reassuringly.
It mostly has nothing to do with his company but the fact that Steve is uptight and almost non-communicative doesn’t help much. Tony gets that the guy tries his best to adapt to the given situation. He also gets that Rogers probably takes on himself far too much. That’s clear by the way he gets more and more upset as he ingests the chaos they drive through on the way to Malibu.
Steve waits for the suit to uncover his face and when he can finally see it, he comes closer. “Where the hell have you been? I’ve called you at least a hundred times.”
“He doesn’t want Captain Rogers to know,” Nebula provides.
Tony’s smile widens as he says surprisingly calmly, “Maria’s a resourceful woman, so I’m sure she’s going to satisfy your appetite for
“You don’t have to be so modest, Captain.” She comes closer to him and the bar, leaning over to speak in a conspiratorial voice, “I know that when Stark decides to keep someone so close, the person must be entrancing enough to keep his attention.”
“Easy there, soldier,” Tony murmurs, stopping Steve with a hand.
“Shit,” Steve says under his breath and turns to the bar again. He catches the bartender’s gaze and when she comes up to him, he says, “One club soda.”
The demigod actually listens. He puts Tony down, but he pats him on the arm a few times like he wants to make sure that Tony’s here.
“What?” he asks.
Why is he so afraid? Why is the thought of having a family so frightening? Is it because he never really had one?
“If you think that I don’t know what you’re doing here, you’re wrong,” Steve only says and gives him a half-smile. And then after a bit, he says softly, “It’s okay to be scared by this, Tony.”
“Yeah, right,” he grunts and pats Steve’s chest with the back of his hand with a silent gesture for him to move.
Normally, if they were back in Tony’s time, this ten-plus years ago, Tony would be perfectly happy to be cooped up at his house with Captain America whose mission in life is to make him feel better. But now? It doesn’t feel like a pleasant experience.
“Celestial,” Bruce says suddenly.
“An incoming call,” she whispers almost at the same time as FRIDAY announces, “There is a visual connection coming from UCLA Medical Center. Should I answer it, boss?”
“And that’s why you flew to Whole Foods?”
The man only gives him a daring look and lets his slacks fall.
A cold feeling spreads throughout his body. Steve knows it’s not because of the water. It’s the numbness again. The fear. The realization of how much and how many people he failed. Not only now. Not only in the past few weeks. Not even in the past few months but maybe even through the years. Because if he wasn’t so stupid and so selfish all those years ago maybe none of this would have happened. He would never have fought with Tony in the first place and act on his egotistic feelings later. He would have never left Tony behind after, and they would never have split up the Avengers. Hell, they would have even defeated Thanos the first time around. So, it’s all his fault. It’s all on him. All on the fact that he did something similar all those years ago. And he hates himself for it. He hates these feelings he has. And this very moment he also hates Tony for that.
She’s probably plotting a master plan with Fury. They discuss how to keep all of this under wraps for now. After all, it's only been a few days since the world heard about the battle that smashed at least half of New York State and led to the sudden appearance of lost souls. A battle that took Tony Stark’s life and made him a new international hero, a symbol and an icon. That is one hell of a pair of shoes to fill. Steve can admit it’s a fucked-up position to be in, pardon his language. The short-term solution is to try and hide Tony from all that until his memories come back, or they sort out whatever has happened to him.
“It could have been me,” Tony says firmly.
Steve rubs his cheek into Tony’s warm palm, closing his eyes. And for a moment he can’t take it. He can’t believe that this is true. That this is happening. That this is
“Wow,” Tony repeats, running his fingers through Steve’s hair. “That. Fuck. It was—”
He clears his throat and quickly puts the t-shirt on. “Sorry.”
“The one and— Yeah, it’s me,” he huffs into the intercom and adds before she can cut in, “Are you free in like a—minute? Can you meet me downstairs behind that lovely wisteria tree that goes up the north wall?”
Steve takes another shuddered breath and starts to talk. It should be like any other story he’s told Tony before but this time it’s clear Steve tries to be precise and not opinionated. He doesn’t give much of his own comments or his own thoughts. He gives facts. And he tries to be as honest about them as he can, explaining the situation not only from his point of view but also from Tony’s and others. And never, not even for a second, do his eyes leave Tony’s during his tale. Even though it’s clearly difficult for him. Even though some parts are causing him pain. Even though from time to time he needs to stop and take another heavy breath.
“That’s been one of the first things I checked,” Tony says in lieu of an explanation. “When I sent you to bed the first night, I really went downstairs to look over all these things that might vary from my timeline.”
“I’m saying that this is the first time his life can be only his,” Bruce adds stubbornly. “And that no one even cared to ask him what he wants to do with it, so he’s just—”
Anyway, Tony tries not to think about that, but he realizes that jumping on a bone called “Steve Rogers” doesn’t seem like the best idea under given circumstances. And okay, he might be the king of acting on stupid ideas but even this one is out of his league. Besides, he wants to know what happened and try to discover which direction to go. Should he stay in this world? Should he try to go back? And who the fuck brought him here? Thus, he doesn’t need distractions, he thinks and suddenly he sees a house at the top of the hill they had been climbing.
“Yep,” she agrees with a nod.
“Careful or you might run out of bad words,” Tony warns him.
Steve looks over his shoulder, smiling. “Or he’s just aware that you’ll take his suit again if he allows Morgan to play with it.”
His eyes are a cause of concern now. He strokes Steve’s cheek with the back of his fingers, swallowing hard.
too much. Impossible. Crazy. Yes. That’s crazy. It’s crazy because just like that Steve
“This scar might be—” Steve starts and closes his eyes. “—might be from the time you almost kicked my ass in Siberia.”
But Tony only chases his lips with a smile and says, “Shh, no talking.”
“But do you know everything?” Steve’s question is so quiet it borders on silence when he adds, “Do you know who—”
“FRIDAY,” groaning into the pillow, he makes a swift decision and gets up. “Time, please?”
“Then my answer is yes,” Steve says.
“Yeah, that one.” Tony smiles softly.
Steve smirks, opening the zipper slowly. “You once told me that everything special about me came out of a bottle.”
He squeezes Steve’s shoulder one more time and to his utmost regret, he finally lets it go. It’s a nice shoulder, okay? It’s warm and solid under his hand and he knows it would feel great wrapped around any part of Tony’s body. But that’s out of his reach. Besides, Cap is really smashed.
“You pervert,” Tony whispers to Rhodey, smiling at him from over the rim of his glass.
Steve looks back at Pepper with a silent question and sees that it’s not only his imagination. She feels that too.
,” Tony presses on the last two words. “You can join me, or you can stay here and pretend that you don’t want to.”
“But you deserve the best,” he adds with a tender smile.
Tony turns on his heel to look accusingly at Steve. “Don’t tell me. It’s another long story, right?”
“Why didn’t he tried to have more? Why the hell he—” Tony’s voice breaks as he speaks louder so he presses through lips, “Why he didn’t fight for more?”
It took them a good ten minutes to convince maybe-Tony (wannabe-Tony? new Tony?), that it’s going to be better to talk in person. Not getting into details, because obviously they didn’t know any and couldn’t even comprehend what was going on, they promised to rescue him from the current location if he’d swear to wait for them just a tiny bit longer. And they both knew that this Tony might look slightly different, and he might not recall the last fifteen years, but a Tony he was. Which meant it was safe to assume that he didn’t magically develop a habit of just patiently waiting for problems to be solved. In other words — they didn’t have much time to spare.
Tony winces. “Yes, kind of, maybe?”
“That’s not enough,” he says aloud and then louder to FRIDAY, “Who encrypted the rest of the footage?”
Tony’s lip corners twitch as he tries not to smile when he says, “Scary, but fair. And I bet you already have a plan?”
“Like a rebirth,” Steve whispers and looks at Tony.
“God, that smells good,” Steve says, inhaling with satisfaction when the aroma of freshly prepared dishes wafts toward them. “How do you know of these places?”
Bata by -
“Good? Bad?” Steve teases, leaving soft kisses at the heated skin of Tony’s abdomen. “In between?”
He feels anger boils under his skin and of course he’s going to act on it. That’s his setup. When emotions fly high, he does something stupid. He’s Tony Stark after all.
“And what if I decide I don’t want to be a father?” he challenges.
“Don’t tell me you don’t see that his current life mission is to get you back with your family,” Bruce says but then he stops and drops his gaze on the ice cream. “Besides you were always close.”
“I can drink to that,” Rhodey easily agrees, taking his flute.
“My kind,” Steve says bitterly. “And here I thought that’s what people say about journalists and how one never can lower one’s guard around them.”
“You’re even warmer,” he concludes, fascinated, and adds quietly, “You’re like a human radiator.”
Steve looks at him hopefully. “Is this possible? Could he really time travelled here?”
surprise.
“Jesus,” Tony squeezes.
“Ee—excuse me?” Steve stutters, trying to make sense of her words.
“Possible, yes,” Bruce confirms. “But why? And, what’s more important, how? Why doesn’t he remember doing it?”
“Where are they?” Steve asks the AI. “Did something happen to them?”
Morgan freezes at that momentarily as she sees how both men abruptly change their demeanor.  Tony takes her in his arms and looks over his shoulder at Steve and sees that he is ready and alarmed.
Is it because he thinks the kid might not like him? Or is it because he thinks he’s going to be as shitty a father as his own was to him?
“—nice.” Tony finishes for him. “It is nice, isn’t it? Not weird?”
Bruce puts the ice cream down and for a moment he tries to look for words, finally saying only, “Fuck.”
“That’s not even half of it, right?” He moves the finger between them, announcing, “You and me? We are married. How about
“Good, very good.” Tony smiles openly and starts to spell out his plan.
“You can always go back to it once you try to sleep for a bit,” Pepper tries for a bargain that sounds like one meant to convince a five-year-old.
He turns to the shore, cuts through the waves and once he’s on dry land he quickly puts back his clothes on as fast as he can with his wet body.
Steve wants to move. He
Steve stays very still. He puts his box on the bag in front of him, observing how Tony dips a piece of bread in rich gravy and puts it into his mouth with a groan that’s borderline obscene. And for a second Steve’s thoughts sidetrack. He can only focus on how Tony licks the grease from his lips. How he closes his eyes, savoring the sensation of the first bite. How he smiles, easy and content when he glances up.
And Tony can’t help but laugh. They are seated in this dim room. There is a vast sky just outside the windows. The view’s so overpowering that it almost feels like it crawls into their room. It envelopes them into the silver illumination of a full moon, hanging low on the horizon. And it’s just ironic how the setting matches everything they talk about. They are here, inside, small and fragile. The magnitude of the universe is just outside their windows, overwhelming and distant. And yet they both know what’s there, beyond this organized chaos. And because they suffered through the worst, they are not afraid of it anymore. So Tony laughs. It’s still a little desperate and still a little bit strained, but he doesn’t feel like falling anymore. He feels enclosed and safe. And he knows that’s the effect Steve has on him.
He suddenly stands up. To Steve’s surprise, he tugs at his shirt, pulling it out of his pants. Tony’s fingers run through the buttons, undoing them quickly and revealing tanned skin. It’s still so strange to see that Tony’s chest is free from the scars of his past when he shrugs off the fabric and tosses it into the sand.
Steve swiftly glances at Clint who stays quiet and says carefully, “Thor, I want you to travel to Vormir in our time.”
It’s so different from how Steve feels that it’s almost unreal. Because maybe for the first time in many years Steve is absolutely and utterly calm. And the reality of this hits him especially hard in this very moment when he can just lay here with Tony, talk about nothing and enjoy a moment of peace and quiet that isn’t going to be interrupted. He has no place to be or an errand to run. No mission. Nothing. Completely nothing.
“Are you saying that he does everything for my sake?” Tony mutters, afraid to speak louder.
“—then Peter said that he’s going to build me a swing from his web, but I can’t do it myself because I’m too
He sees Morgan seated at the kitchen island and Steve working at the stove while she tells him some elaborate story, gesticulating and modulating her voice. She takes a deep breath and doesn’t stop even when Tony comes closer.
“Maybe it was an accident?” Steve proposes calmly. “Bruce thinks that
“I’m sure there is some that isn’t,” he says and lets the other information sink in. “Show me.”
“Shit,” Bruce says, the ice cream forgotten. “Why didn’t you say something before?”
him. They just want to genuinely spend time with him, check on how he’s doing and maybe help him to rediscover his past too. It’s nice. It’s also so different then all the galas, events and presentations he had pushed through in his former life. There, he had to be aware all the time, not knowing from which side the blow might come. Here he feels assured. He feels like he belongs. He’s safe with these people. And it really doesn’t matter that some of them are an animated racoon, a blue cyborg or an annoying spaceship captain that acts like a frat boy.
Little visualisation for the epilogue to thank you all for your wonderful comments and all the kudos! (I promise I'll reply to all of them! They are my fuel and my light in the dark tunel. No kidding!<3)
“It’s unfair,” the girl protests, dodging another kiss. “I want to have my own suit too! A blue one, like mommy!”
“He doesn’t know that you are though,” Steve says simply. “No one knows. Except for me and Pepper and two former spies who will help us to manage the situation for now.”
“Can you stop saying I’m dead?” Tony huffs an angry laugh. “Also, she isn’t my daughter.”
He feels a sharp stab in his chest. It’s panic. He recognizes it now. It starts in the same way it did yesterday. There is the feeling of someone trying to grab his insides and just ripping them out together with the air from his lungs. His heart is rushing. His vision is blurry. He can’t breathe. And this time there is no one around to help him. There is no steady voice to guide him back on the surface. There is no warm touch to ground him. There are no blue eyes that he’s going to see when he opens his.
“Oh, geez, please don’t tell me you banged my father.” Tony winces.
He reaches for the belt buckle but Tony’s faster. He covers Steve’s fingers with his own, stopping him.
“Tony, don—” Steve starts to protest.
“Why would you run out of—” Tony starts again but seeing Bruce’s serious face, he collects himself. “It’s not going to work between us. I’m not the same. I’ll never be the same.”
“Fine, okay,” Tony agrees, nodding and biting his lower lip as he looks to the side at the black surface of the ocean. “The first night we went out. What was that? The dinner at the governor’s office, right?”
famous Captain America that Steve probably only shows to a few people on this planet. For example, the guy has as much snark as Tony (if not more) and that’s an achievement. But there is this whole dry wit mixed with a commitment to everything Steve does (even burning dinner) that Tony totally digs. He also doesn’t take any of Tony’s shit and that’s just fucking sexy. So yeah, Steve’s hot. His ass is delicious. The beard starts to be a thing too. And what’s more disturbing is that this hotness is far beyond his looks. They are the cherry on top, of course. Certainly, they don’t interrupt. Especially when they sit together in Tony’s workshop deep into the night. Tony’s working on the next suit, learning all the ins and outs of his designs, while Steve tells him stories upon stories of their journey. Sometimes Bruce joins them and tells his versions. Sometimes Rhodey comes in too. But most of the time it’s just the two of them, soft music and the beeping of DUM-E or U trying to help Tony at his work.
Steve snorts a short laugh but he obeys. He props himself up and sits on the bed’s edge, blindly pushing off his bag and clothes that got in his way.
“Who is unbelievable now?” Tony notices, still giggling.
“Pepper isn’t here.” Tony shrugs, stuffing his mouth with more food.
“Peter is a surprisingly smart guy,” Tony cuts in as he leans to kiss her at the top of her head.
“But all the other people who returned looked and felt exactly like they did before the Blip,” Tony concludes. “Also, you told me that to time travel you had to have the GPS and the suit but everything you took from the past, even your clothes, came back with you.”
“Oh, come on, don’t be a sourpatch like Rhodey here.” Tony pats his friend on the shoulder, ignoring how the man just shrugs his hand disapprovingly. “You’ll get wrinkles like him.”
Maybe because of that he doesn’t feel the first touch. He reacts only when Pepper sits next to him, rapidly sitting upright.
Bruce digs in the ice cream for a few seconds, clearly leading some kind of battle in his head. Tony doesn’t press. He might not know the guy for long, but he knows and feels enough to get that this conversation is already the longest one that Bruce might have with anyone on that subject. So, Tony waits and sees how Bruce’s jaw clenches when he clearly tries to hold on to words. How he’s lost for a moment and not even one of his degrees, nothing from what he experienced and learned, can help him to conquer all these emotions. Grief. Loss. Disappointment.
Steve nods slowly, locking his eyes with Tony’s and suddenly he makes a weird face. His eyes go soft. There is a subtle smile that plays on his lips as he ducks his head but still holds his gaze, lingering on Tony’s features. And there is some kind of fondness there. It lasts just a moment but it’s enough for Tony to register. It does something strange to his insides.
“Oh?” she asks, disappointed. “Did I do something wrong?”
“How about we drink to reunions?”
, you know—”
“What? That’s crazy!” Tony rolls his eyes. “One needs to be drunk at least once in a lifetime.”
Steve only nods and continues, “I saw Peggy. She was just— I don’t know. She looked happy but somehow, I felt she wasn’t in a good place. And I thought that maybe—” The stops for a moment to calm his mind and adds, “I thought that maybe I could find a spot in time where I could go back to, and I’ll try to fix everything. The crash, me losing my life and her losing someone she loved. In this way maybe I could even erase some pain from your life too. Because you know, I could prevent your parents from getting killed. Or at least influence it maybe in a way. I don’t know— It sounds stupid now.”
calms down. Tony can feel it under his palms. He moves them gently on the man’s back, never stopping.
Steve just gives him
“For Christ’s sake, Tony,” he huffs, annoyed. “Do you understand the concept of closed doors?”
There aren't a lot of them, maybe a handful, and from the thumbnails, it looks like all of them were recorded by the security cameras from around the house, after the sunset, and with a minimum of light. It’s clear that they didn’t want to be seen for Steve’s sake and him being on the wrong side of the law. Or—
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tell me,” Tony says with a harsh voice.
“But it doesn’t make it any less heartbreaking that she can’t enjoy it,” Bruce whispers and there is a moment when his eyes glister before he collects himself quickly. “I’ve been thinking—” he starts again but then suddenly stops himself.
“Well, it wouldn’t work because the time would just branch out but you might not have known this so, why didn't you do it?” Tony asks quietly.
Rhodey and Bruce came to visit the same evening. After the Quinjet landed in a hangar below the house, they quickly became only the second novelty of the day. The Quinjet came by first but only because Tony could gloat about how good he is at what he does.
“I found her when I was looking for someone else,” Wanda explains matter-of-factly. “She was stuck between worlds.”
far away place. But it doesn’t mean he’s done with his creative work. Especially if he can plot and plan with Morgan tacked to his side and Steve on the other end of bed reading a paper just like this morning—
“I’m sorry—” he mumbles shakily into Tony’s skin on repeat. “I’m so sorry, Tony. I’m—”
,” he says smoothly with the hint of a smile on his lips, looking straight at Steve.
“Yeah, but—”
“Here,” he points out and brushes the spot softly. “There was one here.”
“This is what we’re going to do,” Tony proposes carefully, poking a finger in Steve’s chest. “You’ll go upstairs—”
“Yes what?”
“Who did this?” he asks and quickly follows, “No, don’t answer that. I know it was me. I think.”
“She went back to the East Coast,” Steve says, stretching on the chair and trying to move his head from side to side with a grimace of pain as he adds casually, “We decided that it’s better if you stay at the Malibu house and lay low while I try to help you with—”
“So do you think it was more like Jesus or rather something along the lines of what Buddha does?” he asks and sees that Steve looks up at him with bewilderment. “Or maybe something new? I like to be a progenitor of all new and strange things.”
-hurts. All these emotions, these boiled up, pushed back and hidden thoughts come out now. And he feels them on his chest, on his shoulders, pressing him to the ground. And he thinks of how the other version of him coped with that. Because he must have felt the same. He must have been afraid too.
“Yep,” Tony confirms, “Missing how many years of my life exactly?"
“A red Buick is approaching the house, Boss,” the AI says calmly. “I’ll run the plates.”
So why is he so angry right now? Because he’s afraid that he’ll never be someone important to this version of Tony? Because there is no time for that? And why does he even think about it? This, his feelings… They are irrelevant. It’s Morgan’s life that’s essential to keep intact. He needs to do everything in his power to give her father back. And he needs to try to give Pepper another chance with Tony. Steve’s sure that’s what Tony would have wanted.
“Ok, alright.” Steve holds his hands up in surrender. “But you can still teach me, right?”
He takes another shuddered breath, discovering that he doesn't even feel embarrassed. At least not in front of Pepper. Maybe if it had been anyone else, he wouldn’t let himself be swept away by his sorrow.
Bruce snorts, turning so he can meet Tony’s gaze. “Pepper had basically a whole life built with the other guy, right? She had all these experiences and histories. All these memories. While Steve had what? A few moments? Maybe not even that.
“Thank God, for me and my foresight,” Tony huffs and means it as a joke but Steve senses real relief hiding in his gaze as he asks suddenly, “Do you regret that you didn’t go?”
“But I know you’re going to think about it.”
He finally opens his eyes and looks around. The fear is still there. It might never go away. But at least he knows what is causing it. So, he moves and stands up. His legs are shaking but he still speaks to his intercom:
This is the reason Steve tries to focus on the task at hand. His plan of reuniting Tony and his family isn’t going exactly as smoothly as he’d like, but progress has been made. Tony’s back on his feet. Mostly. They are still both at Malibu mansion, but Tony speaks with Pepper constantly. From what Steve knows, these conversations are on how to help overcome the overall disarray, but it’s a good start for finding their connection again. It started that way the first time around, right?
He wants to move but Tony is faster. He presses his palm into Steve's chest, just above his heart.
Pepper smiles knowingly and then aims below the belt when she evokes, “As far as I recall, only you got a message from Tony, and
Steve frowns, unimpressed. “Technicality, I’m 105 years old.”
“Yep, yeah,” Tony agrees but he already starts to play with the phone, waving to Captain almost unconsciously as he says louder, “FRIDAY, lead me to the playground.”
And that suddenly strikes Steve like lightning. All the words he prepared for a contra attack die down on his lips when he looks at Tony and smiles sadly with a huff.
There is one thing they all agree on though. Morgan is this active because she’s testing the terrain. She checks what she can do and how much her kind-of-new-but-old daddy is going to allow her or how much she can extort from her uncle who still tries really hard to not feel guilty about the whole situation. And so, she goes to bed late and she wakes them up early. It’s hard for her to focus on school and homework because of course, all she wants is to just have fun and eat popsicles. And Tony loves it. He really does. He didn’t suspect that he’s going to like having a kid so much. Judging from the life he had just a few months ago, he never thought that he was going to feel this lucky in this kind of situation. Yet again it all feels like he works on muscle memory, because he clearly knows all these feelings. From the moment he met Morgan he knew that she was the most precious thing to him and that he needed to protect her at all costs. Like suddenly some forgotten update in his brain finally installed. He still doesn’t remember. It’s impossible to remember a life that he didn’t have but he
to me.”
He doesn’t want to hear if Tony calls after him (he does), and he doesn’t want to see if he’s being chased after (he isn’t), so he just shuts himself down, and doesn’t turn back. And like the selfish coward that he is, he runs. Just like Tony said he would.
“I’m afraid JARVIS is unavailable,” speaks a woman’s voice. “It’s FRIDAY here, boss. And I’m happy to inform you that your workshop hasn’t moved from its downstairs location since your last visit.”
Tony sees through the window of their rented SUV that the world seems to dip in true disorder. And not in a funny way. The traffic jams are far more intense than he remembered. People seem to be behaving with confusion and like they are in frenzy, often breaking driving regulations while clearly police don't have enough resources to keep track of them. Because of it, he barely registers how the surroundings have changed and how the area gives a completely different vibe. Barely is an operative word here. He still spots a few new buildings here and there, cars that look cooler and are finally running on electricity, or the overall jump in tech that seems to be accessible to everyone. If he wouldn’t have believed that he’s in the future before, he would certainly believe it now.
“Where’s Pepper?” he asks, even more annoyed. “I’m sure we have at least one million things to discuss.”
“Off the record?” Tony smirks. “Ask away.”
Steve also knows that they didn’t decide on how to introduce Tony to Morgan, but that’s also okay because it’s a huge step. The biggest one, really. So, Steve isn’t surprised that they take their time with that. But even if that’s still a work in progress, he thinks he did his job there too. Morgan has two parents again. It’ll work out eventually.
“About what?”
“What?” Tony asks, with an amused expression.
“Yeah,” he huffs. “Something like that.”
“Thank God,” Tony huffs with exaggerated relief.
Tony hovers above him, staying close. He’s settled on his side, resting his chin on one of his hands as he gently traces patterns on Steve’s skin. For a few minutes now, he tries to prove that he can see some of Steve’s scars. He already found four to prove it.
“How can I? I met you like—” Tony makes a show from looking at the non-existent watch. “—a few hours ago?”
Tony suddenly stops and says, “FRIDAY?”
“Well, they are simpler to manage that way.” Tony grins, shrugging. “Besides, that’s more of a scientific experiment. Bruce, are you in? I’d ask you to also get drunk with Rogers, but there might not be enough alcohol in my cellar for that”
“That’s right,” Steve agrees. “You and me, we changed clothes when we traveled further back to the '70s, and we came back dressed in them.”
“Don’t ruin the moment,” Tony argues lightly, and he reaches for Steve so quickly that Steve is hardly able to react. “I need to see what else the serum can do.”
He's being tangled in a familiar web of action and reaction. The distraction, the sudden rush of adrenaline — it’s comfortable and easy. Surprisingly, it’s far easier than admitting that Pepper and Steve are both lost, and they don’t have the slightest clue what’s happening or how they should take it. Hell, even Fury is speechless.
“Are you giving me free rein over your fate then?” Tony asks, suddenly all interested. He pretends to take a second to think, tapping his finger on his mouth but before Steve can say anything he adds swiftly, “Okay, I’m game. Gimme all you have.”
“No,” Steve rushes with an answer and on impulse turns her to hold her arms, squeezing them gently as he says, “Pepper, you have a right to think and feel whatever you want. And above all, you want to protect Morgan.”
Bruce shrugs lightly and nods a few times in acknowledgment of Tony’s words. And that’s it. Just like that. Tony knows what to do. He needs to give Steve a life. A normal one. One that isn’t a war.
“Here we go, Tony and his wisdom,” Rhodey murmurs.
Mantis nods enthusiastically and her cute antennae glow brighter. “There’s this really tingling feeling I also used to get from Quill just before he took Gamora at the back—”
be like that. Tony should get on with his life. He shouldn’t babysit Steve who detests these sorts of gatherings. Steve shouldn’t hold him back. He wants some of Tony’s time. He wants Tony’s attention. He knows he can’t have it all. He knows he can’t even wish to have it in a way he had it for that short period all these years ago. This Tony didn’t come back for him. So no, Steve can’t wish for
Rhodey says that’s a waste on them because they won’t be able to tell the difference, but Tony doesn’t listen. His gaze follows Steve until the man disappears behind the layers of glass doors and walls. He can’t help but wonder why it feels like Steve knows the house better than him.
“Aren’t we all?” Steve suddenly says.
Pepper laughs shortly. “Oh, I definitely did. There were a lot of presents and dates involved. And a few buildings with my name on the lease.”
“Only sometimes,” Steve huffs.
Pepper nods, looking more and more concerned.
“What things?”
“Hi, Steve,” she says calmly.
,” Tony says under his breath and adds louder. “If it’s about the fact that my parents were killed by Hydra, then I know.”
“All the talk about being embarrassed in public where cameras can catch the said act gave me an idea,” Tony clarifies fast. “Steve, the doctor said that someone found me naked on the runway for private planes, right?”
to make this work. He just has to. But he still doesn’t understand so fucking much.
“You told me everything yourself when we reconnected,” she picks up after a moment and gives him a small smile. “You didn’t want to have secrets between us since you’re not even good at keeping them.”
“Like whom? Thor?” Tony grunts. “Or the kid that should be at school right now?”
“Ton—,” he starts, moving back slightly.
“Age jokes, really?” Steve looks instantly fully awake. “Do you think I’m not used to that?”
Steve nods decisively, smiling faintly. “Go on.”
“You’ll hear more,” Steve cuts in. “There are others in the house who’d like to meet you.”
“You look—” Natasha says slowly.
Nebula smirks. “She’s an empath. Sometimes useful.”
“She was right,” Steve starts, slowly realizing. “With the divorce and— Fuck.”
“Oh,” Steve only lets out. “Sorry, it’s just——All this, you know—” He makes a vague gesture with his hands and finally huffs, “It’s a lot.”
“Tony?” Steve asks, barely audible, but of course the system in the helmet is excellent, picking up and transferring his question.
“It’s that simple,” Steve echoes. “Do you trust me on that?”
____________________
“Doctor Banner is in his laboratory,” FRIDAY provides, not so helpfully.
“Morning, Rogers,” he says, not looking up but still adding mindlessly, “You aren’t Capsicle anymore. Don’t just sta—”
“I said that they look like they belong to a newborn,” Bruce corrects him.
Tony moves back upon hearing that. He doesn't even have to pretend to be taken by surprise. “How did—”
“Told you anything?” Tony finishes for him. “Yeah, right, so you can run? Like you want to run now?”
He also realizes he trusts Steve. He just does. It might be the same kind of inkling that happened with the suits. It’s like muscle memory. Or maybe more a genetic one? It doesn’t matter. What’s the matter is that when he listens and looks into these blue eyes filled with so many contradicting emotions, so much fear and guilt and sorrow, he finally gets it.
Steve laughs shortly, batting these incredible eyelashes of his as he firmly says, “No.”
“In my defense, I tried but you said that it needs to wait until everyone is gone,” Tony provides quickly.
“I’m starving, so where are we going today?” Tony asks as he turns to Steve and smiles brightly. “I think I'm up for Mexican, but I’m open for negotiation.”
“Muscle memory,” she says and takes a quick look at her watch. “I have to go back. Morgan is going to finish her breakfast soon and Happy can entertain her only for so long.”
“Sorry, Rhodey,” Steve says to a holoprojection standing in front of him a few minutes later and looks at the others, “Well, sorry to all of you. We just didn’t know what to do.”
To his surprise, Christine laughs. “If I knew you had such a sharp wit, I’d have had you on my show years ago.”
“Nothing,” Steve finally answers, smiling. “Carry on.”
He stands up adding only “Friday, some music, please” and tries to focus on a soft tune she plays from a playlist of his liking as he quickly goes through his morning routine and then tries to find any clothes that will fit him.
Tony’s face contorts a little at the memory. “You’re sure it was a panic attack? I’m not having these. I’m a very stable person. Maybe a bit chaotic sometimes but overall, I’m steady—” Tony snaps his fingers when he looks for a word and adds quickly, “Anchored! That’s the word.”
Tony props Steve’s chin up, wiping traces of moisture with his thumb. “I can’t really say until I repay the favor.”
He runs his palms up and down Steve’s back. The long and calm strokes are in total discord with the way Steve shakes in his arms with another wave of violent sobs.
“Shh,” Tony’s able to only say. “It’s okay, Steve. It’s all okay.”
He manages to steal one more kiss before Steve gathers enough strength and finally fully shifts back.
Tony huffs a shuddered breath and lowers his head, trying to take this in. After all, he just got dumped. He also realized that this was on his mind all this time. This unclear responsibility had been hanging over his head since he heard about Morgan and Pepper. And while it’s still there, he still needs and wants to take care of them. At least now he clearly knows the borders he can operate within. He finally knows where he stands. He starts to feel like he’s becoming whole again where this version of himself slowly comes to terms with the previous one.
Steve swiftly looks up. “Tony, you’re
“What I need,” Tony stresses the last word, “is for you to be well-rested and ready to introduce me to this brave, new world, tomorrow—”
“Aye, aye, Captain,” Tony responds and meets him halfway.
. But most importantly he failed Morgan.
And it looks like she’s starting to comprehend some details. She settles her hands on both sides of Tony’s arms, searching his features for information. He sees the understanding that slowly appears in her eyes.
Tony was driving back to Malibu as fast as he could. He’s happy that Steve decided not to take their car, but he also didn’t like the idea of the idiot going back to the mansion on his own while being so completely not himself.
“Easy, Cap,” he says instead. “You aren’t the youngest and we don’t want you twisting something.”
“Leaving Miss Everhart behind, what happened after that?” Steve dwells.
. Normal. Well,
Suddenly he remembers some very important words. He opens his eyes and looks back at Tony. He’s calm but anticipating, and willing to do whatever Steve needs right now. He’s sure the man won’t push. He’ll wait. For as long as it will take. But Steve remembers what Peggy once told him. She said that she regrets how he couldn’t live his life. She didn’t mean any specific one. Now he gets that. She just wanted him to have one. She wanted him to stop the never-ending circle of war and sacrifice. She wanted Steve to have something that’s his own. She was brave enough to have it. She moved on. And he finally understands that he should, and he can do this right now. With Tony. In their time.
“We have a four-year-old daughter.”
“They’re coming back from Voromir,” FRIDAY says and even her voice changes. “The message:
“Geez, she just looks for a cheap sensation because apparently, that’s what she does now.” Tony rolls his eyes. “And it’s clear she wears a massive chip on her shoulder called Avengers.”
Tony also can easily assume that the guy has flaws. Because who doesn’t? For example, the way he sleeps completely knocked down and borderline unconscious like he hasn’t slept for ages? But isn’t he supposed to be a super-soldier who is always ready for action? You know, the type who sees everything, hears even more? And at the top of that, he doesn’t have a sense of fashion whatsoever. Or self-presentation. He still wears the same white wrinkled shirt and black slacks from yesterday. All super plain and super boring. And he’s stubborn as hell. That much Tony could see yesterday when Captain bulldozed him with questions.
Bata by the most precious people -
“Yeah, but—” Steve takes another shaky breath. “Promise me that you’ll try to stay calm and don’t panic. And just know that I’m sorry about telling this to you now but I didn’t want to unnecessarily upset you if you really were going back to the past. Because it might be different there. You know, in a different timeline.”
The anger is still there but he doesn’t know if it’s with himself or with Tony. It’s still a welcome change after all these days of feeling nothing. He also knows he can’t fully blame Tony because he acts like himself. Steve needs to be honest here – this behavior isn’t even something that he hasn’t experienced before. It’s all classic Tony. He was like this when they met the first time. Steve hated it at the beginning. It irked him at so many levels he couldn’t even pinpoint exactly why he couldn’t stand Tony, especially because he’s so alike to his father, whom Steve first and foremost respected. But yeah, Tony vexed something deep inside Steve, until—
discovered that I’ve returned from the dead, Jesus-style,” Tony insists. “So can you give me at least a day to adjust?”
“Why?” Tony presses. “You heard the doctor. I’m fine—ish.”
There is a whole spread on a table because of course Tony doesn’t know limits. Steve has in front of him a full range of fruits and baked goods, at least three kinds of freshly squeezed juices and something that looks like homemade granola. Also, one of the suits, Mark IV as it reads on its arm, puts in front of Steve a plate filled with fried eggs.
“But that’s my point,” Steve insists. “You can draw it. You can move to the East Coast and just live a happy life with your daughter and wife. You don’t have to sacrifice yourself anymore, because your nightmares are gone. Hell, this version of you never had them. And this is what the other you wanted.”
“At least we know he’s still the one for drama,” Steve says.
“I’m saying it
“Yeah, right, now you want to talk,” Steve snorts and throws a T-shirt into the bag with too much force. He doesn’t look at Tony when he asks, “And what happened three weeks ago when you could tell me all about your plans?”
“Exactly that!” Tony points a finger at him. “Because why would they be like that?”
“Son of a bi—” Tony starts but it’s the only thing he’s able to pronounce.
“I’m not saying that Tony should watch everything,” Steve explains. “But maybe some big moments for us like this party?”
“In the common areas,” Steve provides. “Everywhere in common areas. The compound was the same. It was just a matter of security.”
“For Christ’s sake,” Tony murmurs and also pulls out a holographic keyboard. “I couldn’t make this more difficult.”
because his best friend flies a suit that’s basically a war machine not only because of its name, the most intelligent and adorable person after Tony is a green rage monster, and he definitely has serious hots for one super-soldier who had been friends with his father when the old man was in his twenties. So yeah, new-normal, but still a stable one.
“Can you check what someone feels for me?” Tony says carefully. “Like corner someone strategically to check what’s on their mind and then report back to me?”
The kid. He forgot about the kid. What is he going to do with that? With everything else, he might even manage. But the kid for sure doesn’t deserve him. Not like that. Not like this.
huge. And kind of hot.”
How can one person carry so much passion with a single gesture like this? Steve doesn’t know. He might never know. But he feels all the things that suddenly leave his body being replaced only with a yearning for more. The desperation of Tony’s touch eases the constant tension that has tormented him for all these weeks. The way Tony whispers Steve’s name when their lips part for a fraction of a second soothes all the pain in his chest. The way Tony moans with pleasure against his lips, erases all the longing.
“Huh, that’s actually a pretty decent idea,” Tony admits.
“I feel like we have a lot of explaining to do,” Tony acknowledges, and he pokes a finger between the women. “Especially you two.”
“You woke up only a few hours ago, yes?” Steve tries to understand.
And thank you all of you, who read the story, for all the comments and kudos, and reads. They are food for my creative soul!
Steve blushes again and gives a small and very strange smile. “Yeah, after a week or two you asked me to meet you. And you proposed to meet here, actually.”
“I had to keep my profile very low.” Steve huffs out a weak laugh. “But I managed to send you a phone and that letter.”
“Why does he need to know?” Tony accosts, curious. “This isn’t his divorce.”
Steve shakes his head, trying to focus back on the subject. “You were planning these outings, then?”
There are also evenings like this one when they all meet for a very early dinner and just stay in the kitchen or go somewhere else to hang out. And it’s just
Tony laughs out loud and sits at the bar with a glass of whiskey on the rocks. Bruce looks at him with a curious stare but Tony just shrugs.
“Ok, alright, spill,” he says, waving at Steve to rush him. “By this point, I doubt anything can shock me.”
“Duh, of course,” Tony says matter-of-factly. “But come one now, untangle your spider limbs enough for me to walk to the couch.”
“But that's just it,” Tony explains softly. “I’m never going to be him. Whatever brought me here, whatever it was, time travel, cosmic magic or Infinity Stones, I’m never going to be the same person that you married, and I don’t know what to do with it.”
“Fantastic!” Tony finally smiles brightly as he shows Steve the exit. “I know a great place near the Santa Monica Pier. You’ll love it.”
“You’re happy when you look at Captain Rogers.”
“You know,” Bruce starts without even trying to cover the fondness that sneaks into his voice, “I think I really missed those constant attempts of leading us onto the wrong path.”
Bruce snorts and picks up his spoon. “Should you have this conversation with me?”
“Ah, here you are,” Tony says over Rhodey’s voice. “I thought you got lost there somewhere.”
“There is everything to explain,” Tony says impatiently and seeing that Steve at least stops, he adds, “I did try to talk about the divorce on the day the Guardians came by but then I talked with Bruce and—”
So yeah, Tony’s screwed. He probably got time-traveled to another timeline. He’s married to Pepper Potts. He has a kid. And he’s apparently really into his other self's friend who also happens to be a fucking walking American icon. It must be Monday!
He decided to call all of them at once because otherwise he would have to take all the silent judgment one by one. In this way, they can bust his chops all at once and he can be done with it. Still, he holds his breath when Rhodey glances back.
Steve automatically shoots a look back at Pepper. He can see she is still considering her options. She seems to be wary and unconvinced, but then again, she has far more to lose in case she makes a wrong move. Still, there is only one way out of all this, and Steve knows that this move must lead south.
“Wow,” Tony says deliberately slowly. “I’m almost tempted to do a reconstruction of this scene.”
So yeah, slowly Tony discovers that there is so much more to his childhood hero. He starts to see all the bits and pieces of
And in a moment a holo-screen appears above the kitchen counter filled with articles, posts and tweets showing pictures of Iron Man in Whole Foods, excited comments and thousands upon thousands of questions.
They cross the break line where the water is rough. Now they’re floating a little bit farther from the shore but in a streak of a calm and slightly warmer current. The soft waves take them back and forth in a steady rhythm. With each gentle move, they come a little bit closer to each other. Their faces are illuminated by lights coming from the pier. Bright pink, blue, and green oscillate on their skin and dance on the surface like it would feel the rhythm of the music that carries from the same direction. Steve faintly knows the song. It’s some indie-pop hit that FRIDAY sometimes mixes in for him to keep him on track with the trends. But now it seems that the song mocks him with its lyrics that match his thoughts so damn well. Still, even this isn’t enough to stop Steve from taking his time to look at Tony. The man is so close he can even see the golden burst of color in his huge, black irises. Tony’s hair is stuck to his forehead and temples. It drips along his cheeks and onto his lips. Droplets slowly go down his face, stopping at his jaw to then run along the lines of his neck. And Tony keeps on smiling.
,” Morgan complains ferociously.
“Fourteen,” Steve whispers sheepishly. “Give or take.”
“Well, technically I’m one year younger, if I’m counting correctly,” Tony says matter-of-factly.
“Yeah, it is,” Steve says, surly, but he feels the annoyance building at the back of his head when he adds, “Even now we have to give the world at least some coordinates on how to operate in this new reality that we yet again caused.”
“But why?” Steve presses, trying to understand. “Why do you give me your time when you could spend it with your family?”
“It’s okay,” Tony says surprisingly calmly. “It’s okay, because I only know a normal life. Well, as normal as a playboy, billionaire, genius and philanthropist can really have, but still pretty down to earth compared to your standards, so I can teach you all about it.”
Steve presses a weak smile and shrugs. “I saw the recording you left for me. And I couldn’t go. In a way I couldn’t leave Pepper and Morgan, yes... But I think the memory of you still strongly held me in this time and space.”
Tony puts the tablet down when he hears another burst of laughter coming from downstairs. He had a plan of not getting out of bed for at least another hour or two. He even got a free pass on breakfast to make up for the lost sleep or at least to catch up on the news in peace. But hearing the deep, well-known voice and the giggles that follow, he’s more and more tempted to leave the prescribed R&R and just go downstairs.
It might be because he sees these events in a different light too. He has a completely changed perspective right now. He isn’t burdened by the fear he probably felt back then. He also doesn’t regret his actions because he didn’t commit them. There is no remorse. No resentment. Because of that, he doesn’t look through the lenses of his mistakes and bad decisions. He thinks clearly. And he sees that they both made wrong moves and didn’t choose the right paths. They were both to blame but at the same time, they were both right. And Tony thinks he should have tried harder. He should have tried to understand Steve's motivations. He should have found a solution earlier. He should have fixed it.
The place is still a mess. Probably one reason why nobody asks a lot of questions and instead they lead them to the right place. Steve knows all hospitals around the world are in a similar state, trying to accommodate all these people that suddenly reappeared a week ago. There are patients still located in the corridors, patiently waiting for their treatments while the medical staff look like they are running on their last fumes, trying to suddenly solve a double number of cases of basically every illness or suffering. And for a second, he feels guilty. He should be here to help. He should be out there, trying to clean this mess they have been responsible for yet again, but then Steve takes one look at Pepper and knows he needs to be here for her, because even though she has been prepared for a battle, when they approach the glass cube, they are keeping Tony in, she shatters and takes a step back.
Steve only huffs, ducking his head with resignation. He suddenly looks visibly tired and a bit crinkled just like his suit when he comes to the foot of the bed. He rests his hands on the footboard, letting out another long breath as he looks up, all open and honest. And for a second Tony thinks he’s a little bit fucked. Does anyone ever say “no” to these blue eyes?
Admitting that also serves another purpose. Admitting that means the current situation isn’t exactly problematic. There were far more nasty things happening in his life. The loss of his parents for starters. So no, this isn’t another traumatic passage. He refuses to think of it this way.  Also, hey! He time traveled. How cool is that?
“Very,” Tony says and smiles, glancing over her shoulder at Steve. “And very delicately so the subject doesn’t know what the whole thing is about.”
“To start the talks about the restructuring program,” Steve confirms.
And like an answer to Tony’s thoughts, Bruce suddenly whispers barely hearable, “God, Natasha would be beyond herself seeing this.”
“And she finally got it,” Tony says softly. “Her life wasn’t wasted.”
“Tony, don’t be—” Steve starts.
“Why do I have the impression you think it’s something bad?” Tony snorts and puts another piece of bread into his expressive mouth. He groans again, softer this time but he still adds, “Fuck, I missed that.”
“Are you asking  if I can live without being an Avenger?” Steve clarifies. “And what about you?”
“Is it?” Tony counters.
“I went downstairs, and I just really wanted to see what’s been cooked there for the last few years. And then I started reading about you because I like to know with whom I’m going to share a house with, and then I moved on to the Avengers and everything else—” he cuts himself off and shakes his head with disbelief. As he looks to the side to observe the serene view outside, he continues, quieter, “It all feels so foreign.”
“Oh really,” Natasha snorts and comes closer to him to hug him as she whispers. “I’m not the one who apparently was resurrected.”
“That and most of these bottles are older than me so that’s saying something.”
“Really?” Tony asks, surprised.
“Hey, I can’t save the world anymore. The other me already did that.” Tony shrugs. “So at least I could save us from starving.”
“You probably also know by now that I don’t really play well with others,” Tony says this more to warn Steve before continuing the argument.
“Well, forcing me into a relationship that will make two or even three people miserable isn’t going to do any good to either of us,” Tony wonders out loud.
Tony huffs out a long breath. This wasn’t the plan. The plan was to pull Bruce into confessing what’s poisoning his mind. So, Tony needs to try again. He stands up and goes around Bruce to get his own spoon. He goes through the drawer and then dives in the freezer to get his favorite flavor that proudly bears his name. Only then he slowly walks back to the bar.
Until Steve realized what really laid under all those fights, the pushing and pulling at each other’s borders. Steve wanted Tony from the moment they met. He fucking yearned for a fraction of Tony’s attention. He wanted to be seen by Tony. As his equal, yes. But Steve also wanted to be his partner in the job they’d been chosen for. He wanted to be someone with whom Tony could carry this burden with.
“It’s not that—”
Almost because in the next second he swiftly opens his eyes to a sudden realization. It’s morning. He hit the bed straight after the shower, something like twelve hours ago. He was supposed to take a power nap, but his head barely touched the pillow and he was out for hours. And he was supposed to get back to Tony. Fuck.
And Steve drags this body off the couch. There is this soft smile again as he aims for the stairs but stops at the first one and reaches for his back pocket.
Bata by the most precious people -
She is about to add something but three joined voices say out loud “Language!”
“So,” Steve starts, unsure and timid. “Are you staying with us?”
“Fuck,” Tony huffs and grinding through his teeth, he adds, “You really can be irritating sometimes.”
“I could take that joke to so many levels, but I won’t,” Tony says as he starts to pour the bubbles into the glasses that Steve swiftly provided. “What’s the toast?”
, that’s something he would never think of as a priority. But that’s the exact word that pops into his mind when he looks at Steve who explains something to Rhodey with intensity.
“I did that?” He hears Tony’s heavy voice. “I wanted to—”
It speaks volumes for the state Steve’s in right now. He wants to comment on that, but suddenly he’s not only feeling a warmth resonating from Pepper’s hand, but also a strange vibration coming from the helmet where he still has his hand pressed to the metal. He feels the buzz on his skin. It’s far stronger this time, sending a tingling sensation up his arm.
“You were right though, it’s freezing,” Tony says, pressing his lips together to hold his jaw from trembling and winces confused. “Why aren’t you cold?”
But before Christine can say any more, she appears to spot something in the distance. She moves a step back instantly, putting on — again — a fake but polite smile.
“Ok, so, you have the possibility to go back, right?” Tony continues carefully. “Have you ever thought about doing it?”
“Club soda is just fine,” Steve confirms and watches her as she starts to prepare his drink.
“Thanks.” Tony smiles brightly. “I get that a lot these days.”
“What, the fact that you’re ancient?”
He reaches for his food again, but he feels observed. And for a moment, Steve thinks that Tony won’t drop the subject but to Steve’s surprise, there is a strange and sudden silence on Tony’s side.
“Hey, focus on the breakfast, Cap,” Tony orders quietly.
“In this case I’m 1,5 months,” Tony points out with a sly smile. “How about that time difference, huh? Is it even legal?”
Steve doesn’t stop observing what is happening in the room while he ponders on his answer. Tony’s vitals slowly go back to normal as the medication takes its hold and Tony suddenly looks calm and strikingly young, starting to dream his drug induced dreams.
“I don’t,” Steve says still calmly. “But I’d like to know.”
With Steve—
And then he leaves one more quick peck on Steve’s neck, his covered shoulder, and arm. Steve is completely distracted. He tries to turn, and this is the moment Tony uses. He rises on his toes and finally claims Steve’s mouth.
“Not true, I do.” Tony says, giving out a small smile.
“—I know,” Tony confirms quickly. “I also found your letter. I had it in my files on the server, so I suspect I got to know about my parents’ death under not particularly present circumstances. And that ripped some kind of rift between us? I gather this is the reason you’ve been on this run you mentioned today, right?”
“Of course, you did,” Tony huffs a short, desperate laugh.
Tony must have stood at the bottom as well. He moves only his hands to stay in place. Giving Steve a long look, he smirks. “Damn, Doctor Erskine really was a genius.”
Steve holds his head up and glances at Tony unsure, frowning. “I didn’t consider you to be someone who put so much faith in destiny.”
