Hold up. Kiss? John's mind was ticking a million km an hour with no clear stopping point. How had this happened, and when? Was John drunk? Had he gotten a hold of Sherlock's drugs? He was sure he'd remember that. Kissing...Sherlock. The thing that caught him the most was that he wasn't against kissing Sherlock, he just wanted to know everything before that. Why did they go out on a date? Who had asked whom? When had they done that?
"Goodbye, John." There were tears running down his brother's face, and Mycroft began making the preparations to save Sherlock's life without his brother's permission. The world needed him, he couldn't just throw himself off of St. Bart's.
Mycroft sighed. "After the night Irene Adler died, I contacted Lestrade to keep a close watch on you, and when he said he would, I asked if I could somehow repay him for the number of years he watched over you. Gregory said," Mycroft smiled bitterly, "that if I took him out for coffee, he'd consider the thanks."
"John, look at the place. Anything that looks wrong, tell me." John nodded, scanning the area. The room was small, smelled of beer, and had been recently vacated. There were bottles in random places on the floor, the necklace draped on the back of one of the chairs was expensive but not too much, and strangely familiar, the ceiling had cracks spider-webbing over it. Overall, an alcoholic's flat, and a woman's one at that. It reminded John slightly of his sister Harry, but he shook that thought off before it could get much farther than a simple statement.
"It's fine, John. I had it in my mind palace, so I just thought..." Sherlock shrugged.
John's body swayed a little, his legs wanting to give out. Freezing numbness could only last so long without hurting someone. "Sherlock," he called weakly. "Now would be a good time. Imissyou. I...miss you." The Thames kept flowing, but Sherlock was nowhere in sight. "I LOVE YOU!"
Sherlock didn't respond, but John didn't expect him to.
"Really?"
He walked up the stairs to his room, knowing he left his cake recipe in a notebook somewhere. When he dug through his drawers, he noticed a journal on his dresser. John sighed, flipping the thing open. "It has to be here somewhere," he muttered.
When had John's life become this amazing, gorgeous mess?
"Bad dream."
"Because I was staring at you, so I wasn't paying attention to where I was going," Harry blurted. The minute she realized what she just revealed, Harry covered her mouth with her hand and flushed. There went her one chance. Where had her usual blunt humor gone? How was she even supposed to talk to that vision?
Sherlock heard a very separate part of Harriet's conversation. "Sherlock has been in love with him since the beginning, I'm sure of it, and John used to be in love with Sherlock before the weird crap with Sherlock's suicide started..." Wait. John loved
"No, it's not the diplomat. You'll see when we get there."
Sherlock fell, down and down and down, slowly, until he was curled on the floor. "That can't happen. I can't let it. I can't let John go through that
that."
"We can see you." Sherlock's voice was annoyed and vaguely disappointed. "But Harriet is the problem, not you."
The journal had one entry, dated the day before. John had never seen the journal in his life, but there was an entry, in his handwriting, with his signature. It had Sherlock in it, with a case. A case that Sebastian Moran was in. Had The Great Game pieces, and The Blind Banker, and one line that John didn't recognize.
Sherlock could feel his eyes tightening. Damn,
"Did he prevent it?"
John pressed his lips against the detective's, slowly slipping his tongue in. Sherlock met him, movement for movement, fingers winding through John's short hair, and pulling their heads closer together. John's hands were laced behind Sherlock's neck, reaching up after a little while to twirl one of the detective's curls around his finger. They didn't take it any further. Besides, neither one of them wanted to do
"I don't care what people think." It was still true. John's opinion was the only one that mattered now. "Even if they thought I was stupid or wrong that would just make them stupid or wrong."
Harry just barely looked up through heavily-lidded eyes. "Hi, Kate."
He mentally cursed. He just
"Of course. It's extraordinary."
"That is not Harriet," Sherlock said quizzically.
"Baby, you asked me to marry you. And I'm sorry that I can't unless I survive this and you'll still have me." John knew he was crying now, crying full out, and Sherlock was crying too. "I'm sorry for lying to you, I'm sorry I hurt you, and I'm sorry I have to take my last fatal fall. But I'm not sorry for loving you and I never will be."
"Johnny!" a drunken voice yelled.
Sherlock thought to himself. Only a few more minutes. John started breathing heavily, but he put a hand over his mouth to muffle it. Running to the couch, he sat on it, and mimed closing a cage door. Sherlock got his phone out and called John back.
"They're going to come back with a warrant and arrest me."
Clara walked out of her shift with a little less lipgloss on than she started with going in, and a sense of hope that she and Harry would be alright.
John stared at him in disbelief. "Really? How did I not remember that?"
This time, John was blushing, and he stumbled over a few words saying, "Sherlock, please give me patience."
John grinned widely and took over, holding out his other hand, the one that wasn't holding Sherlock's. "Boyfriend. Great to meet you." Angelo shook John's hand firmly. John decided he liked this man, and he was glad it was him that was overseeing their first date.
"Now that we've started our day," John winked, "with a very interesting conversation no less, what do you say about breakfast?"
"Yes, I am." Sherlock captured John's lips sweetly. This was one of the reasons he loved him. John never patronized him, or made him feel small. John protected him in his own way, with medical talk and walls of warm limbs and gentle kisses. He would never hurt Sherlock.
Harry rolled her eyes. "John, ibuprofen." John nodded, walking to the cabinets and searching through them for the pill bottles. When he found the one labeled 'ibuprofen' and handed it to his sister.
Sherlock put his violin down on the small table next to him, and turned in John's arms. He looked John straight in the eyes, entrancing him with his ever-changing orbs. "No. But now that you're here, the numbers on the inscription have been going up every day."
Angelo nodded. "Your usual, then?"
"Oh, I definitely knew that," the detective murmured, pulling John down to kiss him.
Sherlock ran as fast as he could, stopping in the right places for dialogue, listening to the sounds of their breathing as they escaped. If only escaping was so easy in real life.
Wait, it couldn't be cherry. Clara had moved on, there was no reason why she would be here. So, not-cherry.
making this quite difficult," Sherlock muttered, trying to sound like his normal self. Failing.
"Sherlock?" Harry sat up in bed. Clara shifted to make a few wild gestures asking about the call. Harry shook her head, she had no idea.
John stood up and came over to the door, lacing his hand through Sherlock's. "Hello. I've heard a bit about you. Are you here for the good news?"
"I won't." The two swayed back and forth slightly, neither willing to move from the incredibly comforting position.
(See the end of the chapter for
So Sherlock kissed him back, running his fingers through John's short blond hair. Baskerville, the second time going into Baskerville, would be the next memory, and Sherlock would help him through it. He couldn't believe he'd done that to John before, tricked him into seeing the hound. But he'd make up for it this time around.
Somehow, he knew what he'd answer the not-familiar, yet beautiful stranger. It made absolutely no sense, but the sentence came out all the same. "I'll do it."
John took a breath. "Why did you want me for this experiment? Before, you said you had very few people to ask, but you didn't know me really, and you had far more people to attempt this with than you think. Molly Hooper is an example." Sherlock winced almost imperceptibly, but John caught it. "You aren't very gay, I can see that in the way you look at others, and yet you chose a man for this, in addition, a man that you deduced isn't gay either. Sherlock, you're too smart to just pick me using that. So why did you do it?"
The part that struck him was how in love he was with Sherlock.
When the two finally pulled apart, both were breathing heavily, and John's towel had slipped down just barely. "I didn't have that in mind when I yelled for you," Sherlock said, taking mental notes of John's body on his.
Sherlock woke up with tears pouring down his face. Sobs wracked his body as he tried to keep them under control, and he stared at his chest for several seconds, making sure it wasn't torn open, making sure his heart still beat. He couldn't find John, he
"Because I already fucked it up once, and you were kind enough to provide fake reassurance concerning my lack of birthday aptitude," Sherlock answered blankly. He was past the point where swearing was undignified. Sherlock was so stupidly confused about the signals John sent that he could barely process the situation.
"Whomever has told you that told a grievous lie, indeed." He swept off into his bedroom, resisting the simultaneous urges to strangle and jump the doctor.
"Congratulations on 'The Truth About Sherlock Holmes'. The scoop that everybody wanted and you got it," Sherlock started.
John realized how easily this could become his life. Crime-solving, Harry living with them until she had some spot of luck, being with Sherlock all the time. Mostly that. He could fall into this, and never come back. He wouldn't care at all if this was everything he knew for the rest of his life.
"How did you...?"
Their relationship progressed really fast, so fast that normally Clara would worry she was a part-time shag and Harry would dump her as soon as another girl passed by. But she didn't. Clara barely knew it before she and Harry were sharing a bed, a house, a family. That first night, with the two women wound around each other like clock gears, was the best Clara had ever had. She was blissfully happy, and she could sleep long and deep for the first time in forever.
"Aren't I supposed to like whatever my boyfriend makes?" They'd knocked against the door, and John had to fumble for the key.
John raised an eyebrow at his screen. Sherlock didn't know very many people, especially not people he texted.
Within this silence and stillness suddenly rang a song. "Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin' alive, stayin' alive. Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin' alive."
"You can't, brother mine. John will remember." His little brother slumped into the ground at that. "I want you to stay like this, you know. Forever. You and John Watson, running around like the madmen you both always are around each other, married and
Night fell soon enough, Harry crashing on the couch, and John and Sherlock moving into John's room. "We can both sleep in the same bed, or if you're not comfortable with that, I have a spare bedroom."
Well, that was a new concept. "Who stole my big bro's memories? He was obviously miserable without you, dead or alive, so we need to get them back."
"Hey, Sherlock? I found you some pajamas." He tossed them to the detective. "They aren't mine, so I don't know how they ended up here, but they seem to be your size-ish." Sherlock stared at the articles for a minute, shocked. "What's wrong?"
"Yes, darling?" John smiled softly, coming around the chair to face Sherlock.
The song rose a bit higher to a more hopeful tone, the notes winding about their heads like birds, and when the music rose even higher, John felt he could taste it. With a final crescendo, the melody faded out. Sherlock didn't turn around, didn't put his violin down. "Is it good?" he asked shyly, if that was even possible for him.
John hovered above him with the boxes, really not sure what to tell him that wasn't a lie. "He says hello and enjoy."
"Let's see how it goes first." Harry smiled back, shyly she was sure, but it didn't matter. She was on top of the world.
"So that's your source? Moriarty is Richard Brook?"
Both men blushed, but Sherlock's was more invisible than John's. "It is amazing that she can shout even though she should be getting a hangover sometime soon," John remarked. Sherlock nodded, neither of them moving their hands.
Lestrade's desk. He didn't bother trying to remember the man's first name anymore, he had more important things to do. "Let's start with a bit of information from me. I've been working on cases with you for years before you got demoted. Remember that? And yet, the year before this one is a blur, isn't it? You don't remember how you got demoted nor why."
Clara fully woke up pretty fast after that. "You're completely right. We should go. He lives in 221B still?"
"Sherlock. Love, what do you mean? What do you need to say?"
John pulled away. "You make a fair point, my love. Let's go." He picked up the giant bowl of pudding and headed out into the sitting room. "We came with pudding, Mrs. Hudson!"
"But do you want to be here is the question." Sherlock couldn't comprehend why John would want to live with a high-functioning sociopath,
A year passed, the same hours going and going and gone. Nothing happened. The pain was still there, Harry had to move again, and John was still dying inside. It didn't ever end, Harry thought to herself as she stared out her one grimy window. Never never.
John wasn't supposed to be jealous of the other man, especially since he gave up on Sherlock. Sometimes, however, he couldn't help himself. That man knew a side of Sherlock that he didn't know, the more analytic, focused, grand-gesture detective that swept into rooms quickly and left them the same way. John saw glimpses of that Sherlock occasionally, but wondered what it would be like to have him all the time.
John smiled. "Love..." Sherlock winced at the word. That was not Boyfriend-John, he was not allowed to do anything. Nothing like the lovely things coming to mind with Sherlock's eyes on that mouth. "If you don't want to tell me, I'm okay with that. But, I like knowing things about you that also have to do with me. For the record, I honestly have no idea why you keep me around, so that would be nice to know."
"Yeah?" Harry didn't expect Clara to move closer, to unhook her arms from around her body, to place them on Harry's shoulders. Clara smelled amazing, like wildflowers that grew in allies or near street corners. Harry could see the glistening lipgloss coating Clara's mouth. Jesus, this was very much helping Harry's new urge to never leave this woman's side.
John and
Harry couldn't resist pressing a small, smacking kiss to the top of her wife's head. "I know. I'd rather stay here, but Johnny is a worrywart by nature. You know that, too."
When she woke up again, in the middle of the night, she knew something was up. Harry didn't know how she knew, but she needed to go down the stairs. Peeking through one of the little holes in the door, mostly from acid explosions, Sherlock had told her, she could barely make out the detective guy in just a sheet while her brother sat next to him. "In Buckingham Palace, okay. I'm seriously resisting the urge to steal an ashtray."
"I told you. I saved her life once."
Her mood swung back and forth like a pendulum during those final days, ecstatically happy one minute, furious later, and depressed another minute. Harry kept asking if she loved her, and Clara kept answering yes. The bottles disappeared, and the bottles came back. Harry would cry for hours, drunk off her arse, and Clara would cry for hours, perfectly sober. Sleep was out of reach, and Clara had never wanted it more.
John shrugged a shoulder. "You needed me to."
Sherlock, with great care, shook the sleeping woman. "Hmph," she mumbled.
Clara's gaze simultaneously softened and hardened. Harry always wondered how she did that. "I love you because you are Harriet Olivia Watson. I'm your wife, you should know that."
His brother was going to shoot the bomb.
John numbly moved all the pancakes, completely cooked or not, to the plate where he'd been setting them, and wiped his hands on a towel, walking over to the couch. Harry and Clara were as jittery as teenagers that had drank too many energy drinks. Sherlock pulled John down to him so that the doctor was sitting in his lap. "How many times do I have to say that I love you?"
"This is the best part of pop culture," John said. "You should know it."
"Doesn't she mean
Sherlock picked her up and carried her out of the warehouse, ignoring the drunken statements she shouted. John was holding his head like a migraine had come. "She can sleep on my couch tonight," he told Sherlock.
John stared at him blankly for several seconds, long enough to make most people uncomfortable, but not Sherlock. "Explain how you know all of that. It's all correct, by the way."
John raised an eyebrow. "Partner?"
John had the sudden urge to do something, so he wrapped his arms around Sherlock and hugged him. "That's really cool of you. Thank you."
He quietly slipped into the flat, hoping Sherlock was playing the violin. The detective hadn't played the past couple of days, and John missed it a lot. Not that he would say so. Sherlock would laugh at him.
Moriarty didn't answer the question, but walked away, saying, "Goodbye, boys. See you around."
John let out half a laugh. "Is it empathy or not being able to help?"
"What about my methods makes me selfish, my dear doctor?" Sherlock asked scathingly. "I almost died for you!"
"Now people really will talk."
"SHERLOCK!"
"The screaming?"
"Good." The doctor ran a finger over Sherlock's lips, and then went back to his pancakes. "How long do you think it will take for Harry and Clara to get back here?"
It made her want to jump up and down.
"Don't even worry about it. If I have something to hold on to, I can sort of walk." Harry held on tight to Kate's shoulders, and Kate half-dragged her across the store. She was about to lead Harry down the aisle with poisonous chemicals, but turned abruptly into a different aisle, jostling Harry's grip significantly. "What the hell was that for?"
"Hello, Harry," John replied begrudgingly. Suddenly his tone became hard. "I was worried about you! You can't just walk in and say hi!"
Sherlock had his arms wrapped around John's neck, and sat in his lap, kissing him.
Molly nodded. "How did it happen?"
"I like when you hold my hand." Once John finished brushing his teeth, he came into the bedroom again.
"You don't have to," Clara soothed, glaring a little at her wife. "Just talk to him. John is understanding by nature. It'll be fine."
Sherlock blushed. "Yes."
"What?"
"Not very long ago. Earlier, when he'd solved my husband's problem, he'd been looking at your flat, 221B. But he went..." She furrowed her brow. "Well, I don't know where he went. He practically disappeared for two years. I was rather worried. Sherlock showed up here abruptly after that, though. Nearly gave me a heart attack, he did. He said he'd take any flat I had, any one of them in this building, he didn't care which. He was so specific before, but when I told him it was taken, he looked
"My doctor."
"I just met him yesterday. His name is Sherlock Holmes, and he's a consulting detective. The only one in the world." Harry could hear the beaming smile in her brother's voice. "Anyway, I'm very happy. He's an absolute prat sometimes, but I really like him."
John sighed. "I'm glad. I want you to be alive as long as you can." He buried his head in Sherlock's shoulder, breathing him in. "The song was beautiful."
"You have the strangest enemies," Harry remarked.
Sherlock laughed, and God in heaven was that the most brilliant, loveable, sexy, (etc. etc.) thing John Watson had ever heard. "I would have married you without a ring, and with Anderson and Mycroft as our witnesses in a dirty courthouse." He leaned down to brush John's lips with his own. "Yes. Yes, yes and yes
I need you to remember me so that I know I have a heart that hasn't burned yet."
"John doesn't love Sherlock right now, and made some pretty clear signs he didn't in front of Holmes. And he did it after having sex with him,
"I didn't know that," Harry protested wetly. "I had this crazy idea that we'd get better, but I ended up a shit-faced drunk on the side of the road, and you...you obviously weren't okay. I checked on you with Kate every time I came to Tesco, before I wanted to take you back, and she said you'd picked up a bunch of shifts, and couldn't sleep, and was just functioning, not living. I was so convinced..." She broke off, covering her face to wipe off tears. Clara hadn't seen Harry wear mascara very often, so to see it running in black streaks down her cheeks really sucked.
"I like it when you do that," Sherlock remarked as they were getting ready for bed themselves.
He smiled. "You're very welcome."
The detective snorted. "Eating is tedious and interferes with my mental processes." John's mouth tightened into a hard line.
"Baby," she said. "We need to get up. My brother will be wondering where I am."
"Why me?" John asked suddenly.
"There might be more people in the sky than animals, at least in the Greek versions of the stories. But since those are the ones that are the most well-known, I'll tell them."
Sherlock ran a hand through his hair, but forgot that John was asleep beside him. John shifted on the bed, turning more towards Sherlock. He didn't move until he was sure John was still asleep.
Plus, Sherlock was by far one of the sexiest people John knew. He laughed aloud.
He looked the ring over a bit longer, cupping it in his hand. Sherlock would be wondering where he was. John walked back out into the sitting room. Clara was quietly hysterical, trying not to ruin the moment, John could tell. Harry's leg was bouncing incessantly, and her fingers were tapping on the worn leather couch.
John grinned. "We'll get to that after our landlady's." Sherlock's face immediately fell. John really didn't understand the importance of the venture. "Come on. We have a person to lasso. Who wants to be late to their own birthday party?" He dragged Sherlock by the hand down the stairs.
Sherlock looked at Mycroft with sudden realization. "I'm coming. We can talk in John's old room."
The silence was getting a bit old, but John knew better than to say anything. The situation was delicate. Knowing Sherlock, it was more than delicate, it was probably destructive.
John was remembering.
He shook his head no, and John shrugged. "Alright. Sleep then?" Sherlock nodded this time, feeling not fully able to speak. The two climbed into the bed, Sherlock attempting to take up as little space as possible, John settling easily. The detective was warm and tired for the first time in a while, but couldn't relax his guard. An hour passed, but Sherlock couldn't go to sleep. "How are you comfortable over there?" John asked blearily, clearly about to fall asleep and having had enough of the other man. "Get over here, you git." John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, curling into him.
"Alright then, since you asked so nicely." Sherlock pecked the doctor on the cheek and said, "John and I are engaged, Mycroft. I'm surprised you didn't see it as you walked in."
"What did you ask?" Harry managed to say.
"Sherlock Holmes, you're arrested on suspicion of abduction and kidnapping," 'Lestrade' said.
"Chicken alfredo," John answered, smiling slightly and handing him the box.
John leaned forward and softly kissed Sherlock. "I love you." When the detective didn't reply, lips parted in his version of gaping, John continued, "I think I knew much earlier than now, but couldn't name it. You are everything to me: heart, mind, and body. It doesn't matter how we started, what matters is what we do right now."
Harry, who'd always struggled with alcohol, began drinking again.
"Clara, there's woman over there who looks lost. Aisle 6."
"He took it away. I didn't need it anymore." Sherlock shifted his gaze. "But when I...left...I went back to it, but then I told myself he would have hated it, so I quit, for good. I deleted all the names of my dealers, and their contact information. I was quite thorough, but I knew if something came up, I would find it again. But I found you instead, and you are very permanent. You, John, are a different sort of addiction. It seems I can only exchange one addiction for another."
He wasn't sure how he could answer that so John wouldn't know anything but also be truthful. "Shut up."
"Darling? What was that about?" John moved forward and wrapped his arms around Sherlock from behind.
John immediately sat up. "What happened? Is she okay?"
He tapped his fingers restlessly on the table. "Can we go on a date?"
John was torn between relief and anxiety when he heard. Relief that their relationship wouldn't become awkward, in which case Sherlock would leave and it would hurt very much. Anxiety because now he wasn't sure what to do. Sherlock loved him, and John was scared he would do something wrong.
"It's not about me. It's about whether you can let go of this life, Sherlock. You need to in order to survive, because you won't if John goes again. Sew yourself back together, otherwise you might as well be dead."
Sherlock burned the last sentence into his mind. After his fall, he figured out he was asking too much for John to forgive him. He'd done something horrible, and then lied about it. John really
"Hey, Johnny! Have you been good to Sher while I was gone?"
"Are you sure he has?" John asked, feeling a wrenching sensation in his chest that reminded him of his limp: existing, but with no reason. A phantom ache. It didn't make sense.
Sherlock glared at him and ate another bite of his pasta. "I couldn't comprehend why people need to be remembered by everyone. Most people accomplish nothing lasting in their pathetic lives, be it physical or fundamental. True changes come rarely; everything in our minds is the same as it was one hundred, five hundred, one thousand years ago. Jealousy, greed, lust, brief moments of happiness, but it means nothing. We are like candle flames, and we burn out as easily. How can people be expected to remember a single fire out of billions?"
"I've lived adjacent from you for around a year now, and since we are acquainted and I have few others to ask, I would like you and I to perform an experiment."
"I'm sorry, I don't." He wasn't sure what he could say that would fix things. John probably kissed Sherlock and Sherlock just reciprocated to experiment with feelings.
Sherlock paced in the sitting room, violin case in hand. He never thought John would make the relationship so real. The kisses and the touching and how on earth did that man do it? Sherlock didn't think it would get this far. He meant the experiment to be temporary, until John got tired of him, but that hadn't happened. John
"Sorry," the drunk woman giggled. "And hello, Sherlock Holmes. You're really as gorgeous as John said."
"No," both answered, turning red. "I wake up like this all the time," Sherlock continued.
"It's alright," Sherlock replied, looking at John with as much love as he could muster.
"I..." John waited. "It was a memory."
"This phone call, it's my note. That's what people do, don't they? Leave a note."
"So, what can we do that's interesting here?" he asked, not relaying any sort of answer to that question.
"You were right. He thinks it's Mycroft." The moment Mycroft picked that up on the bug, he immediately zoomed in and found John walking farther into an abandoned building. He, in fact, was in his office, enjoying a cup of Anthea-brewed tea.
"I've only had one friend, and only one boyfriend. I don't know how relationships work very well." He really didn't, this was just one of the few times he would admit it.
"Obviously, she didn't." Sherlock didn't look at them as he said it.
you say to me?"
Suddenly, as if some listening god had answered his prayer, John noticed a flash of dark hair and green fabric.
John answered, "I'm a doctor. Sherlock asked me if I could come on this case with him."
And now, she had a date to plan for. Holy mother of all things good and gorgeous, Harry had no idea where to begin.
John was something completely different, something he'd never seen before. Didn't it make sense to find out what the doctor felt about him?
John let a few tears fall. "What happened then? Keep talking."
But, then he could breathe again.
He finally came up with a deep emerald green button-up that made his eyes look green as well. He hated how dull they were, colorless, you couldn't name what they really were, and that infuriated him. John couldn't be truly named either, but he was far from dull, so it was alright. Sherlock carefully slipped the shirt on, noting the tightness in the chest, and a neat suit jacket. He ran a hand through his curls in front of the only mirror in his sparsely furnished flat. Acceptable, not good enough, but John seemed to irrationally like him.
The first kiss happened three dates later. Harry was determined to take things slow, especially since she was completely in the dark about the whole
The other man just smirked. "That's the kind of thing my boyfriend would say. You're rather good at this for knowing me for five minutes."
"Mhm." The noise was kind of adorable coming from Sherlock, and John smiled, closing his eyes. But then a thought disturbed his falling asleep.
"John?" Sherlock asked. There was a rustling of clothing, not Sherlock's, so probably John's.
"Because you can't drink any better than I can."
Molly put a look that resembled the motion of shoulder shrugging on her face. "I gave you your opportunity. I wanted to be on your side, remember?"
Clara and Molly talked for a while longer, having to sit down in the aisle. Pretty soon, both of them were crying. "One Christmas, he deduced me in the most horrible way. He had no idea I liked him until he deduced the present I'd given him. Sherlock doesn't get those kind of things, he never has, but from what I've heard, he really cares about John." Molly smiled through her tears. "John is like Sherlock's heart. Without him, Sherlock is only a great man, not a good man. And the good man is better for all of us."
"Really? You're asking me?" Sherlock looked so damn socks-knocked-off that John just had to kiss him.
John had some trouble thinking. His mind was still a bit disconnected, past memories to present memories. One thing stood out his scrambled thoughts, though.
"That would be lovely." John walked in, remembering suddenly that the first time he'd come in here, he'd relied on his cane to move anywhere. He didn't even know where his cane was anymore. Sherlock had probably stolen and used it for an experiment. The genius loved experiments, John had discovered over the couple of weeks they'd been...fake boyfriends? Real boyfriends? Rebounders? He shook his head, trying to clear it. He had questions.
"Yes, we both should." John's mind silently faded out with the scene. "Goodnight, Sherlock." But Sherlock was asleep.
Clara received the text to meet at 12 pm, thinking Irene wanted to have some serious words about Harry turning up again. But, it didn't end up like that.
It will be alright.
"I cannot lose my brother, Gregory." Mycroft paused. "Dr. Watson cannot lose him either. Make sure he gets out alive."
Mrs. Hudson gave him a knowing look. "Oh, that's alright, dear. I understand perfectly." She leaned in conspiratorially. "You know, if you want some
John began to dress as well, as if he knew what was coming. 'Lestrade and the Yarders' were going to come back now, and Sherlock was going to pretend to go with them.
and those lips belonged to...John. "Darling, shhh, it's alright, I love you, and I'm not going anywhere, so you will be okay, I promise, as long as I'm alive, you will be okay." Kisses were pressed all over Sherlock's face and neck, kissing the tears away, kissing the pain away. Sherlock had never understood the general premise used by mothers that kisses could heal injuries, but now he did. John could heal anything.
John huffed. "I want to see your face, actually. Perhaps to punch you, but I want to see you." His shampoo had washed out, bubbles swishing down the drain.
John flitted about the kitchen, boiling water, grabbing a mug, and picking out the soothing tea he'd bought a month ago but used only a few times. After steeping the tea for longer than was probably necessary, he sat down in his chair, taking small sips. If John looked around the flat from this position, he thought he could hear whispers, voices echoing from the corners of the room.
Sherlock kissed John like he wasn't supposed to, like there were warning signs all over him. "I'm sorry for everything I'm about to do to us." He stood up and went off, John in total shock. Harry used the spare key to open the door and let herself in. So this wasn't about Irene Adler, dammit.
Now, after a month of absolutely nothing, Irene texted her. Said to come to an apartment, a specific one. Never the same place twice, but this was new. Harry didn't remember what was at that building, but was entirely beyond caring.
and knew more about him than any single other person on the planet including his brother. Was that love, or friendship, or something as of yet unnamed? It scared him that originally he hadn't meant for this sort of confusion to come about. Just an experiment, he kept reassuring himself. But it wasn't.
Well, no use worrying about it, Sherlock would definitely say something about what happened when he came out of his (their) room for breakfast.
John glared at him. "Let's start with this: WHAT THE BLOODY HELL DID YOU THINK YOU WERE DOING?!"
Sherlock frowned. "What is it?"
Sherlock grinned. "I love when you talk medically."
"William Sherlock Scott Holmes. And yours?"
It kind of swung a lance through John's heart when he realized he did love Sherlock, and he wasn't going to let him go because of something like this experiment. It wasn't an experiment anymore, and both of them knew it. John just wanted to be the one to say it first.
He strode into the Yard, swiping a key card he'd stolen a long time ago. No one had noticed it was gone. People's short-sightedness was remarkable, and currently the bane of Sherlock Holmes' existence. "Sir, can I help you?" a young man asked, walking out of his cubicle.
Sherlock's subconscious knew that he needed to have conscious thoughts, so he woke, not an hour and a half after. He unwound himself from the doctor, knowing exactly which movements to make as to not disturb him, taking just the sheet, and leaving the comforter that he rarely used behind. The flat was entirely quiet, only the sounds of London at night fuzzing their way in. Sherlock itched for his violin again, for the music that could organize his thoughts.
The day her brother found his flatmate was also the day Harry found a dirt-cheap place to 'live'. Clara had sent back all her things, and Harry thought she knew why. Harry and Clara were similar in that if something held bad memories, they more often than not got rid of it. But, Harry kept one thing of Clara's that she couldn't bear to let go of: the necklace. It was a sapphire and diamond pendant necklace with a thin chain, CW for Clara Watson engraved on the silver-plated back. Just touching it reminded her of cherry lipgloss and nights spent with Clara's hair twirled around Harry's fingers. It was
"Why?" the genius retorted, a bitter tone to his voice. "Nothing about my dream will affect you."
John looked to see the detective sitting with his eyes closed. He wondered if Sherlock remembered what he'd said: he was in love with John. John wasn't uncomfortable with this because Sherlock was male; actually, he was uncomfortable because he didn't want to walk on eggshells with the genius. He wanted them to have a functioning relationship, however it had started, without the elephant in the room. It was
"How?"
"You deserve one." That didn't exactly help the color spreading across the detective's features. "Now, let's go find my sister."
Sherlock didn't expect John to come out of the bathroom wearing nothing but a towel around his waist. "Is that a proper motivator, darling?" John asked. His arms were folded, but Sherlock could see how muscular he was, and the scar on his shoulder was fully visible. John looked good, really good, in fact, so good that Sherlock had to grab onto the couch cushions to keep himself from falling off.
"Of course," Sherlock tried to scoff, but it came out as more of a stutter. John leaned in and kissed him hard, shutting down any other things he could have said. He knew John was a good kisser, but this was bordering on amazing. His hands came up to pull John on top of him, then to run over the doctor's exposed back. John had his fingers tugging through Sherlock's hair and his mouth explored the detective's.
The detective almost laughed. "I'm not an angel."
not gay. He shook his head and walked into the kitchen.
Sherlock looked at the clock near the bed, barely registering the numbers before turning away from it. But no matter how much he wanted to delete what he saw, he couldn't.
John leaned forward to kiss Sherlock firmly on the mouth. "How I say so."
The detective sighed. "Well, John saved me. But afterward, he didn't touch me very much, and he said he
When John opened his eyes, he looked at the clock on his mobile. Not long after a dinner of sorts, if the takeaway boxes were any sort of evidence. His boyfriend had loud classical music on in the kitchen, since he couldn't play the violin and clean at the same time. Wait, Sherlock was cleaning?
The bigger, louder man headed into the kitchen to tell the order to the staff, and then came back out to John. "I'm pretty tickled you two crazy boys got together. Makes an old bloke like me happy."
John stood up, straightening his clothing and walking into the kitchen. A pot of very cold tea sat on the counter, but John had no idea how it had gotten there. He dumped it out into the sink and filled it with new water, setting the teapot on the stove to heat up. Heat. Bad thing to think about. John shook his head like a dog, trying to clear it. Damn, this was a lot harder than he thought. Hard.
"Obviously I do, otherwise I wouldn't have said it."
She didn't even mean to; a glass of wine every once in a while turned into one per night, which turned into three a night, which turned into abandoning wine and turning to beer bottle after beer bottle after beer bottle. On and on and on. Harry knew it was wrong, she knew it hurt her wife, she knew it made John angry and sad, she
"Obviously it is not normal to me." Sherlock began to get up out of the chair. "You are aware of the new case taken by the Scotland Yard?"
"See? One of the reasons I absolutely adore you," John replied, rising on his tiptoes to peck Sherlock's cheek.
John stared at her for a second before getting what she was saying and blushing. "No, we're not like that. I mean, he's just conducting an experiment with me. Nothing major. Just, er, kissing and holding hands and things. We're not together in real life."
"I think so," he replied.
"You boys remembered my birthday?" she asked, putting a hand over her mouth.
Sherlock's face rapidly turned a cross between disappointed and resigned. "Baby, finish those pancakes, and then please come over here."
Clara blushed. "It's okay if you don't want to, I just haven't gone on a date in a while and I've seen you around and you seem nice, so..."
Neither brother spoke for a few minutes. Silence for them usually spoke volumes, but this time, there was no speech at all. "How long do I have?" Sherlock asked into the still air. His voice was froggy and hoarse, probably from the tears slipping down his face.
Clara had had the job at the supermarket, the same 10 am to 4 pm shift the whole time she and Harry were dating and married, and she would always go to the market between 6 and 8 pm. Harry wandered around the place generally until the other employees that were never Clara kicked her out.
coming from his lips. Damn.
The marriage was so easy in the beginning. Clara and Harry stood across from each other, exchanged vows and rings, and Harry's older brother looked on with pride in both of them. John had always liked her, and after everything went wrong, he was the one to help.
John felt his eyesight go red, and he pulled his fist back, punching the man directly on the nose.
John nodded. "My favorite memory is probably my twelfth birthday. Harry was eleven then, happy and not drunk. I came home from school to find my parents had prepared a surprise birthday party. There was chocolate cake and rocky road ice cream and all my mates were there. I felt loved and happy, and I got my first stethoscope that day. And the nicest girl that I'd had a crush on for ages had given me a watch. Of course, that was before my parents died and that nice girl cheated on me when I was seventeen." He laughed melodiously. Sherlock loved that laugh too much. "So, basically, our happiest times were before it all went wrong."
"Get to your point," Sherlock whispered.
Harry tended to know when people were in love. It was a talent of some sort, but she didn't think it had much use until she met Clara. Suddenly, she read her signs like an astrologer read their stars, hoping for one of them to tell her something.
"Would you please just do as I ask?!" He hated sounding desperate. Desperate was boring, desperate was normal. Everyone was desperate, and he used to be the cool and calm one. Moriarty had accused him of being ordinary, and this was why. Desperate and in love. Who would have thought it? "Stand right there and look up," Sherlock continued. "I'm on the bridge."
Harry looked at her phone with extreme interest. She really couldn't tell if this was a joke, but then again, Irene Adler didn't tend to joke about meeting people. Or mind-blowing sex.
"Good morning, Sherlock," John said.
As Sherlock stood on the sidewalk, John reached a hand out and entwined it through his. The detective looked down in what seemed to be alarm mixed with relief. "Why did you do that?" he asked. The other man noticed he made no move to pull his hand away.
The scene sped up, John's hands moved everywhere, Sherlock's mind engraved the details of the lines of feeling John tracked up his limbs, and the detective's last thought before he sunk deep below the surface of illogic and want was that he was doomed again, but he didn't care.
Everything burned: his legs, his hands, his head. Moriarty was an sadistic, psychotic ass, but he was so hatefully right about the burning. "That man had NO IDEA I would burn with you, did he? Moriarty NEVER knew that." John's voice hadn't gotten any quieter since he first yelled Sherlock's name. He knew he would scream his lungs out if it got the detective back to him.
Sherlock attempted to look defiant. "Nothing, as always."
"You can't kill an idea, can you? Not once it's made a home...there." He touched a finger lightly to the middle of John's forehead.
thing. It scared her; she was supposed to know by now whether the relationship would go anywhere. But she didn't.
Moriarty had threatened John's life, and Mycroft knew that every part of Sherlock's sense, what little he had, was torn away.
Sherlock wondered how that could have happened so fast, and why.
"Mr. Holmes?" John turned around.
The genius stayed awake for a little while, not being used to all this sleep. Three hours kept him going well enough, and this was beyond what he'd originally hoped for in the (he hated calling it) experiment, but sometimes he needed to think in the dark, with no distractions.
Sherlock's pale face tinted the barest shade of pink. "I knew you'd be the best subject for this experiment. You make an excellent boyfriend."
He closed the journal and set it in the drawer, rummaging around a bit more before unearthing the cake recipe. It had gotten a little crisped, since the last time he used it, Sherlock was doing an experiment involving burning plastic. John smiled, shutting his drawers and leaving his room.
"Focus, William," he murmured.
asked you to marry me, and participated in a memory reconstruction that just confirmed how much I loved you before this whole thing happened. Through all of that, you don't think I love you? I almost want to strangle you, or punch you in the face, or kiss you senseless."
After a little while, the doctor had to pull away. For a very long moment, he himself couldn't breathe. Everything was so heavy, like someone had dropped three injured men on his shoulders. His lungs weren't even freezing anymore; they seemed to be collapsing in on themselves. He huffed and tried to intake air, but it was like all the oxygen had been sucked out of it.
The doctor watched him closely for a moment. "You said
"Hey, baby," a familiar voice answered. "I'm drunk, and exhausted, and my brother screwed up, and screwed his boyfriend, and I'm not sure this isn't a dream since you probably changed your phone number, but I wanted to hear your voice, so yeah." Harry sounded so beat-down. Clara couldn't help but talk to her.
"I need to ask you a few things. And please keep quiet. John's still asleep, and if you wake him, I will be less than pleased."
John stared at Sherlock. He'd had no idea that was his first kiss. It explained a lot, like why Sherlock had been so cautious with the touching earlier, and the lack of knowledge about romance, and the innocence that didn't fit a consulting detective that had seen countless bodies. No one had loved Sherlock like he deserved. It made a bottomless pit feeling in his chest.
I can't tell you.
Sherlock nodded against John's head. "Just memories."
Sherlock scanned him and made sure he wasn't joking. "Why?"
"Good," John replied. He stood up again, taking Sherlock's hand. "I already handed Angelo the money, so we can go back to the flat now." Sherlock nodded, following. "Thank you, Angelo!" John shouted. Angelo shouted something incomprehensible back.
"Now, would you like to hear the one about Orion, or Andromeda?"
"Probably one of the killers you managed to attract-" John realized how awful and unbelievable that sounded. "Jesus. Sherlock, she's dying. Let's go." He was halfway toward the door when Sherlock answered him.
madam.
"Sherlock..." John said, shaking his head. "Did you not catch the comment I made after Mrs. Hudson said you would run me out of the house?"
"Sherlock, wake up! You're dreaming!" John shook the detective none too gently. He knew what nightmares were like, and would have given anything to have someone there with him when they happened.
John blushed a bit as well. "Lovely. Now, how about we make our way through these, as you called them, 'detrimental' movies and wait for my sister to come home, and then we can go out on a real date."
"Yes, it is," he replied shortly.
Sherlock took a small bit of the amber liquid into his mouth and flinched as it burned down his throat. John looked unaffected, but Sherlock assumed it was because he'd done this many times. "First question, what is your full name?"
"Gladly."
The freezing spray blew into John's face, and he sputtered before running as fast as he could to the water's edge. He paused before entering. "I need to call 999," he whispered. But his body took over.
"Let's go now," Sherlock said, pulling his fiancé to the door.
He and Sherlock...holy bloody hell. Those were images he really didn't want to get out of his head.
John knew that people were as shallow as Grace everywhere. He knew it, so he didn't try to get very close to his other (numerous) girlfriends. Sherlock...well, he was different. John had never been scared to get close to Sherlock, even after that whole thing with the pool and the Semtex. Sherlock had saved him when they met, and he kept saving John every day. Why
"Why would it matter if they watched me?"
Sherlock mentally berated himself. That couldn't be what John really meant, they were both lying to get Mrs. Hudson into the flat without suspicion on her part. Of course, his logical thought process had no line to how red his cheeks were turning. Damn John! Stupid..
"No. I meant how did you think of her? I did too, but she lives somewhere else."
"What are you going to do with them?" Harriet asked, a hand on her hip.
The man, Sherlock, gave him a lookover. "You're an army doctor, recently discharged because of an injury, not so bad that you are permanently disabled, but bad enough to send you home. Your limp is psychosomatic and you were stationed in Afghanistan. You have a sibling that you refused to share a flat with because you don't like them, either because of their drinking or the fact that they just walked out on their wife. What does the public call me?"
"How do you know what I was doing?" Harry asked indignantly.
Irene laughed. "I'm quite demanding, love. My terms are the only terms I care about. Especially when you're stalling."
"That isn't any way to greet your big sissy!" Harry said, her hands on her hips as she staggered into a patch of light made by a window. "Say hello!"
"Empathy. Or we're sorry we can't help." John nestled his head into Sherlock's chest.
"When is your birthday?" Sherlock asked. He had to get the date correct. The space in his mind palace was very disconcerting.
"Look up."
The doctor shook his head. That man wasn't here, and this version of Sherlock was perfect the way he was. He also was sleeping, in soft pajamas, right next to John. He grinned. What did John do to deserve him?
"John?" A pause. "John, the pancakes may be burning." More pauses. What was Sherlock saying? "John Hamish Watson, the kitchen is on fire!"
John grinned cheerfully. "He could never run me out of the house, Mrs. Hudson. I love him and his gorgeous body far too much to leave over a bag of spilled thumbs." Wait...rewind.
"I always believed sentiment did bad things to people." Sherlock paused. "I became its victim and now I'm not so sure."
"What do you mean 'will be'? Have you had your first love yet?" John thought surely Sherlock had had
He heard Sherlock shuffle into the room and sit on the chair by the sink. "Do you need to get cleaned up?" John asked, reaching for the shampoo bottle.
What did Sherlock want?
She shook herself out of her reverie. "Alright. I'll go get her."
"Clara?" She wondered if Harry had been eating enough lately. "Clara?"
Ugh, the images. They moved almost too fast for John to see.
John looked at him, slightly alarmed. Why did John care so much? Sherlock was beyond thinking about that now, however. "Was something stolen?"
"It didn't last very long. I wish it had, I wish it had lasted much longer, but before you jumped off the St. Bart's roof, I broke it off rather brutally, basically being the Iceman Moriarty enjoyed so much. Now that his memories are back, he's going to hate me, and I've hated myself for that long enough." Mycroft looked up, away from the other Holmes brother.
John woke up to the feeling of another's arms around him. He sighed and snuggled closer. It had been too long since he'd woken up like that. The other's body felt different, though; thinner. John could almost feel individual ribs, count them. One, two, three, four... As he moved his hand up, he ran his hands over muscle. The person was stronger than they looked, but soft at the same time. John liked it a lot, maybe more than he should have.
As he attempted, and failed miserably, to collect his thoughts (and possibly censor them), he realized exactly what the night's activities could have meant to Sherlock. John had obviously done something wrong in the time between...
"Again, the words I was looking for were 'yes, please'." But those other words were very nice as well.
"Yes, I'm certain. It was November." Wait, November? When Sherlock met...
"Now, what do you want for breakfast?" John asked, standing up to grab the teapot. It was a little colder than he would have liked, but he'd heat it back up.
Sherlock decided then that he would do anything to solve this puzzle. He wanted the one person he'd ever loved back in his life the way he used to be. Sherlock knew it was selfish, somewhere in a forgotten corner of his mind palace, but chose to ignore it. This was all he had, and he was going to get it back.
"John?" Sherlock asked. This was purely for data collection purposes, he told himself. "Do you know who Irene Adler is?"
"What would I do without you, dear?"
"Alright, John." He stepped to the front of the little group, striding into the kitchen. Mrs. Hudson followed, arms crossed, but when she entered the kitchen, her face softened.
the woman next door, Mrs. Turner, has got
The dark, the cold, (he hurt all over), the chest cavity was just that: a cavity, (why couldn't they make it stop), (stop), (stop), STOP.
"Darling, you don't have to ask." John leaned forward and pressed his lips to the detective's, pulling away soon after. He didn't want Sherlock to feel like John was trying to push him. If Sherlock couldn't admit his feelings, then John wouldn't do anything to make him. "How's that?"
Sherlock was perfectly content with the situation. John was warm and soft and his hand was running over Sherlock's curls, threading through them. He'd always wanted someone to do that. "She goes to the market to see if she can find Clara again," John said suddenly, ninety-four minutes into the movie.
"But I am a horrible person. I don't understand why you would love me because I'm me."
"Gregory. My brother and Dr. Watson are in the pool room of a high school at this address." He gave the address. "A criminal mastermind currently occupies the same space, so I suggest you get your best officers and go now."
Harry laughed. "You know, I've always been able to see when people are in love. Always. When John fell for Sherlock, when Sherlock fell for John, when Irene fell for Kate, when John fell for Grace the first time. But with you, I never knew for sure."
"No. No!"
The woman looked surprised. "His name is Sherlock Holmes, and I had a crush on him for the longest time. Two years ago, he met someone named John, and they hit it off. Sherlock doesn't like people, and he's so blind to feelings, but he let John in. A year later, he thew himself off St. Barts. Did you hear about that?"
Sherlock looked vaguely uncomfortable with the friendliness, but replied, "Some. This is John Watson, my..." He wasn't sure how to put it.
Sherlock's brow furrowed. There seemed to be only one option. Sherlock had broken his promise to John and however much John did, Sherlock was still at fault. John was always the good, kind, sensible one that never hurt anyone, and Sherlock had a recurring habit of running through the streets of London destroying things in his path to the cases' ends. It was obvious what was going to happen, if he thought back to the beginning.
"It's all here. Conclusive proof." Kitty handed John a stack of papers, all of which proclaimed Sherlock was a fake in big, red letters. Sherlock would never have done that, he would have rather died than have people think he was a fraud. Or he didn't cover it up as prettily as Sherlock would have.
"It stuck in my mind palace," Sherlock said, suddenly feeling awkward. "We didn't do very well on the cake, since we were a bit preoccupied while it was coming out of the oven." John giggled, and Sherlock glared slightly at him. "But, we did succeed in producing a tasty confection. And pudding." He paused, shifting his feet. "Surprise."
"Sherlock? Sherlock, I'm right here! Darling, look at me!" Hands moved Sherlock's face so that he was turned a certain way. Sherlock didn't see anything. There was nothing; someone tricked him. He wasn't even in 221B, in fact, he'd never been there. He was still in that Serbian torture chamber.
"No! Stop, don't move!"
"Harry shouldn't be here this time of day. I changed my shift for this reason only."
Be warned: here there be sadness and angst.
Her hair was mussed, eyes closed, and she looked like she was sleeping soundly. Clara smiled a little when she remembered how Harry slept like the dead. Someone, most likely Kate, had put a blanket over her. She stared a few minutes longer, just rememorizing her ex-wife's (?) face, and then went back into the main portion of the store. Kate had to be around here somewhere.
Sherlock huffed, very annoyed. This cabbie was absolutely incompetent! He'd been going in circles around the New Scotland Yard headquarters for over ten minutes, and Sherlock's time could not be wasted at this juncture!
madam.
Sherlock hummed, tapping the rhythm of a new song on John's neck. The music came faster and faster these days, flitting through his head like atoms through space. "I can't be rid of you. You seem to be my new addiction, and as you are much healthier for me than cocaine or cigarettes, I'll just have to keep you."
been very good to me. Hi, my name is Clara. You must be Sherlock Holmes. It's nice to meet you." Sherlock nodded to her. "You know, Harry thinks you've been rooting for us the whole time, even when
Irene rolled her eyes. "Yes, right. Well, you're in luck today."
Alive.
Clara folded her arms. "Come in. It appears we both have been tricked." Irene smirked at her, but Harry looked like someone just told her the rockets strapped to her feet were about to blast off. Harry looked pretty damn sexy, but Clara couldn't acknowledge that yet.
John glanced at his other features for a second. "They were right about one thing." Sherlock tilted his head in incomprehension. "You are incredibly good-looking and handsome." The genius, being him, didn't quite understand that at first, but when he did, his entire face flushed deep red.
John could barely think, much less form a coherent question. "Er...no."
The detective blushed. "Yes. I love you, too."
He heard someone stand up in the room, saying a few words to the other person. When Sherlock opened the door, Mycroft didn't put any of his usual walls up. He'd rather not tell Sherlock if his baby brother could see it.
She smiled. "He got me out of a tough spot about three years ago. My husband was on trial for murder, and was going to be put in prison for life."
"Okay," Harry said. "I'll let you sleep now. Even if you're not Clara, thank you for listening."
Those two were taking forever. More than half of the pancake batter had been turned into pancakes, and his sister and boyfriend were nowhere near the kitchen. "Hey, you two!" he called up the stairs, after he was sure the new pancakes wouldn't burn. "Breakfast is ready! Your chummy talking can wait till later!"
Both men made up their minds, and went back to sleep, neither one of them realizing the other had woken.
Sherlock shook his head. "John, John, John, John." He said it disapprovingly, but he also really liked the name on his lips, the way it sounded. "Have you ever seen someone tolerate me, like me, pay attention to me as much as you? Don't even answer that, you know you haven't.
to get himself into it. "I assure you," Sherlock replied, voice becoming hoarser, "my playing is unrivaled by most, including my brother."
"I forgot about it."
Don't just leave me hanging after that little speech," the detective said scathingly. "Spit it out."
John looked Sherlock directly in the eye. "I want you too, but not here. Can we go...?"
John shook his head. What the hell was that? He went into the main part of the flat to greet his sister, who was groaning and moaning. "Johnny, I need ibuprofen, now!"
Catching his breath, since Sherlock had drawn it out of him, John replied, "Those aren't the magic words."
"And what promise was that?"
Sherlock set a cup of tea in front of him. "Do you think we could have been together without the ordeals we went through? All the pretending and all the unhappiness?"
"I said," Gregory moved closer to Mycroft, placing his hands on the intoxicated man's shoulders, "that even if you gave up on me, I would never give up on you."
Sherlock stared at the birthday cake for a full minute.
they weren't wrong, and Clara didn't care. Other people were her weakness, not their expertise or preferences. In fact, she'd camped out in a
"Harry, did you have any luck finding Clara?" John asked, having decided not to think about his boyfriend and the way his back curved as he reached up to put some biscuits in a high place.
Sherlock brightened quite a bit. "Oh. Alright then. Swig?"
He was so careful, he made
Thank you guys so much for reading this. Comments, bookmarks, kudos, etc. would be much appreciated but honestly I'm just excited to share this story on a new platform. :) Have a lovely day, all!
John quickly sat up in bed, heart beating too fast. "What is it, John?" Sherlock asked, looking concerned. That was unusual, but John didn't really care right about then.
" Sherlock didn't try to walk away, though. "You don't feel anything for me besides friendship."
"Anderson, I wouldn't have to bring my own people on cases if you lot weren't so incompetent," Sherlock said, walking past Anderson without a second glance. The man fumed, but John just tried to choke down a laugh. Sherlock really had them all beat, didn't he?
John laughed. "I'm personally all for that. What do you say? Shall we call a cab and get out of here?"
"What if I just deleted it?" Sherlock looked quite uncomfortable, but John wasn't done yet.
"Hey, Tom?" Clara suddenly said. "There's someone I want you to meet. In the line for checkout, you'll find a pretty woman with her hair in a braid. Her name is Molly." He nodded, but looked pretty confused. "You'll like her, I think you'll hit it off."
She smirked at him. "Nice to see you too. Actually, I'm off alcohol. I know I can do it this time. You will help me, right?"
Being a government official meant you could walk into any room and immediately command attention and respect. So why was Mycroft hesitating to enter his brother's (well, John's) flat?
John smiled a little. "And how are we going to 'get it out of her captor'? I thought there was more than one person anyhow."
John raised an eyebrow. "Really?"
frustrating.
"So?"
Next thing he knew, he was partially handcuffed to Sherlock, having been shoved against a cop car.
Instead of answering, John turned to Harry. Sherlock would have to wait until Harry was gone if he wanted to know why Harry was leaving. "You have my number if you need me."
Sherlock nodded. "I know he has. I can't get him back." John gazed at their hands on the counter for a moment before returning, one-handed mind you, to the pasta.
Lestrade watched the consulting detective stalk away, shaking his head. That man's mind moved far too fast for him to process. How had Sherlock gotten from serial suicides to a woman's letter? He turned back to his door and sat back at his desk, trying to reorganize the mess on top of it.
And I don't want to speak to another person that could make this worse."
"Finally admitting it, are we?" Angelo beamed. "Someone recently vacated that table over that way. I'll be back with menus." He strolled away happily, but John was confused, and Sherlock went white. They both attempted to ignore that as they walked over to the table Angelo had pointed out. They soon settled there, still neither one of them letting go of the other's hand. It's like a pact, John thought, like a promise I'll stay with him. It is like a string connecting us, Sherlock thought, like one of the almost-telephones that are made with yarn and two plastic cups, like I can always reach him.
The warehouse at the very end of the line was closed, unlike the others that were all open. "Can this kidnapper get any more stupid?" Sherlock asked with a giddy laugh, pulling John over to it. John decided he really really liked this version of the detective: the crazy mad deductions master with eyes glowing silver. "You know how to kick down doors, and here's a marvelous opportunity."
"Yes, sir." Donovan probably took orders from him. John disliked the man already.
John sighed. "Sherlock, this isn't Cluedo."
Clara looked at Molly for a long time. "Thank you."
The flat was so quiet at night. Sherlock wished he could fill it with violin music, but Harriet said it reminded her of Clara, so he stopped. But he itched for it sometimes, like now. The streetlights illuminated the windows just enough that he could have composed. Sherlock stood in front of them for a moment, looking outside. It was dark, but London never truly rested. He remembered chases through those shadowy streets, lit by only streetlamps. He shook his head. That was a long time ago. He had other things he needed to take care of.
"What?!" Clara looked back at her.
*contentment*
Sherlock shook his head. "No. Besides, I'd ask him to marry me before we ever thought about adopting."
Sherlock's eyes flashed open, and he sat up fluidly. "My usual?"
John gave him the Captain Look. "You are stubborn, more so than anyone I know. If you wanted something from anyone, you wouldn't hesitate to tell them that. The mere fact that you're avoiding this makes it a more sensitive subject than I originally thought. And since it has something to with me, you won't make this easy."
Sherlock jerkily half-sat up, spitting out river water and coughing. John sighed loudly, laughing a little bit. "Is that you, John?" he asked shakily, reaching a hand up to the doctor's heart. "You saved me."
"Of course." John didn't even think about his answer.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side. "Why did you bring me in here then?"
"No."
Sherlock looked at John fondly. How had John managed to wrap him around his little finger? "That sounds lovely." He paused. "As long as you hold me the whole time."
The doctor grew tired too quickly, with too much of the disgusting, silt-filled liquid in his throat and no sign of the consulting detective. John's vision, already impeded by the dark, began to haze over, blurring and flickering in and out. "Darling, where are you?" he cried. "I can't find you anywhere." The water rushed past noisily, as if to purposely hinder him.
Harry wondered how a meeting in a supermarket could have turned her whole life upside down and fermented-wheat-smelling. In fact, she didn't even want to know. But now, she had a duty to Johnny: make sure Sherlock didn't hurt him like Harry had hurt Clara.
Molly nodded. "What happened between you two?"
Sherlock started to protest, but John cut him off. "Don't deny it. That will only piss me off further. Sherlock, I fell for you
He cocked his head at John. "It would help if you invited me in. The morning is quite cold."
And, Greg Lestrade laughed. He bloody laughed! "Mycroft Holmes, sometimes I wonder about you."
John stifled a laugh. "You tried to flirt with Sherlock Holmes? That's not really his area."
It was like Sherlock had laid all the puzzle pieces in front of him, muddled up and in the wrong spots, and asked John to put them together three-dimensionally. Something was going on in Sherlock's mind, and John would try his damnedest to figure it out.
"Because you're amazing." Sherlock practically shone when he said it. "Your sister should be not far from here." This time, John led the way, spotting the figure on the floor immediately. But, once he got nearer, he noticed the person was a man, bound and gagged, obviously struggling.
The detective smiled at Harry. "Of course he has. Now, to ask the more important question, have you been
"Yes."
Suddenly, the footsteps fell away, leaving the sitting room, and John. He waited until all was silent again before moving. Standing up, he walked as softly as he could back to his and Sherlock's bedroom. When John peeked through the door, Sherlock was sprawled across the bed, leaving just enough space for John to crawl back into his arms. He situated himself carefully, making sure the detective was still sleeping. As John looked at the bright red numbers on the alarm clock, he hoped work wouldn't be too difficult. He wasn't exactly young enough anymore to pull all-nighters. But he'd endure a hundred all-nighters for Sherlock.
room after a particularly long night.
Sherlock shrugged. "Could we have done it?"
But knowing and doing something about it were two different things. And Harry was hit with that difference every time she took a swig.
Mycroft Holmes had a few purposes in life: remaining the most intelligent being in the room, taking care of his little brother, Sherlock, and making sure the world didn't fall into war. In that order.
Warmth, closeness, someone was holding him, love, sweet nothings whispered,
Sherlock walked back through the NSY building, barely containing his excitement. The mystery was unraveling, and soon he would understand. Certain didn't remember just one year, starting with the serial suicides, and ending with Moriarty's death. What connected the victims to the time period? Oh, he loved puzzles! "It's Christmas!" he shouted, skipping through the double doors.
John laughed. "I don't know. Relationships just kept failing and failing, and I realized I didn't love them like I thought I did, and someone chased them all off as well, so I guess the whole dating thing just exploded in my face. What about you, Mr. Cheekbones?"
John did something entirely unexpected right then. He walked up to Sherlock and handed him one. "Sherlock and I are going to play a drinking game. And since Sherlock is bored, it will be beneficial for everyone."
John smiled when he saw Sherlock's eyes closed as the other man pressed his lips to his forehead. The white lie was easily forgiven. John didn't want to lose the detective over something as stupid as the cupboards.
That sent a shock signal through John, but he tried not to move. Sherlock didn't seem like he got any sleep, much less enough sleep, so John needed to make sure he was taking care of himself. They were boyfriends, after all. Plus, John felt a need to protect the mysterious detective with silver eyes filled with sadness. He was somehow a part of him, and John didn't understand that. Yesterday felt like months ago, when this whole thing started.
John sighed, long and deep. "At least we didn't actually have to blow up the pool."
He and John jumped in front of a bus before quickly getting out of the way, cutting through back alleys and small side streets to get to safety. Sherlock never understood car chases. Cars were boring. But running, running was
"Morning," John replied quizzically, looking over at Sherlock. Of course, he was a brick wall when it came to answers.
"You, John Watson, are my sounding board, my mirror, my lens. You help me see what I'm missing. I've told you this before, how can you be such an..." Sherlock searched for a not-incriminating word, "illuminating person and not remember that?"
" Sherlock replied.
"You are Moriarty. HE'S MORIARTY!" John yelled behind him to Sherlock. "WE'VE MET, REMEMBER, YOU WERE GOING TO BLOW ME UP!"
John grinned. "I don't either. But we have to." He carefully began extracting himself from Sherlock's arms. It took quite a long time, but eventually he managed to leave the bed and walk to the bathroom. When he came out, Sherlock had wrapped himself in a sheet and stood up.
"I even have a ring."
Clara melted at the name. Why did Harry have to use it? It didn't exactly help the Stay-Strong Clara mode. "It's okay, really. Do you need any advice?"
Sherlock huffed. "I was only gone one of those years. Recently. Mycroft gave me a job. Involved destroying a very dangerous criminal organization. But during the year
good to that blonde behind you?"
Sherlock kissed the top of John's head, surprising him again. The genius didn't start things like this. "By being you. You are amazing."
A knock sounded at the door. "Aren't you going to open the door, dear Clara?" Irene asked, raising a perfectly plucked eyebrow.
Sherlock almost laughed. It all came back to that time, didn't it? "Where can I find him?"
"Well, that year was probably unimportant then."
Sherlock looked cautious and hopeful, but he choked the hopeful to ask Johnny, "Do you know who Irene Adler is?"
John laughed as he headed back to the bedroom. That was fun. He loved kissing Sherlock, it was one of the real perks to being his 'boyfriend'. John knew that once Sherlock was okay, he'd leave, and this whole thing would be over, but John still enjoyed spending time with him. Especially teasing him. It was also nice to kiss someone after all this time. His last girlfriend had been...months? A year? Whatever, it was better with Sherlock anyway. Sherlock was different.
"There's no one to bail us," John said, laughing a little, even though both him and Sherlock were currently under arrest.
Harry walked out and smiled, but as she did, she felt a stickiness on her lips. Taking a sniff, she could smell the tiniest amount of cherry. Cherry lipgloss. Weird. Maybe someone pranked her.
"Thank you, darling," John smirked and went back to the cupboards to grab the bag of the sweet stuff. Sherlock wondered if he really heard John call him darling. It sounded flirtatious and
But John simply lifted up Sherlock's arm. "How could you think I would kick you out?"
"And it is greatly appreciated. I may finish this experiment yet."
"Oh, hell no. But we can try to fix our marriage. We never signed divorce papers though, so technically, you're still Mrs. Watson."
"Sherlock," John said in an exhale.
"That isn't it. It's normal to try and defend someone."
"I sacrificed a lot in the war, but you didn't know me then," John said. "Is that what you mean?"
"John?" he whispered.
"My hostage!" Sherlock held the gun to John's head.
"I would listen to anything you say," Sherlock answered. "Start from the beginning."
"But what if he doesn't? I've made such a mess, Harriet. John has quite a right to go."
"UUUUGGHHHHH." Sherlock pressed two fingers to either temple. "Hm. Question. Do you remember the serial suicides case? Four victims, all took the same pill."
"Come here," Clara whispered. Harry gratefully collapsed into her wife's arms, sobbing fully now. "I felt like absolute shit when you left, and John tried his best to help with a shoulder to cry on every once in a while, and Irene did her best as well, but nothing could replace you. And damn, I wanted it to. I wanted there to be some sort of something I could turn to in order to make things better, but nothing worked." She paused. "I still loved you. I still
, John thought to himself. Sherlock really thought he was in the wrong here. He thought he'd come on strong and John had given in to his seduction. But giving in was easy, easier than anything John had ever done. There was no misunderstanding or awkward pauses, or fumbling for purchase. John had never gotten that in any relationship he'd ever had, and there had been
Mycroft was sitting in his desk at the Holmes family mansion, when his beaten down, bedraggled, tortured, broken brother stumbled in. "Myc," he whispered, a childhood nickname that kicked down the doors of several rooms in the Palace. Something was so very wrong. Sherlock collapsed on the carpeted floor and began to sob.
"Alright, Mrs. Hudson."
"Harriet, are you going to come to bed?"
John shook his head. "Nope."
"Yes, I did." Sherlock walked over to sit back on the couch. John followed, and soon, they both were wrapped in each other's warmth.
to say those words, like he had to get them out somehow. Or maybe John was just too blind with infatuation to see clearly! "I need to think."
Clara had been friends with Irene for years now, friends with benefits mostly, until she met Harry. The first thing Clara did after meeting the short brunette was call The Woman (she'd helped with the nickname) and gush about her new crush. Irene was almost more excited than Clara, since she'd been setting the blonde up for a while.
Wait, so John wasn't the only one who wanted that? It shot wildfires up his spine.
John smiled back. "I know, darling."
years?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes and explained everything. When he finished, John was staring even worse than before. "Brilliant."
"Partner, lover, boyfriend, whatever you say now."
John put his face in his hands, thinking. This was very important, but he had no clue why or how. Something about him and Sherlock made the detective uncomfortable, but he didn't know whether that was the closeness, or how close they had yet to get. John knew Sherlock was 'married to his work', John knew he'd had a huge number of girlfriends, John knew he was the closest thing Sherlock had to a friend. But, the common frustration, what the hell was it supposed to mean?!
"You don't seem the type to be late," John remarked, sliding his own coat on and grabbing his cane.
John could hear police cars chasing them, John heard Sherlock say, "Take my hand." John heard himself say, "Damn, I love you." And John saw him smile, smile with tears in his eyes.
John stared at the suddenly small-looking detective.
"Yes, good!" Molly looked like an eager puppy.
"Yes, it's me. May I come in?"
John leaned forward when he heard this, carefully, elegantly taking Sherlock's lips captive. These kisses were gentle, quiet, speech without words, music without a tune, a painting without a title, but more beautiful than Sherlock Holmes had ever encountered. He wondered, just then, what could have happened had he let his best friend in.
" She stood up. "Well? Are we going to get a cab or what?" Sherlock thought about it for less than a second before following her out of the flat, quietly closing the door behind them.
Sherlock huffed and muttered, "How did I ever stand how right you always are?" but he made sure John wouldn't be able to hear him. He wasn't ready to have that conversation. Plus, the tingling streaking through his body like electricity was making it too hard to think.
"Of course, darling. What're the magic words?"
Everything lost would be found. All would be returned to its original state. Sherlock fell asleep thinking of circles, and how he desperately wanted for this one to never close.
The wedding ceremony wasn't anything to write home about, John remembered with a smile. The only people there were Mycroft, Lestrade, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Harry and Clara, and Irene. He and Sherlock had wanted to elope, but their landlady wouldn't have it. So, a vaguely public ceremony it was.
"I'm not doing that!" Sherlock said indignantly.
Irene smirked. She had a wonderful girlfriend to pleasure when she got home.
"Alright. I'll have to go next door, however, to fetch clothing," Sherlock replied smoothly. John really didn't want him to go, Sherlock was warm and smelled like spice and lab chemicals and he liked it too much, but saying that aloud was another matter. He let him go, stalking quickly into his own bedroom to put on a nicer shirt and pants. Somehow, he didn't think Sherlock would care, which was completely true, but he had habits that were difficult to break.
Sherlock hastily changed into the clothing, muttering to himself about people that believed in coincidences that never knew about the law of large numbers. He knew that wasn't the problem, but he tried to convince himself it was. John returned after a few minutes, having dressed in a t-shirt and a pair of sweats. "Do you need to brush your teeth? I have an extra toothbrush."
"I'm sorry," Mycroft whispered. Sherlock didn't answer except for John's name, over and over, all through that night.
"You can really pick them," Clara remarked, a slight rueful smile on her face.
"Most likely. I had something I had to ask you about before then." Sherlock paused. "Do you still love me? As in, do you still want to marry me? I understand perfectly if you don't, I am not anyone's ideal choice in mate."
He will forgive me.
After college, Clara tried to get a flatshare, but luck was entirely against her. She somehow got a job at the local Tesco being sleep-deprived and alone. Those first months, calling Irene Adler every once in a while, and putting on concealer to hide her eye bags, were the hardest she'd had in a long time.
"Oh, big bro!" Harriet threw her arms out and hugged John. "You are so wonderful. It's no mystery why Sherlock loves you!"
When the cab pulled up to the door, John stepped out, tipping Liz a bit more than he did most cabbies. She was pretty nice, and wouldn't try to flirt with him like most women over the age of thirty. Geez, he should hang out with lesbians more often. Being hit on got kind of old, especially since Sherlock would scare the women off after maybe three dates.
"Morning or afternoon?"
, he told himself.
"Oh, I know complicated," Clara muttered. "Try me."
"Yes. But why would you be getting things for him if he's dead?" Clara thought she recognized the name John, but she didn't think it could have been Harry's brother.
"No, it's not alright. You're not resisting. This is ridiculous." The detective's mouth quirked up in a half-grin. John always stood up for him, even when he'd done something wrong.
Mycroft stood from his chair and rushed over, sitting back down and cradling Sherlock's head in his lap. The last time he'd seen his brother like this was when one of the children on the playground had told Sherlock he was a Freak and should kill himself to save everyone the annoyance of seeing his face every day. He'd told Sherlock that caring wasn't an advantage, and further incidents stopped. But this was different, because Sherlock couldn't stop his emotions anymore, as Mycroft had learned to do very early on. He couldn't help his brother, and his heart, wherever it was, was dissolving away with every tear Sherlock cried.
John jerked awake when he heard Sherlock scream. "Darling, wake up." Sherlock didn't respond, and kept screaming, but the screaming made words.
Clara held up a hand. "Molly and I had this conversation. I'm going to try this for a little while. I'm sorry that it interrupts everyone's lives."
"Mycroft. What are you doing here?" Had his love for John blinded him so much that he couldn't see
"And I am. Look at us both." Both Mycroft and John had the saddest looks in their eyes, but both would deny it. Mycroft knew his brother was self-destructive, and would hurt him and John if he left. But John's mind was a little harder to read.
Sherlock walked a few steps toward Jim, a little, dangerous smirk on his face. "Don't touch me!" Jim shouted. "Don't lay a finger on me!"
"That's why I ask you all the time, because I'm scared I'll wake up sometime and you won't."
Harry knocked once, stepping back a step. She thought she heard more than one voice in the room, but wasn't worried at all. In fact, a threesome sounded great. Actually, anything with Irene Adler sounded great.
Sherlock appeared in front of John's door again several hours later, wearing a long black wool coat, a navy scarf tied around his neck. "The crime scene isn't far from here," he started. "You might want to hurry. Lestrade will be peeved if I show up late again."
Sherlock
Sherlock blushed deeply, while John scolded, "Just because you're my sister doesn't mean you get to make short jokes too."
"You're welcome," John said. "Now, how about we reap the fruits of our labor?"
"You're curious."
The rest of the cab ride went by quickly, and soon the two of them were strolling into a decrepit flat, not well taken care of at all. There were police cars all over the place, but Sherlock neatly maneuvered through them. Inside, officers were walking around with flashlights. A gray-haired man stood out a bit, talking to a darker-skinned woman with corkscrew curly hair. "Lestrade. Where's the space?" Sherlock asked without prelude.
, soaring and ecstatically happy at first. It was like someone finding love and holding onto every moment of it. However, the song twisted into something darker, like fear and paranoia. It consumed the melody until that was all you could hear. The music rose louder and louder until a soft sound of falling. Sherlock knew it was called a glissando, but John didn't. The music started again, a sad, broken tune that wove its way through the sitting room. Notes traveled in an up-and-down of heartbreak. Eventually, John couldn't take any more. He went over and wrapped his arms around Sherlock from behind, laying his head on Sherlock's back.
"Why not?" John replied instead of saying what he was thinking. Sherlock couldn't keep his alcohol very well, in fact, he kept it worse than John, which was strange, since John was a lightweight of a massive scale. He laughed aloud.
"No, it's not. I had someone amazing and beautiful and sexy and smart about feelings, and I let her go because of an addiction I'm still too weak to beat. You shouldn't forgive me, but at least try to understand that I'm sorry and I love you, and I'll take anything you can give me."
"Holmes."
The corner of Sherlock's mouth turned up in an almost-smile. "You're asking the correct question, but I can't give you the correct answer. I'm sorry."
The detective laughed, but it was wrong, bitter and sad and doomed. "This will be the third time I've fatally fallen. The first time was the day after we met, that case at Lauriston Gardens, that day you said 'Oh god yes' and tumbled into my life with a cane and a gun and your insistence I was really brilliant. You don't know what you did to me, but since we have time, I'll tell you." He paused, and John couldn't speak. "You changed everything. John Watson, it was like a bomb went off in my mind palace. Lights lined the darkest places. Do you know that you are the first person important enough for me to have one whole room in my palace for you? I guess now you do. Every time I thought of you after that was one more thing added to my amazement.
Sherlock gave John a glance-over. He nodded approvingly. John wouldn't know that Sherlock couldn't tell him. "You know I'm quite observant."
"Perhaps I'll learn them sometime."
John gave Sherlock an exasperated look. "That doesn't answer my question."
Sherlock nodded, pressing a gentle kiss to John's forehead. "This person that died. Did you know them?"
"I will seldom 'pull your leg', as many mundane people call it. I have no desire to, besides. The experiment is simple: you have to pretend to be my partner."
John huffed. "Darling, there's nothing I can do about it. Unless I go out and kill a man, which you'd immediately figure out, you're stuck here." Sherlock rolled his eyes. The use of the word 'darling' made him tingly and warm, but it couldn't occupy him for very long.
He moved his experiments over to the fridge, all of them, even the heated ones. Heat. Lots of heat. Sherlock mentally slapped himself. He was here to make himself a cup of tea, and wander around London for an indeterminate amount of time until his thoughts could be controlled.
Sherlock was still staring at John like that. Had Sherlock really not told John his full name?
He knelt down and pressed an ear to the detective's chest, looking for a heartbeat. However used he was to Sherlock's erratic heartbeat, it didn't prepare him for not hearing one at all. "Damn it, you are not going to leave me like this. It's unfair and awful." John began chest compressions, counting out twenty-five in quick succession before listening for a heartbeat again. Nothing. He opened Sherlock's mouth and kissed him, blowing two great gusts of air into his lungs. Sherlock's heart didn't even flutter.
"Yes, Mr. Watson?"
"I wanted to see you. How is everything going?" The words Mycroft needed to say buzzed in his ears, but John had to be out of the way for Sherlock to hear them.
"You go." He paused. "I'm busy." Again, Sherlock sounded like he
"We will never play that game again as long as I live." John's voice was the no-nonsense soldier one. Damn.
And then reality set in. Normally it wouldn't have taken this long.
John led Mrs. Hudson up the stairs, Sherlock trailing behind. "Come up here, darling. You need to show her the damage." A little twinkle appeared in his eyes as he looked at Sherlock. No, he was imagining things. John messed with his mind on the best of days.
"He invented James Moriarty, he invented the crimes actually."
"Hm..." Clara slid over the top of Harry, running a finger over her wife's lips. "I would enjoy that very much."
He was fully dressed, in a shirt Sherlock had seen many times, but the combination of the jeans and shirt was the same as...some other night. Well, day. John didn't look at Sherlock awkwardly, like he thought he would, but with a sort of laughter in his eyes. Childlike. Sherlock blandly noticed he'd left a pile of his clothing on the coffee table, a black . He grinned slightly, looked Sherlock over, down and up, and down again, where the grin widened slightly.
"She's been shot."
"I just can't tell John what Sherlock told me. Sherlock has been in love with him since the beginning, I'm sure of it, and John used to be in love with Sherlock before the weird crap with Sherlock's suicide started, so now I've got two men living with me, neither of which are going to say the L-word to each other, and the sexual tension between them doesn't go away even after they have sex." Harry paused. "Clara?"
"I was a mess when you were gone too," John said, and he didn't know where it came from.
"You never let me go, no matter what happened to us."
Those last words were snatched by the wind as Sherlock Holmes fell, coat billowing around him and the air bitingly cold.
Sherlock seemed to know exactly where he was going, or where he had instructed the cabbie to take them. That was one of the things that John knew were his: knowing things that no one else knew.
she thought, crawling under her covers again.
"Really?" Mycroft walked away from his headset briefly to get more tea, and when he came back, she was saying, "I told him all the usual stuff. 'I'm bored. Let's have dinner. 'I'm not hungry, let's have dinner.' 'Good morning.' 'What are you wearing?'"
John's eyes met his from so far away, and Sherlock was almost glad of it. John wouldn't be able to see how many salty streaks painted his cheeks. "Oh God," he whispered into the phone.
Harry smacked him upside the head. "Idiot. You could have started with that. What's the problem? It obviously has to do with John."
Clara arrived at the flat with a couple of minutes to spare. She quickly looked at her reflection in the cab window and then went inside.
"Why are you laughing?" Sherlock asked monotonously, as if he wasn't really paying attention.
For some reason that probably involved John, he didn't like seeing Harriet unhappy. She deduced that he was unhappy, which was so uncommon, John had only done it a few times since he'd been here. Harriet was more like her brother than she thought. She wanted to make sacrifices for other people, she was relentless, and didn't give up. Of course, Sherlock wasn't going to mention this to either sibling, for fear of a massive row. His head was aching a little, and he was sure it would get worse if prompted.
By this time, Sherlock was beginning to feel...not himself. Everything looked lighter, fuzzier, like someone had put a piece of dirty glass over his eyes. He couldn't see Harriet in his peripheral vision anymore. "I've got one," he said. Even his voice was sounding strange. "Who was your first kiss?"
"Harry Watson," Sherlock blurted.
"So, wait," Johnny said. Harry couldn't see his reaction over the phone, but she had a pretty good idea of what was going through his head. "You are going on basically a blind date with a woman you met at the supermarket because she asked you to."
"Yep."
"Yes, I did, you ruddy bastard." John held the hand to his chest. "Did you expect I wouldn't?"
he fall for Sherlock?
Sherlock cocked his head to the side, which looked kind of difficult to accomplish on the sand. "I'm selfish for not considering your feelings? Is that all this was about?" The detective flushed slightly. "You called me names because you still love me?"
Oh, Moriarty was clever, but not as clever as Sherlock! He laughed quietly, turning back to his experiment and putting it in the fridge for the night.
Mycroft couldn't follow what Moriarty mouthed to his brother, but Sherlock mouthed back, "It's fine."
"Stop here, please," he said, handing a bill to the cabbie and getting out of the cab before it had fully stopped. Sherlock turned his coat collar up and walked briskly into the wind. Stupid, infernally boring people. They all were missing something vital. All of them, even John. Especially John.
The three of them ended up in another cab, going the opposite direction back to 'their' flat. John was in no way used to the whole 'boyfriend experiment' thing, so the 'sharing a flat' thing was harder to get past. But he didn't mind that much. Sherlock made up for all of that, however, Harry would probably be dead soon if she didn't stop the singing.
The two men stared at each other for a few seconds. Sherlock spoke up, "John, my love, if you're going to propose to me properly, you should do it within the next minute or so, otherwise I'll wonder if you're serious."
He stepped behind the curtain, sighing in happiness as the water washed away the silt and other more disgusting things dumped into the Thames. That river had a serious need for cleanliness, or some new laws or something. Jesus. John found the soap and lathered it in his hand, sliding some of it over his shoulders.
"John always says eight hours of sleep is what adults need. I should appease him." Sherlock laid down on the couch, pulling John down with him.
"I want that too." Sherlock moved forward and pressed his lips to John's, sliding his fingers down his love's chest, hearing John intake a sharp breath as he goes farther. "I want you, John Hamish Watson. Please?"
too real.
say it aloud, no matter how much he wanted to.
The break room was in the very back of the store. Kate shoved the door open with her foot, pulling Harry through with her. A chair, soft and comfortable, stood in the corner. Harry nearly melted just looking at it. "Now, stop that," the manager said, struggling to keep the exhausted woman on her feet.
"I'm loitering, I'm just
John's mouth fell open, the pancake he was flipping probably landed somewhere on the floor, and he stared at his boyfriend. "You'd marry me?" It wasn't that John couldn't see himself spending the rest of his life with Sherlock, it was just that he was the first man John had ever dated, and the shortest amount of time he imagined dating someone before getting married. Surprisingly enough, they'd only been together for a couple of months (two months, thirteen days).
A man in glasses came into the flat. "Did we get the man?"
Captain
"I'm sorry," he whispered. And this time, it was an apology that he couldn't fix anything. "So very sorry, John."
"One of the things you should know as my boyfriend is that I have no patience at all. Apologies, but I have none to give," Sherlock huffed curtly. "Harriet, we will drug you. My brother has ways and means that I have no wish to think about to knock you out for several days."
"Was it my time in the army? I didn't think I told her anything classified," John fretted.
"Or..." Mycroft hated that he didn't have any sight to understand what Sherlock did.
John just smiled softly. "You don't hate it as much as you say."
of course she got all the credit. And perhaps Anderson won the lottery or a high-paying job opened up! Why did the idiots get everything? They knew nothing! He muttered under his breath as he went through the building, scaring more than a few interns with the deductions he began spitting. When he reached Lestrade's new office, there were a trail of loudly talking complainers behind him.
Clara held a hand up. "You can keep up with the complements later, Harriet. Why did you leave me, and be honest."
"These people aren't going to come alive again if I'm crying at their bedside, John. You're an army doctor, you should understand that."
Said newly-discovered-romantic smiled. "You're welcome. Any friend of John and Harriet's is...most likely a good person." John shot him a look. "John, you could have always married an assassin to fuel your adrenaline addiction. I wouldn't have tolerated that."
John shook his head. He could not believe this. She was so much worse than he remembered. There were tears in his eyes, but he tried to keep them back. "Harry, we need to take you home. The police will arrest the man that kidnapped you, and we can leave this alone."
"Ah, no. Harry, I'm going to confiscate all the other bottles of beer. You're going cold turkey, as is Sherlock." John stomped into the kitchen to take the remaining two glass bottles from the refrigerator.
"Of course he's Richard Brook, there is no Moriarty. There never has been." The reporter started to fuzz around the edges as John stared at her in disbelief. For a moment, she didn't even look like herself, she looked like Molly. But that was ridiculous...
Sherlock looked peaceful. Like this was all he wanted in life. John wondered if he could be Sherlock's peace. He wanted to be, quite a lot. The calm to Sherlock's storm, because Sherlock was a tsunami that crashed over everyone he met.
"Where do you think he went?" John asked, taking a serious bite of the biscuit.
"Darling," Sherlock winced briefly at the endearment, "I wanted it, too. I wanted you, and you wanted me. That's how it works, sometimes." John brushed one of the detective's stray curls away from his face. "You wouldn't be the only one at fault, if there was any fault to place. It was both of our choices to make love, and it will always be both of our choices." He pecked Sherlock's forehead. "If this was a one-time occurrence, that's alright, whatever you're comfortable with, but if not..." John leaned down to softly kiss the detective, this time on the lips. "I want to show you
"You might be wondering," John started after several awkward moments, "why I didn't ask you if what my sister said is true."
He rolled his eyes. "What would it take for you to answer my question correctly?"
Clara bit her lip to keep from crying too. "I will always be worse off without my Harriet."
"I'm a natural cynic, in addition, I caused a great deal of trouble." Sherlock shrugged. "People don't come back for me on principle."
John's eyes widened to the approximate size of teacup saucers, and Sherlock was sure his did the same, but John didn't say anything. "Alright, which one of you can get me some cake?"
"But you are." He looked up to Sherlock's face in surprise. Darkness shrouded the walls, but a single beam of streetlamp light threw his features into a sort of impressionist relief. Still beautiful, John thought.
"Please let me finish. Please, John. I could never explain before."
John remembered slowly. "Holy fuck," he breathed. "Sherlock!"
Harriet had left for her room a few minutes earlier, saying something about leaving them to more pleasurable activities than talking to her. Mrs. Hudson had winked at them before leaving, taking the leftover cake. Now, Sherlock and John were alone, and Sherlock had no idea what to say.
"Oh, of course. Not
"Well," John said, getting ready to rise from the couch. "We should put on some date-clothes. I'm treating you, and you're not allowed to protest." Of course, Sherlock opened his mouth, but John pointed a finger to shut him up. "If you want to treat me next time, you're absolutely welcome to, but this time is
John smiled and hugged him. "Of course. Where do you want to go?"
"Yes, John?" Sherlock tried to look as uninterested and cold as possible. John could read him better than anyone, so he had to be careful what he showed to him.
"I do." If Sherlock didn't want to think that John didn't care about him, he was welcome to, but John wanted Sherlock to know it. Sherlock was very important to John, and that would never change. "Darling, if something is hurting you, I want to help."
"Mycroft, what's this about? I thought you were going to leave me alone when it came to John," Sherlock said as he closed the door behind them. Mycroft sat on the bed, trying to ignore the twinging in his stomach.
"You have no plan, do you? You're a terrible liar, John, I would know. Let me 'reel her in' as those Americans say."
"There's something I'd never understood," Sherlock started.
"There were only three 'serial suicides'. That knighted guy, the young man, and the blonde woman."
"Alright, you two, here you are." John came back over with a large plateful of pancakes to see Sherlock with his arms folded, turned away from his sister. The gesture was oddly childish on someone so tall and gorgeous and
Sherlock felt like laughing. It wasn't funny at all, but he felt like laughing. Perhaps it had to do with aftereffects of the vision (he refused to think of it as a prediction. "Look at me, John. I'm afraid. I'm so afraid of something that isn't real. He would think I was going soft."
LOVE YOU!" Harry slammed her bottle of Scotch on the table by the door, hard enough she hoped it would shatter and glass would rain on the floor, like the pieces of their hearts. Of course, Clara's would be put back together easily, but Harry wanted to leave hers there. It would form artwork gouging into the wood floors more beautiful than she'd ever been. "GOODBYE!" She left her keys and shut the door behind her. Harry wondered why she needed Clara to tell her after all this time that she loved her, since she should have been able to just know. She smirked bitterly. It never worked on her wife.
"Inside joke with someone who is no longer with us." Mycroft cleared his throat. "Brother dear, I couldn't be happier for you. You deserve this more than anyone. However, I came with news of my own."
"But I don't want to let you go." Sherlock did, but the look on his face was pouting.
"You're worried too, now."
Neither one of them pulled away for minutes afterward, but the kiss went no further than the soft movement of lips.
"What do they usually say?"
damn alcohol, Sherlock hadn't been able to act normally around John. He was fairly sure John wouldn't notice, since the shorter man had a habit of seeing but not observing. Sherlock never thought he would be grateful for it.
Mrs. Hudson walked forward. "This is very nice of you, Sherlock." She hugged him, and although he didn't expect it, it wasn't as bad as he thought it would be. "Thank you so much for thinking of me." Mrs. Hudson turned to John and hugged him as well. "And John, you as well. It's a very pleasant surprise."
And who would do this? Sherlock could count on one hand.
"You're welcome, love. Anytime." Clara hung up, but not before turning the speakerphone off.
"Yes, and I killed myself in front of John," Sherlock remarked drily. "You can repair your relationship with my DI, but I
Sherlock's face broke into a slightly wistful, slightly bitter smile. "He never meant to either."
"Why are you laughing?" Sherlock looked hurt, and it melted John's already softened heart.
John's expression was heartbreakingly gentle. Sherlock wanted to kiss him until their lips were swollen. "It's okay to love and be hurt. That's what happened to you, you loved and were hurt?"
Harry liked to get things out of people, and she'd tried it on Sherlock, who wasn't having any of it. "Harry, leave him alone. He doesn't like the prying."
"I think I'm falling in love with you," he murmured, but Sherlock didn't stir.
one, and not know who they really were. He didn't understand that, and he detested not understanding.
John broke the kiss, staring at the detective. When had this happened? John didn't even remember coming into Sherlock's room, much less in the middle of the night, much less to
Harriet Watson had absolutely no idea what happened after that. All she could remember was Clara waving goodbye.
She groaned loudly. "Why did you do that? I was going to do this on my own terms."
Mycroft thought for a moment. "What
"Sherlock, you can't see what I see! John was reverting to his original state just slightly when we were talking, and even then, he had the same glowing look of people that are in love."
John stood up and went into the same room as his boyfriend, placing a hand on the counter. "You don't have to do that."
But it wouldn't last.
Sherlock nearly fell down the stairs to John. "Darling, what did Mycroft tell you? Are you okay?" his fiancé asked worriedly.
, now that he knew where things could go if they both just tried it.
"How am I helping?" John wondered.
John held up a hand. "Darling, you know I don't care about any of that." Sherlock didn't look very convinced. "I love you with all the mistakes and the flaws, because that's what love is. And I do love you. I'll say it as many times as you need me to."
He turned the lights back off; John fumbled for a flashlight in his pocket. And this was where it started. Sherlock made rattling noises against the metal in the bathroom, and the doctor looked around. The detective screeched like a monkey, and John, startled, went back to the window, trying his key card again. Sherlock knew he had John trapped well and good.
"You're hurting, Clarabella. The explanation for that is me," Harry slurred, standing up. Her steps were staggered and uneven, but she knew she had to walk.
"DON'T LEAVE ME! PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME!"
"So, who are you, and what are you doing here at 5 in the morning?" the army doctor asked, impatient suddenly.
"Your face and shirt are like Christmas," John said, laughing.
John woke up to two sets of footsteps coming up the stairs. He'd fallen asleep in his chair; his tea went cold long before, and he was still wearing Sherlock's dressing gown. The lighter, smaller-sounding steps were most likely Harry's, while the more purposeful, harder footfalls were probably Sherlock's. He wondered if at least Harry would apologize for leaving him in the middle of the night, taking his partner, and not telling him where they went. He doubted it.
"It just started," John said. "Come on in. We made cake."
"That's good. I'm happy you're better." John carefully pressed his lips to the small part of Sherlock's neck made visible by the sleep shirt. "Now, we should try to go back to sleep. It'll be okay." Sherlock nodded drowsily and muttered something about sleep being overrated, but John didn't listen, and drifted back off.
Sherlock looked at the clock next to John's bed. Perfect. This time of morning would be best to get the information from Harriet. He carefully shifted out of his partner's arms and tiptoed to the closed door. John just barely moved, letting out a breath of air, and then going back to sleep. Sherlock smiled; he wanted John to get at least some sleep. He'd learned that although he didn't really need it, people like John did, so he tried to not disturb him.
"What?"
The detective's mask fell far, farther than John had ever seen it go. "Your memories were gone, and in order to get them back, I had to recreate them. It was the easiest way to do it, but not for me." Sherlock paused. "The mind isn't as stable as everyone thinks it is, and yours is no different. Your mind had to begin and remain intact, and so, I fixed it the way it was made."
He shook his head in disbelief. "And how did you happen to meet the most influential dominatrix in London?"
He rarely regretted putting his priorities in that order, since staying the most intelligent and taking care of Sherlock were very close competitors, but sometimes, he was completely and utterly wrong. Not that he would ever admit that.
her at this hour. Since it could be anyone from a stalker to her boss, Clara tapped her fingers on the bedside table until the very last tone, when she slid the bar across the bottom of her phone screen to answer it.
"Okay. Thanks for letting me use your break room," she said, slipping off the blanket and standing up.
"Thank you. That's nice of you to say." Clara paused. Harry wondered for a moment how she even knew Clara's name, but then remembered the goddess wore a nametag. She wanted to slap herself for being so stupid, but that would look really dumb in front of Clara. "Do you want to go out sometime?"
John and Sherlock got to talking after ordering and waiting for a little while longer than the impatient detective could stand. "So, what happened to all your attempts at dating?" Sherlock asked with a raised eyebrow.
"You told me it in case I needed to look for baby names," John said, not realizing the implications of what he said until Clara's eyes began to tear and Harry started jumping up and down.
John opened his eyes and smiled at the man laying next to him. It wasn't very early in the morning, thank God, and Sherlock hadn't slept well the night before, so John knew his boyfriend was succumbing to the important need that was sleep. John softly kissed Sherlock's forehead and laid back down, curling into his previous position.
"Why the hell can't it wait?" John yelled back from the bathroom. So John was taking a shower. Maybe the urge to go back to the warm shower would get Sherlock what he wanted.
"But it will happen, Sherlock Holmes." Mycroft was completely done with this. "He will either hate you or forgive you, and either way, you have to keep living. I want you to stay alive, and I'm sure he does too."
Harry yanked the phone out of Clara's hand. "What the hell do you mean? Johnny loves you no matter what crazy-ass things you do!"
"What the bloody hell 'other appointment' do I have?! I want to go back to my office and drink until I forget this whole thing ever happened, and sod anyone that tries to get in my way," Mycroft said angrily, having let his façade go before he could stop it. "I broke my little brother's heart,
"I need to speak to you in private. And yes," he said, noticing that Sherlock was going to suggest he tell them both at the same time, "you alone."
"Hello, My." God, that nickname burned, even with the egregious amount of alcohol in Mycroft's system.
"Can I help?" John asked.
"I need to speak to a woman about a letter," he said, standing quickly and opening Lestrade's office door. "Your help has been invaluable."
"Really?" Clara bit her lip delicately. Harry felt like a humongous bear in comparison to a hummingbird.
"Yes, yes. Now go have fun. Try not to drink very much."
"Well..." John sat near him according to the dent next to Sherlock's legs. "My little sister has always been able to judge feelings: love, specifically. I don't know whether she can read me, she's never told me anything like that, but she can read you, apparently, through all the masks you wear." Sherlock felt a finger trace his bottom lip.
Kate caught her arm as Clara passed her. "Let Harry go, Clara. You both have been living with this for too long. I don't like seeing you sad." She nodded. Kate had lost someone as well, Clara never asked who, but she began to take care of Clara to almost make up for it, like how she used to take care of her someone. She never thought she'd be grateful for the protectiveness now.
"It's only logical," Sherlock breathed, his voice hitching. "I asked you to do this as an experiment, and I was never supposed to love you. I'm sorry my feelings got in the way of the original purpose, they were never meant to."
The two men walked out of the restaurant hand in hand, just as they had come in. They made quite the pair, the short, blond man and the tall, curly-haired man.
"Yes." John laid back down, curling close to the detective. Everything would make more sense in the morning, when the light was consistent and Harry was banging around the flat. Sherlock felt him fall asleep.
Harry heard noises from below soon after she went to bed. She grinned inwardly; her brother, although a bit uptight, was quite the fox. His boyfriend had fallen prey to the traditional John Watson seduction. She fell asleep after the noises stopped.
Sherlock was struck by how similar everything seemed. Not just the words and the players of parts, but the
"How do you know?" Harry asked indignantly.
John smiled. "Thanks for sharing that with me." Sherlock didn't know how to respond to that, so he stayed silent until Angelo noticed them.
"Catch. You. Later." Sherlock didn't put down the gun until Moriarty was really gone, and the snipers had moved their red dots away from the two of them.
Her lips formed an O shape. "Complicated. You said you knew about it."
"You didn't think about my feelings at all! Did it cross your amazing, brilliant mind that I want to be with you no matter what kind of utterly crazy things you do and how much you believe I don't?" John stopped, looking away. "Don't want to be with you, that is. I do."
Sherlock didn't answer for a while. "Please, Sherlock. I need to know."
"I believe you already knew that." He walked forward, standing over Sherlock. "Army doctors have prowess in other areas as well."
Sherlock glared at her. "Proximity is apparently a trigger for the memories to come back, as we learned last night."
John shuddered. That was an ugly feeling, knowing that he was so close, but everything was out of his hands. "Are you okay?" Sherlock asked worriedly.
know.
Clara glared at her friend. "Let's hear it."
The doctor ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls. "I don't know. One night, I heard violin music through the flat. I stepped outside my bedroom to see where it was coming from, and I saw a man in a dressing gown playing. The way the moonlight fell on him, it looked like he had wings spreading from his back. He never turned around, and when I woke up again I thought I'd dreamed it, but there were a few pages of sheet music on the couch in the morning."
John couldn't help the grin that spread across his face. "Really? I would love to hear about this."
people said, there was a hole in him that couldn't be sewed back together by a surgeon.
John shook his head. "No, not that. I meant how did you know where the items went."
"Harriet, there is a great chance of you finding Clara. Her habits obviously include visiting this market, therefore, according to statistical probability, an encounter is far more likely to happen than not, so..." Harry had jumped up to hug him.
John smiled, or rather, smiled more. He didn't seem to stop smiling these days, especially when Sherlock was involved. "Good." He somehow unwove himself from the detective's grip and stood up, still connected to his boyfriend by one hand. "Now, come on. You might be able to convince me to put the chocolate in the pancake batter."
"Darling?"
"Why is no one's first love happy? Why can no one be happy with their first chance?" Sherlock wondered.
John stood up and took small steps toward the detective, dragging his chair along with him. Even when they were side by side, Sherlock still wouldn't look at him. John sat back down, carefully reached out his hand, as if he was trying not to scare an already frightened animal, and brushed the hair away from his forehead. "How could you think I'd ever leave? I like you too much to even consider that."
Yes, he was sort of crushing on Sherlock, but who didn't do that? It turned out John didn't have to say anything.
"He's a bit of a weirdo, isn't he?" The man looked around the flat. "Those vigilante types always are."
"I am hurting you, and it needs to stop. I can't live like this, with you. With anybody. Johnny is ashamed of me, but he's too nice to say so, and since he's in Afghanistan, I can't exactly leave him. So I'm leaving you."
There weren't a lot of things better than waking up next to the person you loved.
When Harry woke up, the manager of Tesco stood over her. "It's closing time. You need to leave now, sorry."
John stared at his boyfriend. "I told you so," Sherlock said, the smirk back in full force on his face.
"I've never played a drinking game in my life," Sherlock pointed out.
John dropped the shampoo bottle on his foot. "Shit," he said loudly, bending down to pick it up. "Sherlock, you are an idiot."
Johnny sighed. "I hope you have a good time. You haven't been happy lately and I hope this makes you happy."
"But I don't want to be in a codependent relationship."
Sherlock tilted his head at John, seeming to contemplate something, and then stood up. He took barely a stride and abruptly wrapped his arms around him, laying his head on John's shoulder. John was close to frozen, being very surprised, and yet unconsciously leaned into the touch. "Can we go on a date today?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock gave him a quizzical look. "That's not the correct thing to do."
Sherlock set the kettle to boiling, making sure to watch it carefully so it wouldn't whistle. He got out his favorite kind of tea, mint, and the sugar, which he sprinkled liberally in the cup before taking the hot water off the stove and pouring it and the tea in as well. John always made better tea than him, probably because Sherlock calculated his drinks, while John was perfectly imperfect about the whole endeavor. He drained the entire cup, even though it scalded his tongue and throat, hoping for the unpleasant sensation to drown out his thoughts.
you stay?"
"I was going to just ask you to peek your head in, but I'm finding this view much better," the doctor whispered, running his hands over Sherlock's sides and hips. That t-shirt was thinner but just as revealing as glass, accentuating all the scars John had kissed, all the past injuries John had catalogued, all the things that differentiated this man from everyone else. Sherlock's normally curly hair was plastered to his skull, and his eyes were glowing brightly. His jeans were darkening with water, his feet were bare, and his hands were just as careful. Beautiful. "I want to kiss you, Sherlock."
Harry blinked a few times. "What time is it?"
"I need to see Major Barrymore right away, so you need to search the place. Start in Stapleton's lab, see if there are any large dogs."
"I'm going to the dock-"
"Alright. Do you need me to come with you?"
"Why you what?"
Sherlock drummed his fingers on the
People saw it in movies all the time: happy couples flinging pretty phrases at each other, but it was more than the shallow emotion they showed. When someone called you beautiful, you were done for. Every time it was said was like the first time. The fluttering in your stomach, the crazy fast heartbeat, the glow in your face, those things didn't just disappear.
While John wandered into the sitting room, contemplating what the gestures meant, Sherlock banged his head once on the cupboards. He wasn't sure how long he could last like this, hiding from old John, hiding from new John. He'd learned lying to the army doctor was always worse than telling the truth.
"I'll come with you." John matched Sherlock step for step until they reached a spot where Mrs. Hudson couldn't see them, and then John ambushed him.
"What are you doing?" Clara asked, finally crying. Harry nodded, that was what was supposed to happen. Her love would cry, and then it all would get better.
Sherlock looked almost surprised Harry figured everything out. "A dead man. His name was James Moriarty, and he targeted us many times. But when he killed himself, he knew I'd either jump off the roof and die, hurting everyone I cared about, or live, in which case he would make them forget the person I had become, or in John's case, me. Either way, he got what he wanted."
"John?" Sherlock waved a hand in front of his blogger's face. "John?"
Clara licked those perfect lips, just barely flicking her pink tongue over them. "Harry?"
the detective thought, almost laughing at how ironic and positively insane the situation. And, of course he was scared? How did you explain to a memory-blocked version of your best friend and boyfriend that you wanted to kiss him and touch him and generally make a fool out yourself telling him your feelings without being scared?
"Who do you have that is so important to you?" Sherlock asked numbly, not even responding really.
"If you are counting yourself in that number."
Sherlock stood awkwardly in the doorway to Harriet's flat, waiting to be let in. This was John's sister, and he was loathe to upset her. "Geez, Sherly, come on in. The letters are over here." He stepped cautiously in, making sure not to disturb anything that could be evidence. Something was wrong, and had been since everyone he knew forgot the last two years.
Sherlock stepped in, pulling John from his invisible cage, and evidently the memory. The doctor fell asleep in Sherlock's arms.
"Long story. She left me." Clara stared at her shoes.
"That's better than I thought it was."
Lestrade shook his head. "It doesn't matter. I made a mistake sometime during that year, and obviously Sally didn't. End of story. Next question, where were you during the last
John looked at the man with surprise. He'd never seen this man in his life, and he would have noticed if the two of them had lived in flats just across from the other. "Really?"
"Bet you didn't expect this," John said. Mycroft didn't have any picture, as Sherlock's phone was in his pocket, but the sound was enough.
"Because you and I are so crazy that the mental hospitals exist because of us."
The other man didn't answer for a moment. "It has to do with you, your letters you sent to her updating Harriet on your life. Clara loved her and would never hurt her, and your parents are dead, so you are the only thing of importance that she has left. And you, John, are very important." John knew his face was heating up.
John ran a hand over Sherlock's shoulder, a finger tracing its contours. It was like he was mapping out Sherlock, as if he were a new and foreign land just being discovered. "Okay." He kissed Sherlock lightly on the cheek. "Mystery Man."
John smirked again. "And you used to call yourself a high-functioning sociopath."
First things first: a list of the facts.
John stared at Sherlock for a few minutes. Sherlock wasn't going to say anything else, because he honestly believed John would leave him. He
Harry groaned again, but when she saw Sherlock, she laughed. "Oh, so you and the hot detective got some action last night?"
it was. John swore several times, really loudly, as his feet started to go numb.
"You should really rest, Harry," Kate told her in the mom voice she used sometimes. "I'll walk you to your car."
John and Sherlock both looked equally taken aback. "What the hell are you talking-" "What do you mean, John never-" The two cut themselves off once they realized they were speaking at the same time.
Sherlock laughed for the first time since the warehouse. "I sleep in just a sheet normally, so this is more than I expected."
A little later, John received a phone call that woke him up. Sherlock was rolling and bouncing a blue rubber bouncy ball with one hand and catching it with the other. John thought, in that split second before he answered his phone, that the moment felt ominous, like he was about to get bad news. But Sherlock knew it too.
"Because it is her formal name, and I do not informally know her."
John grinned. "William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will you marry me?"
Sherlock didn't look convinced, but he said it anyway. "I'm in love with John Watson. You know him, don't you?"
"...You shouldn't forgive me, but at least try to understand that I'm sorry and I love you, and I'll take anything you can give me."
Once the conversation finished, Moriarty said slowly, "Sorry. Wrong day to die."
He floated through his mind palace for a long time, flitting from memory to memory, searching for words that could help speed up the remembrance. Suddenly, Sherlock heard it. 'Who was your first love?'
. Sherlock balanced himself perfectly so that he could stay for several minutes. Mycroft had changed all the boats' sailing patterns so that he and John could do this in peace. The sky would be dark for hours yet. No one would notice he was gone but John. Wasn't that always how he wanted to die? No publicity, no ridicule, just one person (a very special person) on the ground to know what had taken place.
Wait.
"Is it so impossible to forget your own sibling's name? I would be infinitely more jovial if I forgot my brother's, but I expected more from you, John."
Now, Sherlock was the most confused human being on the planet right about then. His brain felt like it had been short-circuited. He only remembered later what it felt like, but still couldn't interpret it. John had kissed him. There was no interpreting that.
John stared at him, angrily and in disbelief. "What evidence is there to prove my sister lived here? You've never even met her!"
Sherlock grimly stared at the streetlights. "To find Richard Brook."
The man shook his head. "We've met before. And as I said, I can ask few others, considering I can hardly stand speaking with most individuals, and you just have to pretend. Pretending is the only reason I thought it vaguely appropriate to say anything." His bow lips turned down. "I...lost someone recently, and before that, they lost me, and I want to see if I can recover at all. You will be invaluable." He muttered something under his breath after that, but John couldn't hear what it was.
John nodded, turning his head to the window. This wasn't just Angelo then, other people had seen them together like a couple. But, the problem with that was John didn't remember any of that kind of thing happening. Before he asked Sherlock about it...ugh, it was blurry. They'd eaten takeaway, but then... He'd probably figure it out later.
"Why would it be your fault?" Clara had a smile on her face. What did that mean? Platonic or flirty? Er...
John wanted to scream.
"And you call me stubborn."
"I feel the need to compose. If I don't get the instrument, all the music will be gone." Sherlock heard John sigh loudly. "I'll play it for you when I'm done. I promise."
Sherlock didn't get it for a moment, but once he did, his face flushed deeply. "I have never been in a relationship, much less a sexual one."
Harriet didn't come back to 221B until 9 pm. John fussed over her, but Sherlock knew she'd just fallen asleep during her latest excursion to Tesco. "Well, I'm still freaking tired," she said, "so I'm going to go to bed early, if that's alright with you two gentlemen."
Kate sighed. "Sometimes you remind me of a man I met once. Tall, dark, handsome. I can give you a blanket and a chair, but I don't really have anything else for you." She lifted Harry up by the armpits and attempted to carry her.
As he cooked, he couldn't help but notice Sherlock watching his every move curiously. But his curiosity wasn't just that, there was more, John could see it. His silver eyes were...glistening? Glowing? Not really. Shining. John took a closer view when he knew Sherlock wasn't looking. There was something...Longing. Love. And it was painful to him, but he was doing a damn good job of keeping it hidden.
"I was having a nightmare, and you came in to see what was wrong. The dream..." Sherlock paused, looking down at his hands. "The dream was just fear, completely irrational fear. You calmed me down and then...then I kissed you. I'm-" He broke off. "I'm very sorry. It was sentiment-related, and I shouldn't have thrust my volatile state upon you." He made a move to stand up, but John pulled him back.
Harry fell silent, and so Clara prompted, "And what about all the screwing?"
"Well, I don't think it is," John said, moving closer to sit on the couch next to him.
"That's alright," John whispered. "Forget I said anything. Neither of us have had a very restful night, so we should get as much sleep as we can."
"Pancakes."
of them. Sherlock was
What had happened when he and John played the drinking game? Sherlock wracked his brain, but the thing couldn't bring any recollections back. It frustrated him to no end!
Why would Harry go to Tesco? And since when did Harry even know who Sherlock was, much less meet him?
John drew in a heaving breath. "Sherlock, what are you doing up there? Never mind, I'm coming up."
The wind had stopped howling, the clouds had stopped floating past, the water had stopped splashing, forming a little funnel around Sherlock's entry point. For a single moment, John couldn't move.
The two men were in a haze, but both would deny it if asked.
John tilted Sherlock's chin forward to lightly kiss him. "A story about the Empire and the Rebels, and a galaxy far, far away."
The months slipped by. Harry and Clara moved in together, Johnny came around a few times, and eventually midget-like, pixie-cut brunette Harry Watson and petite, long-haired blonde Clara Peters were married. They were happy, but one thing had to happen.
"You're disappointed," Sherlock said.
When John woke up, the first thing he noticed was how artificially warm he was, without body heat, and he found he didn't like it. He looked down to see he was completely dressed, and on the couch. Okay, there were a lot of things strange about that. As John remembered what had happened the night before, he flushed.
Everyone stood in absolute silence. No one's heart moved any faster, steady as the wind outside. The scene, if Mycroft could see it, would be as a tableau, never changing.
"Yes, John. Haven't you been paying attention?"
"Thank you, boys," she said. John grabbed a spoon from the silverware drawer and handed it to her. She served herself, and Sherlock served her a slice of cake after that. He had always had a fondness for Mrs. Hudson. She never called him a Freak, she never threatened to kick him out of the building, she even accepted the severed limbs, which was quite novel. Plus, Mrs. Hudson took care of him a lot more than he took care of himself. He owed her for that, and for keeping John alive until the memory-loss serum kicked in. She helped John and himself, and if she left Baker Street, London would fall.
John started, running back into the kitchen, and finding it very not on fire. "William Sherlock Scott Holmes, why did you lie?!" he huffed.
Clara took the mobile back. "From what I've seen, John loves and wants to marry you just as much as you do. And if you're so worried about it, ask him yourself! We can only give advice; he can give you answers. Please, don't make the mistake of thinking you aren't loved. Harry and I did, and the only reason we're together now is because we talked it out."
"Neither will his desire for me to jump off that roof again, correctly this time!" Sherlock had begun to get up off the floor.
"Pancakes," he replied.
"Alrigh-" The man pushed past him, heading toward the chair across from John's preferred one. That chair had always been empty as far as John knew, and yet the visitor seemed so
"Well, you can't have nights without mornings."
"Quite impressive. Who knew army doctors could have such prowess in the breakfast process?"
Harry laughed. "I miss makeup sex quite a bit, but we don't have to do that for a while if you don't want to."
"I keep thinking I'll get used to that title, but I really doubt it." John let them all into 221B, dropping his keys in the bowl next to the door.
"And then someone turns up and spills all the beans. Who is Brook?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock rustled his coat for a few seconds, but John didn't know why until the shower curtain opened, the detective stepping fully clothed into the stream of water. He was wearing the t-shirt and jeans again, John couldn't believe he hadn't noticed before, and the water quickly suctioned the shirt to his skin. John licked his lips as he stared at his fiancé. Damn, that man had him wrapped around his little finger.
"Yes, I would like to go on a date with you."
"I want to go out with you again when you're sober," Greg said, still holding the drunk politician.
John didn't answer him. "John, I can't take the silence. Tell me I'm kicked out, and get on with your life."
Then that moment passed.
She hummed under her breath. "Dear, you might want to tell Sherlock this. He doesn't get emotions as well as most people." Mrs. Hudson placed a hand over John's hands, which were clasped on the table. "You're very special, John, even if you don't believe it. Sherlock shared a part of himself with you when that man is as cagey as a bird in a pet shop. You mean a lot to him."
"Well,
"You seem to respond better to other things," Sherlock said with a smirk. John fake-glared at him and grabbed the chocolate morsels from the cabinet. The detective pounced on them eagerly.
"Well..." John paused. "Yes, sure. But I wanted you to get out."
"Thank you. John?"
Mycroft tried not to look astonished. "So that happy announcement I was expecting did happen soon after you both moved in."
Molly grabbed her hand and yanked her back. "Don't. You love each other, and you both really can't function well without each other."
