The radio chatter from a nearby ambulance was shifting Dean back and forth from past to present. He needed it to stop. Standing up again, he forced himself to open his eyes, searching. Looking across the street. One, Pizza shop…...two, mother and child with balloons…..three, some kids with football jackets walking across the street…..four, a poster for a music festival…..five, a gurney pulled out of the ambulance - fuck no! This was too hard here…..Dean brought his hands to his face again. A hand on his shoulder shook him to awareness.
They made more small talk as they ate their meal. Dean insisted on paying for dinner even though he had gotten their coffees earlier, arguing that he owed it to Cas for coercing him into the Fisherman’s Platter.
"Just wait until you're inside and feel the hum and power of her engine." Dean beamed at Cas, so proud and happy.
The smooth slow rhythm guitars played and Dean smiled, giving her an approving nod as Patsy Cline sang 'There He Goes.' Mildred would have been in full support of her choice.
” the man said his name like it was bile on the tongue. “You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me. Sod off!” Dean heard a click.
“Cas, I’m sorry,” Dean choked, “I didn’t realize -” He stopped himself. There was nothing he could say.
Cas found himself singing to a few more tunes as he finished up and cleaned the rest of the kitchen. Later he would call Rachel and arrange to meet for dinner later in the week. He thought again about calling Dean to see if he really wanted a 'raincheck' on that lunch or if it was just his polite way of putting him off, but found he still hadn’t quite gotten up the nerve.
Cas wrapped his arms and legs around him, kissing his lips, his cheek, his neck - any part of Dean within reach that he could worship with his lips - the words “I love you...I love you.. I love you..” sprinkled like rain between them.
Cas was lost in a maze of possibilities and heartache. Charlie must have seen the struggle in his eyes. She got up and grabbed him gently by the ankles, lifting his legs straight up so she could plop down on the couch sidling up closer to him, before letting them drop back down across her lap.
Dean squeezed her shoulder in support and did his best to press his lips into a sympathetic smile, but his own eyes were already pained with the strain of pretending he wasn’t about to break.
“What?” Cas’s eyes widened in confusion as he tried to understand. “I thought I explained the letter Dean! First of all it was
He shook it a few times as he laid against his pillow, then turned the light off and tried closing his eyes. He heard the roar of Dean's bike as it started below, a part of him tearing inside as the rumble of its engine faded away. Cas tried for sleep again, but sleep wouldn't come, so he turned on the light again, reached for his glasses and grabbed a book, trying to read, attempting the impossible task of clearing Dean from his mind. It was about an hour later that the phone rang.
Dean hadn’t realized how thirsty he was until Cas asked. In the rush from Sacramento there had been no time to think about bodily needs. “I could use a glass of water or a soda or whatever you have, thanks.”
“In any case...the question is, if you love Cas so much, and he isn’t the cause of your episodes, then what are you going to do about it?”
The day after Dean left, Cas wished more than anything he had a job to go to. But it was Sunday. The warehouse was closed, and he had yet to replace the job he lost at the country club. It left him with nothing to distract him. Nothing to stop him from
Darlene taught him her favorite card game that relied on fast hands more than any strategy, and she let them pick books at the library one day, and sat with one of them on each side of her, reading to them before kissing them and sending them to their room at night.
amazing,” Cas smiled at Rachel as she turned to carry some plates to the next room. Turning to Stephen, his brows drew together, eyeing him carefully.
“Castiel Novak, having given himself over to the unspeakable vice, shall have no share in the estate save what his mother, God rest her soul, has bequeathed him.”
Cas begged silently. He tried to put aside the shattering feeling of history repeating itself. Apart from that, Cas was truly worried about the condition Dean was in, which, even if the initial disorientation had passed, still seemed like one of shock.
As it turned out Cas worked the four hours until lunch and was able to convince a co-worker to cover the rest of his shift in exchange for covering their Friday night. It was shortly after 1:30 when Dean heard footsteps up the stairs followed by the door opening and the shuffling sound of a paper grocery bag.
“Time for you to show ‘em what you got there Deano!” Benny yelled loudly, slapping Dean on the back. Benny hadn’t lied, he wasn’t going to let Dean drown, it's just that he wasn’t going to pull him out of the water either. Benny was dangling the lifeline. Dean had to grab hold and climb out on his own.
“Hmm…” Rufus hummed an approving sound. “Like I said Dean, Castiel isn’t a catalyst to what you’re going through.”
“I told you Cas, Balthazar called and said he couldn’t find you and I worried. I was afraid something bad might have happened to you. And..” he shot a pained look at Cas, “turns out I was kind of right to be.”
Dean rounded the corner and saw Cas step away from the sandwich truck and crouch near the entrance to the alley where the vet was still huddled. He saw Cas pass the man what looked like a cup of coffee and a sandwich, exchanging a few words before standing upright again.
Tommy, who at age eight thought puns were the highest form of entertainment joined in giggling with “Don’t be mad! They're just kitten you Cas!”
Cas flushed. His eyes flicked to Michael’s look of cold steel and while he tried to control the emotion on his own, the older man’s hawkish gaze missed nothing of the exchange.
“Well I could do both I think Cas,” Dean suggested with a hopeful shrug. “Spend some time with Sammy, Bobby, and hopefully Jess, then head over to you?”
We are still working through Dean's perspective in this chapter. Don't worry, Castiel will be coming into the narrative soon enough, but not just yet! Dean has to work through some issues.
“Sweetheart,” Dean whispered pleadingly, pulling his hips close so Cas could feel himself plumping against Dean’s already hard cock. Dean’s eyebrows drew together. There was a strange sadness in his eyes, like heartache. “Cas,
His apartment was essentially one large open room that served as a living space with a kitchen area against one wall and a few windows to the outside world on the opposite side of the room. In the middle of the space Dean had a couch and tv along with an upholstered chair in case of company which he almost never had. On one end of the room there were two doors, one leading to a bathroom and the other his bedroom.
“I know, I know...I didn’t know how to tell you quite honestly,” Balthazar said. “I mean...you’ve had a rough go of late.”
Dean slowly stepped up to the landing and Cas could see what had stopped Dean in his tracks. A figure, hunched over, sitting on the floor outside the apartment. A man, elbows resting on his knees, head in his hands as if to hide his face from the world.
Dean was suddenly conscious of the fact that he was sitting between two couples, like a fifth wheel on the back of a jeep. He was at loss for words. Looking at the candle in the center of the table he tried to slow his breathing, very much aware of the way that Balthazar had moved his arm to lay around Cas’s neck, working his shoulder with his hand.
Dean he had seen that day in the street, before he sought out distraction and comfort from Meg and all hell broke loose.
“Yeah okay, but not before I make us some breakfast. I’m starving and you need something that qualifies as hangover food.”
“Our apartment. I had the landlord check in but he isn’t there. I called his job but he didn’t show up, I thought he might be with you.”
“Cas...I’m sssso sorry about tht th tht this,” he chattered, shivering and pulling his arms around to warm himself. Dean felt terrible. All he’d come here for was to try to convince Cas into at least giving him a second chance or third or whatever number it was now. But all the words had come out wrong. Now he was on the couch like a shivering child and he could barely think straight, his mind flitting from one non sequitur to the next, unable to follow a coherent thread anymore. His teeth chattered so hard it rattled his skull and he ached, bodily and in his heart, and
Returning to Cas’s room he dimmed the lights, closing the door quietly behind him. Dean grabbed the chair from its place along the wall and set it next to the bed, sinking down into it. From here he could hear Cas breathe deeply, as one in sleep.
Cas brought both hands to cradle Dean’s cheeks, the swell of his soft lips joining Dean’s in a soft, slow kiss - tasting him, his tongue sliding against Dean’s lips and licking into his mouth to find its mate. Their tongues played together, sliding along and over each other, each seeking the delicious press of slippery firm muscle.
Rufus narrowed his eyes and nodded, “Huh…” Pressing his lips together he looked Dean dead in the eyes assessing him.
Before Dean realized what was happening Cas’s fist slammed into his jaw, knocking him to his knees. Stunned, he looked up. Cas looked out of his mind, pulling his hand back to strike another blow at Dean’s face.
Dean blanked for a second. He just wanted to overhear what the man was saying.  “Uh...I spilled coffee,” he said finally, his lungs still struggling to ease his breath into a natural rhythm. “Um....do you have some napkins?”  The nurse tore off some paper towels for Dean.
Cas vouched for them smiling down at the pair, “They remembered to say trick or treat and thank you at every house.”
“Oh I think you do Dean.” Rufus challenged. “Maybe not a wife… but see in my experience a man in your position doesn’t go to such great effort to disappear, erase his tracks and become a John Doe unless he’s trying in some misguided way to spare his family.”
Cas glanced sideways at Dean again and thought about how Dean had changed. There was a sharpness to his face there hadn’t been when they met all those years ago. It was more than time. The weight of all Dean had carried had carved years into his brow, chiseled and sharpened the contours of his cheeks and jaw. Dean had aged more than was fair. He looked older than Cas now. War and struggle would do that to you. Believing it's your responsibility to protect and provide for everyone you loved would do that to you. Feeling like you were never enough would do that to you.
It got quiet…When Cas finally spoke his voice was shakier than he wanted it to be, his diaphragm refusing to sync with the rest of his body
Cas, nearly breathless, closed his eyes and teased Dean’s thumb with his teeth and lips as Dean watched.
“Shit!” Cas threw his arm around Dean’s back, pulling him up to stand and leading him as quickly as he could, back to the car. Dean’s every muscle was taut and ready to spring as Cas fished in Dean’s pocket for the keys. He practically threw Dean into the passenger seat and shut the door, moving quickly to get in the driver’s seat, starting the engine and driving the hell out of there.
He felt lighter than air as he drove along the highway and away from the congestion of Sacramento. He was on his way to Cas. Dean drummed his fingers along the steering wheel to the music, singing softly along.
“Well, you probably need sleep if you’re gonna work tomorrow. I should let you go,” Dean said finally.
Dean tasted blood on his lip but was silent now as he held tight to Sam in the back seat, trying to stop him from crying.
Cas smiled at the offer, bringing Dean’s hand up to kiss it before answering. “I was going to ask you the same. Rachel planned something for us - her fiance, and Gabriel and me. I haven’t had Thanksgiving with them since before you and I met.”
Seeing Cas here among the stone structures and gardens, a combined feeling of reverence and desolation welled up in him, but whether because of the melancholic beauty of this place or because of Cas, he wasn’t sure. Maybe it was both.
Sam stared expectantly until Dean rubbed his face in his hands, relenting with an annoyed sigh. "I maybe
He thought about Mildred and the love of her life, sleeping just a few rooms down the hall. If not for this man, Dean wouldn’t have a second chance with Cas at all. Wouldn’t have anything. Dean would have ended up a John Doe, found on a beach the morning after he drank and drugged himself into the next world. Probably would’ve scarred some young family for life, finding him bloated and blue from the tide with his eyes plucked out by seagulls or some crap.
Dean moved his fingers over the top of Cas’s cock, blocking the warm thick ropes of semen as they pulsed from him - letting it coat his fingers. Dean brought his other hand to cover Cas’s head, gently milking him,  - protecting him from the spray as he brought his come-coated fingers to his mouth, sucking each in deep and savoring the musky scent and taste.
Cas huffed a laugh scoffing, “You were driving like a maniac,” his face fell into a smile, his thumb brushing over Dean’s knuckles as their eyes rested a moment in each other's gaze. “But I long since realized it was for exactly that purpose, and I enjoyed every minute of it.”
Ignoring him, Dean grabbed a coverall out of his locker at the back of the shop and put it on. He needed to get his hands on something he could fix. When Dean worked on a bike or a motor everything else drifted to the periphery. He could let his mind empty of everything but the task at hand. That’s what he needed. That’s what he was trying to do. Only this time it wasn’t working. Dean lost track of what he was doing as a litany of worry and regret dominated his thoughts.  He tried to focus on replacing worn parts on the old Harley engine.
He thought about calling Dean. But Dean was with Benny and that would just be pathetic. Despite what Balthazar said he
Cas wanted to clamp a hand over Dean’s mouth and hold him tight, refusing to let him go until he swore to be kinder to himself.
“Cas, don’t,” Dean stopped suddenly, acknowledging that Cas might be right. The shivering was accompanied by an ache in his head and soreness in his muscles. It was more than nerves, “I don’t wanna get you sick.”
“I love it Dean,” Cas had closed the distance before Dean even realized he had moved, pulling him close.
Soft words on rough lips. Something warm and thick and wonderful formed in Castiel’s core at those words. Dean Winchester’s reputation with most people was hard and course, but Cas knew the gentleness with which he treated those he loved first hand. Dean calling him
“It’s so good to just be able to talk to you,” Dean told him. “I was going out of my mind last night trying to reach you.”
.Dean felt an agonizing pull in his chest. He didn’t want Cas to be sorry, he wanted more of Cas, in this place,
It was documented time after time in every conflict from Vietnam, to the Hundred Year’s War, to the Pelopponesean and beyond. Called by different names…. war neurosis, shell shock, combat fatigue, soldier’s heart…. Every era and culture had a different name for it, most recently “Post Vietnam Syndrome”. Still as far as many in the government were concerned if wounds and scars weren’t physical then they didn’t exist. No empirical evidence meant no need to throw money at it. To the bureaucrats it wasn’t a casualty of war, it was a personal human weakness.
"Oh shit!” Cas gasped, barely audible as Dean pulled their hips closer, their dicks rubbing along each other with sweet friction, but Dean heard and chuckled darkly, closing his eyes and bending to catch Cas’s lips between his own. Cas broke the kiss with a shuddering breath as he fought the sudden desperate urge to rut against Dean right there in the alley, but Dean held Cas's hips torturously still, denying him as he leaned in for another kiss. Dean’s lips were soft and gentle at first, but then his tongue sought out Cas’s, brushing his lips and then venturing further when Cas welcomed him in. Dean moved his tongue gently, tenderly for all of the urgency Cas felt. Cas melted into it, stroking the firm tip of his tongue along the length of Dean’s, sending all kinds of delicious jolts through his body at the feel of Dean’s strong slick muscle massaging his own in return.
Cas stared for a moment, worrying his bottom lip, then let out a sigh. “I’ll meet you on the back deck when we’re done. It’s private. We can talk there.”
The words haunted Dean years later, the first time he spread his own legs to put food on the table for Sam. The first time he realized his green eyes, bowed lips and his half-starved frame looked ‘delicate’ enough to someone that they found him ‘pretty’ and were willing to pay.
“Consider it an advance,” she teased, going into another room as Dean continued to protest that he couldn’t carry a tune. “LIES!” Jess yelled back. “I’ve heard you in the shower.”
“You’re doing the grilling though,” she teased. “Maybe invite your sister. Dinner’s at six….Oh yeah, I told your brother to go fuck himself. Hope you don’t mind.”
“There’s a little town about 10 minutes from where you want to be. How about I drop you there. Great diner food.”
Dean knocked Sam’s hand away, downed his 3rd shot and put the bottle back in the cabinet. “Not until I’m sure Cas is okay.”
be. What he wished he had been able to give to Sam. What some still small part of him wished he’d had for himself.  “I’m really sorry I showed up in the middle of your….” Dean gestured around him..."umm...Halloween.”
He turned the volume on the car stereo as high as it could go to try to drown out his thoughts, but unlike the drive this morning, Dean’s heart was heavy and burdened. Nearing home, he passed the Crossroads Tavern. It was a total dive but one of the only places in town that wasn’t overrun by the college crowd. Dean knew it was a bad idea. They’d worked on this.
“What…” Dean croaked the word, then cleared his throat and tried again, “What happened? What do you know?”
“No, I’m sorry Cas...I know you don’t want me here..” Dammit, that wasn’t what Dean had come to say.
Tommy was skipping ahead as they reached the first house next door. Dean and Hannah watched together as Cas let go of the little girl's hand so she could run up the lawn with her brother. Cas watching with a smile from the edge of the lawn.
The piercing tone of the test pattern woke Cas from a doze and he got up to turn off the TV. It was 1 AM. He went to the kitchen and poured himself a shot of vodka, then a second. He was shifting from numb to something darker as he invariably did.
So he didn’t. He decided for once not to try to define it but to just let it be whatever it would become.
Dean breathed a sigh as the weight of those words, finally spoken, lifted from his shoulders...Dean felt
“Sit down here.” Cas disappeared into the bathroom coming out with a thermometer. “Open up,” he said, ordering Dean to put it under his tongue. The next few minutes were quiet except for the sound of Dean’s teeth chattering around the glass of the thermometer. Cas held it up to the light to read it. 103.7.
Cas had been out with Meg the day before, or maybe it was the night before that. Cas’s sense of time was untrustworthy at this point. He had been going about his evening like every other, making his way back to the apartment he shared with Balthazar when he saw him, or
Dean narrowed his eyes and shook his head slightly “I don’t sing…’sides that doesn’t even make any sense! You don’t forgive someone and
Dean sighed. The only thing that could rival time with Cas, was time with Cas. Dean hadn't been so happy, so content in  “....
“Dean Winchester!’ Rufus said, recognizing Dean’s deep baritone. “It’s been a long time Dean. How are you?”
, helping out some lost stranger. It could have easily been Dean. He thought about Fred, and how when he was face down in the sand without hope, Fred had reached out for him, just as Cas was reaching out for this nameless man, lost in his own way.
Cas thought she looked annoyingly impressed. He stood as Dean looked up the lawn towards where they stood. Cas could feel the sudden thickness of tension radiating from him.
Here now though, sitting across from him, Dean was tentative, Dean was reserved, Dean was anything but fearless. No dipping fries in milkshakes and pushing outrageous hookups. Dean gripped the third refill of his plain black coffee like he was holding on for dear life. Cas was beginning to think that maybe the story he told himself at his weakest, that
Cas settled himself into a chair next to but sufficiently apart from Dean, with Balthazar on his right.
Cas’s eyebrows shot up. “I am fairly certain you’re going to hell, Dean,” Cas crossed his arms over his chest, shaking his head at him before breaking into a laugh.
Dean opened the door a few moments later, edging by Cas as he looked at the scraped and cut knuckles of Dean’s hand and glanced, open-mouthed at the broken mirror over the sink. “I’m sorry Cas...I’ll pay to have that fixed.”
Cas had forgotten it was so close to Halloween. He got out and followed Dean through the stands of smaller pumpkins to the giant ones lined up along the ground nearer the cashier. Dean picked up a huge one and passed it to Cas, “Hold this.” Cas let out a grunt as the weight of it pulled on him. Dean grabbed two more, one under each arm and brought them to the cashier set up at a little outdoor table under a tree.
Maybe it was the result of pent-up emotion, finally released, but Cas watched as a wave of sleepiness came over Dean again, visibly affecting his features. Cas gave Dean a sweet smile, urging him to lie back down, then willed his own body to calm and resumed his spot in the chair adjacent. He picked up a newspaper this time to work on the crossword, as Dean’s eyes drifted shut and he fell into a much needed rest.
Dean smiled sweetly, looking at Cas like he must be a dream and not really, truly there in the flesh in front of him. “I’ve missed you so much.” Dean’s other hand went to Cas’s temple, brushing back a lock of hair that had fallen forward there.
Cas loved the feeling of Dean’s hands on him, demanding, strong. He closed his eyes and leaned into it.
“Really, I’m okay Dean,” Cas assured him, but his complexion and total look of exhaustion belied his words.
Dean took the box back up the stairs as quietly as he could, despite the creakiness of several steps. He added some sentiment to the note, placed the box next to it, and struggled for a moment with how to sign his name.
Dean made a study of his shoes. He looked away to the wall opposite Fred and cleared his throat, his jaw visibly tightening.
Cas smiled back. Getting up, he collected their dirty plates and brought them to the sink, leaving them there for later and joining Balthazar on the couch. Cas laid down and put his head in Balthazar’s lap, letting him card his fingers through his hair as he stared blankly at the tv.
Dean stood up, looking around him as if confused, then settling his gaze towards the side of the house with the garage. “I left it in the pack on my bike.”
Cas led Balthazar by the hand back to the table and sat. They joked and talked a while longer until Sam and Jess mentioned that they needed to start heading home. It wasn’t that late, but they had a long drive back to Sacramento. Dean was going to ride with Benny in his car back to Dean’s place, and they all agreed that this was “nice'' and they should do it again. Dean, Balthazar and certainly Benny knew this was just a pleasant fiction to end the night on.
“Uhh yeah, I’m pretty sure we get the same stations you get in Sacramento,” Cas laughed and turned on the channel. “Looks like you’ll have to sit through Captain Kangaroo first, but it’ll be on this channel when the kids’ shows are done if you want me to leave it here.”
“It's beautiful here,” Dean said, watching as ferries and motorboats made their way back and forth from a pier in the distance.
Releasing Dean’s waist, Cas lowered his eyes and backed away. This was wrong. Dean said he wanted 'closure.' Cas hated himself for feeling so needy.
I thought about Cas being at the point of reevaluating things and trying to figure himself out. He needs to rediscover his sense of self and that there are things in his life outside of Dean if he's ever going to be able to have a happy ending. If this were set in the 1990's I might have Cas getting dragged out to a 'girl's night out' with friends from work and singing Karaoke to Cher's "Do you Believe in Life After Love." I think that sums up the question that Cas is struggling with.
” British monarchy and the queen and Dean took the opportunity to switch the topic to Queen and Brian May’s talent as a guitar player,
“Wow,” Hannah whispered to Cas as he stood. “I don’t know who he is, but my ovaries just fell out and started rolling towards him!” she chuckled, but then her eyes narrowed as the man stood there, unmoving, looking up the lawn at them. She glanced at Cas, his back stiff, lips parted, his eyes wide. “Cas? Are you okay? Do you know this guy?”
Dean was just sitting back down, his brow furrowed, when Linda returned to the table with the change from their bill.
The woman looked uncomfortable now, “I’m sorry sir, but I can’t give out any personal information regarding our patients.”
Cas laughed, “Mad? No. I was a little sad…. Okay if I’m being honest I was worried you’d changed your mind again.”
Dean wet one of the extra cloth napkins he’d brought in the stream and used it to clean himself and Cas. Getting dressed, Dean set out the food again, the containers having been knocked to the side during the afternoon's activities. Dean made a mental note to test the theory that meals always tasted better when dessert came first.
By the next week his dad was back, carelessly scarfing down the rest of the food Dean had paid for with his body, and announcing he was moving them again back to Sacramento.
It was then that he remembered it was Sunday, and just about everything was closed. Cursing he sat back down and grabbed a mug of the coffee he’d brewed. When he’d finished it he grabbed his wallet and fished out a card from inside. He dialed the number on the card for the first time in months.
Maybe Cas was going out to celebrate with friends, or maybe he’d gone early to stay over at Rachel’s. Maybe he was home and pissed and wanted nothing more to do with Dean.
Charlie smirked, pretending to swoon, “We heard all about his green eyes, the sun- what was it sun-kissed?”
Cas couldn’t respond. All the blood necessary to supply oxygen to his brain had flooded straight to his heart.
“Wish I could…” Dean shrugged at him, then looked back to his battered reflection. “I don’t remember.”
They both drove off, smiling like idiots as they waved goodbye. Dean’s heart was full, but aching, as if a string between them was being stretched - and thinking about how slowly a week passes when what you want more than anything is at the end of it.
Dean winced, putting a hand to his head as he sat up, but he took his medicine and drank most of the glass.
They spent the rest of the day laughing, talking, watching sports and old movies, and having way too much food and perhaps a few too many cocktails. Both of Cas’s pies were a hit. Gabriel didn’t waste any more time teasing or warning him but cast him a curious look once or twice over the course of the evening.
“You’re an asshole,” he said finally, quietly, still staring at the closed door, not even turning to look at Balthazar. “You just made him feel like shit, and we were only saying goodbye. Are you that goddamn insecure?”
Bobby made sure Dean had a job, and once John took off again it was Bobby who introduced Dean to racing and made him go to the local high school. Dean ended up dropping out anyway in favor of taking on a second job, but Bobby made him promise to get his GED and he did.
Dean parked in the visitor’s parking lot of San Francisco General. Keeping as far from the ER lot, with its cries of sirens and rushing medics, as he could. Using the main entrance he went to the information desk to enquire about Castiel Novak. He didn’t know what he was going to do after that. He realized he hadn’t thought this through enough. Not knowing the state that Cas was in, he could hardly just grab a visitor's pass, waltz in and say “Hey babe remember me? I’m the guy who promised you I would be yours forever....until I just fucking left.”
Dean hadn’t heard from Cas in weeks. Had pretty much given up hope that Cas would ever call again and unfortunately
Sinking back down into a chair with a gardening magazine while Dean laid back on the pillows humming softly to the music. Cas caught him stealing a peek at him with one opened eye.
Despite being short on words, Rufus could hear Dean breathing deeply on the other end of the line. Taking it in, calming himself.
different, Cas putting it like that. Dean didn’t do well with feelings, or for that matter things outside of his control, but choices?
“Cas and I have talked a few times to reconnect since we all went out together. I never should have let us lose touch.” Jess smiled back at Cas.
“I know Dean...you want to fix things. You always do. That’s admirable, but not everything is fixable.” Cas said sadly.
These were the last of the applications. Excellent schools, but Cas had initially hesitated on them for one reason or another, mostly location or cost. The mindlessness of filling in the personal information was something he thought maybe he could handle today. The repetitive motion of moving the pen over paper, writing the same things over and over -  a nuisance on any other day - seemed to be exactly what Cas needed to keep everything else at bay. It was either this or crawl into a fetal position in bed and cry some more. Cas couldn’t handle that. He had typed copies of his personal statements and essays and letters of evaluation ready to stuff in envelopes. Now it was just about writing out all the demographics on the forms, and of course the envelopes to address and checks to write for the application fees.
There was a small set up on stage and a woman was singing and playing piano. Cas had suggested the club as a place that had a good local vibe and a quiet atmosphere. Good for “catching up.” Dean hated the way he said it. “Catching up.” Like classmates who once went to school together, or people who had worked in the same office. It was so casual, so detached from any real significance. Dean’s fingers tapped with anxious energy as he took a pull on his beer.
He realized then how stupid he’d ever been to think anyone had been fooled in college seeing him and Dean together.
Cas heard an audible sigh. Looking up, he met Dean’s eyes, a well of unspoken sadness looking back at him as he brought their hands back to the table.
They drove within sight of the Buttes for a while enjoying the view of the pretty little range that locals said was the smallest mountain range in the world, before turning around and heading back the way they came.
Dean was still afraid that if Cas realized how actually screwed up he was...how he had been ready to take his own life, how he’d then spent more than a year ruminating over the shit storm of Vietnam and all of his failure and regrets, from his father to Sam, to leaving him, well...he might realize how shattered Dean actually was - how fragile he still felt, like a vase held together with a paste of flour and water, desperately willing the contents within
Cas felt Dean’s head, still too warm, but not burning, and Dean’s ability to focus his eyes and maintain conversation told Cas that the fever was starting to subside for now. He went to his bedroom, bringing out pajama pants, a tee shirt, and a towel.
“Mmmm...” he hummed. “Freaking younger siblings, right? No clue what we older brothers sacrifice for them.”
“That’s sweet,” again, Dean waited while Cas paused. “I’m okay though Dean, really. I worry about you though. No matter what happens with Jess, Sam's going to be okay because he has you...but when was the last time someone took care of
“Who are you?” Tommy asked suspiciously, looking up at Dean like he was a giant who might have to be slain.
Cas was shaken from the memory. He looked up at the children blinking. Tommy held up a full-sized Hershey bar and Jenny showed him a giant Kit Kat.
The drinks kept coming. Glancing around the room, Benny, his experience in these matters vast, could tell almost by looking now who was drunk, who was stoned and who was tripping. Cas was merely buzzed and Balthazar well on his way to being inebriated. Dean was...well Dean was stone cold sober which was good, but he was closing off...going under. Sam was telling Cas about the new bike Dean was building, but Dean, rather than pick up the lead just nodded distractedly and took another pull on his beer.
Dean had gently turned Cas’s head and was feverishly mouthing along the back of his ear, working his way along the curve of his neck, all the while still rocking against him - finding the little sensitive places he knew would make Cas squirm and utter soft plaintive cries as Dean sucked little marks into his skin.
“Then I hid around the corner in the next room and Dean blasted the radio and TV at full volume, flicked on the lights and ran out of the room before our old man knew what was happening!”
It was a warm and bright Saturday morning in October, the sun quickly imprinting it’s heat on Dean’s black t-shirt as he climbed into Baby, started the engine, and popped a mixed tape into the deck. The speakers opened up with an acoustic guitar solo that Dean had been desperately trying and failing to master since he’d first heard it come across the radio.
Cas shivered, relaxing his body into Dean until his back was flush against him. He hummed happily at the feel of Dean’s teeth and tongue playing along bare skin as he kissed a path back up to his earlobe, teasing there. Dean brought one hand under Cas's shirt, wandering along the muscles of his torso as he kissed him, the other slipping slowly down to palm the front of his jeans. Cas moaned softly, at the feel of Dean's fingers exploring him, his legs parting slightly as Dean's hand slid along the curve between his thighs.
Cas’s eyes lit up as he smiled, then chuckled, shaking his head and taking another sip of his drink as he cast his eyes down towards the dance floor on the lower level and blushed slightly. Dean’s heart leapt. Cas looked so
He thought of his own apartment back in Sacramento. Dean had been there over a year now and it still had the Spartan feel and look of a place you would just go to crash for the night. Meanwhile Cas had been here little more than a month yet he’d created something cozy and inviting.
Cas disappeared again but then was back, sitting on the edge of the couch where Dean lay, pressing a cool damp cloth to his forehead. Dean reached up and caught his wrist, shifting fingers down until their hands entwined. Dean pulled Cas’s knuckles against his lips.
Dean got out and Cas smiled a hello, even as he knew he must be a fool for agreeing to this. Dean’s smile was tender, but his eyes held that glint that Cas remembered. Like trouble, the most exquisite kind, was always lurking right behind a hastily built facade of proper behavior.
up for a challenge, fought to keep his own expression in check. The last thing he wanted to do was end up in a cockfight and upset Cas. He had hurt him enough.
Castiel gave a shake of his head and Dean and Sam stepped out to get drinks from the bunker’s kitchen.
They sat on the back deck of Sam and Jess’s place toasting their engagement and Dean’s homecoming. Dean found this was one of the happy moments.
Tomorrow Dean was supposed to be with his family for Thanksgiving. First with Sam and Bobby and then later with Cas and his family. Cas had asked him to spend the night, a tremor in his voice. How could Cas be nervous? How could he still doubt that Dean wanted nothing more? He’d told Cas as much again just last night when they spoke on the phone between Dean’s shift ending and Cas’s beginning.
“CAS!” he yelled, his body fighting to gain an inch of ground, but everywhere he stepped there was mud and bodies.
Dean said to him about it once. It was the one-year anniversary of the night they’d met. Cas hadn’t realized, but Dean had.  Had tattooed the date on his memory - brought home two wine glasses from the thrift shop and a bottle of wine from the liquor store down the street. He’d made them some kind of casserole.
Dean remembered by the end of the first week wishing his Dad would marry Darlene and be good to her so that Darlene could cuddle with them and read longer at night instead of having so many visitors. On Mother’s Day Dean would make her breakfast in bed, and his father wouldn't drink so much anymore because he'd be happy, and they could all be a family. Darlene was special and loving and kind. His father must have thought so too. Surely everyone who met her must think so.
Cas spoke his name like a caress. “Can I call you later to say goodnight? Will you be at this number?”
“The ice….That’s new. One minute you were ducking what sounded like gunfire and saw Cas bleeding, the next you were holding ice.”,
for them both. Cas had been so excited to go to the beach that day, and Dean so proud to be able to take him. Maybe that explained the smile.
For the next two days, Dean arrived at work early and stayed late, talking little, smiling less. He poured every measure of his energy into his work, and when things were slow at the shop he went to Sam and Jess’s house. Both of them came home from a flea market Saturday bewildered to see that Dean had mowed their lawn and cleaned their gutters. Sam, insisting on thanking Dean, suggested they all go grab a bite, but Jess cryptically insisted she had her own plans. So Dean and Sam grabbed burgers and went to the pool hall, and Sam racked and Dean broke and cleared the table of solids before his brother even got a turn. Sammy’s eyes widened and Dean was so impressed with himself he actually broke a smile for the first time in days.
Cas’s eyes went wide, searching Dean’s as his lips parted. "I thought..." Cas faltered. "I thought you just did that because it was a song you liked." He cocked his head, "That was....
Sam noticed Dean’s hands shaking. “Dean relax. Cas is safe. The poison is out and I think he really does seem better than he was earlier.”
“I can’t be there...so you have to do it,” Cas said, his voice soft, not put on like a phone sex voice or anything, just deep and soft and so very Cas. Dean liked the feeling that spread through him as he spoke.  “Rub your neck Dean...slip your fingers through your hair like I would.”
“You always change the radio when Elvis comes on, and at first I thought you didn’t like him, but I can usually tell when someone’s pining.”
money he would keep and use judiciously to finish his studies. Cas had excellent grades and if he could get a scholarship for med school he could use the funds to help with living expenses.
Cas could feel the heat that sprang to his face. He hated the thought that Charlie could see it all over him. Grudgingly he nodded at her, though his jaw was still tight.
Cas crossed his arms on his chest defensively now as memory flooded him. Like holding your breath underwater for as long as you could before bursting, he wondered how long he could listen.
“I understand the fireworks, Rufus, but I’ve been to fireworks before and I've been maybe on edge - but nothing like that. I've always been able to leave. But the...I mean losing it...both times it was about Cas.”
Normally, Cas enjoyed the quiet insulated separateness of the loop of cul de sacs where he now lived. Tonight however, as he rounded the final loop with Tommy and Jenny in tow he realized the flaw in the cul de sac’s design. No escape route. He found himself wishing for an outlet to another street if only to stave off the meeting with Dean that waited for him at the end a little longer. Cas had surprised even himself with his reaction to Dean’s arrival. He was ashamed now at how he'd spoken to Dean, but it was overwhelming. It caught him off guard, and he'd panicked.
“Um, yes it is,”  Cas muttered. “Jesus Dean, are you about to be a snob about it?” he said more with amusement than any actual irritation.
Mildred smiled sympathetically, “I don’t know Dean,” and it was the honest truth, “I just knew Sweetheart.”
Cas was pissed now. “You don’t understand what I went through when he left. I never said goodbye. He never gave me the chance to say goodbye.”
Rufus nodded over to the door behind him and Dean got up and went in. He returned to the bed and sat back down. Rufus had taken a chair at the foot of the bed.
It often followed the same pattern - A soldier comes home with invisible mental trauma. They are thrown back into civilian life with no support. They don’t understand what's happening to them because, by design, no one in the military has ever explained it to them. They look fine, they have all their limbs and fingers and toes so everyone thinks they should be thankful -  “Get over it, son.”
“Hey, we’d better eat before this stuff gets cold," he continued. "No reason we can’t enjoy the drinks Sir sent too.”
At Dean’s lack of response the doctor continued, “You were brought in after a Samaritan reported a possible overdose.”
“No fair,” Cas said, pulling away again only to pull up at Dean’s shirt until it too was discarded and forgotten, tossed somewhere in the front seat. “Need to feel you too.
His face flushed crimson, from embarrassment, or shame or maybe both. Cas didn't know, he just wanted to fix it. He wanted to sweep away the awkwardness - wipe away the sadness that had crept into Dean's eyes.
Dean recoiled and Cas’s hands, teeming with maggots, pulled away from Dean’s cheeks. Cas tilted his head, brow furrowed. “But you left me,” he said.
“That coffee ready yet babe?” Charlie glanced into the kitchen and Cas heard Charlie’s girlfriend Stevie answer.
But this? Closure on the most important thing he’d ever had in his life? What Dean was offering now was a double-edged sword. Closure meant that he could finally stop worrying whether or not Dean was safe, but it also meant he’d need to stop hoping they could ever be together again. To make peace with it.
Dean turned back to Cas who was looking out at the water, a contented smile on his face. “Do you ride the cable cars a lot?”
“Ever read the story of Odysseus Dean?” at Dean’s blank look he continued, “The Odyssey...the Trojan War? Charybdis? The Cyclops? I thought that was still standard high school fare.”
“Take care of yourself tonight Dean,” he said. “You can call me, later tonight or anytime it gets to be too much.”
“Yeah,” Dean breathed, some tension releasing in his voice. “He’s...he’s become really important to me. I’m so sorry Cas. I had to come right away. I was afraid he might…
Cas and Dean each sipped on the house lager. The morning had been hot and humid but now that the rain moved through a pleasant breeze blew over the water bringing to shore the sweet briny smell of the sea mixed with petrichor. Dean shed his flannel stripping down to his t-shirt, enjoying the feel of the warm breeze on his skin.
It was awkwardly quiet again. Finally Dean spoke, “Look Cas, I’m sorry for what I did. It wasn’t your fault. I was messed up, really messed up and none of it was your fault.”
Sam nodded. He had seen Cas last spring by chance. “We’re moving to San Francisco.” He told Sam when they awkwardly ran into each other in a gas station lot. Sam looked over at the car, the back packed with boxes of belongings. A young man about Cas’s age behind the wheel looking out as Cas pumped the gas.
Retreating to just beyond the cafe’s seating area he waited, and Cas, rounding the corner seconds later joined him.
Balthazar excused himself, landing a peck on Cas’s cheek, making for the bathroom. Dean looked back at Cas who was still applauding and just like that, for a second time in his life, lightning struck.
Cas was grateful for the attempted rescue, but Hannah’s support was nothing in the face of the wide kitten eyes Jenny flashed up at him. Cas sighed, conceding defeat.
Dean groaned, putting a hand to his head. It felt like a landslide had come down on him. He had no idea how he ended up in bed, stripped down to his boxers and a t-shirt.
Dean enjoyed these times and found himself naturally drawn to Mildred. She was like a mother to him. Dean only remembered bits and pieces of his own mother who died when he was four. Sense images really. The way she said his name when she held him close. The safeness of it. The feel of her hair against his cheek as she snuggled him. The smell of lilacs in her hair. He had been loved then. The only other time he felt something even close was with Cas. He imagined that if she had lived she’d have been a lot like Mildred, and maybe he and Sammy’s lives would have been different.
Everyone seemed to have something to say but Dean. Sam had gotten into a discussion about work and was rambling on to Benny and Balthazar about the potential political ramifications of some case he was working on. Cas was listening, seeming genuinely interested. The only thing Dean could think of was just how extremely aware he was of Balthazar’s arm, still gripping Cas’s shoulder in what looked to Dean like a gesture of ownership.
Cas shrugged. “When we were near the college we never had a yard and I was always busy with school, so I never really thought about it. But out here where there are yards and a lot more trees and birds...I think if I had a place like this someday I might like it.”
“Big tips in that part of town!” Charlie told him. Cas wasn’t thrilled that this essentially meant he would be working seven days a week most weeks, but a letter from NYU’s Grossman School of Medicine energized him with the knowledge that this too would pass.
“Yeah, well I’m not so sure.” The man rubbed his chin. “See if you have the money to pay for booze, well then you must have at least a little money to go towards settling his debt.” He eyed Dean up and down as the third man came up on Dean’s other side, penning him in. “That is, unless you're giving Crowley some other kind of payment.” The man laughed, elbowing tattoo guy on Dean’s right.
The sounds of the surf sedated him and he watched the sun melding slowly into the sea, blending colors across the water. His hand reached into his pocket, fingering the small pills there. Dean popped several into his mouth swallowing them down with another swig.
“What can I say?” he shrugged. “You inspire me.” Dean was nervous, almost fearful. This really was out of his comfort zone, but Cas loved romantic movies and songs where the guy always did this kind of shit. The thought of surprising Cas with something soft and sweet like he deserved had buoyed Dean through an otherwise frustrating week.
"The man who reported your situation, he owns a cab service? You left your name with him when you arranged your ride."
- it didn’t matter - all the accusations the world hurled at him would fall away like unexploded ordnance compared to the one he was most afraid of - the one he hurled at himself. He was killing Cas...he’d nearly done it before...maybe Cas was right about the blood this time but he could see the strain in Cas’s face, the hurt in his eyes. Dean was
Later, Cas went into his bedroom to change into pajamas or sweats to sleep in. The phone rang and he picked up the extension on his nightstand. It was Rachel.
“Umm, I’m sorry, that’s what I was calling you to find out. My brother Gabriel said you called and were asking about him. I’d like to find him too. I was wondering if you had any luck?”
Dean leaned forward, eyes closed, bringing his forehead to rest against his as Cas’s hands moved first to Dean’s shoulders, before slipping beneath his arms and moving down his torso to his waist, drawing Dean’s body closer, slotting his cheek against Dean's, a scent of citrus and cedar. Cas wanted so much to kiss him. He could feel Dean's breath, warm against his ear as he spoke.
The doctor made another infuriating scribble on his clip board, said something to the nurse about cc’s or some medication Dean didn’t recognize and within seconds a nurse was jabbing his arm with a needle.
“Incoming!” Dean hit the ground as an explosion lit up the jungle to his right, followed by a second. Crawling through the mud on his stomach, there were screams of men up ahead and the foreign chatter of orders being shouted. Charlie had them pinned down. Hendrickson was shouting for the men to fall back and Dean motioned Miligan to head out low while Dean covered him, his eyes up ahead to where Charlie was sweeping the jungle with a hail of bullets. Suddenly Dean heard Miligan cry out as an M60 sounded behind him.
“An ex-girlfriend invited me to a party at her sorority so I went to say hello and because I had nothing better to do. She and I were just friends at that point. You know, messing around on occasion.”
Sam picked up the tab for everyone and they all threw something down for a tip before exiting out into the parking lot. Looking at the line of people waiting to get in just as they were ready to call it a night, Dean was acutely aware of how much older he felt now than just ten years ago when he and Cas met and a party could last all night. Benny and Balthazar both went to their respective vehicles allowing Cas and Dean to hang back a little to speak privately in a little shadowed spot against the wall. Facing Cas, Dean tentatively reached for his hand, and Cas didn’t object.
“Look man!....” Dean choked, trying a different tack. “If you knew what I was... you wouldn’t give a shit about trying to save me.”
They were back at the cable car stop, just in time to hop on if they hurried. Cas paid the driver who no doubt assumed they were stoned as Dean got out still laughing.
“Whatcha listening to?” She nodded towards the jukebox, lit up and flashing from Dean’s quarter, waiting for a selection. Dean hadn’t thought that far. He’d just been looking for a distraction.
“Shhhhh...it’s okay.. Be a good boy for me Cas.” Dean’s hand came up, gently, but firmly gripping Cas’s chin, his index finger rubbing against Cas’s lips, pushing delicately into his mouth to run along the ridge of his teeth and tongue, looking at Cas as if his mouth belonged to him, and Dean was simply admiring his property. "Only good boys get tricks and treats."
The music changed and Cas felt disoriented. The flickering of lights from the dance floor, the smell of Dean’s skin, a mixture of rich musky cologne and sweat, and the fluttering sensation in his chest as his breathing became more rapid threatened to overwhelm his senses. He closed his eyes as Dean’s hand reached up to trace around Cas’s ear with his fingers, threading his fingers through his hair before bringing his hand to cup his cheek.  Cas leaned into it and let his lips caress along Dean’s fingers. He took the tip of Dean’s pinky gently between his teeth to taste, and opened his eyes to see Dean staring back at him, lips parted and glassy-eyed as he swayed with him to the beat.
He knew he shouldn’t worry. Cas wasn’t a kid and he had more resources at his disposal. Besides, there were plenty of decent customers as well, but the thought that Cas had to do it at all upset him. Dean had promised he would take care of him. Another promise broken.
The system was excellent at making sure that physical wounds were attended to whenever possible, even rewarding them with Purple Hearts and ceremony. Emotional wounds were the dirty little secret. There were no medals for having endured them. You weren’t supposed to have them. If you did, you weren’t supposed to acknowledge them.
“You’ll catch flies with your mouth open like that Cas!” he teased, “is it really so shocking that I’d want to have a picnic with you?"
“Well, sleep can wait. I’m not leaving you until I know for sure you’re okay. And so far I’m not entirely convinced” Dean insisted stubbornly.
“Want what to stop?” Rufus pressed. Dean shut his eyes, then looked off into some corner of the room avoiding the question.
The slam of a car door in another part of the lot snapped them both back to the reality of where they were.  Dean pushed himself up to a sitting position, urging Cas up with him, his right arm stretching around his shoulders, his left holding Cas's hand as he snuggled in next to him. It was getting late and Dean would need to take the long drive back to the shop. Cas for his part heading back to his place to change for an evening shift at the warehouse where the holiday uptick had already begun.
“Yeah...I don’t have it with me,” Dean lied, “but if you give me your number I can make sure he gets it today, that is, if you want him to call you.”
Dean leaned back, shaking his head slightly, his eyes going wide as if opening them for the first time. “Cas, how the hell do you know that?”
“Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.” Mildred looked up at him, “Is that the one you mean dear?”
“His cousin’s shop. The guy’s getting older and Bobby’s pretty much the owner now...I should probably go there and shower…….If I go…”
Balthazar looked over at Cas surprised. He’d told him he was looking into it. He must have learned he got the job before his drug binge with Meg.
Dean’s eyes might hold a lingering hint of sadness, but at least that was a sign of life. Something more than that emptiness in his expression after the war.
Dean removed his hand from Cas’s mouth, quickly licking his other fingers to wet them. He kissed him again, circling his wet fingers around each of Cas’s sensitive nipples. Dean alternated, first swirling, then pulling gently, then flicking, then twisting between his fingers, then changing from one kind of touch to the next unpredictably and relentlessly, sending pulses of pleasure straight to Cas’s cock, kissing and working him to a frenzy until he was writhing under Dean’s touch.
But then, he’d heard Cas’s name given frantically at the desk of a hospital by a stranger, Cas was in trouble, and Dean was very very much right THERE, feet away, but not able to be the one to go to him, to hold him, to love, and worry and stay with Cas and hold his hand and whisper that it was going to be okay, and the sum total of all Dean’s mistakes came crashing down on him in that moment. When his initial panic faded, Dean became acutely aware of how much time he had wasted.
“I can make your body hurt Dean,” the man whispered, breaking into Dean’s thoughts. “But in the end you’ll be free...feel good...so, so good. You deserve that don’t you. To be
Cas chuckled and Stephen, having gotten the initial approval of the protective older brother, relaxed his shoulders and smiled before grabbing utensils to go help Rachel set the table.
“Yeah, he’s gonna be okay though, they think. He fell and really messed up his hip and back when it happened though. Me and Garth are working on setting up the house so that he can use a wheelchair here for a few weeks while he starts physical therapy. I’ll be up here for most of the weekend building some ramps and stuff and making sure Mildred has everything they need. You know, helping him get settled.”
Cas reached out and gripped Dean’s wrist, standing on the lawn in sweats and a tee and bare feet, even through his glasses Dean could see his eyes broadcasting a bundle of emotions from confusion to frustration to hurt.
He’d told Cas he wanted to spend the rest of his life with him. Cas thought they’d never been happier.
“Dad left us with Bobby when we were in Sacramento. We bounced around a lot. East coast, west coast - anything or everything in between.”
He could have had Cas all along, could have had Cas with him tonight if he’d never left but he’d fucked it all up.
Sam squinted his eyes, cocking his head slightly with that annoying ‘cross-examination’ look that came so naturally to him. “Dean you broke a fucking chair over someone’s head. How can you not remember that?”
Cas’s hand came to the back of Dean’s head and stroked against his hair, pressing him closer. Suckling on Cas like this awoke something primal and vulnerable in Dean that coiled deep inside him, spreading a warmth through his stomach. He felt his cock grow harder with every little gasp and moan he pulled from Cas, every flick and feel of the hard tip against his tongue.
only to find out Cas hadn’t even thought about Halloween in years. Dean sometimes forgot how much time had passed. Maybe it was because he wanted to erase the years in between. In the end Cas had smiled politely, accepting Dean’s gesture.
And then the rain had thundered on the roof, and he’d curled up on the couch with an old movie and his heart made him glaringly aware of the thing he most wanted at that moment, the thing...or rather the person he ached for. The void that had once been filled by Dean was still a void.
The night was clear, much colder than that summer night with Cas. The shrubs and trees had lost some of their leaves but the reflecting pool was lit with soft light, and the moon,  a waning crescent, cast a glow on the water. Dean wandered around alone in this place that seemed to transcend time and imagined Cas here with him here again, not as in the nightmare, but how he had really been, that summer. They had both felt the promise of something that night - Dean was sure of it. At the time he didn’t realize it had been reciprocal, but recent events cast everything in a different light. Why was he always doubting himself? It never used to be like this. Another casualty of war.
Okay...This is a dark one (ducks head from anything you might be about to throw at me) - though there are some attempts at comfort thrown in for each of our boys from friends and family.
When you left all those years ago it felt like part of me died. I didn’t understand what I had done wrong - why I drove you away. I should have known it was the war but I felt so sad and helpless. I felt like I had let you down. I thought if there was just something I could do to make things turn out differently I could fix it.
The warning look was replaced with a flash of pure anger. Dean’s questions about whether Cas was actually ‘doing great’ or the idea that Dean was ‘punishing himself’ aside, Sam had no right to step into this territory with him.
Dean’s eyes snapped back to Cas’s at that, widening with surprise. Cas’s blue eyes welled behind his glasses and a stray tear escaped down his cheek. Dean could see he was hurt, so hurt Cas looked like he might shatter. It clicked. They both had invisible wounds. Cas’s were different than Dean’s, but they were anything but superficial.
Dean looked at the clock and willed himself to wait five minutes before calling again. He made it to four before dialing. It rang.
The guys in the shop gave him a wave as Dean took off up the stairs. Throwing his backpack on the table of the studio apartment he crashed down on the bed, leaning back against the headboard and lit a cigarette.
Shhhhhhhhh….the nurse soothed as Dean was pushed back into the bed, his arms strapped down as the doctor nodded to the orderly.. Within less than a minute Dean gave in, whatever they shot him with worked quickly. This wasn’t worth it right now, he decided. He was tired. He could slip out once these assholes were focused elsewhere. After he found some clothes that is. Dean drifted off to sleep, thankfully this time, one without dreams.
He found himself wondering if Balthazar cooked breakfast for Cas on Sundays, or if Cas did the cooking, or if they went out to eat, or if Cas ate breakfast at all.
Dean had a strange feeling of deja vu. Bobby once told the story of a ghostly maiden who walked along the dunes of the shore, watching for the return of her lover who had been lost at sea. Dean sighed, trying to shake away the feeling that he was somehow like that maiden.
“Consider it done,” Dean promised smoothly. He had to throw Sam something. This was an easy give. Dean looked at the clock. It was already noon. He wanted to push the last 36 hours out of his mind.
Dean thought about asking Cas to come upstairs with him but knew it was a selfish and likely disastrous wish.
“So...you were pretty out of it last night,” Cas ventured cautiously, as he flipped through some of the LPs.  He glanced behind him briefly to see Dean rub a hand over his forehead.
. He froze as their eyes fastened on one another. Cas swallowed hard up at him, and for a moment everything was fixed in place. There was no sound but the sound of the blood rushing inside him like waves. There was no club. There was just Cas and Dean
“Thank you,” Cas’s eyes shone like lights as his lips curved into a smile he felt emanating from his core. “This was the perfect date.”
“The rain gods have terrible timing,” Dean smirked, but even as he said it the downpour lightened, almost as quickly as it came, and people hurrying on the street settled back into a relaxed pace as the rain clouds moved on.
“Look Cas, I know you don't want me here. You don’t have to keep pretending. I’m a big boy, I can take care of myself on my own couch. You’ve done enough for me...thanks.”
“You’re gonna be okay Dean.” Benny told him, smiling. It was a statement, not a question. Dean nodded.
Dean winced, his brow furrowed. He pressed his lips tight to stop their trembling, trying to gain control over his emotions. “I don’t know….They brought him in this morning on a gurney. Did you know Cas was in San Francisco?”
The weather forecast called for sunny skies and Dean thought about taking a ride out of town on his motorcycle for the day. A change of scenery would be good to remind him of the world that bustled outside these walls. He needed groceries and the market closed early on Sunday, but if he left within the hour he’d have enough time to get out of the city and enjoy a long ride on some country roads before coming back to grab food for the week.
“Heh, - I don’t plan on being in here long enough. Whatever I need to do I’ll just do it. I want out.”
Dean’s voice gentled now, as he looked back into Cas’s eyes “I know that you’re more than what you let people see, and I’m just a fuck up but you make me want to be a better person...and I know enough to know that….that I love you, and you might not believe it, but if you give me time I’ll prove it to you Cas.” Dean took Cas’s hand again, pressing his knuckles to his lips. “I’ll prove it. I’ll be so good to you.”
Cas got in the car and watched as Dean ran back into the vestibule of the apartment building and disappeared. He let out a deep breath. A worry stole into his heart for a moment over Sam and Jess. He cared for them both, and hoped it was just a temporary quarrel. Still, there was nothing he could do for either of them tonight, and Dean had Sammy in hand.
Dean’s heart suddenly leapt into his throat. He managed to keep his voice steady enough to say “Sounds good!”
Cas snapped back to the conversation. “I was just thinking of how much more school I have in front of me before I’m done.”  He shrugged, “I feel like I’ve wasted so much time.”
Dean toweled off his hair,  threw on comfortable clothes and made his way to the living room, grabbing the mail. He flipped through several pieces of junk mail, setting aside the bills and then he found it.
Dean sighed. “I want to. I don’t know why I get this way. It’s just Cas deserves better...always has.”
Suddenly there was a familiar bitter taste in his mouth. A siren outside from another ambulance sounded as Dean’s heart pounded like a caged animal trying to escape.
Inside the apartment, Cas gestured for Dean to sit as he went to the kitchen, sorting around in the freezer and coming back with a bag of frozen peas. Dean accepted it and settled it on his jaw, which was already starting to color. Cas gave Dean a warm washcloth to clean the blood from his lips and sat down in a chair opposite. He looked exhausted. Cas looked miserable.
“Um….okay.” Cas looked at the clock making note of the time. On the TV the young Sir Henry Baskerville was just meeting up with Dr. Mortimer.
Dean peeled off his jacket, tossing it into the front seat, and used the sleeves of his henley to wipe the rain from his face. Cas followed, laying his jacket on the seatback.
The nearest couple sat seven rows ahead and off to the right. Castiel leaned his head against Dean’s shoulder and Dean slid an arm around him, holding him close. It was a luxury afforded them by the darkness, to touch so freely.
This was stupid, Dean thought. Cas had backed off. He was only complicating things for Cas by pushing it. Cas had someone else now, had built a life here, and more likely than not it was Dean who had been the source of Cas’s hurts. Dean could’ve had all that, but he fucked it up and ran. He forfeited any right to dream of a future with Cas.
“I think they worked their way around to the cul-de-sac on the next street,” Hannah told him, nodding off to their left. “Shouldn’t be too long now.”
Cas thought it a miracle that he didn’t get sick after all. On Wednesday he had an interview for a part time position at a high-end restaurant in the business district and landed the job.
Dean remembered what it was like coming home exhausted from a double shift having worked at Bobby’s and then the Ice House, sometimes too tired to even eat the meal that Cas had prepared for them - crawling into bed and curling into Cas’s warmth and losing himself to sleep and the feeling of being ‘home,’ wherever Cas was.
Dean sighed and went into the bedroom to find clothes. It was too early for sweats. Dean only indulged in those when he thought he was going to be in for the rest of the night, and it was far too early in the evening to be certain of that. He pulled on a pair of his most comfortable jeans, the fabric worn and soft against his skin, and grabbed a fresh t-shirt from the drawer.
“Easy Cas!” Dean gasped, breaking away momentarily to catch his breath, grabbing Cas’s hands to stay them. “This was supposed to be dessert,” he laughed.
“Holy shit Cas!” Dean stuttered between ragged breaths as Cas’s muscles clenched and unclenched around him. “So tight...oh god, you feel so good...so perfect Cas..Sweetheart.” Dean murmured as he started to move, feeling each exquisite inch of Cas as he slid slowly in and out. “My sweetheart,” Dean whispered catching Cas’s eyes, heavy with desire. He looked utterly debauched, whining sweetly as Dean nailed his prostate with the next stroke.
Crowley held up three fingers in question. Dean countered with four. Crowley smiled approvingly as he poured. Four for Dean and two for himself.
Then, Dean ventured his pointer finger back, ever so slightly, teasing it lightly along Cas’s own…. wrapping it around Cas’s just enough to lightly stroke the pad of his finger.
The dialogue between himself and Dean that Cas was remembering while listening to Elvis is from Chapter 2 of Twist and Shout.
Cas sped down the road looking for a place to pull over, far from the sound of those fucking explosives. They had passed a drive-in food stand not far from here. He hit the gas and after a few agonizing minutes saw it up in the distance.
Cas knew if he thought too deeply about it he would only end up wringing his hands over whether this was a date or just a meeting between friends.
“Well you weren’t. I cleaned up the bathroom floor after you once already last night. You’re gonna have some fun later cleaning the front seat of your car!”
Sam glanced back occasionally to check on Cas. The angel was sleeping. Angels weren’t supposed to sleep. An after-effect of the wound perhaps. Cas still looked weak and pale, even though the worst of it seemed to be over. Crowley had saved him. Wonders, it seemed, never ceased for the Winchesters. Sam wondered how long Crowley would wait to call in a favor.
Still not daring to look, in his periphery Cas could see Dean looking down at their hands. Cas understood then Dean knew
Still, when he reached for the phone he froze. He went to bed hoping tomorrow would be different. That he’d know what to do or say.
Do you remember the trip we took to the beach? I was looking through an old box of photos today and found some pictures of that trip - polaroids from the camera you bought me. I used to think if I could have any wish in the world it would be to turn back time to that moment and live in it with you forever. There was something about that day. I think you felt it too. I loved you so much and I know you loved me too. It made me desperately happy and terrified all at the same time. I remember how we sat on the blanket and listened to the waves and the gulls and you called me your boy, and
Dean slumped back against the wall looking at the damage he’d done. He closed his eyes against tears, cradling his head in his hands.
since Dean left him all those years ago. It was slow and chaste and gentle, and Dean’s lips were pliant beneath his. Cas felt them slowly part to make way for him and he ventured out to play at Dean’s lips and teeth just brushing the tip of Dean’s tongue with his own before pulling back into another, more innocent, kiss. Cas’s breath hitched as he savored the feel of those full fleshy lips one more time, knowing it might be the last time. Cas’s hand moved to the back of Dean’s head so he could pull him in close, brushing his cheek against Dean’s still too warm one.
“Castiel!” the woman exclaimed. “It’s so good to finally hear your voice. Dean’s told us all about you. Just a minute let me get him!”
“You just need to get into a routine and working again Cassie,” Balthazar assured him. “You’ll feel like yourself again, then things will be better.”
“I was just shaking my head at how lucky I am to be the one who gets to pull you out of that thing and see how good you look riding shotgun in my Impala.”
“Be careful kid. She’s got a way of making you say yes to anything, that one. You’ll be broke before you know it,” Fred winked, “but it’ll be worth every penny.”
Cas had forgotten the ears and reached up now to pull off the headband, smiling sheepishly and handing it back to Jenny.  Dean stood by, smiling warmly at the whole exchange.
“Full size!” Cas smiled, forcing himself back to the moment to admire the candy bar in question. “No wonder she’s mobbed with trick or treaters!”
Dean winced, shaking his head. “You did nothing wrong baby,” he sighed, the endearment rolling off his tongue naturally as if years hadn’t passed.
“Oh…” Dean said. “Wait….I remember Cas mentioning a Balthazar, someone from school I think. Just before I left.”
Also - Dean's suggestive body language in the pool hall was inspired by a particular gif floating around Twitter. Good on you if you find it! 🔥😜
Cas’s lips immediately tightened into a line. He felt like he had been punched hard in the center of his chest. He couldn’t believe this was happening...again.
Cas sucked in a breath. Coming back to his senses he let his fist uncurl, his arm dropping tiredly to his side, simultaneous waves of realization and remorse washing over him. A woeful sigh escaping.
“You went far off for a minute there Cas..” Dean said after a bit, noticing the hint of worry that crept over Cas’s face.
The most painful words he’d ever spoken. Dean assumed Cas would move on and find someone better, hoped Cas would be happy with someone who would treat him right, even if Dean knew that for him, Cas was
Maybe it was because Cas had said it was his favorite place to go and think, or maybe it was because he was a masochist at heart, Dean finished his beer and made his way there. Maybe seeing the real place would exorcise the nightmare from his mind. If nothing else, it was something Cas said he'd loved, and Dean longed to be near Cas tonight. It was as close as he could come.
“I’m sorry about how things worked out with Duma.” Cas had no idea what had happened between them - how they met, what they were like together, if they had been good for each other once - none of it. Up until a few months ago Cas and Gabriel hadn’t spoken in years - the entire era in Gabriel’s life a total mystery.
Cas didn’t ask for an explanation. He didn’t need one. He was actually thankful for the switch at that point. That is until the end of the night when his manager flagged him over again.
Dean stopped chewing for a moment, staring at Cas with a closed-mouthed grin. He swallowed his food then asked, “What about you Cas? Still looking for another job?”
Like the expert server he’d become, Cas balanced the pies on one arm as he pulled open the door to Rachel’s apartment and brought everything back to the kitchen.
Sam gave a quick nod to Dean as he glanced his way, letting him know Cas seemed okay. Tired but okay. Dean tried to keep his focus on the road for what seemed like an unending drive in rain and darkness. His eyes red-rimmed, his jaw tight, every muscle in his body tensed. The back seat was darkened but if Dean glanced in the rearview under passing lights he could barely make out Cas’s form in the shadows.
Cas felt the allure of Dean’s full pouty lips, so close and tempting, and was about to lean in when their waitress arrived with the food. Another server followed, setting two fresh drinks down on the table.
Cas wanted it to be true, but he wasn’t even sure what it meant. He wasn’t sure he wanted to feel like “himself.” It had been such a long time, he didn’t even remember what that was like.
“You’re a real wise-ass Castiel Novak.” Dean laughed, grabbing the towel and change of clothes he disappeared down the hall to the bathroom to shower.
“Dean!” Cas shook his head. “You stupid, stupid man!” he sighed, “When are you gonna figure out that I’m still crazy about you?”
Dean beamed, “We’re gonna have lots of firsts together if you let me love you Cas.” The words rushed out of him like a solemn promise.
Cas nodded, giving Balthazar a weak smile. “I promise. I have an earlier shift than yesterday. I’ll be home by five.”
In the well of Dean’s silence Rufus added, “and that’s how I know you’re stronger, not weaker Dean. You’re stronger than you’ve ever been before. It was the right thing, calling.”
Dean faithfully met with Benny and his group twice each week. Still, Dean rarely talked. He kept his own story just that, his own. When the chance to speak came round the circle to him he would shake his head and say “pass.” Benny would pause, making sure, giving Dean a moment. But the moment would pass and the story would move on.
Cas pulled his arm back around and they both shifted positions until Cas grabbed Dean’s hand. He looked out on the dance floor. It was packed with bodies, sweating, grinding, laughing, no one caring who was with whom.
“Shhh” Sam said, putting a finger up as an operator’s voice came on the line. “Can I get the number for San Francisco General Hospital?” Sam asked. Sam grabbed a pad and pencil and wrote it down.
“I am patiently waiting for you to make a fucking point.” Dean said flatly, his body rigid, anything but patient.
“No you don’t understand I need to be in there with him!” He shouted, his clear British accent causing others to turn and take note.
“You do what you need to do Dean.” Bobby told him, “Wally’s been looking for more hours anyway. Got a baby on the way.”
Sometimes I just miss the ordinary times - things I took for granted. It’s hard to think that I’m never going to just bring you lunch while you're at Bobby's shop, or that we’ll never sit together in Van’s Noodle House again.
Cas was silent and Dean worried he had really messed up - would scare Cas away. His tongue tangled desperately in his mouth unsure of how to walk it back.
And really, why shouldn’t he be? It had been years. That was for the best, right? What the fuck else did he expect?
Castiel Novak might not know anything about Rufus Turner, but Rufus knew a good deal about him. He was the unquestioned love of Dean’s life. Rufus listened now with great interest as Dean detailed his reunion with Cas after years apart. With trembling voice, Dean told Rufus about the flashback at the hospital, the first he had had in over a year, and most recently the day at the park.
John had been gone two weeks longer than he’d said he would and Dean had stretched every cent they had for as long as he could. He couldn’t ask for help. That’s how they find out you’re pretty much on your own. That's how the authorities end up taking you away and splitting you up. Dean would never let that happen - Sam was all he had. So he followed the man to his hotel room while Sam was in school.
Cas explained that the car “gripped” a cable that was constantly moving underground, the driver releasing the car’s grip as they got close to each stop. They jumped off at the wharf and Cas led Dean down a side street.
In any case Dean tried to play it all off like all of it was no big deal. Like ‘shit just happens’ and you handle it. But Pamela wasn’t a fool.
Despite the fact that it was still somewhat early in the day, the tension and stress of the past 48 hours had taken its toll on both of them. It wasn’t long into
“Look at me Cas,” Dean said, his breath coming in short gasps as he looked directly into Cas’s rapture-laden eyes, as he rocked harder, and deeper, hitting the spot again and again, sending Cas soaring. “I love you...I love you... Come for me sweetheart...I love you.”
Benny shot him a worried glance. “Whatever he’s into, you can’t fix him Dean, and you can’t blame yourself.”
“I guess Cas is all right.” Dean announced with a cheerfulness he didn’t feel. What he really meant was
Dean looked at Cas like he wanted to argue but just then Sam tossed a pair of sweats and a tee on the bed for Cas. “I raided your drawer Dean since Cas is closer to your size.” Dean nodded. Dean applied a gauze bandage with some tape to cover Cas’s still angry wound.
Dean had to concentrate even to remember the right number and Cas made the call. The next thing he knew a glass of water was in his hand and Cas was giving him two little pills.
Dean felt the press of Cas’s weight against his back as he held on, sometimes peaking his head around Dean’s to feel the wind in his hair, sometimes tucking behind Dean, using him as a wind break. A feeling of affection and protectiveness washed over Dean despite the racing of is heart. Cas’s arms wrapped all the way around the front of him, one resting on his hip, the other at the bottom of Dean’s ribcage as he held on tight, the tilt and dip of the bike as Dean maneuvered around corners, the drag and force of velocity as he sped along streets, all encouraging Cas to hold tighter. The more tightly Cas held on to him the greater the euphoria Dean felt.
Occasionally Dean would find a side job to work but, with the bar and Bobby’s shop closed, Sundays were usually lazy days that he and Cas could spend together however they wanted. Since Cas made most of their dinners during the week while Dean worked, Dean had gotten used to the ritual of making breakfast for himself and Cas on Sundays.
“Let’s get somewhere you can mark me properly,” Dean teased, his eyes dark and breath ragged. He pulled at Cas’s hand again and took the stairs.
Dean leaned his back against the wall and ran his hands down the sides of Cas’s torso to rest on his hips, his fingers splaying down across the perfectly firm cheeks of Cas’s ass, squeezing into them through the fabric of his jeans. Dean worried his lip. That fleshy perfect lip. Cas wanted to soothe it with a kiss. Cas looked back into Dean’s eyes, pupils blown rimmed with a tinge of green, dark wells of desire.
He checked his watch, wondering if he should slip away to try Cas again while they were waiting for the doctors, fearful their tentative reconciliation could fall apart at any moment.
Cas let out a little breath, a surprised smile broke over his face as his shoulders relaxed. “They’re from Dean.”
“You ask that as if you're not gonna give me both,” Cas purred almost smugly, turning his head just enough to press his temple to Dean’s forehead and smiling alluringly.
Cas’s glare went from threatening to troubled - eyes widening as if waking up in the middle of a dream. He could see lines of blood trickling from Dean’s lips.
Balthazar huffed but moved over. Cas drove them home in silence. It was a short drive, the rain becoming heavier just as they found a place to park for the night. The wind brought a chill from the ocean and they ran the short distance to the doorway of their building to escape the heavy drops.
Dean focused on the tall man. He had lanky brown hair and a stubbly chin. He looked to be in his fifties, was muscular and wore a shirt that had a security logo embroidered over the left breast pocket. He was flanked by a younger man wearing a sleeveless black t-shirt that displayed his tattooed arms - a naked Valkyrie and a flaming cross.
“Don’t hang up!” Dean said quickly. “I heard that Cas was in the hospital. I just wanted to find out if he’s okay…..Is he okay?”
Dean reached his hand to touch Cas's hair, slowly weaving his fingers through it - tousled and thick and chestnut brown. Dean brushed a stray lock from Cas's forehead,
Dean looked at his hands, choosing his words carefully. If he told Cas about the hospital he was afraid he would assume, like Balthazar, that he was here out of guilt. Yes, he felt guilty, he was swimming in guilt. Dean never
The sign out front said “Nebula,” and Jess had assured Dean it was a nightclub where he and Cas wouldn’t be the only same-sex couple. There was a bar section and dance floor and while Dean generally disdained the idea of going to a disco, he couldn’t help but cast his memory back to the night he first met Cas, trying to dance with that sorority girl and looking so charmingly nervous and awkward.
option wasn’t on the table and Alfie shrugging his shoulders with a smile but continuing to dance alongside Castiel, making himself the other corner of their foursome. It got hazy after that, and after the haze was blank.
Dean, stared, his head shaking slightly as the stunning weight of it hit him. He was rooted in place, looking on paralyzed as Cas cried.
“Yeah,” Cas admitted, laughing. “It’s kind of a tourist thing. You know when you move here you think you’ll do it eventually but then since there’s no real rush you never actually do.”
They ran, both of them giddy with laughter, hands joined, to the apartment building to escape the rain. The vestibule was empty and lit by dim safety lights. Dean pulled Cas close again, pressing a bruising kiss to his lips and letting his mouth travel down the smooth lines of Cas’s neck. Cas pulled Dean’s head back up to kiss him. He paused, fascinated by the rivulets of rain that tracked down his face and neck, Dean’s freckled cheeks glistening beautifully. Cas leaned in to kiss him back, tasting the raindrops on his lips and the skin along Dean’s jawline till he reached the sensitive place where the bolt of his jaw met his neck. The smell of Dean’s cologne mixed with his natural scent was driving Cas wild and Dean laughed and pushed at Cas a little as he sucked strongly there.
Dean sat up as Mildred made her way over to a dresser in the guest bedroom and pulled out a Bible, flipping through and sitting at the bottom of Dean’s bed as if about to read him a bedtime story.
One night Dean went home as usual, showered, and flopped on the couch to flip through the TV guide. The phone rang. It was Cas.
“How the hell do you know my name,” Dean wondered aloud. He had ditched all his ID before the drive.
“Are you alright?” he asked softly, taking her hands in his, his eyes scanning her face and arms for any sign of injury.
Cas read and reread those first few lines, his heart beating fast and feeling like his mouth might freeze into a ridiculous smile.
Dean glanced around as if fearing they were becoming a spectacle out here in the open. He looked at Cas with pleading eyes. “after
Dean understood what Cas left unsaid...the unspoken part…. “a female vessel.” Dean knew that angels could change vessels, and his angel was offering to do this just for Dean. The gravity of what Cas had just offered took a moment to sink in.
His mother however, who died years earlier had specified in her will that each of their children would get a small inheritance from the sale of a small piece of property she owned upon her husband’s death. As difficult and ugly as relations with his family had become he was grateful at least that he could think of the money as his mother’s gift to him.
“Jessica went apple picking yesterday and made you a fucking pie, and I’m making enough meatloaf for ten people. Besides Bobby’s coming over too. We’re gonna play some board games.”
“I’m letting you Dean...just like you said,” Cas framed Dean’s face with his hands entreating him, “If you really mean that...lots of firsts, you said...if this - what we have..if its more than just sex for you, then yes...make love to me..I’ll let you love me...if you’ll let me love you too…”
But that night a wholly different Cas walked in. One who had filled out into the firm lines of manhood. Fit, strong, and fuller in face and body. A sure sign that Balthazar had been a better provider than Dean could ever hoped to be, and it shamed him.
Her hair was askew, her eyes were wet, and reddened with marks of fatigue beneath so dark they might have been bruises. Despite her age Mildred always had a natural vibrance and youthfulness. Seeing her here now like this he was struck by how much smaller, how much more fragile she seemed. It unsettled him and made him want to build a fortress around her to protect them all from frailty and time and loss. He rubbed her back slightly as he hugged her, as if hoping to transfer some of his strength to her.
They were almost to Berkeley when finally Dean yelled “Shit! Go back! I have to go back Bobby. We have to go back!”
“So when the nights grew longer and the winter brought its frosts along the fields, sorta like it's doing right now here in Valens, it was easy for fear and worry to spread. In the northernmost places like Scandinavia, they had stories of Ragnarok, the endless night when even the gods would die, and spent their cold winter evenings drinking, screwing and listening to tales of glorious deaths.”
Once Dean Winchester gave him his trust, Rufus knew he wanted to see it through. Even if the bureaucrats and the VA said it was enough. Rufus knew better.
Dean allowed himself to breathe a little and his shoulders to relax a bit. It made sense. Cas had been stabbed with a lance made to kill an archangel. Made by his brother, to produce the maximum amount of damage, the maximum amount of suffering before death. Jesus - what dicks angels were. And Dean thought his family was screwed up at times.
Dean’s breath hitched as he turned and saw Cas, still in Dean’s clothes, smiling at them both as he joined them. Cas’s hair was in the most sexy disarray. Dean’s threadbare shirt stretched over the muscles of Cas's chest and arms, and for a brief moment the memory of being entangled in those arms, flush against that chest, overwhelmed Dean’s senses and he spilled the coffee.
Dean shook his head briefly, shifting his eyes to search the ceiling as if the answers were there somewhere. “And I kept thinking...you deserved better than what I did to you...I needed to tell you that, and I guess I just couldn’t wait anymore.” It wasn’t exactly a lie, Dean told himself. Just an omission of the whole. “In case...in case you needed to hear it. You know,” Dean regretted the words before they even finished forming on his lips, “for closure.”
“It was the war. The things I saw. The things I did. It fucked me up so bad Cas.” Looking down at Cas’s hand he told him, “everything I touched...all I could see was blood. Every time I touched you...I made you bleed…..I just felt like...I don’t know...I was poisoning you…”
could last... and yet - the feeling of losing a part of yourself to someone else’s plans - that he understood entirely. For the most part though, his conversation with Jess had focused more on the future, and steered purposely clear of the Brothers Winchester.
“Mr. Winchester, I don’t want to have to restrain you, but I will if I have to, ” the doctor said calmly.
….looking for Cas, unable to find him anywhere but then Rufus was there and drove him in a taxi to the Palace of Fine Arts, and Dean wandered there now looking and he saw Cas up ahead...but now he was running but not able to move, and yelling but no sound came out as Cas disappeared around the turn. He awoke to the sound of his own voice shouting for Cas, but it was just a nightmare.
“Hey Cas,” he held out his hand for him to take and Cas smiled shyly as Dean twined their fingers together.
Cas couldn’t help but imagine he was in one of those paintings from the Romantic period he’d been forced to learn about in school...
“Now I’m gonna ask you again nicely.” Dean threatened, clutching the jacket harder for emphasis. “But I warn you I have a temper and I can smell bullshit a mile away.”
“But in Rome they brought sacrifices and offerings to the temples of the Sun, or Sol, to strengthen their dying god. They lit lanterns and candles, fires, all as a tribute, to remind them of the light. They refused the fatalism of the Northmen. They prayed for their god’s strength to return.”
"No Dean," Cas didn't know how to tell him without making it seem like either an empty compliment or a come on. "You look a little tired, but you're still you...still...."
“No,” Richings told him, “Observation. You just intimated that you intended to kill yourself. I can’t let you leave just now.”
“Shhhhh.” Cas urged, popping off. His brow furrowed, closing his eyes tightly, he lowered his mouth and started in again. It was easier when Balthazar was quiet. Cas could do this for Balthazar he told himself. Cas could make this work. He just needed to try harder.
Dean shifted lower, pressing Cas’s thighs up again before grabbing his hands, twining his fingers in them even as he tongued along the raphe of Cas’s balls. Cas whimpered, his hips shifting upward in pleasure as Dean’s lips wrapped around his testicle, tenderly licking and gently sucking, before switching and taking in the other, All the while Cas pulled at his hands, but Dean held them fast, forcing Cas to lay back and be pleasured, rather than tend to Dean.
was part of it. His hands went to Dean's waist as he tried to help Dean ease his body into a smooth rhythm with his own. Maybe it was nerves, but Dean felt embarrassingly stiff and inadequate while Cas,
Beginning notes: It’s sometimes hard to imagine how different it was before we all had phones in our pockets and could text or call people anytime. In the seventies few people even had answering machines. Dean finds himself far from Cas and unable to reach him and it preys on his mind. We are deep in his thoughts. If you are a big fan of John Winchester, this is where you might want to turn around.
Cas chewed his lip, it had been so good to see Dean again, It was so good to feel his hand in his. He knew that Dean didn’t love him the way he once had, but it was maybe nice just being able to be here tonight, to meet as friends even if he felt a dull ache inside. He chose his words carefully. He didn’t want to ruin it.
Cas didn’t stop, instead leading Dean by the hand up the stairs, pushing open the door to his apartment and pulling Dean in with him, leading him over to the couch.
to rejoice in Odysseus' homecoming, just as Odysseus made the decision to go through all of those trials to make it home to her. They
“I want us to do a family thing this year, we could invite Gabriel if you are okay with it but if not I still want it to be you and me, and if it's okay Stephen."
“That sounds nice.” sort of...Cas thought it sounded better than being alone. Maybe. Holidays always seemed harder in general lately.
Charlie sat cross-legged in an upholstered chair in the living area of Cas’s new place and raised her eyebrows expectantly.  He’d been the proud tenant of the upstairs of a two-story ranch for three weeks. On moving closer to Yuba City to be nearer to Rachel he’d reconnected with Charlie, whom he hadn’t seen since high school.  They had just finished unpacking the last of his things and were listening to Van Morrison and sharing a pizza. Well, ‘sharing’ Cas thought, was a relative term. Charlie, despite her diminutive size, was picking up her 5th slice of the day.
Cas still had nights where he dreamed they were back there on the beach - the feeling so sublime that when he woke  -
Rufus heard Dean exhale. He gathered his thoughts and told Rufus again, in more detail about meeting up with Cas at his apartment and everything that transpired. Rufus listened attentively, asking for greater detail on occasion.
“Your teeth aren’t chattering anymore. That’s good. You need to drink more though.” Cas said coaxing Dean up temporarily. “And take another dose of this to keep your fever down. A little fever is good but too high and you’ll just toss and turn instead of getting rest.” Cas handed Dean the small pills and carefully put a fresh glass of apple juice in his hand.
Cas bucked his hips upwards, fucking faster into the tight circle of Dean’s fist, grunting and moaning sweetly with each thrust, his free hand to grip Dean’s ass, his chest, his hair - anything and everything he could reach until his body locked up and he cried out convulsing, his eyes wide, reverent, and locked on Dean as he spilled into his hand.
“Grab a chair when you’re in there and join me!” Hannah yelled down to him as he rode up the driveway and into the garage.
“I’m sure,” he spoke as he leaned in, lips brushing Dean’s softly, hovering, his head slowly tilted and moved as if to nuzzle in but kept just a teasing breadth apart.
“Dean!” Cas’s voice was gentle but insistent. “I thought you knew by now. I don’t want some ghost of who you used to be. I’ve seen what can happen, I’ve known you in your dark times. Dean, I’m still here. I want you as you are. It’s not a question of me wanting you in my life. The only question we’ve been dancing around is whether or not you’ll let me be part of yours.”
He pushed past Sam and back into the living room, sitting down and taking a gulp of the hot coffee. It was too much, it burned in his throat.
Several patrons still lingering at the bar had noticed their exchange and were staring now. The manager's face flushed, eyes darting around the room to assess the damage.
As Cas delivered the line he had focused on an older grey-haired gentleman in a business suit, switching mid-sentence to look at the other patron. He faltered a brief second as he found himself face to face with his brother Michael, and if looks could kill Michael’s eyes would have frozen him to death on the spot.
