“John, did you make this cake? It’s amazing.” Betsy tasted the frosting thoughtfully.
“Love you too.” Sherlock waved and the door slammed. He headed up the steps and tossed his coat off. Despite all the information Jenkins had given, he didn’t think much progress had been made at all. He made a cup of tea and lay down on the sofa, reclining into his ‘thinking pose’ and visiting his palace. An hour later, he stood and typed up notes, hitting ‘print’ so he could put them up on the wall above the sofa.
“That’s imported leather from Italy.” Nina said. “The lining is a silk blend and very breathable.” John noted the chrome buckle and D ring. Sherlock ducked his head and John pulled off the first reject. He slipped the second one on Sherlock’s throat and buckled it. The sub looked in the mirror. He gulped and blinked at his reflection. The pewter grey stood out on his pale skin and as he moved his head, the blue would just barely peek out. He really liked the way that looked. Sherlock touched the shining silver buckle and the D ring, saying nothing. He licked his lips. He glanced at his dom’s face in the mirror. His eyes were shining.
Mycroft was going to the western border with Jim today to check up on the soldiers posted there‒the whole reason for this cursed visit.  The hunt today was supposed to be fun. A diversion and a chance at bonding and camaraderie for the guests Jim had staying at Chilgrave. As if hunting in the rain with a group of pompous toads had ever been fun. Dissecting corpses was fun. Investigating murders was fun. This was going to be awful. He didn't want to go, but he didn't want Mycroft to tediously shout at him either. So he would go and put on a show of being at least mildly entertained. So much of being royal was just for bloody show. The only bright spot on this trip was that Jim would be out of Chilgrave for most of it (and if he was honest, that he might see John again). Sherlock didn't envy his brother one bit.
John lifted his head and Sherlock placed the blindfold over his eyes and tied it around his head. John pressed his face to his sub’s warm leg again.
“Mm, hello.” Sherlock continued to look at his wall and John went into the kitchen, stood there for a moment, then poured water into the kettle. He was making tea. Good. Sherlock wanted tea but was too lazy to go over there and make some himself.
"John, sleep there." Sherlock said kindly. "I think about four people could fit in that bed. Go. I insist. You can assist me in the morning."
“Yes, thanks.” He said. “I, we, can talk.”
“Yes.” He muttered.
sex, yeah. Of course. Just two nights ago I, a man and his wife, they both, well, I tended her while he took me‒" she went quiet and her eyes filled with tears. John's heart ached for her.
"Excellent. You're a medical man, come look at this arrow…" Sherlock turned again to the table and John smiled, glad at the reprieve of his usual duties. He grabbed the blanket he'd use the previous night and draped it around his shoulders. He felt much better being covered.
Mrs. Hudson was behind the counter, packing something into a bag, and she waved at them cheerily.
Who and why? Whoever these people were who were supposed to be dead, they were coming back.
“What do you need? Do you need to sub?”
Sherlock laid down on the bed and John straddled his thighs and smeared the cream over his sore spots, the way he did after every time they played. It felt good and Sherlock sighed in delight as John’s warm familiar hands touched him and soothed the aches away. John capped the tube and Sherlock looked up at him playfully and reached for his dressing gown. “Sofa?”
John nodded. "Good idea."
“Mm…” Sherlock hummed.
“No suppressants?” Greg asked.
“One second…” John put the glasses down and grabbed the leash. He faced his chair to the telly and grabbed his book off the desk. Sherlock would likely need a lot of settling time. Hell, they both would. This had been a really big day.
He let go of the bars in the cuffs and snapped both hands repeatedly and was then instantly glad that he did. For the briefest of moments, nothing happened. The flogger stopped and then he heard John’s, “oh shit.” A second later, the chain was lowered and his feet flattened on the ground. The chain slipped off the hook and jangled to the floor and Sherlock reached for the gag. He pulled it off his face, dropping it, and took a deep breath. He unclipped the nipple clamps and growled as the pain ratcheted up. His chest hurt. His back and bottom hurt. He was dripping John’s spunk and he sort of felt like crying.
“How long have you played?”
“John, you don’t—”
"Thanks. It's the molecular structure of sugar repeated."
“Why?”
“My grandparents had a cottage there.” Molly said. “I went a few times when I was a child.”
“Eager to spend time away from class?
“Jesus, Sherlock. This is one of the nicest restaurants in London.” They stepped out of the cab on the street in front of the restaurant and John stared up at the subtle dark building, the words
“Still?” Sherlock asked, glancing at the cock.
kneeling, he just found the thought of it a hell of a lot more enjoyable when it was for John. Sherlock realized he was grinning as he imagined kneeling at John’s feet and he rolled his eyes at his own sentiment. He then went over to his laptop and sat down, brainstorming ideas and reading his charts to see if any inspiration would come to him.
They lay there for a few more moments until Sherlock’s empty stomach howled for attention.
John’s eyes were blown pitch black with anger and his fists were clenched hard. His forehead and neck were shiny with sweat and his teeth were grit and every ounce of his focus was on Logan and that silver knife in his hand, leaning threateningly over his bloodied sub. Sherlock heard the muffled
“Come on. What do you want to do tonight?” John petted his back. “Anything you want.”
“What did we talk about?” John said to him, a warning note in his voice.
Sherlock howled. Again and again John slammed the paddle into his cheeks, alternating sides with blistering burning swats. A dull sort of flat
“Don’t mention it.” Greg said. “I wouldn’t have come if I’d known it was still so strong. You could have just told me over text.”
"Oh sorry!" John said. "Go ahead."
221B on a quiet afternoon carried all the usual noises of a residence in the heart of London. Cars and buses roared down Baker Street. The hot water pipes running behind the papered walls and beneath the wooden floors creaked and sighed. The jubilant muffled voice of a show host and a laughing audience forced itself through the wall behind the frumpy leather sofa. The refrigerator motor hummed on and off, keeping Sherlock's collection of tongues cold. Now and then the bell above the door at Speedy's chimed bright and voices rose in a crescendo and faded just as quickly as the door closed with a
He didn’t see much of Sherlock for the rest of the day, but there were lots of strange sounds coming from outside. John really hoped the pigeon was completely dead when his sub had found it. For the poor bird’s sake. He wandered the flat, tidying up odds and ends and also glancing around at Sherlock’s things. He hadn’t had time to properly investigate the flat and all its weird and unique contents. There was the bison head. A knife jammed in the mantle. A dog paperweight. A board of pinned bugs. John went to the bookshelf. Lots of leatherbound volumes with Latin titles. A few reference guides. A little book on different types of blood spatter. There were a few paperbacks tucked among the references, and their titles made John freeze.
“I feel red.”
“Sherlock,” he complained mildly. “I need to pay.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, then closed it. “No. I can’t. But John, you’re being unreas—”
John glanced him over. “He didn’t hurt you or anything?”
John blinked a few times and made some noises that were almost but not quite words. He looked away, suddenly embarrassed by the way he had behaved yesterday. Had he really thrown a man into traffic?
"The officers must have been grateful." John added.
Jim said it so quickly that John almost didn’t hear. The Italian name swirled into his mind, the words bright and exotic, making him think of a warm, sun-bleached place. He’d never heard a name like that.
Sherlock made an amused noise, then turned and lifted his shirt.
“Yes.” Her voice was a low growl.
“Yes.” Sherlock muttered.
“Oh yes.”
John put the cup down, nearly missing the nearby table. His fingers tightened in the white loincloth. His vision went a bit hazy. How the hell was any of this real?
Thanks to all the people who are still reading this! Your comments make me so happy :D
Sherlock picked up the offending bottle, opened the loo's little window, and lobbed it into the alley.
“Oh—okay. Yes. Sure.” John couldn’t get the affirmations out fast enough. “You enjoyed that?”
“Where am I going?” He asked.
“That won’t happen.” Sherlock scoffed.
Sherlock’s grin faded as he lowered the vial, placing it and the others in a test tube rack and putting it in the fridge.
Sherlock sighed loudly and cracked his neck.
had put him there. He squirted some shampoo into his hands and massaged it through the dark curls.
"Nothing looks broken." John said curiously.
to be a chef there. He had to go there, they had to have a meal there. He looked at his watch. They’d already eaten, and it was well after nine o’clock. Damn.
"No he won't."
“Yes.”
John rolled his eyes. "Have a case on?"
Sherlock bit his lip and nodded, the picture of innocence.
Sherlock blinked and straightened, mentally pulling his holier-than-thou mask on. The insulting words were familiar, but they still stung every time he heard them. He wasn’t sure what he had said wrong. He saw on a distant level that the female sub was upset, but it was to be expected. Soon she could just find another dom to get fucked by and serve and that would be it, right? Doms were only ever looking for people to play with.
“Do you need anything?” She asked her sub softly.
John sipped his tea and looked at his sub, getting his ‘dom face’ on. He wanted to be a stroppy, whiny submissive? Fine. As far as John was concerned, he was in need of a firm hand and some correction. Nothing unduly harsh, of course. John put the mug down.
“I don’t care about the rules.” He said.
“It’s a sprain. Do you have a sling?”
https://gizmodo.com/can-santa-claus-exist-a-scientific-debate-1669957032
“No.” He scoffed. Sherlock didn’t believe him. The sub slipped his gown off and draped it over the foot of the bed and pulled John into a kiss. “I think you might be a little bit.”
“No.”
“They’ll call us when he wakes up.”
“I know.”
“That’s entirely against the rules, Mister Holmes.”
Over 100 kudos! :O You guys are amazing!
Of course he would—Sherlock was a public detective with his own website. Clients came to the flat for heaven’s sake—what would stop Seb from doing the same?
John picked up his hand and kissed the back of it.
target here. Not only were the other victims his exact type, but he was
“The paddle is efficient.” Sherlock grumbled.
“Please, Sherlock, whatever this is, don’t use yourself as bait for the murderer.”
"What happened?" He said, his tone low.
John talked about heading back to the toilets in the restaurant to search. “The rest you know.” John said. “After that, we were together.”
“Mm. I'm off for a bath now that he's secure."
“I know.”
“I should have told you. I didn’t trust you enough.”
His exclamation attracted the attention of the cameras and he scurried towards Sherlock with a damp rag.
"You didn't immediately deny it when I asked if you regret being a highwayman. In fact, you admitted it. You said so yourself, you're a member."
John grinned, taking another bite. "Any interesting cases you've taken?"
.” He chuckled. “I’ll never use the crop for punishment since you like it so much, and I’ve known plenty of people who don’t like corporal discipline. But with you? I think that option should be on the table.”
He hesitated again. What was it that he should do next? Sherlock had simply never paid that close of attention to technique when John was domming him. He was always just happy to respond and happy to jump into subspace. How on earth had John gotten him there?
Sherlock stared at him. He was grateful though he’d never say it. They exchanged a look and Sherlock went inside.
“Oh. I thought I did. I meant to.”
Sherlock blinked at him.
John nodded and went into the loo and Sherlock frowned at the door. Something, again, was off. He went out to the desk and opened his laptop. He Googled ‘top drop.’ He’d read the term in the PTSD books and wasn’t entirely familiar with it. He knew all about sub drop from Seb’s gentle ministrations. It had taken an age for him to realize that it wasn’t his brain reacting badly to subbing, it was Seb’s stupid lack of interest in aftercare. Once Sherlock had found a brand of dynamic pill to augment his own biology, he’d managed a much more even keel.
"The winds are fair and strong so the delegation won't have to wait much longer."
"Hm?" He touched his eye. He'd forgotten about the punch. It did ache a bit now that he remembered it. "Is it bad?"
Sherlock didn’t say anything. He stood there in his his dressing gown looking like he was either about to cry or break everything in the flat. John nodded once and left, jogging down the stairs.
“Any issues though,” the doctor spoke to John, “and he comes right back.”
“Yes, John.” Sherlock muttered at his shoulder. He lifted his head and John kissed him sweetly on the lips, his stomach flipping when Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed and he practically melted against him. Dammit he didn’t
What if it wasn’t Logan? Maybe the chef was just flirty and the murderer was dining at the restaurant, sizing Sherlock up from across the room. Maybe
“I left it in my office.” Mike said, patting himself down.
“Why the hell did you go after Logan?” John’s voice was disappointed. “I specifically asked you not to use yourself as bait.”
“I’ll have water if it’s not too much trouble.”
“No, no, you….you said I was loved?” He blurted. He looked away and rubbed his bicep.
John went for his bag. He handed her a fabric pouch containing the aromatic, woody scent of grass and spices. "Here's a compress for your tender bits. Soak it in warm water, put it between your legs. I'll refill it every night with fresh meds, just give it to me or Molly."
Sherlock sank into the kitchen chair. "Do the children not question this massive logistical flaw?"
“John.” Sherlock turned to him, both hands clutching the band.
“The problem is that it happened!” John snipped. “I used to be into some unpleasant stuff, Sherlock.”
been with more than one dom and I’d say you’re handling it perfectly.”
John grinned at him. “Of course I am. We’ll pick something you like, darling, of course. Do you still want to wear my collar?” John’s voice was tentative and soft.
“Oh.” He made a irritated noise when he glanced down and saw his hard cock poking against his cotton pants. “Not fucking surprised at that.” He stood up, scrubbing hands through his hair as Walker’s dead image floated through his head again. He suspected it was the adrenaline of the dream that sometimes stiffened him up. It sure as hell wasn’t sexual desire doing it.
“What about a doctor?”
Delighted, they headed for the bedroom.
“Sherlock Holmes,” John’s voice was quiet and firm. “Get on your feet,
“Be-because it’s a police investigation and it’s dangerous for me to go off on my own with a serial killer out there.”
John paused, touched. "That's…rather nice actually."
"We get as much food as we want. There's always a cook on staff in the kitchen, so you can eat whenever. We can request days off too, if we're too ill or injured to serve. No one wants shoddy concubines. The attendants come in a couple times a day to read out who’s assigned to which guest for that day or the next. When it's time, you'll get escorted to that guest."
He sighed. She moved to the curtains flanking the hearth and yanked them open. He hissed like a vampire as the sunlight fell across the plush carpet.
"Yeah," John gazed at his cheerful pops. They looked like a cartoon next to Sherlock's amazing pie. "They look a bit odd but they're always a hit at holidays."
body. “What’s wrong?”
” Sherlock muttered.
John gulped. He didn’t know what to say. What the hell could he say? He curled his hands into fists.
John unlocked his bedsit door, nervous for some reason. Sherlock hadn’t been here yet and John never thought the detective would set foot in his meager flat. It had occurred to John once to invite him over, but he’d ultimately decided against it. 221 was so much bigger and nicer. It was closer to the tube, it had Mrs. Hudson and Speedy’s right there, it was closer to his job at the clinic, and best of all? Sherlock. John initially reasoned his bedsit was at least absent of body parts, but that wasn’t necessarily a plus anymore.
“What?” Sherlock feigned innocence.
“These aren’t going to be comfortable for you.” John warned.
His phone rang.
John nodded. Petit fours. Right. He could do this. He and Sherlock shared a mutual glance and a nod. Already the cogs were turning in everyone's brains.
"On your marks,"
“I’m looking.”
“No. I don’t know. I just don’t want to be like Seb was.”
John produced another packet. "Yes, I‒"
"Of course not." Mrs. Hudson said. "I'll forget I know!"
“Sure. For a bit. I have to go into London for an early meeting tomorrow, but I can spare a few for Owen’s friend.”
“Think of it as a honeymoon.” Mycroft told them.
John unbuttoned his trousers and pulled them and his pants down.
“And this?” He rested his hand on the muscle on top of the arm.
“Legs apart.” He said. Sherlock stepped his feet apart and John pulled the ends of the rope down between his legs and up around either side of his bum, creating a sort of jock strap kind of thing. He wrapped the cord around his testicles and did some kind of complicated series of knots all along his shaft. Sherlock gulped and rested his hands on John’s head.
“You kiss Papa all the time anyway!” she cried.  Sherlock stood and chased her out of the room, her squeals echoing through the flat.  John followed them out and found Sherlock blowing raspberries into Rosie’s stomach, her arms flung out with an otter in each hand as she giggled and tried to get away.  Both of their faces were lit up in broad smiles when Sherlock released her and John’s stomach swooped in bright joy.
Gently pushing him up and around, John shifted Sherlock until they were facing each other.  “Tell me honestly that you don’t want to go and we won’t, Sherlock.  The opportunity is a great one, but it won’t be worth shit if you or Cecelia are miserable.”
“You do that just to annoy her mum, don’t you?” John asked, dishing their food out onto plates.
Sherlock sensed his weakness immediately, guiding John down to sit on the edge of the mattress. He sunk down to his knees before him in a single smooth movement, using his hands on John’s thighs to push them wide apart. He quickly settled between John’s legs and returned to his neck, licking up the length of the opposite side as before. John sighed and leaned on his palms back against the mattress, letting his eyes flutter open. He met his own gaze in the mirrors on the ceiling and his mouth fell open on a groan as he watched Sherlock’s curly head bob as he moved along his neck. Sherlock glanced up at him and followed his eyes to the sight on the ceiling. John felt as well as saw Sherlock grin against his skin in response and lifted a hand to pinch his side playfully. Sherlock chuckled, his breath hot and damp, and John nearly whined in want.
John skipped down the final few steps and jumped from the bottom one, landing with a spongy whoosh and a great explosion of sand.  He squinted left and right before heading straight out towards the shore, where the water snuck up to his boots and shyly darted away.  Pulling off the boots and leaving them to collect sand and ocean that would stick to his feet once he returned to them, he decided to set off to the seaweed and rocks a few feet down from the main beach.  A few steps later, his jacket joined his boots on the sand and he shivered in the mid-December air, enjoying the feel of the salt on the cold wind despite how harsh it was against his bare arms.  He breathed it in deeply before barking out a laugh and bolting off at high speed towards the rocks.
Though it wasn’t actually a question, John answered it anyway.  “Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, yes.  It’s the only wizard school actually on the British Isles – there are a few more on the continent, obviously – but it’s considered the best.  I went there for seven years.”
John watched him with a frown. Giving Niall a pat on the shoulder and promising to phone him tomorrow, he collected their belongings from a waiting officer and followed Sherlock outside.
“Michael’s a bit of a prick, isn’t he?” John said as they waited to be summoned. Sherlock huffed out a small laugh and shook his head.
“I might as well, since no matter what I say or do I’m the one you see in the wrong!”  John’s temper had finally risen from a dull simmer at the back of his throat to a roar barreling through his chest.  “What do you want from me, Harry?  I can’t win with you.  It’s either you’re angry with me for being the one actually in the wrong or pissed that I take the blame!  No matter what, it always ends with us angry and no longer speaking, so why should I fucking try?”
John sighed and glanced toward the back door to ensure they were alone.  “Harry’s parents, Lily and James, were killed by Voldemort when he was only a year old, so he never really knew them.  Teddy’s were friends of mine, Tonks particularly so given our connection at Hogwarts, and both of them died in the Battle, not long after Teddy was born.  We all lost our parents as a result of Voldemort and the hell he wrought over the years and…I just needed someone to talk to, you know?
Doyle's been captured, or so everyone thought. As Sherlock gains back his confidence, John does as well, and attempts another proposal. An unexpected interruption, however, brings panic.
“We’ll be on our way,” Sherlock continued, seemingly indifferent to Ian and Niall’s silent conversation. “Research to do for tomorrow, investigations, all that.”
“And by finished, you mean it’s all over the sitting room floor without anything being put in its proper place.”  John took Sherlock’s silence for agreement and shook his head, prodding his side lightly.  “Helpful.  I thought we could try something?  If you’re still interested in trying out magic?”  He waved the empty kettle in front of Sherlock, his eyebrows raised hopefully.
“Of course he’s a former Death Eater,” John muttered.  “They met because they’re both bloody fucking Death Eaters.  But that still doesn’t explain why you want Cecelia.”
Sherlock pushed the book into John’s hand and waved at the open page.  “My
Placing a hand on Sherlock’s knee, John gave it a pat.  “Well, you are now, although ‘traditional’ isn’t exactly the word I’d use for anything that involves us.  You’re doing fantastic so far, if that’s any reassurance.”  Sherlock smiled down at him in reply.
Sherlock returned to his subtly submissive position right behind John, his head lowering slightly but his eyes gazing up through his lashes at anyone who approached him. John couldn’t help the swelling of pride he felt at Sherlock’s proper behaviour, his approval clear in the broad grin that sat on his face. Several members of the group openly gaped in surprise at their positions, obviously expecting Sherlock to be the dom to John’s sub. It wasn’t the first time John had encountered that expectation, usually by a new partner who underestimated him because of his size. Most either didn’t know or forgot that he was a captain and primed for leading, particularly for those like Sherlock who promised to be obstinate simply for the sake of it.
“But seriously, you
“Cockblocked by my own daughter,” he muttered into the sheets before turning to stare at a wide-eyed Sherlock.  “Shockingly that’s the first time that’s happened in her almost eight months with me.”
Harry excused himself to do as Sherlock demanded and John stood to come up to Sherlock’s side.  In a voice low enough so only he could hear, John stated, “I suppose this is the last bit of clue we needed to know that Mary definitely is Avery.”
John built up the fire a bit, thankful that he had thought to connect it to the Floo network when they moved into the flat, and brought Cecelia with him as he sat cross-legged before the flames.  She rested propped up in her portable seat, close by so that John could reach her if necessary but far enough away that she wasn’t too close to the fire.  He carefully pried the lid off the box, wincing at the screech the rusted metal let off as it was released, and stared down at the bright green powder.  He ran a single finger through it, reminding himself of the sandy grains’ texture, before shaking off his sentimental silliness and snatching up a handful.  He shot a glance at Cecelia to ensure that she was settled and safe before tossing the powder into the flames, eyes lighting up briefly as he watched them change from orange to green.
The weather gradually grew warmer, the snow retreating back to the surrounding mountains to uncover green grounds and budding trees.  More often than not, Cecelia insisted on going outside, even if the temperature didn’t match the bright sun overhead.  Sherlock found himself more comfortable out under a tree beside the lake than trapped in the halls where Doyle’s footsteps still echoed in his mind, and the two of them could most often be found among the grounds as a result.
“Sherlock Holmes is a rather…unusual man, from the little I met of him.”  Cecelia released her grip, allowing McGonagall to return to her seat.  “He seemed to take quite a bit of pleasure from his attempts to deduce me.”
Around him, Sherlock’s classmates chattered excitedly to one another.  Sherlock ignored them in favour of his puzzle, disinterested as always when they left him out of their conversations.  It happened more often than it didn’t, but Sherlock didn’t really mind very much.  Even when they did talk to him, it usually was only to pick fun at him rather than actually let him into whatever they were discussing.  In the end, Sherlock found it better to stay on his own and let the others do what they would.  It really wasn’t worth the trouble only to end up disappointed.
“Your friend is awfully familiar.”  A light, cheerful voice from his left made Sherlock jump.  Beside him stood a woman, close to Harry’s age, her shockingly white blonde hair braided long down her back.  She wore a peasant dress of varying shades that danced and shimmered in the light.  Situated on her hip was a small boy, perhaps five years old, with long-lashed brown eyes that stared up at Sherlock in curiosity.  She readjusted his position in her arms, shooting him a tiny grin before turning back to look into the post office.  “I’m certain I’ve never seen you before, however.”
what kind of child they had, or even if they had them at all! They were human beings, Mary, not pigs out for the slaughter!"
John heard a deep chuckle and shuffling before someone pulled the door open the rest of the way.  He hadn’t had many expectations about the teacher Olivia bragged about on a daily basis, but the tall, attractive man who greeted him certainly didn’t fall into any of them.  There was a splotch of green paint streaked across one of his cheekbones and the occasionally glimpse of sparkling glitter shimmered in his otherwise dark curls.  For a moment, John could do little more than gape up at him.  The man cricked an eyebrow up at him, the faintest hint of a smile at the corner of his lips.
John stepped over to the chair and carefully took up the blanket, rolling it around until it became a pillow-like shape.  He cradled the side of Sherlock’s head and lifted it, placing the blanket under his head and propping it up at a more comfortable angle.  Through the whole thing, Sherlock never responded, and John brushed aside his fringe to kiss his forehead before straightening.
“Not when it counts,” Sherlock replied.  Tears sat at the corners of his eyes and John lifted a thumb to wipe them away.  Sherlock laughed wetly, a small but genuine noise, and let John take care of him.  They remained that way for several minutes, until Cecelia squirmed in John’s arm, reminding them of her presence.
When he managed to focus again, John waved his arm lazily in the now lukewarm water, enjoying the swirls of purple that still surrounded them.  Sherlock sighed and placed a small kiss on John’s jaw, causing him to sigh in contentment.  Soon they both were shivering and John pushed them into a proper sitting positing to dislodge the plug and pull them to their feet.  They gingerly stepped onto the freezing tile, careful not to slip on the waterlogged floor, and grabbed towels before throwing themselves onto the bed.  While John sprawled himself out on his back, Sherlock lay on his side, resting his head on his bent elbow.  Suddenly, a snort of laughter disrupted the contented silence of the room and John turned a raised eyebrow on Sherlock.
Ollivander’s expression became smug and pleased as he stacked the remaining wand boxes into a pile in his arms.  “Every witch or wizard who comes into my shop finds their wand, Mr. Holmes,” he repeated.  His smile widened when Sherlock cradled the wand to his chest.  “It would appear that you are more of a wizard than you originally thought.”
“Yeah, okay, so perhaps it would be best if you two came back at a different time,” Neville muttered, helping Cecelia down to the floor.  “You know, when there isn’t a class for you to show me up in front of.”
“Ostrea what now?”
“Yes, fine, alright.”  Sherlock’s mouth twitched as he fought not to smile.  “But…boyfriend?  Is there really no better word for it than that?  We sound like we’re teenagers.”
Sherlock settled his helmet under his arm as he guided his bike out into the open.  “Hmm?  Oh yes, that’s Mrs. Hudson’s.  She lets me keep my bike here since it doesn’t take up much space.”
As they waited and watched, John and McGonagall stood observing them from the entrance.  Cecelia gasped and squealed as the clouds floating in the late summer sky outside were echoed in the hall, Sherlock pointing out the types and explaining how it worked.  Eventually McGonagall broke their silence.
“Spot on.  Now, the motion is sort of a sideways s – I’ll help you the first time to show you what it feels like and then let you try it on your own.  Sound good?”  When he felt Sherlock nod, he snaked his hand up and wrapped it around Sherlock’s.  Together they moved John’s wand in the appropriate motion, Sherlock’s brows furrowed in concentration.  John let go to slide his hand down and rest along Sherlock’s wrist, allowing him to practice the move on his own.  Once he seemed to have mastered it without the hesitation of his first few tries, John asked, “Ready to try the full thing?”
(See the end of the chapter for
I haven't done this in a while, so hey!  If you wanna chat and fangirl over shit with me, come find me at futureofthemasses on Tumblr!  Also, in exactly two weeks I will be attending 221b con in Atlanta for the first time ever and I AM SO STOKED.  Come say hi, particularly at the potterlock panel which I will be co-leading!
Tumblr: futureofthemasses
The motion was small, but John could tell that Sherlock began clutching Cecelia slightly tighter at the mention of Dementors.  “I can unabashedly say that I can happily go my entire life without meeting one of those particular creatures.”
“I love you too,” he gasped, following John as he nearly tumbled into their room.  The door closed with a click, leaving their wine and roses to sit in peaceful silence before the slowly dying fire.
“Not a case!” Sherlock suddenly cried, the bow jittering across the strings in an outcry of protest when he pulled the instrument away from his chin and finally turned to face them.  His eyes narrowed in a glare that darted from one woman to the other.  “You knocked rather than ring the bell, indicating that you are not here under distress, at least not for yourself.  No stuttering down at the door in indecision, so obviously you came here with a purpose.  Your face is agitated, but it’s an expression of resigned concern – something’s come up, something from the past that was assumed to be over and has proven otherwise.  You purposefully asked for both myself
“The blond one, she’s a metamorphmagus, John, I swear to you.”  Teddy’s words tumbled from his mouth almost before John could finish his question.  “I’m absolutely certain.  Whoever she is, she’s a metamorphmagus, and a strong one at that.  I swear on my parents’ graves I’m telling the truth.”
Abruptly, Sherlock snatched his hand away and shifted to fully face John, the excitement of a newly discovered experiment lighting up his face.  “Would you show me more, John?  More of what you can do?”
A knock came at the door and Sherlock threw himself out of John’s arms, curling into a tight ball at the end of the bed.  John gaped up at the ceiling, attempting to even his breathing and stopper the disappointment in both his chest and his cock.
Finally releasing Sherlock’s hand, John shot him a bleak smile.  “I know, Sherlock.  I know.”
John attempted to fix a thoughtful expression on his face, but couldn’t help the smile from breaking out on his face. “I dunno. How do you feel about dates, casual affections, declarations of love, and happily ever after?”
John took a step toward him but stopped when Sherlock still refused to look up.  “Babe, you have to realize, it’s not just going to suddenly come to you just because you’ve got a wand now.  It’s gonna take practice, just like when you were first learning violin or a new experiment.  You can’t expect to be a natural right away.”
John couldn’t contain his smile.
Well, his anonymous persona was.
Sherlock barely heard him, but he stood up quickly and grabbed his papers, rushing out of the room. He shoved open the heavy doors, bursting into the bright, stone halls of the kingdom’s crown jewel, scrambling away from the study as fast as possible. His fussy, ill-fitting shoes irritated him to no end as he sped through the corridors, taking huge gulps of the clean air. He ran up a sprawling staircase, scrambling to make it to his room before Mycroft called him back.
“Huh. Okay. See y’round,” John called, trotting down the stairs.
John tried his best to watch indiscreetly, but probably ended up outright staring. Oh well.
“Wait, you think —”
They stomped up the stairs, where the same table from a week ago sat, the camera already set up and ready to go. John slid into his seat and watched Sherlock bend over the machinery, clicking a couple buttons before jumping into his chair.
“Runs in the family, I’d say,” John mumbled into Sherlock’s shirt, invoking a smile from the other.
John fell into the boy instantly, moving his free hand up onto his shoulder to bring him closer. His captor moved the arm on his throat to his cheek. He could barely comprehend what was happening.
Maybe it was the air’s sweet scent, maybe it was his lingering mood, maybe it was the sound of the violin.
“Yes.”
Neither of them knew how to act.
“Well, get it over with!” John huffed in frustration, glaring at the red player.
“Father, can you check my calculus homework?”
John smiled at his sister’s date. Harry had changed so much since she met Clara– she’d gotten happier. His eyes flicked over the girl’s face before they slid back to the floor.
Sherlock steepled his fingers under his chin. “We should collaborate on something. It’s what the people want.”
Sherlock didn’t elaborate.
And for who knows how long after that.
Sherlock got
“Hey, Rosie,” he said. He knew how it was, the first day of a new high school. Rosie was starting her junior year knowing no one.
His heart sank. That must’ve been what all the rugby players were talking about. He’d overheard them at lunch. They were talking about
the man was always there to calm John down, even if he didn’t know it.
Some days, John wouldn’t even realize how tense he was until he opened his window; until he was reminded of the man’s comforting and constant, albeit distant, presence and his muscles melted back into his armchair.
But as he replayed how Sherlock had looked with rosy pink scrawled across his cheeks and his curls splayed out over a microscope and his limbs that were too long to be graceful and were instead endearingly awkward, he couldn’t ever see himself giving up.
John settled for a sip of his tea as the best response. (Because, honestly, how could he follow that?)
She nodded and looked down at her salad, then smiled at her fathers gratefully.
“I can take you shopping!” John offered. “There are plenty of shops just off campus.”
The bright screen drew him over, and he sat down. The person on the screen — Sherlock Holmes, apparently, what a ridiculous name — looked about his age, but the full face of makeup might have been a little distracting. The screen name said “highfunctioningsociopath.”
It was his message. The message he’d left on that wall. That stupid, stupid wall.
Why did he think this was a good idea?
So he remained after school, until everyone was gone and no one would see him writing on the wall again.
“Hello? Earth to Sherlock?” John said, waving his hand in front of his face.
Rosie recognized the looks they gave each other, and smiled. She hardly remembered her mother, but she’d heard stories about Mary Watson and was always humbled when Sherlock or John said she reminded them of Mary.
He seemed even more startled by the prospect of actually receiving praise, which was absolutely ridiculous. His usually deadpan face broke into a smile that looked like it hadn’t quite been broken in yet, and John’s heart swelled.
“And it being you, God forbid you leave a puzzle unsolved.”  Sherlock smiled and let John pull him into a hug.  They broke apart when they heard Violet’s footsteps approaching.
Shrugging, Sherlock draped his arms over John’s shoulder and pulled him in for a kiss.  “I can’t help it that I can read you so well, John.  You never could stop watching me when I dressed like this in the past.”
Taking a deep breath through his nose, Sherlock took all of John back in at the same time as he began to rub his fingertip behind his balls. The dual sensation made John throw his head back over the top of the pillow, his mouth letting out a series of high pitched ahhs without him consciously making the choice to do so. Sherlock increased the pressure with his finger as he sucked and John only had the chance to tug on his hair briefly in warning before he started to come. As John shot down his throat, he moved his hand away and pulled up on John’s cock until just the crown was in his mouth. He ran his tongue just under the plume to coax out the last bit and John’s whole body shivered with sensation.
“MUM!”  John shouted across the gymnasium, his mother’s head shooting around in alarm at the sound of his voice.  “Mum, can my friend – “  He stopped, his head cocking to the side as he turned back to Sherlock.  “What’s your name?”
“Oh my dear, didn’t you realize I already knew?” she said, shocking John even more.  “I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but none of you are very subtle about it.  Cecelia I could understand, I can’t imagine she knows how to control it properly when she’s so young, but surely wherever you learned it taught you to check downstairs that your landlady wasn’t in before crashing things about and making a ruckus.  The number of times I’ve caught one or both of you waving one of those sticks – a wand, I suppose?  Yes, I thought as much, knew it had to be – around as I left the flat or came up for something or other is frankly ridiculous.”
detective inspector.”  Greg elbowed John’s free side and grinned.  “Not to worry, John’s forgiven me for having a piece of shit family.”
John’s face was lowered so he could stare down at Cecelia, but his shoulders and back were fixed into his strong military stance.  It was almost as if the move, from long ignored familiarity, and Sherlock’s hand in his kept him firmly set to his spot rather than crumpled on the floor.  “I figured that, but it couldn’t hurt to ask,” he said, his words directed toward Snape though he spoke down at Cecelia.  “Thank you, though, Severus.  You’ve been an amazing help.”
James stood to shake Mycroft’s hand and pull a third chair over to their table.  Despite Mycroft’s own impressive height, James towered over him.  “Mr. Holmes.  I hoped that we might meet someday.”
In slight bewilderment, Sherlock nodded.  He approached John and grasped his head in his hands, lowering his face to brush a light kiss over John’s lips.  When he pulled away, he continued to cradle his face in his enormous hands.  “Thank you.  For understanding.  I can go alone if necessary.”
“Yes, Dr. Watson?  You yelled?” McGonagall answered from behind her desk, her eyes a mixture of amused and curious.
“Oh God, please stop,” Sherlock groaned, his head falling forward onto John’s chest.  He felt John chuckle through the fabric of his button down and pulled him closer.
“Barts.  Molly really did have a set of lungs for me.”
Sherlock’s lips contorted into a scowl.  “There must be a way to find the differences, something in the DNA that indicates a metamorphmagus versus your typical wizard.  Honestly, there should be some sort of sequence that designates a magical being over a Muggle.  I ought to be able to formulate some sort of system to figure out if an individual has magical skills, or even just a relative in their genealogy that had magic…”  He trailed off and meandered into the kitchen to dig through some of his current experiments.  Teddy watched him go with raised eyebrows and a slightly gaping mouth.  John chuckled at the sight and gave him an apologetic smile.
“Hi, I’m John!” he declared.  He shuffled his chair close enough that they were nearly sitting on top of one another.  “Miss Hart said we’re gonna be paired up for the assignmen’.  We gotta talk about candy canes!  What’s your name?  Do you wanna be friends?”
Sherlock attempted to stop his uncomfortable squirming, grounding himself in John’s reassuring touch on his thigh.  “Chance, mostly, through John revealing he was a wizard.  We’ve been working on developing it together.”
Sherlock sighed, but he took the tea.  “More talking?  How often does this usually happen in relationships?”
Okay a couple of notes before we continue:
“You good?” he asked, giving him a slight nudge and walking towards the entrance.  Sherlock quickly followed.
John wrapped an arm around his neck to get him closer and kissed him deeply, guiding him with a hand on his hip toward their room.
Sherlock knelt before the fire, prodding at the logs with the poker.  John spotted an opened bottle of wine on Sherlock’s table next to his chair, a pair of waiting glasses flanking it.  On John’s table, however, was a single osiria rose tilted in towards the chair and fire.  John approached it and took it up, fingering the stem and smiling to himself.  When he looked over at Sherlock, he had shifted around so that he could watch John.  Tilting his head up in invitation, John encouraged him to stand.  Sherlock followed his silent command and came to crowd in John’s space.  While Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s neck, John pulled him in with an arm around his waist and cradled the rose between them.
“That
“You’ll come when I say so, beautiful,” John muttered in his ear, starting a brutal pace on Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock let out a series of jagged whines half lost in his panting and John felt his stomach clenching below his wrists in his attempt to hold off his orgasm. Without needing John’s encouragement, he worked on John’s cock simultaneously, tightening his hold as John thrust into them and rubbing his thumb along the slit every time they came in contact.
John stiffened and sniffed.  “Right.  Suppose I should just leave you to it then, since I’m obviously just making it worse.”  He spun on his heel and started to carry Cecelia into their bedroom.  Behind him, Sherlock took a step forward him to follow but stopped himself before he got farther than John’s chair.  Moments later, John emerged fully dressed with Cecelia in his arms.
Sherlock, meanwhile, found himself once again gaping after John, watching in bemused confusion as he darted off in the direction of the abandoned building on beside the alleyway that held their crime scene.  Between one blink and another, John had darted inside what had abruptly become a fairly unimpressive pub.  Sherlock blinked in stunted confusion at the sudden change, gradually approaching the entrance John had left open to peer inside.  He reached out a hand to run a finger down the door, finding rough yet solid wood under his touch.  He reached forward with more confidence to fully grasp it and tentatively entered after John, eyebrows rising so high on his forehead that they nearly disappeared into his curls.
“Can we help you?” he asked, attempting to keep the irritation from his voice and failing.  The man leaned an elbow on the trolley’s handle and rested his other hand on his hip, watching them with a smug expression.
“Hmm,” Sherlock acknowledged, eyes racing across the page.  “Which House was yours?”
I was doing so well keeping up with these and they keep throwing new content out that distracts me for the next twelve hours.  Anyway someday I'll get back on track, we'll see if today is that day.
“Mummy?  Can John and I come out tonight?  There’s something important I need to discuss with you…”
Sensing John’s increasing melancholy, Sherlock smiled and put the photo back before changing the subject.  “What position were you?  I know even less about Quidditch than I do Muggle sports.”
“He can’t possibly expect me to just sit by while my parents’ murderers go offing more Muggles!” John replied with an incredulous laugh.  “The man Harry knew may have been a hell of a lot younger, Professor, but in spirit he’s not much changed.  I’m a soldier as much as he, if not more so, and inaction is not my usual method.”
“Boyfriend,” he stated without preamble.  The boy’s mouth fell open in shock.
The link in the fic is to the corset that inspired Sherlock's look. Also a big old shout out to this website https://www.theduchy.com/karada/ for information on bondage - it is super fascinating and very informative with good descriptions and visuals for learning about all of this stuff. I have gained so much knowledge I didn't expect from writing this fic (I tried to make that an actual link and failed I'M SORRY just copy and paste)
“It will be fine,” he muttered into John’s ear, rubbing his nose against it.  John slowly blew out the breath he’d been holding and shifted to rest his temple against Sherlock’s cheek.  “They are our friends, by some mad chance, and they have experienced far worse from us than this.  At least no one has died this time.”
“Nice trick – which spell did you use?  Will it keep going if we leave the room?”
“I – how do you even know who I am?” he demanded, his surprise gradually becoming indignation.
When it came time for them to head to the studio, John vowed to simply do whatever it was that Sherlock needed him to do and enjoy what he had for the moment. His heart hollowed at the thought of the newfound intimacy ending, but he forced the feelings aside in favour of devoting himself to Sherlock’s use. While the intimacy certainly hadn’t helped John get over his love of Sherlock, he wouldn’t let it change anything about their relationship if he could help it. If Sherlock could manage to get through the week without falling prey to the tangles of affection and love, then so could John.
“Sherlock…” he muttered, the end of the word shifting up half an octave as the body creating the lump shot up and out from under the blankets.  Sherlock Holmes glared around the bedroom, his hair a terror of frizzy curls and his lips wet and red.  He licked them as he narrowed his eyes at the window, where an owl shaped shadow seemed to be glaring right back.  Before either of them could move, a dull pounding of tiny footsteps echoed from the ceiling and grew louder the closer they got.  Sherlock’s head snapped to the door and his eyes grew wide as he quickly ducked back under the covers just as it burst open to reveal a tawny haired child.
The time has come for Sherlock's wand to find him.
“You assumed the more dominant role last night, so I’ll do the same this time.”
John read the offered section, not more than a paragraph long, detailing a curious case of varied magical ability.  The magical quill known to write down the names of magical children for consideration at Hogwarts when they were born would very rarely end a name with a question mark, an obvious yet uncommon uncertainty.  Generally it was thought that it was a malfunction in the quill, causing it to be put through standard maintenance to ensure it was working properly, but no issues were ever found.  Each name that was included with a question mark, however, had the same distinguishing quality of including the surname of Holmes.
As John looked down at the construction paper creation, he couldn’t help but start giggling.  Cecelia had formed hearts out of the paper, complete with laced edging and covered in stickers.  In the middle, a picture of the three of them when Cecelia was still a baby waved up at them, obviously developed to be made into a moving wizarding photograph despite the image having been taken on a mobile.  The design of Sherlock’s was nearly identical, the main differences coming from the colours and the picture itself.  While John recognized that the image on his came from Sherlock’s mobile, the one on Sherlock’s came from John’s.  When John glanced over at Sherlock, he was barely hiding a smirk.
John shrugged and scrounged through the diaper bag at the bottom of the pram, pulling out a small container of Cheerios.  “I just thought it might be good for you to meet.  Given what happened the other day, I though James might have some valuable input.”
“…just out in the alley.  Did you hear anything out there this morning or have any rough folk pass through?”
“Sherlock…” John watched as Sherlock toyed with the edge of his dressing gown. The hollow tone to his voice made John want to wrap him up in his arms and keep him safe from everyone who was ever cruel to him. He made the choice before even consciously realising it as he reached out for Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock’s head shot up and John felt him shiver when he rubbed his thumb along the back of it. “You’re wrong, you know. About no one ever being interested in you.” Sherlock  scoffed and John squeezed his hand. “You are! I know for a fact someone likes you for more than just your looks.”
“Ready, darling?” John muttered as he pulled away from Sherlock’s neck to look at his face. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open, his pupils blown dark as he stared up at John desperately. John swallowed thickly and lowered himself until he rested on his heels, copying Sherlock’s position. Reluctantly he released his grip on Sherlock’s waist to grab one of Sherlock’s hands, coaxing his fingers out of the iron grip it had on John’s shirt. With his other hand, he fumbled with the buckle on his chest holster, desperate to loosen his own shirt and take a proper deep breath. Once Sherlock realised what he was doing, he yanked his hand free from John’s hold to help, managing to unbutton all but the last two before his desire to see more overwhelmed him and he pulled the two sides apart to reveal most of John’s chest.
“By the time we’re back, we won’t be able to do that any longer,” Sherlock commented as he carried her into the sitting room.  “I’m not getting any younger, you know.”
“Already ahead of you,” John said to Mary, giving her a wave as he headed out the door.  “Don’t wait up!”  With that, he dashed out into the night, hailing down a cab and ordering him in crisp tones to Baker Street.  There weren’t many cars out that night, making the trip a short and relatively uneventful one.  He popped his head down the hall to send Mrs. Hudson a brief hello before heading upstairs, finding Sherlock seated in his armchair with his legs crossed and his hands steepled.  His eyes shot open at John’s approach, his body replying by jumping up to yank on his coat.
.  I have no doubt Dr. Watson will explain all, but give him the proper chance to do so.  This is far too deep a pit for you to be exploring without the proper light.”  Mycroft snatched up his umbrella, sent Sherlock a quick nod of farewell, and was down the stairs and out the door before Sherlock had the chance to think of a response.  Eventually he turned to glance back at his research, a small frown on his face, before giving out a huff and storming into his bedroom.
“Oh, really?”  Doyle shifted just enough to make it seem as though he glanced over his shoulder.  “How lovely.  I thought for sure that he’d never have the time to give you the attention you so rightfully deserve, what with how taxing that job of his is.  What luck that he managed to set aside some of his busy time for you.”
“Neville!  Merlin, it’s been
As John smiled and nodded at the table at large, Cecelia used the edge of the table to pull herself up on her tiptoes.  “This table is quite tall,” she commented matter of flatly.  Still holding the edge, she sank back on her flattened feet and turned to John.  “Will we be able to see over it, Da?”
Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered and he shuddered.  “I…I assumed you felt some form of affection…but…”
“Seriously, in the Forest?” he asked, trying to follow Sherlock’s line of sight.  “Why?”
Sherlock slid out of his heels easily, bringing him back down to his usual, less towering height. Keeping his eyes fixed on John, he climbed onto the bed on his knees, bringing John with him. Once they both knelt facing each other, he leaned forward and buried his face in John’s neck, inhaling deeply. John’s mouth fell open as his eyes closed, tipping his head back to give Sherlock room to explore his neck. As Sherlock traced his painted lips down the small space above John’s jacket, John released his hands to grasp Sherlock’s hips and pulled him close. He ran his hands up the soft fabric of his corset, taking in how tight it was and the feminine shape it gave Sherlock’s long torso. Sherlock, meanwhile, guided John’s face to the side to run his lips up his jaw to his ear. He bit the lobe lightly and John clutched the corset’s edges, already desperate to touch skin instead.
John pulled away to stand quickly, causing Sherlock to sway forward in search of his fingers. He slowly blinked his eyes open to meet John’s, his pupils already enormous. John shot him a quick smile and picked up the rope, walking around the bed to crawl back in behind Sherlock. Feeling his presence behind him, Sherlock visibly relaxed, reclining fully back on his heels once more. Pulling the rope so that the ends met, John looped the ends around Sherlock’s neck to the front and set to work.
“That’s strange…that pin looks awfully familiar. Where did you find it? I don’t remember putting it in with our accessories – “
The sun had hardly decided to arrive when the sound began.  Before, the townhouse sat completely still, the only signs of life coming from the gentle inhales and exhales of its occupants.  It was only  the murmurings of an infant, gradually increasing as its distress grew, that caused its parents to eventually rise into a half form of wakefulness.
“That’s where I’ve started.  We know enough about metamorphmagi that Mary has to actually be a female, otherwise she wouldn’t have been able to become pregnant.  Only someone whose permanent internal organs have a female makeup can have children, even if it’s a metamorphmagus reformed into a woman.  So at least we’ve got the advantage there, since Death Eaters were more likely to be male.  We’ve got less of a list to go through.”
.  You had to get involved, recognising it on our very first kill.  And you even managed to marry Abigail, weakening her, making her soft, making her
“No, I suspect I’m the only one,” Sherlock said as he pulled away and took John’s hand.  “Something about the personal aspects of what is said makes me think the students are safe from his irritable wrath.”  As they walked into the flat proper, he considered John’s question carefully.  “I think I’d rather keep the matter to ourselves for the time being.  It sounds ridiculous, but I’m slightly ashamed of the fact that some young idiot is bothering me so much.”
“Gin?  You still up, love?”
“I’m sure some of the professors would be willing to work something out.  I certainly wouldn’t mind some firsthand teaching myself.”  They lay together in silence for a while, simply enjoying the moment together and the comfort of their flat.  John felt the weight of the bag of rings in his pocket and briefly considered whether now was the moment.  He glanced down at Sherlock, taking in the lines at the corners of his eyes and the slight frown that still remained around his mouth.  As John watched, Sherlock’s blinks grew gradually slower, the lines smoothing out as his face began to grow lax.  His breath against John’s t-shirt grew more relaxed until eventually they evened out completely, his eyes remaining closed.  Rather than disturb him, John ran his free hand through Sherlock’s hair to massage his scalp lightly.  Letting out a sigh of contentment, Sherlock fell fully asleep and John let him be, deciding that his proposal could wait for a day when Sherlock was less stressed and John was more prepared for what his answer might be.
“Whatever you’d like is fine,” Sherlock replied, studying John’s chosen lubes. “What will we be doing tonight?”
Before he could actually touch him, Sherlock jolted awake, knocking the book in his lap to the floor.  The heavy tome thudded loudly and in seconds Cecelia was awake and screeching her displeasure.  When Sherlock made to stand, John put a hand on his knee and shook his head to stop him.
“Of course not – Teddy, this is my best friend, consulting detective Sherlock Holmes.  Sherlock, this is Teddy Lupin.”
Sherlock threw down the chip he had been twirling in his fingers and reached for his coat.  “That’s okay, we can go back; I don’t mind.”
Sherlock released a breath, running a hand roughly through his hair.  He turned enough to flop into John’s chair over the arm, letting his legs dangle over one of them and throwing his head back against the other.  Scrubbing a hand across his face, he glared up at the ceiling, running through their argument in his head.  He groaned at the memory of his own words, but something John said caught his attention.  He shot up in his seat, one of his legs falling off the arm with a thud, and looked into the kitchen where his wand still sat on the table.
John let his grip hover back down to Sherlock’s hips, giving them his attention for a brief moment.  He could distract himself for only so long before they slipped even lower, grasping his arse in two tight handfuls.  Sherlock warred with himself, arching back against John and up to give him more room.  His nails scratched at John in a silent bid to continue.  John replied by digging his hands harder into the tense muscles, pushing and pulling them apart.  Without Sherlock noticing, he managed to slip a finger down and between to push against his hole.  Sherlock whimpered and threw his head back further over John’s shoulder, his legs automatically parting to allow him closer.
“Alright, hold on,” John breathed against Sherlock, shifting his hand out from under his back.  He fumbled over to his side table, yanking out the drawer to search for lube.  Sherlock’s fingers grabbed and released the sheets under him, which had shifted along with the duvet in his struggles.  When John returned holding the lube, Sherlock released them to grab his knees and pull them up and out, opening himself for John.  John had to pause to breathe in deeply at the move before shuffling into position.
“It’s rather convenient, actually,” John replied with a grin, pulling Sherlock further into the room.  “Who needs all those fancy store-bought contraptions, eh?  I wouldn’t suggest leaving her alone in that, though.  She’s damn smart and can get herself over those pillows in a few minutes if you stop paying attention for too long if she’s got the right dedication.”
“So…seems like it’s been a bit since you went to the library,” he began, his voice falsely casual.  “Did Pince finally banish you?”
“Can’t imagine why the staff wouldn’t tolerate cleaning up literal shit daily on the elevator shafts,” John replied in a conversational tone.  Sherlock’s lips quirked into a grin while Mycroft rolled his eyes.  “I’m a bit surprised they’re still using the planes, though.  That’s what they used the last time I was here, and that was close to twenty years ago.”
Harry led the way to the entrance with Mycroft close behind, John and Sherlock in the rear.  As soon as they pushed the doors open, they were met by a man in Auror robes who instantly stiffened at the sight of Harry.  Harry waved off the man’s formality and introduced them all.  “Edwards, I want you to tell Sherlock and John exactly what you told me when I Flooed over here a few minutes ago.”
Time for some John back story!  This chapter is extra long and I tried to avoid spending too much time discussing anything Potter related that didn't directly deal with John, since I'm assuming that if you're reading this you know all that jazz.  :)  Also, when I first started out writing this, the back story with Sherlock and magic was not something I had ever considered and...well.  It escalated quickly.  Thanks to everyone for your amazing responses and let me know what you think!
Somehow, despite all of the work he and Sherlock were putting into the investigation, John never found the means to tell Mary the truth.  He easily could keep the wizarding aspect out of his explanation; it wouldn’t be the first time he altered the story for the sake of concerned Muggle friends.  But sharing the sordid details of his parents’ deaths with her, not to mention the evidence coming out to suggest that the same individuals were at it again, seemed like an unnecessary burden to place on her.  Harry and Sherlock were already taking care of it and, if he were to be completely honest with himself about it, he never fully trusted her after what had happened the year before.  It seemed like far too much of a risk to share this new information with her, particularly when at his core John would prefer that she not be involved.
He just could not care, not about anything.
It was almost noon. Sherlock stared out of the tall, narrow window. He had been oscillating between two moods over the past ten hours: climbing the walls... or reflective, utter stillness.
It was John.
“But you might not,” John finished for him, anger fading behind a wash of dread.
“You utter cock,” John sighed, eyes closing, head dropping. He cupped the phone close, listening so hard he could hear the soft whoosh of his own blood and the breath of his friend on the other end of the signal, “Our... mutual... acquaintance told me why you did it. I…” -- he cursed softly, and then finished the statement -- “I hate it. Jesus, I thought I hated you, but I don't. I don't. I get it. I get why you did it.”
John was getting nervous for his friend. He had rarely seen Sherlock so emotional, except maybe at Baskerville. He didn’t count the moments before Sherlock had jumped from Bart’s. That had been an acting job, hadn’t it? Now, John wasn’t so sure.
In the dead of night, John’s questioning awoke him, “Where are we?”
Sherlock choked on a silenced moan, chin dropping to his chest as his own hands clamped down on the table behind him. His frost-green eyes were half-lidded, dilated with pleasure, breath shallow.
Curt watched Sherlock with hungry wonder, the intense emotion playing across Sherlock’s pale face. He put his own hands at the bony crests of Sherlock’s pelvis, applying a pressure that would surely bruise, aligning their erections and providing one, long, slow grind that sent the room tilting away from them. The move elicited a deep-throated moan from Sherlock that made the hairs on Curt’s spine stand on end.
“Love?” John all but laughed, eyes sparkling with incredulity. Sherlock did not love anything but the work. “We are talking about your brother, right?”
“I followed you. You really should cultivate your situational awareness, John. You plowed straight into me, and then you let me follow you for blocks and blocks. I was too late to see you punch Anderson, unfortunately. I can’t imagine what’s taken so long for you to do it.”
Curt furrowed his brows in concern at the extended silence and the pained look on the other man’s face. He swallowed hard, and reached a hand out to touch Sherlock’s lower back. Hesitantly: “Sherlock?... What is it?”
Sherlock groaned in disappointment, turning his eyes on his brother who, despite his harsh words, actually looked concerned. Sherlock did not have the energy for banter, “What is it that you want?”
All those soft, chaste touches these past weeks had been enough, until now.
He could look on that face for the rest of his life. He realized that he wanted to watch it wrinkle with age, and John would be happy with that. Because that would not only mean that Sherlock survived to old age, but it would also mean that Sherlock was in John’s life. And he couldn’t imagine a life without Sherlock Holmes.
Just lightning.
John nodded even though he knew Sherlock could not see him. He was still experiencing a bit of shock at the enormity of the moment. “I can’t believe I’m talking to you,” John marveled aloud.
John stood uncertainly in the specialty shop, holding the small box of debris as if it were about to launch itself free from his arms. The small, thin woman approached him from behind the counter. Expensive stringed instruments were displayed everywhere, though not crowded. It was more like an art gallery than a music store, complete with individual spot lights and bronze plaques etched with information mounted next to the beautiful instruments.
Sherlock glanced sharply up at John who seemed to struggle against an impulse to hide.
"Oh, bloody hell," John cursed yet again when he realized what else had been in his jacket, "My keys! My bloody, fucking KEYS!" He shouted this last bit so loud that it echoed down the street.
He allowed that almost-grin of his to soften his expression, and opened the door to the restaurant. I followed. I wanted to be swallowed by my jacket, if I am to be honest. This was uncharted territory for us, and it was all inlaid within a typical post-case meal.
“That’s what she says. Witnesses say the same. Did it all with her bare hands, no less.”
“Wait… that’s impossible,” John started, blinking rapidly, shaking his head, “That would mean she was able to get down here, to ground level, in the amount of time it took the shooter to fire a few shots.”
“Please. Just… Can we just…” I heard myself saying close to his skin, like a prayer, “Pretend I’m not doing this.”
“The Virginia Hotel,” Sherlock issued their destination to the cabby, as if it were any other day, nothing wrong.
In that very instant, 221B melted away into cataclysmic torrents, revealing a reddened sky and a sandstorm on a desert horizon. John had his hand fisted in the camouflage jacket of a tall, masculine figure, just now coming into sharp focus as if surfacing out of a memory. It was most definitely not Sherlock. His name was Shaun, and his dark brown hair was shorn close to the scalp.
It scared the hell out of me.
He stutter-stepped to a stop, noticing exactly where he was. He was two streets over from a certain music shop wherein a beautiful woman worked. What had been her name? Mavis? Malorie?
“This! To get you to…” – Here, John faltered, struggled for the words that seemed to stall at the weird fear and anger that laced the ideas cropping up behind his eyes. He stuttered once, and then, “I dunno... to get you to shoot up again, get back into that life with him.”
Some minutes passed in relative silence. I was starting to become nervous as I observed the steeping bags, hands clenching and unclenching at my sides. The brown coloring of the saturated tea leaves began to creep from the fine, paper packaging. The swirling clouds of amber drifted lazily in the hot water. What was Sherlock’s plan? Was this it?
John stepped in front of him. Sherlock came up short, his chosen path effectively blocked. He glared at the former soldier, but John did not waver.
He stood on the step now, looking up at the knocker below the brass numbers. It hung crooked, and that made John’s mouth twitch upwards at the corners. How he missed his friend, like a phantom limb.
Curt sucked, stroked and lathed with his tongue. He worshipped the cock before him, eyes rolled back in his head before closing in Carnal Bliss. He furrowed his brows and made a noise as if he were tasting the most delicious thing on the planet.
As much as Curt wanted this, he knew it had to stop now. Damnit. Shit. And Sherlock did not look like he was capable of stopping of his own volition. So, Curt took mercy on him. Fuck.
When John raised his gaze to Sherlock’s face, his friend’s silver-green eyes were bright, and his breathing had increased under John’s scrutiny.
“Oh, hello,” she greeted someone who was apparently on the sofa.
Sherlock hailed a cab, pendant safe in his pocket. He searched his phone for the name of the professor with whom he had consulted on various occasions when the need arose. He sent a text asking for help.
“I know!” John tossed his hands up at the admission, “Damnit.” He ran his hands through his hair as if trying to physically gather his thoughts. He quieted, “Damnit, Sherlock. I know. It’s none of my business. You just… You deserve better.”
John’s heart couldn’t seem to beat properly, the chambers fluttering, ineffectual. He felt lightheaded.
Gazing into the pale eyes of his friend, John suddenly felt dizzy, and exposed. He tried to take a deep, calming breath before attempting to speak, searching Sherlock’s face for understanding, “What are you talking about? It’s not simple. It never has been. Why can’t I just… not do this again?”
John needed a stiff drink.
Curt paused, went very still as he struggled to think. Sherlock saw the moment that Curt remembered, “Yeah, a pin. Brian gave me a green pin when we were together. He said it had belonged to Oscar Wilde. I gave it to Arthur.”
Curt did not answer right away.
The doctor cleared his throat, and proceeded in a casual way, “So, do you think Mycroft is… you know…”
“Is he back here?” John pushed open the bedroom door, looking ready to toss the furniture about, as if Curt were hiding under the bed.
He stood at the sink, looking down into the empty cups. Why was this beginning to overwhelm him? Nonsense. He felt some nameless tension filling him, and it grew in John’s presence. He had been isolated so long, and now he was only a few steps from the Real John Watson. Mind Palace John Watson paled in comparison.
Sherlock hesitated, bit at his lower lip, then gently ran his foot along John’s. A silent sort of sigh rolled out of his lungs, and he let his head fall back and his own eyes close. All the ease that had filled the flat now filled him. The taut muscles of his shoulders relaxed and the lines between his brows smoothed.
He had continued to see his therapist every other week. Leaving out, of course, Sherlock’s status as a living human being as opposed to a corpse. At the behest of John, they had been working on his aversion to identifying as anything but straight. Twelve sessions later, and John did not think they had made much progress. He hadn’t experienced a breakthrough, per se`. They had talked about Harry, and her wife. They had talked endlessly about his parents attitude towards homosexuality, his father’s alcoholism, and the shame his catholic school upbringing had programmed into him.
Sherlock opened the letter, and re-read it.
Sherlock removed his hands from John’s knees. John did not remember when they had been put there.
I felt as if he had smacked my mouth.
He stopped on the sidewalk, clouds of white breath mushrooming in front of his face. He ducked quickly into the mouth of an alleyway, alone and breathing hard. Though this time, the burning in his chest made sense because of the running. Making sense was a Good Thing.
, but please do ogle Lestrade on your own time. It does little for my spirits, makes me sort of… queasy.”
Curt watched Sherlock with bald interest, watched those eyes rapidly scan back and forth as if speed reading some phantom book. There was nothing on earth that had compared to intimacy (albeit drugged intimacy) with the young genius before him.
“He’s not dead.”
“You.”
Sherlock was nervous adding this last bit. He checked tentatively for John’s reaction.
The warmth between their palms built and spread up their arms.
Mycroft raised his eyebrows, and leaned back in his chair, fingers steepling.
For a brief moment, John caught a glimpse of why Sherlock would have found the musician to be enjoyable company. Good thing he was going, then.
Lestrade walked up to them, wearing a long trench coat and holding a black, expensive-looking umbrella.
Lestrade’s stout umbrella almost blew away in gusts that buffeted them before the wind dissipated into dreary stillness. The rain had stopped, leaving only a gray canopy of unladen storm clouds.
Curt huffed a laugh, “Forgot how well you do that.”
“What about Arthur Stuart?” John heard himself ask, trying to keep up with Sherlock’s chain of reasoning.
Sherlock had always brought out the submissive within.
“Yeah. Figured some things out… got some help,” Curt slipped his fingers into the recesses of his back pockets. He looked much older than Sherlock remembered him being. Of course, he did, time had passed. Years.
She looked upon the face, trying to focus. She did not know it, did not expect to know it.The eyes, though, were crimson and gold, like hers. She struggled to breathe, to stay upright. The stranger was Jini, like her. The mathematical probability of this meeting made her a little giddy despite the sudden violence perpetrated against her
Hoija leaned against the cold brick of the building, feet planted firmly on a fourth story fire escape. Her gaze was trained on the ugly face of the alleyway opposite, unseeing. The weak morning light played prisms with the gold and scarlet of her alien irises. Gone were the contact lenses, and gone was her desire to be among the people of this Intersection of space-time.
“Oi, it’s not visitin’ hours,” called a male nurse who probably was already aggravated by Mycroft’s presence. Lestrade flashed a badge and the nurse scowled and continued his rounds.
Sherlock was summarily confounded, “What the hell am I supposed to say to that?”
Curt's eager ministrations were now central to his Reality.
“Is Mycroft gay?” John asked, suppressing the smile that begged to appear on his face. He folded his arms across his chest, a twinkle in his eyes.
He knew he was roundly screwed up.
John was headed out early in order to grab a bite to eat before his rotation at the clinic. He was starving. He was already planning on picking up curry chicken on the way back from work. He would get a double order. One never knew when Sherlock would actually eat but he could at least have something on hand for the great git.
I merely stepped into the stranger’s path, my feet planted, body low, shoulder first. His momentum barely shifted me, and my interference cost him his balance and breath. He landed flat on his back with a smack to the back of his head via London concrete. He was knocked out.
“Right. He gonna be okay, you think?” Lestrade gestured to Sherlock who had already begun to leave, and now was waiting patiently on the other side of the crime scene tape. “He seemed pretty shook up.”
John’s gaze moved back and forth between Sherlock’s mouth and surprised eyes.
He noted his body’s responses, the increased rate of breathing, sweaty palms, and the sensitivity to smell: Curt’s smell of leather, cigarettes and coffee. It had been so very long, and this idiotic thing with John had made him want… Just, Want.
John threw back one of Sherlock’s most trademark statements, ”Obviously.”
She proceeded to kill every person Brian had ever cared about. Jack Fairy, because of Brian’s idolization of the rock icon. Brian’s ex-wife for obvious reasons. And Curt Wild because Brian still bought the man’s records, and still cried out for him in the night.
It was like stepping into warm waters after a frigid day working outside.
Sherlock opened his eyes and saw him there. He pushed from the door and strode towards Curt.
A sobering, frightening, exhilarating thought, that.
“I’ll think about it,” is what he said.
“Take care of yourself.”
“I know. I know. I had to make an excuse to see you, and you drank way more than I thought you would. I had to know, had to see for myself!”
He sat up, bleary eyed, blinking into John’s sleeping face. He waited.
He could not predict what would happen next, no.
Added to that familiar affection was now a frank, uncomplicated desire: pupils dilated, breathing slightly increased, a bounding pulse at the base of the older man’s neck. The realization sent waves of pleasure through Sherlock, alien and unsettling. He instantly felt the blush under his shirt, felt the warmth rising just before his face burned hot.
“I miscalculated, though,” he said softly. He took one more step, pivoting to stand just before me, just at the edges of my personal space.
“Stop it!” Sherlock startled himself as well as John, who had his face turned away, “I’m holding your hand. I’m here. I’m not going anywhere.”
Inside his mind, oceans of luminescent water stripped the doors from the jams, stripped the wallpaper, and he was overcome. His body shuddered once, and strong. He shivered through a single, shaky breath.
Such relief saturated him even as his disbelief of their reunion clung to his heart. He swept his thumb across the back of Sherlock’s neck, and placed the next kiss on his cheekbone, and then his cheek.
I readied myself in the empty house, the noise from the telly fading to a squawk even as the lines around my perception blurred and I found myself stilled and staring into a mirror. Alone, and so much more weathered; I hardly recognized that dazed expression as my own.
“I could hear your brain working from the bedroom,” Sherlock said from the other side of the kitchen table.
I shivered then. His arms softened around me.
“No!” John shouted, and then whispered in a shaking timbre, “You say it. You tell me. Tell me the truth. Is Sherlock alive?”
Sherlock fought the urge to ogle John’s mouth, preoccupied as his mind was with the Need, “What do you mean, no case?”
John jogged through the rain. The cab hadn’t been able to get too close. The street had been cordoned off.
“How’s that going to work since it is… covered… in…” but John stopped, seeing that the kitchen had been thoroughly cleaned. He blinked, looked to his flatmate, “Did Mrs. Hudson do that?”
She patted him and bade farewell to Anderson before disappearing down the stairs.
“If you could do me one favor…” Sherlock’s voice was no longer soft, but confident.
Dr. Lennon stared after, sighing at the loss and the wonder of the pendant, “My, my, my.”
The slime from the experiment left green and brown streaks on John’s jumper.
John watched Sherlock’s fair skin turn pink, first his neck and then his cheeks. John found that he loved the sight. It was intoxicating. It made him nearly lose his composure. He had dropped his arms down to his sides without knowing it.
The room was silent except for the soft murmurs coming from John’s lips.
“Just… please…can you leave? Please? Now?” John’s voice was rough as his emotions warred within, rage, self-disgust, embarrassment and a deep abhorrence for Phillip Anderson who had witnessed his deepest secret crawl from its wretched tomb.
The unexpected sound of rapid gunfire and explosions made ice run through his arteries where molten lava had once burned.
“Stop right there, you idiot,” Curt said.
He did not believe her to be ignorant of the pendant’s location.
And what form had all of that Need taken? Why, it had taken the form of John Watson, sans jumper. Sans pretty much everything but a pair of camouflage trousers bloused over dusty combat boots. There were stripes of fresh blood on his boots. Strange.
Mycroft, knowing his younger brother so very well, leaned back into his seat, demonstrating how much luxury could be had in the back of the car.
Damn. He would have to apologize to Anderson another day.
“John!” She turned and smiled. Her smile wilted at the edges, “You look absolutely terrible. It’s a good thing Philip saw you home last night.”
Lestrade perked up a bit, glancing between the two brothers, “What did he say?”
I frowned at that, heart suddenly hammering away in my chest. “What?”
The bitter thought made him smile without humor, while simultaneously wrenching at invisible drawstrings in his gut. He felt conflicted and increasingly hopeless. Neither were familiar or welcome feelings for him.
“You’ve just fixed your hair, and managed a poor job of straightening your suit. Why, brother dear, you are positively rumpled. What have you been up to?”
He carefully wrapped his arms around his detective, and consolingly placed kisses all over his face.
“Cheers,” the man said, startling him out of his reverie.
John struggled to remember. Anderson had been fully clothed in the bed, but John had been naked. He had brief flashes of memory cartwheel through his mind, nothing clear… except… Anderson’s hand on his cock.
The Prologue: Sherlock
The next sound was an indistinct murmur from his resurrected friend. John strained to hear, eyes closing. Sherlock’s voice was distant, echoing as if he were holding the phone far from his face, “The words they use so lightly... I only feel for you.”
“Curt left,” Sherlock stated from his chair, looking up from his phone, taking in John’s appearance with a few flicks of his eyes.
******
Sherlock’s shoulders stiffened slightly as his awareness clattered up a few rungs of his mind, thoughts whirring to life behind the curtain of sensation. He saw John’s image reflected in the shine of the four-slice toaster.
“So you’ve said,” Mycroft prevaricated.
John had moved back to Baker Street as soon as he could stand to be in the same room as the (duly mollified) detective. At first, they had settled into a precarious partnership. Over the following months, they grew closer, wounds still fresh, but the healing had begun. And this kind of healing apparently had a lot to do with staring.
Sherlock finally answered with a barely suppressed urgency, “I can’t downplay this, the danger in which I find myself. The danger that you face now is much less than it once was. I have seen to it. You have to do your very best not to let on… to anyone.”
“As if I would waste money for…
She reached in and pulled out a slip of paper that said,
It was a few seconds before John noticed Sherlock had not returned the kiss. His friend must have sensed his uncertainty, because before he could pull away to question the moment, Sherlock tentatively chased his kiss.
“Curt!? What the devil are you doing here?! Oh, you gorgeous man, come here!” John was pretty much shoved to the side, out of the way of their apparent reunion.
“Oh, oh, you are more than welcome! I feel like I should be thanking you. What are you going to do with it?”
Sherlock waved away the accusation, standing and turning with a dramatic swirl of his dressing gown, “Semantics,” he declared, “Unimportant details that do not invalidate the claim.”
Mycroft was promptly rewarded with a kiss that set fire to his mind. He sighed into the embrace.
“Get in the car,” Mycroft ordered.
“I duly concur, Mrs. Hudson. But rest assured. John will come to me.”
It couldn’t be Sherlock. Sherlock was dead. John lifted the twisted covers off his own body, hoping he was not naked. Socks, yes. Pants, no.
It all came to a head when they were in the kitchen, the smell of coffee and toast heavy in the air.
“Okay? Just like that? No protest?” Sherlock sounded suspicious.
The deduction happened all in a rush of unbiased logic.
Once inside, ticket in hand, John found himself propelled through the throng to a riser that looked out onto the darkened, empty stage. He was just another shadow in the hundreds of people gathered. He felt awkward and out of place, and a little like he needed a drink. He cleared his throat when the crowd pressed close.
He stopped in front of the wide picture window, the display was as tasteful and understated as he remembered it. The glass must be some kind of shatter or burglar resistant material, he thought to himself.
“John,” Sherlock pivoted on the spot, blinking wide, astonished eyes. His legs felt rubbery when he saw those dark blue orbs squinting about.
Before he could call her name, though, a high, heavenly note of music drifted down from upstairs. The vibrato of a violin string being stroked by a bow.
“Sherlock,” John said, tone colored with a warning and concern.
Curt must have waited almost half of an hour before the sound of an opening door broke the silence.
“Shit,” he gasped abruptly to the empty cab, startling himself, strange and staggering emotion welling within him.
He looked from the window to my eyes, like a silver-green laser shooting right into me. I nodded once and shrugged, “Sure. Of course. Yeah.”
It was just so ridiculous how fascinating the mouth seemed, now that Mycroft had tasted it.
*********************************
“You will find your shuttle arriving too late to be of any use to you,” came Mycroft's smug voice on the chill, winter air.
“Whatever for?”
“Mr. Holmes, this pendant has no equal. It is a scientific marvel.”
“You must be John,” she greeted, a warm smile softening her features and making her appear docile and obliging, though the fierce intelligence in her eyes belied her true nature. The timidity was an excellent facade that would serve her well in sales, “I am Moira. We spoke on the phone.”
“Nice place,” Curt heard himself say. He meant it.
Sherlock couldn’t imagine what must be going through John’s mind. The fear of John’s potential anger, disappointment and/or disgust was burgeoning low in his abdomen. Sherlock did not feel Shame, exactly. The Need saw to that, despite the seedling fear of rejection. He fought within himself, seeking steady ground from which he may be able to Deal with John.
John continued, concentrating on keeping an even keel, “I need you to know…” – but John felt like he was going to have a panic attack.
We did not take a table while we waited for Sherlock’s order. We stood there, some space between us, watching the world. I wondered, as I often tended to, what my friend saw when we shared the same vista. Just being near him changed the way I saw things. He made me aware of the infinite possibility of detail, meaning and history. Interconnectivity. And I remembered one night, long ago, as we walked through an alley on a case, how he had remarked on the beauty of the stars.
Mycroft lowered his chin, looking up at John who approached with two calm steps.
Course of action: Seek subject matter expert.
“Parkour,” she said with no preamble.
Sherlock’s chuckle was warm and it sent a feeling of genuine affection flooding through John. He was so very angry, and so very relieved.
It took longer than he’d like for him to recognize the man who stood before him. Then again, how often did an internationally famous rock star visit one’s doorstep? The leather jacket was nothing short of iconic, the long, bleached blonde hair was tied back in a truncated ponytail. Large, black sunglasses shielded most of his unshaven face. They did not, however, hide the “beauty mark” that confirmed his identity.
Anderson shifted uncomfortably, glancing up through the fringe of his stringy hair, “Look… I…”
A chapter in which John experiences A FUCKING LOT, Mycroft gets caught ogling Lestrade, and Sherlock may just... LOSE HIS MIND... because of the feels.
Although, he had half a mind to approach John as soon as possible, and berate him for his texting Mycroft over such trivial matters.
He darted into the bedroom to wake his impromptu guest, only to find the bed empty. For a second, he wondered if he had hallucinated the whole thing.
It was Sherlock. There. In the flat, looking at him with wary eyes behind which whirred that singularly remarkable mind.
“Jacqui,” called the doctor’s assistant. She entered the lab from the hall that led to the administrative annex.
They now stood an arm’s length away from each other.
He was taken aback at first, but John’s humor was infectious and put Sherlock somewhat at ease. He couldn’t help the small smile that mirrored John’s, “Yes.”
John blinked once, wondering if he was hallucinating, “Curt Wild?”
“How do you think I did it, then? Sherlock?” Hoija asked. Her accent was thick, something John could not place.
John had experimented, certainly, in his life. Once while a teenager, once in college and a few quick rendezvous on deployment. He most definitely preferred women, but when it came to his friend? Well, Sherlock Holmes was exceptional in many ways.
He continued: “Nothing too interesting. Not important. Ah, here it is,” He accepted the bag of food with a thanks and a nod. He really was in rare form.
John recognized the stiff silence and a corner of his mouth bent upward, “I won’t kiss you if you don’t want me to.”
“Help?” I picked up a sleigh bell at my foot, gave it an obligatory jingle.
As the planet rotated and brought more of the world's Starlight to shine on London, Hoija knew she would Step soon and she decided not to miss Curt Wild anymore. It did no good to linger or regret. She had been too late for her friend at this Intersection, and knew from centuries of experience not to try for a different outcome with the same person someplace else.
There was not an instantaneous response. He would have to wait. He could interview Curt in the interim.
John was stunned to find himself actually mulling it over in his mind. He was further surprised to realize how badly he wanted to accept the offer.
At these thoughts, the Need smiled and stepped close, nearly consuming the detective.
But what took so much courage for such a fearless man?
“Because it’s unlike any other alexandrite I have ever seen or heard of. What’s most remarkable is the moissanite! Trace amounts of moissanite, too. More than I think is normal, a much, much, much higher percentage than it has any right to be. I am not an astrogeologist. But it is odd, to me even, that alexandrite and moissanite should even be formed like this. It’s from another star system entirely! I would dare say that this pendant would shake the scientific world on levels I can’t myself begin to express.”
“What did he say was his purpose with my brother?”
If she did not help him find the pendant, she would wish she would have died as easily as this.
In this case, Sherlock’s instantaneous ability to conjure up bigger than life, surround sound, technicolor scenarios worked against him.
“Quite alright. Quite alright,” the older man assured in a smoker’s rasp, patting his shoulder and waving him off.
The lanky detective seemed to come to a decision, “Home?”
“I’m not impotent, John,” Sherlock assured bluntly.
John just sort of… stood there, looking afraid but purposeful.
John’s mouth was set in a grim line, his fists now clenched. Sherlock wasn’t sure quite what John was going to do, fight him or… leave?! He watched, flabbergasted, as John marched to the door.
Sherlock let go of his friend’s hands and turned. John looked up into his face, lost. Sherlock took his hands again and held them resolutely.
John dug out the phone once again as it chimed a second time, and read the texts.
She would not die now, not like this.
The immense relief at losing his mind should have bothered Sherlock, but John was there, kissing him, taking Control of the Need.
“You don’t need seducing, do you? You don’t play… games,” he tilted his chin down, head cocked slightly to the side.
“What?” Sherlock asked, sounding inconvenienced and no longer concerned with the topic at hand. He pinched the green lump with a density caliper.
“Every choice is a chance, brother. Nothin’ for you in this pub… but lousy regrets,” Jack seemed to be talking to himself now, his focus wandering from the present, a memory playing across his face that made John want to run away. It was almost as if he were staring at a ghost of himself.
The phrase sounded strange to John’s ears, coming from Sherlock.
John did that rapid blinking thing he did when he was caught unawares, right in the Feels. A rush of air punched out of his lungs, “First.”
Sherlock was a relentless wave set upon the shore: revisiting, softening, and then crashing back in. Biting, worshipping, soothing, crushing. Undulating hips and firecrackers of pain set off in a dizzying pattern of exquisite stimulus until Curt’s knees turned to jelly and his legs gave.
Ever since Sherlock had returned from the dead, his suicide having been fake (and cruel as All Bloody Hell), John felt that he and his best friend were more estranged extensions of each other than anything, a right hand and a left hand, disembodied. They acted like two people who had been a unit but were now somehow quietly dysfunctional.
It didn’t fit, the topic of conversation and his apparent trepidation.
“Yes, John,” he answered me. His voice was low, and the shape of the words were so delicate, so manicured, that I felt I could say anything at that moment and it would be sacred.
Sherlock blinked rapidly, trying to catch John’s meaning when he remembered the Impromptu Kitchen Fellatio. The high edges of his cheeks, the length of his neck and the tips of his ears turned pink.
Lestrade and John shared a look.
Anderson snatched his coat up and circumvented John, trying not to run, exactly, but leaving with great haste. He did not look back.
“Oi, Greg,” John called to the D.I. who was in deep conversation with Donovan.
John rounded the corner in too big of a hurry, crashing into one man and almost bowling over another.
"I tussled with one of their people and fell down a flight of steps." He didn’t want to include all the details. No reason for John to know he'd had a gun pointed in his face. "It's not bad." He lied.
John dug some more and slapped the lid back on the box. "Grab one end, yeah? I'm going to look at this upstairs."
“What do you want, Seb?” Sherlock hissed, stepping into his space. He would have never spoken like that or made such a threatening gesture when they were dating.
Sherlock tugged his shirt over his head and tossed it on the chair. His trousers followed and he was soon standing there in just the collar and his white pants.
The feeling was intoxicating and exciting.
They left the restaurant, the previously sunny sky turning grey with a coming rain. The air got humid and thick and they caught a cab back to the flat. Sherlock paid the driver and they tumbled into the sitting room just as the rain started to lash the windows. John kissed him playfully and squeezed his bottom and Sherlock shied away with a smile. John dropped the leash and watched him crouch to start a fire and a flock of butterflies swooped around his stomach.
"Alright." John set the crop on the side table and crouched on the floor so they were eye level. Most of Sherlock's face was obscured in the pillow, but one glassy silvery eye met John's own. He reached and smoothed the curls stuck to his sub's forehead off his face. The corner of Sherlock's eye crinkled in a smile and John's mouth quirked. "Cream?" He asked.
The cab ride was silent. John sat rigid in his seat and Sherlock curled up on the bench beside him, resting his face on John’s leg. The doctor’s hand was in his hair, his fingertips gently rubbing his scalp. Sherlock could feel the hard tension in the thigh under his face. He listened to John’s slow measured breaths and appreciated that the man was using the cab ride to calm himself down and hopefully get himself
“Not in the least.” Sherlock took a deep breath and enjoyed the little buzz of pleasure in his brain. His dom was here and he was happy but John was still tense underneath him. His heartbeat was fast and pounding in his ear. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
The printer crunched and warbled loudly, breaking his thoughts. A few pages spat out. He listened to John get up and take the pages. Sherlock looked over his shoulder, watching John press some buttons. Nothing happened.
“Anthony said he loved me.” Logan said, wiping the knife clean.
"Asleep." Greg told John about speaking to the medics and bringing him back home. "His phone died. I plugged it in."
“John.” She said quietly. She squeezed his hand. “I’m going to be auctioned off tonight.”
"Oh God…"
Sherlock shrugged. "The personal lives of celebrities have no interest to me, John, surely you've realized that in the year we've been dating."
"Pardon?"
She seemed satisfied and she produced a key, unlocking his bonds and taking the chains away with her.
“Remember, we’re looking for clues.”
“I was awful to him.” John said. “Do you feel up for this?”
John shook his head. “Naughty, naughty boy, Sherlock.” John strode towards him and the sub backed away, trying not to giggle. “I ask you to do one thing.” John said. He stopped walking when Sherlock had bumped into the corner. His hands were at the small of his back and he was looking at the floor with his shoulders hunched up.
She laughed. “You’re very welcome, John.”
“God,” John groaned with a smile, “we should have done this an age ago.”
"Oh John, we will have fun together." Jim applauded lightly. "What a prize you are. Now, you must excuse me, I have to go reward Sebby for a job well done."
“This paddle is made of rubber and a very thin layer of bamboo—it adds strength as well as flexibility. Make no mistake, this is an instrument for punishing, Sherlock, not play.”
it. It was subtle, but it was something. The Gordian knot of feelings loosened a little more and he squirmed, shoving the tangled thing into a box in his palace.
“It’s got the Hufflepuff crest on it, see?” John said, rubbing his thumb along one of the tiny shapes.  “They decorated the room after my house.”
“I’ll take care of Cecelia,” he declared and before John could say anything, he shot up the stairs.  John sat on the sofa attempting to calm his breathing and listened to the monitor.  He heard Sherlock murmuring to Cecelia, too low for John to tell what he was saying from across the room, and the deep groan of the rocking chair as it started to move.  When he felt he could walk without any wayward body parts interfering, he let out a sigh and set out to get ready for bed.
“It’s fine,” he muttered, nudging him to continue.  “You’re fine, go on.”
When he’d been informed that he was going to be given leave for the Christmas holidays, John did everything in his power to get out of it.  The only family he had left to possibly visit was Harry, who would most likely spend the majority of the time he was around drunk and incoherent, and it would have been more worthwhile to have some of the others who had significant others and children to have the opportunity to go home before he did.  Besides, he would much rather spend Christmas with his men and…well, okay, yes, he was hoping it would be an opportunity to get closer to Sholto.  They only really had a chance to chat for a few minutes every few days when their regiments happened to be paired up, but with the holiday he might get the chance to actually speak with him rather than just the usual small talk or army chatter.  Regardless, he didn’t manage to get out of his leave and here he was, back in London staying in a cheap hotel with no plans beyond staring at his ceiling all day and trips to whatever pub struck his fancy every night.
“I was going through some old things in my office and came across these,” she explained.  John’s eyes widened when he realised what they were, flipping through them with increasing enthusiasm.  “I thought you might be interested in them.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Or the fierce devotion
“We’ve been learning about how different families celebrate the holidays,” Sherlock explained, handing John a folder decorated with cat stickers and various shades of blue sparkles.  John recognized Olivia’s particular touch to it and grinned as he opened it to flip through what was inside.  “We’ve covered most of the basics, like food and places to visit, but today’s assignment involves special activities with parents or guardians.  That’s one of the reasons why I particularly hoped one of the children’s parents could come in today.”
“John?” Sherlock called from the stairs, glancing between upstairs and down.  “Where are you?”
“A few, but none I feel confident enough about to decide it’s the truth,” he eventually replied. “The two patrons I eliminated earlier weren’t attending the entire week during one of the culprit’s thefts, despite having tickets. Apparently one of them had a prior engagement on a Wednesday four weeks ago and the other was busy hooking up with someone they met at the event the night before.”
Sherlock began stroking an enormous hand down Cecelia’s back without noticing he had begun the motion.  “But it wasn’t on the drive.  Everything on Mary’s past, everything to know, was on that drive.”
John rolled his eyes and linked an arm through his elbow.  “He means thank you.  And to think, you were doing so well.  Pleasant, even.”
“One more?” Sherlock whispered into John’s neck, wiggling the two fingers inside him. John swallowed and shook his head, fighting to find his voice as he grabbed at Sherlock’s shoulders.
Sherlock sat hunched over the kitchen table, broad shoulders bent forward awkwardly with his elbows raised in a high, unnatural position above his head.  Before him lay four flasks, each partially filled with a smoky white liquid.  With painstaking precision, he let loose a single drop from the dropper grasped in his left hand, immediately following it with two drops from the one in his opposite hand.  The liquid fizzled slightly, letting off the somewhat sticky smell of burnt toffee, and Sherlock’s head slammed forward to hit the table.  The glasses rattled precariously as Sherlock groaned, maneuvering the goggles over his eyes between the table’s wooden edge and his face.  Eventually one came free from the other, causing him to throw the goggles across the room until their progress was halted by the back of John’s armchair.  He sat like that for a few moments, silently fuming, before his drama required a vocal outlet.
“John, they’re idiots.”
"Ulgh." Sherlock groaned. "Jim is such a horrid little shit. I don't want to go."
“Who the hell are you? How do you know Sherlock?” John’s first instinct was that this man was a dom. John’s hunches about this sort of thing were usually correct.
He set his quill down and mentally shifted into Healer Mode. Rain lashed the window above the desk and thunder rumbled far off over the Iron Sea. People could get into all sorts of pickles on nights like these. He opened the door, expecting the worst.
John scoured the streets and alleyways. There was only a mile between the pub and Dixon’s house, and there were five ways that Sherlock conjectured he could have gone. Two of the routes made more sense than the other three, but the detective wanted to cover every possibility.
“No.” John held his arms tight. “Me first. Then you.”
Sherlock moaned and let his hand flop down. John humped him harder, smiling at the gasping sounds he made. He squeezed Sherlock’s hips and jammed into him, snarling as he orgasmed and spurted into Sherlock’s warm body. He fucked him fast, spending himself completely and then falling still and sweaty.
She startled and cowered, eying him in fear.
"Good." Mycroft said. "I hope that's true."
“Mm-hm.” Sherlock slid out and shivered and John stumbled to his feet.
John felt something tight inside loosen up. It ached to hear about the kind prince he'd never see again but he was glad to hear of Sherlock's safe journey. The Iron Sea was dangerous to cross in even good weather, as the water was rarely calm and icebergs weren't uncommon. He glanced up at Mycroft and looked away when the King gave him a small smile.
Sherlock gulped. “Obviously.” He said.
"Yes, me too!” He arms went up in disbelief. “Sherlock, are you insane?"
Greg kicked off his shoes and hung his coat on a hook by the door. "Take my bed. I insist," he added before Sherlock could protest. "You had a gun pointed in your face, fell down a concrete staircase, and are bruised to hell. C'mon, with me. I'm not going to argue with you." He went down to the hallway to his small bedroom. Sherlock followed behind on tired feet. He hadn't even bothered to remove his suit jacket or shoes. The officer flipped a wall switch, making a little white lamp at the bedside cast a pool of beige light across the double bed. He hastily drew the cocoa colored duvet up over sheets that had last been washed at I-can't-remember-when o'clock. A few mismatched socks and some pants littered the floor and he kicked several aside. Lestrade opened a drawer and found a clean Tshirt. He tossed it on the bed. He picked a black and red plaid blanket off the floor and shook it out, then laid it across the foot of the bed.
“What’s that?” He pointed at the cooler.
“No. You?”
“John, I want to go home.” He announced, watching the man set the bag down and slip his jacket off.
“I finished your leftovers.” He said, gesturing the to empty plates on the platter. “I also, er, had a bath.” He bit his lip. “Called the servants. They thought it was for you.”
"I could….try?" It came out kind of wonky, both a statement and a question.
He rubbed his hands together and started smoothing them over his chest and shoulders. The light, sweet scent of rose petals and a deeper, spicier musk filled the warm air. John inhaled. It smelled wonderful.
"Well." Mycroft passed Sherlock the pages—each written by a twin—and he skimmed it.
When Sherlock woke up, the first thing that he was aware of was that he was warm and laying on something soft.
"Oh God yes." Sherlock grinned.
“Does he get out of control? Does he hurt you? Throw things? Break things?”
So John called in a take-away order and then directed the cab to the Chinese place up the road from B. He was soon going up the familiar steps with a warm delicious-smelling paper bag in his arms. He’d debated about packing up a few of his toys to bring by, but then figured he’d just wing it. They could talk through some ideas and see where the evening took them.
“You are nothing!” Jim snarled. “You’re just a whore. A useless whore who will spend the rest of his days rotting in the herana. There will be no peace for you, John.” He twisted John’s arm and he groaned as the bones ground together. His damaged muscles screamed in protest. Jim shoved him away and John skittered off. His eyes were wet and his shoulder was on fire. His whole left arm was heavy, trembling and tingling.
"You were young when you had your accident." Sherlock said. John startled, nearly dropping the pair of brown boots he now held.
John thought to himself sarcastically,
Sherlock snorted. "The bloody hearts and feelings treaty, you mean." His voice was scathing. The Treaty of Comity and Accord had been signed by Sherlock and Mycroft's grandfather and Jim's grandmother. Basically it said that the two nations would be strong allies and provide for each other in times of need. Jim had a lot of need. He’d managed to alienate nearly every potentially friendly ally known to him. Only Britannia had been daft enough to sign a treaty saying they’d stick by Hibern and thus Jim no matter what.
"I'm proud of you for solving it. For solving both cases in one go, genius."
Sherlock took it off the bar and shrugged it on his shoulders. He tugged the servant's bell to summon someone to tidy the room and strode past John back to the bedroom. "With me." His warm hand brushed John's hip as he passed to the other room. Frisson sparked up John’s body, emanating from that brief touch. He took a deep, slow breath and followed.
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock, I don’t even know the words I need to express how much I feel like a giant bastard right now.”
“I don’t know. Until it’s all in there and organized.”
“But clearly not.” He added hastily.
He showed it to John. The doctor winced at the ‘is it safe.’
Sherlock peered around. Seb’s text was still fresh in his mind and he kicked it under a rug in his palace. He was not going to think about that. Not now. He hadn’t responded, so Seb would probably stop texting him.
“Nope. No one but me touches that box.” His grip tightened on the back of his neck. “I always know when it’s been touched.”
“I, yes.” John stood up. “I, okay…” he walked out of the room and closed the door behind. Sherlock instantly missed him. John was comfort. John made him not feel bad.
The vertigo slowed, his stomach quieted, and he glanced up again. Everything stayed where it was supposed to. It's not that high and I've done it hundreds of times, he reasoned logically. Before he could think anymore about it he started climbing the trellis like a ladder, nimbly skimming up over the thick emerald vegetation, his feet automatically finding the same spots he'd discovered years ago. At the top of the trellis was a window that he'd unlocked earlier tonight and pushed ever so slightly open. Now he pulled the panel of clear mullioned glass all the way open and shimmied inside. This was the tricky part. There was no way to tell from the ground who was walking past the window. He'd once given a maid the fright of her life, crawling up through the leaves and landing on the carpeted corridor floor inside.
“How is that news, John?” Sherlock put his hands on his hips, aggravated. This was most definitely not what he’d been expecting.
Sherlock made a sound between a whimper and a moan, and the last vestiges of rational thought eased from him like poison from a wound.
John blinked.
It was like a cold bucket of water had been tossed on me, and I let go. I would have stumbled back, had his hands not clamped down on my sides. I could not look into his eyes. I felt my own face go hot. I realized he was trying to get me to meet his gaze.
Sherlock remained glued in the same spot, staring at John’s face. John loved him, as in romantically, but something bad had happened between his best friend and a man named Shaun, a soldier, an Irishman. No, Sherlock thought to himself, not just a man: a case!
He had been Feeling far too much lately.
the newly minted Mind Palace John said, voice brooking no argument. His eyes were full of promise and threat. Thin line, that.
I froze at this, marveled at the hitches in his breaths. His lips were at the shell of my ear: “I can’t,” Sherlock said in a low, tight voice.
John’s stomach felt like a brick, and his throat burned from the vomit.
After the American’s perfunctory explanation, John now found it easy as pie to look unabashedly at Curt Wild. He found a wariness bloom within his gut, casting warning tendrils up his spine. What did this man want from his best friend now, after all these years?
“I was flailing?” he murmured, brows furrowed.
John gasped, chest expanding in one great breath. “Honestly, no,” he pushed the words out with all of that air, making a humorous sigh of his admission. The smile that followed was wobbly.
It was then that I noticed it. I unthinkingly dropped the bell in absolute surprise, and it jangled merrily across the floor. I approached the middle of the room and stared at what now hung on the wall over the couch.
He would talk to her about buying a new violin, maybe. No, he wouldn’t. That would bring up Sherlock, and this was most definitely not the time to be talking of his former flatmate.
The ETA text. The Eating. The Cleaning!
“You’re bluffing,” Sherlock accused, eyes narrowing.
I hesitated. I opened my mouth to say something, but closed it and nodded. I turned to rescue the tea bags from the water. I took a deep breath. I had said it. I had told him. I felt a knot loosen in my stomach, and felt somewhat giddy from my awkward-as-hell confession. I shrugged to myself. I had done the scariest part of what I had come to do.
John closed his eyes under that gaze, letting out a soft sigh. He began registering the feel of Sherlock’s hand grasping his own. He peeked between lashes, eyelids heavy, gaze falling to their intertwined fingers. He stared.
“Oh, uh, hello,” he said to John in that flat, American accent, as surprised by his timing as John was, “Is Sherlock here?”
The dressing gown settled around his form like a silk curtain.
Mycroft’s voice came in clear but tinny, as if he were in a bathroom. That was a visual John did not need.
“Sh…. Shaun?” John whimpered, and then the tears flowed freely, sobs wracked his body, “No. No!” he cried weakly as if broken.
John stood, palming the tuning peg. He pivoted to face her, schooling his face into a pleasant blankness.
Sherlock hadn’t been expecting that question.
John watched as Sherlock seemed to battle internally with himself.
They broke apart abruptly, as if niether were ready for the desparate passion that had only just begun to stir beind the chaste kiss. They did not meet eachother’s eyes. Their heads were bent together as if in some secret conversation.
“The kitchen table, John.”
John lifted from his seated position to his knees. He waved the note at Sherlock, “What is this?!”
“Stop laughing! Oh, the nudity… the fluids! Please, John.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why?” he had demanded in a growl, fists clenched, muscles tense across his compact form, as if he were a spring ready to fly.
“Someone! Come here, help him!” Sherlock shouted, restraining John as best he could. The doctor, his best friend, his stubborn self-appointed protector was savagely strong for such a compact man. Particularly in the throes of a nightmare.
Sherlock looked back into the fire. His smile had faded, now replaced by a grim line of doubt. The deerstalker was reduced to ash. He buttoned his jacket, squared his jaw and set off to let the crew and the crate into the flat.
Sherlock watched him, face impassive but for the dilated pupils.
John snorted, and then glanced behind him to see that Curt was still in the bedroom, “Jack Fairy died. Then this journalist friend of his committed suicide. He must be lonely.”
One nurse prepared a sedative and administered it in one swift push through the needleless port on his IV. John’s eyes fluttered open, unseeing, swinging from one side of the room to the other before closing again. He pulled at the ankle and wrist restraints, and then strained less and less until he was boneless and panting.
“John, I don’t think he’s dead,” Anderson stated carefully but with enough surety that John hesitated.
John drank in the sight of his best friend.
Sherlock glanced from the morbid scene some meters away, down to his hand, enfolded in John’s reassuring grasp.
“Yes, well, you say you killed his murderer,” Sherlock began, but was interrupted.
Curt merely sought an answer within Sherlock’s crystalline gaze. He remained on his knees, stubbled cheek pressed to the dark pink shaft, glistening with spit. The tip of the jutting erection was nearly magenta from Curt’s enthusiastic ministrations.
Something had broken Sherlock’s reserve. Something unrelenting had whittled it down to this meager state, something that had nothing to do with Curt. And Curt knew it was John Watson. And he didn’t give a flying fuck. Sherlock needed him to comply with this? Curt was more than willing. Sherlock was exceptional in every way, even this. He had no reason to refuse, and every incentive to submit.
It was imperative that he solve the slippery problem of the Great Unnamable Thing. He had come to need his Conductor of Light. And what was more, he did not resent the Need. It was, after all, just that: a necessity. Sherlock had decided that fighting it was an absolute waste of energy. That energy was best used to ensure and foster his friendship with John. Obviously.
Of course, it wasn’t just the sexual energy that was driving him up the wall. He was well and truly concerned for Sherlock. He had turned Mycroft’s job offer down, and that had been the last he had contact with the man. Either Sherlock would make it home, or he wouldn’t. That had become John’s mantra. So, he had soldiered on.
However, it seemed now, there was some huge part of their companionship coming up short. Or was their relationship just made that much different because of Sherlock’s prolonged absence and his betrayal of John’s trust? Was John just not over it?
“I don’t know anything. Not anymore.”
And as for Curt’s impression of John, well, he was pretty sure John was eager for his departure. Jealous? Or just protective? Maybe both. Curt had a gut feeling that John was in the dark regarding the sexual nature of his past relationship with Sherlock. Curt figured that was probably for the best.
Sherlock tried to speak, failed, tried again, “No, it’s… fine. It’s… good.”
, John thought.
Sherlock’s skin was warm. John’s hand was cold from being outside. Sherlock wrapped his fingers around John’s. He watched as John slumped forward, bowing his head, hiding his face in his free hand. He was trembling, clinging to Sherlock’s grasp as if it were a lifeline.
“What?” John almost choked on his outrage, and a trickle of trepidation. His mind raced. How would he react if Sherlock were actually dead, he wondered. He would sock Anderson in the mouth, is what he would do. John already had been feeling bad about how he’d ended things last time with Anderson, but the weirdo had taken his coat!
The man’s voice interrupted his scowling, “Trouble on the home front? Name’s Jack, by the way. Jack Redfearn.”
“Jesus, I am sorry! Are you okay?!”
An exclamation from the doorway disrupted their conversation, “You have got to be kidding me!”
“Well, I was coming to check on John,” she replied, her tone quizzical.
Curt may have trembled under the weight of it.
John’s hackles raised, and Sherlock stiffened. They shared the same thought: John’s assassination of the cabbie. How could she know? What the hell was going on?
“Not the grant committee, then,” Dr. Lennon sighed, accepting the package, “Thanks, Deb.”
“But maybe you know what I mean?” Curt’s voice colored with a golden warmth.
And his heart squeezed like a bloody fist between two, paralyzed lungs. Fuck. Sherlock was mesmerizing.
“Are you really here?” John asked, voice distant to his own ears.
Lestrade appeared absolutely astonished by Sherlock’s statements, “Tommy Stone, the American popstar?”
laptop?”
John glowered at the wall now.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock answered grudgingly, disconcerted at being so unsure about such a major detail. Of course she’d know who he was, too. He searched her eyes, noting she was wearing colored contact lenses. They made her eyes look coffee brown with gold flecks.
Her smile sparkled suddenly, and she watched him with some curiosity, “Please, no need to apologize. It is good news, isn’t it? That it wasn’t real?”
John paused, filled his lungs with a great pull of air. His fists tightened and unfurled in his anxious need to move.
He stood abruptly, stomach sinking to his toes as he spoke in a rush, “I need you to know that I do, too. And... just... damnit, you better get your arse back here.”
He wasn’t sure of Curt’s intentions with Sherlock, but he knew that he most definitely did not want them to get reacquainted. John’s loyalty was a fierce and rare thing. Sherlock’s weakness for drugs was something that John guarded most doggedly.
“That it could have belonged to Oscar Wilde?”
He let me go.
John looked around him comically, as if searching for an invisible date. Upon seeing no one, he shrugged and shivered again, "Looks like."
“You, too.”
“Better,” he agreed.
John walked Curt to the door a little while after Sherlock left. There was nothing for it. They had finished their dinner in amiable small talk. Curt was one-hundred and eighty degrees out from Sherlock, John surmised, a wonder that the two had ever got on.
I glanced up at him, and he looked absolutely flabbergasted, flustered in such a way that it gave me an odd calming confidence. I shrugged with one shoulder, “Listen, I don’t expect you to do anything, but that’s partly why I came over. I needed you to know.”
Mycroft didn’t blush exactly, but Sherlock was shocked to deduce his brother was embarrassed by something. Of course, no lay person would have noticed the oh-so-subtle shift in his brother’s countenance, but Sherlock would.
This was none of that.
It was then, while beautifully enraptured, that he came to a realization.
Sherlock sighed, and acquiesced, making a big show of getting into the car. He immediately set Arthur Stuart’s file on his lap and pulled out his phone, choosing to ignore his brother.
“John, dear! It’s good to see you back here,” Ms. Hudson greeted me and approached. We both stared at the elephant because… how could we not?
Sherlock exhaled shakily through parted lips, trying and failing to right himself, to care about Reality again.
Sherlock managed to look annoyed, barely, “What precisely do you want to know?”
Mycroft groaned and covered his eyes with his forearm.
“Had assassins trained on you. If Sherlock hadn’t done a convincing job of it, well… Even you, with your limited faculties, may be able to infer such consequences.”
“It was no trouble, really,” Anderson interjected.
John had the other man pressed back against the sandbags of a machine gunner’s nest. Their hardened cocks still tucked into trousers, grinding against each other in a fiercely passionate embrace. John was controlling the other soldier’s torso with a possessive grip at his uniform top. He pulled Shaun down to claim his mouth.
“I do want this...” I said in a hushed voice, “Not even sure what this is.”
“How have you been, then? Having a good holiday?” I turned to her and found myself smiling softly at her. She was so resilient. You had to be, to live with Sherlock. Hell, to be in any consistent proximity to Sherlock took all kinds of resilience. Yes, Mrs. Hudson was a real trooper.
John startled at the abrupt reanimation of his friend. He turned pink at what he knew he had to say, “It was you. I was trying to replace you…”
Sherlock conceded after a protracted moment of consideration, “Perhaps I do.”
The sound, the crack of lightning, was deafening.
John made a noncommittal humming sound, afraid to form sentences.
It was half past noon before Curt Wild was once again inside 221B Baker Street, possibly for the last time.
And quite fetching, Sherlock surmised to himself, not suppressing the thought as he usually would. Instead he allowed it to roll around freely within his mind, as casual as you please. Interesting sensation. He continued conversation, surprised at his newfound equilibrium.
He was very much aware of the male presence to his immediate left, close. He once knew the man, and that man had known him in ways that left Sherlock feeling cagey and somewhat unsure. Off-balance, lost, weirdly yearning for some forgotten… thing. What was it? A ghost of something far away but familiar.
John wiped at his tears and approached Sherlock, “Okay. Okay. I’m sorry.”
Mycroft was already speaking before John could make heads or tails of it, “I would appreciate it if you continued to keep a weather eye on Sherlock. And I appreciate your keeping me informed.”
Sherlock frowned deeply as Curt spoke. He arrested Curt’s exit with a firm touch to his shoulder, and an almost desperate sort of gaze passed between them.
“You’re right,” John’s voice was cold fire.
Sherlock did not react to the offered violence. His laser-like gaze simply accepted the fire from John’s glare. Sherlock seemed to consider him a moment before speaking.
Sherlock’s deductions were spot on, as per usual. Brian Slade had been murdered. His body was found in the wine cellar of his mansion. He had tried to leave his deranged manager, and she had apparently snapped.
He downed the whiskey as if it were water, no longer feeling like sipping the expensive libation.
“I know he will,” Sherlock snapped, finally taking the small piece of luggage, “If you really want to do something for me, find out what you can about a man John served with. His first name was Shaun. Irish. They were in Afghanistan together.”
Vultures.
“Don’t be childish, Sherlock,” Mycroft had the tinted window in the down position.
John’s eyes went round in disbelief, head popping up off the pillow, staring at Sherlock as if he’d grown an extra nose. The next instant, he let his head fall back on the bed and stared at the ceiling, blinking rapidly. He clenched his jaw, eyebrows tucking upward. He knew he looked dumbstruck, and he was. What was Sherlock playing at?
Sherlock looked utterly self-possessed now. No more awkward arcs of fluttering restlessness about his person. Just calm and collected.
Sherlock seemed to hesitate, seemed to choose his words carefully, “That means more to me than you can know. I can’t talk long. I want you to continue as if nothing has changed. I will try to come back.”
The light accentuated the fine muscle definition in the man’s shoulders and arms. The eerie, highly controlled fluidity of a dancer’s self-possession was odd… and absolutely captivating to John’s untrained eye. When the dancer turned, and John saw the mask… He got a funny feeling in his gut, but couldn’t identify it.
Curt Wild lay dead with bullet wounds riddling his chest. One had gotten his throat. The blood was being washed away, across the sidewalk and into the sewer grate. The steel gray eyes were looking up into the sky, unblinking as raindrops fell upon them. An eerie sight.
I could not control the few, desperate sobs that had wracked through me. He had been solid in my arms, and I clung to him fiercely. My chest cavity had swelled to almost bursting, and I had choked on a strangled sound in my throat. I hid my face in the crook of his neck, clenching my teeth to keep any keening at bay. I had tried to take a deep breath in through my nose, and the smell of Sherlock filled my senses. I could not get enough air. I opened my mouth for another rattling breath.
“No!” he screamed, and he was crying. How long had he been crying? He thrashed. The report of assault rifles, the blaring song of .50 caliber machine guns, and the angry screams of soldiers surrounded him like a blanket. He had no weapon. He fought, though. Oh, how he fought to breathe, to survive. And Sherlock watched helplessly from the side of his hospital bed, pressing the nurse call button with ferocity.
Sherlock was surprised to see a black car sitting just outside the academic complex, waiting for him.
John paced, listening to the intense silence between them as if a terribly depressing poem were being recited.
“Hungry?” Sherlock asked, letting his hand drop from my shoulder.
“Not here,” John echoed, following his flatmate, still tense, “Good. Fine.”
John did not hide from Sherlock as he had initially wanted to do. Sherlock would have deduced the truth in short order. John’s bearing just would not be good enough to disguise the inner surge of curiosity and astonishment. He now waited in the common area of the flat, having heard the front door open and close. Too late to be anyone but Sherlock.
Gone, everything and everyone, except the dreams and the fragile grip I held on myself, my composure, my reality. I had caught myself glancing at my gun these past weeks, and still more frequently these past few days. Yesterday afternoon, I did not remember picking it up, just that I came to myself sitting there on the bed with it, staring at it. Staring at the gun like I stared at myself, and the swallowing emptiness nearly gave me vertigo.
His mind palace was rapidly clearing and he was attempting to right the wreckage. The damage was not permanent, of course, but tedious. Unkempt, though, the sexual Need stalked the halls and rooms wherever he went, predatory.
“Mmm,” is Sherlock’s reply, mimicking John from earlier. They share two small smiles, and it is easy to look into each other’s eyes even as electric warmth runs up from their toes to the rest of their bodies.
Apparently, Lestrade hadn’t been into that particular music scene, and had no idea about any of it. He recognized the names, of course. Who wouldn’t?
“Cantonese,” Hoija answered.
He just watched, mesmerized. It made him uncomfortable, too, in some way. A bloke moving like that, with such weird grace… but he couldn’t look away.
He heard Anderson answer, “Good morning, Mrs. Hudson. How are you doing?”
“Oh, yes. Extremely expensive, and in good taste. No poor reflection on Lestrade, of course, but it was most definitely not…”
gonna be that guy. I'm gonna leave now.”
Jack’s grin did not dissipate in the slightest. He just looked very amused at John’s declaration, “Well, go on!”
The fact that Sherlock was acting as if he felt it, too, made it somehow very specifically Worse.
Curt couldn’t help the small, sad smile that played at his mouth.
John reached out to it. Sherlock reached, too, tentative.
The Look nailed his feet to the concrete.
“Oh, what are you going to do? A different clinic, I suspect?”
He watched John’s hands slowly unclench, watched the tension harden those square shoulders. He watched as John turned, his eyes honed into the fading flames inside the hearth. Most definitely not looking at Sherlock.
After a brief while of frustrated fidgeting, Sherlock texted John again.
He could be Ice Man in the real world, but here, under Greg’s attentions and in Greg’s arms, Mycroft could finally just… be human.
He jerked sharply as he felt fingers caress his face.
Clothes and hair drenched from the downpour, John had hailed a cab in good time, but there was no fully escaping this rain. On the cab ride over, John vacillated between the concept of Sherlock as a free entity, and Sherlock as a vulnerable addict.
Sherlock turned back to John, “And I thought you wanted me to be nicer to people.”
“Precautionary, I assure you.”
asked a voice in a language Hoija hadn’t heard in two-hundred years, maybe more. Her memories blurred beyond that time.
He uttered quite clearly, insistently, “What do you need? What can I do?”
He leveled his quicksilver eyes back onto Curt who was watching him as if the detective might murder him, fuck him on the spot, or both.
*********************************
He wasn’t sure what he expected out of this visit. He wasn’t sure it was “healthy” to have entertained his impulse to come here.
“Fuck your pity,” John growled, looking straight at Sherlock with fire in his eyes. He pulled his hand away.
Sherlock decided he would not blush at this. That was what John wanted after all. He sometimes regretted telling the doctor about the personification of the Need, but they had been doing the Sharing Thing a lot lately, and it had just come out.
John Watson was silent. He
"Anderson?" John could hear the slur in his own voice as he staggered against the brick face of a gift shop on Baker Street. He would've taken a cab from the pub but had lost his wallet somewhere. He couldn't seem to keep track of things since... since the Fall.
Curt heard a door close. He blinked, sighed, and shoved his hands in his pockets to wait. He fucking hated tea.
Curt shifted under the doctor’s calculating gaze. He cleared his throat, expression utterly serious and open. He leaned back, hands rubbed on his jean-clad knees, “I’m sober, clean… uh, sixteen months now. I don’t even drink. I’m not lookin’ to revisit all that or anything. Just... Sherlock texted me out of the blue, said he had something for me.”
John closed his eyes against another wave of nausea, “They dismissed me.”
“Oh, just fine. Just fine! I helped Sherlock decorate, not the elephant obviously, but everything else. So sad to see it in such a state, but I imagine you boys’ll fix it right up! Now, I have got to drop off this present for you and Sherlock.” She handed the purple bag to me, and kept the other in her hand, “I am going to visit next door. Ms. Turner’s tenants brought home their new baby just yesterday! Can you believe it!? They named her Rebekah, you know. The best Christmas gift if you ask me! Well, tah, dear. I hope to see you later. Merry Christmas, love!”
Sherlock pulled up his chair, close to the bed, and deposited himself there. He reached out to take hold of John’s hand, and the other man squeezed back, unrelentingly so. There was a noise at the door, but Sherlock did not look up.
He didn’t want Curt and Sherlock to get back together.
! And it would be their Life. Finally.
Jack shook his head and was laughing as the retired army doctor disappeared from the pub in a flash of energy. Oh, to be that young again, life full of possibilities. He silently wished the man luck, and drank to his courage.
Curt leaned his mouth to Sherlock’s ear, nose buried in his dark, wavy hair, eyes trained on John’s face. Sherlock closed his eyes as Curt’s familiar velvet timbre filled the decimated chambers of his mind, “If you could see his face… He fuckin’ loves you.”
John swallowed, mouth dry, closing his eyes, “Sorry you had to see that.”
Dr. Lennon just openly laughed at that, giddy with her findings, “It could have belonged to King Tut!”
Sherlock had listened to it all. Curt wasn’t one to talk needlessly, or add extraneous details. A highlight of his character, in Sherlock’s opinion. Finally, he asked, “Did you give him anything when you met at the bar?”
John was looking for Sherlock. He circumvented the crowd, spotted Donovan who waved him over. She didn’t say anything as she lifted the tape for him. He followed her pointed gaze to the sidewalk in front of the hotel. Guests and employees stared out from inside, through the rotating glass doors and the glass-walled lobby.
John saw it now.
Something passed over Sherlock’s features, as if he remembered something. John somehow knew what Sherlock was thinking, just with that one expression. Mycroft had told him about John’s hallucinations.
Curt turned from his examination of the assorted scientific paraphernalia scattered about the flat. He had no interest in science, but the objects looked like modern art to him. Art was cool.
Sherlock’s full lips felt hot.
“With… Curt… I deduced what he wanted from me, and I became it.”
Sherlock apparently had a Thing for John in uniform. Damn.
“John, I can deduce a few things on my own. I came in on a morning train. And I thought you had to be at the clinic…”
It looked to be a slow day. Between a case of the flu and a case of chafing mistaken for herpes, John texted Mycroft.
He exhaled, and the breath shook as if it had been wrung unwillingly from him.
Sherlock shook his head once, almost imperceptibly. He squeezed his eyes shut tighter as he tucked his chin down, hiding his face in the fringe of his hair. He was transported into his mind palace, but he hardly recognized the corridor in which he found himself.
“Fuck,” came a woman’s shout through the sounds of the storm and the city.
“Four Roses, please,” John ordered the bourbon when it was apparent the bartender wasn’t going to immediately acknowledge him.
Lestrade met John halfway, the collapsed umbrella held at his side.
Perhaps I had.
He sat down hard in his chair, one hand hanging onto the broom like a scepter, its end planted in the carpet. He felt the tear tracks on his face go cold, the small cuts in his hand go hot, and felt his stomach turn.
John sat in the cab with the box beside him. He read the screen on his phone. Anthea had sent him an attachment regarding the position as a field surgeon. He texted her back, requesting Mycroft’s location. She replied within the minute, and John repeated the address to the cabbie.
He nodded in a vague sort of way, and replied, “I guess it is…” -- but the possible implications were so enormous that John felt anger and fear germinate at once in his stomach.
An elephant head hung on the wall, adorned with a popcorn and cranberry garland. It was enormous. And it was as intrusive as I imagined an elephant’s head could be in a small flat in the middle of London.
John raised his brows, upturned his hand in a silent request.
“You think so?” Sherlock asked with guarded tension. He let the strap of the bag slide from his shoulder, settling the burden on the floor beside him. He watched John closely, stepping further into the room.
"Um, well, John... how about I let you in, then?" Anderson offered soothingly, glancing nervously up to the lit window where the lace curtains began to move, "Come on, with me now before you end up in the back of a police car..."
John tried to turn his attention back to the paper in his hand, but an insignificant memory floated to the forefront of his mind. He lowered the paper.
John kept his voice low, whispered and urgent as he leaned in, “He could have sent that pendant to you himself.”
“I let Anderson see,” John’s voice was tremulous and laden with disappointment.
Sherlock stared at the array of instruments on the table, fingers splayed against the edge of the burnished wood. The pine was scarred and burned from years of experiments.
Goosebumps raised simultaneously across his naked body, leaving him gasping. He had only once before felt so utterly exposed, so vulnerable, so lost. It had been Shaun, the devilish Irishman who had turned John upside down and inside out.
Sherlock huffed defensively, and almost answered to the negative, despite the truth.
There was no danger there. Sherlock wouldn’t go back to that life, anyway. Curt had Hoija. And Sherlock had John. There was nothing to worry about. He shook his head at himself, ascending the stairs to their flat and readying himself for bed.
Sherlock and John were of the latter, with John’s body half on top of Sherlock, shielding him.
“No,” sighed Mycroft, as if repeating himself was physically painful.
He was studying my face. I could feel him watching me as he responded, “Ah, yes. Well... [a breath] There’s that.”
John didn’t know what to say, so he said nothing. His stomach did a flip-flop when Sherlock’s thumb slid across the top of John’s hand. John’s heart, too, involved itself, skipping once or twice.
“Uh, yeah,” the forty year old rock star was unaccompanied but for a cab that idled behind him at the kerb.
Sherlock stared back for a painfully long time. He shifted from one foot to the other, cleared his throat.
Jack’s eyes rounded theatrically, and he half-turned to John who swiveled to stand from his bar stool.
Something huge clanged within John’s mind, like an iron puzzle piece falling from a height, to fit perfectly into its place. He almost choked as the epiphany took him completely by surprise. It was almost like being back outside the Virginia Hotel, subjected to a lightning blast.
John knew, then, that Sherlock was
In a flash, John knew. He didn’t have to be anything but himself, either.
Sherlock kept his phone in his gloved hand, resting it on the sofa cushion beside him. He stared pensively out of the darkly tinted window of the waiting room. Second floor, privately owned office. Corner office. Modest. Discreet.
