Tony climbs up beside him, laying on his back on the bed. His hair is damp with sweat, his skin glowing, and Steve leans over him, kissing him, pulling Tony’s tongue into his mouth in an echo of their lovemaking.
“I like it, too,” Steve says, still a little breathless.
“Do you need to come, honey?”
“I love you,” Steve says back, bringing his arm up to press his palm against Tony’s chest. “You’re perfect, I love you.”
Steve’s brain grinds to a screeching halt. Oh, hell, Tony’s going to let him – he’s going to get to – oh
, Tony can’t help it. He lets out a low, deep moan as his balls draw up tight, and there’s a rushing in his ears as his whole body tenses, as he drives hard up into Steve’s hole over and over. He’s hyper aware of the tight, hot slickness, the hard silicone cock alongside him, and he fucks up into Steve, everything else fading away as he comes hard, hot and slick and wet in Steve’s stretched hole.
Tony starts coming out of the workshop a little more. Clint joins Steve and Romanoff on a couple missions. Tony spills his guts to Bruce about the whole thing with the Mandarin and Killian, and how he’d been so worried about Pepper, and how he’d figured out a lot about himself, and his decision to remove the reactor.
The sex is good. Tony has no complaints about the sex. The sex is… Jesus, Steve is magnificent, and Tony could gobble him up, but most nights Tony’s the one who ends up with his ass well-fucked, and he just hasn’t had a chance to properly treat Steve’s ass like he wants to.
“Rest, sweetheart,” Steve whispers, and Tony is in no shape to argue so he does, lets himself float at the bottom of his subspace, his mind quiet and empty and perfect.
But. It might be nice, sometimes, to just hold Tony on the couch in the evening without it turning to sex. To just have that intimacy.
“Wow, I’m such a – seriously, Steve, sorry. That wasn’t appropriate.”
Tony’s never been able to find a partner that’s right for him. Other subs have it easier – they want to be tied down and beaten and told what to do, they want to give up control and slide down into subspace, be teased and hurt and used.
who are more well-versed in the sex work aspect of thing would know exactly what to do next, but Steve’s not one of them. He has no
But Tony had been dating Pepper, and they’d been working together, and Steve still wasn’t 100% comfortable with navigating relationships – let alone queer ones – in modern times, so he’d let the moment go. Pushed down any feelings, and told himself that Tony was his teammate and friend, and that was it, and that was all he could ever be.
There’s the night Tony ends up with a hand cramp from fingering Steve, two fingers deep inside him and playing his prostate like a violin, and Steve’s only come 3 times before Tony has to switch hands. He’s ambidextrous, though, so they make it work. By the end of the night, Tony is fucking Steve’s throat while he sucks Steve down in a 69 position (Tony’s definitely too old for 69s but the feeling of Steve’s mouth around his erection is divine, and he’s not ready to stop making Steve make those little moans of pleasure and desperation so what
“Your intake forms say you have a difficult time going into subspace,” Steve says, somehow keeping his voice soothing and level as he works, digging fingers into the knots in Tony’s back, sliding along his skin and leaving heat in their wake.
Steve lets out a sharp, heavy breath. Tony licks again – Steve tastes of clean sweat, earth and warmth. His ass bunches and clenches in Tony’s hands, but his hole stays relaxed so Tony can lick into it, letting his tongue spear inside. He loves doing this for Steve; Steve’s ass truly is magnificent so it’s not exactly a stretch to worship it, and Steve’s choked-off moans and whimpering sighs make Tony hard as hell. Steve’s hands are clenching and gripping the sheets under him, and he keeps shifting his hips back to get closer to Tony’s mouth. Tony licks and sucks and kisses Steve’s rim, feeling the muscle soften and slicken under his mouth. Eventually, Steve is whining with every breath out, and Tony knows he’s close. Steve is so sensitive that just having his ass eaten is enough to get him to the edge, and that sensitivity is one of Tony’s favourite things about sex with Steve. One of many, to be honest.
He opens it, and Tony’s eyes widen slightly, his awareness raising a little, as he stares. Inside the bag had been a black dildo – nothing special looking, except for the tube protruding from the flat end of it, attached to a rubber bulb.
“Needing to connect to someone is not the same as what we’ve been doing, Tony.”
Coulson checks the message, but he doesn't show it to Steve. He doesn't show it to anyone. He just types back a quick response, still listening studiously to Councilman Yen's impassioned but ultimately boring speech. His phone buzzes again, and Coulson reads the message. One corner of his mouth twitches almost imperceptibly, which, for Coulson, is as good as a belly-laugh. He types again, then turns his phone face down on the table.
Tony’s brain runs a mile a minute, coming up with excuses. He has a million things to do in the workshop, there are repairs to make on the armour, there’s paperwork to sign.
“You don’t have to do that,” Tony says, feeling heat rise to his own cheeks.
“That’s good, sweetheart,” Steve says, and Tony can hear the smile in his voice. “Would you like a bath?”
But if Steve goes slow... If Tony can allow himself to trust this Dom, if Steve goes slow and lets Tony’s body adjust, it will be on just the right side of painful. The intensity, the stretch, the fullness will have Tony sinking deep into subspace. It doesn’t have to hurt. Steve doesn’t want to hurt him.
been the first time he’d considered doing something about it.
his hole already stretched around the toy, and then Tony starts to push. Steve’s hole is clenching, even though Tony can see he’s trying to relax, trying to breathe deeply and carefully, trying to let Tony in. Steve is hissing, “Yes, Tony, yes,” between his teeth, fingers clawing into the bedding. It takes an effort, and watching Steve
Tony swallows thickly. “Tomorrow,” he agrees.
Tony knows his face is recognizable. After all, his company holds the sole government contract for nano-augments, is the leading designer of cybernetic augmentations, and is the main provider of clean energy in a world where nuclear energy has too many ghosts to be used anywhere but the poorest towns.
Tony sighs. “I know it’s hard for you, that Carter is so close, that you could just go – go see her, and she would, well, she’d obviously. Of course. She lost you, too, I know. So it’s hard, I told you we couldn’t change anything but you
“Right, but that’s… that’s pretty dirty, right? Like… that
“Look at you, honey,” Tony murmurs, thrusting slowly between Steve’s lips. Steve feels like he’s floating, like everything is soft and warm and light. Everything is
answer the fucking phone
Tony blinks, even as Bruce cries out, and he can see Thor’s forearm bunching with muscle.
“Dinner,” Tony repeats. “With – yeah, no, that’s definitely not – a problem, I’d –”
“Nat has my black card,” Tony tells him, stepping out into the street to flag down a cab. One stops immediately, because he’s Tony Stark and no cabbie in New York wouldn’t recognize him at a glance. “She’ll get the tab.”
. Just… we’re
“You’re a
And then, after the battle when they’re trying to transport the Tesseract and his arc reactor shorts and his heart stops, Thor uses his magic lightning hammer like a defibrillator and Loki disappears with the Tesseract, and the first thought Tony has when he’s able to breathe air back into his lungs is not of Pepper but of Steve Rogers’ glowing smile against the skyline of a bruised-but-not-broken New York, Tony knows he’s in trouble.
It feels strange, feels weird and wrong and different, but his whole body is loose and relaxed because of the ropes, because he doesn’t have any
He closes his eyes for a moment and drags his mind back out of the gutter, internally reprimanding himself. There’s nothing
"No. Sorry. It's nothing," Steve says, and his voice cracks a little with the lie. He reaches out, puts his hand back over the phone protectively, then slowly slides it off the table and into his lap. Everyone in the room – and the holograms – stare at him for a moment, before going back to what they were saying.
“Yeah,” Steve says after a moment of self-scolding. “I am. Thanks, Tony.” He says this last with a grin, popping open the cardboard takeout container and taking the taco out. It smells delicious, like spices and beef and salsa and lime. He picks it up and takes a bite, trying not to blush as the shell cracks and a little bit of the beef slips down his bottom lip.
“Yes,” he says. “Bed is good.”
, he thinks fuzzily.
Tony cocks his head. “You really don’t know who I am?”
But Steve doesn’t have any visible enhancements. So his situation is most likely criminal in nature. He’d heard of that – men and women getting in trouble with law enforcement, or with powerful corporations, and the only way to pay their debt to society was to work in the facilities.
“I’m trying,” Tony says, shaking his head and slurping his spoon. Steve is trying to keep his eyes off Tony’s mouth but it’s not going all that well.
+++++
,” Stark moans, then sits up, waving in the general direction of the end table beside the sofa. “In the drawer, jesus, I need you in me.”
Finally, Steve slows, letting his body rest a moment draped over Tony’s before he pulls out and back, fingers pinching the base of the condom around his softening cock.
Once they’ve swallowed the sweet delicacy, Tony leans back and stretches his arms up, feeling the burn of muscles that had tensed and then intensely relaxed during their scene.
Tony takes a deep breath, steeling himself, then walks past the threshold. The door closes behind him, and then Tony is alone.
Steve blinks, catching on right away. His cock hardens in his slacks, and he doesn't miss the way Tony's hardens under the lace of his panties.
But Mr. Stark’s moans are growing fevered, and every time Steve gets close to his lower back, or the top of his hamstrings, Mr. Stark’s legs move just a little further apart. He’s naked under the towel, Steve knows. Not all of his clients get entirely naked for their massages. He always makes sure to tell them to disrobe as much as ‘feels comfortable’, and most of them choose to keep their underwear on. But Mr. Stark’s naked under the towel.
“What do you mean?” Tony calls after him, but Clint doesn’t answer.
Finally, finally, his vision goes bright, his arms and legs tense and his hips grind down and his prostate feels like it’s sending electricity through his whole body. His cock jerks in Tony’s hand, and he comes, shooting hotly over Tony’s chest and belly.
“That’s good too, sweetheart,” Tony says, before he squats down into a crouching position in front of Steve so he can meet his eyes. Steve’s eyes are deep blue, his pupils dilated. If Tony peeks under the torso bench to the other end, he can see Steve’s cock hanging there half-hard.
Steve groans, but it chokes off into a low laugh as Jarvis does as requested. The slideshow of filthy sexual poses, of Tony in panties, appears on the ceiling again. Each picture is only up for a few seconds, but it's enough to rekindle Steve's arousal.
Then Tony's voice is coming out of the room's speakers again. Husky and breathy and rough; "
free,” Tony says, reaching for the drawer beside the bed. He digs for a moment, then comes up with a new apparatus. It’s all black, and the first thing Steve thinks when he sees it is the
“Please, Tony, please, fuck me, please,” Steve wails, and Tony may be the one dominating him, but he’s helpless against Steve’s desire, his desperation, and all he can do is give Steve what he wants.
“Bruce, there, is a sub,” Coulson says mildly from beside Tony. He keeps his voice quiet, almost an undertone, so as not to disturb the interested spectators. “The other one is Thor. He’s mostly a switch.”
Once, years and years ago, there’d been a moment. They’d been in the Quinjet, and Tony had been piloting but everyone else had been napping in the back. Steve hadn’t been able to sleep, too keyed up from the fight, so he’d sat up front with Tony and they’d talked. He doesn’t remember what they’d talked about. But there’d been a moment, barely an instant, where they’d looked at each other, and Tony had smiled, and Steve had thought to himself, sudden and unbidden,
He can feel his face heat up, feel the blush staining his cheeks like a beacon.
Steve lets out a creaky little moan around the belt between his teeth. “Miles and miles of beautiful, golden skin,” Tony sighs, moving the flogger to Steve’s thigh, grinning a little as Steve’s leg twitches, pulling just a little bit at the straps holding him in place.
Steve’s heart beats hard in his chest. The mischievous grin on Tony’s face makes him want to kiss it from the man’s face, to crush his lips over Tony’s and kiss him until they’re both out of breath.
Tony shifts, turning his body and swinging his leg over Steve’s lap, and he kicks the popcorn bowl and popcorn goes everywhere, but Steve doesn’t care because Tony Stark is straddling his lap, fingers digging into Steve’s face, body warm and heavy and solid on Steve’s thighs. Steve has to tilt his head up now, and Tony is guiding the kiss, driving it deeper and harder and wilder. Steve slides his hands down to wrap around Tony’s waist, and his hands feel big and clumsy and ridiculous around Tony’s middle, but Tony shifts and rolls his hips a little, wriggling, and Steve just wants to touch and touch and touch.
Tony moans, but he opens his mouth obediently, too far gone to feel any embarrassment at the way his lips are wet; his mouth waters and a line of drool drips from the side of his mouth.
Tony grins, and it’s cocky and sure and beautiful. “Well, then, I’m just gonna let you know, I’m probably going to ask you to dinner, and then I’m going to see if I can’t convince you to do it again.”
“I like the traffic light system,” Tony says with a shrug. “It’s antiquated, but it gets the point across.”
Tony takes a few more deep breaths, collecting himself and thinking of baseball stats, and then he carefully, slowly pulls back partway. He looks down, watching Steve’s hole drag along his cock, watching the skin stretch over the dildo. Then he pushes in at the hip, thrusting back inside and watching his cock push in alongside the toy.
The first thing he’d seen when he’d woken up had been Rogers’ smile, but he doesn’t tell Pepper that. He also doesn’t tell her that his first thought the next time he’d had a medical emergency had been of that smile.
Tony’s cock is hard and straining, so close to Steve’s hole, and Tony stops resisting; he pulls the dildo out, then presses his own cock forward into the blazing heat. Steve moans at the difference, at hot, hard flesh inside him instead of the toy, but Tony only fucks into him a couple of times before he grits his teeth and pulls out, shoving the dildo in and using it to fuck Steve again. He only lasts a few thrusts, though, before he needs to feel the tight heat of Steve’s body again, and pulls the toy out and replaces it with his cock for another few moments.
Steve’s smile turns a little more confident, a little more amused.
In his darker, bitter moments, Tony knows he’s the face of progress in a world where most are left behind, left to fend for themselves or turn to crime or substances or
When Steve has him on his back, he presses Tony’s hands back up and secures his wrists to the table’s attachments again, then pulls out a leather strap.
He still wants, is still desperate with need, but at the same time… he doesn’t mind, now.
“I’m not a sex worker,” Steve blurts out, and Tony’s eyes snap wide. “I’m not a – I’m just a regular massage therapist, I’m not
Tony’s cheeks flush a little, and they go back to eating.
“Flour,” he says, after a moment. But Tony knows it’s an excuse, knows what he sees in Steve’s eyes, because it’s the same feeling he’s had for months, looking at Steve. A feeling of want, of hope, of
Tony reaches back and grabs a towel, wrapping it around his waist before stepping closer to Steve. “Seriously, that part was great,” he says. “I’m not going to, like, report you or anything. I
He glances up, and the blonde is standing up and coming around the desk, hand held out to shake. “I’m Sharon,” she tells him, even as a door behind her opens and an unimposing man in a grey suit comes out. His hairline is receding, just a little, and he has a small smile on his face. He looks like the kind of man who knows everything. Sharon speaks again and catches Tony’s attention. “This is Coulson. Your appointment has been set based on your answers to the questionnaires, but if you have any questions about what to expect, you can ask him on the way up.”
But he doesn’t need to tap out. It’s torture, it’s brutal, it’s just on the narrow line of not enough and too much, but it’s also
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Stark whimpers, bracing his legs and pushing back. “Fuck, yes, fuck me.”
Tony reaches down and wraps his hand around Steve's cock, palm hot and calloused. He brushes his thumb through the drop of fluid there, then brings it up to Steve's lips. Steve can't lick it off, he still has the panties in his mouth, but Tony just swipes his thumb over Steve's full, stretched bottom lip, coating it with his own pre-come.
“Yeah,” Tony says, a little shell shocked. “Yeah, I suppose it is.”
“This is Cage,” Coulson says, gesturing to the huge, imposing black man standing against the wall at the entrance. His arms are crossed over his chest, and his T-shirt is a glaringly bright yellow. “He’s security today. If you do anything to make any of our staff feel uncomfortable or unsafe, he will remove you from the premises.”
“If, at any time this evening, you feel like you
Tony moves over to the toy chest, running his fingers over the various canes and floggers and whips, trying to decide what he’s going to use to mark Steve’s skin today.
“Wow. Okay.”
Steve smiles, and together they turn the jar over and sprinkle more nutmeg into the mixture.
+++++
His perfect, round bubble butt is right in front of Steve’s face, and he gives in to the urge to lift his head and bite at the fleshy globe, chest warming at the laughing yelp from above him.
Steve's cock jumps – partly because of the sound of Tony's voice on the recording, hot and turned on and dirty. But partly because he can hear it, in the background of the message. The slick slide of Tony slowly stroking his cock, just like he'd said he was.
“No, I don’t – this is good. With you, this has been good. I want… can we try again?”
“Good. And how are you feeling right now?”
“Oh, um, green,” Steve says, not sure it’s true.
to take it.
When Yen pauses to take a breath, Coulson clears his throat, ever so carefully. All eyes turn to him, and he gives them all a mild, deferential smile – one which Steve knows from experience is carefully crafted bullshit.
“Shh,” Steve murmurs, and then shifts, moves, presses himself down until he’s lying down on top of Tony, blanketing his entire back, letting his thighs drape over Tony’s hips and bracket him.
For Tony, subspace is quiet. After the initial head rush in his ears, everything around him goes soft and quiet. The lights aren’t any brighter than they were a moment ago, but when Tony blinks his eyes open, everything looks like it’s overexposed, bright and warm and contrasting. Like a lens filter covering everything.
Except, he’s not alone. He hadn’t noticed before, but there’s a man sitting in a chair against the wall on the far side of the room. He’s wearing black leather pants and a leather chest harness, and he stands when the door closes so Tony can see his full height.
Steve moans, his hips shifting a little as though to try and get some friction on his cock. But his cock is hanging off the back of the bench, and the best he can do with his little bit of movement is press the base against the leather – nowhere near enough sensation to give him what he wants.
But they’ve made up each time, and Steve’s got a drawer in Tony’s dresser, a toothbrush in his bathroom, and he spends most nights in the penthouse. They’ve managed to go on three chasing-our-tails missions with the Avengers to look for Loki or Loki’s scepter without fighting, without grappling for the top spot on the team. They’ve mostly gotten along, except for that one time Steve yelled at him after a mission for taking a stupid risk. But Tony had (very calmly) explained that he’s a genius, that JARVIS had done the math, that the risk was actually
on him. Steve’s hands are so big, soft because of the serum, warm and strong. There’s always a little bit of blackness on his thumb and fingers, from charcoal. Steve is
Steve pulls away after a moment, and as Tony’s hole is left empty, he whines a little, out of control.
And Steve does what he has wanted to do for months. He pulls Tony closer to him, wraps an arm around Tony’s back and cups the back of Tony’s head in his hand. He crushes his mouth over Tony’s, kissing him hard and fast and licking into his mouth with as much desire and passion as he can put into it.
“Yeah, but –”
“We’ll have to change our set-up, here, though – I want my hands free, but I still don’t want
Tony groans as Steve’s hand bumps over a knot. He’s having a hard time figuring out just exactly how Steve thinks he’s going to get Tony into subspace without pain, but if it weren’t possible, wouldn’t someone along the line have told him? He’s often thought of going down into subspace like descending a set of stairs, but most doms had shoved him and sent him tumbling down them, hard and fast and brutal. He thinks, even this early on, that Steve might be different.
“Don’t bite down,” Tony warns him. “That belt is expensive, I’ll be annoyed if you ruin it with teeth marks.” It’s a complete lie – Tony couldn’t give less of a fuck about the belt, but Steve will
“I mean it, Cap,” Tony says, reaching over to push Steve’s beer further away from them on the coffee table. “This is
Tony doesn’t ask any of them. He shakes his head, then fidgets nervously, waiting.
“Tony,” Steve murmurs. It’s a protest, a benediction, as Steve’s ears flush red in embarrassment.
Steve’s face relaxes, and he smiles a little, locking onto Tony’s beautiful brown eyes. “Yeah,” he says. “I’d like that.”
The man is staring up at her adoringly, moaning with each impact.
“Not arguing,” Steve gasps into his mouth, and Tony rolls off in one quick movement, and they’re both reaching for their own flies, working their pants off and down. Steve hooks his thumbs into his socks on the way down, half-sitting up and half putting his legs in the air to speed up the process, and sees Tony doing the same thing. It’s not a sexy pose for either of them, but it is efficient, so they’re both nude in no time.
It’s gorgeous, watching him seek his own pleasure so wildly, so relentlessly, and Tony has to reach out and touch him. He reaches up with the hand not holding the dildo in place, and cups one of Steve’s pecs, fingers pinching the nipple almost cruelly. Steve cries out, thrusting down harder.
+++++
Tony’s in the workshop again. He’s not slept in a couple days, but at least he’s taking care of himself otherwise. He’s showered and eaten and he’s even been drinking things that aren’t coffee or bourbon. They’re just back from another wild goose chase for Loki’s scepter. They still don’t have any leads on the whereabouts of Loki himself, but Thor’s been keeping an ear to the ground.
bigger, and he knows there are still nine more to go.
One night, Tony comes home from work and flops right onto the sofa. “It’s done,” he says. “Zola. I left a file in my filing cabinet, locked. Can’t tell them yet because I can’t explain how I know, but before we go I’ll tell my Dad. He invited me over for dinner again, but I can’t… I can’t go. My mom. Baby-me. Just… not a good idea.”
Steve blinks, staring at Tony. Is this some kind of joke? Is this – is Tony serious?
"You ready to apologize?" Tony asks him, tugging at the red lace in Steve's mouth. It comes out crumpled and damp, and Steve licks his lips. His mouth waters a little at the salty taste of himself on his bottom lip, which is good, because Tony doesn't give him a lot of time before he's shuffling forward again, getting up on his knees and guiding his cock down, pressing the head against Steve's lips.
“Mayonnaise,” Steve says, confirming Tony’s earlier olfactory suspicion.
“Okay, honey,” Tony smiles indulgently, eyes bright. He takes the jar from Steve and gestures with a nod of his head. “Over on your stomach, let me make you feel good.”
Which had left a warm, fuzzy feeling in Tony’s chest where the arc reactor used to be. Not that he’d admit that to anyone.
you be friends with?
“What are you talking about?”
And the sounds he’s making as Steve digs into his traps, into his glutes. It’s like liquid sex pooling in the centre of Steve’s body, begging him to partake.
“I shouldn’t have – I should have been more sensitive about how hard this is for you. I know it’s difficult, knowing she’s – I know you must be lonely. I shouldn’t have taken advantage of that.”
“You’re Tony,” the man says, stepping forward to hold out his hand. It takes Tony a moment to realize he’s meant to shake it. “I’m Steve.”
“Asking him
The gang’s all there when he gets there. Even Barton is in the tower. They want to know why he didn’t call. Tony… doesn’t have an answer. It turns into an argument, and Tony does what he always does, and he walks away. It’s his tower, he can do what he wants.
Tony shrugs one shoulder, running a hand through his slightly-sweaty hair.
“When I was comin’ up, Ma and I used to go help with the church Christmas dinner,” he says. “We didn’t have money for a turkey either, but there were people even worse off than us, so Ma always said we should volunteer for the dinner, make sure everyone got fed. And the church put on a big supper – three dozen turkeys, potatoes, gravy, the whole deal. The ladies at the church taught me how to cook, and they always put mayonnaise on the turkey. To help it brown, make the skin crispy and golden.”
Steve takes a sip of his beer, then a deep breath.
“I miss your beard,” he admits. “You don’t look like you without it.”
“Enough….?”
"What do you think, honey? Have you learned your lesson?"
the ceiling, he’s everywhere, and there’s absolutely no reason to look up when the Avengers are talking to him.
with fire and heat and desperation.
He’s come up so far, and he hadn’t made it all the way down so it’s like there’s a buzzing in the back of his mind, fulfillment snatched away at the last minute.
He maintains his professionalism, though. He’s a massage therapist. Some of his, um,
Tony takes a deep breath, already planning his escape to Japan for a month if this goes wrong, and leans forward and up, pressing his lips to Steve’s.
His favourite is the night Tony sucks Steve off while Steve opens him up, then Steve fucks him through orgasm after orgasm, until Tony is full of come and leaking. They hop in Tony’s ridiculous shower to clean off, and Tony goes down on Steve again under the hot spray, jerking himself off on his knees as Steve comes all over his face.
“I’m asking you out on a date, Tony,” he says, and Tony blinks up at him in shock, suddenly glad Steve has hold of the soldering iron so Tony doesn’t drop it from his mouth. Steve’s cheeks are lightly pinked, and even though it’s a little unsure, he’s smiling and his eyes are bright blue. “Dinner. With me.”
“Nine,” Tony gasps, straining to relax, and Steve moves slowly, squeezing the bulb gently, and his other hand is stroking Tony’s cock, warm and calloused and gentle, and Tony feels that thick, profanely wide toy press against his prostate, feels Steve’s hard cock twitch against the back of his leg, and thinks about how he must look; spread wide, open and clawing at the bedframe, legs spread wantonly, whole body flushed and glistening with effort and sweat, and he thinks about Steve, Steve with his beautiful blue eyes and his thick, impressive muscles and his sweet, gentle hands, and Tony comes, arching off the bed and wailing with it, his belly twitching and shuddering under each splatter of his own come as it hits him, covering his chest with it.
Steve kisses Tony’s temple, chest full of pride at Tony’s ingenuity.
He likes looking up from under his eyelashes, being able to see Tony staring down at him, looking lust-wrecked and pleasure-drunk. Tony’s lips are parted slightly, and his eyes are dark, pupils blown wide. He combs his fingers through Steve’s hair gently – not tugging or pulling at all, just petting, and it makes Steve give a creaky little moaning noise that makes Tony gasp.
Tony hotwires a car and they go to New York and find a back-alley forger. They negotiate a couple of fake IDs, and a few degrees and certificates for Dr. Howard Potts.
“Take your clothes off,” Steve says, voice suddenly full of steel, and Tony twitches before hurriedly complying. When he’s standing naked in front of Steve, hands awkwardly covering his crotch, Steve steps around to examine him. He walks around Tony in a slow circle, then gestures to a padded table on the other side of the room. It’s at about waist height, and fairly wide, but narrower than a single bed. “Go lie on that table. Face down.”
Tony grins down at him, nipping at Steve’s bottom lip. “You don’t need to spread your legs, honey. I’ve been wanting to get that great big cock of yours inside me since the moment I saw it.”
“You’re very good with your mouth,” Tony groans, hips hitching forward a little. Not enough to choke Steve, just a little thrust. Steve wonders how it would feel to have Tony push into his throat. He’s never been able to do that before, but he wants it, wants to try it, so he pushes forward, tilting his chin to try and change the angle, and when the head of Tony’s cock hits the back of his throat, he doesn’t gag. He swallows reflexively, and Tony moans, so Steve does it again, pushing forward as he does it.
There’s rock music, the rhythmic sound of slapping flesh, and moaning. Tony almost turns around and bolts down the stairs, but he doesn’t know what he’ll do if this doesn’t work, so he stays put. He
Steve produces the lube and the cloth bag he’d had earlier, though Tony doesn’t remember him bringing it over to the bed when they’d made their way from the table. Steve takes Tony’s leg, the one closest to him, and pushes it up, up, up and drapes Tony’s knee over his shoulder, leaving Tony completely exposed and open to the room’s warm air. Steve takes the bottle of lube, squirts a generous amount on his fingers and adds to the slickness of the lube on his hole from earlier, then slides two fingers into Tony, fast but not rough.
“Count,” Steve tells him.
“Want what?” Tony asks, but his tongue darts out to lick his bottom lip and Steve chases it, tilting his head down and slotting his lips against Tony’s and finally, finally kissing him.
. Tony studies them. The blond man – Thor – is smirking, hard cock making it obvious how much he’s enjoying himself as he thrusts his hand in and out of Bruce. Bruce, for his part, is moaning continuously, legs shaking and trembling. Tony can see a flash of silver around his dick and his balls; a cock cage keeping him from getting hard.
“It’s okay, honey, you don’t have to –”
“When we get back to 2023 I want pictures,” Steve grins.
Steve rolls to the side heavily, dropping down onto the mattress beside Tony.
But, what if?
“It’s been… a problem. Before. I just don’t want you to go in blind.”
“This is gorgeous,” Steve says, hands smoothing down the oil-slick skin of Tony’s ass. He squeezes the flesh in his hands, using his thumbs to spread Tony’s cheeks slightly. He shivers a little, a reaction to the mixture of cool air on his sensitive hole, the oddly gentle praise, and at the feeling of being on display like this.
“You’ll wear that any time you’re in any of the viewing rooms, or walking in any of the common areas. You can take it off during your private session if you like, but it’s not expected. No one will ask you to remove your mask until you leave.”
Steve is moaning into Tony’s mouth, breath panting and stuttering as he grinds down, and Tony deliberates letting him come in his pants before they even undress, just to get the first orgasm out of the way.
He stands, quickly unbuckling his belt, unzipping his fly and pulling his own half-hard cock out. Steve’s head is, intentionally, at the exact height required for Tony to step forward and feed his cock into Steve’s waiting mouth.
The doms need something out of it, too, he knows. They need to take that control, to push a sub down and own them, to feel that wicked power. Even Pepper had struggled at times, had warred with trying to appease her own dominant nature and give Tony what he needed at the same time. It hadn’t been why they’d broken up, but it had been why Tony hadn’t felt comfortable asking her to continue to dom him when he’d needed someone – making her be something she didn’t want to be had never sat right with him.
Steve doesn’t know what to say, so he goes back to his sketch.
Steve stares at him for a moment. “Oh,” he says, swallowing the smooth chocolate as he stares.
There’s a ring of padding at the head of it, and Tony knows that’s where his face is supposed to go. He doesn’t know what’s going to happen. The forms had been thorough, so there are a lot of possibilities. He moves over to the table, cheeks flushed, and lies down on it, resting his face in the opening. The table is very long, and Tony’s feet don’t come anywhere near the end – there’s probably room for a whole other person there.
“I’ll give you anything you want,” Steve says, and for the first time, Tony feels the hardness of his cock against Tony’s own thigh. He’s large, larger than Tony had expected, and rock hard, leaking wetness onto Tony’s thigh. Steve’s voice is strained, the first time he’s sounded anything other than in complete control, and that knowledge,
Tony’s cock throbs, his heart stutters, and he tries to hold on. He does, he tries not to come, wanting to last as long as possible for Steve, but he’s so gorgeous, so wanton, and he’s asking
“I should have explained it while I was doing it,” Steve says, petting Tony’s hair and holding him close. “I wasn’t going to hit you. I said I wouldn’t, and I meant that. The strap was to hold your legs up, Tony, that’s all.”
“Answer me with your voice,” Steve orders, his voice like warm steel, and Tony swallows hard.
“Please. Steve. I want you to try it.” Brutal honesty bubbles up out of his throat again. “Please. What you did for me tonight… no one has ever done anything like that. I feel so… it doesn’t matter. The point is, you deserve something for that. You were amazing. And I want to do something nice for you, and this is all I can think of. Please.”
Not that he’s complaining. Of course not – Tony is skilled and experienced and for someone without any enhancements he’s got a
Steve licks at him for long minutes, until Tony is wet with saliva, his muscles loose and trembling.
When Steve wakes up, Tony is already awake. It’s Sunday, so neither of them are expected anywhere, but Tony is sitting on the edge of Steve’s bed, turned just enough so he can see Steve’s face.
Tony’s heart feels heavy and light at the same time, overjoyed at Steve’s simple praise. Tony loves being good for Steve, being what Steve wants and needs.
“Well, a future where Zola and Hydra are embedded inside SHIELD doesn’t turn out all puppies and rainbows, either,” Steve tells him, jaw twitching.
“Feels good,” Steve moans, arching his back and pushing out his ass. “Feels full. Tony, god, I feel so full.”
face of robotic tech.
They talk about the last mission. They talk about the team. They talk about the news. Steve starts talking about a restaurant.
The grin Steve gives him is worth it.
it, and knows it. Knows it like he’s always known it, like there’s never been anything else but love between them.
In the back of his mind, he wonders if it’s because, somehow, despite everything, he’d trusted Steve. Already, after so little time, he’d already trusted Steve to give him what he needs without taking anything Tony doesn’t want to give.
Tony's lying on their bed, body arched, eyes half-closed and a sinful smirk across his face.
“You get some, and I get some,” he says. His voice is soft, hoarse. Steve lifts a square of chocolate to Tony’s lips, and together they open their mouths and place the morsel on one another’s tongues.
“We’ll be taking the long way around so I can give you the tour,” Coulson says, turning his head to speak over his shoulder. “It’s quiet today, but it will give you the opportunity to see what other services we have on offer, should you decide to visit us again.”
“Fuck, yes,” he gasps. “That’s why I booked you, handsome. Didn’t think you’d be so fucking hot from your ad, but, god, yes, please give it to me,” Stark bursts out.
“All spread out for me, giving yourself to me like this? You’re lovely, Steve.”
It hadn’t been the first time he’d realized he’d found Tony attractive, but it
Steve flips them over, presses Tony down into the cushions and undoes the fly of his pants, sliding his hand in, under the waistband of Tony’s underwear, and takes hold of his cock. It’s soft, but it’s still warm, and Tony doesn’t shy away from the touch, so Steve only hesitates for a moment before starts to stroke him.
“You’re so fucking amazing,” Tony moans, sliding back off Steve’s body. Steve gasps in pain – and pleasure – as Tony drags across his raw skin. “God, I love you.”
“I love you like this,” Tony says, keeping that crooning note in his voice. They’d tried it other ways, before – Tony had called Steve a slut, a whore. They’d done the humiliation thing, the ‘mean dom’ thing, and it hadn’t sat right with either of them.
Steve returns it with as much energy as he can muster, but even then it's sloppy and rough. Tony lets out a rough, low chuckle and pulls back, gathering Steve against his chest as he lays back on the bed.
“Tony,” Steve says, rolling onto his own side to face Tony and staring directly into Tony’s eyes. He takes a deep breath, like he’s trying to fortify himself. “Tony, seriously. This thing we have going on? This isn’t just…. It means a lot to me.”
And Steve takes it for the declaration it is, and kisses Tony again and again.
When Steve finally pulls back, his cheeks are flushed and his lips are glistening, but his eyes are twinkling with happiness. “Merry Christmas, Tony.”
“I love you, Tony, God,” Steve pants, sounding wrecked. “Please.”
"Love you, too," Steve mumbles into Tony's skin, staring at the cool blue light of the arc reactor in his chest.
him, and he’s so desperate to come.
Tony chuckles, sneaking a quick kiss to Steve’s nose. Steve scowls, but there’s no heat in it, so Tony reaches for the warming unit, which has some soft, damp towels in it, and opens it up. He pulls one of the towels out and uses it to carefully wipe the come off Steve’s back and ass, and the lube, thrilling a little at Steve’s hiss of sensitivity. He’ll bruise in an hour or so, from the flogger and the crop, but he’ll be barely pink by morning. Tony is utilitarian in the way he wipes his cock off, then drops the towel on the floor and crawls into the bed. Steve shifts back, hissing a little in pain, until there’s room for Tony, then wraps Tony up in his arms, throwing a heavy leg over Tony’s waist in an uncanny impression of a koala.
+++++
Tony’s lungs seize for a moment, then he remembers the order not to hold his breath, and he deliberately takes a gentle breath in and shakes his head once.
They don’t have enough cash for the long haul, so they both manage to pick up odd cash jobs – sweeping front stoops, unloading packages at the docks, Steve even spends a day on a fishing boat – until they have enough cash to rent an apartment. They find one for a good price in Midtown Village in Philadelphia, because it’s cheap, and none of the neighbours is going to look twice at two guys sharing an apartment, according to Tony. Steve blushes when he says it, but he can’t help but notice that the pairs of people they see on the street tend to be same-gendered, so he knows Tony is right.
Tony takes a moment to consider it, feeling sluggish and drunk but still not nearly all the way down into subspace. “Green,” he says.
But he’s not disappointed, not humiliated and scorned. No, Tony presses his lips to Steve’s, and Steve kisses him back, hand sliding back into Tony’s hair from the side of his face, kissing and kissing and kissing.
Steve swallows hard, his throat dry. Dinner with Tony Stark? “Like, a date?”
“Floor shows?”
He slows to a stop, then slowly bows his back, leaning down to take Tony’s lips in a gentle, breathless kiss.
Tony pulls back and drives back in, fingers digging cruelly into Steve’s waist as he fucks him, hard and fast and brutal, and Steve cries out with every thrust, babbling as Tony does his best to angle himself over Steve’s prostate with every push.
Steve leans forward, closing his lips around the head and giving in to the urge to suck. He slides forward, forward, taking what he can of Tony into his mouth. He sucks and licks as he moves, starting a slow, bobbing rhythm.
. It’s
Out of nowhere, Steve is right there, standing over him, gently pulling the
Tony loops the belt in half. It’s a $900 designer belt, and should be handled with extreme care.
Tony shivers, feels the tension in him loosen slightly, feels himself going another half step down. “Yes, Steve.”
“That’s it,” Steve praises him, letting go of his cock to pet Tony’s belly soothingly. Tony knows his whole body is trembling with effort – effort to hold still, effort to relax, effort to hold on desperately to the last vestiges of awareness and control no matter how badly he wants to let it all go.
“But for now, my arm is tired, love. I need a break.”
It’s only when Cap is braced with his legs wide, throwing the shield with prejudice at an alien’s head, that Tony glances down through the HUD and sees the shape of it under the stretched Kevlar hybrid canvas. It’s round, and full, and tight, and oh, god, Tony has
, to pleasure, to whatever his Dom wants from him… it had brought him to a whole new level of subspace, a level he hadn’t known existed. And now, as he slowly rises out of it, he knows he’ll never be able to go back. Now that he knows what it’s like to sink into subspace like the comfort of a warm blanket, he doesn’t know if he’d ever be able to get there through the more
Steve shrugs one shoulder, wiping the last of the gloop onto the bird and then moving over to the sink. He puts his hands under the faucet, and Tony moves forward on autopilot to turn the tap on for him, getting close enough into Steve’s space that he can smell sage, pepper, and… is that mayonnaise?
"Captain Rogers? There a problem?" Fury asks, tilting his head back so he can study Steve down the length of his nose.
bite down too hard and leave marks, and then Tony will be able to spank him for it, and they both know it.
“What about the rest of them?” Steve nods his chin down the street to the restaurant they’d snuck out of.
“What?”
Steve is heavy, a wall of solid muscle atop him, but the pressure is grounding. His entire back is warm from Steve’s hot skin, and he can feel Steve’s partial erection in the crease of his ass, but Steve doesn’t move. He simply lays there on Tony’s body, breathing slowly and deeply.
Tony thrusts in a few times, enough to get himself fully hard, then steps back and tucks himself back into his slacks with a slight hiss. He zips up the fly and rebuttons, but he doesn’t buckle his belt back up. He makes sure he’s in Steve’s eyeline, and then he slowly pulls the belt out of its loops. The only sounds in the room are the soft leather sliding through fabric loops, and Steve’s heavy breathing.
“I want more,” Steve argues, half-coherently. “God, Tony, please, I want more.”
“That’s true,” Tony agrees.
He hopes so, anyway.
He also notices that Tony never talks about his feelings. But Steve can’t bring himself to say anything, either. He wants to. Every moment he spends with Tony in this new reality, where he can touch and kiss and really
“Let me say it,” Steve says, whispering, begging. “Just once, before you put the walls back up, okay?”
Tony runs a hand down his spine, and Steve shivers. Tony’s fingers caress his ass, teasing at the top of his crack.
Steve keeps tight control of the kiss, guiding Tony through it, so all Tony can do is accept the kiss, let his mouth be claimed, and that feeling of being
) and keeps rubbing his prostate, and Steve’s throat vibrates as he cries out his orgasm and it pushes Tony over the edge.
“Fuckin – huge goddamned cock –” Tony is choking out between thursts, and it’s enough to push Steve right to the edge of orgasm. He jerks Tony’s cock harder, slick and tight and fast, and then Tony cries out, his whole body tensing with pleasure and urgency.
dirty.
“It’ll be fine. You’re doing great.”
dominate him the way he wants. The way he
“Are you close?” Steve asks him, feeling hot and tingling and wonderful. “Tony, god, you – you feel amazing,”
After a moment, where they just stare at each other in some namelessly charged way, Steve takes a deep breath and moves off the bed, moving toward Tony’s clothes. He brings them back, then gently starts putting them back on Tony. He doesn’t ask Tony to help, doesn’t tell Tony to dress himself – he moves Tony’s arms, his legs, seems to expect Tony to keep them where they’re placed (and he does) and allow Steve to dress him. And Steve seems to revel in it, in controlling Tony’s body, gently placing his underwear and trousers and shirt over him, covering up the skin that had been bare and sweaty moments ago.
It’s then that Steve belatedly realizes that Tony had misunderstood. There are plenty of massage therapists that travel from home to home for convenience. There are also plenty of “masseuses” that travel from home to home to allow for a more, er,
Tony's cock is putting constant pressure on Steve's prostate; it always does when they're in this position, with one of Steve's legs up over Tony's shoulder. Steve whines at how good it is, at the continuous pleasure, at the feeling of Tony fucking in and out of him.
doing it, he’s always liked doing it, but he’s never – obviously – done it while tied up. Never done it from this position. But he suddenly wants it, wants to do it more than anything in the world, wants it more than
There’s the snick of a plastic cap opening, and then cool oil dribbles over Tony’s back. He gasps at the suddenness of it, cheeks flushing when Steve lets out a low chuckle. Then Steve’s big, strong hands are spreading the oil over his back, his shoulders, skimming over his ass and down his legs, spreading the oil all over him.
he’s the one who’s making Steve lose that professional coolness, sinks him a step further down.
It’s Steve’s turn to look dumbfounded. “You are a certified genius with multiple PhDs,” Steve says after a moment. “You are the smartest man I have ever met, by far.”
“Finally, god, you tease,” Stark groans, bending the knee of his other leg and lifting it up, spreading himself open. Steve is a professional. He is a therapist, he is careful about how he acts and conducts himself with clients.
"You only beat him here because I dragged you from an earlier meeting and kept you locked in this room for 20 minutes," Coulson says mildly, not looking up from his paperwork.
Tony lets his wrist speed up, bringing the flogger down with a little more speed and sharpness. “Look at how you writhe for me.”
He glances around the room to make sure no one can see the screen of his phone and then types out a reply.
When Tony comes into the room, he’s not expecting to see Steve standing at the counter with his hands covered in thick, white glops of… something that makes him think dirty thoughts.
“Mr. Stark, fuck,” Steve moans, not even aware of what he’s saying.
“Come on, Tony,” Steve whispers. “Come on, please, that’s nice, I’m good.”
Tony starts slow, up near Steve’s tense shoulders. He watches raptly as Steve’s skin starts to redden, lines starting to raise right away as Tony’s wrist flicks the leather tails across his skin. He keeps up a steady rhythm, moving his arm around to make sure he’s warming up the skin on all of Steve’s back. Steve is panting, not quite ready to cry out yet, but that’s okay. Tony’s just starting.
“No one’s ever done that for me,” Steve tells him. “It’s not nothing.”
“What
“Of course, Tony. Anything.”
Tony moans, his whole body jerking with violent aftershocks. He’s come up a couple of steps out of subspace with the intensity of the orgasm that had ripped through him, but after another moment his body relaxes, and he sinks back down again, even further than before.
Tony shrugs. “Didn’t see the need to take it off. I’m still committed to my family.”
Steve snuggles closer into Tony's chest, throwing one heavy leg over Tony's and closing his eyes.
for his ass.
Tony glances down, cheeks slightly pink.
Tony tenses instantly. Steve had said he wasn’t interested in pain; Tony isn’t prepared for this, isn’t ready, he doesn’t
Standing outside the building, Tony’s not entirely sure he’s in the right place. Pepper had set it up for him, and Happy had driven him here without any commentary on where they were going, so Tony has no
Steve is nipping at Tony’s bottom lip, and they’re rutting against one another, and Tony thanks god and country for everything life has given him when he slides his hand down a little further, shoving down the back of Steve’s pants and letting his fingertip skim gently around the furled opening of Steve’s hole, and Steve whines and shoves his hips forward harder. The pressure makes Tony groan and squeeze Steve’s pec harder, and he smothers the urge to tell Steve what beautiful, glorious tits he has. Another time, maybe, when it’s not all so fresh and new and wonderful, he’ll figure out what filthy things he can say to Steve without causing the man to run away screaming in the night.
The door whooshes closed behind Steve, and Tony stares after him long enough to burn his finger on the soldering iron. He drops it with a curse, putting the injured finger in his mouth to soothe the sting.
"Thought about fucking you all day," Tony says, the words broken and choppy as he fucks hard and fast. Steve cries out, already so close he can barely stand it. "Thought about how needy you'd get, looking at all my pictures. Can't – oh, fuck, honey, you're so tight – can't last long like this, can you, baby? Me either, muffin – you go ahead and come when you're ready, okay?"
he’s doing it to tease him. “And it was pretty.”
“That’s okay,” Steve says. “We’re going to work together on this. You don’t like pain, do you?”
A raw turkey in a big black roaster.
After a moment’s consideration, Tony steps forward and pulls the release on the leg sections, pulling Steve’s legs wider apart, stretching his thighs open. He does it slowly so as not to strain Steve’s hips, but he doesn’t stop until Steve’s thighs are pushed up and wide, like a frog in the middle of a pond, preparing for another push forward in the water.
“Well, it also made me… I can’t… oh god.”
“Okay. Me, too. Let’s have it, whatever it is.”
“Sure. Big muscles, super strength, super speed. It’s a whole thing.”
Tony has done this before. In his wild youth, during cocaine-fueled nights and bad decisions and demonstrating poor coping skills, he’s done this. He’d been on the other end, he’d had that exquisite fiery burn of being filled too much, stretched past the limit, and he’d enjoyed it. But he’d never been on this end, watching the stretch and the tremble and the flush of eagerness spread across pale, glistening skin.
“Of course it did,” Steve agrees, because he knows what his ad online says.
Tony moans, bringing both hands around to Steve’s chest, steadying himself. Then he’s moving, hard and fast, riding Steve with rolling, grinding hips. The silky, sweet grip of him around Steve’s cock is relentless, unbelievable, and Steve bends his knees a little, as much as he can, and it’s just enough to get a little leverage so he can pump his hips up, fucking up into that tight, tight heat, pushing his cock as deep as he can into Tony’s ass. Tony is crying out, head thrown back, and Steve knows, he just
“Hydra or not, we’ve discussed this. If we decide to do something – if we do
“Oh, I’m pretty sure it’s not, Cap,” Tony says, shaking his head. “I’d know.”
Steve stands up then, pulling away from Tony and quickly divesting himself of his jeans, walking back around Tony’s body. Tony can’t see him now, but that’s fine. He doesn’t need to see Steve to be good for him. He can hear Steve’s breathing, can feel the subtle shift in the air as Steve moves behind him, then Steve’s hot hands on Tony’s hips. Steve tucks his finger under the blue G-string of Tony’s underwear and pulls it to the side. He wraps the fingers of his other hand around the base of the plug, and pulls it out. He’s not slow and gentle, he’s fast and efficient about it. He flicks the button to turn the vibrations off as he drops the toy the ground, and between one breath and the next Steve is thrusting into Tony’s body, into his slick, open hole. He thrusts hard, in and out. He’s fast and brutal, and his hand slides up Tony’s spine to grip into his hair, jerking Tony’s head back and exposing his throat.
He’s not even halfway in when Steve comes
that Tony probably wasn’t prepped enough, that the little bit of rimming and lube wouldn’t have been enough to stretch him out properly to take Steve’s cock, but Tony looks like he’s in heaven, bouncing and rocking over Steve’s body.
sexy about… whatever it is. There’s just something sexy about
+++++
This time, Tony's still wearing the panties, but he's slipped one hand inside them to cradle his balls, and his cock is half-out, fully erect now. Steve's mouth waters a little, and he just barely manages to hold in a whimper. Tony's other hand in the photo is pinching at one of his own nipples, and Steve can almost
like a ‘happy ending’ kind of massage.”
“What’s that?” Steve asks him, shifting a little closer and putting his arm around Tony’s back. Tony glances up at him like he’s surprised by the contact – he must have been deep in thought.
, but what he sees on Steve’s face isn’t blame and disgust, it’s just the usual awe of meeting what, in the world they live in, is the closest thing to a celebrity he’s ever shared air with.
It stretches his ass cheeks open, and his hole is exposed to the warm air of the room, twitching as he clenches with the humiliation of it.
"Jarvis," Tony says then. He pushes Steve's legs apart, resting one of Steve's legs on his own shoulder and pushing the other out wide, but otherwise he ignores Steve. "Do me a favour and give Steve that slideshow again, will you? And go ahead and play the voicemails while I'm busy here." He turns back to Steve. "Wouldn't want you to get too bored, right?"
“I’ll have to use the crop after,” Tony tuts. “As punishment.”
“Tony, wait,” Steve says, pulling back a little more, and Tony knows a ‘no’ when he hears it, so he freezes.
“You could have called,” Tony points out, running his fingers gently through Steve’s hair. It’s getting long, but Steve doesn’t want to cut it until they’re ready to go back.
“Oh, god,” Steve gasps, and then he raises himself up on his knees and thrusts down, setting a fast pace, fucking himself down on Tony’s cock as Tony strokes him, fingers hot and tight and lightly calloused.
Tony pulls his thumb free, lets go of his grip on Steve’s chin. Steve keeps his mouth open for a moment, so Tony decides to use it.
The sub is on his back, legs pushed up to his chest. There’s a masked dom fucking roughly into him, and another fucking his throat, hand knotted in the sub’s long, dark hair. Several more masked doms — male and female — are watching, hands stroking or fingering themselves, sometimes reaching out to slap at the sub’s chest and belly and thighs. They’re obviously all waiting their own turns.
++++++
“Do you like that?” Tony asks him, hope flaring in his chest. “Do you like feeling that burning stretch? Feeling so full you don’t think you can take any more?”
“I forgive you,” Tony murmurs, because he knows Steve needs to hear that, every time.
, he thinks to himself.
Tony doesn’t make a move on Steve right away. It’s not just because he’s worried any advances will be unwelcome. He moves the team into the tower first; two near-death experiences in the space of a couple of hours had been enough to make him aware of the crushing void of family and friends in his life, and if you can’t make friends with people you almost died with, who
Tony laughs into Steve’s skin, cuddling close.
“Yeah,” Tony croaks, letting his other knee, the one not draped over Steve’s huge bicep, fall open slightly more. “Yeah, I want…”
Steve lets out a choked laugh. “God, Tony, nothing’s ever felt like this.”
Steve rides the elevator up to the penthouse with Tony, as he’s done every other time they’ve gone out together. At the door, he leans down and presses a soft, chaste kiss against Tony’s lips. Steve’s mouth is cold and sweet from the ice cream. Tony can’t help himself, and he presses up into the kiss, prolongs it just a little, and lets his tongue lick out to swipe along the seam of Steve’s lips.
Steve is half-asleep, then, when he feels Tony open the cuffs around Steve’s ankles. He pulls a blanket over them, nuzzling into Steve’s chest, his throat, and Steve knows they’re going to regret the sticky mess on his chest later, but he doesn’t care, and clearly neither does Tony.
“Yeah. God, Tony, you drive me crazy sometimes – most times – but I… I’ve always felt –”
After a long moment, when Steve is short of breath and hard in his pants and his head is spinning, he pulls back, tipping his forehead forward to rest against Tony’s. Tony is panting, fingers clawing still into Steve’s shoulders.
Tony stares for a long time, then takes another bite of his meatloaf.
Tony shivers, feels himself sink down a step further into subspace, feels his body sink down against the cool table.
“Just… you gotta know,” Steve says. “Before we… go any further.”
“I should gag you,” Tony hums thoughtfully. “But I do so love it when you start to scream.”
“I love you.”
“Sure we can. I’m an eccentric billionaire, I can do whatever I want.”
The phone buzzes again. And again. And again and again. It's clearly a phone call – Steve pulls it out of his pocket while pretending to ignore that everyone is turning to stare at him. He glances down, just for a second, and sees that yes, it is Tony calling.
There’s a naked man tied down to a bench, his head and wrists locked in a pillory. He’s on his belly against the leather bench, legs spread wide and shackled to the floor. There’s a mirror in front of the pillory so Tony can see the man’s face even though he and Coulson are situated behind him. His hair is dark with a peppering of grey, curly and clinging to his forehead with sweat, and he is, inexplicably, wearing glasses. As if there’s anything in front of him he needs to be able to see clearly right now. No, the interesting part of the show is all in the back.
“You should have said,” Tony tells him again, a little firmer.
“Answer the question, please.”
“She is,” Coulson agrees with a nearly imperceptible sigh. Tony imagines Coulson would like to be in that particular scene, though he can’t figure out whether Coulson wants to take Natasha’s place or Clint’s. Or both. “So is he,” Coulson continues. “He’s one of our most sought-after subs.”
“Steve,” Tony says, half acknowledgement and half pleading. He doesn’t know what he’s begging for – to stave off his impending orgasm? For Steve to be this open and hot and slick for him all the time? For time to stop so he can feel this way forever?
Tony takes a few deep breaths, feeling his body relax around the growing toy, and then braces himself. “Three, four.”
“Jesus, yes, how could I not be, when you – oh, god, Steve, honey…” Tony trails off as his hands go back to gripping Steve’s hips, and Tony thrusts up into him, meeting Steve’s own as he rides faster and faster.
This time, Steve's laugh is a little more breathless, a little more strained. His cock pulses, a bead of pre-come gathering at the tip.
“Green,” Steve replies, and he thinks the smile on his face might be a little on the goofy side. “Now get up here, mister.”
“So, when you said floor show…” Tony croaks, swallowing roughly.
, his whole body jerking, so Tony does it again.
. He has no idea how long he’s been suspended from the ceiling, trussed up and helpless, but he can’t get any friction, can’t shift enough to get the vibrating plug deep enough to grind against his prostate. The light lace of the chemise over his pecs, the deep vee showing off his arc reactor, none of that gives him enough sensation. It’s feather light against his skin, and he just wants to
"What, is my punishment going to be to have to watch you jerk yourself off until you come in your own panties? You're gonna have to do better than that, Stark." Steve tries to sound unaffected by the sight in front of him, but he can't quite hide the note of strain in his voice, because Tony looks delectable like this.
Nothing happens. He takes the little vial of Pym particles out of the compartment at his belt, shakes it, puts it back in, and hits the dial again. He looks up at Steve, reaching up to hit the retraction button for his helmet, eyes meeting Steve’s with trepidation.
“Thank you,” Tony says, finally, after a beat. “This was… I’ve never had this before. Never made it that far into subspace, and never gone down so easily. You’re very… talented.”
Besides, it’s only an hour commute to Wheaton, so they can work on the next steps of their plan.
Steve looks up at Tony’s face, chest warm as Tony’s eyelashes flutter a little in pleasure.
Steve’s cheeks turn mesmerizingly pink. “It was a pleasure,” he says. “Thank you for trusting me.”
Every once in a while, if they go out for a burger or something, Steve catches Tony watching families. Little kids running around in their yards, being scolded to sit quietly at the table in the diner. Mothers and fathers smiling at each other and holding their babies and raising their families.
"It's the only joy I get out of every day," Coulson tells him.
“Don’t move,” Steve says, voice low and commanding. Tony knows what’s coming, but he still startles a little when Steve uses his big hands to spread Tony’s cheeks, then begins gently lapping at Tony’s hole with his tongue.
Tony moves one hand off Steve’s hip and dips his fingers into the open jar of slick, then wraps his fingers around Steve’s cock.
“Or don’t,” Tony says. “I like taking you apart.”
“Shh, okay, I got you,” Tony says, pressing those two fingers in slowly, slowly, all the way in. He twists his wrist a little, and then the pads of his fingers are pressing against Steve’s prostate, rubbing and pressing and teasing as he slides his fingers in and out.
“Tony…”
Tony shifts up onto his knees behind Steve, eyes flicking back and forth between Steve’s head hung between his arms, and his ass stretching to open up for the toy.
“Please, please,” he murmurs, eyes squeezed shut. His hands wring around the iron, the pebbled texture of it digging into his palms.
“I like looking at you,” Steve says, mildly defensive.
Tony grins back at him, glad the conversation has turned away from feelings. “Anytime, handsome. I dunno if you were counting, but you came six times. New record.”
Tony blinks. “He isn’t the leader of the STRIKE team,” he says, dumbly.
“Say yes?” Steve asks.
,” Tony says, waving a hand dismissively. “I get that you’re, you know. Not… I’m a client. I get that, is what I’m saying.”
better, Cap. You know that every little thing we do here will have some effect on the entire timeline, will change their entire future.”
“No, right now,” Tony says. “I don’t – I don’t want to stop, I want to try again, right now.”
After a moment, Steve pulls his hips up with a hiss, and Tony’s softening cock and the dildo slip out of him. Tony can feel his own come dribble out of Steve and onto Tony’s balls, and it shouldn’t be as hot as it is. He moans a little as Steve whines at the emptiness, and can’t help but reach down and press two fingers into Steve’s slack hole, revelling in the way it twitches around him.
“You’re gorgeous,” Tony breathes, wrapping his fingers around Steve’s hip. Steve’s come smears across his skin with Tony’s hand. Steve’s come is pooled across Tony’s belly, and Tony drags a thumb through it and rubs it over Steve’s thigh.
In the washroom, Steve washes his hands, then leans over the sink and stares at himself.
, gasping and shaking and loud. Steve shudders under him, his whole body tensing as he spills over the towel again, and Tony’s fingers grip around the dildo, gritting his teeth and stopping his forward push, to let Steve have his orgasm.
Tony walks around to the front of the bench, and runs his hand through Steve’s hair, where it’s flopped down over his eyes. It’s soft and shining in the low light of the room, like gold in the flickering candlelight.
“Oh god please stop.” Steve feels his traitorous dick twitch a little at the praise, because, well, he’s human and he’s a young man with a healthy sex drive and Tony Stark really liked having sex with him.
, so even though his cheeks are hot with humiliation at asking for it, he can’t stop the words from pouring out, as stilted and halting as they are.
He scoots back and leans down, licking at Steve’s stretched rim, his tongue pushing inside, and Steve moans. Then Tony pulls back, rolls and lays on his back, watching as Steve shudders once more, then twists, lifting up and swinging a leg over Tony’s thighs. Steve looks down at him, and he looks utterly debauched. His lips are pink and wet, swollen from biting them. His cheeks are flushed, his hair is damp with sweat. His eyes are wide and dark with desire. He looks like a filthy, beautiful dream.
Tony wonders idly what Steve could have done, and decides he doesn’t care. The Dom had been kind to him. More than kind. Steve had made him feel special and beautiful, and had brought him down into a subspace so deep he thought he’d be there forever.
“Exactly like a date,” Tony confirms. “Maybe even multiple dates. Would you like that?”
“I’m… I guess the serum…. Ahem. It did a lot of things.”
Tony laughs again. “Actually, now that I know you didn’t have sex with me just because I paid you to do it… Guess that means you wanted to have sex with me, too?”
After dinner, they watch Laugh-In, and Tony tinkers with a small tool he’s building.
“I know, but everything we change about this timeline creates a new one. I showed you this.”
Tony shrugs. “Better this way. We’re better at the friend thing anyway. And the most important part, the part where we’re Morgan’s parents, well, that’s never gonna change. So it’s good.”
He feels itchy and stiff in his suit, out of place at the immaculately dressed table. The table is intimate, and he’s surrounded by his team, but he feels like he doesn’t belong. He doesn’t know which fork to use. He has never in his life eaten blue foam, and he doesn’t intend to start now.
“That’s nice,” Tony says, running a palm over Steve’s hip. “That’s very nice.”
Tony is lying on the bed, on his side. He's got his head propped up by one hand while the other is in front of him, fiddling with a tablet.
“Do you want my cock?” Tony asks, stilling and letting the girth of his fingers and the dildo stretch Steve wide. Steve’s hole twitches, clenching slightly, then relaxing so the muscle is soft and pliant. “If you want it, I’ll give it to you.”
“Both of us at the same time,” he says, sitting all the way up and taking the chocolate from Steve’s hands, breaking another small square off. He’s rising rapidly out of his subspace but in a way that feels good, like he’s woken up from a long, restorative sleep, or he’s had a massage after an intense workout. His limbs feel loose and heavy and soft, the world slightly unfocused at the edges in a way that is soothing and comfortable.
“It was good,” Steve assures him, smiling a little. “It was really good.”
Steve doesn't get a chance to respond, though, before Tony is crawling up on the bed beside him, pushing Steve down onto his back. He reaches for the bedside table and pulls out the adamantium cuffs they keep for special occasions, and he grins as he secures Steve's wrists to the head rail.
Tony moans, grinding his hips up into Steve’s. “Yep, shutting up.”
Steve swallows his bite of taco, shaking his head. “It’s fine, I don’t mind, it’s –”
But Steve just wants to go
Tony actually feels himself dip down again, just a little, at the praise. He’d thought he was all the way up, but apparently not. He’s still floating a little. He’s got mental clarity, he’s up far enough for that, but he’s still smooth and sated and satisfied.
“I’m going to gag you after all,” Tony says. “For a little while, anyway.” Then he takes the belt and places it between Steve’s full, pink lips. Steve, without having to ask and with a low gasp of lust, closes his teeth over the leather, holding the belt there in his mouth.
Tony lowers himself down, thighs resting on Steve’s chest, and he’s finally, finally in reach, so Steve stops wasting time and uses his hands to spread Tony’s cheeks apart, and begins to kiss and lick at the tender, hidden skin. He slides his tongue up Tony’s crack, circling wetly around his hole. The texture is rough, tight, but it feels hot against his mouth.
Steve lays him on the bed, kissing him all the while as he sinks to follow him, pressing Tony into the mattress.
Coulson lifts one shoulder in a mild shrug. “We have — I guess you would call them floor shows, and group sessions available.”
Coulson leads Tony down the hallway, through to a huge loft. It’s separated by partitions, and Tony almost laughs, his brain helpfully supplying the thought that the little partitions are like cubicles.
Steve moans, kissing and licking his way back up to the head. He’s not taking Tony’s cock into his mouth – in this position, really, Tony could probably fuck into his throat, but he was serious about not wanting to come yet.
Tony hands the vendor a $100 bill and stacks three recyclable containers on top of each other, takes a fourth and hands it to Steve.
Steve blinks. Tony looks down at his wrist, hits the dial again.
He brings the stiff crop over to Steve’s bench, proud of the way Steve stays facing forward, not craning his neck to look over his shoulder at Tony. Trusting in Tony, that Tony will bring him what he needs, what he wants, even if Steve can’t articulate it.
about him. And not even just about his ass. Or, oh god, his shoulders.
“Shh, honey, it’s okay, you don’t have to decide anything else right now,” Tony says soothingly, stroking Steve’s hair. “We can talk about that another time.”
Tony notices his hesitation right away, touches his elbow gently. “Steve? You okay? Gimme a colour.”
“You’re not too far off. The educational system does what it can, but that’s not the same as experiencing it,” Coulson says. They get to a door at the top of the stairs, and Coulson looks back at him. “It’s also useful for our dominant clients with a voyeuristic streak. Everyone behind these doors who isn’t staff is a client. Our clients’ privacy is sacred.”
“You don’t… you don’t stay. At night. Do I snore? Do I run too hot?”
Tony doesn’t say anything for a long time, just stares at Steve, dumbfounded.
Tony reaches down and gives a light swat to Steve’s ass, glancing down to watch the muscle jiggle. He grins when Steve makes a pleading, breathy sound, then leans forward to kiss him again.
“How…?” Steve asks, voice soft. “I can’t spread my legs.”
He slides his hand up the inside of Stark’s thigh, to his groin, and the weight of Stark’s heavy balls against his fingers makes him shiver. His slick fingers move straight to the cleft between Stark’s cheeks, to the hot, soft skin and the wrinkled furl of his hole. Stark cries out, and his hips tilt up, and that’s all the invitation Steve needs. He lets his oil-slick middle finger dip into the furled hole of Stark’s entrance, and he groans at the heat at the same time that Stark groans at the breach.
Tony looks like a deer caught in the headlights. “Hey, Steve, I didn’t – if you don’t want –”
“As I mentioned, we offer group scenarios, as well,” Coulson says quietly. “They can be hard to schedule when clients are intended to make up the group, but we do what we can.”
Tony floats in subspace for a long while, completely trusting in Steve’s arms. Steve pets him and holds him, letting them both bask in the feeling of it, of Tony’s surrender, of Steve’s power and strength.
Tony crosses his arms. “Who eats dinner at 4:30?”
Steve squeezes the pump, just once, and the toy grows larger in Tony’s body.
“I just –”
They stare at one another for a moment, then the gorgeously sculpted man, Steve, clears his throat.
“Good. And how are you doing right now?”
Steve lets out a snort of a laugh. “If there’s one thing you’re good at, Stark, it’s wringing me out,” he says.
"Well, then, by all means," Steve says with a deferring nod of his head.
“Well, we’re gonna get it to five, baby.”
“We have team Christmas dinner tonight,” Steve tells him, looking ludicrous with his hands still up in front of him and speaking slowly as though Tony is a very small, very confused child. “As a matter of fact, I’m pretty sure that’s actually
“Yep,” he says after a minute. “Yep, me too.”
Steve nods vigorously, moaning around the panties again as Tony surges up and straddles him, dropping his phone on the mattress beside them and wrapping his hand around his cock again. He shifts up so he's straddling Steve's chest, slowly stroking himself. His other hand finds its way to Steve's hair, gripping it securely, holding Steve's head exactly where he wants it.
“Do you want more, honey?” Tony asks, barely letting himself hope. “Is this okay?”
Tony rests the dildo over his pubic bone, the base of it resting against the base of his cock, and watches hungrily as Steve pours some lube into his own hand and wraps it around Tony and the toy, stroking up and down a few times to make everything more slippery. Then he scoots up, straddling Tony’s hips. He tilts his hips, reaches behind himself to guide Tony’s cock and the dildo inside himself.
Steve lets his hands roam over Tony’s back, down his sides, up his chest and over his shoulders. He can’t get enough of touching Tony, actually. And, now that he thinks about it, actually – Steve lets his hand slide down Tony’s back, all the way to his ass, and squeezes the full, round curve of it.
“I have to pull the ad,” Steve says. “I need to change my number. I’m in so much trouble.”
He cries out, because it’s so, so good.
Tony melts into his arms, clutching at Steve’s shoulders, biting a little at Steve’s lip as he kisses him back, kisses Steve
“I love you,” Steve whispers, nuzzling into Tony’s hair.
Steve doesn’t have words. He knows Tony hadn’t wanted to. That Tony had done it for Steve’s peace of mind.
“No, of course not, but –”
“I want you to say the words, Steve.”
He tips his head forward and presses a chaste kiss to Tony’s shoulder.
but opportunities for relationships have been few and far between, so he’s
“Like sex ed for BDSM,” Tony smirks.
“I’m just saying, he’s evil. He’s Hydra!”
Tony pauses for a couple of beats. “Um. It’s nice. This is nice. A nice way to just, you know, be close to – to someone.”
“Yeah, you never were very good at sitting idle, were you?”
Tony sighs, head falling back and hands stilling on Steve’s shoulders. “You know what, Steve, it’s fine, you can just top tonight, okay?”
“You might have come, Tony, but you’re going all the way down for me tonight,” Steve murmurs against the inside of Tony’s damp calf. “Now, when you’re ready, one more to go.”
Steve nods. “Okay.”
Steve just keeps
“Have some,” Tony says, lifting a heavy hand and waving it somewhere in the vicinity of the chocolate in Steve’s hands. Steve blanches.
Clint smirks. “Were we talking about Cap?”
"What took you so long, handsome?" Tony asks, eyes twinkling. "I've been calling for hours."
He hesitates for only a moment, then dips the tip of his finger in alongside the dildo, watching Steve’s face for signs of distress as he pushes in. Steve moans, his eyes wide, but the look on his face is one of surprise, of lust and desire. Tony pulls the dildo back, then pushes it in alongside his finger, and Steve takes a deep breath. “So good,” he slurs out.
“Mmm,” Steve says, noncommittal. Tony muffles a laugh into Steve’s chest, then lightly scrapes his nails down Steve’s back. Steve yelps, gasping.
+++++
Steve holds the rubber bulb in one hand, and reaches his other one up to Tony’s face. He gently brushes the sweaty curls from Tony’s forehead, looking partly proud and partly stern, as Tony watches him. Steve’s hand slides down his jaw, down his throat, flicks at a nipple and slides down Tony’s trembling belly until he can wrap his hand around Tony’s cock, still hard and leaking slightly.
“Want me to grow it back?”
Steve snorts a half-laugh. “I’ve got leftover takeout in my fridge at the Tower. We can eat it after.”
Steve makes a punched-out grunting noise, but doesn’t answer right away. Tony knows he’s considering – they both know Tony will fuck him at the end of this. The question is how stretched out and ready Steve wants to be before it happens. Does he want to be open and loose so Tony can slam slickly into him? Or does he want to be tight and unprepared so Tony’s cock spears him open, burning and pushing and stretching to the point of discomfort.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” he says one day. They’re watching a rerun of The Brady Bunch, and while neither of them is really paying attention, Tony has a half-smile on his face every time Cindy Brady has a speaking line. Steve is sure he’s thinking about Morgan.
Steve stays inside him for long moments, breathing deeply to try and catch his breath. When he finally pulls out, Tony moans even though Steve’s trying to be careful. Tony is still crying.
“Green, so goddamned green –”
“You close, honey? Feel good?”
Steve moans, shifts a little and widens his knees, giving Tony better access. Tony rewards him by nipping sharply at the top of Steve’s ass cheek, and Steve cries out, his cock throbbing in Tony’s grip. Tony chuckles low in his throat, then moves behind Steve’s body, spreads his cheeks apart and licks delicately at Steve’s hole.
Steve moans louder this time, panting through his nose even as the sound is muffled by the panties in his mouth. Tony breaches him with a third finger, and his other hand wraps itself around Steve's cock, hard and hot and leaking at the tip.
“Ex-wife,” he says. It sounds creaky, and he clears his throat and tries again. “Ex-wife and daughter.”
“Yeah, look at you coming back up already,” Tony says with a sigh. “Sorry about that, honey. We’ll get you tied down again soon.”
Steve's embarrassed flush reaches new levels.
“Yeah,” Steve says, and he leans into Tony’s space, slowly, and presses a gentle, sweet kiss over Tony’s lips. He keeps it fairly chaste, brushing his lips across Tony’s slowly, and then he pulls back. Tony’s cheeks are flushed, his eyes bright in the dim room.
,” Tony moans, shivering with aftershocks. “Fuck, that’s the best $200 I’ve ever fucking spent,” he gasps, panting.
“Don’t hold your breath,” Steve orders, and Tony lets out the air he’d been holding without noticing. The order itself causes that same feeling of centering that the praise had only a few moments ago, another step down into quieting the noise in his head.
“Mmm,” Steve says, shifting a little. “Don’t need a bath. Just want to sleep, and hold you.”
“We’ll start slow,” Steve tells him, holding up the dildo. “Lay your head down, so you don’t hurt your neck.”
Steve’s cheeks go pink in a way that Tony finds debilitatingly beautiful. “It’s not something we had money for, when I was growing up.”
Steve swallows before he answers, and already his voice sounds a little calmer, just from Tony’s fingertips brushing across his scalp. “Red.”
“Steve. He’s quiet.”
Tony swallows, searching Steve’s blue eyes for the lie, for the pandering. It’s not there, though. Only simple honesty.
Steve reaches out, petting a hand through Tony’s hair, down the back of his neck, down his spine and over his ass. Steve’s fingers brush over the vibrating plug and down Tony’s thigh, but Tony doesn’t move, doesn’t make a sound. Steve will take care of him. Steve knows what’s best for him, and how Tony should be touched.
“Steve. It’s important that you be honest with me, here. Please. I don’t want to do anything you don’t want to do. That won’t be good for me, I promise.” Tony looks so earnest, so serious.
“Please,” Steve answers. His cock is hard and leaking, but his head is fuzzy and warm and light, and the fact that Tony had said yes, hadn’t laughed at him or mocked him or made a weird face – Tony wants his mouth, he’ll let Steve open him up like that, and god, it’s just want Steve wants.
Tony stares. “I understand where I went wrong. I asked you that question in a way that made it sound like I was looking for a specific ‘what’ that you’re doing, but in reality I was looking for a more general ‘what,’” Tony says. “I’ll be clearer; what, in general terms, are you
He wants it. He wants this for him, and he wants this for Steve, and the second finger slides in, tight, with the first, and Steve’s cry is deliciously needy.
Steve just climbs over him and reaches for the bedside drawer.
His arm is starting to get tired, but he has no intention of finishing any time soon – instead, he’ll take a break.
Tony watches Steve work for a while. “So. Christmas dinner.”
Tony gently pulls out, comes back quickly with a third slick finger, and the stretch is satisfying this time – it stings, sure, but Steve knows he’s more relaxed, feeling more pleasure from it. The way his cock is hard and leaking a little into the bedding would also be a pretty good indication.
There’s a little bowl of orange slices on the bedside table that Steve had prepared earlier, some time after he’d trussed Tony up in the ropes but before he’d fucked Tony’s mouth. He’d peeled and segmented the oranges, then dipped them half into a bowl of melted dark chocolate. He’d sprinkled them with salt and left them to set, knowing Tony would need the sweetness of the orange and chocolate as well as the salt to bring his electrolytes up.
Finally, Steve unbuckles the ring gag and gently takes it out of Tony’s mouth, watching as Tony closes his lips and licks them, smacking his tongue almost drunkenly. Steve takes a moment to massage Tony’s jaw, and Tony moans a little at the sensation. He picks Tony up in a bridal carry and takes him over to their bed, dressed with soft, clean sheets and soft, fuzzy blankets. Tony always loves the different sensations of soft fabrics when he’s down.
Steve fights down a smile. He likes Coulson – even more now, a year after the Chitauri attack that they'd thought had killed him. He'd been stiff and serious then. He's still stiff and serious, but every once in a while that dry wit snaps out like a weapon in someone's direction (rarely Steve's) and it's a joy to watch.
Then Steve is pushing his cock in between Tony’s wet, slack lips, and the taste and weight on Tony’s tongue is ambrosia. Steve pushes in until his cock teases the back of Tony’s throat, but Tony doesn’t choke, his whole body too relaxed. Being used like this, being told to do nothing but allow Steve to pleasure himself using Tony’s mouth, has his whole body shivering even as his mind floats, sinking further and further down.
“Well, that’s the name he goes by,” Coulson smirks. “Shall we?”
He’s going to need his strength.
wants to ruin it after all these months, but he also kinda likes Steve as a friend, and the last thing he wants is for Steve to be one of
Steve sighs. “Yeah,” he says. “Of course. Have you seen you?”
Tony moans again as Steve flips his page to a fresh one and starts sketching again. He wants Steve’s
Tony blinks. Okay, possibly not. But apparently Tony had been
If anything
“Son of a bitch,” he sighs.
After watching Tony’s expression for another moment to make sure he’s floating in the very best subspace, Steve moves to unwrap the suspension ropes from their tethers on the wall, and gently lowers Tony to the floor. He steps forward and methodically unties him, undoing loops upon loops of soft, red rope. Tony’s skin is striped pink from it, from the gentle pressure of the ropes, from his own struggling before he’d finally given in to his subspace.
They’re necking on the couch, Tony laying on top of Steve and kissing him, hands roaming. Tony is kissing him deeper and deeper, grinding his hips down, but Steve can feel the difference. Steve’s got an erection, how could he not? But he can’t feel any answering hardness in Tony’s pants.
Stark turns over, and Steve’s eyes flick to his face. He’s got his eyes closed, thank god, but his mouth is slightly open, his lips pink and slick and glossy. His throat bobs as he swallows, and Steve drapes the towel over Stark’s hips, and nearly chokes on his own tongue at the sight of Stark’s erection tenting the terry fabric.
Steve’s chin is resting on a slightly lower padded section, so his neck is straight. Tony had enveloped his throat in the dark red collar they had picked out together, and it matches the straps holding him down perfectly. There’s no straining or pulling anywhere in his body, no chance of an injury that Tony doesn’t fully intend. If Steve weren’t so totally pent up and agitated, he would be able to completely relax in this position.
Steve groans as he gets Tony all the way into him, shifting his hips back and forth a little to put pressure on his own prostate. Tony feels amazing in him.
"You – you
Steve thrusts down hard and fast, grinding himself down on the cocks inside him, and cries out as his cock jerks in Tony’s grip, spilling come that drips over Tony’s knuckles. Tony’s own cock throbs, encased in tight heat, and Steve just keeps grinding, his cock pulsing as he drags his orgasm out.
Tony presses a feather light kiss to Steve's cheekbone as another voicemail starts to play.
“Of course,” Steve says. Had Tony not realized that?
“It was fine. It was totally –” Tony shoves the boxes of tacos at Steve’s chest, and Steve drops his partially-eaten one back in the box so he can grab the boxes before they fall onto the sidewalk. Tony backs away, looking stricken. “Tony, stop,” Steve says, and he drops all the tacos and grabs Tony by the arms before he can turn and run, because Steve can see it in his eyes, the flight response that means he’s about to take off like a scared deer. But Steve had felt a moment, has had a realization about the clarity with which Tony can read the expressions on his face, and there’s no way he’s letting Tony run without a fight. He’s not going to let Tony run off to Japan or Germany or wherever for weeks of ‘meetings’ and then come back and act like nothing’s happened. Not this time.
Steve is the first out of the room, headed straight up to the Avengers personal floors and the penthouse suite. Tony has some explaining to do.
,” he finally chokes out, and Tony’s jaw slackens, his eyes going wide and dark.
Tony slides away from him then, and stands up beside the bed. Steve instantly misses the heat of his skin, the proximity, but Tony has always been particularly creative, so Steve is sure he won't mind where this is going.
“You still wear your ring,” Steve says, nodding toward Tony’s left hand where a simple gold band adorns his third finger.
“I want to feel you come in me,” Steve breathes, swallowing as he starts to ramp up his hips again, thrusting down on the cocks inside him. “Please, Tony, want you to fill me up.”
“We often get inexperienced clients,” Coulson explains. “Doms and subs who know they need something, but they don’t know what, or how to ask for it. We’ve found that if they’re able to see some of the services on offer, some of the scenes in action, it can help them decide what they want, or what they’d like to try.”
“It’s like… nothing is ever enough,” Steve finally says, closing his eyes so he doesn’t have to meet Tony’s eyes. “I can’t get enough.”
“Oh.” Tony blinks at him. “Oh, wow, that is… that is my mistake, I thought the ad said – it said ‘
He does not, however, turn his phone back on to check it.
of him is augmented.
+++++
“This okay, honey?” Tony asks him, waving the silicone cock a little so it bounces. He’s gripping it around the base, his hand not quite making it all the way around the girth of it.
“Gonna – gotta get lube, honey, just a second,” Tony groans, breathless and hot, spinning to straddle Steve’s hips and face him. He rips open a condom with his teeth and rolls it down over Steve’s straining cock, then he grabs the lube, pouring it over his fingers even as he bucks to ride the desperate roll of Steve’s hips, and then Tony reaches back behind himself, crying out and closing his eyes tight. Steve wishes he could see Tony shove slick fingers inside himself, see his hole stretch open for the intrusion, but Tony doesn’t waste any time, doesn’t make a show of it, just spreads some slick over the condom on Steve’s cock and then pulls his left ass cheek aside while he uses his right hand to grip Steve, holding him steady, then presses down. He’s amazing, tight, and so, so fucking hot, Steve can’t help but cry out as he sinks into that perfect, clenching heat.
Tony moans, fingers digging into Steve’s thighs as he looks up at him, eyes wide and beautiful.
Tony slows before he stops, still fucking into Steve for as long as his cock stays hard. Steve squeezes his eyes closed, sure there must be tears leaking out the sides, but Tony will know it's just from the overstimulation – the wild pleasure that isn't over yet.
“Remind me of your safe word,” Steve says, and Tony can tell from his tone that it’s a test, a check-in, that Steve certainly hasn’t forgotten.
Coulson leads him further along, and there’s a group scene happening in the next partition. Tony slows again, watching.
experience.
“Open your mouth, sweetheart,” Steve murmurs, a finger caressing Tony’s jaw as his other hand cards through Tony’s hair to hold his head up carefully. “Open your mouth, but don’t suck. Just let it happen. You’ve been so good for me, you don’t have to do anything more, okay? Just feel me, let me do this.”
“Tony,” Steve says, and he can see it in Tony’s shoulders, the way he’s hunched in on himself. Honestly, Steve would have expected him to be a little more confident, a little less unsure, but last night had thrown them both for a loop. “Tony, I’m not… Peggy is married. She has kids. She’s… she’s moved on.”
Tony reaches down and pulls the blanket over them, soft and warm and cozy.
Tony rolls onto his back, propping himself up on his elbows.
“I can’t believe they gave you that to give to me,” Tony says. “And never let you try it yourself.”
them.
His body relaxes. His cock is still hard and leaking, and the toy is still vibrating in his ass, but all his muscles go slack as he puts all his trust in the ropes holding him up, the ropes
“We aren’t – they were very clear when they gave me the instructions. I was only to give it to you if I thought I’d gotten you all the way down, and it’s worth at least three months of my contract –”
“Oh, you poor thing,” Tony says, voice gentle and warm. “I didn’t know you were having such a hard day, love, you should have said.”
, Steve thinks. His whole body is vibrating and alive and floating. His head is fuzzy, is body spent, but he kisses Tony back, tries to pour everything he’s feeling into it, and Tony matches him, Steve can
“Something I shoulda done a long time ago,” Steve admits, and he stands up, holds Tony against him and carries him to Steve’s bedroom, peppering kisses on Tony’s bare jaw and down his neck and over to his ear as he walks.
And that just won’t do. Tony moves back to the toy chest and places the paddle down beside it. He pulls out a flogger next. It’s leather, with knots throughout the leather strands for added sting. It’s Steve’s favourite.
“You okay?” Tony asks, remembering his manners even if he is having trouble with the English language.. “Sore?”
Tony double checks Steve’s Time GPS, then his own, then smiles.
Steve shifts onto his knees, manhandles Tony’s body again until he’s rolled onto his side, and then scoots closer to Tony’s head, bringing it into his lap gently.
Steve fucks him and fucks him, fast and deep, pulling Tony’s hair and basking in the cut off moans and cries coming from Tony. He’s not making noise intentionally, isn’t even aware of the noises being torn out of his throat. Steve pulls out, all the way, and groans in wonder at the way Tony’s hole gapes open for him, used and red and puffy, slick with lube. Steve loves that, how Tony’s hole clenches around air, desperate to be filled.
Tony doesn’t know why he’s done it. It’s not common knowledge that he’s a Sub – it would be nearly impossible to thrive in his business if it got out. It’s especially not common knowledge that he’s an…
“We don’t normally – normally my clients don’t want that. But you’re not like most of my clients, so I guess it makes sense.”
“Good boy,” Steve tells him, petting a hand gently down his back. That praise, that mild condescension, brings Tony down two more steps.
“Very welcome,” Tony interrupts firmly, grabbing hold of the shoulders of Steve’s soft blue sweater. “Very welcome and very overdue, now back to the kissing.”
“I know. I didn’t know what to say.”
"Don't get too excited there, Cap," Tony says, smile sharpening. "I said you'd earned a punishment, and I meant it."
Steve takes the last piece of chocolate and holds it up to Tony’s lips. Tony reaches up and plucks it from his fingers, snapping it in half roughly and holding one half out to Steve. Steve takes it with a little huff of breath, and then presses the small triangle to Tony’s lips. Tony kisses his fingers and holds his own triangle up to Steve’s mouth, and they each take the morsel at the same time.
When Steve is feeling up to it, he reaches out and takes the bottle from Tony’s hand, propping himself up on his elbow while he takes deeper drinks, swallowing until the bottle is empty.
“We won’t eat
The most interesting part of the tableau is that the large blond man’s hand is completely buried in the bespectacled man’s ass, well past the wrist and halfway to the elbow.
Tony hates it. Hates giving up that control, hates putting his body in someone’s hands. He needs the subspace, needs the quiet in his head to take over the chaos, but almost every dom has used the same methods to bring him down, and every time, Tony fights and struggles and needs to be sedated so he can come back up from the inevitable drop.
Tony moans, and Steve pushes him down, dipping Tony until his back is on the bed, his hips still raised in Steve’s lap. Steve reaches and guides Tony’s arms above his head, until his hand bumps against wrought iron. “Hold onto that,” Steve tells him, orders him. Tony slips down a little further and wraps both hands around the cool, rough metal. “Don’t let go.”
It’s long and thick, made of flesh-coloured silicone. It’s bigger than Tony, bigger than Steve. But he has faith that Steve can take it. Steve moans at the sight of it, eyes flashing up to Tony’s.
Steve pulls away, then leans in and brushes a gentle kiss across the edge of Tony’s jaw, brushing against his goatee. “I won’t tie you down again, then,” Steve says, keeping his voice low. “Not tonight. If this is going to work, if we’re going to bring you all the way down, you need to be able to trust me.”
“You’re so sensitive,” Tony murmurs against Steve’s jaw, letting his finger press just lightly against Steve’s hole. His rim twitches, then the muscles relax and soften, letting Tony dip the tip in. He doesn’t go far, it’s too dry, but Steve moans again and spreads his legs. His jeans tighten over Tony’s hand, trapping him, so Tony pulls his hand out and back, pushing at Steve’s shoulders at the same time.
“And for them, we’re only going to be gone a minute. We’ve been here six months, Steve, but we’re still going back at the same time we’d planned. We’ll arrive back in 2023 and they won’t even know I was gone.”
“Tony, can you – I want to – I want to open you up,” he says breathlessly, eyes struggling to focus on Tony’s smirking face. “With my – with my mouth. I want you to – I want you to
Clint shrugs. “There’s this guy on the STRIKE team,” Clint says with a little twist of his mouth. “Tomasson. Real big mouth. Lots to say about lots of things. Saw Cap’s book, went off about the ‘homos’.” The smirk turns into a full fledged smile, though it’s not friendly. “Tomasson’s off the team. Cap made him fly home commercial.
“Do you want both?”
“That’s it,” Tony groans, watching him. “Look at you, god.”
Tony stares at it. It’s not terribly wide on its own, but once it inflates…
Tony hesitates for a moment, then leans forward and puts the small device and his screwdriver down on the coffee table in front of them. “Yeah, I can’t do much more tonight anyway, I need to pick up some more parts tomorrow.” Tony grins and wraps his hand around the back of Steve’s neck, pulls him into a kiss and starts to lean back, laying on his back on the couch and dragging Steve along with him. Steve happily follows, plunging his tongue into Tony’s mouth with a groan.
Steve closes his lips as Tony is pulling his fingers out, the caress like a kiss, and his jaw twitches as he holds the chocolate in his mouth.
Steve obeys, and Tony moves more slowly to remove his own clothes, watching as Steve strips and poses for him, looking back over his shoulder at Tony almost coquettishly. Tony pulls a rolled towel from the stack on the nightstand, laying it out on the bed under Steve’s hips. Steve’s cock, long and thick and hard, weighs heavily under his abdomen, and Tony has the urge to stroke it. So he does. He folds his body over Steve’s, reaching between Steve’s legs to stroke at his dick and palm his balls, kissing his way down Steve’s arched spine.
+++++
“Eight,” Tony agrees, voice strained, and he cries out when Steve squeezes the bulb and the toy inside him stretches, and Tony knows his ass is probably obscenely wide. He’s so full, so open, his body nothing but Steve’s to play with. He has no responsibilities, nothing he must do, nothing but existing here, in this moment, being
He hates this. He feels like a clumsy, overeager puppy, paws too big for him. He’s never even
Tony knows he’s taking advantage of
He watches Steve float for a moment, then tugs a little at Steve’s hair and stands, moving back to the toy chest. He zeroes in on the thing he wants. They have a crop that’s a bit of a hybrid to a cane. It isn’t as vicious as a cane, but it’s still stiffer and sharper than an ordinary riding crop, and the end doesn’t have a leather pad. If he were going to use a cane on Steve, he would have started there, and their evening would have been fast and brutal and wild. But that’s not where Steve needs to be tonight. Steve needs to be in that place where he has no cares, no worries, no thoughts beyond the sting of his skin and his submission to Tony.
Tony can’t help himself, and lets the fingers of his other hand caress the stretched rim, along the outside of the dildo, as Steve moans. Steve’s chest sinks to the bed, and he turns his head on the pillow to look up at Tony. His lips are slick and puffed, his cheeks pink, his eyes half closed and pupils blown wide. His cock is still hard, and the rim of his hole is soft, relaxed, open.
Everything about the next little while is going to hurt, in all the ways Steve loves, but he doesn’t always want
complaining.
with a client. He is a consummate professional. He’s accredited, he’s certified, he’s
His hand, of its own volition, starts at Stark’s ankle and slides up, slick with oil. Up his shin, up his thigh, up to his hip and under the towel, and Stark makes a punched-out sound of arousal.
Tony leans over him, pressing kisses to Steve’s shoulders and back and the back of his neck, shallowly pushing that single finger in and out of Steve’s body.
Tony moans, the sound punched out of him like a bullet, as Steve twists his fingers and starts rubbing the pads of them over Tony’s prostate.
, Steve’s whole body tenses and braces, holding completely still for a few moments. Then he’s exploding to his feet, dropping his pencil and sketchbook, stripping off his shirt even as he steps forward within touching distance of Tony.
And then, like the flip of a switch and like a feather floating to the floor, Tony’s eyes flutter closed, his ears rush with the sound of his own blood in his veins, and he tips over into the soft, wonderful surrender of subspace.
“You’ll count to 10 for me,” Steve tells him. Instructs him. “When you count, I’ll pump it once. We’ll go at your speed, but we’re going to go all the way to 10.”
Tony blinks and looks around, locating the small testing unit to the side of the desk. He places his palm in it, feeling the whir of the apparatus scanning his ID, and the sharp poke of the needle in his index finger. It’s followed almost immediately by an icy cold antiseptic spray, taking the sting away and healing the puncture instantly.
Tony smiles slightly at him. “Hey, I aim to please.”
Tony moans, pushes closer until their hips touch, until their erections are pressed up against one another, until every grind and shift of his hips is a tease to Steve’s cock.
“Sage, poultry seasoning, salt and pepper.” Steve finishes dusting the turkey with the herbs and seasonings, then tears a little strip of tin foil off the roll and rips it into four pieces. “Then this goes over the tips of the wings and the ends of the drumsticks, to keep them from burning.”
Steve walks into the boardroom with his back straight and his shoulders back. It's not his first meeting with the World Security Council – these days it seems like he's having to talk to them every couple of weeks.
It still makes the back of his neck twitch, knowing he’s going to walk into this building and pay for a dom who, for all intents and purposes, is a slave.
“Oh, my good boy,” Tony says, grabbing hold of the back of Steve’s head and pushing his cock in, deep as he can, and Steve chokes a little on it, but his lips stay slack and he pushes himself forward to take Tony further, all the way into his throat, until his nose is pressed against Tony’s pubic hair. Tony holds them there, letting his cock choke Steve for a long moment, before he pulls back and lets Steve take a deep, gasping breath. His whole chest heaves with it, expanding and lifting off the spanking bench, muscles pulling in his arms.
The break-up is all over the gossip rags, but it’s amicable. They both go off to lick their wounds in peace, but they’re talking like friends again within a week. They’re fighting over contract signatures and deadlines again in five.
Tony is fucking him harder, grinding and thrusting wildly, which means he's about to come, too. Steve barely has his wits about him, but he does what he can to help Tony along, wrapping one leg back around Tony's hips to pull him in, still keening and shuddering through the orgasm that seems to last forever.
It's from Tony.
Steve moans a little at the stretch, but they've been together long enough that Tony knows what he can take. Knows that Steve likes a little bit of burn when Tony is opening him up.
Steve moves down the table some, then climbs up onto it. He kneels straddling Tony’s legs, leaning forward to run his hands up Tony’s spine. The change in position drags Tony back up a step, and he feels his body tighten, the hard-won drift into subspace interrupted.
Steve can’t disobey at this point. He pulls back and then thrusts forward, hard, moaning as his cock is enveloped in the tight, slick heat of Stark’s body.
"Aw, c'mon, Sir. Why you gotta throw me under the bus like that?"
Tony snorts, and Steve realizes he must have said that out loud.
Immediately, Tony takes a few sweet, juicy grapes from the bowl he’d also set out, and holds one out against Steve’s lips. Steve’s eyes are starting to clear, just a little, and there’s a soft, happy smile on his lips as he takes the treat between his teeth and bites down, before sucking the whole fruit into his mouth and starting to chew.
“I like watching you,” Tony admits. “The way you get lost in pleasure. Watching you come is one of the highlights of my day, Cap, it’s not exactly a hardship.”
And Steve’s not, you know,
Tony clears his throat. “I suppose you have, you know. Other clients,” he says, waving his hand vaguely at the centre of the room. He gets to his feet, feeling awkward and strangely sad.
"You're right," Steve says, not trying to sound apologetic at all. "I'm real sorry."
"All present and accounted for," Hill says, hands flashing and sliding over her tablet. "Shall we get started?"
starving, aren’t you?”
Then he reaches for the bedside table, and picks up his phone.
Tony smiles down at him, and spreads his fingers out in the biggest loop, so Steve can see how big around it is. “This goes around your throat – it’s not tight, it won’t choke you. Do you have a problem with having something like this around your throat?”
Tony swallows, breathes in, then speaks on a slow exhale: “One.”
“God, Tony, god, fuck,” he swears, out of breath and slurred, and Tony doesn’t stop fucking him with the toy through it, watches greedily as Steve’s hole clenches and tightens around the silicone.
particular hurt.
is entirely different from the Blue-Foam Face. You must be starving.”
“Oh, god,” Steve gasps, luxuriating in the stretch and burn of it. “Oh, god, yeah.”
Steve blinks. Had Tony Stark, playboy-billionaire-genius-philanthropist, been
A sudden sharp sensation in his nipples – it’s Tony, pinching and rolling them – makes him cry out, head snapping back and pushing his chin into Tony’s perineum. That makes Tony buck down, bend at the waist, and then his mouth is on Steve’s cock.
Steve whispers as he works – nonsensical praise, telling Tony how good he is, how sweet and beautiful and gorgeous he is like this. How he’d been so, so good for Steve. Tony basks in it, his head lolling as Steve sits up against the headboard, arranging Tony to sit with his back against Steve’s chest, hips situated between Steve’s spread legs.
“So good, Steve,” Tony says, still soft and open and guileless. “I feel good.”
“So we know he left SHIELD in 1989,” Steve says from the other side of the diner booth. Tony is working his way through a cheeseburger. Steve’s got some cash in his pocket, but they hadn’t expected to go back all the way to 1970, so all they can do is hope that, when they pay, no one looks too closely at the dates on the money until they’re well on their way.
But today's meeting agenda is a long one, and he knows he's going to be tired by the time it's over. So he straightens his spine and he walks into the room as though he owns the place, just like Tony's taught him.
“Look at you,” Steve sighs, and this time Tony can tell he’s talking to himself, that the comment isn’t really meant for Tony at all. Steve angles the dildo down and pulls it out, thrusting it back in slowly, repeating the motion over and over as the cool, smooth surface of it drags over Tony’s prostate.
"Smartass," Steve says – or, he tries to say. It comes out muffled around the lace panties, and sounds more like "
There’s another man standing beside him – the man is huge, towering and bulging with muscles. He’s naked as well, with a long, thick cock jutting out, hard and clearly interested in the proceedings. He’s blonde, with one blue eye and one brown – and Tony would bet dollars to doughnuts one of those eyes is an augment – with his blond hair shorn short in the back and a little longer on top.
It startles a laugh out of him, which only makes his mouth open wider, and allows Tony to ball the panties up into his mouth.
But that seems like a waste, really. Maybe next time.
“Wow,” Tony says on a breathy chuckle. “Wow.”
There's a slick finger between his legs now, as Tony works lube over and into his puckered entrance. Steve groans, tries to relax, and flicks his eyes back and forth from the pictures on the ceiling and the sight in front of him – Tony focused on Steve's body, entranced as he works first one, then two slick fingers into Steve's hole.
Steve cries out through his clenched teeth, the sound garbled around the leather belt in his mouth.
Steve is beautiful. His lips are pink and soft, his cheeks are flushed with exertion and satisfaction. His dark eyelashes sweep across his cheeks when he blinks. “Tony,” he says, taking another deep breath. “I don’t know if this is the right time. I don’t know if this is the right thing to say. All I know is that when I’m with you, I feel like everything is
sleep with you?”
Steve’s other hand is holding Tony’s legs wide, keeping him exposed and on display while his fingers fuck into him. Tony moans, his cock getting impossibly hard even as he sinks down further into subspace, breath catching in his throat every time Steve slides his fingers in.
But he can’t wait much longer to sort out the morality of it. He’s past the point of need by now, and he can’t bring himself to try another matching app, to risk what private or desperate doms need to do to him to bring him down, to get what
Tony looks up at him when Steve is laughing, and his face changes – it softens around the edges, and Tony’s eyes do that thing they do, where they’re huge and beautiful and Steve can’t stop staring at him. Tony’s smile fades, but he’s not frowning, he’s just looking up at Steve, and Steve is looking down and he’s not laughing anymore, either.
.’ It said ‘
“Yeah?”
Steve reaches over and picks up a bottle of water, unscrewing the cap and holding it up so Tony can take small sips. A little bit drips down Tony’s chin, but then he seems to realize how thirsty he is, and he begins swallowing properly. Steve takes the bottle away after a few sips, then reaches over for the little warmer beside their bed and pulls out a warm, damp cloth. He uses it to first wipe the drool and tears from Tony’s face, then down his chest, and then over his belly where there’s come keeping his sweet little chemise stuck to his skin. Tony moans, spreading his legs a little, but Steve doesn’t dip the cloth down under his balls to his ass. He likes that Tony is messy and wet with his come.
“Um,” Tony says, blinking himself back to full awareness. File. Right. The thought of tech right now is comforting, but the idea of being lulled into a false sense of security scares him. “Surprise, I guess?”
Tony’s awareness leaps up a few steps, and he opens his eyes, blinking owlishly up at Steve from his lap. “You’ve never had it?”
Tony had forgotten about it, honestly. The silver half mask on his face, concealing and obscuring his identity.
“Seven,” Tony whispers, and the stretch is almost too much, it burns with intensity, and Tony’s lungs are tight, his head dizzy. But he sinks further down, moaning as Steve goes back to stroking his cock.
“Tony, Tony, god, Tony, please, fuck,” Steve is gasping, nonsensical and frantic. Tony moves to his side so he can see Steve’s face – his cheeks are red, damp with sweat and tears, his eyes closed tight as he cries, as he comes, and Tony keeps hitting him through it.
“What?” he asks, blinking. He doesn’t move to pull the condom off, just steps back and flusters in Tony’s direction.
“Yep,” Tony says, using his thumb to wipe a little bit of special sauce off his lower lip. Steve watches his hand.
. He can use his hands, he can spread Tony’s cheeks apart for his mouth, do a proper job of it, but he’ll still be tied down, there for Tony’s pleasure, only able to move if Tony decides he can.
+++++
“Okay, but I’m getting more tacos,” Tony says, turning away and jogging back over to the taco vendor. He hands him another bill, but this time Steve’s too far away to see how much it’s for. Certainly more than the tacos are priced at. The vendor grins and hands him a bag with half a dozen taco boxes in it, and Tony jogs back toward him.
. Steve thrusts in again, deep as he can go, then pulls out and watches Tony’s asshole flutter, empty and wanting without a cock in it.
this, he’d thought he was
He wipes a hand down his face roughly.
The door opens behind him, and he looks up in the mirror to meet Tony’s eyes. Tony is grinning, and he reaches out and grabs Steve by the sleeve of his suit.
Tony is trembling, hands fisted and arms straining slightly against the cuffs over his wrists. “Yellow,” he croaks, because he’s not ready to safeword out but he
things. He notices that whenever he initiates any kind of touch with Tony, Tony turns it immediately into sex.
And he’ll be damned if he lets this one go by him again. Tony had nearly died in space, they’d both nearly died countless times, they’d been through so much. And Steve is tired of not taking chances.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Steve says, but he doesn’t sound at all sorry.
Steve doesn’t like the emptiness of it, but he knows he’ll feel full again, feel Tony inside him in just a minute.
Tony had used his considerable clout to get them last minute reservations. Steve isn’t stupid, he knows this restaurant is impossible to get into. But apparently, when you’re Tony Stark, they roll out the red carpet for you. Just like everywhere else.
“Let me,” Steve says, then manhandles Tony’s body over so he’s laying on his back. Tony lets his limbs flop, lets Steve move him and adjust him and place him, and it’s like a warm blanket of pleasure over his subspace.
Tony cries out, gasps, “Five,” and grips the wrought iron bed frame tightly, listening to it creak as Steve lets go and squeezes the bulb, the rubber cock inside him inflates further and Tony feels his head swim, feels the drop take him lower still, and whispers, “Six.”
. Tony’s been dating the man long enough to recognize that for the huge deal it is, because Steve
Not that it had faded, of course.
“Guess we do,” Steve agrees, kissing him back.
be back.
to open his mouth wider, relax his throat, feel Tony’s cock just push inside it. It’s
Later, when they’re exhausted and he’s seen space and terror and the end of all things, and Loki is wrapped up in some fancy science-magic handcuffs, and Rogers is clapping him on the back and giving him that soft, slightly-impressed look, Tony starts to think maybe he’s the one who’d be destroyed.
Tony takes a deep breath and pulls the heavy door open, slipping inside into a dark, rich hallway.
Tony looks him over, eyes lingering on Steve's erection, and Steve shifts his hips invitingly.
Tony meets his eyes, and has to catch his breath.
Tony taps on the first photo, the one Steve
“I just lost a bet with Tasha, that’s all,” Clint says, sliding his empty plate into the dishwasher and heading out of the kitchen. “Dammit.”
the sinful, sensual moan Tony would be making.
Tony grins at him, thinking of all the possibilities. The idea of a Steve Rogers who can go all night isn’t exactly a hardship.
“That’s so good, baby,” Tony tells him, petting Steve’s hair. “You’re so good.”
Tony to come first.
They chat while Tony works. Steve is flipping through a library book (and Tony had complained, had explained e-readers, had informed Steve that JARVIS can access literally any book ever written – and not just the ones that have been published – but Steve says he likes the
“Do you want a plug?”
“You never said,” Tony gasps, after a moment. “You never said anything.”
The pads that Steve’s calves are attached to are on adjustable braces, so Tony can spread them out to the side to widen Steve’s stance, or push the front ones forward if he wants Steve’s arms stretched up over his head.
He and Pepper discuss the end of their relationship kindly. No, there isn’t anyone else. No, she’s not upset he almost gave his life in the fight. No, neither of them are sleeping at night after the battle – her, because the back of her eyelids are playing constant footage of Iron Man arcing up into a wormhole with a nuke on his back; him, because the back of his eyelids are playing constant footage of the Chitauri fleet, the nuclear explosion in space, and
He gives his head a shake and puts his head back in the game.
“Oh, no,” Steve moans, his knees turning to jelly. “Oh my god, I’m going to lose my license for this, and apparently the whole internet thinks I’m a mobile rub-and-tug service and I had sex with a
Tony steps forward and pushes the head of his cock into Steve’s mouth, and Steve sucks gently, before pulling back slightly to kiss it. He tilts his head, pressing loving, open-mouthed kisses around the head, halfway up the sides, as much as he can reach when he can’t push forward. Tony shifts forward a few more inches so Steve can kiss down to the base, nibbling and licking along the side of Tony’s cock. Tony sighs happily – Steve is very good with his mouth, and when he’s loose and easy like this, his lips and tongue are hot and wet and soft and heavenly.
Tony blinks at him. “What are you doing?”
The meeting takes another few hours. Of course, Tony doesn't wait that long to be a pain in Steve's ass. About 20 minutes after he'd turned his phone off, Clint gets a text message. He opens it up and smirks, turning the screen to show it to Steve.
Subconsciously, Tony finds himself matching Steve’s breath, feels himself relaxing into the table, into the heavy, warm weight of Steve’s body.
Tony is rocking above him, balls resting taut under Steve’s chin. Tony is tight, so tight, but hot and smooth around Steve’s tongue, so he keeps licking and sucking and working. He knows his hands are clenching and releasing on the meat of Tony’s ass, the top of his thighs, and he wonders if he’ll leave bruises. He hopes so, he wants to see marks on Tony’s skin, marks that prove that not only had Steve gotten to touch him, he’d gotten to
He lets Steve suck him a little while longer, and then he shimmies down Steve's body, crawling off him and down between his legs. Before he does anything else, though, he picks up the little lace panties he'd discarded beside Steve's body, crumples them back up and stuffs them back into Steve's mouth with a devilish grin.
"We're all here, then?" asks the hologram of Councilwoman Hawley.
“That’s beautiful,” Steve murmurs. “That’s so beautiful, the way you go down for me, Tony.”
Steve grins, finishing washing his hands under the faucet and drying them on the towel he has draped over his shoulder.
“You what now?” Tony says, but his eyes are starting to crinkle at the outsides.
Tony groans, grinding his hips down, and Steve squeezes harder. Tony’s ass is gorgeous, and Steve had never thought he’d get to feel the perfection of it in his hands. He can feel his own cock harden more in his jeans.
Steve whimpers, taking a deep breath in as his hole clenches around the dildo again. “I want you to do it. I want you to fuck me with the toy still…”
Steve shivers, eyes glazing over in anticipation.
Tony moans, but doesn’t answer. It hadn’t exactly been a question.
“That’s it,” Steve murmurs against the flesh of Tony’s ass cheek, his breath warm and damp against the skin. “That’s so good, Tony.”
“I’ve got vaseline in the drawer,” Steve gasps, hands clenching on Tony’s ass again.
Steve whines at the praise, but he still can't seem to make his mouth form words. He moans a little, hoping Tony will understand his gratitude, his love.
"Good, honey, that's good," Tony pants, finally stopping but not pulling out yet. Steve can feel Tony's come dribbling down the crack of his ass, and it makes him shiver again. "You're so good for me."
“Jerk me off, fuck, please,” Stark –
“Well, then,” Tony smirks. He leans back a little and presses another kiss to Steve’s lips. “Guess we know where we stand.”
“Yeah? Tony asks, but he pulls his hand away and his fingers out. Steve pushes up onto all fours, looks over his shoulder at Tony. Tony’s eyes are heavy lidded with desire, dark, and his lips are wet and pink. His cock is hard, and Steve’s own hangs heavy and full between his thighs.
He stares over at his bag on the sofa, where his work phone is. He’d not checked his messages before this appointment, but the display had said he had 18 new – oh
But it can wait. They’ve got time.
Steve slides down the table, pressing warm kisses against the backs of Tony’s thighs and knees and calves as he goes, until Tony is alone on the padded surface again.
Oh. He’d been saying that out loud. He blushes, and Tony strokes a thumb over his cheek, still smiling.
Steve stills, panting heavily.
“Steve?” Tony asks, eyes flickering in the low light from the television. The sound of it, the audience laughter, fades away.
“It’s a little Italian place,” he’s saying, while Tony half-listens. “Nat said it’s real nice. Good food. Not, I guess, not as fancy as you’re used to, but she said it would be nice anyway.”
They stay that way for a long time, Tony working his cock into Steve’s body, spreading Steve’s hole wide around himself. Steve feels so good, he’s loving having Tony inside him, but he wants to move, wants to take Tony in deeper, wants to see Tony’s face consumed with pleasure.
, gets some relief.
“Oh. Okay, I mean, if you want,” Tony says, and he smiles but it’s not quite in his eyes again.
Tony stands in front of him, hand wrapped around his own cock, pumping it slowly.
“And what are you putting on it now?” Tony asks, coming closer and leaning over the counter to watch.
Steve blinks at him. “That’s not what I was doing. Meaningless flattery, or whatever. I really do think that,” he says. “That you’re beautiful. You are. You’re lovely. That I got to do a scene with you is just…”
Even as he says the words, he's pulling his fingers free and replacing them with the blunt head of his cock, pushing in steady and fast.
He notices the reactor’s gone right away, and he stares at Tony’s chest for a long moment after he divvies up the burgers
It takes him slowly, the orgasm, but it rushes over him unstoppably. His balls draw up, feel tight and sensitive where they’re slapping down against Tony’s belly. His cock is slippery with precome, and his whole body starts to shake as he gets closer and closer.
Steve rolls his eyes. “I know your assistant has your entire calendar downloaded onto every piece of technology in this tower, and I’ve even got a paper copy in my suite in case of an emergency,” he says. “You definitely know it’s Christmas Eve.”
“The file has Zola, Hydra, even Barnes,” Tony answers. “All of it. Who knows, maybe it’ll save this timeline all the pain and horror of ours.”
Tony pants for breath, his whole body floating even as his mind sinks further down. “Ten,” he whispers, and Tony moans as Steve squeezes the bulb again, as he feels the stretch of the toy inside him. It’s depraved, it’s too much, it’s perfect, and Steve pushes the heel of his hand against the dildo again, fucking it into Tony. Tony’s body shivers with each press, oversensitive and groaning, mindless with pleasure. He sinks down, down, down.
“Right, the sex. I thought you were just, I don’t know, going with the flow?”
Steve is so impressed by him, he keeps trying to say it aloud, but every time he opens his mouth to talk about his feelings, as abstract as they are, Tony changes the subject or kisses him quiet.
“Please,” Steve whines, swallowing hard. “Please, Tony.”
. The only person who isn’t comfortable at this table is Steve.
And, fuck, Steve can’t resist. He pushes forward, using one hand to aim his cock at Stark’s gorgeous hole, and they both cry out as his cock stretches Stark’s hole, pushes forward and seats itself in his tight heat.
“Oh,” Tony says, staring at Steve’s expression. “Oh, no, I messed this up, didn’t I?” he says.
Tony does as he’s told, walking through the door as Coulson reaches back to hold it open, then following Coulson up a set of stairs. As they make their way up, the sounds from the second floor start to make their way down.
Tony bursts out laughing, and Steve feels flooded with relief. “Oh my god, I always forget what a troll you are,” he says, dropping his forehead to Steve’s chest as he laughs.
“I’m not even gonna ask why you have vaseline in your drawer,” Tony says, still laughing.
, which gives him a shiver of nerves and want and confusion all at the same time.
“Do I snore?” Steve asks one morning over oatmeal, keeping his voice light.
Steve’s mouth waters, and he blinks up at Tony slowly, licking his lips.
“God, I needed that,” Tony moans, standing up and reaching his arms over his head, stretching.
“Shut up, Tony,” Steve says, catching his mouth in another kiss as he pushes at Tony’s shirt.
“Well, sure,” Tony says with a grin. It doesn’t quite reach his eyes, though. “We’ve got all the time in the world.”
“Still kinda miss it, though.” Steve drops his eyes to his burger as he speaks. “It was pretty.”
He feels a bead of sweat drip down his neck from his hairline, still a little shocked he can feel anything other than the torturously insufficient pleasure from Steve’s little toys.
“Okay! Okay, sorry, I’m just… a little upside down right now,” Tony says, pushing himself up and away into a sitting position. He pulls his shirt off, and Steve glances down. He likes what he sees – the scars from Tony’s arc reactor are faint, but he can still see them. Otherwise, Tony may not be the ‘peak of human perfection’, but Steve still feels a swell of arousal low in his belly.
moment.
Tony grins down at him, then crawls over to the side of the bed so he can root around in the drawer for condoms and lube.
He sighs as Steve’s hand strokes him, using Tony’s own pre-come to slick the way, slow and steady. “Two,” Tony says.
, and Steve is crying, really struggling now, gasping “green, green, green, please, green,” so Tony drops the crop, reaches for the lube and squirts it viciously over Steve’s hole. He squirts it on his cock, the cold temperature shocking him but making him needy at the same time, and he shoves a finger in Steve’s hole to work the lube in. He’s tight and hot like a furnace, but there’s no real resistance, so Tony works the lube over himself and then lines his cock up and presses in.
, thought it wouldn’t be like all those other times, thought maybe, just maybe, this time he could get what he needed without having to give up pieces of himself.
+++++
Tony feels his cheeks flush, but he’s still too sated and down to worry about anything as trivial as embarrassment. “I miss chocolate,” he admits after he’s – slowly – chewed and swallowed the sweet treat down.
“I need –” Steve breaks off, sounding ruined. “I need to…”
“Yeah,” Steve decides, squeezing Tony’s a little. “I’m definitely gonna lick my come out of you first.”
“Don’t move,” Steve commands him, and Tony whimpers. He hadn’t been, at all, but the order still has the same effect on him, and he lets out a deep breath as Steve’s hands trail up to his shoulders and start working his neck and shoulders and upper back.
Steve thrills a little at the endearment, rolling onto his belly as instructed. That little bit of pressure on his dick feels good, and he spreads his legs.
“Christmas dinner,” Steve says. “Turkey’ll need about 5 hours in the oven, it’s a big one and I like to do it slow, but you can help me with the sides.”
“I love you, too,” he says, the words leaving his throat without permission. “God, Steve. Of course I love you. Now, can we never speak of this again?”
Tony’s hands reach while they kiss, pushing Steve’s wrists apart toward the corners of the bed. Steve shifts restlessly as Tony wraps the cuffs around his wrists, pulling them tight so that he doesn’t have any slack to move with. Steve can already feel the warm, easy lightness creeping back in. Tony slides down his body, kissing him all along the way. Steve moans and writhes, lost in the sensation of Tony’s lips and teeth and tongue all over his body.
Steve wants to fall through a hole in the floor – everyone has to know by now that the photos Tony is sending him aren't something for the general public to consume. He's going out of his way to wind Steve up.
The man’s eyes are beautiful. Blue and clear and bright, framed by dark, impossibly long eyelashes.  He either doesn’t have any visible augmentations, or he was hand-crafted piece by piece and
This time, they roll as they’re making their way back to lying on the bed, mouths moving together, and then Tony is over him, kissing him.
Steve pushes the dildo in again, but doesn’t pull it out this time, leaving it inside Tony’s body.
Steve moans, thrusting forward hard. “God, Tony, god,” he moans, setting a punishing rhythm of thrusts forward. The sound of his hips slapping against the plump full cheeks of Stark’s – Tony’s – ass fills the room.
? “Stop me if you don’t want this,” he decides.
He has to use his free hand to steady himself, to keep his cock in line because Steve is so
“But sometimes, Tony, you’re a real dummy.”
Steve gently massages Tony’s arms and legs as he unbinds him, checking for abrasions and any facial expressions that would indicate pain or discomfort. But, no – Tony is floating in subspace, completely relaxed.
Steve blinks, turning the phrase over in his mind. The ad is new, he’d just put it online yesterday, and Tony had been the first client to call for an appointment – one which he’d asked for the same day. Steve needs the money, of course, so he’d shuffled some things around and fit him in, and… oh, god. Now that he thinks about it, the ad
Steve somehow blushes harder. “Yeah. It’s kind of… It’s a lot to deal with, is all I’m saying. And I just want you to know that just because I’m, you know, still… I just don’t want you to think you did something wrong.”
As though he can tell, and as though he’d been waiting for it, Steve slides down Tony’s body, down the table, spreads Tony’s legs and lays on his stomach between them.
"I'm thinking nothing says 'sorry' like a good blowjob, Steve, don't you agree?"
moan again, hips jerking uselessly into the air, even though there’s nothing left.
to him, without all the bullshit – even though they do still argue – is wonderful, goes one step further to deepening Steve’s feelings.
“I’ve heard it’s good,” Steve agrees, breaking off another small square to hold out for Tony.
The most interesting thing about the scene to Tony, though, is that the sub has a full cybernetic arm. Might even be a Stark model, based on the finger articulation as the man jerks off a long, hard cock to his left. There’s a decal on it, a big red star, and yet the man hadn’t bothered to get a vanity sleeve or any other kind of camouflage. It’s expensive – Tony knows intimately how costly augments and cybernetic enhancements can run, and he has a pretty good idea why this man, this sub, is here at the facility. What he’d traded his freedom for.
“Tony,” he says, looking down into Tony’s face. His expression is so open and trusting, and Tony can see every emotion there. Want, desire, trust. Love, maybe. Tony tries to make his own expression just as open, just as honest.
“Are you close?” Steve asks again, picking up the pace a little. He’s still slick, and he’s satisfied, but he wants to feel Tony come, wants to make Tony feel as good as he does right now.
Steve gently feeds him a segment at a time, stroking Tony’s face and petting his hair. When Tony’s had enough, Steve gives him a little more water, then continues to pet him and kiss his temple, murmuring in Tony’s ear how good and sweet and beautiful he is.
Tony blinks at him. “We only just barely hit first base yet and you’re already trying to tell me not to feel bad about my performance?”
“Good,” Tony says with a smile, leaning forward to press a pecking kiss to Steve’s mouth. “It was really good for me, too.”
Steve groans, low in his throat, and tugs at the cuffs.
what Steve likes in a guy.
His eyes go wide, then his eyelashes flutter closed. A soft sound creaks out of his throat, and Tony can’t help but feel his cock twitch a little at it. He’s spent, couldn’t get it up again if he tried, but the sound Steve makes is pure sex.
there if he didn’t have, you know, an interest. Even a little one. It’s a big tower. If he’s lonely he could go hang out with Nat or Clint or Thor or even Banner. Or anyone at SHIELD, the guy’s probably got more friends. But he’s not anywhere else. And he doesn’t take well to homophobes. So.
+++++
for him is beyond intoxicating, and then the head of Tony’s cock is in, sliding along the slick silicone and into the wet, grasping heat of Steve.
Steve swallows hard, but his cock jumps a little, and he nods, eyes locked on the rubber toy.
“Yes.”
He whines with pleasure, legs falling open and toes curling under as he gasps for breath.
Another night, when they’re basking in the afterglow of particularly good sex, Steve is nuzzling at Tony’s chin.
“Say my name,” Stark groans, pumping his hips back, fucking himself on Steve’s dick.
“You wanna?” Tony asks, casual, like he doesn’t know the answer.
“Do what?” Steve asks, brows furrowing.
He can stand, so he does, letting Tony help him to his feet. He uses his physical freedom to pull Tony into another kiss, wrapping his arms around Tony’s back to hold him close. Tony’s skin is so warm, smooth. He wants to touch him everywhere.
Steve feels a shiver of desire go through him, and he can't do much more than nod.
Steve steps back, staring at the ruined, sloppy hole in front of him, at his own come dripping out of Tony’s body. He moans a little, quiet, then moves back over in front of Tony. He drops to his knees and stares into Tony’s eyes, watching the tears fall, staring at the way Tony’s face is slack with pleasure and subspace. Tony looks completely undone, utterly wrecked. His eyes are wide and glassy. His cheeks are red, his lips pink and wet, still stretched wide by the gag. Steve has the urge to fuck his mouth again, and he’s pretty sure Tony wouldn’t object, but he’d also come pretty hard so he’s satisfied for now.
Steve’s hands are slick with oil, and he’d been staring at the plump fullness of Stark’s ass for 40 minutes and he’s hard enough to cut glass.
“Good, isn’t it?” he says, savouring his own piece.
“God, Steve, you drive me crazy,” Tony grunts, watching the dildo and his cock disappear into Steve’s stretched hole. Steve’s cock is still hard, still bouncing and slapping between Tony’s belly and Steve’s.
He puts the flogger in the chest, and starts unbuttoning his shirt as he walks around to the front of the bench. He strips the rest of his clothes off while standing in front of Steve, letting him watch as Tony bares himself, as he pulls his straining cock out and drops his pants. When Tony is naked, he reaches out with both hands to take the belt from Steve’s mouth. It’s wet with drool, and there are two perfect half-moons bitten into it from Steve’s perfect teeth.
Tony is commenting on the photos as he flips through, too. "And here's me showing you the dick you can't suck because you're in a meeting… oh, and here's me showing you my ass, even though you can't have it because you're – yep, you guessed it – in a meeting…"
“Probably for the best,” Steve tells him, leaving the lid on the nightstand and climbing back over onto his own side of the bed with the jar in hand. He holds it out for Tony with a grin, diving in for another quick kiss.
The side of Coulson’s mouth kicks up in a small smile. “We offer many different kinds of demonstrations,” he says.
The seventh time his phone buzzes in his pocket, Fury glares at him.
Tony stares at Steve’s hole, the way the skin is stretched around the dildo and his finger. He stares at Steve’s arched back, his trembling thighs, his flushed skin. The back of his hairline, along his neck, is slightly damp with sweat. He’s mewling and panting and pushing back onto the toy, onto Tony’s finger.
Steve’s cheeks flush pink and he looks up from the counter. He holds his hands up in front of him, palms facing in, like a surgeon who’s just washed his hands. In front of him, on the counter, is a big naked bird.
“Sorry, sorry, I’m just – it’s been a long week, and I’m tired, you know? I managed to get that camera into Pym’s lab today so –”
so Steve takes full advantage of that and finds himself in Tony’s bed more evenings than not) before Tony starts to get… creative.
to be thinking about right now and all he can think about for a second is how badly he wants to
“Colour, Steve. Green, yellow, red.”
“What is this to you?” he asks, eyes flicking up to meet Tony’s, to gauge his reaction. “This thing between us?”
until the end of the meeting.
“Next time,” Tony murmurs through a yawn, “tell me you need it before it’s so late.”
Steve takes a deep breath. “I shouldn’t,” he says, but Tony can tell he’s won.
It’s not large, but with only the rimming, he doesn’t feel prepared past his rim, and he feels a fullness that brings him down a few more steps into subspace.
“What’s that?” Tony asks, looking up from his notebook full of math.
“You sensitive here?” Tony asks him, fingers moving a little faster, putting on a little more pressure. “Feel okay?”
“Nope,” Clint agrees. “But you know that look he gets on his face? Where if you argue with him, not only will he be disappointed in you for the rest of his time on earth, but he’ll also probably make you regret it?”
This one, being government run, is in a nice part of the city, but there are other parts of the city that aren’t so good. The world is a terrifying place, and beyond the walls there are nightmares Tony can’t even fathom – poverty and death and despair. He’s one of the lucky ones, with his tower and his wealth and his relative safety. But the people down here on the ground, struggling to survive day to day… for them, everything is harsh and cruel and difficult. For most of them, signing up to work in a brothel is the only way to get off the streets, to get regular meals and be safe in the dark, to pay their medical costs and insurmountable debts.
He strokes Steve’s cock, eyes drinking in the desperate way Steve’s hips slam down, the way Steve fucks himself with two cocks, leaning forward and bracing his hands on Tony’s shoulders.
"Quiet, you," Tony says, fingers dancing up Steve's ribs, managing to find every ticklish spot there.
“I know. I’m just… antsy. I don’t like not being able to help.”
,” Steve says, cock throbbing with need. “Tony,
Steve leans back, pulls up, and stares at Tony in disbelief. “What?”
“What?”
Steve opens his mouth and sucks. The angle isn't good for any kind of depth, but Steve does what he can – he sucks and licks and opens his jaw, tilts his head down, trying to give Tony as much of his mouth as he can.
Tony nods, not at all doubting Cage’s ability to remove him, or anyone else, from the premises. The guy is huge. The thought gives him a brief respite from hysterically wondering how uncomfortable the strange dom he’s about to see is going to feel trying to fulfill his requests. He tries to shake it off – he’d filled out the questionnaire, filled in the special request form. Whoever he’s booked in with already knows the deal.
"Oh, don't worry, it gets better," Tony says with a knowing smirk. The next voicemail plays.
“In, please, in,” Stark moans, rocking back as he spreads his legs further apart.
Through the meeting, Tony texts Natasha, Fury, and even Hill, all with messages along the same lines: Tell Steve to look at the pictures I'm sending him.
“Tony,” Steve sighs, a breathy moan, and his cock pulses again even though it’s soft. Tony lets his fingers thrust in a few times, then retreats – regretfully – as Steve shivers with oversensitivity.
Steve feels less like he’s floating now, though he still feels warm and loose.
He doesn’t break the kiss as he swings his leg over, climbs up and straddles Tony’s hips. Once he’s there, he does pull up and straighten his back, and then he grabs the jar of slick and puts some on his fingers, reaching behind his hips to take hold of Tony’s cock, spreading it over the hard flesh.
apologizes.
“Doin’ okay, honey?” Tony asks against his skin. “Need me to slow down?”
. How could Bucky have let him -
“Baby-me is the cutest baby you’ll never see in your lifetime.”
“God, Tony, you’re the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen,” Steve rumbles, pressing the heel of his palm against the base of the dildo and rocking it in a few times, the pressure against Tony’s prostate making him let out a staccato moan. Steve seems content to tease him with the dildo for long moments, his other hand stroking idly up and down Tony’s cock.
The first time Tony Stark had seen Steve Rogers’ ass, swaddled up in slightly-too-baggy blue uniform pants, he’d wanted to ruin it. Captain America’s pants, made of lightly armoured Kevlar-hybrid fabric, are thick, heavy, and loose enough to give Rogers the opportunity to move freely. And move freely, he does – as they’re fighting the Chitauri, he twirls and kicks and flips in the air, a study of grace and momentum and power.
those things. I don’t want to feel like I’m with a stranger, I want to do this with
The kiss takes a while to slow down, to cool off, and when it naturally ends, when they’ve caught their breath, Tony reaches up and pulls at Steve’s wrist cuffs, slides the buckles undone and then massages his wrists as he frees them. Steve shivers, sated but needful, then wraps his arms around Tony’s back and kisses him, kisses him until they’re both breathless again.
It’s gorgeous, and Tony wants to burn it into his memory.
“Look at you,” Tony whispers, and Steve realizes he’d been moving, writhing a little in place.
She’s standing directly in front of the man, letting him suck and nuzzle at the fake cock while she coos at him, sometimes reaching down to flick the cane over the purple, bruised flesh of his ass.
like this. His toned muscles, his smooth skin, the way the light of the reactor highlights the dips and valleys of his body. His hips are turned just enough to give Steve a hint of his gorgeous, perfectly rounded rear.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, sounding sad. “I’m sorry I scared you. Come on, let’s go sit down.” He pulls Tony off the table and half-carries him over to the bed, sitting down and pulling Tony into his lap, cuddling him close. He pets his hands over Tony’s back and shoulders, nuzzles his face into Tony’s hair.
‘Indentured servant’, technically, is the term they prefer to use. And the people who work here, who are kept here – they’d sold themselves into that arrangement. Tony knows that, that they had technically made a choice.
He hits the 'ignore' button and slips the phone back in his pocket. After a moment he thinks better of it and pulls it back out, powering the phone down and putting it away.
your calendar.”
“Look at you, darling,” Tony croons, his voice warm and full of love. He’s always in awe of Steve like this, the way he’s desperate for the submission, and yet his body hesitates, pushes back. “You’re beautiful.”
good with his hands, and when he decides to fuck Tony with his fingers, he can make Tony come over and over, dry, tears streaming down his face at the onslaught of sensation. He’d fingered Tony open for the vibrating plug, using those long, thick fingers to scissor Tony open for the toy, and he’d dug his fingers into Tony’s hair while he’d fucked Tony’s mouth a few minutes ago. Or hours. Tony can’t tell how long he’s been here, floating above the ground both figuratively and literally, but it feels like only seconds or years.
“Shh, shh, Tony, I’m sorry, no,” Steve says, brushing a soothing hand over Tony’s cheek, sounding horrified. “It’s not for that, sweetheart, not ever for that.”
“You’re beautiful,” Steve murmurs, and then his cheeks pink lightly again.
Tony’s not even making sense, just gasping filthy nonsense words as his hips jerk and hot streaks of white come land on Steve’s chest. Steve shivers, knowing he should be embarrassed, that he should feel humiliated that Tony had called them ‘tits’, but his body desperately tries to react with desire or orgasm or both. It can’t, it really can’t because he’s spent, he’s so spent all he can do is lie there and let Tony come on him, claim him and mark him and
“You decide, honey,” Tony tells him. “It can be a lot, I know. But if you want it, Steve, I want to give it to you.”
Tony’s been around the block. He’s over 40, and he’s been one of People’s Sexiest Men Alive, and he got into bed with 12 out of 13 Maxim cover models (it’s 13 because of the twins and he won’t hear another word about it) and countless number of beautiful men and women, and he has some
“Oh, I like it when you tell me what to do,” Tony grins, and Steve snorts, rolling his eyes.
"There, now," Tony says, resting back on his haunches enough that Steve's erection is cradled in the crease of Tony's ass. "That's better, isn't it? I could hardly hear myself think."
Steve writhes a little more pointedly at that, and Tony lets a dark chuckle out as he lets loose a particularly vicious hit, and Steve jerks forward, letting out a cry. Tony hits him again and again, watching as the red lines raise into welts.
"Oh, wait! That's right, I sent you
wanted to have sex with you. I mean, I thought it was just going to be a rub and tug thing, too, but you’re so hot, I just… I mean it. I won’t report you, and it was really, really good.”
to lick and suck and swallow around the heavy weight of Tony’s erection.
"Not a chance," Steve tells him, smiling a little dopily at Tony's laugh.
Tony grins, flicking his thumb across the top of the lube bottle, snapping the lid open. He puts the vibrator and dildo down and slicks his fingers, trailing them in a wet circle around Steve’s hole. His moan this time is less urgent, the worst of the edge taken off when he’d come the first time, but it’s still sweet-sounding and beautiful. Tony strokes a finger into Steve, joins it quickly with another, pressing the full length of his fingers into Steve’s hot, tight body. He only intends to brush against Steve’s prostate from time to time, but when Steve moans and pushes back against Tony’s fingers, he indulges him, rubbing the pads of his fingers against that sensitive spot. Steve’s panting and whining again in no time, and Tony can’t get enough of watching him come, the way his whole body clenches and jerks and his cock throbs, so he pushes Steve harder, fucks his fingers into Steve’s ass faster, and then Steve is coming again, this time with no stimulation to his cock, and his whole body shudders with it, pulsing more come onto the towel beneath him.
Clint takes another ridiculous bite and chews twice before packing the bread, banana and peanut butter into the side of his cheek like a lopsided hamster. “Cap’s been reading up on Stonewall.”
“No,” he finally decides. “Please.”
“No, I suppose not,” Tony agrees, and drops the subject.
Tony nods, can’t help swaying toward Steve, wishing Steve would kiss him again.
+++++
But, as a smart guy, Steve manages to work out that Tony is using sex to avoid talking about their feelings. He’s just not sure how to approach the subject.
“If you’re not in the mood, or if you don’t want to do anything, Tony, then neither do I. I don’t want you to just, I don’t know, let me… use you.”
Tony's voice through the speakers is breathy, down a register to sound sultry.
like a – well, like a brothel.
“And we know he was working with Bill Foster in 1975,” Tony tells him around a mouthful. “So some time in the next five years, he cracks the formula.”
+++++
So why had he been so terrified of it? Not because Steve is a stranger – Steve’d had his tongue in Tony’s ass, and that hadn’t bothered Tony one bit. No, it’s not about not knowing Steve.
Steve shivers as the last few spurts dribble out of him, over Tony’s hand, still gently stroking him through it.
They’re watching The Carol Burnett Show when it happens. Steve isn’t sure if he’s the one who’d started it or not. Tony is leaning against his side, stealing pieces of popcorn from Steve’s bowl (Steve is always hungry, and he not-so-secretly eats junk food when he’s stressed and, well, they’re still trapped in 1970 so he’s mildly stressed) while they watch. He laughs at all the right times, and Steve loves this show and doesn’t understand why no one added it to his notebook list back when he was playing catch-up on popular culture. He’s going to have to have words with somebody.
He’s the only one who feels like a fish out of water, too. Clint and Bruce had both grown up poor, but Clint had been on enough undercover missions for SHIELD that he can adapt to anything. Bruce had spent years compelling rich people at fundraisers to donate to his research. Natasha can do anything and be anyone, and Thor is
“Touch my dick,” Stark moans, and Steve isn’t stupid. He knows how to follow directions.
Steve smiles back, leans in and kisses Tony, then crawls up onto the big bed, lying on his back in the middle of it.
“Steve,” Tony says intelligently.
There’s the night with the bullet vibrator he straps to Steve’s balls, then rides him for all he’s worth. There’s the night where Tony slicks up the inside of his thighs and crosses his ankles to make everything as tight and sweet as it can be, and tells Steve to fuck the space between his legs until he can’t anymore.
Clint nods, taking another bite of his sandwich. “He reads history books when we’re en route to drop zones. From the
Finally, he pulls back and reaches for a bottle of water on the nightstand, which he’d made sure to stock before they started. He quickly uncaps it and lifts it to Steve’s lips, holding it steady so Steve can take sips at it until he’s ready for a proper drink.
But there’s still room to go.
“Tony,” Steve says, helpless. He doesn’t know what else to say, though.
“Tony,” Steve moans, and he sounds completely wrecked, completely immersed in pleasure and pain and too much all at once.
“That’s it, sweetheart,” Steve murmurs, leaning forward and resting his forehead against Tony’s. Tony sighs happily at the heat of Steve’s skin. “That’s it, you’re beautiful like this.”
"Director," Steve greets him back, with the same slight nod.
They’re also going to be a lot more likely to be what Tony needs, even if it is pretend. To give him what he’s seeking in this little encounter.
Tony moves his hips, giving shallow little thrusts between Steve's lips. Steve keeps his lips slack and soft, letting Tony guide their speed and just flicking his tongue around the head of Tony's cock when it's in his mouth.
“Fuck, yes, please,” Stark moans, and Steve fucks into him with his fingers, stroking and pumping at his cock with his other hand. Stark’s whole body bows off the table, arching and tensing with pleasure, and the sight is gorgeous to Steve. He can’t keep his own moan of pleasure in while he fingers Stark and jerks him off.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
Steve looks at him again, and Tony meets his eyes. He can tell Steve is looking for another way to decline, but suddenly it seems very important that Steve get to taste chocolate, at least once in his life. Whatever he’d done to land himself here, to indenture himself to the government like this… the ones with augmentations, like the Sub with the cybernetic arm he’d seen, they made sense. The price of an arm like that, hundreds of thousands of credits, was hard to come by for a normal man. That man was here in the facility specifically to pay for the debt incurred by that arm. It made sense.
“The riots?”
Tony shivers, feeling cold and silly and humiliated that he’d panicked and needed to be coddled like a new sub. He’s had worse, he’d tried to get into subspace like everyone else, with brutality and pain, and when it hadn’t worked he’d tried harder and harder, rougher and more brutal. A little leather strap, to be honest, would hardly have done him any damage. It would have been
That low chuckle from Steve again. “God, you look almost as satisfied as when you came. It must be good.”
“Oh, honey, yes,” he breathes, very deliberately putting the lube and condoms down beside Steve’s elbow. “I can do that, if you want me to.”
Tony moans again, trying to give Steve his biggest, most pleading eyes. Steve glances up at him, unaffected, before turning back down to his sketch.
“Yes,” Tony says, but it’s not enough of a submission to bring him any further into subspace.
“I want you to fuck me with both,” Steve groans, pushing back and arching a little so the dildo presses against his prostate. His cock jerks, and he comes, clenching and spurting, even as the words leave his lips. But Steve isn’t done, and he’d explicitly asked Tony to stretch him full and wide. Tony wants to feel that clenching, impossibly tight heat around him, and he wants to see Steve torn apart under his hands, and he wants to fill him and ruin him and watch him feel every inch of it.
“Yes,” Tony says, heart fluttering strangely in his chest. “Yes, I’d… that would be nice, thank you.”
Steve just groans, tugging gently on one of the adamantium cuffs holding his wrists in place.
, he is only a man.
“Nice,” he says, leaning forward for another kiss.
"That's better, isn't it, baby?" Tony lies down beside Steve and sighs in his ear, letting his breath out hot and damp. "Don't you wish you'd answered your phone?"
He moans as Steve thrusts his tongue inside him, licking and sucking at Tony’s rim. Steve keeps at it, letting his tongue open Tony up gently, relaxing the tight ring of muscle at his pucker. Tony does his best not to move, but he can’t help the little micromovements of his hips, the little shivers of lust and pleasure that go through his body.
Steve resumes fucking him, rocking and grinding his cock deep into Tony’s body, and then he reaches down and hits the quick release on the cock ring and wraps his big, warm hand around Tony’s cock. He jerks him off hard and fast with the rhythm of his thrusts, and Tony howls, crying out and trembling. His whole body jerks wildly as he comes, clenching and spasming around Steve’s thick cock as he fucks him, and Steve can’t hold on anymore, not when Tony is so good and tight and easy for him, and he grinds in deep as he can, yelling in triumph as he comes deep in Tony’s body, filling him, spurting again and again.
Steve just grins at him and rolls onto his back, dragging Tony along with him for a cuddle. “Save it for morning. We’ll see if we can’t break that record again.”
“So, what, we watch and wait?”
“Tony,” Steve admonishes, cheeks pinking as his eyelashes flutter. “God.”
Tony works hard at SHIELD every day – doubly hard, as he tries to keep from advancing them too far scientifically, having to see his father every day and lying about who he is, having to work with Zola, and still trying to keep an eye on Pym so that when he manages to perfect the particles, they can steal them and be on their way.
Tony makes a mental note to himself to get a strap-on so he can have both hands free and still fuck Steve like this, then slides his finger down Steve’s chest and belly to wrap around his straining, desperately red erection.
“Well, that was a little more into your personal space than I meant to go.”
“Good boy,” Steve says, and Tony feels a shiver go down his spine, feels a twinge low in his belly, and the riot of noise and anxiety in his head starts to muddle. There’s a rustling noise, and a clinking, but Tony doesn’t look up. He suspects Steve is stripping off his own clothing, and he’s proven right when Steve comes over to the table, and Tony can see his bare legs from the opening where his head is resting.
Tony swallows, closes his eyes, and jerks his chin in a single nod.
“And while we’re at it, why don’t we save Barnes? We might be too late to save the Beatles, but you never know. What else can we fix? I mean, it won’t change
. If you wanted. I know that’s hard. I shouldn’t have, have used that. For my own advantage.”
category. He has never,
Steve blushes. Tony only shaves his cheeks in the morning.
He takes his hand back as the screen reads the results. He is, in fact, still Tony Stark, and his blood test is still clean. No STIs, no bloodborne diseases. He finds that comforting, actually – he’d known his results would still be clean, but it’s nice to know the brothel’s policy ensures everyone else that comes in here is safe and healthy as well.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony sighs, whole chest bubbling with happiness at the way Steve always gives himself over. “Oh, you’re so beautiful.”
“I just – it’s not
“You’re my family, Tony,” Steve says, impossibly quiet.
With as antsy as Steve had been all day, he thinks he should use something with a little bit of bite. But he also knows that Steve will respond better if they start with something a little broader, heavier, less sharp. So he pulls a paddle out of the box. It’s long and broad, with a comfortable handle and made of a deep cherry mahogany wood.
Tony laughs, then snuggles back into Steve’s chest.
“What?” Steve asks, blinking away the fantasy.
“Tony, don’t go,” Steve says, and he stares into Tony’s eyes for a long moment. Fear, humiliation, and there, a flicker of hope.
He presses a soft kiss to the swell of Steve’s hip, then slides off the bed and starts digging in his bedside drawer. He’d checked his supplies ahead of time, and everything is where he’d left it. There’s lube, there’s a vibrator, and there’s the dildo he’d picked out special, just for this.
Steve’s hands are freeing his wrists instantly, and he gathers Tony up in his arms, pulls him into a sitting position, makes soothing noises. Tony is dimly aware of the glass dildo slipping out of him, but the comfort of Steve’s arms around him is so nice he doesn’t really care.
“Can you get any closer?” Steve asks around a mouthful of bread roll.
“Do you want to be on top for a while?” Tony asks him, still thrusting in alongside the dildo. “You can take what you need?”
He reaches out and slides the towel off and away, letting it drop to the floor, baring Stark’s beautiful, dark, hard cock to his gaze.
“Wanna change positions, honey?”
Steve reaches a hand forward, sliding over Tony’s hip and gripping his cock. He jerks it fast because he’s impossibly close to orgasm, and he wants – no
He pets at Steve’s hair for a moment, gentling him down to centre them both. “What’s your safeword, Steve?”
+++++
“I’m just saying, we should think about it.”
+++++
It’s only days later when Pym cracks the particle. It takes Steve and Tony a day to work out a plan to get them out of the lab – security is a little better since the
time they’d stolen vials from Pym’s lab, but Pym at least trusts Howard Potts enough to not worry about leaving the man alone while he runs down to the main gate to deal with a visit from a General Grant Stevenson, who is apparently ‘quite irate’ over the phone. Steve had had fun with that one.
Tony is
“Tony!” Steve cries, and he throws his head back, grinding and rolling his hips down.
the noises Stark is making.
Because Steve is taking him down so gently, so slowly. It’s not rough or painful or harsh. It’s soothing in a way subspace has never been for him. In a way
A moment letter, slick fingers are running down the sensitive skin between Steve’s cheeks, dipping into the furl of his hole. Tony teases at him with one finger for a moment, sliding it around and applying the slick, and then he dips the tip of his finger inside.
“Oh my god,” Steve moans, the words a mumble as he holds the chocolate on his tongue. “This is… I’ve never tasted anything like this.”
Steve isn’t completely unaffected — he’d fucked Tony’s mouth fast and hard, earlier, and Tony had been able to look up at him, at the way his cheeks were pink and his eyes were dark.
He smoothly moves to slip it out of his pocket and checks the front screen. It's a text message from Tony, so Steve slides his thumb across the bar at the bottom to open it.
Tony nods.
Another dribble of saliva drools out the side of his mouth. The ring gag is keeping his mouth open wide, and he knows that it could get uncomfortable soon, but it’s still bearable. His lips are stretched wide around it, his mouth held open. Open enough that, some time ago, Steve had been able to pull his hard cock out of his jeans and fuck into Tony’s slack mouth until he’d finally pulled out and shoot across Tony’s face, leaving hot come dripping on Tony’s lip and cheek.
