“Catch. You. Later,” Sherlock follows him slowly, gun held upright until a door closes in the distance.
Mycroft brushes invisible dust off his suit as is his habit. Resting his hands on his umbrella, he leans towards his brother.
“Did he dive in again?” she asks John who has only stopped to apologise for the ruckus and the drops of water in the hallway.
It takes him back to his mother’s beauty box where he would dig when she couldn’t see, five years old and interested in everything he’d go and sniff his mother’s make-ups, Chanel No. 5 and the several different types of hand lotion, would eventually be found by Mycroft who wiped off the smears of lipstick from his face and carried him out of the room with his small body thrown over his shoulder like a bag of potatoes, his nose bumping against his brother’s back, he himself screaming with joy. The scent would linger and before Sherlock at the age of nine finally realised his mother would not leave any memento of herself to him other than a cold shoulder and the scent of No. 5, cool and black like her dress-clad back, he would open the door to his mother’s bedroom and hope he could one day see her sitting at the table, turn to look at him and smile.
It was Doctor Albertson’s turn to cough. John glanced at him, then back to Mr Hartley who was red as a beetroot but desperately trying to regain his composure and stature.
Suddenly the woman is at his elbow, grinning from ear to ear in a way she must think is seducing. She opens her mouth but before she can get a word out, Sherlock opens his.
will see that we will not be surprised, we will not be taken lightly and most of all we will not surrender.”
John’s smile just widens. His gaze goes to the broken ashtray, and it’s like he is actually sorry it’s now in pieces.
Sherlock swirls around to see Jim standing at the open door. “All the little doctors will have a little meeting and get you back in the little hospital.”
John looked at him over his shoulder, face covered with shaving cream, a towel thrown over his right shoulder, the left one and his chest bare all the way to his waist.
“I don’t need a work-out,” Sherlock drools a bit into his pillow and makes a little snoring sound in his throat.
But right now someone else can pick up the pieces. He doesn’t want to deal with anyone tonight, he wants to go home and sleep.
The woman is not one of Mycroft’s (though John’s surrendering expression says he thinks she is), Sherlock is familiar with every one of them, and no matter how puny John might believe the secretaries who pick him up to be, Sherlock knows they all have the highest security rate and could kill you with their fingernails in two seconds.
He is twenty-seven years old and sitting on the floor of his flat, a used needle lying innocently among the shattered glassware.
“Just because you’d give up on a hundred piece jigsaw puzzle doesn’t mean we all have as limited attention span as you do, Anderson,” Sherlock takes the photo back from Victors poised fingers.
“Would you like to try some toddy?” he teased the child. She giggled and grasped his cheeks with her tiny hands. He laid her in his arms and took the rattle offered by Mrs Kovács. The baby cooed in delight and stretched her fingers towards the toy.
John chuckled quietly, though through his gasping it sounded more like a hiccup. Sherlock’s hand slid into his hair.
“But you tolerate it. For me. You never do anything you don’t want to and you make sure everyone knows. But you do those things for me, you defy boredom and visit me in a hospital every day, even though your brain must be gnawing its way through your skull.”
a toga,” Sherlock growls at John’s smirk. “It is a sheet, I was asleep, and then you woke me up with a case. I am not going to dress for something I don’t even have to leave the flat for. This is a six. We agreed it has to be at least a seven for me to go out.”
John reaches his hand out to touch her cheek, and she turns her stare on him before locking back to Sherlock’s dazed gaze.
there is to know about them. Mycroft lent him his entomology books when he did not need them anymore, and Sherlock has read them from cover to cover. He has one of them with him now and on the cover there is a beautiful black beetle, very much like the one crawling over his hand.
He sits in front of the fireplace at the inn, fingers hovering over his lips, trying to collect himself, to convince himself that what he saw wasn’t real.
“But you wouldn’t be working for the government,” Jim corrects. “You’d be working for me. Mycroft never has to know about this. It’s very unlikely he ever would. He is not omnipotent, you know.”
, please will you fix it for me to get rid of my lover’s nasty sister?” he says, trying not to sound too admiring.
Without turning, John screams back (and he most definitely has the same early symptoms of laryngitis Perkins took sick leave for),
When he returns to the bedroom, Sherlock has taken the hint and ransacked his sock drawer, apparently throwing all the useless ones anywhere but back in the closet. He is in bed once again, blankets cocooned around him so that only his nose is visible.
Shots still echoed in the forest, but he could not see the muzzle blasts and the voices had moved away.
A pair of seagulls flew over their heads towards the open sea. Their screeches made Sherlock’s ears ring, but he found it comforting that there were other living creatures there with them. For the first time, the bird song streaming from the forest made him feel in control of his environment, safe in the knowledge that they were alone with nature.
There was no way of getting away by crouching on the ground. He stood up and fast like a lightning he began to run away from the sound calling after him, sliding his hand over the barks of the trees, running to left and right to make sure the sounds of his escape were too confusing for the soldier following him to get a direct hit in the dark.
“You’re angry with me so you won’t help,” he says to his phone, typing rapidly. “Not much cop this caring lark, if you can’t help innocent people just because your flatmate has disappointed you.”
Sherlock’s eyes stay closed even after John pulls back, his head feeling like he will need extra oxygen to start the regular flow of blood again.
When they are both sparkling clean and Sherlock’s head is relatively clear from all the cold water John has sprayed on him and poured down his throat, they lie on the rug in front of the fire, the clock striking two, John leaning against his chair and combing his fingers through Sherlock’s clean curls.
First email in weeks, and it was sent by a primary school girl with pigtails and a missing pet rabbit!
When the vest is safely away from them both, Sherlock is ready to break down and cry against John’s chest. Instead he runs after Moriarty, not to catch him, he knows that’s useless, but to gather himself, lean his head against the nearest wall and count to ten.
Sherlock reaches up to kiss his lips and then sits down next to him with a soft grunt. John’s hand goes to his knees to rub the bones soothingly. Moving up towards his thigh, his hand touches a soft bulge in Sherlock’s trouser pocket. He can see the white of the familiar handkerchief peeking out from it.
Inside he feels something similar to a Mentos being dropped into a litre and a half bottle of Coke – a bucket – a bathtub. There is no area wide enough or mint-flavoured sweets packs big enough to compare to the bubbling and welling inside him. He feels like the 60s songs Mycroft used to teach him how to dance to when he was three, like that exceedingly hot summer in Mexico when he was sixteen, like cotton candy and popcorn at a theme park all at once, like being in love.
He flexes his fingers and squeezes them into fists as John walks into the room and sits down in the opposite chair. Listening to him prattle about the case, about the possible reasons that could make their client act like this, Sherlock only wants to get on his knees in front of him and bury his face against his stomach.
The man started and looked around himself like he did not know where he was. He took off his glasses again and his hands were already going towards his tie when John spoke,
“I don’t know whether it was me crying so hard or some telepathic brotherly power, but Mycroft found and saved me.”
When John tries to remove the scarf, Sherlock starts shaking his head to stop him, though the shivering makes it look like a nervous tick.
He takes a breath and Sherlock wonders if what is to come will be John’s resignation from the case. It could be too much for him, this.
The next day, he is taken to a part of the hospital used for treatments and directed to a large white room with things he does not want to look at and a large window to an adjoining room and John standing behind it, his hand pressed against the glass.
“You are my best friend,” he says. “Now clean up your mess and stop sulking. You’ll get there eventually.”
Every morning the nurse comes in and Sherlock and John are both asleep in John’s bed with Sherlock on his side, squeezing John against himself, nearly falling off the narrow bed.
Sherlock strokes the veins visible in John’s palm, the callouses and the softer skin of his fingers and looks up when John doesn’t answer.
His mother holds him tight and says, her voice oddly thick, that hearts do not work like that. It is not that simple to patch them up, and taking them out completely means that you would die.
Sherlock smiles to himself, picks up another har gow with his chopsticks and allows John to pop an action film inside the DVD player, stuff he usually despises but is happy to suffer through now that John is content to stay home with him. John falls asleep on the sofa, stomach full of dumplings and Tsingtao, hopefully dreaming about something else than bombs going off in the desert and men dying at his feet. Sherlock pulls a blanket from the backrest and lays it over them both, allowing himself a moment of shared warmth before John wakes up and trots upstairs to his room to sleep properly before a day at the clinic.
John knows how much those words hurt Sherlock, have always hurt him. When he doesn’t have the answer, when it takes longer than usual for him to get there. That is why he got attached to cocaine first, then to detective work.
Sherlock’s hand rests on the small of John’s back while he draws him an elephant, an octopus and a giraffe, and it stays there as he escorts John back inside where the auction is about to start.
Collecting samples from the crime scene, travelling to Bart's, inspecting crumbs of broken wood under the microscope Sherlock thinks about his visit to the Diogenes, his brother's calm face, his eyes like two icebergs, void of any emotion until Sherlock tells him what he needs.
“You indicated that I’m him, yes?” he points at the television screen. “Why is he not wearing pants?”
a freak, and don’t you ever dare to say so again. You have schizophrenia, which is not a synonym for being a freak. Those people out there, the ones who stood and watched as you were torn apart by a situation that was not in your control, they are the freaks.”
So they fall into bed together every once in a while. Nothing really changes anyway. They just happen to share the sheets now on top of the food, water and electricity as well as the newspaper in the morning.
“He killed again,” Lestrade tells him. “Right in front of our faces. Blew up a nursery. Everything in shambles, blood all over the place. It’s going to be in the evening news.”
He turns round swiftly, panic rising in his stomach. A woman dressed in formal attire is standing directly behind him, with two burly men looming by her sides like gate keepers. They are not dressed as nicely as she is, but comfortably and so that they can move without restraints.
Or Sherlock does, but the others are only some ten or twenty steps behind. He is not thinking about who gets the credit from the case at this point. He has been chasing this man for six months. He is so emotionally drained that he doesn’t know whether to smile or to cry when he finally chases him into a corner.
“I’m not as good at deducing as you, but based on tonight I thought you perhaps wanted to be kissed?”
John is rolling laughing on the floor. Figuratively, since he is clearly in pain and can’t move any other muscles than the ones on his face.
John gets a smart kick to his diaphragm and a punch to his nose when an elbow (thumb and forefinger still securely clutching the nose to get leverage) connects with his face.
“Oh, I’d love to, but I don’t know the code,” Sherlock says, slowly raising his hands over his head.
John puts his hand in his pocket and pulls out the pink phone. He throws it on Sherlock’s chair where it sits looking so very innocent, both of them staring at it.
“My secretary has just ever so discreetly informed me, that your partner for this mission has agreed to the job.”
He stares at John, sipping his tea, watching the morning news, scratching his hair, sensing the stare, looking at Sherlock, raising an eyebrow. In the morning light, dust dancing round and the shadows slipping from the corners to fill the dusky dips and hollows on John’s body and make them even darker. Most of them seem to gather on the one at the bottom of his throat, and Sherlock can’t tear his eyes away from it.
The next day, Sherlock returns to the playground, allows his mother to fuss over him, comb his hair and tuck a clean napkin into his pocket before dashing to his spot in the shade.
He’s been going too fast, getting too cocky, too exposed. Once again, the crash is inevitable. Hitting the breaks won’t have any effect, he won’t be able to avoid the impact of what Moriarty has in store for him.
John made a sort of sitting down pirouette, struggling so forcefully that instead of shaking Sherlock’s iron grip loose, he managed to tangle his feet between his legs.
Sherlock Holmes leaned in, making sure to stay as far away as possible from the man offering the light, lit his cigarette and leaned back against his chair. His long coat, heavy and stiff as it was in the March warmth, had been disregarded in the beginning of the interview on top of a lush armchair in the corner with his cigarette lighter hidden in one of its many pockets. His cigarettes, however, he always kept in a silver case in his jacket pocket, and thus only when he took one out did he realise he had nothing to light it with. Cursing himself for having been thrown off his balance by the conductor of the interview, he accepted the offered civility and sat back to exhale the cigarette smoke before giving his answer.
Mycroft comes to see them in the morning, discreetly handing John’s flip-flops back to him, and for the first time in a very long time Sherlock attacks his brother with teeth and claws. He stands in front of Mycroft, stares into his eyes when he is told to stay out of the Irene Adler case in the future, silently snarling at him with every fibre of his being,
Without a word, Donovan pulls out a regular A4-piece of paper from the bottom of the file and gives it to him. John inspects the letters cut from newspapers and magazines, frowns at the words promising more devastation with no remorse and refers to recent bombings done by certain fascist groups, describing them as beautiful, works of art and only a small example of what he himself is about to do.
There would be no time to pick it up now. His meeting with Mr Holmes had taken longer than promised.
His posture doesn’t look stiff, like he will run away from the first rash move, so Sherlock dares a look at his face.
Sherlock looks at him for a moment, then nods, but doesn’t hear much of what Jim says after that. The words he used to describe him keep on turning inside his head throughout the night and the next day when he stumbles upon a crime scene, head full of cocaine and his arm still throbbing with the pleasure-pain of a needle piercing the skin. He is arrested for disturbing a crime scene and for insulting several officers when he yells and points at the evidence that is “clearly there you blind idiots between the flowerpots she hid it there before she jumped herself it was a suicide not a murder hands off me you pricks!”
Behind him, Victor lifted his hair away from his neck and huffed a breath of cold air softly against the skin.
“I found wolf tracks,” John said, hanging his riffle up on the wall, ruffling his hair which lay sweaty over his forehead. “Nothing to worry about unless you have chickens or perhaps small children. And since we have neither and are both rational adults, we know how to stay alive with one canine companion.”
An organisation? One man, or perhaps two? Has to be more than one. A single man cannot possibly fund a serial killer. Though a single man might, a single man crazy enough to enjoy death and havoc he himself cannot cause.
He gestures at the board. The silence around them persists. Wilkes’ cigarette has burnt out but he hasn’t noticed it. The girl by his elbow sips her drink, eyes moving rapidly between Sherlock and Victor who moves his knight, taking Sherlock’s pawn.
They are walking along the Embankment, the wind from the Thames shaking Sherlock’s wet curls and making him shiver. John is strolling languidly by him, attempting very hard not to laugh. He seems comfortable and warm in just his shirt, his dinner jacket thrown over his arm, his bowtie finally abandoned and hanging from his trouser pocket. He has unbuttoned his collar and sighs deep at the cooling wind on his skin.
Sherlock gives him the brochure, follows him on his date and introduces himself to Sarah with a quick flash of a smile and a disinterested hello.
Sherlock snaps his head up, ready to retort something clever, decides against it and tries to get up to go. Victor’s finger on the pawn Sherlock last used to eat one of Jim’s rooks stops him.
“Better with dead people than the living,” Sherlock corrects. “I like to open up cadavers and mix cocktails that can make them blow up. My brother always tells me I have double the brain and half the heart.”
Doctor Albertson, a man he admired and respected greatly, sat at his desk, the soft glow of the morning light halloing him from behind. In his softly lit office full of comfortable furniture and a blazing fire, the doctor looked even more of Santa Claus than he usually did surrounded by trainees and nurses in the dazzlingly white hospital rooms, conversing with the patients dressed in crispy white gowns and reclining against starched white linen beddings, all of which made his surroundings look like they were covered in everlasting snow.
“I didn’t know it would take you five hours to choose a jar of jam. Now, what do you need that goose fat for?”
They stay like that for so long that when Sherlock finally detaches himself, he instinctively knows John has missed his bus and either has to take the tube and arrive to work sweaty and exhausted or wait for the next bus and arrive late.
“Just in time for the English Department cocktails. The cock was mine, the tail belonged to a lovely young thing with a passion for Eliot.”
John coughs, and Sherlock gathers him against his chest, pulls his Belstaff off and drapes it over them both.
The quietness of it all was what pulled him out of his thoughts. The complete lack of noises was the opposite of Baker Street where he had his flat. He had never been this far away from London, never this far away from other human beings and wondered how long he could take of the sea, the birds and the quiet humming of the forest before he went insane.
Sherlock himself is soon becoming The Third Most Annoying Thing To Wake Up To At Three O’ Eight In The Morning for John.
Sherlock despised Christmas dinners. The entire holiday disrupted his comfortable everyday existence, invited him back to the streets where he had spent his childhood and which he would rather not revisit more than was necessary.
Sherlock stands at the window, his hospital clothes hanging loose over him. He has not eaten well and the several days of confinement seem to be weighing on him so heavily he is withering away.
Something of the soldier in John came out when he handled a gun, but it stayed hidden as well, lying lurking under his civilian clothing and his slagging posture, indicating that this was a job he enjoyed and performed only to make sure that in any eventuality he would be ready.
again. The fuzziness that has been crowding his senses and muscle control for so long has vanished, and he sets to work again with a renewed enthusiasm. His inbox is bursting with cases, old and new, some of them still current and people in need of his help contact him every week. He does not get bored and feels more alive than he has in years.
They find Lestrade from the door where he is talking with the Chief Superintendent. He looks surprised by who Sherlock has with him but at John’s easy expression and relaxed body language he turns back and introduces the two to his boss.
He is thinking about the war, all the civilians he must have seen shot, burned, stabbed and tortured to death. He is on the verge of a panic attack and Sherlock has to get him out of there.
Perkins, whose grim countenance has glued itself over John’s retinas from the several mugshots he has seen of the man when he has been going through the files Sherlock has left on the kitchen table. Larceny, arson, assault, armed robbery are just a few of the accomplishments on the long list of reasons the man has spent years altogether in jail and of which arson has apparently been his absolute favourite. He has burnt down more buildings and more people than several wildfires have and he knows bombs better than the whole bomb squad of the New Scotland Yard.
He slows down at the line of restaurants by the tube station and draws a book from under his jacket.
It’s shameful, that he has forgotten something so important. He must remember to check. But he forgets all the ways of collecting data when John does indeed push up from his chair, crick his neck one more time (oh, there it is, so so slightly but still), walk to the kitchen and smile at Sherlock.
Sherlock blinks. He has forgotten Lestrade has stayed outside to talk to one of the neighbours and John is still at the clinic. He had sensed another person’s presence and just began to explain his conclusions.
This clearly makes it worse in John’s eyes. He is confused by the fact that for once in his life Sherlock has not made a smart retort at someone, and she asks if that makes her special, whether John is
Sherlock sits and drinks it all in. In the busy room, no one sees his stare wander over every single person in there, scanning them as he goes, filing away funny things to tell to John when he goes home.
“You are searching for something alike, something to call your own, only yours and to which no one can say how you should keep it. But you won’t find what you are looking for with me.”
When he realizes the tip of his tongue is feeling cold and wet, he snaps it in like an iguana and continues the interrupted, more sensual sweeps over the lid.
He is still deep crimson when he is standing outside the building, inspecting the crowd of policemen between Lestrade’s waving arms, looking at John’s easy smile and wrinkles around his eyes as he throws his head back and laughs.
Not that he has had the time to write to her either. Jim has recruited him as a kind of on-and-off consultant and between assignments from him as well as the cases from Lestrade he has been keeping busy. As promised, Jim does not contact him often and keeps their association tightly under lid, partly to protect himself, partly for Sherlock’s personal safety.
The trial is a farce. Obviously Moriarty has scared the jury to death before the thing even had the chance to start.
Sherlock, having given up on trying to push John in before him, had stuffed himself uncomfortably in one of the large wooden crates. He could barely stand straight and his elbows were pressing against the sides uncomfortably.
“That’s what it is, John,” Lestrade says. “Love. You love him so much you didn’t see any of his faults. You can’t blame yourself for not noticing.”
Sherlock mumbles something, pointing at a lunchbox with a half-eaten smelly sandwich he has taken a bite from days earlier.
Sherlock watches John tap his finger against the chair, bite his lip and ponder for a moment before he clears his throat and leans forward, placing his elbows on his knees.
So he buried his aching nose into the pillow as gently as he could, looking blearily at John who took a chair, his rifle and the Enfield and sat down so that he was able to see all the windows and doors. He did not spare another glance at Sherlock but took his position as the watch dog without a word, completely invested in keeping both of them alive. Sherlock could feel Victor hovering close by, silent, respecting the circumstances for once.
He could have phrased it differently, merely change the wording slightly to indicate the he was going to keep guard for both their sakes, but instead he said it in a way that brought to Sherlock’s mind an image of his mother sitting by his bed when he was five and suffering from typhus, stroking his hair and singing softly in her wonderful sweet voice she later lost to the same fever that made her voice more nasal and shrill.
John knew where to look. Away from her nakedness. Sherlock wouldn’t have cared about what he saw even if he looked, and that confused Irene.
. Not Baker Street. He is taking John home to try his best to make him forget Soo Lin’s body and all the other ones her death has brought back into his mind.
He is there, taunting him, snarling insults and threats, making him halt when he starts to talk about John.
Tears are already blurring his vision and he still closes his eyes as he spreads his arms and falls. He can’t handle it, the expression on John’s face when he dies. John screams his name, he knows he does even though he is too far to actually hear it.
Nothing bothered him if he could not see it. If it stayed behind him, it did not exist. Whenever he walked about on the grounds, he made sure never to even glance towards the trees and the darkness lurking between them.
John jumped slightly. He had already gotten used to the silence around him and the sudden loudness made him feel uneasy. But not as much as the tone of the voice. Other than being demanding, as if the speaker was used to being the one in command, it lacked all emotion.
There is a ‘we’ hanging on the tip of his tongue before he sucks it in. John can hear it. And he hears the pleading in Sherlock’s voice, different from what Mycroft and Doctor Mortimer are hearing. They glance at one another, but John keeps his eyes on Sherlock’s, reads the desperation in them, the determination in his steady hands, the single-mindedness in the set of his jaw.
He pretends to sleep, adds a slight snore to make it more convincing, all the while listening to John shuffle about, go to the bathroom and come back, undress. Sherlock stifles his desire to peek. He feels that would be crossing quite a vast boundary even if John wouldn’t notice.
, he thinks when John finally lifts his gaze from the bloody pulp of hands. His eyes are full of fire.
Sherlock allowed him to drift back to sleep before loosening his grip and moving away slightly to peer at him.
Sherlock doesn’t dare to even glance into John’s direction after that but stares at his shoes instead.
The line is not something he would have expected. The cheesiness of it, it’s such a cliché. Next she’ll probably ask if he’s been a bad boy.
Afterwards, he thinks a lot about the first time John walked in through the lab doors. Quick glance and he knows John is a doctor, army veteran, has spent time somewhere in the south, has a psychosomatic limp and an idiotic therapist. Borrowing his phone he realises John has a brother (only to find out later, the information accompanied by a sly smirk from John, that it’s actually his
“Here are your lists of supplies,” he informed them. “You will purchase them yourselves – money will be provided,” he said to John when he looked up, concerned, “and you must ensure yourself that your equipment is packed and with you when you leave London. No one will be there to help you after the officers who are to drive you and the supplies have left you on location. You will only radio us in case of emergencies, which include medical emergencies, new information or when the attack happens.”
John reached for the teapot and turned back to the sink. Furious, Sherlock stood up and walked out the door.
He took a small step and a branch cracked under his foot. In the silence it sounded louder than gunfire. There was no way out now. He had to continue. He could not risk them finding the cabin.
“Sorry you had to see that,” John said. “I forget the scar is even there. I promise to wear a shirt from now on.”
He looked at John’s neck, sunburn pinking the skin, stretching from under the collar of his shirt to his hairline.
He almost uses again, three times. Every time he sees John’s face in front of him just when he is about to pierce the needle through his skin. John never looks disappointed or disgusted, only concerned and sad.
He finds one from one of the pockets inside his coat and places it next to the book on the table. John has not moved, hands still resting on the table, posture stiff, but he looks at the book and then up at Sherlock.
“You don’t accuse him of anything. And yet he is the one who phoned me, asked me to come and see you in the first place. You screamed at James in my office, called him names. You were clearly angry.”
Without making a sound, John took a step towards the door and listened intently for a moment, then extinguished the lamp, took his gun and walked to the door. All the while, his feet made no sound on the floorboards. Sherlock could not even hear him breathe.
They take a walk round the park, Harriet running ahead of them among the pigeons that don’t seem to be the slightest disturbed by the small girl.
Mycroft walks in before the fire crew even has had time to put their gear together, takes one look at the dusty floor and pieces of glass still hanging from the window frames and sinks down in John’s chair with a heavy sigh. Sherlock does not see this. He is taking a shower, washing pieces of glass from his hair, and when he enters the sitting room one of the firemen is interviewing Mycroft and there’s a hot pot of tea in the kitchen, provided by Mrs Hudson. Mycroft sits in John’s chair like it’s a throne, Sherlock sneers at him, picks up his violin and sits down in his own chair.
Sherlock runs all the way from the hospital to the restaurant, barely stopping to catch his breath outside the door. He stumbles in, all eyes turning to him, staring, except the ones that have barely glanced up at his entrance and gone back to stare at the table. Ignoring the waiter, he walks to the table and stops to look at John, hands crossed on the table, face tight.
A slight squirm and a thigh being wrapped around him made him fear John was attempting to gain leverage to roll him off of him, and so he held on more tightly.
They were sitting further away from the cottage now, perhaps foolishly for they could only barely hear the noise of the radio coming through the open door. John had dug out two sun-bleached deck chairs from the wood shed, a novelty to be found in a fishing hut. To Sherlock’s surprise both of the chairs were still sturdy enough to hold them and sighed as he relaxed into his.
Sherlock avoids Jim’s gaze and writes down another long note on a pane already so full he has to continue over another scribble apparently less important.
He had come in, seen Sherlock with his eyebrows singed off, his face black and his hair a sooty mess.
He considers asking Mycroft if he actually loved their mother. If he felt any emotion but respect and dread towards the woman who pampered him and provided him with everything he could hope for while his younger brother by seven years barely warranted enough attention to get a glancing look when the nanny dragged him into the room to tell her he had bitten one of his playmates.
Sherlock doesn’t know how to interpret this. So he offers an explanation for John’s discomfort by stating he likely doesn’t know where to look, and she all but offers herself to John by stepping up to stand directly in front of him.
Christmas dinner, and Sherlock and John are in Sherlock’s old bedroom, John attempting to tie a bowtie around Sherlock’s neck Mrs Holmes has insisted they wear for dinner. He is growing more and more frustrated, while Sherlock stays perfectly still, watching John’s hands work.
It made Sherlock feel like he was part of some secret society, a group of people whose sole purpose was to find and read the most notorious and hard-to-find novels of their time. Even though the thought made him smile to himself, it meant very little in the end. The real reason he cherished the book so much that he had brought it with him here (though hidden inside his radio, if for no other reason than to protect it from his brother’s prying eyes), was the person it had belonged to before him.
“I don’t understand though,” John says turning to him, “why do this at all? What does he have to gain from this?”
There is a black car parked outside the flat opposite, has been for five minutes and during that time no one has come out.
Long legs crawling over John startle him fully awake and when Sherlock pushes his feet behind his back, he is ready to start counterattack.
“Yes, it has crossed my mind. That is why I try to avoid such situations. Usually I throw Anderson in.”
When John walks through the door, Sherlock is once again sitting on the bed, fiddling an old familiar handkerchief in his fists.
He flushes everything down the toilet, thinks he feels a warm hand on his shoulder and cries with his hands on the toilet seat.
“It’s just a bit hard to concentrate what with the... medication,” Sherlock says, and his hand hovers over his temple. “I try to get as much done in a day as I can, but it makes me feel fuzzy and I can barely sit down for half an hour before I’m all out of ideas.”
“Don’t worry,” John hushed him, lying them down on the bed so that his body covered Sherlock’s and wrapped his arms around him. “You’ll be fine.”
“It is a high time you listened to reason. We would not be doing this if you really didn’t need help. These…
John froze at this. Suddenly what he felt (other than growing interest towards the man), instead of embarrassment and uneasiness for being somewhere he clearly did not belong, was anger.
“This is all very well and flattering, Mr Hartley, but I can’t understand what could be so special about me that would make him jump at the chance of having me.”
Then he feels something icky and disgusting on his palm and when he draws his hand back, it’s sticky with something green and pink.
John stares at him for a moment, then stands up and collects his laptop. He doesn’t look at Sherlock as he makes his way to the door, but once there he stops and looks up again.
Jim’s eyes have gone dark, determined. He knows Sherlock has realised he has no choice but to help him.
During the following months, Sherlock visited the Trevor mansion as often as he could. Victor rarely had the need to extend an invitation to him for his mother took care that Sherlock was there to entertain her son on the weekends. During the week Victor was in town and dined with Sherlock each night, often inviting him back to his town house. When Sherlock visited the manor in the country, he stayed in a room decorated with green and gold and filled with massive old oak furniture.
She had danced with Sherlock too, lifted him up to her arms and swung him around the room, her laughter streaming out of her mouth like soap bubbles. Sherlock was quite certain he had loved her. He brought her a flower once from one of his mother’s cherished flower beds. When she found out why she was one flower short, she could not be mad at him. She only thought it cute that her little Sherlock had a crush.
Sherlock has started slightly at the sound of the breaking cup but John has deemed it best to keep on going like nothing has happened. It won’t do Sherlock any good to startle at the smallest sounds and John to encourage it by running to his side.
He deposits John into the café at Bart’s to nurse a cup of tea while he catches Molly by the sleeve and asks (
As it turns out, the swimming gear is the least of John’s problems as they jump into the shallow end of the very cold pool the next day.
And then the moon appeared from behind the clouds and shone over the entire forest and he was able to see his attacker.
“My Sherlock was like that when he himself was a baby. Despised everyone but me. I guess she sees a kindred spirit in him.”
“John, you should know I consider myself to be married to my work, and while I'm flattered by your offer ---“
“Don’t mess it up for him. It’s important he knows he is safe. So no histrionics, no yelling, crying or anything. Be neutral, be calm, be yourself.”
His initial source of comfort gone from the room, John thought it best to face his enemy and try and find some other fixed point from the room.
“Oh?” Lestrade inquires happily. He opens the notebook, stares at the unintelligible scribbles and black lines crossing over theories, names being circled in black, the simplest solutions written in a shaking, childlike scrawl and then crossed over again.
Mycroft knew of course. He realised instantly what had taken place between them, not that he attempted to understand it.
Irene Adler interrupts whatever Molly is going to say. Or the recording of her moan does. Sherlock gets a text and every pair of eyes are suddenly on Molly alone.
“Never been,” Irene Adler says, sitting in John’s chair, looking at him softly and full of interest. “Is it nice?”
“Not so slightly, it would seem,” John said and glanced at the bed. “But looks like it’s your only option. You will not fit in that so I’m afraid it’s you who will be sleeping on the floor.”
Stretching his feet in front of himself, John sits down next to him, stretches his arms behind his back to lean his weight against them and closes his eyes against the warm sunshine.
Victor looks at him with a bright smile, surprised in turn that Sherlock has remembered his daughter’s name.
A year later he is not yet sure what love is, but he guesses it must have something to do with why he feels he never wants to let go of John Watson’s small hands either, why he feels he
So died the woman who had taught Sherlock that feelings were futile because they made you weak and friends were unnecessary unless you needed more people around you to tell you how much they hated you.
“Well, we can’t really do that with you around,” he whispers, glancing round the corner to see if John has appeared. The door to the bedroom is still closed.
Sherlock is inspecting the shampoo bottles when he returns. The liver stink stuck to his own clothes and skin now and his hand full of the sticky stuff he knows the back of Sherlock’s head to be full of, John undresses and climbs in the tub as well.
His eyes betray him, and John knows that. That’s why he always goes to the eyes first when he tries to look for emotions from Sherlock. He wrote about it on his blog, how hurt and childlike Sherlock looked for a while.
He’ll throw up in the toilet, head throbbing with images of everything that might have happened if the Bee Gees ringtone hadn’t started.
“You could release me first,” Sherlock mutters, his voice thick like syrup. “Then we’d be on equal footing. Well,
John is washing his hands, describing the colour and consistency of the suds on his fingers, when hands curl around his waist, squeeze tightly and a nose presses into his shoulder. John goes instantly into describing Sherlock’s dry hands and the way they feel on his stomach, the tickling of Sherlock’s toes against his heels, the temperature of Sherlock’s breath on his nape. He continues to describe the softness of Sherlock’s lips when he is turned around and Sherlock crowds in closer and presses a kiss on his mouth.
He wore a sour face all the way through dinner, which was not an uncommon expression for him. These days it seemed to be permanently glued on his face whenever he was forced to spend time with his little brother, and now that he had invited his lover to their home to eat supper with their mother his scrunched nose and tight mouth indicated even more distaste, even more disapproval.
He is in London, in Westminster, at the door of another grubby little bedsit, opening the door, and John kisses him, then punches his cheekbones so that he falls to the floor. John kisses him on the cheekbones, then punches him on the jaw. John kisses his jaw, his eyelids, his nose, his ears, and doesn’t punch any of them.
Sherlock is twenty-nine years, twenty-three hours, fifty-six minutes and six seconds old, and after two years of waiting, he is finally kissing John Watson again.
In the very beginning, before there is Sherlock and John, there are three suicides that Sherlock is sure are murders. He reads everything about these supposed homicides, does a bit of snooping himself and of course sends the whole room full of reporters several text messages saying how wrong the Scotland Yard once again is.
The coffee dripped over his lip and down his chin. He reached his hand to wipe it, stopping to look at the dirt under his fingernails. His hands still smelled like moss. He breathed it in, the smell of moist earth mixing with the soap John had used to try and clean him up earlier.
The occupant’s face, when he saw who was behind his door, showed open-mouthed surprise and then spread into a wide grin.
“There is no one there, Sherlock,” Doctor Mortimer says just as several orderlies burst in through the door, grab him under his arms and drag him away.
But it’s worse. He goes blind with panic every time his head goes under water, he hears Moriarty’s sing-song voice constantly in his head, he feels like someone will grasp his foot and drag him to the bottom if he doesn’t stop kicking.
John rolls his shoulders and ruffles his hair. The vertebrae in his neck stand out when he tilts his head from side to side. If he was facing the kitchen, Sherlock could see the place he likes the most, the little hollow at the bottom of John’s throat. It would show just now, when John stretches his shoulders, his clavicles pushing up. He has just the right shirt (rare, that) so that if he’d just turn round, Sherlock could see it.
Sherlock, not hearing or not listening, takes another sip while reading the file over John’s shoulder and almost spits out the tea this time.
“Please, John. I’ve done something really stupid and I have to fix it now. But I can’t do it with you here. You’ll be in too much danger. Just pack your back, call a cab and drive to Lestrade’s. I’ll explain everything later.”
The tip of the thumb slides from one incisor to the other. The sharp front teeth catch it and bite down.
“When I was three,” Sherlock whispered back, “I was at my cousin’s birthday party and four of the older boys locked me inside a chest. It was a big house, lots of rooms, and the chest was in a storage room at the back of the house. One of the boys sat on it and started to kick the side.”
“On the contrary, Doctor Watson,” he purred. “My brother insisted that no information other than your name would be given before you entered the room.”
The one when he looks like he is just about to laugh, mouth slightly open, marks of age round his eyes.
He raises his eyes and looks at Sherlock over the rim of his glasses. There is such unusual sincerity there and he suddenly sees the young Sherlock sitting opposite him in the university pub, nothing but distaste in his eyes.
He soon realised it was bin day and if he didn’t hurry he would have to look for the dangerously infectious liver from the tip. Probably with a hazmat suit on.
John is still leaning against his chair but his eyes are cast down so Sherlock can’t see his expression.
Sherlock scowls and turns to Lestrade with a pleading expression but the photographer drags him away from the Detective Inspector and John standing giggling next to him.
Sherlock’s own phone begins to ring. Clutching the pink phone in his left hand, he takes his phone from his breast pocket and replies.
The Union Jack is next to fly and Sherlock dodges just in time but is caught by John’s foot that extends in front of him, sending him crashing on the rug. John jumps astride on his back and begins to explore his sides in search of ticklish bits.
“Now, you say you first saw it after you’d spend the afternoon in your garden trimming the nettles smothering your roses?”
He knows he can’t dodge it forever. It will all change, the quiet mornings with John in the shower, his ear pressed against the wood. Lazy Sundays of bickering, takeaway and John begging Lestrade for cold cases. John tapping away on his laptop, writing up their newest case.
When John’s phone wakes him up with its ringing (one of the homeless on the other end lying to him about Mrs Hudson being the victim of a fatal sniper-attack), Sherlock has been sitting in his chair just long enough to calm his breathing, pinching his thigh through his trouser pocket he wills himself not to cry.
Sherlock hasn’t seen John’s parents in over two years, and they both look at him like he is not quite there, like they don’t know where he belongs in this hideous play. They sit opposite him and Mycroft on the uncomfortable plastic chairs and wait for news. Sherlock watches John’s father stare stoically down at the floor, jump up every once in a while to pace the hall, only to sit down with a heavy sigh after a couple of laps. It’s horrible to see him like this, because Mr Watson is never silent, never fidgeting. He is always bubbling with energy, with laughter and jokes, and to see him like this makes bile rise up in Sherlock’s throat.
He leaves a note on the coffee table, kisses Sherlock’s forehead and takes the short trip to Tesco and back. The bag of groceries drops on the floor with a clunk the moment he sees Sherlock, shivering on the floor by the sofa. He looks up at John, eyes red and cheeks damp, and John folds to his knees in front of him, runs his hands over him, looking for an injury.
“The security there is even tighter than at the Parliament, and the members are not allowed to talk within the walls of the club. They respect each other’s privacy and what is done for this country behind closed doors,” he had continued as he ushered John into a car and driven to an innocuous looking white-bricked building in the heart of London.
“He is a rich prick. They can always afford to lose a few quid and I never feel bad for taking their money.”
) after it had been slipped on for the first time and never having seen a clean day since, what with all the running in sewers and dirty alleys and probably being covered in dirt and suspects’ blood more often than was necessary.
He watches John in clubs surrounded by people way younger than him. Sherlock wonders whether the Kesha song beating from the speakers reminds John of Moriarty and the Semtex vest. Apparently not, since he keeps on moving to the music instead of running away as fast as possible. He is not young, bored or pretty. No, he is devastatingly beautiful as well as a good dancer, and the women around him are clearly interested.
“With the strictest confidence,” Mr Hartley had assured him when he had inquired about the safety of the place.
Somehow Lestrade has sneaked his way next to her when she hasn’t been looking, and so she jumps to high heavens when he yells,
After a few seconds of silence, Sherlock opens the door and scrambles out. Jim yells after him, trying to tell him to wait, but Sherlock is out and a bullet comes whistling through the air from a bush and hits him on the side. He falls down in the dirt with a yelp but before the gunman hiding in the dark has a chance to finish the job, Jim releases a series of shots over the car to where he has seen the muzzle blast. A hollow growl rises from the dark. Then it’s quiet again.
He tried to relax, to concentrate, to take command of his senses. Breathing in, straining his ears, squinting his eyes he tried to see around himself, the smell of bile lingering in the cool crisp air.
Sherlock shook his head. The coffee helped. The comforting smell of it allowed him to pretend that nothing was amiss with the world. He was one again the cold-hearted thinking machine Mycroft said he was, unaffected by emotions and desires unlike other people.
Ashtray back in one piece, though the crack still fairly visible, John places it on the window sill to dry. Then he goes to the kitchen and gets a garbage bag and a rag and holds them out for Sherlock.
He watched John stop at the edge of the wood, stretch his neck to the side and listen to a bird that had begun to sing in the distance. A big one, a stork maybe, and not far away. He watched as John stood motionless in the moss, his senses stretched to their utmost, listening to the bird sing and yet completely aware of everything happening around him.
Sherlock stands in front of him, ready to jump out of his skin, doesn’t know for the life of him how to ask for advice from his brother who he hasn’t gone to for help in over twenty years.
Of course Sherlock wants to ask. He wants to know what Moriarty did to John in the hours between the front door of 221 closing behind his heels and his reappearance at the pool. He wants to know if he just has to pluck all of Moriarty’s teeth out with pincers or to stable his fingers on a table and burn the room around him so that the screaming inside his head will stop.
“No,” John shakes his head with a small smile, looking incredulous like heblames himself for actually believing for a moment that Sherlock had feelings.
So Sherlock decided to bring in the cases instead, since photos of organic matter (no matter how deceased) did not count.
He took a step forward, suddenly unsure whether he should go on. The scream indicated that John had been successful in his rampage and that at least one of the people with shotguns, however many there were, was disarmed. But it was stupid to assume anything.
If Watson still dreamt about the horrors of the war, it was a mystery as to why he had chosen to continue to keep close to it by working as a doctor in a military hospital. There was also the military gear he had clearly kept for sentimental reasons as well as his easiness with firearms.
“Ah,” her fingers press against his wrist. “So it’s not that you don’t want to. You just don’t have the courage to ask.”
The first thing that does is another car that appears next to theirs and tries to push them off the road.
John seems to freeze on the spot, not even his hands are clenching against the chair anymore. He stares at Sherlock and for the first time he looks like he might actually hit him.
He chuckles but as they walk through the open office space, John eyes catch the eyes of several familiar officer’s and his gaze flicks towards a familiar door that leads to his old quarters. His face grows grim and he stares at the floor until they are out of the building.
He thinks about the look on John’s face after he has deduced his whole life and laid it out in the open in front of him, making him only look slightly miffed about it. Then John actually turns up at the flat the next day, shakes his hand when offered and looks like he might consider living with Sherlock.
John sighs. Sherlock spits water and lays gasping against John’s chest, hands digging into his biceps.
He leads him out of the warehouse, clicking his fingers so that the gunmen scatter around across the room, one jumping in the car and turning it on, other two running to the opposite wall to pull open another door. The car disappears through it into the dark, the two men following close behind.
Luckily, Mr Hartley seemed to be an excellent judge of the situations surrounding him and saw John’s discomfort. Stepping aside, he offered John the chair he had been sitting in and pulled another one for himself.
“Never mind Perkins. He’s going blind with age. Probably didn’t even realize the dog was the only thing covering your modesty.”
The first time he goes to a crime scene after Lestrade has officially taken him back, Anderson begins to talk loudly about what a
The battle ends with a kick from John’s knee hitting Sherlock’s temple and they call it a draw. Not the hollow humming inside his head or the ostrich egg sized bump that is forming on his head can take away the glee Sherlock feels as he lies on the dusty rug, hand up John’s jumper, having searched and found where the good doctor tickles, and John does not comment on the hand but lets it be.
Doesn’t make it any easier when the topic moves on from them and Moriarty’s plan to a direction Sherlock does not want it to go.
“Go to bed,” he instructs Sherlock. “Be with your mother. You barely see her anyways and you promised her to be on your best behaviour. It’s only for another day, anyway.”
“I don’t know why I’m so surprised, to be honest. I don’t know why it even matters. I never thought you trusted me, not really.”
So he decides that before John can get the words out of his mouth and embarrass himself further, become awkward round Sherlock (God forbid), Sherlock decides that taking him to see his idiot of a banker acquaintance is better than any other solution at the moment.
The sudden heatwave ended as fast as it had begun, and the last day of August brought with it a rumbling thunderstorm. Heavy rain rattled the windows of the cottage, the wind howled in the chimney, and neither of them stepped out, but sat and listened to the storm ravage the landscape. The bright sunlight had disappeared behind heavy dark clouds, the song of the birds had been replaced by a howling wind and crackling thunder that shook the cliffs. Once they heard a boom like fired from a shotgun and seconds after a tree fall in the forest with a heavy thud.
Sherlock, never paying much attention to her mother’s ramblings, had offered a solution in the form of a softly mumbled suggestion, almost a thought spoken out loud by accident, that she should invite the Trevors. This was succeeded by an exclamation of glee from his side for having checkmated his brother yet again, followed by an even louder one from his mother who deemed her son’s idea worth a run to the telephone and loud orders to the butler to get two extra plates for the table.
“Why? You feeling bad that I didn’t get the information you needed and failed miserably at what is apparently the only way I am useful to you?”
“The devil is indeed in the details and criminology, like literature or painting, is an art, no matter what those Soutine enthusiastics might say. That’s right, I am looking at you, Wilkins. The next time your girlfriend complains about the crime scene photos, make sure to look at the
He had wanted to come to the station, to follow Victor for as long as he could, hold his hand until the last moment, until the conductor blew his whistle and the train began to move so that he would have had to run beside it to the end of the platform.
By then, John has long since outgrown his dungarees with his name on the back. He is more into everything edible nowadays and Sherlock likes to sneak little snacks for him when their mothers’ are not looking. John’s favourites are the dried fruit Sherlock’s mother buys from a small shop on Mortimer Street and uses to make healthy snacks for her sons.
. The sitting room is filled with policemen and Lestrade, who sits in Sherlock’s chair like it’s a throne.
John felt like he had been following a very fast-paced tennis match. His head swam with all the information. With each delivered retort, the brothers had seemed to become more ready to fly to each other’s throats though neither had moved an inch.
“Scratch my back,” he repeats sitting down by John’s chair. His attempt to lean against John’s legs is stopped by a foot that presses hard against his shoulder blades.
When the inevitable sneeze comes, Donovan turns around to offer some kind of condolences. Sherlock beats her to it, though. He has taken off his scarf and is winding it around John’s neck.
Also, she was known as a woman who never raised her voice, so it took John by surprise that she would run around in the halls, calling out his name.
When no case is in sight, they visit Bart’s regularly. On a Monday, Molly has tied her hair up in a new way and is wearing a silk scarf round her neck.
Three hours later John had fallen asleep against Sherlock’s shoulder and Sherlock himself was bored out of his mind. Continuing John’s earlier task of counting the tiles had not proven to be a long-term way to kill time, so he had been calculating how long a line they would make and how much plaster had been required to put them in place. He was on his way to concluding how many Lestrades standing on their heads would fit in the room when John startled awake.
He took Sherlock’s hand and led him towards the end of the store and the enticing aroma of freshly baked bread.
Towel safely somewhere in the general vicinity of the door, John tries to remove Sherlock’s feet from his person, dealing first with the one giving him incontinence. He grasps Sherlock’s ankle lightly to drag it out of his pants.
Sherlock snatches an edge and places it on his side of the blanket where he has been building the upper half of Van Gogh’s self-portrait.
He opens the door to the warehouse. This time there are no muscular men with machine guns hanging around the place. Just a bloody body in the middle of the floor, lying on a piece of dusty carpet.
He doesn’t really hear Lestrade’s question on why the hell he has a text alert noise like that, and half misses the fact that John has been counting the texts Irene Adler has sent him. Because the text says ‘Mantelpiece’, and there is a box the colour of her lipstick sitting on it.
with Mr Harper,” she said the word like the current political climate was personally responsible for separating her son from her in the middle of her party, “but this is my youngest, Sherlock.”
Sherlock nods, back pushed against the mattress, shivering from head to toe at the sudden return of contact.
“Loving parents, annoying older brother, went to all the right schools, never missed a meal at home. I’m as regular as they come.”
He was not unlucky by nature. On the contrary, he was jumping into danger and exciting situations others avoided at all costs by his own free will as often as he could. But apparently tonight he was cursed to fall victim to freak occurrences that had to be some higher power’s way of ensuring he had a reason to hate Christmas more than he already did.
Now both John and Doctor Albertson had their brows furrowed. Doctor Albertson’s bushy eyebrows were stitched together so tightly he looked like a very concerned walrus. In any other situation, John would have found it very funny.
After the United Nations published a Joint Declaration describing the extermination of Jews in Nazi camps John barely moved from the radio, listening to every piece of information the monotonic male voice would give him, still barely eating, not moving even to go to bed at night but falling asleep by the radio.
He hears Victor breathe in with a little stutter, almost like a laugh, and he looks up. Victor has leaned back in his chair, fingers covering his mouth, lips spreading slowly into a smile.
“And you seem to think that what makes a perfect partner is only smoking like a small chimney, drinking like a sponge at your parents wedding party and taking only two years tostart writing a note on the lid of the Tupperware if it happens to contain cut-off fingers ---“
His voice was gentle but firm and he spoke quickly, eyes darting back and forth between the dark forest and Sherlock’s face.
He buries his face deeper into the white cotton and tries to block out both Sherlock’s voice calling his name as well as the tugging at the leg of his pyjama.
in the way we live our lives,” Sherlock hisses. “Why should it change now? Instead of waiting until the third date to invite her to ours and introduce her to your bedroom and possibly to me, why not jump ahead a little, introduce her to one half of it now, get it over and done with so she can ditch you - or vice versa if you prefer - because, let us be honest, you are only keeping up this charade of dalliance because you have a ridiculous need to feel competent as a man, not because you are looking for anything permanent.”
Sherlock sees the knife chucked towards John’s heart sunk deep into his bicep and John himself fall on the ground with a loud gasp, hitting his head on the pavement as he goes. The suspect has already disappeared round the corner when Sherlock falls to John’s side.
“Did I really leave such a fleeting expression? Not boyfriend material? But then again, that was rather the point.”
“Easier to track them down when I don’t have to go through all the people in your class. I have some very artistic torture methods in mind.”
The door closes downstairs but Sherlock is already picking up his laptop from the floor, typing up a new post on his website to invite the bomber for a rendez-vous.
He stares at the saliva-dripping object on the small palm, looks back at the solemn face, and shakes his head. He buries his face back into the book, preparing himself for the crying that is bound to come. But the child stays silent and he lifts his head up, intrigued.
Sneaking through the kitchen and the sitting room and actually using the front door was obviously out of the question. John would likely alarm Mrs Hudson beforehand and even though she was a frail old lady, her hearing was still perfect and she could scare you half to death with a look and glare lightnings that hit you in the heels as you ran away.
“Freak!” Donovan greets, eyes slightly distant, breath sour. “I see that John finally did the smart thing and baled on you.”
“5.56, then, love,” said the woman bagging their groceries in one of the ridiculously frail see-through bags.
“That no one has been able to decipher before me and which reveal that there is an imminent threat,” his brother said. “This is not news to me, Mycroft.”
She giggles less but smiles more, drops objects less often and passes the halls of Bart’s like she is floating a few inches above the floor.
A light from a torch shone across the moss. John walked slowly towards them, keeping his gun aimed steadily at the soldier. He rolled the body over with his shoe, then kicked the rifle away just to be certain. Only when he saw the whiteness of the man's eyeballs, his gaping mouth and the small trickle of blood make its way steadily down his face he dared to turn away and look at Sherlock still lying trapped under him.
He could still see nothing, could hear nothing, but he felt that the man was there, waiting for him to move first.
John is so small, so blue, so freezing, and Sherlock begins to breathe life back into him, praying inside his head that this is not the only time he gets to kiss him.
Through the smoke and rubble John’s eyes try to find Sherlock, who has dived away from Perkins a millisecond before the grenade has gone off. Smoking shoes about three metres away, the only thing left of Perkins, go unnoticed as he stays low and looks for a sign of movement, eyes stopping at a crouching figure on the floor. He stares at the whimpering mess of a man attempting to crawl further away from the centre of the wreck. Sherlock is covered in the blood and pulp of Perkins’ once whole combination of flesh, skin and bone, dust settling calmly on top of it all, on Sherlock’s ruined clothing and hair that is heavy with the gory mess.
Sherlock hated her and her sandwiches. She was constantly eating something pickled and always smelt like vinegar.
Lestrade phones. This time Sherlock is ready to kiss him and pay his mortgage instead of slaughtering him and hiding the body. Everything is beautiful again. He slides into his suit and coat all at once, kisses Mrs Hudson goodbye and runs all the way to King’s.
John made a very mouse-like noise when he heard the sound of the expensive shoes returning, but they continued right on without stopping to inspect the room again.
John doesn’t reply, doesn’t even look at him before Moriarty sneaks behind him and breathes in his ear,
All done, John sprays Sherlock clean of the soap, drains the tub and lifts Sherlock up. He drapes the towel over Sherlock’s shoulders and has to dodge away when his arms start to wave, and he wails,
“I’ve read all about you, Mr Holmes! Your website, the articles, your husband’s blog. Brilliant stuff! Especially the blog.”
Outside, the police are finally doing their job by scattering the crowd, somehow keeping quiet at the same time. The man pulls himself back in and gives Sherlock a dazzling smile.
He keeps his distance and hopes every second that the next text he gets is from John or that when his phone rings it's John calling.
“Are you okay?” she asks, interrupting him before he can even begin to lie. “And don’t just say you are if you don’t mean it, because I know what it means, looking sad when you think no one can see.”
In the dead silence that follows, Sherlock studies, suddenly intrigued, how the woman’s eyes get so large they look like they will pop right out, then darken into almost black and reduce to slits. She raises her hand and gives him a slap across the face so hard his ears ring.
Trying to keep his eyes on John’s face, Sherlock shook his head violently, feeling the red hot embarrassment spread across his chest and face. He was glad of the polo neck jumper covering his body, the night air having been so cold he had had to sleep in the thick jumper as well as a pair of flannel pyjamas.
Sherlock pondered on the last remark as Mr Trevor continued to edge his hand up over his trousers. He did not seem at all disturbed that someone could in fact see and hear them, but instead inched to sit even closer to him, fingers lingering on the tendons between his thigh and groin, leaning in to whisper in his ear,
John grabbed his hand, the sudden small clink of metal against metal pulling Sherlock out of his daze of
In the silence that followed, John felt his cheeks turn hotter and hotter which had nothing to do with the warming fire or that the other two occupants had their eyes directed squarely at him.
A gunshot tears a hole in the air and through the cabbie’s chest right through his heart. Sherlock almost falls back in surprise and when he turns round to see who has fired, the window opposite is already empty.
Sherlock’s whole body is so concentrated on following the stick fly to the pool that he completely misses John’s leap at Moriarty’s neck until the sudden movement and the grunt from the consulting criminal pull him back into focus.
Disgusted, he turns round to type her measurements on the safe’s keyboard. Hand on the handle, he looks over his shoulder, not to check he has been correct but because his instinct tells him that though this woman is extremely vain, she is not stupid. He looks at her for possible additional instructions and gets them.
He writes to her. She keeps close contact, describes every detail of her child’s life but never sends him pictures. He guesses it would be too intimate. She signs each of her letters the same, with a sprawling beautiful hand,
“Wounded one of them. Mortally, I hear. The other one’s still missing. Probably lying in a ditch by now, head blown in, yes, yes...”
“If the rumours are anything to go by and a tom actually stole his heart before it got to Stinsford, you’d probably get as
He goes to get them more tea and when he returns John has finished his breakfast, moves past him with a sharp “We’re gonna miss the train”, and walks away. Sherlock lowers the teas down on the table so forcefully that the hot water sloshes over the rim and runs after him.
“Don’t ask questions now, please, John,” Sherlock begs as he pulls out a suitcase from the closet and begins to stuff John’s jeans and underwear in it. He pulls the shirts out from the closet with the hangers still on them, stuffs them into the suitcase as well and goes to the bathroom to get John’s toilet bag. When he returns, John has gathered his wits and is throwing his stuff out of the suitcase.
The silence was broken by a knock on the door, followed by the entrance of Mycroft’s personal secretary who, without further ado, gave him a very perfunctory thumbs up. Mycroft nodded and the secretary exited the room.
So he offers her his coat to hide the disturbing nudity, and once she is enrobed in it she takes off her shoes and her sex appeal with them. Lacking her killer heels she is suddenly just a regular woman in an oversized coat, even her voice rises a few octaves to a more feminine chirpy tune.
“If you don’t count the two holes he has in his abdomen and the one in his arm, I’d say he is in tip-top shape,” Sherlock snarled.
My life is shit right now, has been for the past two years, and even writing doesn't feel like it used to. So don't worry if I don't update this or my other stories too often. I am not fine, but I am as safe as I can be and surrounded by people who love me.
“I didn’t know you could sing,” John comments back at Baker Street, sitting in his chair as Sherlock tunes his violin and drags the bow over it once or twice.
And she was always talking. Despite the instructions they had received upon arrival, she was always gossiping, always handing out useless pieces of information she had heard from sources she could not reveal, she said.
Musty smell of wet wood and dust welcomed him in. He was surprised at how small the cabin actually was. It had not looked like a palace from outside either, but inside it looked even smaller.
In the months that followed, Sherlock saw Victor Trevor several times. He was a close associate of Mycroft’s and involved with some of his more secret schemes.
John was surprised by the phrasing. It was not a question though he could hear the intonation of one at the end as a sign of a question mark.
Sherlock’s phone chimed in his pocket and a faint light lit up the insides of the box. Sherlock moved his arm so that John could see the screen and the text from Lestrade.
“Remind me to never get angry at you again for taking your boredom out on our sitting room wall,” John mutters as he flips the pager in his fingers.
The beach that opened by their front door was only a tiny stretch of rocks, but behind the cottage the forest loomed vast and full of unnerving sounds, like the presence of something that was constantly looking at them.
“It’s a cold case, give it up already!” Anderson groans as he pulls a chair over to sit next to Victor.
Referring to her by her preferred title, the Dominatrix, and what kind of services she provides gets a raised eyebrow from John and a muttered repetition of the title from Sherlock.
Sherlock shakes his head, shows the license plate to Lestrade who jumps up to make a phone call to check if the car has been reported.
The sitting room is cosy and warm, the windows open to the hot summer afternoon. But the table is a mess, full of papers and books, pens and Sherlock’s old magnifying glass, his laptop on top of it all.
The morning sun is shining straight into their sitting room and John is now feeling toasty and comfortable with both the luminous celestial body and Sherlock’s sleep-and-sickness-softened form warming him. Sherlock’s knees fit perfectly between his thighs, and John’s belly, deliciously softened by the past months’ consumption of Mrs Hudson’s fruit cakes and biscuits, is the perfect pillow for Sherlock’s chin.
He whips it out without looking at John, who is hovering near him, and offers it over his shoulder. Eyes still glued to the photos on the wall, he barely registers the swift kiss John plants on his cheekbone and is out of the door.
Sherlock hated the feeling of having invisible eyes on him. He had felt it last night, lying awake in his bed. As if hundreds upon hundreds of people had lined up under his window to peek in.
Lately, John has only gone out for a case or to go to work and there is no change in his behaviour, in fact he seems to be happy in his adrenaline-filled life of catching bad guys and eating dim sum at one in the morning.
John spreads his fingers and begins to drag his hand over Sherlock’s skin, looking for more scars. He finds one on his hip, two on his ankle (tiny bite marks like from a very large cat or a very small dog), lots of little ones on his hands, appendectomy scar on his stomach and a large fresher one on his shoulder.
“After I found out, there wasn’t a moment of remorse, not a second of thought about termination. I could finally have something of my own. The man was just a client, in town for a day, never to be heard of again. I could keep the child and no one could have a say into how I raised it.
He doesn’t need to see the powder burns on John’s fingers. He stands at ease behind the police tape, hands behind his back, eyes locking momentarily with Sherlock’s. And he knows. He must have seen Sherlock getting to the cab through a window, he ran to his rescue.
sounds in the flat. There have been cases, mediocre ones, none of which have taken more than a day to solve. Then he has been free to go back home to an empty flat, empty bed and stay inside his even emptier head.
He starts up his evidence wall again (John looks surprised but pleased and calls it his little crafts wall just to show him how happy he is that he is working again) and the wallpaper is soon filled with grease stains from old Blu-Tack and torn off in places by pieces of tape.
He remembers how awkward these are, beginnings. When he has to explain to a stranger what he does and how he does it. So he lays it out in front of John, bare bone and marrow and sits back to wait for the evident glare of mixed horror and embarrassment. He has said things about John he knows people usually think are very private and disturbing when brought up and several would punch him for stating them so casually.
On an afternoon, Sherlock comes home after a night and day spent away because of a date John brought home and who wouldn’t loosen the hold of her mouth on John’s the whole time Sherlock sat at the kitchen table. Now the kitchen is empty of women, only John is there, rummaging around, making something that could be pulau rice but lacks the telltale cashew nuts.
Sherlock arrives to the pool fifteen minutes to midnight. Enough time to refresh his memory about the exits, the windows and how best to enter the pool area so that he is seen clearly but that the gun in his pocket is not.
“The hours are better. I can actually go home when I’m supposed to and be with Sherlock. But I do miss it. The excitement. The familiarity of the unknown. Now the most action I get are runny noses and vomiting 3-year-olds.”
He jumps. Sherlock doesn’t even stop, but unconsciously indulges in the feeling of John trusting him so much already.
Usually it’s John who finds him. Before he is lit on fire like a human torch. John steps in just before the explosion, right before the door bangs shut and is locked by an invisible hand, right before the burning trees fall on him and rain down a shower of smoking pine needles.
It’s easier to see John only as a tiny dot. Not being able to count his wrinkles and trying to determine the colour of his eyes. He would never climb back up again after staring into those eyes for longer than a second, even with the sniper watching.
He bangs his suitcase on the sofa and turns around with a sort of pirouette to stare at Sherlock lying on his bed.
Sherlock thinks fleetingly (brain tuned to a frequency that sends the warning signs blazing inside his head if he does anything that might let John realise what he is not to know) how he must sound like mother goose when she spots her youngest duckling being carried away by a fox.
“He was young, probably had a blind belief in authority. I saw many people like that in my time: so trained to take orders they couldn't understand how anyone could live without them. If he had had any sense, he would have recognised you for what you are.”
Outside, John is standing on the steps leading to the huge garden, gazing at the stars. Sherlock presses the glass into his hand and looks up as well.
After the pot of mostly chamomile and a piece of toast partly shoved down his throat, Sherlock is snoring like a steam engine and drooling into John’s pillow.
She leans back against the bench with a sigh of contentment, shaking her head slightly, like she can’t quite believe what she’s hearing. She grows solemn when Sherlock suddenly asks,
He looks small, like he has shrunk down in his sleep, the white of his tee translucent in the moonlight. There’s a full moon, the night of werewolves, and Sherlock can’t sleep.
“What, are you telling me off for actually working out?” John exclaims mockingly. “Now, that’s a first. At least I take care of my health.”
“I find you attractive,” Sherlock begins.“Your aggressiveness towards me indicates you feel the same, but the tedious rules the society has placed on wooing has forced us to keep things slow and progress in a pace defined by an unknown indicator of customs and regulations which seem to be taken as truth by all sexually active human beings on the planet. Certain rituals have to be performed before we have sex. But now my formerly non-existent desire to have intercourse has suddenly been lit to a flame and directed solely at you. I am proceeding with the said customs accordingly, but all I really want is to have you as soon as possible.”
It pleased him to take Victor away from “their people”, as Mycroft called them. Men and women who walked in and out of parties, going on about the same things, same gossip over and over until Sherlock wanted to scream.
It is hard not to laugh at the image of John finding the note from the bottom of his mug after he had finished his tea and putting his limited deduction abilities to use, realising Sherlock actually tried to inform him about his movements, smiling when he understood he was not left behind but with a message conveying Sherlock thought about him before he left.
Sherlock visited every day, coming in as visiting hours began and only leaving when the security came to escort him out. Lestrade, Molly and Mrs Hudson also stopped by every day, but as reasonable people they coordinated their visits and never stayed for more than an hour.
John already has about half of his wardrobe stored in one of the closets in the room upstairs and he has a toothbrush and his own shampoos in the bathroom. But what Sherlock considers to be his greatest victory is that John has brought all his medical text books with him and even changed the address on his only subscription magazine.
His address changes so often it would be reasonable to assume that she would not be able to keep up. But every letter finds him and he devours each of them, a temporary escape from the dingy flats and pointlessness of the everyday that is only numbed by the regular occasions of a baggy pushed in his hand, cash exchanging owners and it’s like a light switch is turned on inside his head.
There is a tube of Pritt somewhere in the middle of the clutter on the table. Sherlock stands still with the matches on his open palm as John squeezes the almost dry glue out of the tube.
“I’m not going to leave you, just popping in the kitchen to get some stuff. Be right back,” John soothes the hand away from his forearm and strokes Sherlock’s hair.
He knew it would sting. But he is focused on the case again after a short relapse and manages to keep his voice cool, to explain to John that while he is important to him in more ways than just being able to use his personal charms to get rumours out of attractive women, he is genuinely interested in hearing how his evening went.
!” Sherlock screams and hurls the plate laden with mashed potatoes and peas at the wall. The smiley face gets the full assault of Mrs Hudson’s cooking, still smiling when the mix of yellow and green slides down.
She winks and is out of the room. John stares at the pot in his hands, lifts the top and sniffs. It smells like chamomile, it looks like chamomile and he dearly hopes the combination will fool Sherlock enough to make him drink it.
“There is no whipping! This is not a kink. But you are right about one thing regardless of your stupidity. Pull!”
Sherlock gets to thrash and squeal unrecognizable threats to a pillow for good long minutes before John relents and stops trying to suffocate him with the bedding.
At that moment, Victor strolled out from the bushes, touching the leaves of the trees as he went, ripping some off to admire them more closely. He did not seem at all surprised when he saw the pair staring at him.
John looks so small sitting at the table in the meeting room. His hands on his lap, eyes cast down he is like an abandoned child in a strange place where no one wants to help him. He looks up when he hears the door open.
But if you were dying, Sherlock is begging at him to understand, imagine you are going to die, you know it, you have a few last moments to use, what will you say?
Sherlock fiddled with his equipment, sweat dripping down his forehead and nose. He watched John walk to the faucet and throw water on his face.
“They’ve had me sitting around for so long that they’ve grown accustomed to me, and when you needed a caretaker I was very conveniently there. I came because no one else wanted to!”
He sets the socks and shoes on the edge of the pool, leaves the stork to guard them and drags Sherlock’s coat off of him. Sherlock's uncontrollable shaking makes him look like he is doing some weird dance. Between the clickety clack of his teeth he says that for once he could actually use the shock blanket the paramedics are usually so eager to provide.
John is standing at the door, leaning against the frame, watching Sherlock cough his lungs out. Mrs Hudson appears next to him, tuts and lowers the tea tray on the bedside table.
“If we can’t break the ice, we might as well dance on it,” he rattles the bag invitingly in front of Sherlock’s face.
There are times though, very few of them, when he doesn’t think about the phone at all. For instance, in early January, right after they have found out she is actually alive, John falls in through the thin ice covering the Thames.
“But then I look at him, and remember that underneath all that is the man I fell in love with. And I realise he has been there the whole time and not hiding at all. I remember that he loves me, and that I love him. Then I feel angry at myself for forgetting that. But he always does something that only he can do, he looks at me in his own special way or says something others might think is insulting. And we are back to just being in love, together. And that’s enough.”
for once, and he is out of nicotine patches. Then John walks briskly to him and pulls his arms round his waist.
But the inside of the house is spotless. She takes off her fur coat, revealing a skin-tight black satin dress with gold lamé sewn into it, then offers to take his but he refuses to be undressed. So she leads him upstairs with his coat still on, through a door to a vast bedroom with a four-poster bed and vanishes behind a screen to change into “something more comfortable”. He sits on the edge of the bed, inspecting her movements from behind the screen, her hair coming loose and she appears again dressed in a dragon green dressing gown, hair free, garters and knee-high socks visible through the fabric, no bra.
) before he crashes on the bed, ruining the silk with the mud on his coat and shoes. He doesn’t care, and neither will Mycroft who is on his way to pay the bill and collect the stiff whose bodily fluids are slowly soaking the cream carpet beyond repair.
He looked up. A piece of translucent onion was stuck between her front teeth, hanging in the air like a fibre of flesh as she flapped her mouth open and shut.
They are all so very similar, love-deprived and starved, and that is why he saves her in the end. He flies off to Karachi, puts his sword-fighting skills to use and takes the main role in her knight-in-a-shining-armor fantasy.
She is good at what she does, and Sherlock admires her for that. Just like he admires John’s hands for what they can do to heal someone or how he admires Moriarty for his interest in the game.
He smirks to the ceiling. He has his arm thrown over his eyes, so he takes a moment to analyse his surroundings using his other senses. Taste of champagne still sour on his tongue, the smell of two aftershaves and the heady combination of two breaths in an unaired room in his nostrils. The ache and the smugness are familiar, the smirk growing wider when he catches a glimpse of dark fingermarks on his wrist. But the happiness is something new, something bigger that wasn’t there the first morning.
John backs up several paces, his jaw set and his hands that just a moment ago were crossed over his chest now back to clenching into fists by his sides.
“I had to!” Sherlock bellows. “Jim was killing people! The explosions were all him. And now he has Irene and Harriet! I needed to think.”
He is taken home, he believes, because he wakes up in his own bed, clothes still on, head full of cotton from the drug, nostrils filled with a scent he doesn’t recognize yet, and John’s hand on his lower back pushing him to bed.
Sherlock is twenty-one and diving into the pool at the university gym. He is twenty-one and almost done with his thesis, a graduate chemist, as his mother fondly calls him. He is twenty-one and he has had sex with John for the first time on winter break and he still feels it at the soles of his feet. He dives deep into the pool and feels achingly happy.
“I think that’s the most sincere thing you have ever said to me. And I haven’t seen you that embarrassed since you thought I was coming on to you at Angelo’s.”
They are mercifully interrupted by Mrs Hudson calling for Sherlock in her motherly voice that is perfect to kill the mood. Irene Adler shuffles away with a regretful sigh. Mrs Hudson climbs upstairs, followed by the secretary who first took Sherlock to Buckingham Palace. He is taken to the airport, boards a plane full of corpses and finally it all seems to make sense until he hears the soft sinful voice sigh behind him, an elbow pushes him aside and Irene Adler is talking to Mycroft, promising to bring the nation to its knees in front of her unless she gets what she wants.
And since Sherlock now has no business being in or outside the courthouse, John sits through the rest of the trial and brings back news of the proceedings.
, like a cross on the IPA chart. He wonders how it can be so different when said by two such different people. The dark velvet of his brother’s voice, full of comfort and hope, and the simmering chocolate of the slightly nasal Irish accent that makes his skin crawl.
He let Nurse Ford take his burden without a fight and hurried past her towards the offices at the front of the building.
“Mrs Hudson has been an angel. She knows we can’t really afford the rent anymore, so she lowers it just the right amount every month or forgets about it altogether.”
The tension between them seems to have exploded with Perkins. Sherlock stays glued against his mouth and seems to push deeper into him with every movement so that John feels Sherlock will swallow him whole.
“There are certain… complications that come with the job,” he said. “One of which is the main asset of the operation, something that cannot be overlooked and that requires a very calm and consolidated mind around it.”
“What I’m trying to say is that if there’s anything I can do, anything you need, anything at all, you can have me. No, I just mean…”
“Your comfort comes second to my ability to hear my own thoughts. So shut up, Anderson, and don’t move.”
Sherlock had made his way into John’s dreams before, a distant figure somewhere at the edge of his consciousness, always there, never close enough. Slowly, so slowly, he had edged closer and closer though, until four nights after the attack he was there, in John’s arms, bleeding, gasping, staring up at John’s blood-smeared face, eyes filled with tears and mouth open, always screaming the same thing.
No matter what Moriarty might have said or done to John, his first concern was to make sure Sherlock is unharmed.
She takes him into the rich Belgravia, to a white house with marble columns by the front doors. He wonders if her pimp keeps a decent house or whether it’s just a show for the outsiders.
John waved his hand at him and jumped into the water. He came up a few moments later, hair wet and clinging to his skull. He splashed and shook his head, ringlets of water flying everywhere, before he dived back in and began to swim out to the open sea.
A fight in the middle of their date, a Chinese smuggling ring kidnapping and almost killing her and John does not scare Sarah away (though the last one makes Sherlock’s heart jump into his throat). She stays in the vicinity, allows John to stay over every once in a while but always makes him sleep on the sofa or the lilo. This apparently makes them friends, because John starts to date again and so in turn Sherlock returns to the Yard and to Bart’s, stays out as much as possible and always turns round and walks out if John happens to be wearing his date shoes.
Looking back on it, he had been a spoiled child. Pampered by his mother and excused from all punishment by his more than absent father. He had loved it from the first, the silence of the house and the secretiveness of the women when they were left alone in it, his mother and her devoted maids free to do as they pleased, without having to be constantly on their guard for men, to stand up when they came in and only to sit down when they did.
When he climbs back upstairs, Sherlock is sitting on the floor, bare legs stretched out in front of him, his dressing gown hanging loose on his shoulders, barely covering anything.
Mycroft sends him to Helsinki in the middle of winter. The cold and the blizzard clear his head somewhat and he finds a gift shop near his hotel that sells the most stupid little bric-a-brac one can get from their travels to faraway lands. Before he can think it through, he buys John a special kind of tea that smells sweet and comforting. Back at the hotel he thinks about flushing the stuff down the toilet like he did with the drugs, but instead ends up keeping the bag and carries it with him in his suitcase. Every time he opens it, the smell of the tea fills his nostrils and he thinks about John.
“Sorry, boys, but we’re in the middle of a murder investigation here and I know you are an invaluable part of it, but we have a consultant here who needs some peace and quiet to solve this one. Now, it’s really hot in here and the stiff is really starting to stink up the place. So if you could just keep it down for, like, 5 minutes?”
“Shut up!” Sherlock yells, and everyone close by stops to look at the empty spot he continues to scream at.
In December, news about ghettos, horrors of people dying of diseases and hunger in densely populated areas – after each of which John did not eat for several days – changed into news of trains full of people, concentration camps and gas chambers.
Oh, Sherlock is going to use this trick to his advantage again later. He is going to shrink all of John’s shirts down two sizes, make John get stuff for him from the highest shelf and steal glances at his stomach and back.
He watched from the window as John’s figure appeared from the thin spring mist gathering among the trees. The steady noise from the radio lulled him into a trance, allowed him to sink into the moment, to relax into watching John come out from the shadows, stomp his boots as he went, a rifle slung over his shoulder, the Enfield against his hip.
John is waiting outside his flat, standing by the door to shelter himself from the slight drizzle. He is dressed formally, black tux looking like it has grown on his skin, that’s how well it fits him.
John steps between them and the camera and takes out a white handkerchief from his pocket. He folds it into a square and places it in Sherlock’s breast pocket.
When John finally packs his bags at the clinic and takes the tube to Camden, he is over half an hour late and sweaty from running to get to the address Sherlock has texted him. He has texted him himself several times in turn, but has received no answer and if he didn’t know Lestrade was there he would be extremely worried. But the smile on the DI’s face when John finally huffs to a halt next to him on the road promises something good and Lestrade only raises his finger to his lips and points towards the house.
“Jim, you have been a good friend and a great enemy. I don’t really know which one I am more grateful for. But I won’t be talking to you again.”
The dummy is blue and green and has a picture of a ladybird on it. It is wet with saliva, gleaming in the summer sun like the most valuable jewel. Even the child’s hand is wet to the wrist. He must suck on it when he doesn’t have his dummy handy. Sherlock can see his first milk tooth peeking out. Clearly his parents are trying to wean him off.
common to invite one’s girlfriends over to meet your flatmate. So bugger off, Sherlock. I’m having a pint with Miranda and then we are going to go see a nice movie, all without you.”
“He beat the boys up. Didn’t break anything, none of them even bled, but he scared them so thoroughly that even now when we see them at Christmas they treat him like a king. You should see them grovel. I don’t think it hurts that he is now the British government and able to audit one’s company whenever he feels like it and fake one’s tax records convincingly if he wants to, but I also believe strongly that the image of an 11-year-old screaming in Japanese lives on.”
“Yes, how nice to see you again,” Sherlock tells the stairs behind Anderson, already crossing the floor to start climbing.
There’s the snide remark he came for and yet Sherlock doesn’t feel any better. Mycroft’s shoes clicking down the hall beat in tune with the pulse in his wrist, and when he catches a sight of his own dilated pupils in the full-length mirror hanging on the wall, he goes gasping on his knees on the Persian rug.
He knows John hates having his nipples touched, sees this in the way he tenses the one time Sherlock’s tongue goes anywhere near them, the way he whimpers softly, in a way that is in no way sexy or pleased.
There was only one room that formed both the bedroom and the kitchenette. In the middle of everything were two tables. One larger, obviously meant for his radio equipment, and a smaller one, merely big enough to fit two people and their meals.
Sherlock looked at the gun, the setting sun gleaming from its polished steel, a curious ant inspecting the barrel.
John gives him the silent treatment for days, never leaving the flat for more than to go to work or to the shops or to Mrs Hudson’s. He never strays far but sits in his armchair, back turned to Sherlock, doing anything but look at him.
He jumps upright at the voice, panic mixing with confusion and fear about what has happened to John.
Despite the pain, despite John’s possible attempts to stop him, he pursued the onslaught of lips on lips, not minding the ache and the after-effects it would bring.
John) and the clattering of the crockery and the chatter is making his teeth ache. He tries not to think of what he saw,
“When he wakes up, he will want to see you before anyone else, I’m sure. He would have taken you to the surgery with him, if he could have.”
Now Sherlock laughs, but he is clearly pleased with the news. Then he grows solemn, glances at the wall over the sofa where the collages about his cases would usually be but which is now completely bare. Instead, he turns to the desk and takes up a large notebook and hands it to Lestrade.
. I was having a good summer, listening to Thom Yorke's vocals and thinking "Yes, I shall write a fanfic on this." This was almost two years ago.
“You may have symptom-free days,” Doctor Mortimer continues, powered by Mycroft’s intervention. “You may go for a week without feeling any different, but over time you will get worse.”
“Shh!” Sherlock whispers, goes slowly to the door and looks in the hall. He listen for a moment, then closes the door and goes back to John.
Sherlock collects, gathers and catalogues and the image of John inside his mind palace gets stronger and clearer. He smells and feels every part of John and every surface in the flat to get him right in any possible situation. He categorizes John’s sexual preferences into a bookshelf he keeps cleanest and most organized, and makes sure he won’t trip on anything on his way there, always accessible, always necessary.
“I don’t think they’ll be very pleased to see the state of their back yard when they come to work tomorrow.”
He is up long before John, having woken up to dreams about wide open jaws and bloody teeth all night, dressed and walking across the moor before the sun has even come up. He climbs to stand on one of the rocky hills that allows him a perfect view across the moor, to the village, Baskerville and the minefield.
He keeps on giggling and gasping every time his back hits the floor too hardwhich makes him laugh even harder.
Trees. Everywhere around him. Trees so high they seemed to reach the sky, black with no moon or stars to light the firmament.
“I wouldn’t consider that a fault,” Mr Trevor said sipping his drink. “I was just saying to him how remarkable it is that he was able to get little Agatha to quiet down. Whenever I visit the Kovács, she lets out the mightiest howl and won’t stop until I’m gone. I thought she just hates me, but György ensured me she is like that with everyone.”
His lip is almost chewed to pieces and burning. He has bitten down on it when John hasbegun to recite Moriarty’s words, when he has pointed the gun at Moriarty/Jim-from-IT, bitten almost through it when John has jumped on Moriarty’s neck
Lost in thought, he doesn’t realise that John’s slight snores have stopped. He doesn’t notice the change in the rhythm of his breathing, just watches the rise and fall of his back, thinks,
“I am so pleased you could come,” she said, planting a kiss on the man’s cheek. “Mycroft is here somewhere, discussing
An hour later, he is crouched in an alley, the tourniquet pulled tight around his arm, the sweet burn of the drug coursing through his veins, the woman’s words like fire inside his belly, incinerating his insides worse than any narcotic.
The young constable stands in the doorway but now his right foot is inching over the threshold. His eyes are gleaming and his cheeks are red with excitement as he stares at Sherlock and blushes under his scrutiny.
Downstairs, John checks his and Sherlock’s phones only to see they have 40 text messages, 7 of which are photos of Sherlock looking like an oversized bat standing in the pool, one particularly good one of his slip, arms flailing like windmill wings behind him (if that is not going on the notice board at the Yard, John will eat the aloe vera socks). There are also 5 unanswered calls, all from Lestrade and an answer phone message where a very repentant sounding Detective Inspector asks after Sherlock’s well-being and apologises for anything his police force might throw at them via text message or online.
Two months earlier he had pulled him aside, given him a whispered lecture of behaviour in public and discretion concerning everything they did there, like he was a child.
John picked up a jar of gooseberry jam with his left hand, a jar of strawberry he usually preferred already in his right. He weighed them as if to see if the weight could somehow tell him which one he should take home with him.
“Larger than the crate we accidentally with no fault of mine got stuck in for mere minutes, but if the cause of your claustrophobia is not the lack of space but the lack of doors and windows...”
He doesn’t put it all together before it’s almost too late, but suddenly he knows exactly where to look. The first answer was on her body, the key code to her safe the measurements to what hides her best, the skin, flesh and bones covering her heart. This, her life, must be something much more intimate.
The due date comes and goes and Sherlock sits next to the phone whenever he is not with Molly, fidgeting and biting his nails. On the 18
He admires the steel-like shell, the fast-moving legs, the overall beauty of the rarity he is holding. He smiles up at John, whose mouth also spreads into a wide grin.
He stares at his shoes and kicks the ground. Once again, Victor has a flash of younger, angrier Sherlock walking round the courtyard with his hands in his pockets, muttering to himself.
“I’d rather get Master Hardy his socks since I’d most likely get an actual thank you from him,” John turns a page of
He has not said it after that, hasn’t dared. Not after the response he got then. Even now when he apparently looks like he is dying he cannot ask John to help him.
And now he knows how horrible it feels. Living your life in love with someone without them knowing it.
The room is enveloped in darkness. Sherlock listens to John’s breathing in the surrounding silence, straining to hear any unusual sounds.
The question is not unexpected and Sherlock has had time to form his answer. Glancing over his shoulder at Jim, Irene and Harriet walking slowly some distance away, he says truthfully,
“Every day I wake up wondering what I could have done to deserve you. I keep odd hours, I play the violin when I’m thinking and I never clean, to name some of my major flaws.”
“Brought you a little getting-to-know-you present,” he says to the empty room, waving the memory stick with the missile plans on it. “As a thank you for yours.”
They were such a mystery to one another, both going the wrong way to try and interpret the other. Irene took the only approach she knew, tried to arise Sherlock’s sexual desires, receiving confused data that made her test her powers anew with John.
“I’m fine with it, I really am,” John crosses his arms. “I admire you and what you do. I wish I could be as clever and good at it as you are. For a moment I actually thought you wanted my help. I thought you actually cared about the victims, despite what you said at the lab. So I tried to help. I took the phone from your coat pocket and went through it to see if I would notice something you might have missed.”
For security’s sake, Mycroft has parked at the back. For security and so that Sherlock does not have to see the blood still splattered on the pavement by the front door.
It helps him concentrate. Helps him remember that there is always a logical explanation for everything. And that the explanation to what he saw last night will most likely be found from Henry’s kitchen.
“Everyone has to get married,” Sherlock hurries to say. A giant lie, he knows, but maybe it’s a way to dodge the kind of love that comes with a broken heart. Both of their parents seem happy together, so maybe getting married has helped.
He was trying to sound cheery, and though Sherlock usually hated his feeble jokes and cheeriness he found himself smiling now which made his split lip hurt, and the whimper that followed made his head ache even worse. He opened his mouth to say something, another joke to lighten the mood.
A wave of disgust flashes over John’s face and he turns his head away. Sherlock wants to grab him, shake him and scream,
In the morning, he has a glass of water and two aspirins waiting for him on the kitchen table and a flat free of Sherlock (who has gone to Lestrade in order to see the evidence he had not bothered to come and see the night before). He is already asleep when Sherlock returns in the early hours of the morning and collapses on his bed.
The darkness seemed to swallow him here, under the giant trees that would probably have covered the moon itself even if it would come out from behind the clouds. Even the stars were hidden and Sherlock could not see his hand in front of his face.
“His practice round,” Donovan tells him while Sherlock discusses the location of the bombings with Lestrade in front of a huge map of London stabbed hesitantly on the sitting room wall with pins and Sherlock’s knife. Mrs Hudson walks in, tuts at the misuse of her walls and lowers a tray of tea on the desk.
Another silence followed, during which the position of power seemed to switch naturally between the brothers. Mycroft, having been terrified of inviting Sherlock here to begin with and having flinched at his outburst, now sat up straighter and firmer than before. Sherlock, though having been crouching down sprawled on his chair this whole time, seemed to lose all his remaining confidence and slump down further until he almost disappeared behind the desk.
“James Moriarty! Is he paying you to have me tied up, huh? Just wait until I get my hands on you, you ---”
“I wanted to give it to Redbeard. As a treat,” Sherlock opposes, looking around like he is expecting to see someone.
When Sherlock doesn’t even make an effort to thank her, she pats his hair and trots out of the room. She dismisses John’s apology of Sherlock’s rudeness with a quick wave of her hand and closes the door after her.
The pink phone in Sherlock’s pocket blings and a monotonic voice informs him of a new message. Four Greenwhich pips sound and a picture of an abandoned car appears.
In a daze he takes his coat and follows the man out of the door, into his cab and across London to a schoolyard where the man pulls out a gun. Unnecessary, that, and dull, but he continues to follow. All the way upstairs to an empty classroom where they sit down and
John is showering, and Sherlock presses his face against the door and pretends he is just a little bit closer.
Mycroft had arranged a car to arrive at exactly two o’clock to take Victor to the station and another one five minutes later to drive Sherlock to Milton Keynes. Just enough to ensure no one could see them together or that Sherlock would not have time to get to Victoria Station.
He stops suddenly, eyes straight ahead. The hands he has been clutching into fists loosen and Lestrade can see he is touching his wedding ring with his left thumb.
Never mind his tone now, it couldn’t fool anyone. John’s is calm but very, very low and his eyes are suddenly piercing, a shade of deeper blue than they have ever been. His fist is clenched against his thigh but it’s not shaking.
He grows bolder every day, biting occasionally and when John wakes up sore and stiff in the morning and moans his body’s misuse, Sherlock only smirks wickedly. For a moment he turns roughness into cuddles and bites into blowing raspberries on John’s skin until John laughs with tears streaming from his eyes and they forget to go further but fall asleep with their skin glowing and breathing deeply just from cuddling and laughing.
“You’re the only one I can trust,” Jim says somewhere far away. “It was just a misunderstanding. The guy pulled a gun at me. It was self-defence.”
His fingers hover over the skin before he dares to touch it, stroke over the point where the bullet crazed him only a few weeks back.
John comes home eight hours later and the moment he walks through the door, he knows something is wrong.
He turned round the corner to Mulberry Terrace, dodged an oncoming car narrowly and made his way to number thirteen. The curtains were drawn, but the lights were on and he could hear music. He knocked on the door and took his hat off to wring the rainwater from it.
“Sorry to hear you’ve been hurt,” a purring voice sounds from the hall and he presses the handkerchief back to his cheek and whimpers pathetically.
Sherlock wants to cry. He wants to burst out in tears because John is the first person since Mycroft to defend him. He wants John to see he is human, not like his mother. Crying would make him closer to John and get him further away from his mother.
Staring at John’s shoulder, Sherlock realises John never actually told him how he got shot. It is wonderful, that something so horrible brought John to him. Dipping his nose into the notch between John’s clavicles (John sighs, guttural and deep) he goes through all the good things he can add to his list by saying them out loud into John’s skin. Staring into his eyes (John chuckles softly, slightly uncomfortable, but flattered by the attention), finally able to categorise the exact blue of them, he takes a pen and writes it down in big, bold letters.
Sherlock had been prying details about Mr Trevor out of his brother all afternoon, enticing even his mother’s curiosity as to why he, a man who seemed to despise everyone, was suddenly so interested in someone he had barely even spoken to.
“One shard, two shards, three shards,” he counts as he swipes each on his palm and dips them in the bin.
Pulling sheets is important in a study of the person you are living with. It tells your compatibility with the said person, shows straight out whether you fit together or not. If you fold the sheets automatically the same way working with the other person like a clockwork, your cohabitation will be long and happy.
Sherlock lets go of his right hand, his own still securely locked with John’s left. Together they take John’s last step with support, then Sherlock reluctantly lets go of John’s fingers and sure and confident of himself John begins to walk towards his mother. The camera flashes again.
“But the hospital was real. And he was the one who put you there. Crawled inside your head and gave you in. Better finish him now or it will be the girls next.”
There is a massive crowd and surprisingly even more policemen gathered round the building. It’s like a fair, the sunny weather having lured the people out and with the hope of a show in the air the only thing missing are the popcorn stands. The noise hurts his ears and he feels trapped in the crowd.
“I’m not going, Sherlock,” John gulps half of his pint down his throat, like talking to Sherlock is an emotional strain and he needs to strengthen himself with alcohol.
The person on the other end, speaking through the mouths of his terrified victims, is not something Sherlock wants to become part of John’s nightmares. And since the brave, idiotic,
Only the instinctual sensation one gets in the back of their head when they know for certain they are not alone saved him from the blast of the rifle. He dived down to the moss, the bark flying from the tree raining over the spot he had stood in. But he was already crawling away.
“But you are not just a soldier,” the voice continued. “You are a doctor, so not just some nameless footman trained to endure the frontline of the battle. But the reason for you being here instead of on the battlefield or in some hospital helping the needy indicates that you
The tea sloshes on the floor by Irene’s feet, Irene, who is leaning against the doorframe, inspecting Sherlock’s nudity with gleaming eyes.
Against all rules of decorum, Mr Trevor excused himself almost immediately after dinner, claiming that he had an early meeting and a pile of papers still to go through, and asked if Sherlock would be staying at his mother’s. If not, it would be best to leave now for the papers had promised heavy snowfall for the evening. Mycroft, who was clearly about to express his opinion on this kind of behaviour, was silenced by his mother who all but stomped on his foot and directed her guest and son towards the hall. While Mr Trevor was outside hailing a cab, Mrs Holmes wrapped Sherlock in his scarf and kissed his cheek tenderly before pushing him through the door. She stood in the window and raised her hand in a small wave while Mycroft stood by her side, hands behind his back, stiff as a board, watching with growing worry as Mr Trevor helped Sherlock into the cab.
The crash is inevitable. His brain bangs against the insides of his skull, gnarling for something to chew on and Sherlock has nothing to offer it. No drugs, no case, and the only person who might be able to take his mind off it is somewhere having more fun without him and probably still won't say a word to him when he finally comes home.
He jumps even higher when his phone rings suddenly. The number is blocked but he knows who it is, who it
“So you see, you are, to put it bluntly, our last option,” he said, stuffing his tie back under his jacket. “This man has a reputation in the MI6, not less for being my employer’s younger brother - no, sir, I ensure you nepotism has nothing to do with this,” he said firmly at John’s eyebrows that had almost disappeared under his hairline.
Thick black blood pours out of its mouth as it speaks. The scene clearing from the dust, John can see that its lips are painted crimson, somehow shinier than the rest of its blood-covered face, almost pornographic in colour.
“I feel angry,” he replies. “Most of the time. And guilty, right after that. Because I didn’t see it. I’m angry at Sherlock, at… God, or whoever is there. At everyone that had anything to do with this. With him being ill. I know it’s no one’s fault. We can’t help things like these.”
Sherlock looks puzzled. The liver has begun to drip on the floor. John stares at it and waits for it to sprout tentacles. Or teeth. Or both.
She hasn’t written in a while. After inviting her to the wedding, receiving a declining RSVP and then being scared half to death by seeing the woman in his kitchen on the morning after his marriage he has not heard from her since.
He turns to look over his shoulder again. His bedroom door is open, nothing out of the ordinary is showing. Except that was were John was looking.
“I never replied!” Sherlock yells. “I didn’t tell you, because it has nothing to do with the case! He gave no clues as to who he is and where he was, so what does it matter?”
Shuffling, toes almost in a nose, another pair in armpits that make the owner squeal (Sherlock catalogues the high-pitched sound away, deciding to rely on John being ticklish in that spot later), a bite mark in a heel and several blasphemies later, the two are so tangled on the sofa they are not sure which body parts are whose.
“Noises from the forest, possible enemy contact. Estimated range quarter of a mile. Inform Falconer. Over.”
She still has not seen what John truly is. Behind the shell of comfy jumpers and military rest he is as addicted to danger and blood and violent situations as Sherlock is.
John first notices the rhythmic movements from the corner of his eye. He lifts his gaze and sees Sherlock’s feet shuffling against each other. He has stretched his legs in front of him, crossed his ankles and is waving away happily. Apparently he can’t keep himself still even sitting down.
“Can’t complain,” Sherlock replies, stacking papers and putting them away to make room for a glass of water and two pills John has brought from the kitchen.
John turns back to his shoes, only to see the toes still wriggling next to them. Sherlock is like a cat on hot bricks on an equally hot tin roof, in desperate need of some kind of closure.
Despite John’s stiff posture when he talked about Mycroft’s behaviour, how his hands had clenched only when he described the topic of their meeting, the information he had been given… Despite everything Sherlock was suddenly even more furious, at every emotion he could read so clearly from John’s eyes.
He took out a manila folder from a tall pile of identical ones, except this one barely had anything in it. Only a few papers and a photo. Mycroft handed the folder over the table and Sherlock saw his own angry face staring up at him from the photo.
“Lies, lies, lies!” Jim singsongs, taking a few waltz steps towards Sherlock, standing right at gunpoint. “All lies! All creation, all in your pretty little head. No real people there, no real wedding. You were asleep the whole time.”
He has not been this angry with Sherlock for a long time. So, despite the evident threat in his brother’s voice or the private secretary of the Queen being in the same room, Sherlock just has to take it a step further and so he attempts to leave the case and everyone included behind. He almost falls on his back when Mycroft stomps on the sheet and has to hurry to cover himself up.
He is happy about it but can’t understand why. Must be his inherent need to make sure everyone is safe.
The sudden movement hurt his face, his nose aflame with pain, but he kissed and kissed John, who groaned under him and attempted to gasp for breath enough to protest or kiss him back, which, Sherlock did not know.
But Mycroft doesn’t budge, doesn’t spare any details about his secret missions concerning her futureso Sherlock chases him out of the room with a flawless rendition of ‘God Save the Queen’, which makes John smile.
John’s steps are still unsure, wide and shaky, made almost comical by his large baby bottom. Sherlock holds his hands and moves carefully backwards while John tries to walk forwards, staring intently at his feet. It reminds Sherlock of Mycroft and the dance lessons he took with a girl not much older than him. Mycroft had stared at his feet too, scared to death that he would step on the girl’s toes and make her hate him.
“Matter? It matters, Sherlock, because when you don’t tell me these things, it just proves that you don’t trust me!”
Sherlock stood outside, frantically sucking on a cigarette, the tortured sound of burning paper wheezing in his ears.
“Don’t make people into heroes, John. Heroes don’t exist and even if they did, I wouldn’t be one of them.”
He thinks about the smile on Sherlock’s face when he first saw him together with John. Sherlock was positively glowing and he had his presumptions even back then. But couldn’t believe it of Sherlock, not his Sherlock.
Another radio operator had come in for her shift, set down her messenger bag with a pickled onion sandwich inside it, and chimed in with the latest war news to the circle of women and men gathered around one of the tables.
He snarled at Sherlock who was still slightly disorientated from the kick to his backside and the fall to the floor, twisted himself again so that he could hold Sherlock by his biceps and pressed both his knees against his torso, trapping Sherlock under him.
But it had been before, years ago in the early days of the war. John was an outcast now. The people dying on the front were unknown to him, though clearly just as dear.
The first thought that passes through Sherlock’s brain after the blood returns sends warning lights blaring and plan after plan to flip uselessly inside his skull, only to drop to the bottom.
John has shrunken to a dot. It’s easier to do it like this. He couldn’t come down if he wanted to, and even if he could, he wouldn’t want to.
John doesn’t say anything. Sherlock moves his gaze away from his hands, only as far as John’s shoes to see he is standing over the threshold, leaning against the door frame.
Sherlock watched as the stronger seagull glided away, the wind supporting its weight perfectly, carrying it away until it disappeared with its loot in its beak.
Afterwards they lay down on the grass, dripping with water, clothes set to dry next to them on the ground. Not even their undergarments to cover them, they were happy to let the sun warm their skins.
He thinks about the first time he was able to admit it to himself, on his hands and knees on the Persian rug in Mycroft’s office, tears dotting the royal pattern, the mirror reflecting each jagged movement, each torn emotion, and he had no way of escaping it.
John, still half asleep, accepts the bags, their fingers brush, and John goes to the kettle, muttering to himself about giants. The machine starts with a hum, a cough and is soon blowing out steam like an old railway engine.
John wears tight button-ups and jumpers that reach his neck enough to hide any extra skin. He is ashamed? afraid? furious? because of the scar tissue on his shoulder, and so he hides under layers of plaid and stripes and cable-knit. He only comes out wearing the old shirt (a decade old at least, must be important to him if he still chooses to wear it) when he has absolutely no choice, and though it makes Sherlock’s heart beat that much faster, he must be hiding it well for John gives him no more lifted eyebrows after the first morning.
is there. Some sort of social gathering arranged by Victor Trevor, one where he doesn’t have to buy a single drink for himself or the girls he tries to get into his bed by offering to buy them a drink.
It was too early to make assumptions, but regularly occurring nightmares could indicate a trauma and a
A crash and hurried footsteps from outside their prison informed John that Lestrade had arrived, obviously running straight into the thugs running around the warehouse. John hoped dearly that the man with the machine gun didn’t get a chance to shoot all the Yarders before they could free him and Sherlock.
The command comes so suddenly John has no time to react. He staggers forward, trips on the sheet and lands on Sherlock and the pile of bedclothes waiting for their turn of whipping-pulling-folding on the floor.
It’s nothing like the drugs. It doesn’t flow like melted honey into his veins and make him feel blissed out and light as air. Before the bliss of unconsciousness sets in, it burns and sears and floods his veins, making his blood boil and feel like he is set on fire from the inside.
“I can feel these ones too,” John said, waving his other hand slightly, Sherlock’s face going back and forth with it as he was still busy bestowing kisses on the knuckles.
They have a very decent leather sofa in the sitting room that could easily fit two people and a bowl of popcorn in the middle or three people and perhaps someone could hold the bowl. But the furniture is more often than not occupied by Sherlock who takes the space of three people and more with his ridiculously long legs that are without exception hanging over one of the hand rests. (Unless he is sulking which is the time John knows it is least safe to be anywhere near those feet. Even with Sherlock crouched in one corner in foetal position to leave a spot for someone John's size, he would only be greeted by a kick in the thigh if he was to sit down.)
“Oh, you wicked, wicked man,” he sighs leaning against Sherlock’s chest. “Just amaze them fast as you can. I can’t feel my fingers.”
John lay in bed, browsing the details of the murder, occasionally making notes of something interesting, while Sherlock stood stock still in front of his wall.
But John asks it constantly. Just like with his praises, he has used every possible way in the English language to check how he is doing, how he is
“Well done, sir,” he said through gritted teeth. “Your brother has obviously prepped you well on who is to accompany you on this mission.”
Sherlock looks confused while John’s red puffiness has melted into one of his stoic white-as-marble expressions of sarcastic,
“I always knew. Hartley – the man who offered me the job – he acted weird when he spoke about you, and then your brother invited me to a private meeting before we left. He told me. And I told him your history didn’t matter.”
So rare that feeling. It sends other memories flooding in. Mycroft, Mrs Hudson, aunt Cecilia, father. And then, the familiarity of the lips reminding him of the red lipstick print above his jaw when he woke up, head hollow from the drug, the imprint of her mouth mostly rubbed on his pillowcase, the skin shining red after he noticed it in the bathroom mirror and scrubbed the stain away with a nail brush.
It’s almost been a year since they met again, Sherlock is about to turn thirty (which in his head equals as the beginning of a new era, a fresh decade with no drugs), and John has moved in with him to a flat on Baker Street. It’s still Sherlock’s flat, mostly, but little by little he has helped John realise the futility of using his paycheck to live so far away from his job, from the buzzing of London. From Sherlock.
The pub is full of smoke and glasses clinking against table tops. There is already a crowd, even though it’s still early evening. Jim has lured him into playing a game of chess on the pretence that besides beer, no one would be there.
“About what?” he spits out, eyes darting to the men who look like they are flexing their muscles under their shirts, ready to bounce.
Buttoning up his coat, he cursed to himself with every unsuccessful attempt at getting a button through its appropriate hole, growing angrier and angrier by his soaked dinner jacket and the uncooperative coat until he gave up completely, wrapped his scarf around his neck and turned to walk through the door.
The light catches Moriarty’s eyes when he turns his head. For a second they look blinding, glowing like they are all white.
So he jumps into his clothes and follows the car to an abandoned factory, just in time to hear John tell Irene Adler to reveal she is alive.
