The omega put forth more effort this time, and was able to loosely squeeze Tony’s hand.
kidding about speaking to us in Python so we need to get straight to the point, and fast,” Rhodey said, clearly trying to convey just how dire the situation was.
Tony felt like days went by as he looked into Steve’s deep blue eyes, searching for any hint of an answer. As if in slow motion, Tony saw Steve’s features transform as he burst into laughter. The initial feeling that Tony was met with was fear, then shame. As if he could read Tony’s mind, Steve immediately stopped laughing and shook his head.
Both of his friends gave him a look silently asking
“Why would you think that?” Tony asked, trying not to let on that she was right.
Tony sat in his chair, less than amused as Ty got it all out of his system. It was several minutes before he could actually talk again but once he did, Ty couldn't stop smiling.
“Eighteen yolos,” Tony smirked. The woman rolled her eyes and handed his ID back to him, along with a room key.
“You guys are too fucking weird,” the brunet spoke, walking into the kitchen for a drink.
“Well, I can have someone at SI look into it if you need,” Pepper offered, pulling out her phone to send out the assignment.
Tony ran from the office all the way down the stairs and outside, to find that it was pouring. He tried to flag down a cab, and once one stopped, he jumped in, giving the man extra to step on it. They made good time until they hit traffic that brought them to a dead stop. Tony wanted to wait it out, but after five minutes, he couldn’t wait any longer. He jumped out of the car and ran the rest of the way, making it to Steve’s apartment less than ten minutes later. He knew he looked like a complete mess, but he didn’t care. All that mattered at the moment was fixing things with Steve and getting him to come back to Vision.
robotics.
“Hey, sorry, I didn’t want to disturb you. It looked like you were pretty focused on whatever it is you were doing.” Steve said, looking somewhat bashful as he moved to stand in front of Tony’s desk.
“How did you… do you still have my key?” Steve questioned, now becoming furious.
“Is that all that’s got you so stressed?” Bucky asked, apparently better at reading Steve than the blond had thought.
“My turn to top.”
“Trust me, between the students, their parents, other teachers, and Fury, you’ll have plenty to worry about.”
Tony had grown fond of Peter, and though he was loath to admit it, he really enjoyed getting to spend time with him. During the previous year, Tony had come to learn all about Peter’s life, struggling with bullies, losing his parents, living with his aunt and uncle, losing his uncle, and making efforts to help look after his aunt May as she got older. Peter had been through more tragedies, obstacles and setbacks than anyone should ever have to deal with, and yet somehow he still managed to exceed the expectations set for most teens living under normal circumstances. Tony saw so much of himself in this kid, and he knew that come hell or high water, he’d do whatever it took to make sure that Peter was taken care of and had every opportunity to achieve success.
The first hour or so of work was spent learning where everything was and how the store worked. After that, the rest of the night was filled with getting to know the other bartenders and serve the few customers they had. By the end of the night, as Steve made his way into his apartment, he was tired but beyond excited. He went to sleep that night more than ready for his next bartending shift.
As a gust of wind blew by, Steve pulled his coat a little closer to keep himself warm.
“Well, have a good night, Steve,” Tony said, as he started walking towards the front door, “oh, and keep the change.”
“I mean how long have you been unhappy with me? How long have you wanted to end this? And how long have you been
“All da udder kids will LOVE deese,” she explained, calmly. “Dere
“You have a...guest at the house.”
“Hey, so what is it exactly that you have to say about what’s going on that I might not like?” Steve asked, slowing his pace to allow more time to talk. Bucky looked at him, warily, trying to decide how to word his response.
Tony jumped up to get dressed while he waited, and scrambled across the room when he heard a text notification.
“Well, now that I have a sugar daddy, I figured ‘Why not, it’s Christmas.’” Tony licked his lips, looking at the bottle longingly. “What’s wrong?”
He asked, finally turning to look at her. She looked on the verge of tears as she bit her lip, not meeting his eyes. She took in a long breath before turning to Steve.
“Knock knock,” Peggy called as she let herself in.
She fought with the other kids at day care.
“Tony, I can’t…”
“Jesus, you guys already have lunch dates?!”
“Well, it looks like I’m going to have to call it a night. I’ve got an early morning ahead of me tomorrow.”
With the address in hand, Tony called a cab and made the half hour trip to see Steve. For all his grumbling about how angry he was with the omega, Tony still made a point to bring the gift he had gotten for him.
“Hey, what’s your schedule look like today?” Steve asked, as he had every day for the past two months.
while we drove her somewhere!”
That stopped Ty in his tracks. “You seem to have a different air about you than you did when I was last here. What’s got you in such great spirits? Fix things with your buff blond?”
“No, I suppose not,” he answered, ashamed that he’d been caught, “let’s go inside.”
“I know. They’re very cool. But they aren’t the kind of shoes that you need. We came here to get sneakers.”
“Just eat the food Tony.”
“So… here we are saying goodbye again,” Steve spoke, trying to even out his breathing.
Tony felt the blood drain from his face at that. He hadn’t told a single person in the office, save for Pepper and Rhodey about the side work that he did, for fear that he might get in trouble. He had no idea how Coulson had managed to find out about it.
The two looked at each other for a moment, before breaking off into laughter. Steve took the time to look at the man beside him, and felt a strange surge of affection when he noticed the way Tony’s nose crinkled when he laughed. Steve looked away almost immediately for fear of being caught staring.
Hey, this is a little note from Clementine. Both Emily and I are going to be hella busy the next few weeks, so this'll be the last chapter for awhile. I'm moving back to school and I'm going to have to get used to my new classes, dance auditions, choreographing for dance, and a billion other things. Then it's my birthday and blah blah blah. So, yeah. This one'll have to last you for awhile.
“Please just suck my dick!” Steve whined. “Wait, was that too crass?”
Steve gave a small laugh and shook his head, but obliged.
Walking to his desk, Steve found a hot cup of green tea waiting for him. He smiled, knowing exactly who left it there.
“So, anyway, how is everyone doing?” Tony asked, looking around at the group. He noticed a dark skinned man that he didn’t recognize. “You,” he gestured to the man, “I don’t believe we’ve met. I’m Tony.”
“Do you see anything you like?” Steve asked, looking at the brunet over the top of his menu.
Once at the door to the office, Maria knocked twice before stepping inside. “The new P.E TA is here to meet you,” she said, taking a step back and gesturing for Steve to go ahead into the office. He gave a nod in thanks before walking into the office and taking a seat at the desk.
Saying the words hurt him to the core, but Tony knew that this needed to be done.
. This is the kind of dick that symphonies are written about. This is the kind of dick that porn stars dream of having. This, my dear Steven, is art and I would very much like to put it in my mouth.”
“Oh, it’s okay. I mean...losing my mom was the farthest thing from okay, but she was a great woman, led a great life, and I’m just grateful I got to spend any time with her at all let alone 17 years.”
“As you know, I’ve been pregnant for five months now, and I’ve had a lot of time to think about the situation we’ve found ourselves in. Initially, when I found out we were having a baby, I was absolutely terrified, as I’m sure you were too. But over the last several months, it’s dawned on me that even though this isn’t the most conventional way of things happening, that maybe we were meant to be brought together by by this baby.”
“Alright, this is it,” the cab driver said, pulling Tony out of his head.
Pepper seemed a little uneasy, thinking over her next words, but once she met Steve’s eyes she just sighed.
Tony laughed at that and lifted his cup up in cheers. The two of them continued to talk as they finished their drinks, then went their separate ways. As he walked towards his office, Tony felt a sense of fear and excitement for what was to come.
“Exactly! I just… I think we should take the time to relearn everything about each other, now that there aren’t any secrets between us.”
“Fuck no. This information stays between the two of us and does not leave this apartment. Understood?”
"Yeah, but how long will that last?" Bucky asked, not wanting to back off the subject.
“I’ve been ready since we watched
The brunet gave a weary smile as he hopped down from where he sat.
“Yeah!”
“I’m not as fragile as you think, Tony, you can get on with it,” Steve spoke, almost breathless and with an annoyed yet fond look on his face.
Tony repositioned himself slightly and with every thrust he hit Steve’s prostate, dead on. The omega knew he wouldn’t be able to last much longer, but he refused to come without Tony’s knot buried inside of him. Steve knew just what to do to make that happen.
“Such salty language, my goodness!” Steve said, placing his hand on his chest, mock offended.
Steve jumped up almost out of nowhere, to answer, “I’ll go get us some drinks, no need to worry yourself with it, Nat.” Before either of them had a chance to object, Steve was gone.
Pepper gave him a once over and immediately knew something was off.
“Tony…” Bruce said in a warning tone.
“Oh really?” the brunet asked, placing his hands on his hips, “well if not me, then who?”
Pepper looked up, and met Steve’s eyes, giving him an apologetic smile that sent a shiver down the omega’s spine.
“Hey,: Steve replied, closing the door and following the brunet to the living room.
“Hey Pep, what’s up?”
“Why wouldn’t we? You’re our friend, Tony, we just want to make sure you’re not being taken advantage of,” Rhodey offered.
“Is everything alright?”
Once on the ice, Tony let out a small squawk as his foot slipped. Steve caught him immediately and smiled “Oh this is gonna be too much fun.”
“Fuck” Steve whispered to no one.
She got up and all but stomped off (well…it wasn’t so much stomping as it was delicately wisping away in an angry manner), leaving Tony slightly hard and confused.
“I’m going to be a father.”
“I’m still here Tony, I haven’t gone anywhere. I’m always going to be here to help you whenever you need it. You don’t have to drown your sorrows alone in a bar every night.”
Tony plopped down next to Pepper, and slowly nestled his head up to her neck. She began stroking his hair as he continued to whine (because honestly, this level of complaining could rival that of a 5 year old), and rolling her eyes as she strapped in for what was sure to be an endless night of reassuring Iron Man.
“Wait, break up? We didn’t...we never…”
“I just don’t understand, who’s Tiberius and why does Tony think he’s paying you?” Bucky asked, confused.
“I am not just going to sit around and ignore the fact that
“We’re doing
Steve’s question startled Tony. He’d never given any thought to what he deserved out of this relationship.
“Steve, the guy you hired to get close to me all while stealing my intellectual property.”
“So… does he know yet?” Bucky asked, digging through his container of food.
It had been six years since he had first joined the Vision Creative Firm. He spent his first three years interning, before he graduated and was promoted to senior designer for the graphic design team. That meant that it had been three long, excruciating years since he started working with fellow senior graphic designer Tony Stark, aka the biggest asshole in the entire universe.
The second he heard his phone go off, Tony jumped up and made his way to the kitchen to brew a pot of coffee while he got ready. He showered and dressed quickly, managing to have fifteen minutes to spare before he needed to leave for the doctor’s office. As he sat at his kitchen island, taking the time to enjoy his cup of coffee, a text came through on his phone. Tony read the message and smiled, immediately.
“Surprisingly, no,” Steve said, taking a bite of his lobster roll, trying not to acknowledge the look of surprise on the brunet’s face.
“Excuse you?”
“You said ‘We need to talk’. Those are break up words.”
Steve stood, holding on to Coraline tightly. “Love you too, nugget,” he whispered, kissing the top of her head.
“Well, you might not see how wonderful what you’re doing is, but the rest of us do. And the rest of us are grateful for it.” Steve spoke softly. He didn’t want to harp on the subject much longer, so in an effort to change the topic, Steve pushed his stool back and stood up. “I think I’m done looking through all these scraps if you’re ready to try to put this thing together.” Steve turned to see Tony studying him. He felt exposed under the brunet’s gaze, but for some reason he couldn’t turn away.
Steve sighed as he stood up. “But I don’t think it’d be a good idea…”
“Let’s get you some breakfast, okay? How do pancakes sound?” Cora clapped her hands excitedly in lieu of a verbal answer. Steve just laughed, moving to get all the the materials and ingredients together.
“Yeah. My left contact ended up going down the drain this morning and I didn’t have it in me to find and open another pair.”
“You didn’t. You’re a concerned friend, and I appreciate you giving me your opinion…Do you mind if I ask a favor of you?”
Tony began peppering kisses from Steve's shoulder up his neck, all the while slowly stroking Steve under the apron. Just as Steve felt the faint tingling of pleasure rising up his spine, Tony withdrew his hand, stopping to whisper in Steve's ear. “I think one of the first traditions we should start is eating dessert right after breakfast.” Tony moved his hands to massage Steve’s ass, and he couldn't help but hitch his breath at the implication. “Spread your legs and lean on the counter,” Tony ordered.
Steve choked on his drink, but Tony turned to give Bucky a wicked grin. “Well, she’s not new but I hear there’s a Russian teacher who’ll be on the market once she ditches her current fiance.”
“Oh, yeah,” Carol said, around a small laugh, “I would have bet money back then that I was going to be alone forever. I had friends all around me, finding their bond mates, but it just didn’t seem like something that was meant for me. All the mushy stuff they were talking about sounded kind of awful actually, cause I mean...who likes dealing with feelings, right?! But then one day Rhodey came along, and it was terrifying. I’d gotten so used to the idea that there was no one out there for me and that, like you I was going to be a lone-alpha, but then in walks the most perfect beta the world had to offer. Suddenly I was having to readjust everything I’d set myself up for and it was hard...really fucking hard, but so worth it.”
“You’re really good with her, you know,” Steve spoke, once he quietly shut Cora’s bedroom door behind him.
“Yeah, I feel like with all this craziness going on, we haven’t really had a chance to spend time together,” Steve offered, wrapping an arm around the redhead's shoulders.
to ourselves.” Steve grinned. “I have another present for us.” Steve produced a wrapped bottle from behind his back. “Merry Christmas.”
The sound of the door dinging as it opened onto the 19th floor brought Steve out of his mind and back to the elevator. He stepped out and followed Tony to their suite. Once inside, Tony threw his bags on the floor of the sitting room. “Well, I don’t know about you, but I’m pretty fucking hungry so...dinner? We can order in.”
don’t throw food at restaurants.”
“Well, I may or may not have done some drinking after you guys had left, and decided to pay Steve a visit to say ‘fuck you’ but also give him his gift.”
Tony gave an enthusiastic nod as he made his way to the table to take a seat. Steve hesitantly dished out the salad, wondering if the brunet would like it or not. Once he was done, the omega took a seat and excitedly dug in. After two bites, though, he began to pout into his bowl.
“It’s a text from Steve, isn’t it?” Carol asked, cutting a piece of steak.
“Ah, well, you’d probably have to get a few more of these in me before I’d be drunk enough to actually answer that question,” Tony answered in a somewhat bitter tone
“Yeah,” he answered, absently rubbing his much more noticeable belly, “I think it’d be nice to know whether Bug is a boy or a girl.”
. But the second he saw Steve nervously pulling the sweater sleeves over his hands and fidgeting with the hem as he waited for a response, something within Tony snapped. He stood from the table and moved for Steve, closing the distance between them with a quickness he didn't know was possible.
“I’m waiting for whatever it is that you were clearly worried about telling me,” Bucky supplied.
“So what, are we just supposed to meet tomorrow to put everything together?” Tony frantically searched his backpack for his philosophy notebook while trying to start up his laptop.
Steve held on a little longer than necessary, as a silent thank you to her. Once they pulled away, she stood and saw herself out. Steve spent the rest of the day doing anything he could to keep his mind off of everything. By the time he had gotten ready for bed, though, all he could think about was the interaction from that morning. He went through every single detail that he remembered about sleeping on Tony, the way he felt, the way he smelled. All things he hadn’t really thought he had the time to notice before falling asleep on the man, but apparently he’d filed away anyway.
“What’s going on?” Tony asked, confused.
Tony smiled, welcoming the presence of people who weren't doctors or nurses.
“You have to trust me, ok? There’s a good chance you’re not going to agree to go if I tell you where we’re going ahead of time, but just...trust me.”
“Brought you and Barnes this champagne,” Tony said, handing over the gift bag, hoping that he could nip whatever Natasha was going to ask about his day in the bud.
Steve poured him a cup, taking care to use the dishes he’d laid out on the table. He handed the mug over to Tony, waiting for him to shake off the haze of sleep, which happened right around the time that Tony reached out to rub Steve’s back in thanks.
“For future reference,
“Oh, so I get to stay over tonight, huh?” Tony asked in the sassiest voice he could muster. Steve just shrugged, and smiled suggestively
“Well, I still appreciate that you know how to follow directions. Seems like a lost art these days,” Tony quipped, taking a seat atop of one of the work stations. “So, how are things with1 everyone in the outside world?”
“Huh?”
“Oh really? When, between thawing out and fighting crazy people playing dress up as super villains, did you have time to figure this out?”
“Have at what?”
Before Tony had a chance to regain his wits about him, Steve had pulled away and was moving towards the door.
They fell back into conversation about the team as they finished dinner and drove back to the hotel, then got ready for bed. As they slid under the covers, careful to leave enough space between them, Steve cleared his throat.
************
Steve swallowed, seeming to forget all about his tickle mission. “Uh, that sounds… nice.”
“What’s up, Stevie?” Bucky had asked, worried.
“Oh my god, Tony, I am
“Are you suggesting that I get Tony drunk?”
“Barton…
Carol threw her hands up in defeat, as she walked out of the kitchen. Tony had been an absolute wreck in the few weeks leading up to his Halloween party. He spent every free moment he had trying to make sure that there wasn’t a single forgotten detail, and when asked about his behavior, Tony would always laugh it off.
“Don’t worry babe, if you get tired, I’ll let you ride me for as long as you want.”
As he continued to sift through his clothes, looking for the perfect top, Sam grabbed him by the shoulders and turned him, looking Steve right in the eyes.
“Fuck off alright, I’m at the gym. Why are you calling me?”
Tony looked away at that question.
It was with that statement that Steve decided he was going to give this costume 100%. If he was going to be forced to go to this party he at least wanted to be the best looking Captain Planet anyone had ever seen.
?” Tony asked.
He hadn’t really given much thought to this past the fact that he thought the smaller man was extremely adorable and wondered what it’d be like to kiss him, among other things.
“Listen, I know that technically you’re not really hurting anyone with what you’re doing, but you’ve got to stop,” Bruce said, walking out of class with Tony a few weeks into the semester. Tony just gave a confused look as they made their way to his car.
“You think I quit because you asked me on a date?”
That brought the smaller man to a screeching halt. He couldn't turn to look at his friend, just put his head in his hand for a moment.
“Ok so what part of this is freaking you out? The fact that you have a crush on a man, the fact that said crush seemingly snuck up on you or the fact that you had such a vivid dream about Steve?”
. bit about where my money was coming from. New Years, The Aquarium, the paint set…” Tony leaned his head back and groaned. “Money, Steve. A lot of it. There is a lot of money and I would gladly spend it all on you. A five hundred dollar paint set… for me, it kind of is pocket change.”
Carol and Pepper stood by the door to hand out favors and thank their guests as everyone left, while Steve moved to the kitchen to get himself a glass of water and to have a moment to himself. He sat at the window bench close to the back door, looking out at the beautiful Spring day, and sighed at just how amazing everything was in that moment.
Tony took a step closer to the bed, and reached out to remove Steve’s hand from his hole. The blond didn’t even have time to give a disappointed whine at the loss of his own fingers, before he was moaning around the feel of Tony’s. The alpha looked on in wonder as two, then three, of his fingers worked in and out of the beautifully wet hole in front of him. An overwhelming urge came over the brunet to taste the man below him, so he removed his fingers and brought them to his lips. Without hesitation, he placed two fingers in his mouth, and fluttered his eyes shut in ecstasy. Steve tasted even better than he smelled, and Tony needed more of it.
“Okay.”
“And if things go at least slightly the way I hope, will you help me?”
Tony led her into the bathroom and helped her get off her pants and Pull-Ups.
Tony’s hand shot up to his chest as he gasped.
“Frustrating?” Carol asked, completing his sentiment.
Steve stepped aside to let the brunet in. They both stood there, awkwardly, before Steve motioned for Tony to sit at the dining table with him.
“You’re so full of yourself.”
“Well, I wasn't sure if you'd humor me with this, so I figured I'd sweeten the pot and make my proposal a little more enticing.”
Tony had been planning for this day for weeks now. He had thought out each and every single moment of the day, in hopes that he could make this all perfect for Steve.
“Hey there baby,” the omega spoke in a hushed voice, “you’re causing a lot of fuss already even though you’re still so small. But no matter what, you’re worth it.”
“I get it, Tony, I’ll come in!” Steve said, his brain finally functioning again.
“So ready!” he offered with an overly enthusiastic thumbs up before rolling his eyes.
“You like the idea of that, hm? The thought of having me buried in your ass all day?”
He and Steve stood on the sidelines during a break talking over how they might want to play the next round. At one point, Steve had been drawing on a small white board and as he reached to hand Tony a marker, he dropped both the one he’d been offering and the one he'd been using. In a moment that now played in slow motion in Tony’s mind, a bot rolled by picking up the markers and handing them back, one to Steve and one to Tony. The second Tony realized that there was no one nearby to control the bot and that it handed Steve the marker he had been using initially, Tony knew that someone had managed to build a bot with a general intelligence A.I. Something that could learn and operate on it’s own, without any outside input. He would have been ecstatic for this new tech if not for the terrifying questions he couldn't stop asking.
before Halloween to do this?”
. He came back from being held captive in Afghanistan, surviving being put through a makeshift heart surgery and upon returning, his biggest concern was transitioning into a company that helped people instead of hurting them. Once he’d done that, he just randomly decided to help mold the young minds of tomorrow. It was clear that Tony made light of it all, because he didn’t want to focus on how truly amazing it was of him to make these sacrifices to help improve the lives of others. Steve couldn’t let such a wonderful act go without praise.
Steve looked up. “Happy New Year, my love.”
Tony gasped. “Excuse you, I am a
“Got yew!” she giggled. Steve offered an apologetic smile, as he picked the Cheerios out of Tony’s shirt. Once he was finally cereal free, Tony looked Coraline square in the face. “Well nugget,  since you already got me, I guess it’s my turn to get you!”
The man reached out to shake his hand. “Oh I’m
“Hello…” Steve offered, as Pepper blocked his way.
“Are you stalking me? There’s seriously no way you’re able to just
As the meetup began to pick up, Tony found that he was truly enjoying himself. Even more so, he enjoyed watching Steve light up with excitement and fascination during all of the discussions and demonstrations. It was truly something to behold, watching Steve forming a love of robotics right before his eyes. Steve was already enough trouble when he was just tall, blond and handsome. Adding an interest in coding and engineering into the mix was sure to make him
“Well, I don’t know what to tell you, babe,” Pepper said, nudging Tony off of her and readjusting to lay her legs across Tony’s lap, “But if you think it’s worth all this effort, why don’t you just come right out and ask him on a date?”
“What’s wrong?” He asked, genuinely concerned. Tony just gave an apologetic smile.
the candy?” Cora asked, slightly above a whisper.
Natasha just gave him a scolding look before walking away. Almost immediately Tony began to panic. Did Steve quit because the alpha asked him on a date? Was that what this was all about? He jumped to his feet to find Coulson and get to the bottom of this.
“Corporal Steve Rogers,” he said, taking Rhodey’s hand to shake it. “Pleasure to meet you, Lieutenant.”
“You can break that rule, just this once,” Steve prompted. Cora warily looked between her dad and the door, before slowly approaching it and standing on her tip toes to reach and turn the handle.
"I may or may not have a reputation around here for having legendary anger issues, so most of the personnel knows better than to tell me no when it isn't a life or death matter."
Tony couldn’t help but notice the look that Bruce gave him, as he moved to leave.
“Alright, well I’ll be right back with your sonogram, but I’ll give you a few minutes,” the doctor said, more to let Steve know that the appointment was coming to an end.
section. I just took his drink order.”
The two of them sat there in silence for a moment, Steve internally panicking; wondering if he’d said the wrong thing. Fury finally gave a curt nod before standing.
The entire way home she continued to scream about the boots to the point where they were kicked off of the bus. Steve was thankful that Cora liked the bus so he didn’t have to explain that they didn’t have enough money for gas.
“Enough to offer to be the assistant coach for a
“What’s on your mind? Seems like you were more sappy than usual in there. Were you crying over you last abs?” Bucky teased, jokingly.
“One of these days, you’re going to have to order something other than coke,” Steve joked. Tony wanted to respond with a witty rebuttal, but he was too busy not being able to breathe thanks to the smile that Steve had just given him. Bruce looked between the two before shaking his head and asking for a water. Once Steve left, Tony finally began breathing again.
He heard the falter in Bucky’s typing, which caused him to look at the brunet, to see a look of worry on the man’s face.
Steve saw the hopeful look in Tony’s eyes and couldn't help but smile, warmly. “I suppose if we’re snowed in we might as well get to know each other better.”
“Absolutely not.”
“You should check up the inscription,” Tony promoted, handing the ring over to Steve. Once he was certain Steve saw the image of a turtle sitting on the inside of the band, he continued. “I love you, Steve; every single part of you. From the crazy hours you work at the bookstore, to all of these,” he gestured towards the turtles surrounding their bed, “and everything in between. While I can't say that I'm anywhere close to even sort of understanding your obsession with turtles, I wanted to add that to your ring to say that I want to spend the rest of my life with every single part of you, even the parts that confuse the hell out of me. I love you more than anything and it’d be the honor of a lifetime if you said you'd marry me.”
After that first happy hour with their friends, Steve practically ran home, itching to draw his new colleague. He drew solely based on memory alone, now knowing that any images he’d seen before weren’t to be trusted as reference. How could they be? Now that he knew what it was like to witness such an untamable beauty in person, he knew there was no way anything could ever capture anything less than a dull imitation of the real thing. Even so, he tried his best, spending hours trying to get his drawing just right. In the end he settled for his imperfect rendition, but promised himself he’d work to one day at least come close to capturing the magnificence of Tony Stark on paper.
“Enough to be thankful that I don’t have to drive myself home.”
Steve looked down into his glass with a sad smile. He wasn’t sure if now was the time to tell Tony about his family or not. Deciding that was a conversation best saved for another day, Steve looked up to direct his smile at the alpha in front of him.
“I don't...what's going on?” Tony asked again, this time a little more frantic.
“How are you feeling today?” Natasha asked, stopping by Steve’s desk with a cup of peppermint tea.
“So I’m your backup for when Pep isn’t available to deal with your shit?” Carol asked, mock-offended.
Tony deflated even more at that. Steve was nothing but an amazing man, and he deserved so much better than so effortlessly being thrown away the way that Tony had. As she stood to leave, Natasha seemed to sense the internal struggle brewing within the brunet.
“You’re a mess,” Tony answered around a laugh.
“I feel as though maybe you should take a little more time before jumping back into dating, but I'm glad you’re trying to move on. At any rate, get the girl’s number and hang out with her somewhere other than the bar. If you like her enough to spend every night there then you like her enough to take her to dinner.”
“I’ll give you two a minute while I go print your sonogram and get your appointment overview,” Bruce spoke, standing to leave the room.
“You probably don’t want to kiss me right now,” Tony said.
“Nothing of importance.”
Steve leaned down, taking Tony’s mouth in another heated kiss. He tried his best to multitask, unbuttoning the lace shirt as best he could, trying not to spend too much time trailing his hands over every bit of newly exposed flesh along the way. Once the shirt was opened, Steve got to work on Tony’s pants only to have the man push his hands away.
Bruce was cut off by the ringing of his cell phone.
“Tony, you are the absolute worst!”
The blond looked up at the man across from him, who was in the midst of trying desperately to stifle a laugh.
Tony had spent an embarrassing amount of time staking out Top Shelf Books, before finally going in and charming his way into a date with Steve. From the jump, Tony wanted to shower Steve with presents; gift giving was his strongest love language after all. But Steve always maintained that he didn't need things, all he needed was Tony, which...was something he wasn't completely used to. Tony spent a not so insignificant amount of his life learning that people always stuck around as long as they had a reason. That reason, more often than not, was whatever his money could buy. So, though he tried to trust Steve’s words and cool it on the gift giving, Tony just couldn't kick the fear that once the gifts were gone, Steve would be too.
“I just wanted to make sure you know that I’m...I’m your dad.”
that word) on Steve and he indeed was flirting with him. On one hand, Tony wondered if he should be worried that he’d been caught macking on another teacher in front of a student, but truth be told he didn’t much care. Plus with all of the ridiculous shit he had to put up with, watching students being lovey dovey during the school day, Tony figured someone could cut him some slack.
“So you want a relationship and the king of commitment issues isn’t having any of that?”
Peggy watched as Tony’s head shot up over the couch, his hair a wreck. Steve popped up shortly after, the motion causing Tony to roll onto the floor.
Tony had decided to stay late at work that night, just to get a jumpstart on some of the new R & D designs. Truth be told, he just didn’t want to have to go home to sit all alone and think about the situation he’d found himself in with Steve. He respected that the man had asked for time to think on everything, but he missed the blond, tremendously. He hoped that no matter what Steve decided to do, that they could still remain a part of each other’s lives in some way or another.
“Oh,” Steve responded, half surprised he got a reply “well I'm sorry to hear about Jarvis but I'm glad to have run into you.”
When Howard finally came to get me, Jarvis let me keep the sweater. I held on to it for a really long time, even after I grew into it, but after that oversized sweaters have always reminded me of that day. If I ever feel like shit, I’ll just throw on a massive sweater and it makes everything suck just a tiny bit less.”
“Hey man, why so tense?”
Steve woke up with a slight kink in his neck from the way he had been sleeping. He moved to try to sit up but realized there was an arm around his shoulder. That realization helped wake Steve up enough to figure out that the arm belonged to Tony. The blond startled quite a bit at that, enough to slightly wake the man he’d been resting on.
Steve was standing within an inch of Tony’s face now, voice slightly harsher. Tony wanted to run, but his feet wouldn’t budge.
“Ready for a snack, nugget?” Tony asked, working to prepare a small bowl of Cheerios and banana slices. He took Cora’s high pitched squeal as a yes.
“Well hello there, Pepper. What can I do for you today?”
Natasha tilted her head, considering Tony for a moment. “Do you think your actions are something deserving of us having this talk?”
“Clint told me Stark left you a $500 tip. That’s a lot of money to leave behind just because you like
The pair of them managed to defy gravity, standing at the counter on legs that had turned to jello as they fought to catch their breath.
“Sorry to interrupt, I just wanted to ask if you had any other copies of the gravity worksheets for tomorrow's a packets, Mr. Stark. If not, I need the keys to the copier room to make more.” Peter spoke, shyly. “Also, hi Mr. Rogers.” he said, giving a small wave.
Tony chanced a look up through his lashes and reached out to move Steve’s hand back to his head. That was enough to tip Steve over the edge and soon Tony felt spurts of cum trickle down his throat. He worked to swallow as much as he could as Steve rode out his orgasm, mouth open in a silent moan. Once the cock in his mouth began to soften, Tony pulled back only to have Steve reach out to rub a thumb over his lips.
“You’re sure he’s okay with it?” Sam asked, looking around the table and sharing a concerned look with the rest of the group.
“No, just the once,” Steve answered in a small voice, pulling his knees to his chest to make himself as small as possible.
It only took a few seconds for his words to register before Tony sat straight up, more awake than he’d probably ever been in his life.
“It’s good to see you again, Tony,” Bruce spoke, gesturing for the alpha to take a seat, “how have you been?”
Tony gave an irritated sigh as he pinched the bridge of his nose.
He truly had missed spending time like this with his friends, he hoped that as his pregnancy went on he’d be able to find a way to balance his life with his friends and he new life with Tony and their baby. That thought made Steve’s heart skip a beat, not without Natasha noticing.
They sat in silence for a few moments before Natasha let out a small laugh. Steve looked up, startled, only to be greeted by a full on smile spread across her face.
They sat quietly for most of their ride, although at some point, Steve reached over hesitantly to take Tony’s hand. They both smiled at each other, Steve letting out a sigh of relief when Tony didn’t take his hand away.
Steve turned around and startled when he found Tony standing there. “Alright, your five minutes is up,” the brunet said, walking over to throw his arm around Rhodey’s shoulder.
, but I know that you don’t love me. I know that you don’t love Ma. I know that you told her not to love me. I haven’t known Steve that long but I have never been happier with any other human being in my entire life.”
When he didn’t get a response, Tony began to pout.
“You want to stand there like you’re ready to fight me on this?” Bucky asked almost shocked.
Tony knew better than to fight back. They’d had this argument far too many times. Even though he knew better, that didn’t stop him from defending Steve. “Steve isn’t some ‘experiment’. He is my boyfriend and I
“Well...I suppose a place called Elephant Jumps can’t be awful. We’ll see how you do with this,” Tony responded, in a light hearted manner.
“Alright, what about?”
Steve stood there for a few minutes before stepping aside to let the shorter man into his apartment.
“Seriously, you don’t have to come,” Steve said, somewhat nervously, before getting out of the car.
“I—yeah, I definitely more than just like it,” Tony replied, eyes continuing to take in the blond.
“Would you think I was even more amazing if I said I had a wicked awesome date planned for New Years and all of it was a secret so I can’t tell you what it is until we get there?” Tony asked, excited.
Tony kept his eyes on Ty as he walked in. The man was tall, had bright blond hair and piercing blue eyes. He really was a good looking man, and there was a point in time when Tony wouldn’t have been able to deny him anything. But now, looking at that face, Tony felt a strange sense of confidence knowing that there wasn’t a single thing Ty could say or do to control him now.
“Hey listen,” Tony began, reaching out to take the blond’s hand, “I meant what I said yesterday. We’re in this together.”
“Mommy and daddy took me to see da aminals at da farm!”
Tony hadn’t slept in days. Aside from Howard practically working him to death during his trip, he was anxious and worried about returning home. He had truly missed both Steve and Bug, but those feelings were paired with a sense of mourning now. Part of him had wanted to back out of what he had resolved to do, just be selfish and continue living the way he had been for the better part of six months now. But he knew that that would just be proving his father right.
“So, where’d you want to go for food?”
“Do you think you deserved this?”
“Me, being taken advantage of?” Tony scoffed.
Steve wasn’t sure how to respond, but he felt the overwhelming urge to defend himself. “Well, though I don’t have experience working as a teacher, I truly believe that my time in the Army as well as my degree in Physical Education —”
Steve knew he should probably just drop it; Tony never talked about his family and there was probably a very good reason for that. But he began to realize that he had a lot of questions about Tony that needed to be answered. Whether either of them liked it or not.
It wasn’t long before the game started, and that’s when Steve came into his own. While watching the bots maneuver around the makeshift field, pushing around the little ball, Tony found himself explaining less and less as he just listened to Steve dissect every movement that was made. By the time the meet up had come to an end, Steve was buzzing with excitement as he went to talk with the people who operated the bots in the game. On the way to dinner, Steve barely stopped to take a breath as he told Tony about all of the things he’d learned. He tried to keep up, asking about one bot in particular that Steve had mentioned, not really remembering what had been said that made that one stand out in particular.
“Yeah well you’re stuck with us, so deal,” Pepper said, moving towards the brunet to give him a tight hug, “thanks for tonight.”
“No need to thank me, I’m just doing my job as his best friend. Oh and don’t worry, you look great.”
Steve froze immediately, realizing who was standing right behind him. Without looking, he began to stumble through an apology.
Steve shuddered, nodding wordlessly at the alpha’s promise for later. As the song ended, Tony stepped away, probably to remind the bartender that everything for their group was to be charged to his tab. Steve moved to the edge of the dance floor, pulling out his phone to order an Uber, when he felt a hand skate across his lower back to rest on his hip.
The smell of food immediately reminded Tony that he was starving. He left the rest of his bags to be unpacked later, as he followed the delicious smell all the way to the kitchen. Once there he intended to greet his boyfriend, but upon taking the man in, Tony froze.
“Fine.”
As he cranked up the ACDC, and pulled up all the files he needed to get started, he heard someone banging on his door. He found it odd considering people usually just came in whether he wanted them to or not, but walked over to let the visitor in. To his surprise, Tony found Steve standing on the other side of the door.
Bucky clapped Tony on the back, and laughed as the shorter man stumbled a bit. Their relationship was a strange one, but Tony couldn't be happier with it. He and Bucky never explicitly established that things between them were okay after their first meeting. They just jumped right into being sarcastic little shits to one another and, somehow, it just worked for them.
Steve expected some kind of shock or surprised expression from his friend, but all he got was a warm smile.
It only took a few minutes on that road for Tony to realize he'd started holding his breath at some point. He took the opportunity to exhale slowly in an attempt to calm his nerves. It had been a long time since anyone had made Tony feel this way, all butterflies and nerves and giddiness, but he'd be lying if he said he didn't love it. Everything in life as both Iron Man and the owner of Stark Industries was always so serious (though lord knows Tony tried to make both less so). There was rarely anything in Tony’s day to day life that gave him the chance to truly experience something so exciting, terrifying, boundless and new...until Steve. Tony had no clue how long any of this would last, but he wanted to hold onto this feeling for as long as the world would let him.
"Mornin' Darcy," he said giving a small wave. She leaned forward, resting her head on her hands as she began to bat her eyelashes.
“If I do this, you have to promise me that you won’t push me to have sex. Not tonight.”
The brunet said. Almost immediately, Steve felt the vibrator hit his prostate and without warning, he came, hard, moaning Tony’s name. He sat there, trying to regain his breath as the toy continued moving within him. Once he’d regained himself  he reached down to turn it off and remove it, gasping at the sensation. He reluctantly reached over to his phone and typed out a message to Natasha.
As the video began to play, Steve worked himself open with his fingers. He spent a good deal of time just trying to get past the feeling of an intrusion, and after some time, managed to find the pleasure in it. When he thought he was ready, he began to inch the vibrator inside, making sure to take time to adjust to the size. Once the toy was fully seated, he switched it on the lightest setting, Steve took a deep breath, ready to see if he was really enjoy this. He turned his attention back to the porno that he had playing, as he began to work the vibrator in and out. Though he was enjoying the sensations, the video wasn’t motivating him the way he had hoped. He turned the it off and looked up at the ceiling, deciding maybe he’d be better off using his imagination. He flipped the vibrator onto the lowest setting and fully seated it inside himself, as he took hold of his cock and closed his eyes.
The shocked look on Tony’s face was met with one of sadness from Natasha as she continued.
“You sure?”
Rhodey finally looked up at Tony as he slowly took a sip of his drink.
“Well, maybe I should wear this more often if that’s the kind of reaction I’m going to get.”
Steve continued to walk with Clint, somewhat stunned by the interactions he’d witnessed over the last ten minutes. Though he’d been good friends with Natasha since she and Bucky had begun dating years ago, she was the only teacher he knew. Somehow, it hadn’t occurred to him that her personality off the clock was the same as during work hours. Here Steve was, a 27 year old man, realizing for the first time that teachers were regular people too. He felt a little silly, but couldn’t help the small smile this conclusion put on his face.
“Wait, what?!” Steve asked, truly startled.
“I was happy just being with you!”
“Happy New Year.”
“What are you thinking about?” Steve asked. He looked worried.
“Hey, Cap, everything alright?” Tony asked, giving the omega his full attention.
Tony directed Carol to the island in his kitchen, where he’d set two plates and two rather large wine glasses.
"You're awake, aren't you?" Tony asked, moving to take a seat on the bed next to Steve.
Rhodey dodged out of the way of the gesture, with a laugh. Once they ordered, and their food arrived, they started up the conversation again.
“Ms. Hill, I’m Steve Rogers. I start my first day as the new P.E. teaching assistant today.”
Once the other man had left his room, Tony fell to his side with a plop. How had he let things get this bad? He ran his hand over his face, giving a long sigh before resolving to get out of bed. Today was going to be a long and probably miserable day, so he might as well just jump right into it head first.
“This better have happened literally five minutes before we left the office, because I
“Food time!” he yelled, as he parked behind the small diner. He made his way around the side of the car to open Steve’s door and let him out. “I’m going to take this blindfold off of you, but you have to promise not to try to figure out where we are, ok?” Steve just nodded. Once the blindfold was off, he stuck his tongue out, mock angry, before turning to stomp off into the diner.
“Happy birthday, love.”
“Mmhmm,” Steve answered, clearly drifting off to sleep.
“Things are alright, we miss you in the lounge though,” Bruce gently began.
Steve smiled brightly at the request. “Of course I can,” he said, making his way around the desk, and leaning in on Tony’s side to get a good look at the computer screen.
“Oh my god, Tony. You did this for me?” Steve whispered.
She was just opening her mouth when a waiter came to their table.
“That is for me to know and for you to always wonder. Now, look at that, we’re at the top of the stairs. I distracted you from your panic at the sight, rather thought, of these stairs and now they’re behind us. Now, just a little further down the hallway…” Tony said, walking away from Steve, who stood still at the top of the stairs. “C’mon, follow the sweet sound of my voice.”
As Steve continued to suck the cock in his mouth, he felt Tony’s hand in his hair; a signal that the alpha was close. He slowly pulled off, taking time to swirl his tongue around the head before letting the cock slip from his lips. Tony reached down, pulling Steve up towards him to lazily kiss him. The omega knew this was a ploy to give Tony a break, for him to cool his jets a little before they went any further, but Steve couldn’t wait. He took Tony in hand, and stroked a few times before lowering himself on the alpha’s cock. Both men let out a low moan as Steve continued to take more of Tony in until he was fully seated.
“I’ve been feeling like shit for the past week or so, but it’s not that serious. It’s winter, I clearly just have some kind of bug, I’ll be fine.”
“Are you sure you want to do this now?” She asked, in a whisper.
“You’re far too kind,” Steve replied, jokingly, before yawning.
“Tony?” Steve asked, completely taken by surprise by the sight of the brunet. Tony walked into the apartment, not saying a single word, and just stood there.
“You are not the only one whose feelings are at stake here. You are not the only person who’s ever been hurt before. You’re allowed to move on and you’re allowed to be happy. I know better than anyone what it’s like to want to wallow in the past forever but at some point you need to pick up and move on. So when you decide that you’re done sacrificing your happiness to make up for your past, come find me.”
“I need you, I need you, please,” Steve repeated over and over again.
“No one’s asking you to trust it, just show up and have fun. Quit being such a stick in the mud and just enjoy yourself for once.”
Tony barked out a laugh. “Oh, honey, there’s no way that part of the plan would come into play on the first night of the trip,” he said, rolling his eyes with a smile as he turned to walk back into the bedroom.
right now?!” Tony asked, incredulous.
Tony said around a mouthful of cheeseburger.
“I don’t know! Maybe to the movies or on a picnic. I’m not really sure what kind of date you go on with someone like him,” Steve answered sincerely.
“Totally fine,” Tony began, “I have a lot of work I need to get done before the work week starts so I’ll just...see myself out.”
Tony collapsed forward, burying his face in Steve’s neck and sobbing, clutching tightly to him. Steve responded in much the same way.
“What do you mean not necessarily? We can’t just not give our daughter a name!”
“No it…it’s fine. I always knew she was too good for me; it was only a matter of time before she figured that out too. The kicker is she cheated on me. I mean I never expected this to last forever; being Iron Man’s girlfriend and Tony Stark’s keeper must get old fast. But I never expected this, not from her.”
“Jokingly!”
His daughter had become a nightmare and he was scared. He had no one to turn to and no idea what to do.
“Nope, all I had planned today was working on bots for the meeting tomorrow, so really...you’ve just added a little zest to my day if anything,” Tony said without looking up from what he was soldering. Steve could hear the joy in his voice, though, which made his chest feel warm.
“I...uh…” the man began, stammering. He cleared his throat and began again, “you need to get out of bed today.”
Steve had to school his reaction, remembering that this was information he was supposed to be hearing for the second time. He managed to keep up with the rest of Tony’s banter during their walk, right up until they made it to the hallway that split off leading to the science wing and the gym.
“Look Cap, I was drunk and I was feeling lonely. Unfortunately, you were the closest body so I went for it. I’m sorry that it happened and it won’t happen again.”
“She decided to leave me. At first, I thought what took her so long…”
“Alright,” Steve said, offering a small smile. “I trust you, and I promise I’ll relax.”
“So where are you going for this break?” Steve asked, as Tony moved to rest his head on the blond’s naked chest.
“I just...really wish my mom were here to see this. I know she’s always watching over me...us, but I wish she could meet Bug, y’know? Be here with me through all of this. There are some days when I worry over little things, wondering about this or that and I know if she were here she’d tell me to quit fussin’ and just enjoy this time while I have it.”
Tony fumbled, trying to get the key in the lock. When it swung open, Tony knew he’d picked the right place. When he’d made the reservation, the woman on the phone—probably the woman at the desk, now that he thought about it—asked if he had any special requests. He’d said flower petals, candles (to be lit on his arrival/during his journey to the room), lubrication, and condoms. Now all that was left to do was—
A flush crept up on Steve’s face and Tony cursed him. A grown man had no right looking that cute while blushing.
“Sorry, I’m just trying to understand how this made sense to you, but me thinking you quit because I asked you on a date didn’t.”
Once Tony left, Steve sent a text to Natasha telling her that he needed to talk to the group. Without even asking, she knew what he wanted to talk about, and assured him that she’d get everyone together. Sitting on the floor in the bathroom, thinking about what he would say to everyone was enough to make Steve feel sick all over again. After a few minutes of deep breathing, the blond resolved to get himself up and moving for the day.
Today was the day. The Halloween party had finally arrived, and Tony was running around his house frantically trying to make sure everything was in order.
Once outside, Tony decided to walk back to the office before calling Happy for a ride home. As he walked, he focused on the cool night air. The night hadn’t gone quite as he had expected, what with him only having two drinks in total, but it did just as much for him as he’d hoped. For those few hours that he was at the
“How much have you had to drink?”
“Hey, Tony, I’ve brough –” Pepper stopped, seeing the mug in Tony’s hand. “Coffee...I brought you coffee,” she finished, flatly.
Bucky just rolled his eyes and smiled.
“We haven’t bonded, okay? Truth be told, I doubt we will. I mean...I don’t really think much about it, mainly because I’m just so confused all the time about what we are right now,” Tony finally answered.
“You want to sit here and pretend that you’re absolutely perfect? Fine, Steve, we’ll play that game. Tell me, then, what do I need to do to be enough for you, hmm? How much of myself do I have to give before I’m finally fucking worthy enough to have you?”
Tony sat next to a large window in the corner of his favorite coffee shop. As he watched the people walking by on the street, snowflakes falling around them, he took a sip of his latte and savored the warmth that it brought him. It was moments like this that Tony felt he was truly able to enjoy the world around him.
He was about to tell the man that he was very much so in a committed relationship, when he saw Tony calmly walking over. “Hey, what’s going on over here?”
“Everything alright, love?” Steve asked, looking up from his laptop screen.
“Yeah Tony?”
“Yes Captain Rogers?”
“Hmm, the Blue Benn Diner,” Steve mused, looking over the menu. “What a shame it would be if I were to google where that is…”
Peter fussed with Tony, placing him amongst the group just so, smiling once he was satisfied with his work. “Perfect,” he said, turning to look at the camera.
Tony had had enough. He took a step closer, now getting in Steve’s face. “What's ridiculous is that you thought I would ever date someone like you,” he spat out.
Natasha stood by as Tony read through the words that seemed to be a poem or possibly a song. It was beautiful, whatever it was, but Tony still didn’t understand. “Who wrote this?”
“Tony.”
“I’m uhm...I’m Pepper Potts. I’d really like to come in and talk if it’s not a bad time.”
“Listen, I think you’re allowed to want whoever makes you happy. If that’s Steve then that’s perfectly fine.”
“May I?” he asked, before leaning in.
“You dug up all that dirt on me to find out I’m having a baby, but out couldn’t figure out that it was with a guy?”
“It’s just...out of all the things in the world you could get him…” Bucky started, slowly, as not to offend his friend.
In the chaos of everything, the pair had managed to neglect to decorate a nursery for Mason, but their friends just assured them that everything would be taken care of. All they had to do was make sure Mason got better and came home.
“Can I help you?”
It took a moment for Tony to catch on, but once realization hit, he took Steve’s face into his hands. “Of course I meant it. You’re
“Lay it on me,” Tony responded, now seeming just as excited as he was intrigued.
Steve whipped around to see that Tony was in fact storming through the doors. He raised a hand to the hostess as if to say ‘Not now’ as he continued towards Steve.
“Ok, so maybe I wouldn’t sue you then. But how do you know for certain that I was actually doing any of the stuff you’re alleging that I did.”
“I’m not sure if I should offer you a drink or a pillow,” someone said, from behind the bar.
Tony barked out a laugh that genuinely startled Steve as they walked through the front door. “Alright, well the guest room is the third door on the right. I’ll just be in the kitchen getting our coffee together when you’re ready.”
Tony started throwing back drink after drink, and as the liquid burned its way down his throat, crazy ideas started forming.
“Stevie? That's fine don't even worry about it. I think you’re totally cute so it’s fine,” Tony replied, pulling Steve closer to him to snuggle into before letting sleep take him fully.
“Whu?” Tony asked, batting at his eyes.
“Tony, can you pass the grav--” Steve’s sentence was cut off when a glob of mashed potatoes hit the side of his face. Tony held back his laughter, knowing it would only encourage Cora to do it again.
In the months since he had ended things with Steve, it seemed as though the world had turned into nothing but this bleak, gray, joyless nightmare that Tony was forced to navigate through, alone. After being chewed out by just about everyone in his life, the alpha became extremely withdrawn. Though his closest friends tried to reach out to let him know that despite his absolutely idiotic life choices, they were still there to support him, he just couldn’t bring himself to fake being happy, not yet. It took some doing, but after what Tony could really only describe as friendly harassment, the alpha finally agreed to meet up with Bruce.
“Yeah well...maybe I should start hanging with him more,” Tony said with a huff.
“That might have been like...12% of the reason why I agreed,” Tony offered, unfolding his napkin to place it in his lap.
“I mean...literally everyone,” Natasha answered under her breath. She gave Tony a moment to catch his breath before gesturing for him to continue.
How did she know who he was? Who was she to Steve and why was she dropping off a child with him?
“So, I also came by because I wanted to make sure you brought Sprocket in with you today.” Steve said, looking hopeful.
Steve gestured in a sweeping motion down his torso before answering, “I’m not the Captain for nothing.”
Tony narrowed his eyes at the man in front of him. It was obvious that he wouldn't be leaving here without having to explain himself completely. He had been trying to run from this for a while, but he knew he'd eventually have to tell Steve who he really was. Once he finally got the courage to speak up, Steve moved to defend him.
The way Steve’s head leaned back as Tony casually rocked back and forth in his lap.
“You’re the CEO of Stark Industries; you’re Tony’s friend,” Steve said, knowing full well that didn’t come close to describing who Pepper was to Tony. She was his right hand, his soulmate, she was everything to him. That she was meeting him for the first time in his home, after everything that’s happened, scared the shit out of Steve.
“What do you say?” Steve prompted Coraline.
“Well, the Fall Formal dance is coming up in a couple of weeks and we need more chaperones,” Natasha said, taking the seat across from him.
“How did you get access to any of my stuff? I’ve never connected my machines to anything that JARVIS controls”
Tony shouldn’t even try to smile. He could tell by the look on Pepper’s face that he wasn’t fooling anyone. As soon as she turned the corner, Tony put his head down on the table and shielded himself with the menu. If he couldn’t see the restaurant, he couldn’t be reminded.
Tony held his breath as Steve worried his lip. He really didn’t want to have to take the gift back, but he didn’t want Steve to feel uncomfortable, either. The blond just sighed before giving him a wary smile. “I’m still kind of apprehensive to take such an expensive gift from you… but I understand what you were trying to do, so thank you.”
.” Rhodey said, smiling at the scowl on Tony’s face.
“As long as you actually show up dressed as Captain Planet, you can do whatever you want with the rest of your life.”
“No. I have work to do and I’m exhausted. I don’t have time to put up with your shit anymore, okay?”
"As much as it sucks to hear you won't make it, it'll be ok. You've got big important business guy stuff to do, Bug and I understand!"
“Oh why thank you kind sir. Such a gentleman, you are,” Steve laughed.
“You’re kidding me, right?” Tony laughed, “I haven’t touched the money you sent me in over five years. The house that I have, I bought with my own money, everything I’ve used to furnish said house, I bought with
As Steve stood by, happily watching the two converse. An idea floated into Tony’s head.
Steve hesitated a bit at the invitation, but went for it anyway.
“Well would you look who I found,” Sam said, addressing the room.
“Well”, Tony began, slowly trailing his hands lower. “You said the day is about doing what makes me happy. Right now, what would make me happy is doing
“Look, I grasp that you’re Steve’s best friend, more than that, you’re practically his brother. I’m sorry that things happened the way they did, but this is the situation we’re in so all any of us can do is try to make the best of it. That’s all I’m trying to do. I’m trying to accept responsibility for my actions and do the right thing.”
“Once I got there and realized what was going on, Steve essentially asked me for help, so I helped. One thing led to another and well...Steve found out the other day that he’s pregnant.”
“You didn’t honestly think this was all I had planned, did you?” Tony asked incredulously.
and Tony was afraid that if they started, he wouldn’t be able to stop himself, and he wasn’t ready to do that with Steve. Not yet.
“How do you figure?"
“Hey Tony?’ Steve asked.
“Okay well have at it then,” Tony said, already exhausted by the thought of this conversation.
“I feel like we’re fulfilling every prom night trope that’s ever been included in any movie.”
“The other day on the phone you told someone you loved me. I wanted to wait for the perfect moment to tell you that I loved you, too, but then we started talking about my jizz and--”
Steve couldn't help the smile he cracked as he shook his head at  how ridiculous the brunet was. As if remembering that it wasn’t just the two of them on the sidewalk, Tony turned to look at his friend. “Oh, this is Lt. James Rhodes, but you can just call him Rhodey. He’s the peanut to my butter, the apple to my sauce, the mac to my cheese—”
Steve turned to see a brunet with a lecherous grin hovering over him. “No one said I was here alone,” he offered, trying to distance himself from the alpha.
He didn't stick around long enough to see the wary look on Peter's face. As Tony walked back into the school, he held his head high, waiting for the moment his classroom door closed behind him. It was then that he let out a pained sob.
Tiberius walked into the room, looking as if he’d just come from a board meeting, dressed immaculately in a suit. “Tony, to what do I owe the honor of having two meetings with you in one week?”
It was their first Valentine’s day together, and Tony wanted to do something low-key but fun.
“I’m so sorry! I didn’t intend for things to happen this way. I…I just knew that I wouldn’t be able to carry on with you while this other man was looming over our relationship.”
Tony just nodded, as he made his way to the front door. Without checking through the peephole, he opened the door quickly.
Tony's face lit up at the invitation, garnering a laugh out of the blond.
Tony still hadn’t come clean about who he really was, so of course any amount of money that seemed minimal to him would seem excessive to Steve. He’d dug himself into somewhat of a hole with this, and if he didn’t find a way to fix it, things would only get worse. He took a deep breath before taking both of Steve’s hands in his own.
“Bye bye!” Cora said waving enthusiastically as the two walked to the door.  Before leaving, Bucky turned with a smile. “Oh, and just so you know Tony, Steve is definitely going to hear about this.”
That comment earned the brunet another kick to the side, but this time he just laughed it off. For all that she’d done for him, Tony figured that putting up with her antics was the least he could do.
He didn’t particularly know why, but the blond felt his heart skip a beat reading that text.
Tony gave a small nod, feeling that the least he could do right now was oblige the omega before completely shattering everything. Steve took a deep breath before he began.
************
“Natasha?”
“Tony. My ex-boyfriend, he’s here. He’s in
“Yeah Steve, tell me!”
“So you guys are still dating?” Peter asked, hopeful.
“Daddy, shoo!” Cora instructed, pointing at the door.
“I mean, where the hell does he even get off?”
She screamed, as Tony launched an assault of tickles on her. He knew that this wasn’t the end, that at some point he’d have to explain himself to Steve. But for now he was happy to just have these last few moments before spending two weeks in his own personal hell.
How had this happened? Tony literally had the most secure systems in the world, and yet somehow Tiberius had managed to weasel his way in. Tony needed to get out of there, to find a place where he could just sit and think in peace. If he could just get Steve, Tony thought, maybe they could leave together and figure it all out. Tony shook himself out of the haze of panic he’d fallen into, just in time to see Steve talking to the DeWitt team coach. He narrowed his eyes as he saw the pair shaking hands and exchanging a laugh. In that moment, Tony’s heart sank.
“This is true. I usually have to restrain myself more than usual when I see you wearing any of my stuff,” Steve interjected.
“What’s got you so happy?” Clint asked, as they finally made it to the gymnasium doors.
“It’s not that big a deal, Steve. I ran a company and now I teach high school physics. It’s hardly world shattering stuff I’m doing, here,” Tony said, again trying to minimize the gravity of his actions.
Steve stood there silent, visibly fighting with himself on what to say. Tony took the opportunity to cover his ass as best he could.
Steve considered the question. He thought back over the last few months, remembering how difficult and horrible everything seemed without Tony by his side.
“Sorry, baby,” Tony purred, taking the finger out of Steve’s mouth and popping it into his own.
Tony turned to face Steve and gave a small smile. “I don’t know what any of that was about, but here, figured you’d want this back.” he said, handing over the notebook.
Steve said, taking notice of the look on Tony’s face. As he walked out of the workshop, Steve couldn’t help but wonder what was about to happen.
“It was a laugh of disbelief! You, the most useful member of the team?! I’d beg to differ.”
Tony just nodded, and listened quietly.
“Nope. I’m a blow-job virgin.”
“Wouldn’t I, dear old dad? All I’m really good for is disappointing you. I don’t see why I should stop doing that once you’re dead. I think I’ll just sell the company, probably to one of our foreign partners and just be done with it.”
“Oh I can tell, we are going to have so much fun together.”
“I love you, too,” Steve mumbled, bringing Tony’s knuckles to his lips and kissing them gently. “Forgive me?”
“Tony’s not the always the easiest guy to deal with, I know you know that better than anyone. But I also know that you are the only person that truly makes him happy. He literally beams whenever he’s talking to or about you. Now I haven’t known him very long but from what I’ve heard, it’s hard for him to connect with people the way he has with you. What you two have is special and for what it’s worth, I think you should reconsider ending your relationship. I am sure that Tony is sorry for whatever it is that he’s done.”
"Is that what you think I did?"
“Hey,” Tony cried as Bruce barked out a laugh. “I regret ever thinking either of you were on my list of favorite people,” Tony said, crossing his arms in a huff.
Steve gave a sheepish nod at that. Sarah moved to take both of his hands in hers, looking her son in the eyes.
“And when you say shit like that, it makes it harder for me to understand why Rhodey’s been your friend all this time,” Carol responded, smiling as well.
“Yeah,” Tony finally answered, not once taking his eyes off the road. “Everything’s perfect.”
“What?
As if on cue, Bruce walked through the door.
Tony gave a small sigh, and wiped his mouth with his napkin before looking up at the man in front of him.
“And you wanted to do that by serving me breakfast while naked?” Tony asked, a confused smile on his face.
Steve tried not to stare, but as he looked at Tony’s chest, he noticed a raised circular object in the center. Had that always been there, he wondered as he thought over every interaction the two had had. Sure enough, as if someone was casting a spotlight on it in his mind, Steve suddenly realized the circular object with a faint blue light that had always been resting under his shirt. If he tried hard enough, he could remember during that first visit to the workshop, seeing a hint of something metallic peeking over the neck of his shirt.
Tony had gotten used to this. Almost immediately after his Halloween party, not only had Steve become much more sociable towards him, but he’d begun asking the brunet out to lunch on a daily basis. Tony wanted to be wary of this, at first, because it almost seemed too easy. All he did was apologize for the way he’d acted over the past three years, and Steve not only accepted his apology but made an effort to build a friendship. Tony had never dealt with anything like this in his life, and quite honestly, it just seemed a little suspect. He was used to either wearing people down over time, much like he had done with Pepper and Rhodey, or throwing gifts at people until they at least pretended to like him. With Steve...things were different, and Tony didn’t really know what to make of it.
"Well...would you at least like to try some of the fruit salad that I made?" The blond asked, gesturing toward the very large bowl of mixed fruits.
His phone, which was sitting on the table in front of him, vibrated.
Tony was sitting awake, as per usual on nights like this, talking to Steve’s belly. The omega had decided to take a short nap after all the excitement of picking out a name and wondering about what they would be having, but he’d been out like a light for the better part of two hours now. Tony usually waited, until he knew for sure that Steve was sound asleep before talking to the baby. He didn’t know what it was, but he just liked knowing that these conversations were somewhat of a secret between him and Bug.
“I just want to make sure everything’s okay before I head out,” Tony said, as he chased after Steve on their way to the apartment building.
“Yeah, yeah I’m good,” Tony replied, wiping at his eyes.
“Hope you’re hungry, babe. I made your favorite for dinner… well, really someone else made it and I had it delivered.” Once Tony saw the bag from
“No one banished you to your classroom, Tony. You can come in and spend time there while still respecting what Steve said.”
?! I am rather disappointed in you, Rogers.”
Tony thought. He closed his eyes and took a deep, steadying breath before walking into the classroom.
“Are you gonna just leave me to stand here or are you going to invite me in?” Ty asked as he quirked his brow.
“You’re gonna get to be big and strong like your daddy, aren’t you?” She nodded again, giggling. “C’mon. Show me a muscle. Let me see your muscles. Woah! Look at those things!” he squeezed the top of her flexed arm. “You’re
Once they made their way to the living room, Tony moved to the bar to pour himself a drink.
“Those were Clint’s words, not mine. Anyway, you in or what?”
“Well…” Rhodey prompted, “are you going to spit it out or what?”
That night was the last time Steve had seen Natasha, and without her helping to keep things straight, he’d managed to convince himself that he couldn’t go back to work. Now that he had been promoted, it was unthinkable to possibly be Tony’s manager while walking around with the growing reminder of their time together. The omega drafted up an email, detailing his resignation. No matter how many times he went back to edit each and every single line, it never seemed right. So Steve decided that enough was enough, and settled for what he had in the moment, then sent it off to Coulson.
? Really?” Tony asked around a laugh.
“I’m sorry if this is a rude question, but is everything alright with you and Tony?”
“You’re one to talk,” Steve retorted, taking stock of Tony’s attire. He wore a brown bomber jacket atop a deep maroon shirt, dark jeans and black high tops. “You’re wearing Ferragamo sneakers,” he added.
left, and I refuse to just sit by and wait for the day that I’ll have to break Cora’s heart and tell her that you’ve left too. I might as well just cut all ties now while she’s young.”
“So, what’s this meeting all about?” Bucky asked, as Steve made his way into the apartment.
“Would you keep it down?!” Tony asked, jumping up to put a hand over Pepper’s mouth as he pulled her into his work space. He could tell by the look in her eyes that he would need to remove his hand very quickly if he wanted to actually keep it.
Tony considered the question. “No, all I need is you here with me to make Christmas perfect” Tony assured, with a sweet smile. “But Naked Christmas definitely wouldn’t hurt.”
“Alright then, I’ll see you in a bit,” Tony said softly, smiling to himself as he walked out of the teacher’s lounge.
Tony smiled at that, pulling  Steve in for a kiss. “If getting to know each other includes any more of what we just did, I'm fairly certain we'll be getting to know each other
Steve asked, nervously observing Tony at work.
Once Peter gave a knowing smile, Tony frowned. “Don’t you have some copies to go make?!” he snapped.
The two stood in silence for a moment before something dawned on Tony.
“Sprocket it is,” Tony said, smiling softly. As he turned to begin playing with the bot, Steve couldn’t shake the feeling he had in his chest. He knew in that very moment that he was falling for Tony. Steve knew he was doing the exact thing his friends warned him against, and even though he knew he was likely careening towards trouble, he simply just couldn’t find it in himself to care.
, Tony.”
“Might I ask why the host of such a raging Halloween party is up here instead of hanging among the masses?”
“I don’t want to ruin the surprise,” Steve said, glancing at his phone. “But it seems he’s here, so why don’t you go let him in.”
************
Steve couldn’t help but give her another suspicious look before they exited the car. They walked over to some shop called
“No, it’s fine. It’s not my place.”
The knife Steve had been using to spread mayonnaise on the sandwiches clattered to the counter. “Fucking hell, I really want to kiss you right now.”
Natasha took the scrap of paper, glancing over it before looking up at the blond. “This is great Steve, more than enough for us to find something helpful. Do you want me to let you know what I’m able to find?”
“No, Anthony, this is not a joke. Now let me in before someone sees me out here.”
“What could possibly be the downside to doing what truly makes you happy?"
“...no…” Steve answered in a small voice.
Of course, as a teacher, he had to find a way to avoid being accused of favoritism. So he took Peter under his wing, mostly within the robotics team; and if he managed to find a way to help Aunt May make the bills every month, while putting aside a scholarship for Peter’s college, well...that was his little secret.
“Are we in Vermont?” He asked, looking at the car next to theirs.
“Of course not! We just listened to the soundtrack on the ride over here… and I may or may not have shown her part of the movie.”
“Yeah, well I’m sure you would have loved physics if I’d been your teacher.”
“What is this, room service?”
Steve nestled up to the alpha as they settled into the bed, knowing full well that any hospital personnel would have a fit if they saw the pair as they were. But neither of them cared.
“Okay, well I lost my dad when I was fairly young, but my grandpa, my ma’s father, was always around to help look after us. He passed away when I was 12, and even though I’ve missed him every day since, I know  he’s always with me. His name was Mason, so I was thinking maybe that could be a contender,” Steve finished, feeling a little nervous about what Tony would think.
“I’ve not thrown away all of my money there, so nothing to worry about! Good talk!” Tony answered, clapping Rhodey on the back before moving around him to leave the shop.
“My fault or not, everything with Tony is fucked now and none of it matters anymore, so let’s just drop this and watch a movie or something.”
Steve’s stomach dropped at the mortification he suddenly felt. He combed his mind trying to remember any conversation that would have revealed Tony’s sobriety when he had a realization. “But...the first time I met you was in a bar.”
“You wish Tony loved you too,” Natasha finished for him.
The entire ride home, Steve struggled not to say something, anything that might fix the mess that Rumlow had caused. Once they got back to Tony’s penthouse, the alpha ran a hand through his hair. “I’m sorry about what happened back there. That asshole had no right to put his hands on you or to say the things he said. I got a little heated seeing him all over you like that, but I promise, that won’t ever happen again.”
“Whatever, coworkers go to lunch together all the time, it’s no big deal.”
“Someone is coming over to see you, today.”
Tony didn’t even have time to knock before the door swung open, and he was pulled inside.
The slight blush that his words garnered was too much for the brunet to handle. He just smiled and went right back to eating his dinner.
Steve sat in his living room, surrounded by his best friends and Chinese takeout. Now that things seemed to be getting serious, he’d decided to invite Bucky, Natasha, and Sam over to tell them all about Tony.
“I’ll call a car to take you to a hotel downtown for the rest of your stay here. I expect to see you at the symposium first thing in the morning, and if I don’t there will be hell to pay,” Howard warned before walking away.
“You have to promise me something, Steve.”
Steve sat there like that, surveying the world right outside his office with his hand on his belly, soaking it all in. Under his hand, there was a baby growing,
“Sorta.”
Steve considered both names, thought what it would be like to finally their baby and have a legitimate name for them, and a wide smile broke out onto his face.
Steve stood on the busy sidewalks of New York, right outside of his office building, having to remind himself to breathe in and out.
Clint scoffed. “Puh-lease. You have no control over how much we get paid, you can’t do shit.”
“How did you… how did you just do that?” Tony asked, still stunned.
As he sat there on his own, laying on the exam table, Steve couldn’t help but smile from ear to ear while thinking about what he had just seen. Seeing and hearing his baby was a surreal experience and he knew he would remember this forever. There was a knock at the door before the doctor came back in holding a folder. Steve vaguely listened to Dr. Banner’s words as he talked of future appointments and gave his congratulations.
At the moment, Steve remembered feeling slightly terrified but mostly excited at Natasha’s words and the thought of working at her bar. Now that the day was here, it seemed that all of the excitement had dissipated and gave way to nervousness. Before he could get too bogged down with his thoughts, the alarm began to sound. Steve just sighed and threw back his covers. The day was going to start with or without him, so he figured he might as well jump right into it.
“I want this, Tony. I want
“No! Uh, I mean no you don’t have to. I’ll be alright today.”
and Tony was trying his best to mentally prepare for it while also defending himself against Steve’s light teasing.
He did as he was told, and began to chow down. To his surprise, Steve took a seat and watched him eat.
"Why didn't you tell them you were awake."
The way Steve grabbed onto Tony’s hips as he did.
“That’s ok,” Steve replied, stopping to turn and look at the brunet, “ that just means you’ve got more space to fill with your friends and the people you care about. And hey, if you really are as good a cook as you say, maybe we can put together a dinner party for our friends some time.”
