It felt like being shot multiple times. He heard a bark of harsh, humorless laughter then he realized the sound came from him. He wiped at his tears, the horrible laugh still hadn’t stopped. It had never been the same again after that. He couldn’t forgive Howard anymore!
Because of course, the best way to make Bruce felt comfortable was to remind him that everyone on board except Tony thought of Bruce as nothing more than a monster, a ticking time bomb to be feared or given special consideration lest he wreaks havoc. And he thought Captain America supposed to be brilliant and fight for the underdog and all the craps Howard spouted out. Talk about fraud and propaganda.
Maria with the help of their helpers transformed the mansion into their love nest. They were really happy and in love.
Tony thought ‘Of course the way they wanted to handle it, was to try locking him up and unknowingly making everything worse. Idiots all of them, didn’t they monitored Bruce for more than a year, how could they not realize how much control he had?’
Tony became involved in veteran’s affairs after Afghanistan. He made advancement in prosthetic limbs for the wounded and invented new armor for soldiers. This reminded Steve of Howard so much that it hurt.
Steve swallowed his nerves and willed himself to pull Tony closer, enveloped him in a warm embrace and held him like he was a precious gem.
Loki was just like the old him, thirst for power, for war. Thor sounded sad “You think yourself above them?”
Thor's and Natasha’s voice and scent were also easy to pinpoint. He liked the god-like alien. Thor was very interesting and intriguing. Natasha was on his shit list as the rest of Shield-excluding Coulson for saving Pepper. She injected him in the neck with something against his will even if it was to save his life.
Tony wasn't fooled the slightest, his parents were living proof of the ugly truth. Soul-bonding wasn't the sacred or glorious thing that people, novels, and television made it out to be, and not all soul-bound couples were happy.
As a natural breeder, Omega had a stronger sense of smell than Beta and Alpha so they could sniff for any (sickness?) in a potential mate. As in genes, the more dissimilar the pheromone is the more genetic-suitable a pairing is according to science experiment using flies. Just like a woman in the human world, an Omega or other castes’ woman is 10 times better at reading people than male except Tony he is not that good at reading people. That is what he needs Rhodey for he is much better than a woman in reading people watch Teen Iron Man. Rhodey suspected something fishy with one of the main villains from the start. While Tony gets duped by another villain like the ice villain. It is funny that Rhodey is the one with the six-sense considering he is well male and Alpha.
Soulmate or not, Steve wasn't going to tolerate this! However, Steve didn't realize that he was in for more surprises.
“Yes, it was!” his voice was hard and flat and cut like a perfectly honed blade. “And got your dirty hand off me! This wasn’t 1940 where you could force me to be with you!”
Steve was so out of his depth that it was genuine excitement and relief when he understood something again. He jumped on the occasion to shine and piped up he understood Fury’s flying monkey Wizard of Oz reference with an enthusiasm that Tony had to tell himself ‘Rogers isn’t adorable.’
Steve started forward, a wave of visceral, animal pooled low in his stomach like the urge to vomit. The instinct to put the arrogant bastard in his place. "Put on the suit." His canine elongated voice thick with anger, blue eyes spat fire. They stood toe to toe; neither was giving an inch.
He downed all of it in one go before he pushed the empty glass away and opened the file with sweaty hands. Moment of truth!
“Lies? What, you think you knew my father more than I do. Me, who grew up in that bastard household while you, a national icon who benefitted his social standing.” his voice razor-sharp. “Just how much time did you got to spend with him during the war? I spent 16 years with that man before I knew better and fucking left that damn hellhole. If you think for one second that guy sincerely cared for anyone but himself then you were more stupid than I thought you are.” he spat acidly.
Tony Stark knew terror but nothing was more wrong or more gut-clenching terrifying than losing JARVIS- His partner. His friend. His security and comfort. His child. He was once again alone. The echoing silence was so wrong. So foreign.
Steve's discovery of S.H.I.E.L.D.'s Phase Two planned to use the Tesseract to create weapons made anger bubbling within him. Fury had breached his trust. He was the same as Loki wanted to weaponize the Tesseract.
Maria tried her best to offer him comfort and for some time it work. He would dismissed his feeling and focus on her. Making love to her was a great way to numb his frustration. It was just one of those days. But then one of those days became one of those weeks, which turned into one of those months. And the frustration began to spread like a disease, infecting his relationship with Maria, his home, his whole life.
Stark turned to leave, ignored them, but Steve stopped him. “You’re not going alone!” he made a grabbed for Tony’s hand and the brunet angrily slapped it away making his hackles rose.
“Okay. Soulbound isn’t eternal happiness but Tony, our… my feeling is real. I know you felt that. Our soul had touched twice. It is not some bond induce feeling. The way I feel, it can't be a new thing. It feels so familiar, like I'm used to it, watching you and--and feeling this way, and wanting to be with you. I know it's not. And I know deep down you know too. You are just afraid. What are you so afraid of Tony?"
All his love and his desperation for Howard's approval turned into anger and resentment. It suddenly made perfect sense. Howard would always love Captain America because he was the product and symbol of his genius. He would always hate Tony because his son represented everything he hated, his genius being replaced by better future generation and his gene failure in producing an Alpha and produced an Omega instead.
“No, I think you always have the potential.” She kissed him long and deep. “You just need to find the right motivation.” God help him, he would never get used to Pepper saying things like that!
Just like any high-level alpha, Rogers would aggressively show his dominant and true color by trying to beat the shit out of Tony, and of course, Tony would fight back and kick his ass thus step all over Roger’s big alpha ego. Rogers would realize what a bad match they were, problem solved!
Feeling reckless, Tony subtly picked up an electric screwdriver and walked around the room towards where Doctor Banner was working on a steel worktop.
Steve was quiet, trying to wrap his mind around this; it was obvious he found it difficult to accept the ugly truth. Hell, Tony wished it wasn’t the truth either.
‘Screw soul-mate, I barely knew him and he already stabbed me in the back! If I let him in, he would destroy me and I would let him.’ And to think he thought his mom was weak and pathetic for staying with his dad all those years. ‘NO! I WILL NEVER LET MYSELF SINK THAT LOW!’
They ran through the dim, debris-filled halls. Tony tried to stay ahead so Rogers wouldn't touch him again. He had no time to deal with the influx of emotions the other man brought.
Note: Howard was actually Steve half mate but Steve mistakenly think they’re soul-mate-despite they both being alpha and so dissimilar-because he felt the PULL, kind of like twilight. Of course Howard work it all out when he meet his true Soul-mate, Maria
Bruce laughed at that, disagreed. "Ah, see. I don't get a suit of armor. I'm exposed, like a nerve." Bruce lowered his eyes. "It's a nightmare," He said with resignation, misery and bitterness, shook his head slightly like he was trying to get rid of a bad dream.
The Omega’s hair appeared solidly black, straight, and rather long but fashionably styled with wind-blown, slightly ruffled locks. A reddish full mouth, tan skin and long lashes, Steven’s heart thumped distinctly faster in anticipation.
Steve laughed harshly and rubbed his hand over his face. “This was the real reason you rejected me, isn’t it? You’re such a parochial ass, Stark!” He wished he was still buried in the ice because nothing hurt him more than Tony’s rejection.
Tony Stark turned to face him with a deceptively innocent smile. “Uh... kind of been wondering the same thing about you.”
A weird blue blast flashing here and there causing people to run and screams. Loki slowly walked out and materialized in his gold armor and helmet. The police arrived and with no hesitation, he BLASTED the cars, FLIPPING them over and over.
Before it seemed possible that Anthony had reached him, he was straddling him, legs wrapped around him, lips crushing his. Shock waves of pleasure flowed through him… Anthony felt their bond pulsed between them, raw, real, and with roots deep enough to wrap around and penetrate his brain, heart, and some deeper part of him he couldn’t name. The force of emotion flowing between them like an impossible two-way river, they could felt sheer, unrivaled joy singing through their blood and bones. Warm fluttered and spark spreading like wildfire through their body and set off fireworks in their curiously empty skull. Like Ambrosia, it addicted his mind, body, and senses completely.
Note: I had read a website about people sharing stories about meeting their soul-mate. Many recognized their soul-mate at first sight, other required interaction, and Twin Flame could felt their soulmate in the same area as them. Twin flames could felt it in their soul that this person had a close relationship platonic/romantic with them in many lifetimes.
Loki raised his hand in a gesture to silence him, his voice was icy but there was sadness in his features “YOUR. FATHER.”
“Howard was my soulmate, and he was long gone!” At the memory of his soul-mate, his scratchy but desert-dry eyes suddenly wanted to cry. His vision blurred as he flung and burst yet another reinforce punching bag across the room to join the pile of broken and dismembered bags in the same general area.
Steve gunned the punching back like a wild animal, his strength unleashed, his self-control was in tattered now, each of his blows far too harsh and far too fast. Fury was trapped somewhere in the middle of being rivet and concern.
He had seen the reflection. The man in his dream looked like him but much taller, with night-black hair, and ocean-blue eyes that brimming with happiness and love... Not him!
Flesh met flesh drawing twin moans from each of them, mouth met mouth, and sending shock waves of pleasure through both, desire met desire, driving out of reason.
Tony’s chest ached with an un-namable feeling at the sight of the tough soldier’s tears. Good god, somehow Steve had looked much more beautiful now.
“So now you’re playing dumb.” he hissed looking like a viper about to strike. Steve had seen the cave footage and no doubt had read analysis about it surely he knew about Yinsen yet he had to choose now to twist the knife in. As if failing Coulson wasn’t enough, he had to be reminded he let Yinsen died too. And to think he actually felt guilty for harshly rejected the guy, Alpha like him deserved to be taken down a peg or two.
He needed to tone it up, kept them in the dark. Patted Thor on his bicep with a smirk and walked past him. "No hard feelings Point Break, you've got a mean swing."
Steven closed his eyes, fought to breathe, and glanced at him. Anthony’s hair was wild. Young and gorgeous and innocent.
There was a deafening crash. The ship lurched violently, throwing everyone in the lab in every direction in surprise. Natasha and Bruce were blasted through the lab window to the floor below, Fury and Thor toppling to the floor. Steve dived in to shield Tony as part of the wall collapsed and fire breathed overhead.
Panted lightly, Steve rose up on one knee slowly, feigning injury to catch the smug jerk off guard by letting him think he had won.
The heat rose again, more potent, more powerful, a wave of burgeoning heat, it swamped them, swelled crashed and rolled through them. Tony kissed him as he wanted and intended to devour every sensual inch of Rogers and while Rogers' heart sang, his senses gloried.
They ran past Maria, who was trying to keep the bridge as calm as possible and heard her speaking through the earpiece.
Instinct kicked in and Tony pushed as hard as he could at Roger's chest. Thankfully he still had his gauntlet on him. Tony stepped back like he was burned, desperate for whatever space he could get between them.
Steve could feel Tony through the bond, it filled him with gut-wrenching fear he swore he felt Tony’s desperation. His Twinflame desperation to live had echoed in his head before it slowly faded.
Tony’s voice was getting frantic. “Lever! Now!” no answer. The rotors picked up speed. His grip slipped and his eyes widened in alarm as the rudder advanced away from him. He let out a cry of pain as the force of its blade crashed into his backside with a harsh clang. “Uh-oh---,” Tony said, right before he was sucked under the spinners. The smaller router knocked the metal of his suit around like a pinball.
He admired Bruce's intellect and control, and was simply manly-flirting with him in his teasing 'pull your pigtails' way; to make the man comfortable to be himself around him.
"Following's not really my style." Tony quipped, shrugged and tossed a couple of blueberries into his mouth cockily.
Then Maria’s shock started crumbling away to make room for – to give her the first taste of – a whole new world of pain. The kind of pain that made her wanted to rip her heart out of her chest. An ache that will always be there, no matter what. It's not numbed, and it's omnipresent. The room blurred in front of her eyes as her tears fell unbidden.
A small part of Steve thrashed around uselessly, desperately tried to stop himself, but his lips weren’t complying. There was a bigger part of him that felt some vicious satisfaction flowing through his veins at the hint of Tony’s weakest point and wanted to cut deep. To make Tony bleeds the way he was bleeding, to make him felt how he made Steve felt. How much his harsh words and rejection had hurt Steve. To show how disgusted Steve was at having someone like him as his soul-mate.
Tony didn’t have the patience to hear Fury’s idiotic reasons cut of his rants. “A nuclear deterrent, cause that always calmed everything right down.” Tony snorted. He had learned the hard way HOW DANGEROUS A NUCLEAR-DETERRENT WAS IN THE WRONG HANDS!
It had been a few weeks since Steve started living in the Tower. Just as he expected Tony had been nothing but civil and professional toward him. It was actually kind of annoying but Steve understood it would take a lot for Tony to relax around him.
Steve hadn’t known what to expect, hadn’t given it much thought to anything beyond meeting-his-soul-mate. But he had expected something like relief or happiness or something more from Tony. Even from inside the suit of armor, Tony must have felt the pull since Steve did…
Hands were greedily searching to give and to take pleasure. He arched against Steve, offering, challenging, crying out when the blond sought and found each secret until his breath was on fire in his lung and his body a mass of sensation.
Steve couldn't help grinning back. "Did I ever!" before pushing past Tony through the elevator’s door.
With the musician resting, he had worked his way around the room, work from group to group, exchanging greetings and comments, smoothly shifting until he got his soulmate in his sight.
“You wanna know my secret, Agent Romanoff? You want to know my secret; you want to know how I stay calm.” his voice filled with barely constrained anger.
"Stabilizing material." Before Tony continued, he turned to Agent Coulson and whispered "Listen to me, pick a weekend, I'll fly you to Portland. Keep love alive."
"You know, I should probably look into that." He said, moving over to one of the suspended computer screens and tapped on a few icons. "We'll know Fury's game plan once my decryption program finishes breaking into all of S.H.I.E.L.D.'s secure files." Tony said casually.
His heartbeat faster-Captain America the man he never wanted to meet in a million years, stood tall, strong, and breath-taking… no, not breath-taking!
Thor dragged Loki to his feet, stepped closer, looked his brother over, “I thought you were dead.” his eyes glistened with tears.
Note: Tony distrust Alpha especially male Alpha in general because of his bad experience. And he is not exactly fan of Omega either since during school and university rivalry for hierarchy among an Omega is common to get a better mate. And they resent Tony for being popular despite skipping many year because he is rich and a very high level Omega Causing him to be an outcast among fellow Omega while growing up.
“That’s great.” an eyebrow raised from Anthony, his expression skeptical. “I mean I hate how everyone pretends that Omegas are something to be cherished when they just want to breed them and force them to dedicate their whole life to just being a housewife and househusband.” he said, with a fervor that surprised him.
A part of Tony wanted to roll his eyes at Roger’s ridiculousness, but he couldn’t bring himself to do that. He had said more than enough on the way here.
Steve raised an eyebrow at Tony's arrogance and disregard for rules. "And you're all about style, aren't you?" He replied with a raise of his blond eyebrows.
“His pictures and info are in the debriefing packet I gave you. One of the Avengers Initiative. You can confirm whether he is your soul-mate or not yourself,”
“He was such a great man that he continued to sell weapons after the war and used the motto peace was having a bigger stick than the other man to justify every blood in his hand. Never mind that there was always a better way to protect and preserve our peace.” Tony spat. He was so stupid to buy Howard motto for years, made weapons because he truly believes he was helping peace. Now he knew better and made better armor for the American soldier and revolutionized prosthetic limbs instead of weapons of mass destruction. But it was too late for millions of innocent that died because of his foolishness. He was a far worse monster than Howard Stark ever was!
Summoned his fallen hammer, Thor quickly climbed to his feet and thrust the hammer to the sky. Pealing clap of thunders streaked the sky and a wild storm brewed about them. Thor drew the lightning towards his hammer. With a grunt, he channeled the electronic bolts on Tony before he could swerve out the way, trying to override his power.
He was stunningly impressive. He was tall, well over 6 feet, with broad shoulders and a tapering waist. There was something elegant in his stance. Elegantly attired in a black evening coat, pristine white shirt and cravat, and black trousers. Everything about him from the breadth of his shoulders to the length of his long legs seemed to perfect proportion with his height. But it was neither his willowy figure nor his stunning face that left him breathless and stupid. It was his soulmate’s soul. It shone in his oceanic eyes like sunlight on diamonds, gleamed on the very glow of his butternut skin.
"I think it's about the mechanics. Iridium, What do they need Iridium for?" A new voice said, the tone soft, calm and a little insecure… Doc. Banner.
Tony wasn’t sure if Fury meant his words to be impressive or for his ‘powerful,’ stance to be intimidating, but all he felt was a pity for Fury. Fury was just like the old him, an idiot who thought weapons could solve the problem when it only brought bloodshed after bloodshed.
Grateful that he got away with just a hot ache in his arm from the force, Steve slowly got to his feet, panting slightly. He faced the two. "Are we done here?"
But Tony didn’t appear through the portal. Instead, Steve saw an expanding light, an explosion that came from the detonation sweep through the open portal.
Through the bond, Anthony felt Steven tension towered like a flame, burned him. He leaned back, arched to him.
The brunet, although Steve couldn't see, made a withering look. "See that red lever?" Tony demanded.
Tony and Natasha: high level Omega. One with strong will to controls any alphas. Natasha even harnesses her caste and uses it as a weapon
He heard an odd whimpering noise and realized it must have been him, since Tony was still just standing there, unsmiling, gazing at him. Then Steve realized that Tony was looking at him with resentment and anger and something else he couldn’t decipher lurking in his beautiful eyes.
“I am sorry for what happen.” Steve's voice was both gentle and firm "But right now we gotta put what happened behind us and got this done. Now Loki needed a power source if we could put together a list..."
As much as Steve disliked it, he couldn't bear being separated from his soul-mate so soon when they were in the same vicinity, it was like withdrawal from a drug.
“I got low. I didn't see an end, so I put a bullet in my mouth... and the other guy spat it out!” Bruce admitted. “So I moved on. I focused on helping other people. I was good until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone here at risk!” Bruce's voice got angrier as he looked at Romanoff, who seemed unnerved.
Elsewhere on the Helicarrier, Steve was standing outside secure storage room 10-C, pressing his weight against the heavy door until he heard a metallic click of the lock opening. He pulled the door open and slipped inside. He looked around the storage room, climbing up some crates to a higher level. He needed to find something to see what Fury was working on, to settle his worries, or to prove Tony and Bruce right about their fears.
After what seemed like a long flight, they finally arrived at the Helicarrier. Not wanting to be in Rogers’ presence longer than necessary Tony quickly made his way to the cargo.
“NO BUT! DO AS I SAY!!” Tony cried out in pain when Howard booted foot connected with his side hard. Howard proceeded to hit him again and again, only this time he hit him where it could be hidden by clothes. The pain Howard had inflicted was nothing compared to the pain in his heart!
“I've heard a lot about you from Howard.” He arched his eyebrow when Steve's face brightened at the mention of Howard Stark. “Howard praised you to heaven and back.” Tony's voice turned mocking. “The way I see it he must be senile, wasting all his time and money looking for a superhero of your standard.”
And to his shame, he had responded. Abandoned his rational and logical side in an overwhelming drive to capture and seize, seduce and possess. He had sunk so deeply under the heady rush, under the enthralling spell, that if the whole team had come tramping through the room, he wouldn't have noticed. He should have steeled himself to resist, to hold firm, to not let Rogers bend him to his will.
Steve dropped to a knee avoiding the blow then he punched and kicked and dodged Loki’s blows. Their fight seemed like a dance.
He felt an ache, loneliness that would not cease, and shivered in a way that had nothing to do with the cold. It was all gone, gone, gone. He could never come home, there was no home waiting for him any longer. He felt like a big piece of himself had been torn away, and he hadn’t even known it existed before it was gone!
Trying to pacify the Super-Soldier, Fury holds out his hand and headed toward Steve, imitated a placating gesture. “Rogers, we gathered everything related to the Tesseract. This does not mean that we're—.” Fury attempted to explain.
"Where is this coming from?" Natasha muttered uneasily, her crimson tresses whipped around her face as she scanned the sky. It had gone from peaceful to violent in seconds.
"It doesn't matter." Tony growled through his filter, frustrated. "If he frees Loki or kills him, the Tesseract is lost."
How Tony could ignore him when Steve was acutely aware of him? His expression, his shape, his scent. They were Twin-soul, Tony had to feel their bond so why only Steve seemed affected.
She struggled at home with insomnia, pain, night sweats, bad reactions to her medicine, and extreme fatigue. Still, the sense of emptiness remained so visceral it was as if she could feel that part of her womanhood was missing, almost like she imagine an amputee felt phantom limb pain. She also wept without apparent cause on several occasions.
It wasn’t what Steve wanted to hear, but like an angel's breath sent through a parted cloud that apology.
Steve's hands were bleeding, his body trembled. He wanted to fall to the floor, collapse under sobs that spiral out from his bones.
"Was he married?" Steve asked quietly, his face tight with emotion. He hadn't known Agent Coulson very well. He had been slightly uncomfortable being treated like a celebrity for a few moments with the man. But the hidden pain in Tony's eyes told Steve that he knew Coulson very well.
Steve had to stop himself from wincing when all that intelligence focus with lethal intensity solely on him like he was nothing but a worm and Tony was finding a way to crush him beneath his shoes.
He knew he shouldn’t but after reading the report he had been given by SHIELD his curiosity won, and he hacked into Shield’s security cameras.
"I think Loki is trying to wind us up, this is a man who means to start a war, and if we don't stay focused, he'll succeed." Steve looked over at Bruce and then back to Tony. "We have ordered, we should follow them." He said, squared his jaw and straightened his spine.
Tony pointed the screwdriver at Steve, shrugged "Funny things are." He answered smartly before slouched defiantly in his t-shirt and worn blue-jeans. He wished the man would just leave him and Bruce alone again so he could convince the man to work for him.
Tony opened his mouth then shut it again. He was willing to die as many times as it took if he couldn’t figure another way out, but that wasn’t something he would share with others especially someone like Rogers. The bastard would just turn his words into mockery and used it as a fodder for more insult.
Feeling the bond again, he brought up an entire wealth of emotional baggage Tony believed he had buried long ago. He thought he had subdued the bond when all those dreams stop, years ago.
Vibrations rattled Iron Man's armor and Tony's body jerked frantically, made his teeth chattered and sent great heaping breaths of air into his lungs. The arc reactor's light sputtered to life with a dull blue glow once more. His eyes flew open and for a moment all he could see was white.
He saw Anthony’s shoulders began to relax, an urbane smile graced his lovely mouth. “Indeed, a pleasure.” His eyes told Steven no more than if they’d been made by glass.
‘Holy shit.' Tony thought, startled to see the god flat on his back, knocked down by his own power. He refused to be amazed by Rogers.
Steve’s very life was hanging by a breath yet he realized nothing he said would change Tony’s mind, would save his very soul. They had to save New York. “… I love you, Tony.” Steve sounded so grave as he spoke into the comm. ‘Tony please...’
Thor stepped forward and addressed Fury with thunder-like fury. “Your work with the Tesseract was what drew Loki to it, and his allies.” His voice was sharp as he warned. “It was the SIGNAL to all the REALMS that the earth was ready for A HIGHER FORM OF WAR.” Thor said trying to make Fury understand what they were getting themselves into.
“Do it.” The photo of his Alpha flashed up in front of Tony’s eyes as he waited for her to answer. The comfort of Pepper’s love had healed the wounds and scars of his heart he needed to tell her how much she meant to him. No luck, his heart sunk. She was probably glued to the TV wherever she was right now.
“You said I am not a hero and my father was a far better man than I am, I admit you were right on the bat.” Steve’s face contorted in surprise at Tony’s confession.
The alarms blared as the storm started picking up. Only a moment later the plane shook as a heavy thump smashed onto the ship from above their heads.
It was one long second before Natasha texted back “He looked tired but he seemed okay. He and Pepper break up seemed very amicable.”
Everyone was watching the action from their offices and places of work, worrying as they saw Tony following the nuke and driving it upwards into the sky. Nick Fury and Maria Hill watched anxiously, unable to do anything from where they were.
In my mind: Natasha disguise her-self as a high level beta (near alpha enough to attract the Omega in Tony but Beta enough to made Tony less wary of her) in iron man 2 because Tony is less wary around beta and had more female beta lover than Omega or alpha-especially the male one.
He hurtled towards Steve and barrelled into the remaining gunner at full speed, took him out. Tony collapsed on the ledge when his suit stuttered and fritzed with sparks. He rolled over, switched the faceplate up, gasping a little. His head swimming and he felt like he had run a marathon. He closed his eyes tiredly, just for a second, just for a bit of rest...
"You know damn well why!" Rogers yelled molten fury turned his eyes from rich velvet to sharp jet. "Back off!" A raw, real growl ripped from his throat with animalistic fury.
Note: Just so we avoid confusion the presence in Steve’s dream is Tony not Howard. Steve just thought it is Howard because he thinks he is his Soul-mate
He could feel Steven's hardness pressing through the layers of cloth between them, and the sensation woke a desperate triumph in him and even more desperate hunger.
It was easy to get Maria’s pregnant. What they didn’t expect was what happen after. A full on nine months of Hyperemesis gravidarum hit her like a brick wall. Once, on the second month she spent 6 hours vomiting and having chest pains and subsequently breathing difficulties. The family’s doctor called an ambulance and she was rushed off to A&E, continuing to be sick in the ambulance on the way. She spent the night being pumped with fluids.
"Cap?" he heard Natasha said, and he realized with a heavy heart he had to make the hardest call of his life. His heartbeat hysterically, it going to explode in his chest. There was only so much time they had to close the portal before the bomb would backfire to New York. Tony would have died in vain if Steve allowed that hole to stay open. No matter, how much he wanted to die with Tony he couldn’t let other people die.
Then fear pulsed through Tony like electricity when he realized with a startling horror that if he could felt what Steve's felt during the kiss then Steve... His face turned pale, mouth opened and closed without any sounds escaping. He couldn't bring himself to form the question, it sat on his tongue, turned his mouth to cotton.
Steve recognized them from when Coulson had shown them on the way to the Helicarrier. Seeing them on the table, stained with blood made his body felt numb, another good man died because of war. He reached and picked one up, a card with a picture of him as Captain America. It was a reminder of the only thing he still had, and everything he had lost. To the surrounding agents, he appeared to be sitting stoically in his seat, but inside, his soul was weeping earnestly in agony.
Tony forced himself to continue, to not waver in the face of Roger’s pain. Sometimes he really hated himself. “I only love Pepper.” And he did, he loved Pepper deeply. Even if one day she grew tired of him and left, he would always love her, as long as there was a breath in his body.
Howard had searched for Captain America obsessively again after his son was born. When Tony was only two years old and Howard's search had yielded nothing since finding the Tesseract, he turned to the bottle to forget his woes.
‘Wasn’t that what you deserved?! They took over Yinsen’s village, killed his family and him, all using the weapons you created!’ his mind told him. ‘At the end of the day, everything always came back to you!"
His lips parted beneath his lover's and a moan escaped his throat. Steven’s warm hand on his back sent ripples of pleasure cascaded down his spine. That hand pulled him closer. So close, imprinted Anthony’s body to his —it was as if Steven intended they would never be separated again.
Tony frowned at Steve, wanted him to get on their side with this. "An intelligence organization that fears intelligence? Historically, not awesome." Tony scoffed, looked at Steve for a response.
Loki clenched his hands into fists on his lap. "I'm not overly fond of what follows." he answered while lifting his gaze to scan the roof of the plane as if he expected something to fall through it.
The tension flew out the window when the computer beeped the signal for locating the Tesseract and they turned to it, for a moment just staring blankly at it.
Tony had to squash forlornly the impulse to touch Steve, to check on his injury. He blamed it on his Omega instinct. The Captain seemed fine.
Loki seemed to have the upper hand. Tony needed to do something. It was, first and foremost, a clear indication of how fucked up he was that he wasn’t the least afraid of fighting a craze superpower alien but was very much afraid of meeting his soul mate.
One fan said Tony is like a baby goat who keeps trying to make friends with puppy Steve by head-butting him, but Steve does not understand that that is how goats show affection.
Steve looked at the file and reread it again and again. Hope blossomed in his chest. A rare type, a very high-level Omega. Steve had never met a high-level type Omega before but he heard they had really seductive pheromone and very fertile. Two per three chances to get pregnant during heat if caution wasn’t taken-and thus highly sought after and usually went for high-level Alpha or rich and powerful one.
‘Did my soulmate found me lacking and undeserving.” It felt like his heart was torn from his chest. No, he would meet the love of his life and proved himself worthy!
Vaguely ignored the bond and voice shouted 'Hey!' in an angry tone from his left, Tony just leaned in closer. Watching Banner with narrowed eyes to tests his reaction. No, he couldn't see ANY ESSENCE OF THE HULK.
In Japan, they had something called Kintsugi-the art of repairing precious pottery with lacquer dusted or mixed with powdered gold, silver, or platinum, a method similar to the maki-e technique that resulted in a piece that had obviously been broken, but was more beautiful for it. A beauty born from tragedy. If only if human being could be repair like that. He was scars with mistakes, with shame and no matter how great an engineer he was, Tony Stark couldn’t repair himself. He didn’t even know how to begin.
Steve’s smile looked wicked like it had been cut into his face with a knife. “I had seen ALL the footage. I knew what you did. I knew what a bastard you were.’’ Steve goaded him.
The two scientists carried on staring at each other for a moment. "Nothing?" Tony asked despite already suspecting the answer. He figured that if the guy had enough control to go for, over a year, without incident in areas most people would stress out in, he would stay in control.
"Loki, drop the weapon and stand down!" Romanoff's voice blared from the speaker but Loki wasn't listening. Like greased lighting, he launched a blue blast at the aircraft. Natasha barely had enough time swerve out of its path.
Sure his mother once told him how his father used to be a great lover and Alpha, but now she drank and smoked to forget a husband who was never there… not since she became pregnant with their son.
At least, he wasn’t the only one doing the homework. Let’s see how smart the famous Doc. Banner was in person.
Maria’s water broke entirely too early and presenting in full breech. By the time the family’s doctor came Maria had progressed to screaming and cursing Howard’s name.
The empty vacuum of space enclosed around him, dark and blindingly bright. Tony kept soaring through the darkness with the missile. His display-screen flickered with the failed call to Pepper. “Sir.” The AI stuttered sounded so grave and faded away as he continued flying with the nuke further and further into the abyss.
With their eyes still on him, he leaped down and landed not a few feet from the pair. Tony watched as Rogers and Thor stared at each other like gunslingers. Steve begin “Now, I don't know what you planned on doing here…"
“You good?” Steve breathed out, lowered his head to look at him. He felt warmer like Tony was giving off some kind of energy that Steve was now close enough to feel. He wished they would get even closer so they’d be breathing the same air-if he could remember to breathe.
Steve jammed his hands into his pockets as if to keep them from gravitating back to touch the Omega.
Natasha pointed Loki’s staff into the circle of magic surrounded the ray pointed up into the heavens, pierced the bubble and pushed it forward into the center of the device where the tesseract pulsed worryingly.
Maria Stark foundation had helped many people years before Afghanistan. Scholarship, building facilities, helping poor people and sick patient helping farmers and increased food supplies in poor countries.
“This way, Mr. Stark.” Bruce replied. He led him down a barren corridor, walked companionably by his side.
Howard’s side of the bed had been empty for days made the room felt too big for her. Tears fell to her cheeks. She cried until she felt too tired to continue. It wasn’t supposed to be like this! How did her life turned into this?!
She mostly forgot Tony even exist... only paying him attention when he was paraded out for social events. Otherwise, it was up to the nanny and Jarvis to look after him. And that was before Howard lost interest in his wife and started cheating left and right. After that, his mom started to spout poisonous words and treated him harshly.
“It is because of Howard… because it is the only thing I can do for him besides taking care of his company.” he was spilling something deeply personal again. Tony felt a deep sense of guilt because he was telling someone he barely knew something he never told Pepper, his Alpha.
Steve flipped a couple of switches that were flashing rapidly. "Okay, the relays are intact," he reported. "What's our next move?" he asked, shoving the panel back into its original place.
“Peggy, the commandoes are dead.” another cry left him, sounding more like a choked sob as he gunned into the punching bag like a wild animal again. Sand began pouring out of the hole that Steve had made earlier causing it to sag in the middle and the top half to fall backward slowly.
Fury wasn’t finding a particularly receptive audience, so he switched his tone to be more placating and hold out his hand as he explained. “The world's filling up with people who couldn't be matched, they couldn't be controlled.” Fury said while facing Tony. The head of SHIELD gave him a hard stare as if willing him to understand.
Not until that moment had Steve realized how empty he had felt how desperately he needed to hold the other half of his soul. As deep as bones, as ingrained as blood, as essential as breath- all needs and all desires were ultimately only one. Tony the fiery and dynamic center which everything else in Steve's world turned to.
Tony tried to exert the cold control that he usually did when managing his big company. Right now he needed to be Tony Stark, the businessman - shrewd, a predator and above all ruthless. He did his best to ignore the bond railing against him…
With wide eyes, he watched as Iron Man shot two blasts of light at Loki sending him flying into a crumbled mess and ripped up the tiles. Then Iron Man landed in his trademark three-point landing on the ground just a few feet away from the fallen god.
"Good. Let's see what we got." Tony answered, flew by in his Iron Man suit, stopped at the engine and scanned it. He observed the damage to the engine and looking for the quickest way to fix it.
Silence ensued as everyone took that in. Tony was the only one seemed unafraid; he was concerned for his new friend.
“Okay.” Tony voice and eyes steeled with determination, he would show the Asgardian not to mess with Iron Man!
Iron Man rose up with all the grace of a metal lion. Light reflected off his immaculate armor as Iron Man stood both flashy and imposing at once to Loki. The cogs and whirs sounded as missiles and mini machine gun came bursting out of his armor and aimed in Loki's direction. It was an impressive layout, no wonder Tony was so full of himself!
Tony and Coulson walked toward the bridge, he could feel Roger’s presence in the control room. Decided on playing it cool, he asked Coulson about his love life, tried to focus on their talk rather than the pull.
They’d all be true. In the end, what he decided on was. “It didn’t matter why. I’m going to marry Pepper.” he sounded resigned, why the hell did he sound resigned, marrying Pepper had been his dream for the past 2 years! This was all the soul-bound doing, it was poisoning his mind.
Thor shook his head, almost wanted to laugh at how naïve his brother still was. "Then you miss the truth of ruling, brother. A throne would suit you ill." Thor replied. That seemed to hit a nerve. Loki turned, snarled and spanned around to him.
Eventually, the guards boxed him at familiar streets of Times Square that glimmered with a colorful, unfamiliar facade.
Tony let out a small frustrated sound. "He was out of his league. He should have waited. He should have...” he trailed off, voice hard with frustration that had no available outlet.
“Let’s just not come in tomorrow. Let’s just take a day.” Tony panted, voice croaky and body tired from all the exertion. “Have you guys ever tried shawarma? There’s shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don’t know what it is but I want to try it.” Tony babbled on with his all-too-famous lack of seriousness before looking to the Hulk. "You ever try shawarma?"
“Yep, I noticed,” Tony said sarcastically. Jumping on the piece of metal to clear the blockage. Once he cleared the debris from the engine turbine, Tony boosted his thrusters and shot down into the rotors. With every ounce of his willpower, Iron Man pushed on the rotor until it scraped along the edges, using his feet boosters to propel him faster. After a few more rotations, Tony had the rotors going at a normal speed. The Helicarrier began to level out. Steadily, it went faster and faster and soon was reaching critical speed.
"Yep!" Tony nodded and quickly got to his feet and headed to the door. Tony felt Roger's strong warm hand on his hand, helping him when he stumbled. The touch solid and electric, even through his shirt, Tony quickly jerked his arm away. He refused to receive any more help from Captain Asshole. His arm still tingling where the Captain had touched him.
IN time he did develop some real feeling toward Howard but they wasn’t that compatible biologically (both Alpha) and in personality.
"And you're doing a marvelous job with that?! The humans slaughter each other in droves while you idly fret. I mean to rule them, and why should I not?" Loki asked, looking at his former companion.
His affair were publicized in the news because people believed soul-bonds were sacred and everlasting and wanted to know what went wrong. There were even a discussion about it on Television.
That was the first time he finally admitted to himself that there was no going back to how things used to be with him and Pepper. Did he have no other choice but to give in? Before he even considered that, there was something he needed to know. He was a man of science.
Tony couldn't tell if this was a good thing or not or that he was waiting with bated breath until Steve began positively beaming and Tony sighed in relief. "I can't believe this." Steve was saying laughingly.
Now he needed to plan the defensive measures and fortifications of the tower upgrade. Pepper had suggested he put the bracelets-linked to Tony’s bio-signature that would call the new remote armor-in strategic locations around the Tower.
Steve continued to lay waste into the bag, heard Fury stepped closer before stopping near him. It seemed the man didn’t understand an obvious dismissal when he saw one.
Tony’s armor had all sorts of weapons and absolutely dominated in ranged combat; with the added bonus of aerial combat, He would have Captain America on the ground before he even took a hit!
He had finally met with the object of Howard obsession and still didn’t understand why Howard had been so obsessed in finding Captain fucking America under the ice. Was Howard this narcissistic about his creation, it mostly Erskine’s formula that did the work with Captain America.
“No, wait!” Tony shouted back, as a brilliant idea occurred to him. And as time was of the essence, there was no other way to deal with the bomb. He was going to end this.
Maria had been drowning in depression that she completely neglected Tony’s care. There were never any hugs of tenderness or encouragement. She never or cared about any need of her son.
Iron Man pushed the button that opened the hatch and marched toward it, he wasn’t sure of the threat outside but he was ready to fight.
"You know, the last time I was in Germany…” More people began to stand as Steve wandered forward. He smiled, their actions fuelled him on. "And saw a man standing above everybody else, we ended up disagreeing."
A whiff of a warm, somehow familiar Alpha’s scent swirled: wholesome, unwavering, safe. The bond urged him to do it so Steve reached out and took Tony’s hand in his, warm and solid and electric. A moment of surprised the other man didn’t pull away before he caressed his hand. It was a touch so light, so soft, and so careful. It reminded Tony of the way Jarvis treated his bruises and wounds when he was a small child.
If he was anyone else, Steve would have fallen hard from the shove. He stared at Tony, face flush, but slowly contorting with confusion and hurt.
Jarvis traced the two aliens in no time. The moment Tony saw the two figures, he didn't hesitate to hurtle down and tackled the blond god right off the cliff in mid-flight. Grabbing him by the neck, Tony carried him to a clearing.
The final stitches had been sewn shut. After days of angry words bubbled low in his throat like something hot and acidic caught behind his teeth every time he was in the same vicinity with his dad, it gave him the best of feeling to finally gave Howard a piece of his mind before he left the Stark’s mansion for good. Took away any control his dad had over him and ended the little cycle of misery Howard had put him through. He prided himself on not repeating Maria’s mistake of being too dependent on Howard and too pathetic to break free.
"It seemed to run on some form of electricity." Steve replied both frustrated and baffled. They need to get this sorted fast or many people would die. 'At least Tony could fly.' His mind told him. It did a lot for his nerve knowing that even if they fail, Tony would be saved.
Heard that, Tony was hit by his relief so profound all the muscles in his body went slack, his helmet thunk softly on the ground. He let out a sighed in relief and appreciate how good air felt whistling through his lungs. “All right, yay!” He cheered meekly, raising his fist half-heartedly. He was more worn out than he would ever admit to.
Steve should feel like the happiest man in the world with that news but he remembered how much Tony loved Pepper. He texted back “Was Tony okay?”
Tony stepped forward to engage but barely got the chance to try punching Thor. Thor’s face suddenly turned vicious and he swung the hammer onto Tony’s faceplate hard, blowing Iron Man backward. Tony landed directly on top of Steve as the two of them collapsed to the floor.
A genius inventor as a child, graduated from MIT ridiculously young, lost both his parents at 19. He became CEO of Stark Industry a powerful international company that manufacturing weapons at 21 and changed it from a multimillionaire company to a multibillionaire company in only a few years. Tony had several PhDs.
Cap raised the shield just in time, gritted his teeth at the impact, letting the hammer's hit vibrated but defused the power. The kinetic energy was immense; the clearing filled with a blinding light and a heavy shock-wave that blown off everything standing within a mile and Thor of the ground.
Her admission pricked him. "What was that supposed to mean? We were dating. We were together. You were meant to be angry. Why weren't you angry?"
He could retort and insulted Rogers about failing to save his best friend, but even Tony Stark had a line he wouldn’t cross especially remembering how depressed Rhodey was after losing his comrades. At least, he wasn’t as low as Rogers.
It took him many months to let his guard down enough around Pepper to see him without his shirt on. Her smile was so blinding Tony thought he could still be able to see it, even with his eyes closed.
Beta usually attracted to Beta, Omega and Alpha usually attracted to each other with a small percentage of exception. But since the number of Alpha was more than 2 times Omega, the rest end up with Beta. But it was frowned upon by some (though most population was okay with it). Like the Beta was seen as stealing Alpha from a potential Omega and a waste of good gene especially if it was high-level Alpha.
NO, calm down. He just needed to squash it before it grew and fester… he must squash it. Unlike Howard, he wasn’t Icarus and he would never let Rogers be his sun. He settled into his mask of cold, disdain…
After that, they all talked over each other and argued. It was a giant cluster of confusion and anger but the center of Steve’s attention was always Tony. They were fighting pointlessly, Steve knew this, but he felt a dark, furious rage directed primarily at his soul-mate who rejected him harshly, a man who just lost everything that he couldn't manage to shut up.
“Because he is my soulmate.” he murmured, he couldn’t even drag his attention from his soulmate to his cousin.
Tony's eyes were dark, troubled like the sea roiling during a thunderstorm. Rogers with only one kiss had undone the control he had spent 13 years and more perfecting. The first touch of his lips had stuck right through his defenses, had connected directly with his inner self, he normally kept well leashed and tripped the lock.
Tony's heart broke for him... but he held firm. He doubted that Rogers was even thinking straight. The stupid bond was clouding his mind just like it clouded Tony's. There was no way Captain America would even consider someone like Tony let alone became this desperate for him. He was stubborn and disrespectful and uncouth and just not good enough.
“Mind your tone.’’ Maria’s lips twisted into a slight ugly snarl as she glared at him. “You’re just a butler.’’ She spat venomously. “I and Howard were happy before I was pregnant with this… this abomination! Couldn’t even be born an Alpha!”
JARVIS did and his brilliant AI informed him that his medical records that show his childhood abuse and psychoanalysis had also been erased. He didn’t care what their reason was. Fury, Natasha/Natalie, and SHIELD were so high in Tony’s shit list, it wasn’t even funny! He knew things wouldn’t end so easily, the mono-eye bastard had another copy of the footage.
A pealing clap of thunder streaked the sky, flashing blue light through the small space followed by the heavy rumbling of thunder.
He was skeptical at first because that would mean living the same tower as Steve. He didn’t think he could handle interacting with the Captain daily. Just being near the man was intoxicating. Then he realized how selfish that thought was. Tony Stark was a selfish person but that would be a new level of selfishness.
Thor looked about as surprised and disbelieved as the rest of them excluding Tony and Bruce who quickly figured it out using the info from the files they had read. Thor furrowed his eyebrows in confusion “Me?”
“We all did.” eyes grimed, Thor cradled Loki’s neck gently, lovingly while his other hand on his brother’s shoulder willing his younger brother to understand. “Our father...”
Steve shoved his uneasy thoughts aside. As Loki stared out the window intently, the blond discerned the nervous villain who had been calm and quiet before the thunder. It was as if the thunder agitated him. "What's wrong? Scared of a little lightning" he netted.
He also admired and complimented Thor on that arm touching scene based on the behind the scene shots. As of today, men generally don't compliment other men's physical prowess or they'll be thought of as gay. Tony probably still has that hang-up.
This was his father’s greatest creation, the perfect soldier his father praised to heaven and back? To think Howard abandoned his own soul-mate; treated his family worse than dirt for this!
Thor looked like he had been a punch in the gut. Loki turned, strode a few feet away from Thor, holding his aching back. “He did tell you of my true parentage, did he not?" Loki asked, raising his eyebrows at the thunder god.
Goddamn it, she refused to die like this, sweating and bleeding and screaming while her husband drank martini.  She opened her eyes to reveal an instinctual determination. She tilted her head for a moment as if gathering all her strength. It’s clear by the way the every muscle in her body tensed that she’s pushing and she didn’t let up for a long while.
After the surgery she felt like she had all the symptoms of period: PMS, bloating, moodiness, body temperature changed. Eventually her hormones found their balance, but it took months.
He fell hard to the mattress beside her, eyes closed against the still spinning room. He opened his eyes after a few seconds to look at her.
His enhanced senses caught the sound of a press of a button. Armed guards, wearing uniforms he didn’t recognize walk into the room and Steve quickly went on guard. He shoved past the nurse, fought the guards, and punched a hole into the wall before escaping through it.
Soul-bonding was a romanticized notion. The Alexandrine Institute for the Study and Tracking of Soulmates had this to say on the subject of soulmates-
What he found out gave Steve hope that perhaps Anthony Stark wasn’t nearly as bad as people said. After all, Howard seemed uncaring to many but blamed himself every time his creation fail to save soldiers’ life.
“It was a present from Stark. He said it was 10 times better than your old ones. He also wanted me to tell you, you were welcome to move to Avengers Tower if you want it. He had personalized the tower’s top 4 floors for all of us.” Clint said with a smile. He and Natasha shared a floor being mate and all.
"Oh, you should thank me. With the Bifrost gone, how much energy did the All-father had to muster for the Bifrost to conjure you here, your precious Earth?” Loki asked, stalling and changing the subject.
Pepper and Rhodey are positive alphas in Tony lives. But Pepper is female. Female Alphas usually calmer and more restrains.
His dream was veiled by chiaroscuro cloud as though he could never see what was going on. But he felt a presence, the PULL was stronger than ever, and he could feel in his soul. This was The One whom he had spent all his lifetimes with, who had loved him more than anything and whom he loved back just as much, The One who knew him more than he knew himself, The One whom he would chase through 10,000 worlds to be with.
“Wait. What are you doing?!” Steve called to him in alarmed. Tony ignored him and headed towards the opening hatch. Steve quickly followed him.
Grasping Anthony’s finger lightly, Steven brought it to his mouth and brushed a kiss over his knuckles. The dark-haired beauty didn’t react but Steven could felt his pulse quicken. For a lingering moment, the Alpha held his fingers in his warm, cupped palm before released his hands. “A pleasure to meet you, Anthony.” Steven smiled brightly.
But I see him as liking beta in general because well, Jarvis and Happy is a beta and unlike other Omega, Bruce won’t see Tony as competition nor will he try to dominate him like some Alpha does in Tony’s past. So Tony has a liking for Beta and Bruce being mid-level Beta like Jarvis and an awesome scientist to boot make him like him instantly much to Steve displeasure
Bogart: A reference to Harry Potter meaning a creature who can turn into what you are most afraid of, Steve is Tony’s Bogart since he belief this bond will only bring him pain and more pain.
Maria had severe bleeding after childbirth and was given a hysterectomy to save her life. All she could focus was that she could never give birth again. She had failed Howard. How unlucky was Maria to be among 0.05-0.1% of woman to fell victim.
Tony stood there, not saying a word or acknowledged it when he sensed his bonded enter the room. They were pulled towards each other like horrible magnets but it was weird how he felt comforted just by Roger’s presence. He almost welcomed it at this moment.
He felt proud at the note of surprise in Coulson’s gaze at how good Tony was at acting. Fake it till you make it, was one of his mottoes. Though this wasn’t entirely an act as he could tell how much Coulson wanted to visit his cellist ‘friend’.
The rotors were spinning too fast and he wouldn’t be able to escape the engine blades if this continued. “Cap, need a lever!” Tony shouted through the HUD.
Tony could hear his mom sobbing uncontrollably while nursing her cheek. Usually Tony was smart enough to not get near them when his parents were fighting, drunk or both but this was the first time he saw his mother cried and it broke his heart.
“Big man in a suit of armor – Take that away and what are you?” Rogers spat, mouth twisted like a cork out of a bottle.
It rubbed Tony the wrong way that Rogers found about Phase 2 first. Another reminder, of how he had failed to measure up to Captain America. He silenced the part of him that was secretly happy that Rogers proved he was not merely a mindless outdated relic of a soldier. Tony put on his mask and acted like it was no big deal.
This wasn’t the world he left behind. It was so strange and new, and wrong. It was like being thrust into Howard’s vision of the future…
Fallen back to his anger to make him strong, Tony’s eyes blinked with loathsome rapidity. “STOP IT, ROGERS.” he made the words like a hand held upright, commanded him to a halt. “I am not yours and never will be. Get your head out of your ass.” Steve never in a million years thought he would hear any of those words from his soulmate in such a dark tone as they did. Tony's face was stone cold showing no emotion.
"Oh. I'm starting to want you to make me." the Omega’s voice as hard as diamond and stared at the Alpha challengingly.
Tony, who found it disconcerting, wanted to snap at him to stop staring ‘Just takes a picture, it will last longer!’
Anthony could feel Steven’s eyes ghosted over the muscle of his stomach and his defined pectorals before fixated on the dark coarse hair led to his sex. He tried his best to stay still but his body buzzed with energy, and occasional twitch sent through his arms or drove up to his chin.
In 1950, the new law and Omega right are against it stated that “People deserves freedom to choose!”
Sure, Tony wasn’t a super-soldier. He wasn’t an assassin or spy. He wasn’t a God-like Alien or a scientist transformed by serum. And he wasn’t an alpha/beta like the rest of the team excluding Natalie/Natasha. He had no formal combat, evasion; concealment training and he had never fought in a war.
Iron Man yanked Thor right up. The blond hit Tony in his face, trying to knock off the iron man’s mask.
His stomach tightened beneath his shirt and he quickly read the file. Tony’s file was over five inches thick file and SHIELD even gave him a video reel.
"So why didn't S.H.I.E.L.D bring him in on the tesseract project? What are they doing in the energy business in the first place" He asked with a raised of his eyebrows.
The god-like alien glared daggers at him “Do not touch me again!” he thundered in a menacing alpha tone. Such command from such high level and god-like alpha would have work on any other Omega but not Tony, he was a total Dom.
The surrounding aliens collapsed without a sound, the life in their eyes flickered and faded. The deed was done.
"We're not done yet." Thor interjected grimly, gaze turning back toward the half-destroyed top of the tower where Loki was. This was of grave importance, it wasn't time to rest yet.
Tony already admired Banner’s work, and he liked the man the instant he had a sniff of the beta’s clean smell. Bruce’s smell of citrus and green leaves, warm spice, a base note of cedar and sycamore. Mid-level Beta like Jarvis, usually the safest and surest of any pack.
Most families had an Alpha as a first-born or only child especially if one or both of the parent was Alpha. It was usually unthinkable/very unlikely for a high-level Alpha to not have an Alpha as first born/only child.
Reminding himself that he had witnessed first-hand how the propaganda machine worked, Steve knew he had to hunt down more evidence before he passed judgment. There had to be something that could disprove this!
He had trusted no one to share his thought with after Obie yet Steve had felt his feeling just by a single kiss! It felt too much like a violation of privacy! He felt so raw, so exposed, like a stripped wire!
“Look, Rogers.” Tony said strongly, “I already have someone special. And believe it or not, I am monogamous when it comes to a relationship.”
“Do it!” Cap replied instantly, tired from fighting for so many hours. Tony could hear the relief in his voice.
Steve stepped back a few steps before vaulted a barrier into the place where the control panel was. He snapped the front of the control panel and looked at all the wires and switches in bewilderment. 'Was this happening?' He groaned to himself.
A very tall, gorgeous, burly, naked man that…‘Steve,’ a voice inside of him supplied. Oh God! NO. Not again!
Suddenly Steve wasn’t looking at the laughing playboy anymore. Tony’s eyes became cold, powerful and dangerous, pinned him with such focus that all other external distractions were no more than white noise-IRON MAN. And wasn’t it fucks up that having that sharp, bright white, fearsome intelligence focussed on him with lethal intent sent a thrill up Steve’s spine.
What made him jealous was how friendly Tony was with Bruce and Thor especially Bruce. They got on like house on fire. It drove Steve insane. He got hot ashes jealousy. He was never this jealous not even when he was with Howard. Tony even called he and Brucethe Science Bros. He treated them like they were his pack and not just a necessary evil that he tolerated. He even nicknamed Bruce Brucie-bear and Thor point break.
“Shut up!” Howard growled. “I could do whatever the hell I like! Don’t forget who paid for everything around here!”
After he defeated Vanko and his drones, he had ordered Jarvis to locate and hack into Shield and Fury’s personal computer and got rid of every trace.
“You think it is that easy.” Anthony’s tone mocking. “That I will just give myself to you.” Sure his Twin-flame acted as he differed from other Alphas but Anthony wasn’t born yesterday, he would test him first. “Tell you what. Give yourself to me first. And I will consider it.” To emphasize what he meant he rubbed his hardness on Steven’s thigh.
Loki looked so shocked to be told that. He just bared his reasons why he was hurt to the oaf and the best Thor could give him back was "imagined slights"?!
Bruce nodded. "It's powered by an Arc Reactor. Self-sustaining energy source. That building will run itself for... what? A year?" Bruce asked, looked at Tony. Tony confirmed.
"I've come here to put an end to Loki's schemes!" the Asgardian cut him off abruptly, still outraged by their interference.
"Coulson! Initiate official lockdown in the detention section then get to the armory! Move out!" Fury ordered.
The three occupants of the plane quickly scanned the roof above them in alarm. Tony quickly retrieved his helmet before yanking it on and locking it in place.
Bruce looked over at him, swiping monitors on his screen. "Yeah, I'll read all about it." He said as he returned to his calculations.
Level or sexual caste doesn’t indicate who is strongest only level of pheromone induces and fertility though usually higher level and sexual caste usually gets higher position in the pack. But we all know Avengers are hardly normal pack and Steve and Tony are going to be co-leader while Steve is an alpha and Tony is an Omega.
JARVIS patched through a call informing Tony that Loki had been spotted in Struttberg, Germany and the sinister occurrences going on there.
He got what he wanted, Rogers’ true color, and it was so much easier to do what he needed to do now. The odd and tangled emotion he felt must be a relief. It couldn't be a disappointment.
“Wh-What the hell?!” Tony gasped for breath, the effort burned his throat. He blinked up, he was suddenly looking up at a smoke-filled blue sky and Thor, Hulk and Steve were looking down at him.
Tony sped quickly through the streets, between destroyed skyscrapers and over the heads of the other Avengers waited to see what might happen next. He increased the propelling jets in his chest, aimed the nuke up another part as he got closer and closer to the propelling jet of blue light of the tesseract. He skated up the side of Stark tower, flipped vertically as he led the nuke higher and higher into the clouds.
But before Bruce could say anything about Tony's question, Captain America's outrage yelled interrupted them.
Viciously jabbing the punching bag with a fierce expression, Steve’s enhanced hearing picked up the sound of footsteps coming towards the gym and wasn’t at all surprised by the commander’s appearance.
Great hero, yeah right, maybe in 1940! Back then there weren't any other superheroes so of course, he was a legend. He was simply born at the right time and place!
It was even worse for Beta/Omega couple like Bruce and Betty (though they can still get marry so not that bad). And even worse for Alpha/Alpha and Omega/Omega couple. Though at some country Alpha/alpha and Omega/Omega could marry just like gay couple nowadays.
“You gonna stop me?” Tony didn’t even think, just hissed like an angry cat. He didn’t need a stupid Alpha approval, not after Howard and not after Obie.
If it wasn’t his so-called past self in the painting, Tony would fall in love with it. He remembered his dream, Steven’s soft gaze when he gazed at him. The bond pulsed in his brain, memories came unbidden. Steven’s proud face when captured Anthony’s likeness so well. He… Anthony was beside himself with excitement when he was told the painting was finish. Steven had captured more than his likeness. He had captured his… Anthony’s love for him too.
A slap and pain blossomed on his cheek. Tears prickled his eyes and he tried to stop it from fall which would only make his dad angrier. Stark men were made of iron; his dad didn’t tolerate weakness… Then his dad threw his toy against the unforgiving wall and broke it. He couldn’t help it, tears fell to his chubby cheeks.
“What; that all you got? Weak, Rogers.” Tony smirked tauntingly even as the corner of his lip bleed. “Then again, you must be all rusty from being Capsicle!” Hit me again; show me your true color.
Loki took the bait and wandered over to him with a smug look on his face. He pressed the blunt end of his staff to the back of Steve’s head, pinning him back down to the ground.
Thor’s hammer soared into his grab. Loki watching them fought each other with a big grin on his face. Thor sensed his brother’s eyes on him and their eyes met. Impatient ran through the Thunderer, he was going to end this fight as soon as possible!
