Castiel stood and Dean watched as he walked towards the water, "Whatcha doing there?" He asked and Castiel turned to look at him, jerking his head as indication for Dean to come and stand with him so Dean got up and joined him though confused as to why.
Dean laughed at that "Okay- okay," He pulled Cas in by his expensive suit lapels and spun him around the rid him of the jacket, doing the same for himself "Don't worry, just getting us comfortable." He said grabbing a knife and a chopping board, he put the knife in Cas' hand and stood behind him, "I'll show you."
"Well I'm sorry we all can't dress like children" Castiel retorted taking a dig at his brother, Gabriel snorted "We never
"Maybe a little but..not entirely, I've been so hung up on that night..what
Castiel left the office an hour early so he could prepare for his date with Dean, when he arrived he only had forty five minutes before he was supposed to meet Dean at the restaurant.
"I'm not reading your mind Dean, I would never do that without your consent" Cas promised and Dean believed him "I'm sorry..I just, I care about what other people think"
"Just dinner?- god Castiel what would you do with out me?"
The jacket was a little big, he didn't have much muscle like Dean had, he felt a little ridiculous as the arms almost passed his finger tips but ignored the feeling because of how fucking warm he  felt. "Almost there c'mon." Dean said taking Castiel's hands as they walked through the woods, not stopping until they were at a clearing.
Cas reaches over for a shirt to clean Dean up, "So good or bad?" Dean winced slightly as the shirt ran over his cock though he still managed to give a nod "Good, definitely good" Castiel smiled, "I thought so as well" He discarded the condom and Dean layed back on the sheets, grinning "Well if you liked it that much you should see how I ride dick"
"But-..I.." He groaned at Castiel's glare and pouted exchanging the beer for juice, "Fine." He grumbled, uncapping the juice and taking along drink "You're too much of a good influence on me."
tutor
"Yes?"
Sam had never been so Gabriel went a little bit overboard in helping his boyfriend express his pansexuality but Sam made him settle with some light gray pants and a white shirt with the pan flag, telling Gabriel he'd pick up some more accessories when they got there.
"Ssh baby, I know- I'm gonna make you feel so good" Dean promised in quiet whispers, as he kissed the back of Cas' neck
"No I'm not, you
it was was, it was extremely overwhelming just loving someone the way he loved Castiel.
Cas' eyes were open and when Dean pulled back he looked into his green eyes "I know I'm not very good at understanding your references but you were talking about me right?" He whispered and Dean nodded with a laugh "Yeah Cas I was talking about you"
"I doubt it." Castiel smiled at him and Dean grimaced slightly taken back, he didn't like the look in Castiel's eyes "What?"
"I mean he's not here anymore" Sam said; he didn't understand why Dean would leave they all accepted him last night except for "Dad" Sam said coldly
Lucifer smiled, wide and evil "Good." He was led to the vehicle by bodyguards and entered the SUV with a huff, straightening out his suit, as Gordon got into the drivers seat. "Where to Mr Novak?"
It was so surreal that Cas thought it
Dean raised a brow "Do you trust me?" Cas was hesitant but nodded "Yes, I do."
Dean gave his head a long shake, acting swallowing his food "I'm telling you Sammy the guy was perfect except for that one flaw." He sighed, "I knew it was to good to be true." He groaned "I just can't believe he wasn't okay with the fact that I'm bisexual."
"..Why?- you gonna make fun of me?"
Sam begged,
"Really Sammy?"
Gabriel nodded, "Okay."
"I'll see you around."
Followed by drunk teens shoving the two friends into the closet, locking it shut and chanting the word 'kiss' repeatedly
"I would of risked it, all the fame, all of it- 'cause he was the one person I truly loved more than myself." Castiel blinked, taken back by Dean's genuine honesty "I've never felt that way about anyone before" He admitted sadly, "I was always busy with work."
"Hey Cas?"
"Dude he's dying" Sam exclaimed, "I can see that Sam!" Dean yelled back
Dean scoffed a laugh, hating how the tears were starting to spill as he paced, violently wiping at his face, "Yeah, intense that's one way to put it." He sniffed, "Dean you're crying."
"Cas- Dean is your ride"
"Well you've never told us why."
Gabriel pouted slightly in his rainbow shirt but let it slide, Charlie and Anna were also going so they all slept over at Dean's the night before so that they could all drive together. For Sam the excitement was coursing through him, he obviously didn't leave Kansas when Dean did and there wasn't a lot of support there but after finding out Dean was bi and dating Gabriel he found it easier to express himself over time.
Sam shrugged "You're still jerk either way dude" Dean smiled, suddenly Mary's phone started to ring and she stood up to answer it leaving the room
Hannah nodded kindly and stepped ou, leaving the two alone, Castiel sighed "What do you want Gabriel?"
Dean shrugged off handedly, sitting down on Castiel's desk chair, picking up the small stuffed bear that held a heart in it's hands, he'd given it to Castiel for Valentines day only a few months ago "It's romantic." Castiel's eyes darted to his bedroom door, his parents were probably sleeping now anyways and his siblings knew of their relationship and wouldn't tell if Castiel wasn't in bed.. "Alright but no alcohol I'm not sure whether my parents own a breathalyser or not."
They broke apart for air but still held each other close even getting in a few more kisses "C-..
"Cas?" Sam said from behind Gabriel, letting himself into the room, "Leave me alone guys" Cas sighed "I'm trying to dissappear"
Castiel blinked, taken back, he didn't expect that from Dean- he was slowly realising that you can't know everything about a person from a quick background check, he made a mental note to keep that in mind, he smiled shyly "Thank you, Dean" He found himself blushing at the nickname. Dean grinned back "Anytime" He looked over the menu and Castiel watched his face screw up in confusion and sadness, "What's the matter?"
"What?"
"Fuck can I?" He registered Castiel's nod and took hold of himself trying to match the jerks to Castiel's thrusts and they began a rhythm. Dean was so overstimulated he didn't know what to focus on, the hand that was jerking him or the man that was giving him the fuck of his life, everything was quickly becoming too much and then he felt this heat in his stomach, and he instantly knew that it was his bodies why of warning him that he was about to come.
"Okay- okay, you really should stopped at 'perfect'"
"Dean Winchester you are stalling, if you don't get your sexy ass out of here right now and take Cas on the best date of his life I will forcibly remove you."
"I said shut up Sam- you don't know what the hell you're talking about" He sighed heavily "I know what your trying to do Sam but you don't get it Cas is my bestfriend- I tell him I have these feelings..the ones I've lied to him about for years- he won't want anything to do with me"
"I was never mad, Dean..I mean..you could've skaken me awake?"
Gabriel's eyes bugged, to him Castiel is and was
Gabriel turned his head enough so he could look at Dean who was putting on his shoes "Wait- don't you have a date or whatever?"
"Screw you."
"I do have one question though"
"Oh!- sorry I didn't realise." She blinked once "Alright what did you guys want?"
way- and just then Sam and Castiel stepped through the sliding glass door laughing about something they'd been talking about when Castiel brought his head up and their eyes met.
The door slammed and Cas entered, bags in hand- Sam looked up as well as Dean but only for a moment not wanting to stare or make eye contact with the angel
"Sure" Castiel rolled off the bed, "I have to take a shower now unless you would like to join me in that as well?"
"I'm really sorry-but me and my brother are huge fans- can I have a picture?" The barista asked with a big smile, rushing out her words as her face turned beet red
Castiel tilted his head to the side in question, and Dean had to ignore how cute he looked "Why are you so nervous Dean?" He asked, smiling just a little, "You've never done this before?" He teased.
"Cas..do you want this?" Dean asked as he just finished unbuttoning Cas' dress shirt and pushed it down with Cas' dark suit jacket
Dean rolled his eyes at the two and turned his gaze to his dad "Can we talk?"
Jo shook her head at him "Later loser." She said shoving past them, "Be careful!"
Cas moaned into the pillow, fisting his knuckles into the sheets, he was still tired as hell but he couldn't ignore Dean's excessive pounding into his ass
"What do you even need that car for?-you're seventeen."
"You're lucky, I'm an only child- though I do have many cousins who are like siblings to me, though they can be..
"Yeah because you didn't have anyone else."
"Dean."
But he did have a pretty lengthy relationship with someone who wasn't in the spotlight, from what Sam had told him that break up was the one that turned Dean off to relationships, forcing him to focus more on his work only having quick flings every now and again
Dean was still hesitant, "Cas..you really hurt me-"
"Just smack me upside the head if I ever say something stupid like that about me and Gabriel again okay?"
and then out of nowhere Castiel was sinking to his knees making quick work of getting Dean's pants down and around his ankles before the boxers followed and Cas was swallowing Dean down to the hilt in one motion. "Fuck!" Castiel was moving at a crazy speed and Dean was really trying to keep up with him. The guy who he had met less than five hours ago- was sucking his dick like his life depended on it and Dean could not get enough.
Dean had stopped swimming sometime around sophomore year of college, he'd lost interest in the sport and instead focused his attention on his engineering degree and his love for fixing up cars.
up the call and stepping out of the room into the bathroom, taking a quick peak out the door to watch Castiel groan softly and shift rolling over into a different sleeping position before whispering "Hello?"
Sam smiled
Gabriel gasped slightly, "Oh he
Cas backed away from him "I'm didn't..I didn't mean that" He shook his head "I didn't mean that"
"I have a name y'know?"
(It was not crooked) Dean rolled his eyes and spun Sam around to look in the mirror, he gently placed his hands on Sam's bowtie and 'straightened' it out "There." He smiled, "It's perfect."
Don't get him wrong he loved his life sure, he was successful but there was something missing, a piece Dean couldn't quite yet find.
"Dean I've never done this before, I don't have expectations- I'm sure that no matter what happens tonight will be special." He paused "..you know that I trust you."
"Anything."
"I don't like
Dean clenched his jaw tight "No I didn't"
"I'll yell at you however I like!- Dean is gone and it's your fault you made him leave because you couldn't just accept him- you're already a shitty father but this?- making your own son run away?- I hate you"
Gabriel felt tears sting his eyes and he blinked them away, "I never told you but ever since I knew what sex was I always wanted my first time to be with someone I loved..I wanted it to be special and..romantic." Gabriel saw his cheeks turn pink "And it was..because you made it everything I ever wanted."
"A man-whore?"
Dean grinned, "I am so happy you are marrying my not so chill brother." Gabriel waved him off, "It's my pleasure." They shared a light fistbump before Dean announced he was going to take a shower and 'clean up' before Gabriel's brother arrived.
"I kinda just thought I could run away- I mean you can't ship no one off to a straight camp?"
"Mom!" He yelled, he had checked the house up and down Dean was gone- "What- what honey?" Mary asked running over to Sam "Dean is gone" Sam managed
But as they got older Dean branched out more, playing soccer and having short lived flings with cheerleaders, he found new friends- friends Cas hated by the way, something he made sure to bring up to Dean whenever he could
John's face was still "No you're not" He said simply "If this is some sort of joke it's not funny" Mary turned to John "John- it's not a joke- this obviously means a lot to Dean, telling us must've been a big step"
"Not gay-"
Dean actually smiled at that and nodded "I wouldn't have it any other way Bradbury." He said sincerely and they shared a smile "And as for you two- oh..they're kissing again."
"Yes please."
"Me neither."
Dean moved his other hand to his stomach with the intention of wrapping in around his cock but paused to ask
Still Dean managed to go to sleep that night and he actually woke up early showering and everything, he was eager to get started on the day and enjoy it especially since on the following one his parents would be arriving and he was definitely dreading it.
Castiel hesitated, looking Dean in the eyes "..are you going to walk away after?"
Castiel recoiled slightly, looking almost offended by the question "..Are you serious?"
Castiel frowned looking to his work, why was Dean asking him to go swimming? "But- we have to work on the assignment-" Dean scoffed, pushing himself up to stand "God you're such a nerd c'mon, it'll be fun- we can finish later we're pretty much done anyway."
Cas nodded "Of course I am- so what's the plan?' Dean shrugged "You don't have a plan?"
That's what got Cas to stay alive, but even after Sam and Jack were able to save him Dean refused to leave his side
"Dean." Castiel was definitely staring, Dean was wearing very fitting dark blue jeans and a black shirt that said in the colors of the flag
Cas was still passed out and more importantly
"As do I"
He held Castiel down the ladder after going himself "Castiel Novak you wound me." Castiel shook his head his nose crinkling as he grimaced "I don't like it when you call me Castiel."
Dean handed Cas a beer as he sat down on the couch "So I came out to my brother a few days ago"
Dean drove them to a diner, one he frequented, it was a 24/7 place and has the best milkshakes around reminding him of the ones he'd get at his aunt Ellen's Roadhouse back home. He'd taken Sammy there his first day of being in California to get him introduced to the area, and just like Dean it reminded Sam of home.
"You have friends-"
"Dean just be you alright?- Cas doesn't want whatever stupid pick up line you're thinking of.
Cas nodded "Yes..that would be nice" Dean smiled "Great, tomorrow night?"
mom or dad would care if you were gay?"
Dean was speed walking so fast Sam had to jog to keep up with him in the hall, "Dean!-Dean wait!"
Dean hummed in response, "You’re going the speed limit" Cas informed him, knowing his friend usually ignored road rules, "Yeah? So?"
"I've met him a few times, Sammy, talks my ear off about Gabriel- how great he is and whatever" He chuckled "The kid has a girlfriend and he doesn't talk nearly as much about her as he does Gabriel."
Dean sighed, oiling up the pan "Yeah well Sammy's been trying to get me to go out for almost two years- ever since my last relationship ended." He tried not to look too sad "I didn't get out of bed for days."
"Wow, you guys sure don't waste anytime."
eight and a half inch -he was guessing- cock that was standing at attention, staring right back at Dean, he was excited but visibly scared, he didn't want it to hurt more than he was used to, but Cas just kissed him softly as the man was well aware that the size of his..nether regions could scare his lovers, "As much as I want to fuck you into the mattress I'll be gentle with you, promise" Dean nodded and they moved further up the bed, Dean layed on his back as Cas got the condoms, -XXL probably- Dean remarked to himself and the lube, Dean spread his legs invitingly and Castiel smiles inwardly taking the small action as a sign of trust.
But nevertheless their bond never broke
"Not exactly, thought of love and sex doesn't throw me off or disgust me I just want to take my time in finding the right person- no matter their gender" Cas stood, straightening out his sweater vest "Let's get this over with then"
Cas' body was pliant under him so Dean easily picked his ass up by his waist and started to thrust
Dean pulled away and Castiel couldn't help but keep his eyes closed, trying desperately to savor the taste of Dean "I hope that helps." He whispered, only for Castiel ears and dropped his hands, walking back inside to apologise to Sam and Gabriel and hoping Castiel didn't see is fingers touch his lips in want.
have happened that dating other people, being with someone it's hard for me, in fact ever since I got here whenever I've been around you I've felt..
pissed at Dean for leaving him in bed alone and stealing his shirt- granted Castiel did use his as a napkin so he couldn't really be too mad about that.
He felt..weird and extremely embarrassed but he would only let himself freak out when he was in the safety of his home. They shared a rather awkward goodbye and the next day they finished up the project in the school library, only talking when necessary.
The door opened and there stood Gabriel's brother, a very confused looking 6'1 dark haired man wearing a white dress shirt under a long blue sweater paired with some casual jeans, one suitcase by his side, "Gabriel."
"I'm not going to"
"Only because you were being so incredibly stubborn"
They'd only known each other for barley two days but the l word was already showing up in Castiel's brain. He loved the determination and hunger in Dean's eyes, especially when they touched, the last time they'd had sex Dean was like a blushing virgin because Castiel was the impatient one but oh have the tables had turned.
"Okay, I believe you Cassie."
Jack nodded leaving them, "What did you want to talk about?"
The press even tried to ask his ex girlfriends if they 'knew he was gay' and if it was why they broke up- but it failed horribly because all of the people he dated knew he swung both ways and happily dated him anyways, it was something he was always honest about
"One of my many nicknames for him, but he likes Cas, or Castiel."
"Fuck-fuck-fuck!"
"Its been eight years Sam figure out your damn sexuality and leave me the hell out of it"
He was devastated at how the date went but didn't show it, instead he drank until he was numb and slept.
, the entire time he was having sex with Jess he was thinking of Gabriel- his bestfriend, the guy he lost his virginity to.
"Why don't we ditch this place?"
"Dean it's not right- I just want to help you-"
A miracle
Dean's lips fell into a thin line "You know what happened the last time I tried dating"
"You mean-"
Charlie rasied a hand "Can I just say congratulations?- because at least some of us are getting laid."
was messed up," Gabriel's jaw clenched but he said nothing, "2005 I was thirteen and I was what people liked to call a
"Can..can I ask you a question that you definitely don't have to answer?"
"Why not?"
"Can I kiss you?"
before going back to his ways..all I got is you and Sammy so please just listen to me when I tell you that my father hitting me is not your fault."
"I really hurt him Dean and I don't know where to even start on fixing it."
Dean chuckled "Remember that time I tried to get you laid?" He said changing subject Cas nodded "I thought it was my last day on earth" He sighed "Y'know...I thought..- I
Cas dug a hand in his hair "Sorry Gabriel I guess I've just been a little distracted lately..my heads been all over the place."
"Oh, Sam's older brother Dean, you'll meet him soon enough though, you might like him, he's a lot like me and we get along great which matters more than getting along with Sam parents."
Cas blinked dumbly "Yes?"
When they were twenty four Sam started going out with a girl at his firm Jessica Moore, now Gabriel had nothing against Jess but he couldn't help the slight jealously
"I..I'm bisexual-.." He waited for Sam to speak but there was no answer, "C'mon Sammy say something- do you hate me?- are okay with me?..say something..anything"
But..maybe Dean had a good reason for leaving?
Dean flushed "Um.."
Dean woke up first, clad in only his briefs his arm was wrapped around Castiel's middle as they cuddled, having fallen asleep like that, after they'd..oh right they had sex. He smiled into Castiel's shoulder and let his eyes close with a soft sigh, his nose nuzzling against Castiel's messy hair.
"Just one here and there, I picked it up sometime in college." He shrugged, taking another puff, Dean couldn't help but wonder if it had something to do with the night they- "You want one?"
"I just I don't want to rush you."
Cas scoffed "You are so infuriating Dean Winchester" Dean heard him walking closer "You flirt and you lead people on but when it gets too intense or too much you run- try to forget it ever happened" He said "I may have kissed you, but you definitely kissed me back"
that had just happened, his hands fisted in his hair and he fell back on the cushions "Fuck."
"I knew there was a reason I chose you as my best man."
Dean raised a brow "One of them doesn't happen to be named Gabriel does he?" Castiel frowned "Actually, yeah- how did you know?"
"He makes me feel..incredible."
Sam nodded and he turned back around to face his brother "Thanks Dean." Dean shook his head, "It's nothing." He looked Sam up and down in his black suit, he felt teary eyed and he had blink to keep them away, "I'm so fucking proud of you Sammy- I know it doesn't mean much coming from me but I am."
Cas grunted "Will you guys stop fighting?" He asked from the bed, Dean's head whipped over to him and he went to kneel at Cas' bedside "Cas buddy- just hold on okay..you're gonna be fine"
Dean nodded and they broke away from each other "Yeah-no problem- I mean I've never done
At the rehearsal dinner Dean made sure not to avoid Castiel and instead he flirted as much as he could without making it too obvious that he'd liked Castiel more than he lead on earlier. The man had laughed and smiled at all of Dean's undetected advances and they'd spent the time talking as well as joking around.
..sensitive"
"For three years?"
Dean scoffed out a hoarse laugh "Cas, now isn't the time" Cas blinked slowly, and his head fell to the side as he was losing consciousness
"Why?"
Sam sighed
"Cas- fuck me already."
Gabriel was gaping, completely shocked, buzzing with excitement, "Cassie!" Gabriel hugged him and this time Castiel hugged back, smiling into his brother's shoulder, "This is gonna be awesome!"
"Yeah- how did you know that?"
"Fuck this good."
Oh right his little brother was getting married, to Gabriel Novak they'd been inseparable since freshman year of highschool, now both twenty six they were about to start their lives together as a married couple. And Dean would never actually say this aloud but he was proud of his little brother, becoming the youngest junior partner in Manhattan and about to marry one of New York's finest chefs, Dean was happy for Sam.
Dean recoiled "So what?- because they're cheerleaders and footballers they're not good enough for Castiel?"
" Cas frowned at the word, "I just..I don't really see people like that.."
"..I understand, a friend of mine schooled me after it happened and I was just skeptical, I did think that I was maybe just an experiment to you and the thought of cheating did come to mind but I get that bisexuals aren't like that and it was extremely rude of me to think you were." He took a breath "I want to try again if you do as well, no judgement."
..that I
"Damn right you didn't, and what about when you told Lucifer off for taking cheap shots at Gabriel all night when we first met him?"
Castiel shifted "Because you two are fucking" Gabriel dug himself deeper into Castiel's closet "No we're not"
Dean shrugged his brows at the comment, "What about you?"
Dean smiled "I love that kid." He finally let the two of them into the diner and Cas cleared his throat "Um Dean?- what are we doing here?- and who was that?"
Sam nodded, whatever she needed he would give, it was literally the least he could do "I think I'm gonna stay with Dean for a few days, give you some time to pack."
Dean reached into his pocket to bring out his wallet dropping a five hundred dollar tip for their waiter and he took Castiel's hand stood pulling Castiel up with him and out of the restaurant, "Uh- where exactly are we-" Dean shushed him as he hailed a taxi, whistling expertly "I thought you trusted me?" Castiel shrugged "Well I may have been a bit hasty-"
"What if I break his heart or he breaks mine- that's too complicated Gabe-"
Dean didn't move, only swallowed, still plumping his fingers though very lazily.   He pulled himself away when Castuel was finished and he smiled at his boyfriend "What?" Castiel asked still a little breathless.
"If you've been into guys this whole time-then what the fuck is wrong with me?- am I defective or something?" Dean frowned even more "Because I have had a crush on you since third grade- but I never said anything 'cause you were straighter than an steel pole and now all of a sudden you've been being into to dudes?"
"Cassie, I haven't seen you in so long I need this alright?"
"That's not true..well not completely anyways"
Dean replayed Gabriel's words in his head as he tried to sleep that night, his future brother in law was right. Relationships aren't perfect, you can never grantee that they'll go the way you want them to and that's okay, at least you tried.
Dean turned to Castiel "Uh..you wanna dance?" Castiel smiled appreciatively with a nod "Sure."
at times."
"You were smiling, what were you dreaming about?"
He wrapped an arm around her waist and smiled, surprising her by kissing her on the cheek as the picture was took "Thanks for the coffee" He said adding a wink
"What do you mean?"
He chose to wait and even if friends at school thought it was weird actually wanting to wait Castiel ignored them not allowing himself to be made into feeling like his choice was strange- just because most teens at their school lost it at fifteeen didn't mean he had to as well.
"My sister has standards."
Castiel knew it was probably silly but he was excited to be getting into a cab again and Dean could tell which made him smile and giggle, and just like last time they held hands the entire ride to Castiel's place, "Wow." Dean marvelled the lobby of the building was fancy as hell, Castiel flushed as they got into the elevator up the the highest floor where Castiel stayed
Dean's eyes bugged slightly; that guy was in papers almost every week "The billionaire CEO?-you're friends with him?"
"Can I come in?"
"You wanna go for a swim?"
button..we can work our way up from friends and see if it goes anywhere."
Castiel smiled, hanging up his coat "Thank you"
happen." Gabriel sighed, "Just give it a chance Cassie, please?- for me?"
Castiel shook his head stubbornly, "It's been a long time Gabriel things have changed we're not in highschool anymore."
to be a dream, "Cas baby..I'm close"
Dean pressed his finger inside, until it was all the way and then he added a second making sure that one had enough lube as well, he thrusted the two fingers in and out of Castiel, bending down to take Castiel back in his mouth as he did so.
Dean sighed "It's not that easy..we broke up because we never had time for each other- I'm even more busy then I was before and this guy-"
"Right..and it's only.." He grabbed his phone, "Twelve."
Castiel bucked his hips up accidentally, he wasn't at all used to the feeling and he was trying to keep his heartbeat steady. Dean worked his fingers expertly  moving in time with the bobs of his  head, Castiel panted, "Dean- Dean-Dean." He repeated in a whisper, it was a warning-he was too close already and he was going too climax before Dean had even got his boxers off.
Castiel rolled his eyes, "Do you know when mom and dad are getting in?" Gabriel gave a nod "Just the day after Sam's parents, they're lovely by the way so no worries, not to mention the other siblings will be here too."
"You're cold"
Castiel shivered just a little as the cold air finally hit him, and he cursed at himself for not wearing a thicker sweater, "You're cold." Dean observed, watching Castiel shiver "Just a little it's okay."
Castiel tried not to show it but he was more shocked than he sounded, even a little disappointed "Oh you're bisexual?"
Back up.
Suddenly they moved quicker and Cas grinded up against Dean's stomach panting heavily until Dean felt more wetness on his stomach and Cas' wings disappeared as the angel rolled beside him
Dean checked his phone once more and smiled he was right on time. Checking his hair in the rear view mirror for the fifth time he finally got out of his Impala and headed up to the theatre, where Castiel stood waiting.
"Okay- okay okay" Gabriel surrendered "Sam told me you finally agreed to that date with his brother"
"You called me bitch, I had to come- besides I wasn't even sure if he'd want me to be there anyway." Dean said, "Weirdly enough I'd only spent a few hours with the guy and I..I
Maybe Sam was right, maybe he was ready, he just didn't know it and
Castiel chuckled, looking sheepish "Yes..I believe we did skip that part." He turned his head, "Hello Dean."
Dean nodded, "Yeah I know..it's just a matter of time." He said for once actually believing the words "Gabriel told me about you and Cas and I just want you to know I'm not gonna freak out or anything, if you really like him go for it."
Dean sighed "I'm sorry"
"Was it good?"
"No I think he wants to apologise?- I gave him my number so we're probably gonna talk after this."
on it on a date- I'm the luckiest guy in the world" He said dramatically as he fell into Castiel's lap
"Oh they've always been supportive especially when I moved them out to California and bought them a house."
Then one recent night him and Sam were just hanging out like usual, Sam had just come back from a hard day at work and was not in the mood for Jess' usual crap and all he wanted was to be with Gabriel
- it took a couple beers and a cute guy for me to finally admit that I might be a little gay"
Dean chuckled sheepishly, he really was 'head over heels' "Sorry, I got carried away, I just really hope he calls me back" He stood up with a sigh "Okay I've gotta gonna get out of this monkey suit and take a shower."
"It's fine she seems nice."
Dean tugged his boxers up over his ass and advanced towards the bed where he had previously picked out clothes waiting for him. He hummed along to a song he'd had stuck in his head, pulling up his black jeans, and putting on his fitted but worn light blue Henley, pushing the sleeves up just a bit.
"Yeah I am"
"Yeah?- and what's that?"
"What's up with him?"
He took a quick shower and smiled at Gabriel's text of 'Good luck!' Despite his brother's own trouble with a certain Winchester he was still happy to support Castiel going on a date with another. Castiel sighed, he had to try with Dean- if not for him then for Gabriel, if his brother didn't want he to be alone then he wasn't going to be. Reaching into his closet he retrieved the suit he had chosen the other day, doing a once over in the mirror he rolled his eyes at his hair, hating how no matter what he did it was stuck pointing up in every direction not to mention that it was half curled but he didn't even want to
His dad stood to look at him "You're not a fag Dean- I didn't raise you like one" Dean frowned "What?" He saw his brother shoot up out of the corner of his eyes "Dad"
Dean shrugged as he played with the beer bottle in his hand picking at he label "School is going pretty great- I got some awesome friends..and I recently figured out that I'm bisexual..."
"What did he say?"
to say about my boyfriend." He was just glad Castiel wasn't there, the way Dean seethed when his dad started going off, he probably would've killed the man if he said another word. "I gave him some money and told him to get the fuck out and never come back, hopefully he listens this time."
Dean smiled faintly at Sam's voice "Are you high on coffee?"
Sam scoffed "You can and I
Sometime after getting out of the car and up the elevator to the fourth floor they started to kiss again, and it got heavy quick. Castiel had his legs wrapped around Dean's waist as they made their way down the dimly lit hallway and to Castiel's apartment door, lips still attached.
"I come every year with some friends." Castiel told him and Dean nodded still grasping the pie stick in his hand, "Look Dean I didn't like how we ended things and I just want to talk- i know you don't owe me anything but maybe when we get back we could meet someplace?"
"It's okay really, I just.." He sighed "We were together for two years..two really great years- he knew me before all the fame and shit- he knew the real me."
"No you won't" Dean said from the door, "I'll take you home" Cas opened his mouth to protest but Dean cut him off "You don't get a say Cas" He pushed open the door "C'mon"
Cas shook his head "You shouldn't"
"Why did you string me along for an entire year?" Jess asked, genuinely confused and extremely hurt that this was coming -to her- out of nowhere, "I wanted to be straight Jess I wanted to be normal, I didn't even realise that it was wrong until Gabe gave me the wake up call I've been needing for over ten years."
"Yes- now can you please come home?"
With just an half an hour until the ceremony began Castiel and Dean where tending to their bestmen respectively. Sam was fairly good, though the nervousness was barley there anymore he was still jittery, but excited. "Sam your tie is fine!"
He leaned over careful not to push further inside Castiel and pressed their lips together, Castiel put his hand on the back of Dean's neck, he felt slight pressure follow as Dean was moving again but the kissing didn't stop. It was a good distraction "Feel okay?" Dean asked, running his fingers down Castiel's thigh "Yes."
Castiel- Dean's official sexual awakening, he liked girls- only been an a relationship with two of them- but guys seemed to open his eyes a little bit more
"And by that you mean?.."
"Something like that."
He helped himself to Dean's fridge and pulled out a six pack of beer, flopping down on the couch, uncapping a cold bottle and taking a swig. He'd kept his face blank and without emotion since the drive over but suddenly the dam broke and he was sobbing uncontrollably.
"Why was what they said so hurtful?" Gabriel asked softly, his curiosity getting the best of him, Dean sighed, "He was a soldier, I always knew that there was a chance he'd leave and never come back but he made me push those thoughts down and just enjoy our time together. I was twenty one when we'd met, I was younger and I fell fast and hard, and three years later my fears became reality."
Sam did call him about twenty times that week but everytime Gabriel ignored him, not in the mood for whatever Sam had to say
When Mary came back into the room Dean made up some excuse about having homework to do- he acted calm for the rest of the day but the second his parents fell asleep he had a bag packed and he was out his bedroom window
"Can I turn around now?"
Things between Dean and Castiel had been awkward to say the least, and when the bedroom doors closed the both fell against them sighing heavily, because yeah-
"You were so happy, and confident you didn't care who knew about you and I didn't like when you were with other people..
He walked over to the bathroom door "It's best to just pretend it never happened- so that's what I'm gonna do" He said "Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to take a shower and then keep on pretending"
He walked into his building wasting no time in getting up to his apartment on the fourth floor, pulling out his key and unlocking the door. "Sammy?" He said questioningly and heard a small sniffle from his couch and he peered around the corner finding his brother sat cross legged on the gray sofa with a box of tissues and Dean's six pack of beer.
Dean sighed, falling back into his corner "Fuck this is so awkward" He shook his head "I'm sorry my friends are dicks, but they seriously won't let us leave until we kiss"
Dean had huffed but complied even if his stomach hated him for it and he knew that it was cliché but the moment he got the chance he was extending his arm to wrap around Castiel's shoulder and to his delight Cas just smiled and leaned into it, head almost resting on Dean's shoulder.
"Maybe..I guess..it's really complicated Jess" She nodded, "I get it.." She frowned a little raising a brow "..Kind of." She joked, and Sam was in awe..even when he was breaking up with her she was trying to make him less uncomfortable. He offered a small smile "Where are you gonna go?"
"How?-you have the perfect straight life. I only fit in as your side piece." Gabriel stepped closer to him letting his arms unfold, "Your brother came out to the entire world and he's proud of himself for it- Castiel is proud of himself
He chewed thoughtfully on the candy, thinking back to how Castiel had thought he would have liked to be with Sam instead of 'bothering' him
Dean grimaced "A straight camp?- I'm not going to one of those- they're bullshit"
"..what do you want Sam?" He asked quietly, Sam blinked stupidly "Dude you kissed Cas!"
"Tonight at six, we're going out for dinner."
Dean laughed, "Saying it more than once doesn't make it so"
He ran into the kitchen where their father was and he went off "This is your fault!"
Sam took a deep breath and started, "I owe you a huge apology Gabriel..you're my bestfriend and I treated you horribly because
Dean shook his head "Cas, man- no, I invited you so that we could hangout- you've got to stop feeling sorry for yourself- you might be a hardcore introvert but you're also a really cool person under all those layers"
Dean flashed a triumphant smile and waited for Cas to come around before walking up with him "Y'know I really am sorry for how everything went down tonight" He said breaking the silence as they took the last step onto the porch
Castiel nodded in understanding, "It makes sense, you don't owe anybody an explanation, even your parents- people deal differently." Dean paused and looked at Castiel like he had two heads "How..how do you always know what to say?"
"I was thinking about pandas..-but wait why?"
"Oh definitely."
Gabriel had been trapped underneath Sam's bigger body while they made out passionately, his hand on the back of Sam's neck encouraging his kisses as his hands were working on Gabriel's pants. When Dean's voice sounded Sam immediately sat up while Gabriel panted, still laying on the couch.
When his food was done he plopped down on the couch, shoving the pizza into his mouth while Sam and Gabriel watched like it was a wild cat nature documentary. "Dean?" Sam didn't get a response. He paused the TV and looked to his brother once more "Dude, what the hell happened you look like someone crashed into baby."
"I'm not not excited it's just I don't have high hopes-I mean he's a hockey player-"
Dean could not believe the restaurant Sam had chosen for him and Castiel, it was fancy!- Dean wanted a burger not three
was not good for Lucifer.
Dean nodded, "Of course he did" Gabriel chuckled, "That's my Sammy" He said lovingly; Sam always had a slight need for perfection "Is it so wrong that I just want to make a good impression?- he's your bestman Gabe."
Dean grumbled his response, and his feet rawred as he made his way to the kitchen opening the fridge and grabbing the left over pizza Sam and Charlie had ordered last night putting the slices on a plate and warming them up but not before taking a cold bite.
Sam shrugged his arm that was around Gabriel's shoulders "No idea."
"Are you asking me out on a date?"
"I need some air" He made he's way to the window and lifted open the window, "Cas it's freezing out there-"
"Gabriel-"
"..What do you think?"
Dean was rooting through Castiel's drawers looking for something and both boys had looked up, with frowns on their faces, Castiel's parents glared at Dean but the boy layed it on thick, greeting them with all smiles and explaining that he'd left a school book over the last time he was around and Castiel let him in to find it.
It was a big apartment just for Castiel, even with stairs that led to another floor with an open railing, everything thing was white/gray/black not a hint of any color anywhere, the sofa and chairs were white, the TV stand was black and the walls ranged from different shades of gray. He had a feeling that Castiel didn't like much color.
"Gabriel did he-"
to accept the truth and instead chose to hurt people who I loved."
Castiel's breath caught in his throat and he gulped forcefully turning his head away and back to his own undressing, removing his pants and boxers pulling on the slightly big pair of swim trunks Dean gave him, at least he was lucky for the jawstring, quickly tying it up before he folded his clothes neatly and set them next to his backpack.
Dean and Castiel meet for the first time and have a pretty interesting date. And Sam accepts some truths about himself.
It didn't matter anyways Dean wasn't interested then and he isn't now, Castiel is a freakin adult he doesn't need to be acting like a teenager just days before his brother's wedding.
"Well then what happened?- with you and them I mean?" Cas asked but when Dean hesitated he decided to retreat "I'm sorry- it really is none of my business-"
Cas stood up "I'm pathetic" He sighed "-You're not pathetic Cas, Dean's an idiot for not realising what you two have is beyond friendship" Sam said
He took a deep breath and advanced towards the table, Castiel looked up and flashed a smile that had Dean's heart stopping "You must be Dean" He offered a hand and Dean shook it sitting down from across Castiel trying to ignore how he felt at hearing the man's voice for the first time because it was some Grade I love you yes please sorry can you kill it why are you gonna be like that A+ spank bank material, "And you must be Castiel" He replied, "I didn't realise that I was running late."
His brother had only been living with him for a few months and when he did Dean was sure he wouldn't have to worry about Sam having the rampant amount of sex most guys and girls his age did because Sam was more reserved but when he met Gabriel all of that flew out the window. Both freshmen at Stanford University they just clicked and began dating after just a few weeks.
"That's nice, my mom died when I was little and I'm pretty sure my dad was born without emotions" Castiel said sadly though he didn't show it "He only adopted five kids so that he could have heirs to the company- I don't even know why he gave it to me."
So happy he'd agreed to be Sam's bestman, and that's how he ended up at this beautiful house and it's even better pool, it was a summer vacation place Sam and Gabriel bought just lapst year and Dean was loving it "What about him?" Dean questioned, sitting up higher in the chair, "He's arriving today- and I want you to make a good impression."
"I didn't love Kali you Moose I loved you." Gabriel let a tear roll down, "And you broke me..Sam you're my bestfriend and I will always love you to death but you made me feel like I was a sex toy there whenever you needed a disposable fuck and that hurt a lot."
Dean felt a little bad about that..he guessed Cas was right, he did kiss the other man as a joke..well at least at the time that's what he thought it was, "Right." Dean's gaze fell to the ground but he had to look at Castiel as he said what he was about to. "..Hey Cas are you happy?"
"What happened?"
Sam looked his brother up and down "..You have feelings for him don't you- you wouldn't be so freaked if you didn't"
"Oh, thanks." Dean loved his parents but he dreaded the whole 'you're thirty and we want grandkids' talk, Dean did not have time for that, all his past relationships had failed why would he want to try again just to get his heartbroken?
"Shit."
"..Okay"
Castiel refused to let himself blush, and he cleared his throat "Well..if you had stayed I was thinking we could see each other again. If I'm being really honest you were the most fun I've had in quite sometime and I like your company."
seventeen and the second Dean had brought it up he’d put up a weak fight knowing the smile Dean gave him had him sold on the request
Dean sighed, the Novak's were very understanding and nice people "Maybe but just not tonight" Cas nodded "Okay" He furrowed his brows
Dean didn't think that Cas would want to get dressed up for their date but he was so wrong, the angel wore a nicely fitted navy blue blazer over a white dress shirt tucked into navy blue slacks
"I want that too." He said finally and Castiel immediately smiled and if Dean didn't know better he'd think the man had been relieved almost like he was scared that he wouldn't want the same "I just.."
Dean eyed him, "Have you?"
for the popular kid, fucking cliché as shit."
He was under Sam and, saying words he wasn't even sure he mean't like
"What?- no why would you say that?"
"Okay now can we talk about this?" Dean said after Castiel finally finished sucking his brain out through his dick, Castiel nodded, settling back on the pillow "If you want." He sighed "I mean I was planning to ask myself over breakfast but..-"
He placed soft butterfly kisses on the back of Dean's neck to sooth how overwhelmed Dean must've been feeling, "Mm.." Dean moaned into it "You can move angel"
"Do you ever think about that night?"
Dean smiled slinging an arm around Castiel's shoulder so they faced the lake, he kissed Castiel's cheek, he was relieved that Castiel was letting it go "Good, I love you angel." It was a few seconds before Castiel spoke again and when he did the words had Dean donning one of his boyfriend's signature  confused faces.
He cleared his throat "I like girls" Sam scoffed "Yeah no shit" He muttered earning himself a wack on the arm from his mom "But I also like boys" Dean's words were rushed but everyone caught them "I'm bisexual"
"I walked." Was all Dean said in response, "How's Sam?"
Castiel kissed back almost immediately and kept his hands on Dean's neck, it was hot, sweet..a little passionate, it was everything Castiel had ever dreamed of- it was his perfect first kiss with his crush only twelve years too late. But even then Castiel has had few kisses in between and this one definitely took the cake.
Dean could do this forever, just kissing Castiel. No sex necessary, his angel was perfect always letting Dean take lead, trusting him fully he rarley controlled their touches. Dean used to be so scared of his feelings for Castiel, because of how..
the pathetic one in this relationship, I wear his fucking jacket almost everyday not because he gave it to me but because it's one of the only good memories I have of him, it was the last time he was sober and for a whole
He wasn't who Dean would usually go for, he was a little dorky and wore a lot of tshirts with references to shows like The Big Bang Theory and The Flash as well as math symbols especially over a flannel or button up but that just added to his cuteness- and his face?- it was like sexy and adorable at the same time, it was impossible for Dean not to fall for him even if they'd barley spoken but don't even get Dean started on the guys voice-
Dean tried not to let the confusion and disappointment show on his face "Oh..so you're like aro/ace?"
"What?- angel?"
broke him.
"For the last time Dean you look perfect!"
"Maybe but you
He was more than furious, having planned to merge his already existing 'business' with Novak Enterprises. His goody two shoes little brother Castiel barley out of college was suppose to run a company?
But Dean was already peeling off the leather jacket that was his father's and he was wrapping it around Castiel who instantly felt warmer, "I'll be fine." He was only wearing a thin long sleeved black shirt but he didn't show any signs that he was cold so Castiel didn't argue anymore. Dean was being nice.
Then a week later after ghosting him Sam showed up with some chick on his arm, not bringing up their night together once, Gabriel knew it wasn't right but he forgave Sam because..it's what he did
"Is that anyway to greet your big brother?" Gabriel said pouring himself a drink, Castiel gave a tight smile "Gabriel my patience is thinning-"
So far the date had been going well, they got dinner and it wasn't awkward like Dean thought it would be, in fact it was nice..
"No it's crooked!"
He just didn't want to do the whole 'first date' thing especially over dinner, with the awkward staring and and playing twenty questions- it played a big part in why he hadn't dated in almost a year and a half. Dean said goodbye to Arthur and thanked him before getting out of the car having arrived at his destination, he entered the restaurant feeling slightly nervous but..enthusiastic.
Dean understood that, "Didn't we kiss?"
Cas nodded "Yeah I guess" Dean sighed "I didn't grow up rich, my dad was a mechanic and my mom was a teacher, then there was me and Sammy, he always wanted to get out, make something of himself which he did- but I didn't really know what I wanted to do, I was in college the first time I played hockey and I guess I fell in love, I didn't think it'd get me here though." He explained, "But I did always have a back up plan."
"Just wanted to talk- feel like we haven't talked in a while" Dean said easily "So how is everything?-still got that girlfriend?"
Dean knocked on the window of his bestfriend Cas' bedroom, the boy groaned and rolled out of bed dragging himself to pull open the window "Dean?- what the hell are you doing here it's late"
Castiel beamed, embracing Dean in his arms, he could see their life in L.A just in reach "Thank you!" He exclaimed and Dean smiled into his shoulder, "I'd do anything for us angel."
"Dude it's not even ten pm yet- god I keep forgetting how much of a nerd you are" He shook his head "Doesn't matter look- my dad wants to send me to a fucking straight camp- to brainwash me- I'm not going to a fucking straight camp"
"With parents like mine who want grandkids yeah it is- I swear my mom was more heartbroken than I was when I broke up with my last girlfriend." He said offhandedly "Now I just throw myself into work."
"You won't" He kissed Cas on his lips again, gentle and closed mouthed at first, nipping at Cas' bottom lip before slipping his tongue between his teeth, rubbing the growing erection in Cas' pants making the angel moan loud in surprise
Dean looked in the mirror one last time, he'd gone with some black ripped jeans and a white long sleeved shirt with the only two buttons at the top opened
Cas laughed at that "What else?"
Dean was first to wake after their long night, he rarely topped Cas but last night he had just felt the urge to have Cas ride the hell out of him and Cas loved the idea
"Yes!"
"Not a snobby rich ass?"
Sam rolled his eyes "Gabe you actually
"Gabriel, since college..it's been eight years why didn't you tell me?"
Cas raised a brow, not knowing if he should be offended or not "And by that you mean?" Dean swallowed "You could probably get any guy you wanted..any
Castiel had thought but Dean wanted to and..
Dean laughed at that "Aww you're the older one huh?" Castiel's response was cut short when a waitress came up to them sporting a smile "-Dean!- you haven't been here in a while we were starting to get worried."
"Alright." Dean took the condom and tore it open, Castiel waited as he rolled it over his cock and lubed himself up working his cock as Castiel pushed his knees up and he used his hand to guide himself past Castiels rim, carefully pressing inside he felt Castiel tense up and he stopped.
A happy smile graced Castiel's features and he sighed "Well in that case I would very much like to have dinner with you again." He said, "When are you free?"
"Do you date often?"
Then the doorbell was ringing and Gabriel jumped away from Sam, "That's probably him!" He said with excitement, rushing towards the door Sam watching for a moment before following after to him to greet his future brother in law.
To anyone around them their relationship would look like it was more than friendship but they just ignored those people, Anna wasn't gay but she made it clear to him that she'd never see him that way even if they flirted way too much and he didn't feel anything more for her either.
Dean went back to pleasuring Castiel only this time it was all little faster and he managed to surprise Castiel with a third finger, sending him over the edge of an already spectacular orgasm.
"Nah I'm just..curious."
Gabriel patted him on the back, "It's okay Cassie I'll protect you." Castiel actually smiled at that and hugged his brother out of nowhere, surprising Gabriel but the shorter man reciprocated nonetheless "I really have missed you Gabriel"
Dean frowned at first but then his eyes shot open after the third time and he pushed Castiel off himself letting the other boy roll into a sitting position, he pulled his shorts back up and he stood "Dean!" Sam came around the corner and rolled his eyes, "There you are!-why the hell weren't you answering me?"
He walked them up to a baby blue booth and they sat across from each other, "This place seems..nice, I've never been." Castiel told him still looking around. It was very old fashioned right down to the jukebox and the staff uniforms, "Well you've been missing out Cas because this place is awesome. It's like my little home away from home."
"For hanging out with me?"
He pulled his phone back out as he started to leave the shop "You were saying Sammy?"
He took Dean's face in his hands forcing his boyfriend to look at him, "Please."
"He was drunk like always and was on one of his 'you're a disappointment rants."
"Anna wouldn't hook up with you." He said bitterly, ignoring the sting he felt when Dean asked about his sister, "Why not?"
"Go away!"
Sam ran back to his room and pulled out his phone, quickly calling Dean- he was surprised when his brother actually answered
"Here take my jacket."
"Gabe- hey where is Sam?"
"Sam.." She was speechless, "I don't know what to say.."
"I'd really like for this not to be over, can I take you somewhere?"
..well Castiel wasn't holding back, he laid himself bare for Dean hoping the other man would accept and want to try a relationship.
"Dad I'm bisexual, I like girls yeah but I also think boys are pretty great too- I just like people- and trust me there's nothing you can do to me that I haven't already done to myself- call it a 'faze' try to force myself to like a girl when I'm actually interested in some cute guy"
Cas looked down at his feet "Goodnight Dean.." Dean turned around to walk down the steps and Cas cursed at himself for gripping his friend's arm, spinning him back and into a kiss Dean immediately returned
Gabriel shrugged "Sam"
Castiel shrugged his brows, "Well feel free to join me." Dean nodded lightly and sat onto the pool chair beside Castiel's, grabbing himself a beer and twisting off the cap taking a long sip, "Y'know your brother seems nice..him and Gabriel are quite the pair."
"C'mon humor me." Dean says and it's with that classic Winchester charm and flash of smile that makes Castiel fold, "I'm a doctor out in Seattle, I work as a surgeon, it's almost always the reason why I never have time for family, I'm always busy working, Lucifer says it's because I 'don't have a life'" He used finger quotes and Dean smiled, Castiel was still adorkable to this day, "A lot of my colleagues say that as well..maybe they're right."
"Ah!" Gabriel put his finger in Dean's face, "You're thinking don't do that. You are both adults, both capable of making your own decisions, if something goes wrong then I'll be disappointed but I'm not gonna kill you. Relationships don't always work out the way you want them to."
So there he was arms folded over his chest leaning on the wall watching Cas in his sleep, he was going back over what he had said when the angel was still on his death bed
"No-"
There was a pause before Sam spoke
"That's why you wear the necklace." Gabriel commented, he knew that the chips Dean wore were similar to that of a military accessory. "It was his, it has his name on it and everything." He said, "That's why I was so mad Gabe, my parents they want grandkids- they want to not have to worry about me dying alone so much that they don't care whether I'm happy or not, I want to take my time and find someone I can actually love."
"I have a brother
"The greatest." Dean replied taking Gabriel's offered gummy bears. He liked his brothers choice of companion, Gabriel was fun and he made Sam fun too, brought some mischief into his brother's otherwise boring life. Despite how different the two were they seemed to balance each other out.
His head tilted much like the angel did when he was confused as he saw Cas start to move "Ow" Dean rushed to him "Don't move Cas you're still banged up"
Dean knocked on Sam and Gabriel's door with a sigh, bracing himself for that next few moments. His brother could be a real drama queen sometimes.
is here"
"I'm Anna, Dean's bestie- not to be confused with his
"Because you didn't need to"
"Sorry- what were you saying?"
"Yeah I think that's best." She paused, "How long have you two been.."
"Ooh Castiel huh?- he's cute."
in your life to be taken care of properly"
When Dean got back to his place Charlie was gone and Sam and Gabriel he assumed were in Sam's room doing god knows what but he didn't care either way. He set his keys down and grabbed a few beers from the fridge before retiring to his room for the night.
Cas nodded tiredly and let Dean in "What's going on Dean?- and why so late?"
Dean nodded in agreement "I'm so going to kill them when we get out of here" Cas scoffed "I'll help" He turned his head to face Dean "Just kiss me Dean" He said, "I never should've come here and you know it- so let's just kiss so you can get back to your friends and I can back to watching TV alone"
and he was done with that. He remembered when he was twenty and started dating a girl..a girl who gave his crush on Sam some competition but his bestfriend wasn't as thrilled..he was more possessive of Gabriel and he didn't like the girl one bit.
Cas realised this and blushed "Sorry- I... -I didn't mean to-" His eyes turned back to their regular blue but Dean stopped him before he could hide his wings
"..Move with me."
"You're still my son kid"
He'd left New York angry and determined and for the past six years he'd stewed, cooking up the perfect plan to take over Castiel's business. "Mr Novak?" One of his people called for him, "Yes, Gordon?"
Sam felt, it was as if they were just kids again. He pulled Sam into a hug "It's gonna be okay Sammy."
Sam's eyes got teary again "I'm sorry I didn't tell you when it got bad De.." Dean hated how small he
Cas looked up at him through lidded eyes "Yes?"
When he and Dean kissed and made out in the Impala Dean would get hard as a rock and so would Castiel just not like Dean would. But grinding against each other with their clothes on was a different thing.
mojitos."
touch and he was going to take Castiel apart in the sweetest way ever.
Dean nodded, Sam was right- just be yourself..just be yourself, Dean could do that, he braced himself before walking up to the them, "Hey Dean-O you here to steal my brother away?"
It was then Dean realised how familiar the scene was, it reminded him a whole lot of when he'd kissed Cas for the first and only time all the those years ago and he couldn't help but look at the other man's lips but he didn't dare move, and neither did Castiel they just looked at each other, until Castiel raised a questioning brow "Do you still drink?"
" Cas informed him, hanging up a second later
He picked up his phone and stared a the time,
Castiel was gay?- did he know when they were in highschool together?- did he know when they'd kissed?- was Dean his sexual awakening? Dean blinked stupidly but managed a quick recovery as not to give Castiel the wrong impression "Well it's their loss buddy."
, like you're-"
So one tutoring session he had decided to ask Cas about it out of nowhere, "Dean- are you even paying attention?" Cas asked sounding annoyed when he noticed that Dean was zoned out
Chuck and Naomi entered to find Castiel on his bed reading, his hair was slightly messy from trying to fix it with his hands in less than a minute and his lips were swollen from all the kissing he and Dean did but he just prayed his parents wouldn't notice.
"You've dated both?"
"Your brother"
The moment they got there the place was already packed but Charlie dragged them through the crowds to get all the goods before they were sold out and of course get their faces painted and nails did in different pride flags because why not?
It was quiet for a little bit, Dean let his dad take in his words, and it felt so good because for the first time he got to say what he had always wanted to him without being afraid of the outcome, he smiled when Cas took his hand in a gesture of support
Cas was reluctant but after everything that had happened leading up to this this moment he decided to just go for it, taking big bite of Dean's burger, he found himself moaning too as so many new flavours hit his tongue.
"..Interesting"
Cas smiled "Yes it is nice" Dean intertwined their fingers "I want it all with you"
should swear off gay dudes and
"I'm serious-kiss me!- but make it good-"
." Gabriel looked at him, "I just wish you'd stick around more..you're my favourite brother Castiel, we were so close when we were kids but now..you throw yourself into to work and I miss you so much."
Arthur chuckled and reached into the glove compartment pulling out a water bottle and some pills, "Oh- Arthur you really are a god send" Dean exclaimed and took the items.
"You don't have to-"
Castiel lifted his arms up as Dean took off his shirt tossing it aside, he layed flat on his back and Dean stayed fully clothed though hard as hell as he kissed Castiel neck, being careful not to suck any hickies where his parents would see, he kissed Castiel's nipple, causing Castiel to gasp a little but he didn't make any move to stop Dean.
"Not surprising" Cas deadpaned, he closed their books "Let's take a break for today..-"
straight." He said coldly and Dean grimaced slightly, "Then I met Gabriel and the wall was coming down..I'd still dated girls but every once in a whole I would hook up with him and after I'd act like it didn't happen because I was so afraid of becoming a punching bag again."
Dean had left?- but when?- was that all he wanted?- sex?
Cas' lips quirked at the side "Yeah?"
"I understand."
"I want to make it up to you Gabe."
Cas had been leaning on his palm,not even paying attention when Sam nudged him, informing him that the empty beer bottle was pointed straight at him
"Want what?"
"No- I don't want that, I'm just... frustrated, I've been eighteen for a month and they're still treating me like a prisoner, I just can't wait till graduation."
"Sammy- mom, dad- there's something important I need to tell you"
"Why?"
"Well sex of course and lots of it," Dean laughed aloud at Castiel's bluntness his cheeks flushing red, Castiel smiled at the sound before gathering his thoughts and continuing "But, most importantly I want to get to know you Dean Winchester..how you work, your routine, I want to become a part of it."
"What the hell are you talking about?" John said "And don't dare yell at me like that"
The hockey player came out of the kitchen with a short apron tied around his waist carrying two plates full of thick burgers and fries, food that smelled absolutely delicious. Placing the plates on the table he quickly pulled away the apron and tossed it away, "Don't eat anything- I'll be right back." He said and ran back into the kitchen as Castiel waited patiently for him to get back.
Sam hated Kali and Gabriel knew it, he kept asking himself if Sam was so jealous why didn't he just make a fucking move?- he didn't have the right to tell Gabriel he was wrong for loving someone who actually loved him back and didn't just use him.
"Woah, Cas I can't just up and leave, the scholarship is just a back up plan Sammy needs me he needs to go to school."
Cas laughed "Next time you invite me to a party I'm saying no" Dean's lips quirked up "What?- is the thought of kissing me that bad?"
Dean shrugged "I'll walk you up" Cas scoffed "Dean-" He cut himself off knowing Dean wasn't going to back down "Fine"
you said" He mocked frustratedly, falling down to sit in a corner of the room
"Are you sure?" Sam questioned giving his brother a look "Yeah..yeah I'll be fine, we're
"Then you don’t mind if I skip dinner and take Cas on a date?" He asked sheepishly, pulling the boy to his side
"No I'm not.." He lied terribly, trying to stop sobbing, "Talk to me." Castiel offered kindly and Dean forced a nod, finally able to get his breathing back to normal after taking a few seconds to breathe, for some reason he felt like he could trust Castiel with something he'd never even told his parents, "I spent my first three college years dating girl after girl but then I started to feel things for guys..well
Castle shrugged "Yeah, why not?- you're gonna get a B minus either way" Dean put a hand over his heart "Jee- thanks, I can't
Dean gulped "I want you..I want you inside me" Cas nodded, he flipped Dean around on his stomach, discarding of his pants
"Yeah okay."
Castiel sighed heavily, trying not to slump in his desk chair, he pushed himself up to stand pouring a himself glass of expensive whiskey and taking a sip as he stared out the large glass wall of his gaint office, one that used to be his father's before he died leaving the company to him six years ago
, less
Cas yelped when Dean playfully smacked his ass, "Dean!" Dean smirked and decided to take it one step further
Mary nodded, sipping her wine "But time is going by, whatever happened to that one boyfriend Leo?- was it?- he was great for you."
"Can you, c'mere?- just sit with me?- what I have to say is..it's a lot."
-" He pushed Dean towards it, muttering something about 'damn Winchesters'
"Well there isn't, now could you please leave I need to take a shower."
"You don't mind do you?-it was just the first thing that popped in my head when I saw you."
Dean went pale- there was
Cas grunted in response "Your eyes..and there's wings.." Dean said, Cas' eyes were bright blue and he had two huge black wings with dark blue undertones sprouting from his back
There was a medium beat of silence before Dean groaned from the floor "...We're still going on that date right?"
"Castiel!- there you are- who was that?"
Mary was angry "John did you really do that?" But John was angry too "It was the right thing Mary you can't possibly accept that our son is a-"
The boy smiled at him the second his voice was heard and Dean had to calm himself down before he lost his cool facade "Hello Dean."
Cas rolled his eyes "Seriously- Dean just let me know if I'm wasting my time" Dean shook his head immediately "You're not I just..sorry- I've been distracted lately everything is confusing"
Wait.
For a while he thought the same thing but then he realised it would just be more time wasted on
"Okay- jeez," Sam backed down a bit "But was all that about?- are you guys..together or something?- it's cool if you are-"
Castiel nodded "Yes I did" He knew all about Dean Winchester, twenty seven years old, from Lawrence, Kansas born January 24th, born to John and Mary Winchester- brother of his self proclaimed lawyer friend Sam Winchester, he liked to run background checks on virtual strangers whom he was going to date
Dean could confirm that it was true, Sam had been extremely supportive when he'd came out at age nineteen "What about Gabriel?"
am proud of myself why can't you be the same?- god Sam you can't even say
Dean lit up and turned to face Cas expectantly, barley containing his excitement "I'd love to" Cas nodded at him, "Awesome" Dean kissed him on the cheek and grabbed Cas by the arm before he could say another word and he dragged him into the kitchen yelling to his mom something about making an extra pie for Cas when he stayed for dinner
Lucifer Novak strode down the steps of his private jet as his bags were being taken for him and put in his car on the way to his hotel. He took a deep breath and smiled sickly sweet.
Cas raised his brows "Oh yeah?-
Gabriel sighed as he shifted through Cas' kitchen, frowning at all the food in his brothers fridge, but hit the jackpot when he found the cupboard Cas previously mentioned he'd kept for Gabriel specifically
"I need your advice"
He'd came to he party for Dean and stayed by his friend's side as much as he could, though at the same time trying to avoid the friends Dean wanted him to 'get to know'
Gabriel visibly deflated "C'mon Cassie- don't be like that"
"You have?"
Castiel stuck his hand into it and absently looked for the bottle, just wanting Dean's mouth on him again, he grabbed it and handed it to Dean. He watched as Dean lubed up one of his fingers and pressed it to his hole. "Cas?"
"You've kissed someone before right?"
be into him like that. "I'll keep that in mind angel." He said, silently handing one to Cas who accepted despite his previous comment.
"You can't ignore me forever"
It was a passion he'd gotten from his father and uncle Bobby, they both loved cars and while Dean loved being hands on, ie working on cars himself when his company really took off he stayed in the background, in a big office going on business trips and having meetings non stop.
"-Wait is this about me being bi?" He stopped kissing Cas and sat up he watched Castiel's face waiting for a response but it never came "I knew it." He pursed his lips, nodding, "The second I told you." He stood and grabbing his shirt he scoffed "I can't believe this."
"It was just a stupid blowjob when we were eighteen."
"Dean?" Sam frowned as he walked up to his brother who seemed to be very interested in a certain corner of the room, he looked over to it and his bitchface immediately set in "For the love of God Dean go talk to him."
Dean looked up into his eyes "You'll never love the bee's more than me" Cas rolled his eyes again and with one push Dean was falling onto the floor with a yelp
Dean hugged him back "I won’t bitch" He pulled away "I sorry I scared you- I wasn’t thinking" He apologized sincerely, "Thank you so much for taking care of him Cas"
He managed to wake in the morning showering before changing back into his lazy clothes and slipping on his dinosaur slippers that made a rawr sound everytime he took a step and headed downstairs to where Sam and Gabriel already were sitting on the couch way too close and watching tv, "Morning Dean."
Castiel blinked turning his eyes to Gabriel, he just knew his brother was talking about Dean "What?"
"I'm not trying anything I promise" Dean assured, grinning into Cas' neck "I prefer to bottom anyways" He backed off after a minute letting Cas do the rest as he started on the patties. He sighed loudly, "So Cas, the beginnings of our date aside, why would you want to go out with a hockey player?" Dean asked as he started on the burgers "Sam didn't force you did he?"
"But-"
"Good." Dean gently pulled out and rolled off of Castiel's body, reaching over grab Castiel's clothes before he got too cold to handle, Castiel accepted the sweater and boxers and put them on as Dean did the same with his shirt and boxers.
Dean shook his head, sitting down "No Sam- you can't listen to everyone who disagrees with you, when you came out you were ready to tell me mom
Dean stood and grabbed his towel following Sam back inside, Gabriel was in the kitchen stuffing gummy bears into his mouth when they walked in, "Nice swim?"
"Gabriel?- your bestfriend?-
but finally after a few months it all died down, not to say that it was all bad considering he got to be on the cover of Vouge under LGBTQ+ celebrities, getting very 'friendly' with two models of different sex which managed to do the trick as he was back to being America's top playboy athlete no matter who he fucked
Gabriel just chuckled, biting his lip he said "What can I say..being in love makes me
"Alright- alright- I'll think about it"
"He came home drunk and when I tried to cut him off he made some..comments that I didn't appreciate so I decked him hard enough for him to see stars and shit escalated."
It had happened only once when Castiel had been seventeen, they were in the backseat their clothed erections grinding against one another they were too lost in the feeling of lips on lips to notice that they had been dry humping each other and seconds later both boys had come in their pants, panting against each other until the high came down.
They spent the movie laughing and discreetly whispering about certain parts of it, while they shared the snacks which Castiel made them wait to do thoroughly explaining to Dean why they couldn't eat during the trailers because they'd finish it all before the movie even started.
"..Maybe"
"Generally pretty good, in the romance department not so much." He admitted "When my company took off I didn't really have time for relationships but whenever I let myself be in one it doesn't end well."
Dean watched Sam walk off with a grin on his face and he slowly pushed open the door "Hey
Castiel rubbed one lubed finger against Dean's pink hole, slowly slipping it inside, just sliding it in and out before adding a second, scissoring Dean open and intentionally avoiding hitting his prostate, but it was pleasurable simulation for Dean nonetheless. "You can add another Cas" Dean said, though he hadn't bottomed in a while he still masterbated so the two fingers wasn't much of a stretch, Castiel nodded and added a third now moving all three around trying to get Dean as open as possible and while most people would stop at three because of his bigger than average size he had to go for a fourth, which earned him a gasp from Dean.
"That seriously happened?"
When Dean walked back up to them the first thing he heard was Sam complementing Gabriel on his rainbow eyeshadow with a smile until Gabriel saw him walking up and turned his head "Dean, enjoying your pie on a stick?" He asked, back pressed to Sam's chest as his boyfriend wrapped his arms around him bending down to kiss his cheek.
"I sense a question coming.."
Castiel smiled at how sheepish Dean looked to admit it "Yeah well I was surprised myself seeing as I never thought you would be gay- or attracted to me."
Dean paused "..How did you know that you were gay?..that you liked guys?"
Sam sat up, "I don't know..I'm just worried..everyone has always said that Gabriel and I are too different for each other and we've never listened but now we're getting married, I know what I want but if that all changes?..I don't know I'll do if it changes."
" He spluttered, "
But Lucifer had another agenda, his father had always wanted to leave the company to one of his children and Lucifer being the oldest he was sure the will stated he would inherit the multimillion dollar business but it went to his youngest brother instead and all he was given was a few million dollars like the rest of his siblings.
"Us" Dean said "For the first time ever there's no impending danger- we can do stupid domestic couple stuff without worrying about something trying to kill us"
" Dean panted breathlessly
the moans were getting louder and Sam lifted a hand to wave as a non verbal bye to Dean which just made Dean roll his eyes and mutter something about 'horny ass teenagers'
Dean nodded and moved even slower trying to bottom out without hurting Cas
Castiel Novak didn't do this, he didn't go to dumb highschool parties- he was a freaking junior he should've known better
The drive was silent, Cas stared out the window the whole time so he didn't see Dean's eyes on him when they weren't on the road
Gabriel couldn't help a chuckle "Sam you were like that before we had sex." Sam rolled his eyes lightly, "Well did you miss the part where I said I had a huge crush on you?-I got jealous all the time."
"So..shall we?"
Castiel sighed, "You didn't even tell me what the fight was about Dean." Dean shook his head, not wanting to get into it "Does it matter?"
Dean shook Cas' hands off him "Thanks" He thought about it for a moment before snuggling up to Cas, the angel though surprised smiled and embraced him "...Cas I'm sorry" Dean started quietly "When I thought you were dead my heart broke, I can't spend all this time being pissed at you when we don't even know how much time we got left"
Gabriel huffed pushing his lip out "Fine but it's not gonna be easy you two would be adorable together."
quite addictive, and his plan had been to run his operation through the company he was supposed to inherit from his bastard father.
"Do you love him?"
"Promise."
course meals! He grimaced at the thought but sadly he couldn't do anything about it, despite how good he looked in a suit he didn't like wearing them, no matter how many Met Gala's he was forced to go to- not that he wasn't grateful to have his life, just he could do without the monkey suits.
A knock on the door brought Gabriel from his laughter and he sighed pausing the TV and standing up to answer the door, looking through the little peep hole in the door, and his heart dropped but he opened the door, though kept the chain in place. "What do you want?"
He got down to the pool to find someone already lying in his usual pool chair, Castiel was up and dressed in a worn deep blue shirt with white jeans, his feet crossed and his hands behind his head. "Morning." He greeted and Cas looked up in surprise, "Oh hi."
beer out of his fridge but he ended up grabbing 3 more, he'd been having a pretty hard and confusing couple of months
"Ooh, I like." Dean chuckled but soon frowned at the tray, "Why are there four?"
"Because..I just..I just can't"
Dean had his hands pinned flat on Castiel's chest as he bounced up and down on the cock inside him. His thighs and ass still ached from last nights fucking but he was already getting used to Castiel's size, he still had so many fantasies about all the things he could do with Castiel that involved a bed.
Dean frowned, sitting down in his own corner "What's your problem Cas?- you've never liked my friends"
"Sure..just promise you'll kiss me again?"
"Make burgers and watch a movie." Dean huffed, with parents who weren't around much he did small things like that to distract Sam from their parents not being around "Shit Sammy I forgot just give me fifteen minutes alright?"
"Then kiss me!"
Dean never complained even when Sam would get mad and pissed at him like most teenagers did, they were also brothers and they had their spats and disagreements but Dean only ever spoke proudly of his younger brother, Sammy was going places and Dean knew it.
Dean gasped jokingly "I would never!" He said, turning around, his back facing Castiel "I am a gentleman."
Cas blinked at the outburst "You could've told me- we're always honest with each other"
"Sure he was." Dean mocked putting his shades back on, "Whatever you don't have to worry about me I'll be nice."
"I can if I try hard enough"
even but it stopped when we started going out that was the first time in a long time me and Gabe.." He trailed off but she understood, Jess always felt Sam and Gabriel were closer than normal, but she never wanted or expected it to be true. Sam was the perfect guy she'd always dreamed of tall, sexy, handsome, adorable, extremely smart- a bit of a nerd, nice, funny, protective but not too much, caring, sweet, never forgets important events..she couldn't believe that he was gay.
"I don't want to hurt you Dean."
He rolled his eyes and pulled a pen from his pocket, taking Castiel's hand and gently writing down his number, surprised that Castiel barley stirred. "See ya later angel." He whispered before leaving room and going down the long steps, having called Ketch to bring the car ten minutes earlier that was waiting just behind Castiel's building.
Jess nodded, "Okay..about what?"
Cas sighed "Dean..I don't want a smart impressive guy I want you" Dean frowned "I'm going to ignore the fact that you just inadvertently called me a loser-and I should totally feel hurt right now" Dean muttered "Can I kiss you?"
She gasped "I'm offended." Dean looked up at her "How could I ever convince you to forgive me?" He said batting his lashes for extra affect which she noticed "Playing dirty Winchester?- I'm even
He and Dean have been friends ever since they were six, yes Cas was kind of a major introvert- his only other friends beside Dean being his older brother Gabriel, Charlie Bradbury, Kevin Tran and Dean's slightly younger brother Sam
"-Two shakes and fries." Anna interjected and sat them down on the table before sending Dean a not so secret wink "Enjoy."
"We aren't together, we never have been- I mean yes we have had sex before for
"Yeah I do, if you want."
Not two minutes into Castiel's apartment and they were running up the stairs jumping into Castiel's bed, they were naked within minutes. Castiel was fucking thankful he'd taken Dean up on his offer because the hockey player really could ride dick, and Castiel did not mind being used like dildo if it mean't Dean would never stop moving.
Dean sighed, was it really that crazy?- he never really thought about it much but did he want to stay in Lawrence for the rest of his life?- he could get that engineering degree he'd always dreamed about but ignored because of how far fetched it sounded, they could rent a two bedroom and he could share a room with Castiel.
Dean groaned sitting up "But not without some morning nookie" Cas shook his head "Last night wasn't enough?-you need more?" He teased as Dean stood, shrugging as he stretched "That's what you leave me wanting"
"Oh shut up- he's not a crush!- I just notice things" He lied not so smoothly
Dean had his hands firmly on Castiel's hip and waist pulling him in while Castiel's kept a hand on his neck, they kissed like it was an everyday thing, like they'd done it before, it came easy- no awkward clashing of teeth or absence of chemistry..they just fit.
"I have a personal chef on weekdays and I order out a lot."
Jess blinked back in complete surprise "You're gay?" Sam looked down nodded guiltfully, "Yeah I think I am..I've known since I was thirteen, but I was terrified so I repressed it, and it changed me, for the worst." He sighed "I treated Gabriel horribly and I cheated on you with him."
Dean always admired Castiel, how smart he was, his brain was unique, completely like no other. He sometimes wondered how a guy like him wound up with an adorable bookworm like his boyfriend. He smiled through the glass, but it didn't matter to him..not even a little.
so was Dean- he took his time pulling down the sheets and running his hand over Cas' soft ass, still pink from their activities
Dean thought to himself, Castiel really grew up- I mean of course he did it'd been twelve odd years but he looked good..more put together and he acted more sophisticated which just made him more attractive and that turned Dean on in ways he couldn't explain.
Cas shook his head "You know that's not true"
Dean sighed "I've been..questioning, realising that haven't been seeing girls as much as I do guys- and I don't think that I'm gay, certain girls are awesome but guys.."
I had a nice normal father...that was four years ago."
"Dean" Cas sat up a little and Dean handed him a glass of water "You're okay buddy you're okay" Dean assured him rubbing soft circles into his back
Pride came a month later and they were all ready. Dean got over Cas relatively fast but instead of trying to date again he focused on work and school still sour because of Cas even though he wouldn't admit it to anyone. He was excited for pride he'd gone every year since he met Charlie and she introduced him to it and loved it everytime and according to her he needed to meet some new hotties (her words obviously).
Castiel shrugged "Dinner?"
Placing his hand just barley over Cas' and they started to chop easily insync, Cas could feel Dean's hot breath on his neck, and his crotch pressed lightly against his ass, Castiel never imagined that cutting up onions could be so sexual.
Castiel clenched his jaw slightly, Sam Winchester had been his friend for a long time -one of his only- at that and finding out that he was using Castiel's brother as a disposable sex object- he was pissed "I'm cancelling the date with his brother"
"No, tell me" Castiel insisted and Dean sighed "Everything is so..fancy" He admitted, for a first date he really wasn't feeling it "I'm sorry but this is so not me, I'm more of a burger person- I only wear these mokey suits when I have to."
me to ask your brother out on a date?" Gabriel shrugged, smirking evily "It'd make for one crazy ass love story."
He found the slacks and dug his phone out of the pocket, -
Sam quickly changed the subject not wanting to talk about it
"I always knew that I was into guys more than I was girls, but I never felt
"Yes Hannah?" He turned around to face his assistant "You have a visitor"
Sam looked at Cas who seemed to be stunned as he brushed his finger tips over his lips, Sam gave the angel an apologetic look "I'm gonna go talk to him" He said and followed in Dean's direction
Dean shook his head "I'm not doing this Sammy I'm not opening that door because once I do...I just can't" He shrugged "That kiss didn't happen"
After pride it only took two days for Castiel to call him and they decided to talk at Dean's apartment, Gabriel and Sam promising to stay upstairs and in the bedroom with the door locked.
Using his hand to slowly guide his cock past Castiel's rim, the boy under him groaned out "..Mmph" Into the pillow
"Who is it?"
"Well there's always firsts."
"Winchester, you're late" Benny a good friend of Dean's said as he finally got to the locker room "I know" Dean groaned "My brother was on my ass" He said pulling open his locker so that he could get to his gear
Castiel rooted through his drawer, "Yes you are Dean." He made quick work of finding an acceptable long sleaved navy blue sweater and a pair of thicker black sweatpants due to the cold weather of Lawrence at the moment. He slipped on his socks and was working on his shoes when Dean asked-
"Wow Cassie you really need some new clothes" Gabriel chastised as he went through his younger brother's closet "I mean, everything here is either black or white or on the spectrum"
like I haven't in a long while." He smiled shortly, "It's nice."
Sam frowned "Cas?- you're with him?"
"Family doesn't end in blood." Dean said easily "Something my uncle says."
"Cas.."
Sam closed the door "Sorry they locked you guys in there- I tried to get them to stop but they wouldn't"
"I agree it was entertaining, I haven't watched a movie that good in awhile," Castiel told him while they exited, "Exams have been my main focus."
Dean preened "What?- too scared to kiss a guy?" He teased, "Shut up" Cas retorted but with no venom
Dean pushed Castiels knees up a little higher, giving him better access and he couldn't help but groan in pleasure at the feeling "Wrap your legs around me Cas." He gasped, hands flat and pressed into the blanket as he thrusted, Castiel locked his ankles together and held onto to Dean shoulders.
Dean chewed the inside of his cheek "..Well we're friends but I don't want to mess anything up- I mean I know that he's gay trust me rainbow slinky's are straighter than him"
"I'll stay with Dean for as long as you need, you don't have to move out right now."
Cas rolled his eyes, kissing Dean softy "I've fallen for a dweeb" Was all his said and Dean's cheeks reddened "..I'm not a dweeb.."
"Sorry I didn't mean to say that..out loud."
"Okay..second question."
Castiel's wet mouth on his cock, taking him perfectly Dean was so lost in the feeling he didn't even hear the first yell of his name "Dean!"
"..okay, yeah, sure I'd like that- but you set the pace, I'll respect whatever boundaries you have, just because we've had sex doesn't mean I get to be jealous or overprotective."
"Great-actually, he even have me some guy advice" Dean smiled, Cas tilted his head and shifted his glasses "Really?- who are you crushing on?"
It would've expanded his empire and he would've been a billionaire in a little over a year
Men?- men?-
"Th-thanks man"
I'm not..after graduation we can get in the Impala and
Dean blinked, "Are you serious?" He paused and thought for a moment, "..If you breathe a word of this I will kick your ass but..I've never actually gotten a blowjob."
"This was very nice Dean" Cas said laying his head on Dean's shoulder, Dean smiled into his glass "Yeah it was Cas"
"Might as well have." Dean said but it came out more mumbled since he had food in his mouth but lucky for Sam he was fluent in Dean-lish so he understood every word. "Did it not go well?"
"..I..I'm sorry for how I acted Dean..I was wrong to try and change you, I understand that this is who you are but you're gonna how to give me some time to get used to it"
Castiel tried not to let his surprise show, he always thought that Gabriel was just a dick for no reason but all his older brother wanted was for him to be loved "..and you think Dean might be the one to do that?"
"I'll go on the date- who is it with?"
to do more than just kiss him? "Wow that's..an interesting proposal." He said, "I like you as well Dean, and I think you are correct we've both grown up- our past is just that so..yes I'd like to try a relationship with you."
And as angry as he was that someone would ignore his privacy like that he also felt relief that he didn't have to do the whole coming out thing, he'd been comfortably bisexual since he was sixteen and he really only needed his immediate family and friends to know which of course they all did
"Because I love the hell out of him and I wanted us to be together in every way possible.." He sighed, ignoring Dean's reverse psychology "He's too good for me Dean it doesn't matter how much I love him."
"Mr Novak?"
"Oh, just Jo- she's my cousin, her mom owns this place."
"Hey-" Dean started to protest but Sam already hung up "Bitch" He muttered into his coffee cup, quickly calling down a taxi and getting in, he really didn't need to be late
The only good thing about the restaurant was that he and Castiel would be able to keep a low profile. The restaurant occupied very famous regulars and was known for respecting their guests privacy. Dean really didn't want word of him going on a date- especially with Castiel Novak of all people to be public just yet.
with a guy before" He said "This is new to me"
"Y'know you deserve to be happy too Dean."
They sat down and there was a silence for a few moments, until Castiel started "I'm sorry. I was really looking forward to our date and it was going so well and I'll admit finding out you liked men as well as women put me off..it wasn't fair to you and I never should've hurt your feelings like that. It's been eating at me ever since."
It was late into the date and they were just leaving dinner when Dean asked Sam to text him the address of wherever he had planned the second part of their date "Where are we going Dean?" Cas asked on the drive there, the road they were taking felt somewhat familiar
proud.. but I couldn't be that for myself."
Castiel shook his head in response, Dean jerked his head slightly, "C'mere" Castiel didn't know why but he was slipping off the side of the pool and was swimming towards Dean, stopping when the two were close and then Dean was placing a hand behind his neck and pulling them closer.
"You have a younger brother?"
date gay dudes." He said jokingly with a hint of serious but Sam shook his head "You shouldn't have to swear off gay guys because you dated one gay dude that had a problem with you being bi."
"Dean where the hell are you?"
"That was spent doing?"
Castiel nodded in agreement and they clasped hands, walking into the theater together they made small talk about the movie they were going to see which was The Babysitter. It was new and they were both excited to see it especially with Castiel being an avid fan of movies rife with horror and comedy.
and giving Gabriel some shitty apology
I have..I just," He sighed, "This is your first time Castiel."
Jess chuckled "Hey" She turned around and yelped as Sam picked her up, "You're in a good mood" She laughed softly as he kissed her neck, "Not right now- dinner is almost ready."
"..And now?"
"Hey- those are my friends" Dean defended making Cas roll his eyes "Yeah, don't remind me"
mean?"
" Dean grunted at the sudden feeling, Cas pressed his cock against Dean's slick hole using his hand to gently push himself inside until he was fully seated
His bestfriend since college, him Sam and Cas had all been close but Sam and Gabriel had been closer- but they'd never dated or anything like that
"..You want my two sence on your little 'situation'?" Dean nodded eager for any advice he could get "Ask him out, go on a date after the wedding see where things go, and if they don't?- then at least you'll both know."
Benny shrugged his brows "Well he's not wrong, I mean when was the last time you actually dated someone since-" Dean gave him a hard glare "Him" Benny saved himself
, I had zero friends
Dean scoffed "-Let's just kiss and get this over with" Cas avoided Dean's eyes "No thanks"
Castiel nodded hesitantly but stopped short, "I don't have swimwear." Dean shrugged off handedly, reaching into his dresser tossing a pair of shorts at Cas who caught them to his chest putting his book down. "You can change in here I'll go in the bathroom."
They didn't really speak unless it was necessary and it was awkward as heck for Dean but he didn't say anything about it. Hours passed and he finally went over the egde, hours of numbers and words and fuck just
but Cas didn't say that of course "Have you?" He retorted, Dean tsked "I asked you first."
Dean grabbed a throw pillow and threw it at the three of them while Castiel chuckled next to him. The three eavesdroppers ran off back upstairs and Dean turned back to Castiel, grinning happily
"Have fun on your date, I will be using your TV to watch countless episodes of Lucifer while you are gone, just fyi."
"What's so wrong with it?- is it because he's a guy?"
Dean gasped, placing a hand over his chest in mock hurt "Wow, the angel has claws huh?" Cas just shrugged nonchalantly "..This so stupid" He said after a few moments
"This wouldn't have anything to do with a certain Winchester would it?"
"You Dean Winchester are infuriating sometimes"
Cas on the other hand did not go as easy, he tried hard to explain how he really didn't want to be trapped in the closet with Dean being pressured to kiss - even going as far as to say he was claustrophobic which his brother assured everyone he was not, betraying his younger sibling
Dean wasn't even bothered that his brother was probably there to have a heart to heart with him, his eyes had just been opened to something he thought he'd pushed down years ago
"And I've been ignoring you..for good reason"
Cas could even believe it, Dean Winchester the man he'd loved for years under him moaning his name with a litany of 'yes's' and 'please's'
"I can't believe you Cassie!" Gabriel started as he pushed past Hannah to get into the office "Thank you Hannah" He said sweetly to the assistant "That will be all"
But then again he
He chuckled "Uh..Cas?-you okay?"Cas growled when Dean's hand stopped moving "Don't stop please"
"Gabriel."
Gabriel swallowed hard "Fuck,"
"..nothing"
But the things that weren't on file was what really interested Castiel, Dean was an excellent and famous hockey player with a net worth of a hundred and five million, known not just for his amazing hokey skills but for being a pretty selfless playboy, dating models and actresses such as Lisa Braeden and Cassie Robinson though also proudly bisexual
Dean eyed him curiously, "Yeah I'm starting to get the feeling that you don't do a lot of stuff angel." Castiel glared at him, "Is that supposed to be an insult?"
"What"
The questions ran through Castiel's head in circles but it didn't matter anyways because they weren't going to be answered, he pushed his feelings of hurt aside and managed to get out from bed, yawning softly as he went to the bathroom to brush his teeth. He sighed heavily, fuck he really wasn't a morning person, he reached for the toothpaste and that's when he noticed something written on his hand.
Cas rolled his eyes "Shower
"Seriously?"
Dinner was nice, Dean and Castiel didn't make a big scene by bringing up anything- in fact neither man said a word of it to each other, both acting like it never happened. The night was spent with Gabriel catching up with his older brother talking about Castiel's life as well as his, it was a miracle that Sam and Cas got to speak at all but Sam and Dean understood so they let the two talk.
Cas laughed "Oh yeah- and she was none to pleased either" He furrowed his brows "Why are you asking?"
"Highschool dances..worst years of my life."
Castiel shook his head with a scoff "Tell me about it." Dean cleared his throat, "Anyways..since Sam and Gabriel are officially married I can finally do something that I've been wanting to ever since you got here."
Gabriel nodded retracting his hands, Sam was right, he hadn't fully forgiven his friend and Castiel was still pissed at him as well..things were too far from being normal again, "You're right we can't change the past but we can try..like a
was free, we just decided it was best- for the both of us..but if I'm being honest.."
Castiel nodded kissing him again, "Of course," He said kissing down away from Dean's lips and to his jaw, "But.." He gave a nice suck to Dean's neck, breathing over the wet skin "First,"
Dean rolled his eyes at the dig, "...I haven't done everything." He pursed his lips slightly and Castiel laughed, "You're lying." Dean shook his head, "I'm not..those girls just hangout with me because they want to be popular, sure we makeout and whatever but..I don't really want that- just sex." He took another hit of his cigarette shaking his head as he blew out "Whatever it's probably stupid."
Castiel took Dean's hard cock in his hand when he realised his lover was nearing his orgasm and he started to jerk it, going just the right speed to bring Dean over the edge in just a few jerks. "Yes, oh fuck, yeah Cas." Dean panted breathlessly, his hips stuttered as is climax washed over him, and he was covering Castiel's chest with his come riding out his orgasm.
"I'll walk"
"Yeah your brother Lucifer is a total dick." Dean retorted with out meaning to, sharing a look with Castiel who laughed, nodding "Yes he can be"
"Because you're marrying the love of the your life or because you're finally getting out of the family?"
"Keep going."
- this is the perfect time for you to ask Cas out- you always find reasons to not do it, but now there's nothing going on- you can't just avoid it forever"
Dean laughed "Yeah, the world thinks I slept with that guy when really we're just friends and he was helping me out with first date tips for my actual boyfriend." He smiled briefly "Leo thought it was sweet when he found out."
He didn't know if he wanted Cas to wake up and remember it or if he wanted to forget the whole thing had ever happened
Gabriel gave a mock saulte "I'll see you in thirty then." Castiel sighed as the door shut and he fell back into the comforter and pillows. He couldn't believe Gabriel thought there was something more going on between him and Dean..was he really that obvious?
"Wow- you actually managed not to disturb me," Castiel started as he came down the steps, walking into the kitchen for a snack, he pulled open the fridge before realising that he didn't and couldn't cook "Shit- I'm gonna order applebees you want anything Gabe?"
"You didn't, I'm incapable being upset, I get picked on twenty four seven I've learned not to take things to heart" Castiel scoffed dryly, "You're just being nice to the weird loner kid."
Dean chuckled, blowing out the smoke between his lips and Castiel couldn't help but stare just a little at Dean's pink lips, giving him the sudden urge to kiss the lips that his eyes were stuck on but he wouldn't dream of it. Dean would
"Hey Cas, I didn't know you were coming."
"Sammy for the last time I don't want to be set up!" Dean said, pushing the phone to his ear as he gave a silent thank you to the barista handing him his coffee with a warm smile "Sam the world already thinks I'm dating Lisa Braeden-"
Jess nodded, at least she acknowledged his apology, "I need time, to get my things and move out." She said firmly, managing to keep her tears at bay, though sniffling just a bit. Jess was strong she knew how to handle her emotions and despite how she felt breaking down over relationship not going the way she hoped was not something she wanted to do.
"Thank you."
"Dean are up you scared to go back home?"
Looking at him was enough to make him come and he moaned, filling up Castiel
"Did Sam give you the 'don't embarrass me' talk?"
"So, what exactly did Sam tell you about me?- it wasn't anything embarrassing I hope."
Gabriel grimaced "Why would I be there?"
Castiel frowned thinking for a moment "I've never..I've never tried a burger." Dean's eyes went wide so fast- "You haven't had the best food in the world?"
"Okay."
He looked at Dean who was now lying on his back his hands were behind his head and his fingers were linked together, Castiel came in front of him, kissing Dean's wet torso just above Dean's bellybutton and down further, "Cas what-wa-wait." He started, hands leaving his head in surprise but Cas kept going, he kept kissing up until the waistband of Dean's shorts looking up at Dean and the swim captain gave him a small nod, giving him permission.
Benny just shrugged "Whatever you say brother"
"This perfect!- it makes it easier for you and Dean to go on dates and-"
But even though Castiel turned eighteen weeks ago Dean wanted to wait, because they were both eighteen now and close to graduation they were getting sloppy with their rendezvous so aside from school the Impala was the only place they would see each other and though he loved his car Dean was not having Castiel's first time be in Baby, Castiel deserved better and that's what he was going to give him.
Questions, but they still didn't get that he wasn't gay or staight, but luckily their coach was quick to support Dean and state that his love life had nothing to do with hockey and that unless it affected their game the discussion was over
Cas frowned, feeling that he overstepped "Do you not want-" Dean shook his head stopping him "No- no I was just..
Sam sighed
Dean was moaning softly, not making any other sounds, his eyes fluttered closed and his hand guided Castiel's head up and down his dick and it's all so much..his first blowjob and god he was kicking himself- why hadn't he done this before?
"I want to explain somethings to you."
"I thought so." Castiel handed Dean his shirt and Dean accepted, "So how do you feel about staying for a few hours? Before our date?"
"I know that but he's also my brother, he's used to my childish antics." He turned to Dean, "Seriously just be yourself, he won't care."
"Dude, calm down- it's nothing bad, I promise" Somehow the smile Dean tacked on managed to convince Castiel and they got into the cab together, "153 West 48th street- 'The Roadhouse' please" He instructed and the cab driver took off.
Gordon nodded, "Any reason for your visit Mr Novak?" Lucifer sighed, long and devilish pouring himself a glass of whisky in the backseat "Oh, indeed, I'm here to steal a business away from my brother and if that doesn't work, well.." He took a sip, "I'm going to kill him."
Castiel nodded leaning over to reach for a condom from the basket, handing it to Dean "I want you."
Castiel didn't say a word only grabbing Dean by the blazer and dragging him upstairs he practically shoved Dean into his bedroom and flipped on the lights before turning back to the man he was about to
Cas frowned "Hey, I like how I look" He protested making Dean laugh "Don't worry, I like it too" He stopped for a second, taking in Cas' features "You really want to leave?"
They stopped for snacks on the way, Dean ordering them a large bucket of popcorn to share with extra butter per Castiel's request as well as Mike and ikes, for Cas and Peanut M&M's for Dean who like the gentleman he was payed without hesitation making Castiel swoon dramatically as joke which Dean immediately appreciated because c'mon hot, dorky,
"Yeah one of the best!- I mean have you seen the guy play?- not to mention his body- and that smile?"
"-Okay, gimmie your phone." Castiel hid his smile as he did handing it to Dean he watched the other man put in his number and stared at his perfectly manicured hands in different colors of the flag. "You here by yourself?" He asked genuinely curious.
They'd gotten drunk, Sam more than Gabriel and Sam kissed him, Gabriel was shocked at first and not sure what to do but Sam was persistent and they ended up in Gabriel's bed
"Sam, just tell me the truth aright?- I doesn't matter to me."
"..you feel like something is missing."
"Are you going to take my clothes off?"
Dean still could not shake how freaking similar Cas and Jack were "Jack could you give me a minute alone with Cas?"
Dean eyed him, Sam was actually giving him his blessing to ask out Castiel? "You serious Sammy?"
But Castiel didn't think of him like that, as disposable, he loved Dean despite the possible consequences.
And sure Dean did have the occasional drink and smoke, I mean you kind of have to when your dad is a shitty and physically abusive drunk who leaves and shows up whenever he wants but he never once forced his life on Castiel, he never pressured his boyfriend into drinking or smoking, Castiel could make his own choices.
Castiel looked him, amused, a smile tugging at his lips "Yeah it is," He said. "You lie about having sex and sleeping around to seem cool for some dumb reason. Everything is
Sam watched Dean go for a moment before his eyes fell to his phone on the table. He couldn't call Gabriel because his friend definitely wouldn't answer but had to make it right. He could..go over there and- "No Sam..leave him alone." He said to himself with a harsh shake of his head; he'd just make things worse.
Dean frowned "What?"
"I have dated but not much if at all, few men have managed to capture my attention."
Dean swam to the edge of the pool and took his beer, popping the can open and taking sip, he looked up at Castiel "C'mon get in." He said and Castiel just sat down at on the concrete next to Dean, crossing his legs "I don't really swim."
Gabriel's eyes looked up and he frowned hard as Sam spoke, "But no one knew that..they just thought it was funny to call me a faggot so everyday I was punched, kicked and bullied in every way possible for two years. I was this scrawny kid who for some reason deserved to be brutalized for two whole years." Sam swallowed..he really never wanted Gabriel to know this.
"Fuck you you don't know me." Dean spat, "You don't know me either." Castiel said back sharply and Dean grimaced, taken back "When you become dark angel?" He'd shared something very personal and Castiel was just giving him shit for it.
Castiel huffed pausing the TV "Don't you have other places to be?-like -I don't know- Sam's apartment?"
Castiel rolled his eyes, "Just give me five minutes and turn around, no peaking."
guy you wanted"
Sam stepped inside and left his coat on, standing before Gabriel and feeling a pang of hurt when Gabriel stepped back, keeping a distance between them. "I..um..I want to say a couple things and you can yell or say whatever after I just..I
Castiel closed the door the second Gabriel was out and sighed hard looking to the two outfits Gabriel and lated on his bed, grabbing the one on the left he held it against his chest to look into the mirror, ultimately deciding to with the deep blue Gucci suit, no tie
Dean looked down at himself after he'd finally stopped coming and sighed, happily melting away into the sheets as Castiel rode out his own climax and was pulling out just a few seconds later pausing to watch Dean's hole twitch and flutter around nothing. "Shit Cas..I was not expecting that."
"That's what I mean't" Cas whispered "..I didn't want our first kiss to be meaningless"
Castiel raised a brow "What did he do?" Gabriel sighed, rubbing his stuffy nose "I lied when I told you me and Sam weren't messing around" He said "Since college it's been this pattern where we sleep together and I think it's the best thing ever before he just ignores me and acts like it never happened"
it if you don't have sex on my couch.'
apartment. He unlocked the door and quickly realised Dean wasn't around but didn't think about it too much, going to Dean's guest bedroom and dropping his things there.
what if Gabriel gets tired of me and wants to end it?- divorces are living hell not to mention I'll be heartbroken for like ever-"
biphobic." Dean laughed at himself "Yeah..I jumped the gun on that one."
"We won't." Sam promised and Dean just eyed the two, making both men uncomfortable "Um?- Dean, I think they get the message." Charlie told him tugging on his arm to help him to the door which Dean reluctantly let her do.
Dean chuckled at his seriousness and they began to walk, "I know, I don't like it either angel."
"Anyways why are you here so late?- you usually text."
"Hey!- I'm amazing in bed." Dean protested, but Cas was too focused on his burger to respond, "So I'm not looking pretty bad now am I?" Dean said taking a sip of his beer as Cas shrugged "You're just not what I expected, you're worth so much but you're-"
Castiel gave a shake of his head, "My life is too boring to be even the littlest bit interesting."
His hand fell to the curls on Castiel's head and he started to help the man to keep a good rhythm going one that already had Dean on the verge, he felt like he should be crying, Cas was doing everything and more for a guy Dean was pretty sure -up until fifteen minutes ago- was a complete virgin. Cas had his hand perfectly massaging Dean's balls and his throat was flexing around Dean's length- it took everything in Dean to hold back and savor what was easily the best blowjob of his life and he was doing fine, eyes kept shut as Castiel worked below him- until he felt Castiel's hand close in on his ass, spreading his cheek and searching for his hole, Dean's brows furrowed in confusion for a split second before Cas was sliding a single digit into Dean and
Dean moaned when Cas made contact with his prostate and he felt Cas' lips against his curl into a smile "Can I go a little harder?" Dean gave a nod as permission and Castiel began to thrust faster and harder trying to get Dean to achieve his second orgasm of the night. Dean gripped Cas' arm for stability and threw his head back to moan loudly- he knew that without a doubt he was going to be sore in the morning and he was going feel regret- and be a little turned on when ever he sat down but for this good of a fucking Dean was fine with being a little sore for a few days, he had the weekend off anyways.
Dean sighed in defeat "Honestly?..no not really." He was actually being honest maybe once a year it'll come back to him but not often. "I mean it was just something that happened."
about fixing it, so he settled for how it already looked.
The only good thing in that will was that there was a clause, that if Castiel came to be unfit it would go -rightfully- to Lucifer, so he waited for Castiel to fail, but his brother didn't. In fact sales skyrocketed and he'd more than doubled profits.
"We're not together, Cas just..kissed me- I don't know why he kissed me- god why did he have to kiss me?"
"Friend." Castiel corrected, "I have one friend."
Dean grimaced and turned around "How the hell did you find me?" Cas shrugged sitting with him "You come here to think"
"Two years?- weren't you outed then?-"
"He's kind and a little socially awkward but cute nonetheless, he's got messy dark hair and an adorable love for bees, and his eyes are bluer than any I've ever seen before behind his nerdy glasses.." Dean watched for a moment as Cas' features turned into a frown as he started to realise who Dean was describing
"Right, yeah, I'm so sorry Gabe I must've forgot, when are they getting here again?"
"Novak, Winchester" He told the young woman and she smiled sweetly, giving and short nod before directing him to his table where Castiel Novak was sat. Dean had to do a fucking double take because he'd seen pictures of the guy before but in person he was just- damn! He looked delicious in a suit but Dean couldn't help thinking how good he would look when the suit was
Laughing at the opening scene just before the theme plays he sighs and takes his drink. You must think he should be heart-broken like Sam staring down at the bottom of an empty beer bottle and crying about how much he loved Sam and he let his bestfriend hurt him.
Gabriel's head snapped up at Dean's voice and grinned, "
Cas screamed instantly and his eyes shot open "Dean!- fuck faster!" He groaned "Please Dean.."
Dean climed on top of Cas grinding his cock on his boyfriend's bare ass, teasing the slit, he did this more and more moaning into Cas' neck, until he was at full hardness
"I know..I just, I never wanted you to see me how I was, sure my career is doing great but I'm not happy like you are Gabriel, I don't have my own Sam-"
"Dean?- are you here?" Cas questioned pushing away bushes to find the clearing
Castiel was surprised. It was good question, and something he'd never really thought about. "..I guess..I would like to start with a kiss instead of a blowjob."
Castiel nodded, "And your parents?- they approve?"
"He..?"
Then fucking Sam had to walk in "Hey guys-whoa" He stopped dead in his tracks staring at the two, Dean pulled away immediately looking from Cas to Sam and back "I-I have to go" He muttered quickly and broke from Cas' grasp on his neck running past Sam and presumably to his bedroom
had a girlfriend,
Last night felt wrong, he couldn't keep kissing, and sleeping and cuddling with her if he didn't really mean in it, it wasn't fair to either of them. It was early when he decided to do it, only around eleven am but he didn't want to hold off.
"Well..tomorrow is-"
Dean chuckled, "My point is you love Gabriel and if I'm being completely honest here I'd be pretty disappointed in you if you let an awesome guy like him go." He said, "I like Gabriel a lot he's good for you and I can't wait until he's officially my brother. So no it doesn't matter that you're taller than him by more than a foot or that he eats his weight in candy and you have a thing for salads." Dean smiled "You guys love each other unconditionally which is a privilege that I'm sure Lucifer and all the other dicks out there are just jealous of."
"Three days..I think I can work with that."
"And you need a hair cut" Cas muttered through kisses, "Shut up and keep kissing me" Dean shot back and Cas happily complied
Dean nodded "Sammy, he was fourteen when I left but now he's living with me, we come here together a lot."
"Well I don't think they're working." Dean just flipped Gabriel off before going back to his food sighing long and heavy. "Dean, talk."
Cas gave a nod "So it's a date"
"Hello."
"Sam did that?"
"Right."
?- I reminded you last night."
"Then why won't you look at me?"
He looked up and saw Dean was swimming to the side of the pool leaving it to towel off, running a hand over his wet hair, sitting down on the soft concrete and laying back on his palms, watching as Castiel swam up to him joining him, to sit next to each other.
Dean nodded, he leaned over and kissed Castiel, his hands on his neck, Castiel kissed back instantly, keeping his hands on Dean's shoulders, they done this before. They were good at it, kissing came easy to them, especially their impromptu make out sessions in the back of the Impala that they snuck in whenever they could.
surprise him, did Gabriel know?-was Sam trying to make things right?
"You mean like Cas?"
Gabriel cleaned off his hands, and leaned against the counter folding his arms overhis chest "We're not mad- I mean your parents might be but we're not alright?" Dean leaned next to him. "I'm still sorry, I wasn't kidding when I said that my parents could get on my nerves."
Dean grimaced turning his head "What does
"What?" Dean said eager for the answer, "It's been years..too long as you said."
"Yeah well as Sam likes to remind us, he's not gay."
"Oh-right, well then I'll see you downstairs then?"
"I had to ask." Dean closed the door and walked over to his brother, "Sammy?- what's wrong?"
Dean didn't now why but he felt the urge to call his brother; Sammy was back in Lawrence finishing up his last year in high school they ever only see each other on holidays and even if they did talk on the phone often this felt different
Cas sighed "You can’t stall the inevitable Dean"
Castiel came around to sit with Gabriel "What happened?" His brother was fine just moments ago, "Sam.." Gabriel unfolded himself, showing Cas his tear stained face
Dean leaned over to place a kiss ok Castiel's lips "You had me at 'tonight' but that's just a fucking bonus."
"Hello," He thought it was a nice enough night to go for a swim, wanting to take advantage of what the house had to offer, and when he saw Dean doing his laps he quietly sat down, not wanting to disturb Dean though he probably should've made himself known. Gabriel always said that he could be a little creepy without meaning to. "Sorry I didn't want to interupt."
angel, and he was all Dean's. For two years Dean never complained or made Castiel feel guilty for their sexless relationship, Dean had lost his own virginity at fifteen and since then (until Castiel) it'd been a slew of girls and boys alike so the need for sex wasn't really there.
Dean sighed
He threw it over his head and adjusted it on his neck before taking his phone from the nightstand and tucking it away in his jeans, leaving the room and quickly making his way down the steps. Gabriel was in the kitchen humming softly as he made mojitos, "Mojitos huh?"
your fault Castiel."
Cas began to untie Dean's shoes and take them off, "I promise that was just the warm up." Dean chuckled unbuttoning his shirt, "I am so turned on right now." He pouted as he tossed his shirt away and Castiel noticed his frown coming up from just pulling away Dean pants and boxers leaving the man naked, "What?"
Dean nodded, "He even invited me to his place for a nightcap and we kind of..hooked up." Sam's brows rose, "What on the first date?- and you left him like some one night stand?"
She shrugged "I climed in through the window- it was surprisingly easy- actually you might want to do something about that."
"You wouldn't you love me too much."
Ouch that hurt "..Yeah, I get it, I'm just the person you screw with when you're pissed off and need to bang the gay out of your system"
Castiel frowned, "What do you mean?"
"Yeah..I was virgin and then I fell for you and I lost it in less than three months." It wasn't one of his proudest moments but it was memorable and very enjoyable, he'd just never had someone catch his eye like Gabriel had it was..intoxicating, he couldn't get enough.
Castiel pulled them down and didn't waste anytime, taking Dean in his mouth sucking slow-just a little over the tip, before taking down some more, he'd never given a blowjob before, and he hoped he was doing a good job.
"Do you want one?"
"Yeah?- what did you have in mind?"
Dean sucked on his neck, giving soft pecks to the spot "What does that mean?" He asked, kind of losing his boner at all the talking. Then it hit him..Cas had been acting weird ever since-
- my father is a homophobic piece of shit human being because my mom died in a freakin
his parents it was insane, did they just not understand that he didn't give a shit about whether or not he had someone?- he didn't need love and right now he didn't want it and he wasn't about to force himself into one to make his mother happy.
Gabriel shook his head "No, just because one Winchester is an ass doesn't mean they both are," He tried to give Castiel a smile "This shouldn't ruin your date- I want you to go, maybe then I won't have to keep an eye on you so much"
"You're not wrong there, if I wasn't I probably would've kissed you with how you got in my face about showing you some respect" Dean sat down on the bed "I can't believe how we even got here"
"Come for me Dean" Cas moaner heavily, he felt Dean tense around his cock before groaning into the pillow that was in his face and Cas cleaned the mess from under Dean with his grace, thrusting a few more times
"Charlie doesn't like douchebags" Castiel said honestly, "Why does she think I'm a douchebag?"
When he got home he placed his keys down after locking the door pulling off his coat and mentally cursing the weather in New York. He placed his drink on the coffee table and grabbed the tv remote excited to continue watching Rick and Morty, he'd just started s3 after a friend recommended the show not even a week ago.
Gabriel closed the door and slid open the lock "Fine talk."
He left Sam a note slid under his door before he left- he didn't really know what he was doing but he sure as he'll knew he wasn't being sent to some bible camp that would try and convince him that he was straight
mine."
Sam packed a few things as left for Dean's apartment with his spare key, leaving Jess alone in their-
They dressed themselves in just their boxers and Dean suggested they watch tv and talk until one of them eventually passed out. Castiel agreed and they layed back on the bed together, hands never letting go. Dean even convinced Cas to watch a new show with him 'The Umbrella Academy' Dean stressed how much he'd wanted to watch it but never had the time because of his busy schedule so Castiel caved and they watched an episode and a half laughing, talking and taking breaks to make out (of course) before Castiel was snoring softly in Dean's arms having fallen asleep, the hockey player smiled and turned the tv off putting the remote aside to spoon Cas slinging an arm over him.
John nodded and Dean stepped closer "I’m sorry for what I said Dean" John said but Dean didn’t trust the words "I just..don’t understand.."
"Live a little angel."
And sure enough forty minutes later (Castiel may have counted) Dean was knocking on Castiel's door and the CEO opened it. Excited to see Dean once again, Dean greeted him with a smile and Castiel was pulling him inside the apartment by his shirt, kissing him easily- surprising Dean with his eagerness.
six more hours until he had to play meet the parents, he groaned eternally.
Sam frowned "Oh well I didn't even think you'd remember" Dean scoffed "Of course I'd remember we've been bestfriends for almost over a decade"
"Yes." Castiel answered without hesitation, "I think it's a normal feeling to have"
Dean sighed looking down "I thought we talked about boundaries Cas-""
Dean pulled off his shirt and made a show of his defined abs and the tattoo on his right chest, making Benny give a soft roll of his eyes "Benny we've been over this," He sighed getting his pads on, "I'm not going to 'pick a side'- because I like both, I thought you understood that"
Dean beamed, leaning in to give soft pecks to Castiel's lips, Castiel smiled and kissed him harder, his hand roaming Dean's sides, to his back, trailing down to his ass to give it a firm but gentle squeeze as they kissed feverishly, not able to get enough of each other.
funny? The guy was already beating out Dean's exes and it had barley been fifteen minutes.
"Fine"
"Why?"
Cas nodded and to Dean's surprise he leaned down careful not to move his hips and kissed Dean trying to distract him from the intense pressure he must've been feeling. Castiel himself had bottomed once or twice and he remembered how much it hurt even with a dick that wasn't as big as his it still hurt and his partner had distracted him with soft kisses, trying to take the pain from his mind and help him relax. "You can move just..stay" Dean said and Cas immediately understood, rocking his hips and slowly thrusting his cock while kissing Dean. For a moment he couldn't believe that he had wanted to rush the sex with the man under him, because this was so much better.
"Don't you dare say it John- I have had enough of you and your backwardass views- he is our son!- all he wanted was our acceptance and you threw it back in his face" She seethed "When we find him you are going to apologize- and we are not sending him anywhere- you understand me?"
"That's different we almost got caught last time."
Dean knocked on Castiel's bedroom window with a smirk, his boyfriend was sat cross legged on his bed math book in his lap, glasses on and pencil in hand as he worked looking between his notes and the math book, he had a single earphone in connected to his phone and the other hung free.
"I know, I know just tell Sam and Gabe I'm sorry."
"What?- Cas?"
Cas was already leaning in and the two were kissing until they didn't have it in 'em anymore, they ended up falling sound asleep on Cas' bed forgetting all of Dean's troubles
"No more telling me what I want Winchester." He said it playfully but Sam knew he was being serious, "I know what I want and I want to try..after all you're still my friend-I mean who else am I gonna hangout with?"
" He admitted, "I'm peculiar to a lot of people who don't know me well enough to understand that I'm not good with emotions, or social cues." Dean hated how Castiel sounded, like it was a bad thing and he had to change himself to fit in "It's not a bad thing y'know," He said "People are built different we don't have to understand it we just have to accept it- I don't care if you're not a social butterfly Cas." He promised, "I'm more open minded than people think."
Dean sighed "Yeah we really did have a rocky start"
Cas' eyes on the back on his head, burning a hole "Dean?"
Dean's head shook "Not like this- I've been buried my sexuality my whole life, and I was okay with taking it to the grave"
Gabriel nodded mockingly and in the moment all he could think was
Of course Dean was still harassed and asked about it, even having to do a few TV interviews to clear up the confusion
Cas was leaning in and before Dean knew it Cas was kissing him not hard but their lips were touching
"Cas..it's more complicated than that you didn't just 'hurt my feelings'. " He sighed, "I've known I was bisexual since I was ten, I didn't know the term or that there were other people like me that y'know liked girls and boys..I thought I was alone, and then I grew up and found out that their was so much hate directed towards people like me.. whenever I dated a girl I was straight and whenever I dated a guy I was gay. It was easier to say that I was one or the other because I was scared my relationships would end."
"Cas we gotta-ah..we gotta slow down- fuck-" Dean could feel Castiel rock hard against him, grinding their erections together. "Do you really want to trade blowjobs or do you want to fuck me?" The words made Castiel pause and Dean watched carefully as Castiel made a decision, trying to calm himself down enough to really go over his options, and while Dean on his knees sucking him down was extremely tempting, having the beautiful bodied hockey player under him and begging to be fucked was something he was about to make reality.
, he chose to be this way when he could've changed for his
..and pulling up his swim trunks.
"Maybe you should talk to him, find out why-"
He made his decision. He was going to tell Sam how he felt about Castiel and hope his brother gave his blessing to ask Castiel out on a date after the wedding, granted Castiel actually says yes. Man he really hoped that Castiel said yes..
Extremely religious pricks, they were fine with Castiel being gay, though Dean knew that they still held out hope that it was phase and Castiel would marry a nice Christian girl at twenty one. Dean and Castiel had been close since they were little but then they got older, Castiel was the slightly introverted smart nice kid who came from a good home and Dean was the leather jacket wearing bad boy who was influencing their child.
"Now..I.." Dean stepped forward and he was kissing Cas, cupping his face lightly embracing the soft kiss "Now I I want to kiss you whenever I want- I want to not be ashamed of us"
Dean hung up and stepped out of the bathroom, slowly reaching for his pants and pulling them on, watching Castiel very closely, he reached for his shirt but quickly realised that Castiel had used it to rid Dean's chest of cum, he sighed and decided to borrow Castiel's thanking god that it fit okay though not bothering to tuck it in, he slung his rumpled blazer on and tucked his phone in his pants, he couldn't help but stare at Castiel again.
Dean could
..Well would he?
The drive was nicely silent and Dean fell asleep only ten minutes after the car had started moving. Arthur brought Dean out of his sleep and informed him that they'd reached his destination, Dean took a few seconds to blink repeatedly before getting out from the car thanking his driver.
and Castiel was currently still on 'house arrest' for his constant 'disobedience' having not seen Dean anywhere but school for almost a two weeks, they managed to sneak in some time together between lunch breaks but that was it and it wasn't nearly enough.
"Because I'm a horrible person."
"Alright, I will."
"Dean, he hurt you because of me?"
"No, that's dumb and unacceptable, the fact that you were upfront about it with him was good, you got to know how he felt about it and now you can move on to someone who won't care that you're bi."
a kiss but damn if Castiel didn't do things to him.
"It's no problem sir." Arthur assured him, "Do you still want that coffee?"
"Go for it."
He had been outed four years ago when one of his very famous and openly gay friends was caught leaving his hotel room the night before a game
Dean was asking
"You two know each other?" Gabriel said with a frown and Dean managed to nod, "We met in highschool twelve years ago." Dean's heart couldn't stop palpating, he was shocked to his core and he could tell by the look on Castiel's face he felt the exact same.
Sam took a deep breath "Okay then maybe you should ask him on a date" Dean frowned "Why would I do that?" He questioned and Sam just gave him a look
you" Castiel rolled his eyes; he did this quite often "It is very nice to meet you Sam, I would like to clean up-"
The next morning Sam was gone and Gabriel kicked himself for it because he promised himself never again would he let Sam take advantage of him like that
"Of course we're going it's Anna's first one and I promised we'd get our faces painted."
He had a crush on Sam the second they met but Sam was straight, well he wasn't when they got drunk at a party and made out in a closet
"You ready?" Dean called from the kitchen, he'd forced Castiel to leave after the fries were made so he could put the finishing touches on the food wanting to surprise his date, "Yes!" Cas yelled back with a chuckle, only two hours into the date and it was already the most fun he's had in more than a while; Dean was definitely something.
"Wait- you're actually gonna help me?"
"What do you mean gone?"
"The car is here."
"Sam you can't change who you are just because people don't understand-"
"Move with me- for college let's go to Los Angeles, with the way you've been studying you're pretty much
"I'm not ready for that yet, hell I went through 'bout 3 beers before calling you" He said "Besides if dad's gonna tell me he's ashamed of me he's gotta do it to my face"
Dean felt his cheeks immediately heat up but not because of the fire, he swallowed the nervousness "Thanks."
"No!- Cassie!- I just meant I wanted him to stay..I wanted him to at least acknowledge that fact that it happened," Gabriel scoffed "And then he called and acted like a complete douche and I just..I was done playing back and forth- until he can tell the truth I don't want anything to do with him"
He sucked in his lips but couldn't bring himself to close his eyes, Castiel was too beautiful it was almost enough to have Dean coming right there but he held out, laying his head back and allowing the CEO to take care of him.
Sam shook his head, he wasn't even thinking about that "I promise I won't touch you." Gabriel opened the door more for Sam to come inside, hoping that he wasn't making a mistake.
"..Why didn't you say it?"
"Y-yeah." Castiel answered following Dean downstairs "Where are you guys going?" Sam asked from the couch taking his eyes from his video game, Dean waved him off "We're just going for a swim don't worry about it bitch."
"What was that?"
Dean Winchester was fucking bored, he was stuck working on some dumb school assignment on a freaking Saturday and to make everything ten times 'better' it was with some random kid he didn't even know.
..it had turned out
Dean shook his head at the assumption "I'm not gay, I'm bisexual- and for the record you are super hot."
Sam nodded and walked back inside leaving Dean and Cas alone again, "Is it okay if we finish the project tomorrow?" He asked Cas and the boy nodded standing up, "Yeah sure."
"Duh it has bees on it" Cas rolled his eyes like Dean was stupid "And secondly, I'm lucky too- I guess I may have had a crush on you as well"
"Seriously Sammy the freakin' couch?- I can never enjoy tv again."
"Some school project at first but then I dragged him outside for a swim." Dean managed a fond smile, "He told me he'd never been kissed before..so I kissed him like the eighteen year old tease I was."
"Yeah it could be fun- Dean?"
Dean turned his head and Castiel cupped his cheeks staring into Dean's eyes, looking past the slightly purple bruise on his right eye. It'd broke Castiel's heart when Dean showed up to school with it, he was limping just a little and whenever his shirt rode up Castiel was able to see the red bruise on his side and when Castiel asked Dean quickly explained to him that his father had landed up a couple punches in during their last fight.
"About what?"
"Thanks, I'll think about it."
Dean smirked sliding behind the bar "I'm going to make us some real food." Cas followed him through the back door and into the kitchen "And just so you know I don't do this often, not many people have tasted my culinary gift." Cas let himself smile at that "Well then thank you." Dean tossed a white onion at his date "Start chopping." He said but the look on Cas' face told him that the billonaire didn't know how to do that either.
"An angel killing blade is not some stupid knife"
Dean greeted his driver of five years Arthur Ketch, as he got into the car, and Arthur chuckled when Dean explained his situation, telling him that he could still hold out hope for the sex. Dean rolled his eyes at the comment but it wasn't too bad advice because no matter how shitty the actual date was, Dean was awesome enough in bed to have a good time even if his partner isn't as great.
"I have..I started pretty early though when I was sixteen, but there weren't many gay or bi dudes at my school so it was mostly girls."
See the eldest Novaks own business was that of making deals, selling what people who really wanted it would kill for, I mean after all drugs
"You want to leave right?"
But alas he never went without a fight.
Gabriel scoffed, obviously not believing a word "That excuse may have worked when we were in college but c'mon Sam you like something and it's not what Jess has" He sighed "You are my bestfriend and as much as I want to just forgive you I can't anymore, this is the third time since we met that you've done this to me..I deserve better than how you treat me"
"Sam, I look fine!" Dean heard Castiel exclaim from his bedroom "Okay,okay" Sam muttered and slipped out of the room meeting Dean's eyes "Uh Cas, your
Dean scoffed out a laugh, "Life?" He sighed shrugging his shoulders as he took another sip of his beer, "I don't know maybe it's just stupid..it's been too long for me to still be hung up."
Castiel frowned, Gabriel was being entirely too quiet, "Gabe?" He advanced towards the couch, "Gabriel?- are you okay?" He saw his brother folded in on himself, crying softly
"Maybe but your parents are sleeping and I doubt they're gonna come check on you now, its like ten don't they go to bed at eight?" Okay yes maybe Dean memorised the time his boyfriend's parents go to sleep for..future purposes.
Sam looked up taken from his thoughts and froze, he couldn't help but stare. He was about to lose someone he considered friend and yes he may not like Jess in a romantic or sexual way but he still loved her. When they'd first met it was coffee dates and Roadhouse dinners, they laughed and joked and he could confide in her whenever needed and she could do the same.
you do"
"I did..though I'm not sure why."
"Oh..so you remember- that's-" Dean cleared his throat "..I just wanted to..do you want to celebrate it I guess?" God he was not good at this
Dean actually had to pause and think. Everything Castiel was saying was very tempting and he wanted to let the man in, he wanted to know how Castiel liked his coffee in morning and how he had his eggs, it'd been so long since he was..domestic with anyone that the thought both scared him and brought a  warm feeling to his chest.
." Castiel squinted, his head tilting to the side in question "Y'know it's okay to like him Castiel."
Castiel just shrugged, Dean scowled slightly Castiel was an evil evil man, trying to guilt trip Dean with his charming smile and blue ocean eyes "I said I was sorry!- it was an emergency alright?"
She hummed in response not taking eyes off of Castiel, raking them up and down "You're staring."
"Dad you're not getting it!" Dean exclaimed not angrily but frustratedly "You can't change me- because there isn't anything to change- would you rather I be with some girl I don't even like then with a guy who loves me and treats me right?" He sighed "I know we haven't always seen eye to eye but this is me, and you need to accept that"
a chickflick moment and the second you make it one I'm going right out that door"
Dean laughed "'Course I do." Castiel stared blankly at his cigarette, "..Then take it out."
His nerdy sweater vest wearing boyfriend was a secret sex fiend and Dean loved it
"Well I love vintage cars and when I was in highschool I worked at my uncle's garage, fixing up cars everyday after school for some extra cash, so I majored in engineering before I even started playing hockey so maybe one day I could open my own shop."
"I love you Cas- fuck I love you so much"
Cas smiled shyly "Thank you"
Dean was looking a
Cas opened his eyes and smiled up at Dean, his boyfriend was sporting sexy messy bed hair and a tired look- Cas brought him down to kiss the plump lips he had been staring at "Fuck you're beautiful" Dean smiled kissing him eagerly
it was the inevitable question, Dean was sure Castiel wanted to go on about the weekend pretending that what happened between them didn't but deep down he knew it was bound to come up, "What night?" Dean decided to go with, choosing to act like he didn't know what Cas was talking about.
"No!- we did not survive years of crap for you to die from some stupid knife"
"Woah, woah, woah slow down." Dean sighed, "You're having second thoughts?"
Sam laughed "Yes you did"
"Most definitely."
"Yes but-"
Dean shrugged, "What me and Lee had was ours, being open about it would've just ended our relationship sooner."
Castiel scoffed gently, his lips turning into a smirk "Because you're a pretty boy."
Castiel's head whipped up to the door as Gabriel came inside fully dressed and with a smile on his face, "You're not ready?" The smile fell, "For what?"
Castiel shrugged nonchalantly, "A few times, but it never got too serious, my job can take up a lot of my time." Dean really hoped that if things went further between him and Cas that they wouldn't end up like him and Leo, Dean loved his job but time was something he had to think about very carefully.
His boyfriend tugged on the jawstring of Castiel's sweats and pushed them off his legs, leaving him in his boxers. Castiel had never been this aroused before, his older family valued the whole no sex until marriage thing but his siblings and him were never going to follow it so instead he made a different rule for himself one he
"Jess we need to talk."
Dean grabbed his wallet, quickly shoving it into his pocket before following Charlie downstairs to where his brother and Gabriel were, probably waiting to wish Dean good luck "Oh god my eyes!" Dean screeched the second he saw them while Charlie just wolf whistled her approval.
He panted hard under Dean as he squeezed around the dick inside him, it felt so good he wanted to cry, it was breathtaking, Dean was being so loving but determined and non-detached, still pressing kisses to Cas' lips, neck, and cheeks as he moved.
He turned to look at Dean over the hood of his '67 Chevy Impala "What are you doing"
Sam asked, quoting Dean from earlier
"I get that." Dean stopped them just outside the entrance, and took a deep breath, leaning in slowly as Castiel did the same he whispered just as their noses brushed "Can I kiss you?"
"Go ahead."
Sam didn't "Dean it's okay to want him- to want guys too"
No Dean had not had high hopes for the date but
Sam looked at him "Dean it means everything coming from you..more than it does from Dad or Mom, you're my big brother, all I've ever wanted was to be like you..I wanted to make you proud of me."
Castiel just laughed at his response
"I didn't ask you to follow me into my home"
Sam had to resist the urge to roll his eyes, he remembered that night like it was yesterday, Gabriel's entire family was very accepting of their queer kids but that didn't stop Lucifer for hating Gabriel for other reasons. He hit on Sam to make his brother jealous and kept making comments about how Gabriel had landed a guy like Sam when it'd should've been the other way around.
"You're never gonna let the fact that I snuck out go are you?"
Dean nodded, "Yeah I remember..we kissed." He was sure of it, he wouldn't forget something like that, but Castiel was shaking his head "It wasn't a real kiss, it was a joke."
Cas shrugged "Well yeah" Dean leaned over and kissed Cas softly "Well we still can..if you want" He whispered "Our first time can be special"
Dean shrugged "That was honestly the closest I've ever came to saying it" He sighed "I wanted to look you in the eyes, I wanted to mean it" He looked up and pressed his lips against Cas', kissing him desperately
Castiel put the cigarette in his hand between his lips letting Dean light him up, "Yeah well all I really need is a bong hit and a blowjob and I'd be perfect." Dean quirked a brow, "..Isn't your sister head cheerleader Anna something?"
"The Jeep, for a week."
Dean smiled proudly to himself before focusing back on the movie.
Dean scoffed a chuckle "Sammy you are a saint if ever there was one, it's not like you would cheat on her, there isn't a bad bone in your body."
Dean frowned, raising a suspicious brow "You
Dean nodded confidently not reading much into Castiel's reaction, he figured that since Cas was gay he'd be fine with him "Yeah, y'know girls and guys. I like both."
Cas banged at the door wanting the other teens to let then out but to no avail, he turned to Dean and glared slightly "'Meet my friends'- you said-
Cas smiled and gripped Dean's hips, thrusting slowly inside, he pulled Dean's hips back getting him into a position on his knees "Harder Cas..make love to me"
He was a flannel, jeans and plaid kind of guy.
"I was just taking a picture for a fan- don't worry about it"
Not noticing when Gabriel followed him upstairs along with Sam, "Cassie?" He opened the door slowly and found Cas layed out like a starfish on the floor, staring up blankly at the ceiling
"Seriously?"
"Don't- they're, amazing" Dean pulled him down into a kiss, his hands roamed the soft feathers and his eyes widened when he heard Cas start to purr softly above him
Moving to Cali for college wasn't easy especially when his dad didn't want him to leave in the first place, and then he'd been screwing up some of his classes so he had to get a tutor a..really hot
Dean took his hand pulling him forward "Hey- you don't get to be all judgy Mr raised me from perdition- last I remember you threatened to throw me back down there"
Cas laughed "Whatever you day Dean" He tugged on Dean's arm "C'mon let's get you in the shower"
Dean recoiled "What?"
Dean sighed, taking a few moments to process everything he'd just been told. Finally he nodded "Yeah, you fucked up a lot-and I gotta be honest I'm a little disappointed Sammy, Gabriel didn't deserve that- at all, but you've got to make it right with him whatever it takes."
Dean smiled, he pulled out of Cas and turned his boyfriend over on his stomach wasting not time in slipping back inside his spent hole and wrapping a hand around Cas' cock,  jerking it
"He..called you..he called you a faggot alright?" Dean felt the anger coming back just thinking about his dad's words, "-and then he said you were pathetic for going out with me and that he didn't want 'fags like us' around Sammy so I hit him some more and we kind of went at it until I got him on his ass with a bat and the next day we had a..
Cas shook his head as much as he could "Dean..you don't know that-"
Then came Lisa Braeden who proposed a game of seven minutes in heaven, Cas had rolled his eyes-
"Well I do have some pretty great siblings."
It went silent and to Dean's surprise Castiel started to chuckle which made him do the same, laughing the place instantly felt lighter.
Cas' face immediately flushed but he prayed Dean didn't noticed, surprisingly his friend didn't have any qualms about kissing another boy so he didn't hesitate to stand and head to the closest
"Do you regret it?" Dean couldn't help but ask, "Seriously Cas just say the word and I can stop all of this-"
"Wait-" Gabriel mentally cursed himself for grabbing Sam by the coat and pulling him down by his neck into a punishing kiss, but it was over as soon as it started "Gabe no I..it shouldn't be like that, you need time-I need time to process..you can't forgive eight years of shitty behaviour, and for what it's worth..if I could go back and make it right I would do it in heartbeat."
He looked up at Cas' worn out face, staring at the way his messy hair was sticking out, and his lips puffing out short breaths of air and how his eyes were shut closed as he focused on his orgasam
Dean rolled his eyes "Okay- why are you here?- far as I know no one's dead" Cas squinted at him "You're hurting"
Castiel seemed nice enough though. He was quiet and smarter than Dean but that was just a given most people were, he didn't care about school like Castiel did but he had to go to college and needed to be accepted to at least one school so if that meant studying on fucking weekends so be it.
Cas smiled as memories flooded his mind and his hand went to his chest "You stabbed me.."
Dean looked up at him with wide eyes "Wha- really?" Cas nodded, pulling Dean up to stand, "Oh-okay" Dean faced him, and they took closer steps towards one another
"I've been taking that bisexuality isn't real crap since I was fourteen. And it especially sucks when it comes from my parents- I don't need it from people I'm trying to date." He stood up "So from now until forever anyone I go out with even just hookups have to know that I'm bi and accept it if they don't then I have a right hand."
I wasn't the problem, that's why I told you I was bisexual on our date..most people aren't comfortable with it but I thought hey, he's cute and smart and always knows what to say he can't possibly be gay
Dean would really rather be anywhere else on the fucking planet right now. Not even ten minutes after his parents showed up his mom was making off handed comments about how Sam was getting married first and how Dean should find a decent partner before he gets too old- his favourite part was when he mentioned that he was a little stressed and his Dad said that it was probably because he was always alone as if he didn't have any friends or hobbies, or a
Dean chuckled at Cas' face as he slid into the booth on the other side "I grew up in Lawrence, my dad gave me my first beer at fourteen- I've grown used to the taste." He eyed Cas "You know how to eat a burger right?"
"Yes there is just..
"Interesting..so what the hell are we gonna do?"
Sam bitchfaced, "Just be nice, he's Gabriel's favourite brother and I really want him to like us alright?" Dean pulled off his shades "Let me get this straight, you've met Gabriel's parents and all his other siblings but you've never met his favourite?-you guys have been together eight years."
"Yeah, yeah."
Castiel nodded, "Something like that." Dean shook his head, "Well angel you and Charlie don't know jack about me." He said bitterly, taking a long drink from his beer, "I don't go around assuming you've slept with half the school." Dean laughed a himself "Why would I?- it's pretty obvious that you're a stone cold virgin."
"You kissed me and I felt the exact opposite of 'shame'..what I
Gabriel nodded sincerely "Yeah I do, so don't cancel just because of me"
That's how they found themselves sitting on the pool ledge with a beer each, drinking silently "Can I tell you something?" Dean said out of the blue, and Castiel nodded, "Sometimes I feel confused..I mean I did everything that you're supposed to do, I went to college I built a good life for myself but still..it's not enough."
"I don't care" Cas fit himself through the window and out onto the balcony, there was a ladder that led down, so he climed until he met the ground
When Sam woke up the next day he found a paper on his floor, he tossed it aside to go wake Dean but when he got to his brothers room well his brother was gone
Castiel shook his head "You aren't, I left home early by choice." Dean parted his lips to speak but their server came up and asked what drink they would be having, Castiel ordered a red wine but Dean wasn't one for wine so he decided on a whiskey neat like his father would order, thanking the server before turning his attention back to Castiel.
"Alright here we are." He showed Castiel inside the room and Castiel set his bag down turning to Gabriel expectantly "What?"
"It's the barn" Dean shook his head at Sam's weird sense of humor, it'd been years 11 to be exact Dean shrugged "Well shall we?"
"We broke up end of story, I don't need to explain it to you."
"Yeah..yeah I am." He shifted a little ignoring the pain in his side, the bruise was healing quickly but not quick enough, moving the way he did when having sex with Castiel hurt more than he let on, "Dean."
dad to screw off of if we didn't accept you."
Dean decided to be honest, "I guess but not since I met you..I'd been
to follow which was doing nothing sexual until he was eighteen or older and had found a person he liked enough to do it with.
"Why are you?" Castiel countered with, and Dean just shrugged, "Trying to have some quiet before the parents get here." He explained, "I'm not too excited about that."
Dean groaned at the mirror "Charlie you don't get it this guy is super cute I need to stand out!" He knew he was being overdramatic but he'd had a crush on the guy for a while now and seeing him in almost every lecture he had did not make it go away which led his friends into forcing him to just ask Castiel out.
"Setting me on some date"
It's not that he didn't want it..but,
Dean nodded, "I know I just don't care." He sighed, staring at the cigarette between his fingers, "Are you?- a virgin?"
Almost was an undersatment, Dean snuck into Castiel's bedroom on occasion whenever the boy couldn't leave home and he always left unnoticed but on this particular instance Castiel's parents were out and since he wasn't allowed to leave the house after the last time he was caught with Dean the boy snuck in and they spent their time watching tv and cuddling in Castiel's bed, they didn't hear the car pull up but thankfully Dean heard footsteps nearing the door and thought fast.
"Oh, fuck."
He waved awkwardly to the doorman and he chuckled letting Dean go out and into his car, "Interesting night boss?" He teased, noticing Dean's wrinkled suit and messy bed hair. Dean sighed, slouching into his seat, surprised by the lack of pain in his ass -probably due to Castiel's careful prep job "Not in the mood Arthur..so not in the mood." Ketch laughed but dropped the subject, "Can we stop and get some coffee please?- preferably laced with aspirin?"
Castiel was still speechless, he had so many questions the biggest being 'why did you do that?' But he kept his mouth shut and the questions to himself, but then an idea came to him- he was curious what if he?..what if..
"And I don't know why."
Sam smiled, "I know I told you that my..
Castiel didn't respond and instead sat the beer down next to his towel on the chair, Dean was heading towards the diving board, and Castiel watched as he expertly positioned himself before taking a dive. He knew that Dean was a good swimmer but he'd never really seen the swim captain in water up close only on videos that his friend Charlie showed him.
Sam ground his teeth and squeezed his phone strongly in his hand, trying hard to resist throwing it across the room, Gabriel had hung up on him and he was furious, he wasn't gay- he..he just wasn't, he couldn't be- he liked girls, but yeah maybe he enjoyed being around Gabriel more than he did his own girlfriend but that didn't mean he liked dick.
Castiel woke gasping slightly, he'd been surrounded by water..drowning in it, but then Dean was there pulling him up as his eyes shot open and he realised he was in a bed but still gasping for air..for
Cas ducked his head "Not exactly" Dean placed his hands on Cas waist, awkwardly pulling him in a little, Cas' eyes were wide and he gulped nervously, his stomach was in knots and suddenly he was pushing Dean's hands off him "I can't do this"
"A blowjob."
"We can all go Dean, we'll get a nice apartment near a school for Sam, just the three of us." Dean laughed out, Castiel sounded too crazy to be serious. The idea didn't sound real to Dean, moving to L.A?- he'd never been anywhere but Lawrence..how could he leave? "You're crazy."
"The Langham, my bags are already on the way."
Cas had thought but didn't say
Dean laughed and finally looked away from her "Anna this is Castiel my date."
Castiel snickered, "Yeah well that would be useless, I don't think you've ever had manners."
Sam pulled away, wiping his tears, "Man I'm such an ass I didn't even ask how your date with Cas went." Dean blushed immediately, "It went fine- great even, we really clicked." Hearing that seemed to cheer Sam up a bit "Really?- that's great."
His mother gasped "Sam!- how could Dean being gone possibly be his fault?"
"Where's your car?"
Castiel nodded, "I'll make sure the doorman let's you up."
As they walked back to Dean's car he suggested they keep the night going but since his place was being freeloaded Castiel was happy to lend his and they drove to his apartment building. Castiel wasn't going to lie he felt weird when Dean said he was bisexual, it made him uncomfortable and a little less interested but Dean was nice and funny and extremely attractive and he wanted Castiel, so he let it slide.
Anyways enjoy this chapter!
Sam laughed over the phone
should
After that they'd see each other in the halls but never come up to one another, the tension was very much there but neither of them wanted to do anything about it, thankfully weeks passed, being uneventful and after graduation came around and they were going their separate ways.
Sam nodded, "But I got scared and I acted like it mean't nothing when it mean't everything..I went through so many girls and none of them came close to being you. And I thought if we hooked up once in a while I could get it out of my system but..that was just selfish and so beyond wrong..Gabriel I did things with you that you should have being doing with someone who was able to love you back, and not be afraid- I mean Kali-"
Dean couldn't help laughing again "Okay well no fancy forks or knives, you just gotta dig in with your hands." He hesitated "I'm warning you, this will not be pretty." Then he dug into the juicy burger with no shame as he let out a heavy moan and Cas didn't know why but he felt jealous that he wasn't the the one to make Dean moan like that.
"I know this isn't your usual top shelf whisky but you can't have one of Dean Winchester's infamous burgers without a good old fashioned beer." He expertly popped the caps and gave one to Cas who took a sip, frowning at the bottle "And you..like the taste?"
It wasn't a hard job just boring, that's what is life was, flying out every week to make business deals, he had a very limited circle of friends because in his experience people just want to take advantage of you and most of the time they only see the money
"It's fine," He gave Castiel a look "Why are you out here so late?"
"Well I..forgive you and I think we can try again. No judgement."
Cas looked down at him confused, "Um first of all this shirt is amazing-"
"Why did you propose to him?"
"Hey, you deserve it"
Dean snapped his fingers at him, "My thoughts exactly."
Both men looked up to see Charlie, Gabriel and Sam at the stairs watching, "Gabriel!- you were supposed to be quiet!" Charlie chastised, "What the hell guys!- I said stay in the room!- and how the hell is Charlie here?!"
"..I guess you're right, I mean the date itself was great..God it was awesome, but Cas..he just wasn't who I thought he was."
to be children Cassie" He shot a glance at his brother who was comfortably laying on his bed, clad in black sweatpants and a grey t-shirt watching Orange is the new Black, "Are you going to help at all?- I mean this is your date"
Gabriel nodded into Castiel's shoulder "I missed you too"
"My sisters probably, she's not far and it won't take long for me to pack up, maybe a day or two."
"That's unfortunate."
He felt something in the back pocket of his pants and frowned, reaching to pull whatever it was from it. He brought it before his eyes and he smiled shortly, how could he have forgotten his most important accessory in his back pocket?
swearing he wasn't
"Of course, if you guys are really serious about giving it a chance I'm all for it."
He threw up his hands in surrender "Fine..I'm going."
Gabriel gave a filthy smirk
Making breakfast for him and Sammy in the morning, no sneaking around, no overly protective parents or abusive father. Just the two of them (add Sammy he guessed) "I'm not saying no," Dean said finally with a sigh, "but we have to think about it-
"Bisexual- you like both, guys girls around that spectrum or homoflexible, you're mostly into guys but you'd go straight for a girl if you really wanted to"
family to get here- not to mention go over the rehearsal dinner tomorrow night with all the other guests who are arriving." Gabriel stressed, though calmly "You promised you'd help- y'know because you're the
"Hey it was completely consensual alright?" Dean sighed, "I mean I guess..it mean't more to him than it did me." He winced at his old highschool memories "I wasn't a great kid then, and Cas called me out on it. We'd only hung out that one time but it was still a nice night."
Sam nodded in understanding, "What about Jess?" Dean asked, "She's moving out right now..I didn't want to rush her so I came here."
"And we're here why?"
He sighed, "For three years it was great but then he had to leave for another tour in Afghanistan and a few weeks later I found out that he'd died.."
"Yeah we did." Dean argued back and Castiel's lips quirked at the side "And you do remember."
He picked out a navy blue blazer under a white dress shirt that he tucked into his dress pants of the same color, and his most comfortable dress shoes though with how uncomfortable all dress shoes were it didn't really make a difference.
Castiel chuckled "No- Sam is convincing but he's not that convincing, he's been trying to set me up for a while I just didn't know it'd be with his brother." He explained "I'm not very interested in the world of sports, but I will try anything once."
He kept thinking about the whole locked in the closet debacle and how he offered to kiss Cas to get them out of it- he told himself it was just to get them out of there but deep down he knew he wanted to kiss Cas for his own selfish reasons
"I told you I was going to the pool." Dean said back trying to keep his breathing neutral as he spoke to his brother, "I forgot, I was looking all over for you."
"Yes he is attractive but that's not what I'm looking for"
Charlie stood from Dean's bed with a sigh of relief and the smile had returned to her face, "Thank god now c'mon you don't want to be late."
, I conditioned myself so..
Dean blinked once at Charlie who was glaring every so slightly before turning to blink at the mirror..okay, maybe he was stalling and maybe the fitting dark blue pants, black shirt and short sleeved denim jacket did look..
, "This is going to be fun
Dean hesitated at first but nodded, "Yeah sure," He let Castiel light his smoke and they both layed silently on their respective pool chairs staring up at the sun.
Sam nodded "That's right- you don't know- he called Dean a fag and threatened to send him to some camp where they would 'fix him'- I should've known this would happen"
Making his way to the front of the house he knocked on the door, and Meg swung it open, "Oh- c'mon!" She exclaimed laughing at the fact Cas had really climed out the window to avoid kissing Dean
"Woah, Sam and Jack really went all out"
Dean turned his head "Huh?- what Sammy?" Sam rolled his eyes, Dean was so damn difficult "Gabriel's brother."
my actual first time to be with you, somebody I loved and trusted"
"The hell if you aren't" John said firmly "You're going and that's final"
"Dean can you do me another favor?"
Dean hummed softly "We should," Kiss, "Probably," kiss, "Talk, about." kiss "This."
Cas agreed, though he never thought it would result in Dean spinning the bottle and it landing on his bored ass looking like he'd rather be anywhere else
"..Yes?"
"Come in!" Sam allowed and Dean took a moment before he entered "Hey" His gruff voice said, and Sam looked up from his laptop "Hey- what's up"
"Well you date around.
His boyfriend spasamed on his cock and shot his load all over his stomach, Dean reached over the drawers and grabbed Cas' favourite sliver plug with a blue jewel at the end exchanging his cock for the plug
Castiel flushed, managing a shrug "I don't know." Dean sighed, maybe he didn't think about their kiss often but when he did he liked to imagine what would've happened if Sam never interrupted, "I guess I'm good at understanding people."
"It's eight you said we'd-"
Dean rolled his eyes, he loved his friend but to hell with the blatant biphobia- it was so ten years ago
Castiel followed Dean out and found him on the patio pacing slightly as he tried to calm, "Dean-"
"I spilled hot coffee on him."
Dean couldn't help but feel relieved that his mom seemed to accept him "Yeah it was" He looked at his brother "Sammy?"
He used his thumb to open the penthouse door, letting the two of them in, he closed the door and Dean had to do a double take, "Damn." the place was bigger than his own apartment- granted he liked his space, it was perfect for him "Nice place."
"Really, you wanted me to be your first?"
, I know I don't deserve it but let me explain."
Dean rolled his eyes and reached for the pack of cigarettes and the lighter that he kept next to them, pulling one out and putting it between his lips and pressing his thumb to the lighter, catching it on the end of his cigarette, "Y'know you really shouldn't smoke so much."
"Don't smile like that" Dean said to him "-And thanks Sam"
Dean shrugged "I guess we're both a couple of dumbasses then, huh?" Cas wrinkled his nose "I prefer 'scaredy cats' less
Gabriel grimaced, "Gross." He muttered "But!- on a lighter topic what do you guys think about pride this year because I know Charlie is definitely in."
He fixed his hair one last time before heading out his bedroom to get Cas
"..I don't know, I've been thinking about it but we're good friends I don't want to ruin that"
Sam rolled his eyes, "Whatever Jerk." They headed outside through the back door and Dean led Castiel to the pool area, "I'll be right back." He said and came back with two beers, a pack of cigarettes and two towels, handing one beer to Castiel "Oh I don't drink."
"Yup you heard it here first, Castiel Novak is biphobe."
Cas didn't hesitate "Never"
and went to get popcorn" Gabriel flushed "..Shut up" He grumbled and Sam kissed the pout off his lips
"Yeah"
"Mostly yes."
Dean blinked taken back "Really?"
When they entered both men were not expecting what they had seen, the place was very cleaned up
why."
"I do." Castiel accepted the rose with small smile, "But showing up at ten pm and climbing through my window is special?"
