Gabriel’s voice was deadly quiet. “Use that word again in my hearing and you’ll regret ever setting eyes on my brother.” Castiel glanced at his brother and found his face icy calm. Castiel flinched.
Cas blinked valiantly against the tears that so clearly wanted to fall and pulled his hand away. His jaw set in that way Dean recognized. For a second Dean thought he might actually choke on the shame that look sent coursing through his blood. It was the same way Cas looked at Raphael. Disgust.
“For what? Gabe asked, glancing back over his shoulder with one hand on the light switch and one hand on the doorknob.
Then, between one blink and the next Mr. Rigby was flat on the floor, Dean’s elbow in the middle of his back and one arm wrenched up behind him. He was screaming, vicious, vile threats pouring out of his mouth like vomit. Donald Finnerman stood stock still, eyes wide and shocked.
Sam vividly remembered Dean sitting across a chipped formica table in some flea-bag motel making a stolen dinosaur toy talk in a funny voice to convince him to eat the hideously stale cheerios that were the only food they had left. His smile had been so bright. So false. And Sam had hated his brother for lying to him, for pretending everything was going to be ok when neither of them had any idea when John was coming back, if he did at all. And it never got better. As Sam got older and bigger and plenty capable of looking after himself John had just come down harder on Dean, like it was his fault he was letting Sam grow up.
Castiel turned to find Dean striding across the garage with a massive grin on his face. He stopped a couple feet away, shifting restlessly from foot to foot.
“We were just heading in anyway.” Lisa interrupted, carefully unloading the shotgun and putting the unused shells in her pocket. Ben rolled his eyes.
After a moment Raphael grinned, his wide square teeth flashing like a promise. “Alright, goth kid. We’ll go with your answer for now.” He said pleasantly, spinning in his seat just as Mrs. Powell came through the door. Castiel wasn’t sure if her imminent arrival had stalled Raphael’s response but either way he was glad to be through with that conversation. It was like talking to particularly vicious and undersocialized monkeys.
“Father gave Lucifer a similar one when he was accepted to law school.” Cas informed them all. They all stared at the pen for another minute. What the hell was this supposed to mean? Dean was not super thrilled to find out Lucifer was giving Sam important milestone father gifts.
“A hideout. Carefully warded from angels, demons, and all manner of supernatural creature. It’s far more sophisticated than anything I’ve ever seen, but whatever magic guards it is fading fast. I believe that whatever this creature is, it’s hiding there.”
Dean snorted. Even when Sammy wasn’t there he was the one turning shit mushy. “Yeah? Well what am I hoping for, that this guy they found is my Dad?”
to hucking this thing at his face.” He waved his turkey leg over his head, scattering bits of skin and gristle.
“You’ll still be better than half the kids here, I’m sure.” Jo guessed. “Most of them are just D&D enthusiasts who got carried away.”
Dean ground his teeth. He needed a fucking drink. Right on cue, Sam produced a beer from beside his chair, cracking it open and handing it over without a word. Dean stared at it, trying not to think about what it meant. Sam had it ready. Sam knew Dean would need it. Dean closed his eyes, counted to ten like Tessa had taught Sam, and opened them again. Then, very deliberately, he set the beer on the floor.
“Fuck, Cas.” It seemed like those were the only words his brain was actually capable of making. Luckily, Cas wasn’t doing much better. He groaned as he clawed at Dean’s hips. His teeth worried at Dean’s neck, his shoulders flexing under Dean’s hands.
Dean snorted. Cas immediately dropped Dean and Lisa’s hands and marched to the door to begin checking Bobby’s sigils. The old hunter himself was standing from behind the massive stacks of books that covered his old desk, looking as shabby and sharp-tongued as ever. He rounded the desk, not bothering with greetings until he’d wrapped Dean in a bear-hug.
“So let’s go!” Dean leapt forward, ready for once to let Cas whisk him wherever he wanted. Wait for me, Sammy! He thought, his eyes already closed in preparation.
The weekend was over almost before it began and Castiel found himself anxiously awaiting lunch period on Monday. He had picked out the pastries for his lunch himself today, hoping Jo, Alfie, and Sam would enjoy his selections. In his box were a double fudge brownie for Sam, a pair of feather-light macaroons for Jo, and a stack of delicate almond lace cookies for Alfie. He hoped they would survive the day in his locker without being crushed. So long as his books didn’t fall on them they should be just fine.
Dean blinked. What was that supposed to mean? Well, after the day he’d had Cas deserved an honest answer, not the dodge Dean might have tried any other time. “Yeah, Cas. I love my dad.”
“Right.” Dean nodded, wondering what he was supposed to do with that. He wasn’t even entirely sure what a paralegal was, just that you could get your degree through one of those online courses they always advertised at two a.m. Lorri didn’t seem to mind his total lack of conversational skills, though. She seemed a lot more interested in his body than his brain. The way her eyes lingered on his broad shoulders, his mouth when he smiled, it was a look he had seen before. A look that said talking was the last thing on her mind.
“Yes. You’ve cost my son his scholarship and endangered his place at his college in the fall.” Finnerman explained, his tone soft and controlled, as if he were explaining something simple to a child. “He will have to complete summer school if you choose to continue with this lie.”
“No, it isn’t.” Cas’s grumpy frown was just fuel for the fire. Dean gulped down another round of relieved giggles and stroked his thumb over Cas’s knee.
Sam grunted. “I get it.” As he unbuckled the jacket, Cas wondered if he did. Sam was doing same thing, really. Perhaps he had a better excuse for his guilt. He had never readily aligned himself with that cretin like Amelia had. Still, Cas could not accept anyone taking credit for their behavior but those four hooligans themselves.
“Couch.” Dean hissed, tugging Cas along in an uncoordinated shuffle. He tried to pull back, probably to give Cas room to sit down, but Cas was having none of it. He just collapsed backward, dragging Dean down with him and getting a startled curse in return. It was awkward and painful where Dean’s knee jabbed into his thigh and his teeth smacked against Cas’s chin, but after a bit of squirming and as little space as possible Cas ended up with Dean hovering on top of him, one leg between Cas’s thighs and his belly pressing Cas down into the cushions.
“No, no, Talia, really, I’m ok!” She waved at Dean, her face pinched with stress. “No, Talia. No. I’m fine. Ben’s fine. We were not
“Look, man, you don’t have to talk about this if you don’t want.” Sam back-pedalled. “I know it’s a sore spot and everything.”
“Pro tip, Cas:” he growled, “don’t mention a guy’s little brother when you’ve got your hand down the back of his pants.”
“Someone dumb enough to summon her?” Sam guessed, sharing a glance with Cas. The angel pursed his lips but just listened.
“Dean.” She repeated in the same tone she used when Ben was sick or hurt. “Do you remember saving our lives? Do you remember rolling up like a thunderstorm and killing that… monster?” she had never quite been able to give changelings their real names. “Do you remember giving me my son back?”
To make up for the very long break between posts I have decided to gift the readers with some smutty goodness. Not a ton of plot but I hope it’s worth the wait anyway. More coming very soon. Enjoy!
Finally, when they had a stack of stuff for Cas to try Dean led him to the dressing rooms and told him what to do. While he was waiting for Cas to change he smiled and thought of Charlie and her fashion montage. She’d get a kick out of all this. He’d have to give her a call and check in soon. Make sure she hadn’t gotten herself hired by any megalomaniacal monsters lately.
Just as the sun finally disappeared completely and he was about to get up to start turning some lights on Cas’s phone vibrated violently in his pocket. He started, pulling it out to flick open the screen.
“Oh really? You weren’t making that gooey face just now talking about your new nickname Dean gave you?”
Sam looked dubious but nodded anyway. “Okay. Call me later, if you want.” He offered. Castiel nodded and to Sam’s surprise pulled the taller boy in for a hug.
“Ok, if we’re done getting all mushy and shit I’m going to kiss you some more.” Dean told him, pressing his thigh between Castiel’s. Cas smiled against Dean, their teeth clicking. For a few blissful minutes he enjoyed that sharpened sense of the world that came with Dean’s nearness. He revelled in the smooth skin beneath his palms as he dipped his hands under Dean’s t-shirt, the soft shiver of Dean’s eyelashes against his cheekbone. A gentle push and Cas was opening to Dean, his tongue tentatively stroking Dean’s more confident one as it led him through the motions.
She raised her hands to his face, cradling his sunken cheeks in her tiny palms. Something was happening, Dean could feel it. It was like goosebumps, or an itch buried deep under his skin. A static charge in the air. Slowly, Gabriel looked up at her eighty-forth vessel and he looked down at her.
“Castiel,” Sam said, finally swallowing his massive bite, “this is Alfie. He’s captain of the fencing team.”
“Do you need any extra personnel over the holiday?” Gabriel asked, stretching until his back popped.
“You didn’t do that?” Cas blinked, looking mildly alarmed. If Dean could have scraped together enough braincells to be worried then that look on Cas’s face would have done it.
“Alright, you idjits had better get out of here while you can.” Bobby told them, slamming the hood on an ancient pickup. “This dinosaur ain’t going anywhere until tomorrow, at least, and I got a feeling if I keep you any longer I’m gonna have to hose you two down.” Cas blushed but Dean grinned. “G’won, get.” The old mechanic shooed them towards the back, flapping his cap at them with a barely concealed smile.
He blinked up at Dean and watched the fear in his face get stronger. Before it could take hold and push Dean away from him Cas gripped his head and pulled him in for a fevered kiss.
Cas’s hand had slowed to a stop. Dean tilted his head, pressing back into Cas’s palm again in a not-so-subtle hint that Cas keep up the head massage thing. It felt awesome.
Lucifer nodded but looked away, ostensibly to inspect Bobby’s office furnishings, but Cas recognized the tiny twitch of his pinkie. It was one of Lucifer’s only tells, and as it wobbled back and forth Castiel realized his brother was just as nervous as he was.
Dean collapsed back in his chair, grinning. The relief nearly choked him and for the first time in days a knot between his shoulders loosened. “Awesome. Had me frigging worried, man.”
A hand pressed to his back, flat between his shoulder blades. Shoving him forward, into something warm and solid. The smell of sweat and cheap shampoo, motor oil and metal. All around him. Skin hot, hot against him. His own heartbeat in his ears, fast and deafening. A hand pressed into his hip, salt on his tongue.
Gabriel glanced at him, surprised. A moment of studying Cas’s face and he let out a sigh. “You’re picking up some shocking bad habits, little bro. Since when do you eavesdrop?”
Cas smiled. “I am going to get changed now. I think you might want to leave for this part.” Castiel would much rather Dean stayed - the idea of Dean’s eyes on his skin was electrifying - but perhaps he had teased them both enough for now.
He was about halfway up the stairs when he heard a reedy female voice twittering prettily over a piano tune.
Cas giggled nervously, edging closer to the door to avoid throwing himself bodily towards Dean. After all those sounds he’d made over lunch yesterday, the way he’d tossed his head back at the first bite, the smooth drag of his tongue across his lip as he caught a stray bit of onion… Cas had nearly had to excuse himself to hide how incredibly alluring he found a sandwich-stricken Dean. And now he was inches away,
“And I feel his wife should have known something was wrong sooner and attempted to remove her family from the property. She seemed to spend far too much time screaming and not enough time doing anything useful.”
He could practically feel the malicious glee leaking out of Finnerman’s pores. “It’s pathetic, the way he follows you around, practically drooling for cock all day.” Dean pushed on and imagined Raphael’s teeth falling out one by one. “I always knew you’d fuck just about anything with a cunt,” the asshole continued, “but it looks like you’ve broadened your horizons to anything with a pulse now, hu?”
“Hey there, Deany-bear.” Ash crowed in a voice entirely too loud for hungover human ears. Grinning, he slung his arm around Dean’s neck and savagely ground his knuckles against his scalp. “Good to see you decided to show.”
“Glad to know it.” Nikki said, stepping forward with a wide smile. “I’m Nikki.” This girl really seemed fond of a good hand-shake.
Sam sighed. “Lilith.” He said quietly, picking up a cooking and crumbling the edge off into his fingers. “Ruby… Lilith’s all Ruby really has anymore. It’s a fucked up relationship, and Ruby would definitely be better off without her, but she asked me not to give Lilith up if we ever got in trouble over the drugs. She told me to always say I got the drugs from her, that I didn’t know who her dealer was. So when the cops asked me I said they were Ruby’s.”
“Deep breath.” He advised, patting Cas’s shoulder and inhaling with him. Cas hadn’t realized how close he was to hyperventilating. “In through the nose, out through the mouth. Got it?”
“Why?” Dean asked. Cas felt a soft swell of pride that Dean wasn’t running from this, was willing to stand here and speak about emotions and fears candidly. He wondered if it was easier for Dean when they were touching, too.
“We sat in those stupid chairs for a few hours. Waiting. I called Dad a few more times. Stupid. Just hoping. They wouldn’t tell us anything. And then he came out of surgery and they weren’t going to let me see him til they’d talked to him. And I flipped out all over again. Just started yelling. Telling them that was illegal, that he was a minor and I was his guardian - Bobby’d helped me with the papers as soon as I turned 18. Bobby was yelling too. The cop I’d punched was trying to reason with them. And then over all that I heard him.”
Of freaking course she could. Because that was the way it went. It didn’t rain, it fucking poured. Dean cast a desperate look at Cas, begging him to disagree, but the angel just looked thoughtful.
He remembered, years and years before, at a church in a town whose name he couldn’t remember, standing and speaking to the congregation with other children. He had memorised a bit of scripture, watched their eyes as he said the words. Afterwards a woman with deep lines carved in her face had come to tell him how well he’d done, that he was a little angel. It was a compliment he’d received more than once, through all his different schools and churches and lives. It was one that made his father’s chin tilt with pride. In Connecticut he had been what he was supposed to be, what his family expected. What his world expected. He had been dutiful and kind, giving and responsible. But that was all he’d been. An angel. He’d never been a friend. He’d never been a true brother. He’d never loved someone or really laughed with someone - not since Gabriel had left. And yet here, in Lawrence, he was all those things and more. Of course he was still a target, still different. He was still awkward and strange and serious and alien. But he was loved. He was wanted. He was free. Here he was alive in a way angels would never be.
Rigby blinked, looking from Kennedy’s ruddy face to Raphael’s suddenly blank one. “He’s gotta pay for-“
“Seriously, Cas. Are you ok?” Sam’s eyes bled concern and Cas sighed, rubbing at his temple and the sudden headache that had wormed its way past the bunny ears.
Cas and Sam climbed into Jo’s little ford and followed a little ways behind, Cas relating all he’d heard in the kitchen.
“What’s wrong?” Cas asked immediately, half standing as if ready to leap to his friend’s defence. Sam looked up, too, his scissors pausing in their careful track.
He snorted and Bobby laughed. Another thing to love about Lisa, her ability to laugh at his ridiculous bullshit. “Yeah. Well. I had help.”
“Sounds good.” Dean agreed, his chair scraping along the floor as he stood. “Tell Gabe he’s an asshole for me.” In truth he’d have preferred Sam stay for a while, if only so Dean could keep an eye on him. But part of them getting their lives back on track was him learning to trust Sam again, and that wasn’t going to happen if he never gave Sam the chance to prove he deserved it. Besides, Jo and Gabe would keep their eyes on him nearly as closely as Dean would, so how much trouble could the kid really get himself into? Dean shuddered and tried not to think about how much he didn’t want that question answered.
“Oh Jesus Christ.” Gabe cried and Castiel heard a thump as he struck the counter with one fist. “First of all, this isn’t the fucking fifties. It’s not a lifestyle choice to be gay. Secondly, they can be uncomfortable all they like, but that doesn’t mean they can come after him like a fucking mob with pitchforks and torches and spray-paint slurs across his locker with impunity. You act like he put up a ten-foot sign that said ‘I heart cocks’ or something. And even if he did, who the fuck cares? All he did was tell a girl he wasn’t interested in her because he’s gay. Call the fucking pope, society’s going down the toilet!”
“Fine.” Sam smiled, settling down in his seat with his mug on the armrest. Cas didn’t believe him. He’d been nearly frightening when he’d seen Cas’s injuries on Monday, and this morning Cas had actually watched his heart break when he’d seen the word scrawled across Cas’s locker. Before he could press the subject Sam lifted one long leg and slammed his foot down on the end of the futon, making the whole thing jump.
“This is all fascinating and earth-shaking and all that, but why should we give a damn?” Dean demanded.
Just as he was settling back in his chair with a fresh cup of hot water with lemon the front door slammed open, sending the cheerful little bell flying off its bracket. In a cloud of fury Mr. Rigby and Donald Finnerman stalked across the floor towards them, Mr. Rigby’s eyes red with rage and fists clenched at his sides.
“Heys, Lucy.” He managed in an almost normal tone. He reminded himself that Lucifer hadn’t heard his voice in ten years so he wouldn’t know what the hell sounded normal anymore. “What’s shakin’?”
“I was cruising the South China Sea and I felt it to the West.” He said, keeping his eyes locked on Castiel. There was no hint of a lie that Castiel could detect, yet somehow he knew that Balthazar had sensed his deception and was playing along. “Nearly knocked me out of the sky.”
“Problem, gentlemen?” Principle Shurley’s mild voice cut across the impending violence. He materialized at Raphael’s elbow out of nowhere, his pleasant smile edged with steely intent. Raphael deflated slightly, dropping his arms to his sides and flashing a winning smile.
Cas straightened, his face blanking completely. If Dean hadn’t been so goddamn angry he would have winced. “I would like you to leave now, Dean.” Cas said in a perfectly level voice.
“I thought you said his brother died?” Ben asked helpfully, his eyes still rivited on Cas. Apparently strange dudes painting blood magic was the equivalent of the superbowl to this kid. Dean smothered the twisted grin that threatened to make an appearance and rubbed the back of his neck.
Halloween fell on a Saturday this year and as he did every year Gabriel had decided to take the opportunity to deck the store out for a massive, day-long party. Long after Cas had given up and gone to bed Gabriel had been downstairs transforming his warm, welcoming shop into a bizarre combination of sylvan and sinister. Five birch saplings occupied the spaces between tables, reaching all the way to the ceiling and casting odd shadows across the armchairs. Around their bases crowded mouldering styrofoam bones, arranged to look like their owners might have been trying to crawl to safety before they died. Tablecloths of tea-stained lace (Cas knew that detail because he had been the one to fill the bathtub with hot water and a hundred and fifty tea bags three days earlier) leant the place a creepy victorian feel and Gabriel’s thrift-store finds of old mismatched candelabras, lanterns, half-rotted books and a large brass birdcage served as centrepieces along with hundreds of blackening roses. Fake crows peered down from atop all the window sills and curtain rails with beady black eyes. Real tree branches reached skeletal twigs down just above head-height and had been liberally dusted with fake cobwebs and Spanish moss. A few huge jewelled silver spiders were strategically placed amid the foliage so that they looked to be watching anyone who passed below, waiting to pounce.
“We thought the Archangels had killed them all.” Said Ganem. “That’s what the church had believed for hundreds of years. But there were whispers that perhaps one or two had survived. A number of our order investigated the possibility in the 1850s but the research was abandoned with the outbreak of the American Civil War. Each time someone attempted to return to it, another war broke out. I often wonder if perhaps it was the work of demons, creating distractions large enough to ensure we had to set that line of inquiry aside…” he drifted off, his eyes going glassy again. Sam cleared his throat and Ganem shook himself.
Dean sighed, shifting his weight back onto his heel and shoving his hands in his pockets. “Look I… I know this is shitty. I know I’ve dragged you into this and put you and Ben in the crosshairs. And I’m sorry.” He looked up, begging her to believe him. “I’m so sorry. But… I can’t let this one slide. Cas and I have got to take care of this. And if it’s coming after me - and they always come after me - I can’t let you two get hurt because of it.”
“I’ve never known a man to turn down a naughty coupon book.” She winked, emptying her tray into the nearly empty basket.
“Dean.” Castiel admonished sharply. As much as he needed to hear what Dean had to say he wasn’t about to let him abuse himself like that. “You are not a loser.”
For a second Dean wondered if her spell - it sounded like a spell, anyway - was a dud until he felt the bridge shudder.
Mr. Rigby whipped out an accusatory finger, pointing it at Cas. “That little faggot got my son expelled!” he shouted.
“Toothpick’s been keeping you company all week and now he’s back to the hallowed halls of academia, leaving you here in the muck with us plebs.” Ash grinned.
Another two seconds of silence. “That’s all.” Lucifer agreed. “I will be in town for a few more days. If you would like to speak to me… it would be good to see you, little brother.”
Dean squeaked as suddenly there was a hand on his cock. Just a quick squeeze - torture, torture, torture - before Cas sat back, practically throwing Dean away from him. Dean windmilled and landed on his butt, a laugh startled out of him as he took in his boyfriend’s epic pout. God he wanted to suck on that bottom lip for a while longer, but he knew he’d reached his limit.
“Dean?” He turned to find Lisa in the doorway, a sleepy sort of alarm written on her face. One hand held the edges of her pale lavender robe together while the other held a gun. It was the little glock Dean had given her for her birthday, loaded with silver bullets tipped with devils traps. Because that’s the sort of thing a guy gets his maybe-girlfriend/landlady for her birthday, right?
So this is already more challenging than I was ready for. The schedule is definitely affecting chapter quality already and I haven't had time to do ANY editing, but here is the official chapter 1 of the 30DOTPC. Enjoy! Feedback is life!
Dean’s stubbled cheek scraped against his own, his bottom lip just catching the lobe of Castiel’s ear. Cas jerked hard as Dean took the soft flesh between his lips, a hot tongue darting out to taste. A tiny sound slipped from him, hardly audible, but he felt Dean’s mouth curl into a smile.
Sam like some fucked up hunting dog. “And I admit I’m somewhat on the fence.” She said, looking him up and down. “What exactly are you?”
Dean knew his point was solid. Cas’s normal holy tax accountant get up had been totally shredded even before the ride down the river. Since Sam’s clothes swamped him and Kevin’s jeans left him with about four inches of bare ankle showing Cas had been borrowing Dean’s clothes. They were a decent fit but he’d needed to cinche the waist of the scuffed jeans he was borrowing pretty significantly with one of Kevin’s belts. Dean would admit he got a kick out of seeing Cas wandering around the bunker in one of his old band tees and a too-big flannel, but he chose not to examine that too closely.
They were nearly at the end of the hour for which they’d reserved the gym and Castiel felt a pinpoint headache starting behind his left eye. It was strange to think that up until a few days ago this is how he had felt whenever he was forced to spend more than an hour or two in anyone’s company. Now he had four people (five if he included Gabriel) with whom he could spend hours and not feel the aching pressure of exhaustion coiled around his shoulders.
Cas jumped. “Hm? Oh, yes. I’m fine.” He said quickly, stuffing his straw in his mouth and looking away.
“Well. Since I seem to have been beaten at my own game I propose a toast.” He said, smoothing his dark tie. He waited until everyone had raised their glasses and bottles, Castiel’s finger shaking around his water glass. “To Castiel, perhaps the only one for whom these people would put up with me at my worst.”
“How the hell did you make it seventeen years without punching that guy in the throat?” Dean growled, crowding Cas up against the counter. Castiel’s heart-rate tripled as Dean shoved his nose into the corner of his jaw, inhaling deeply as if Cas’s scent might give him strength.
But Dean couldn’t shake the split-second after his vision had cleared, when he sat up from that filthy floor and thought he saw a dark figure standing in the corner, the flash of an ebony cane horrifyingly familiar. But then he’d blinked and it was gone.
The buzz of his new phone in his coat pocket was still a foreign feeling. It jolted him out of head and back into his skin. He peeled off his gloves and hat and unwrapped his scarf from around his neck. He dug his hand into his pocket and pulled out the sleek device, recalling that he had to touch the screen.
Dean smiled too. “For someone who doesn’t think he’s good a friendship he sure comes out with some real gold, hu?”
Grace relaxed finally, probably putting his tension down to excitement at finding a long-lost family member. “One sugar, splash of milk.” She whispered back.
“Ah, young love.” Gabriel tossed his controller onto the other end of the couch and stretched, scratching at his belly where his shirt rode up. “You need a ride?” he asked.
“Maybe for when you’re trying to blend in, but you can have some stuff just for yourself. When you’re relaxing and shit.” Cas didn’t look convinced but Dean added the sweater to his “try on” pile anyway.
“Someone wanna fill me in on just what’s going on here?” Jo demanded, annoyed. Castiel was equally confused and looked between Lucifer and Gabriel.
“I don’t want to lie to Dean about this kind of stuff. That’s… that’s kind of part of the deal.” Sam murmured.
And with that he blinked out, leaving Dean alone in the cool summer night. “You still suck at goodbyes, man.” He grumbled, pushing himself upright and climbing back into the car.
Finnerman twitched, snapping his weakened bluster back to Gabriel. “Keep your brother away from my son or I’ll be filing a restraining order. Got it, Novak?”
He caught his bottom lip in his teeth as he brushed his thumb across the head, picturing blond hair tossing across his pillow. Or maybe brown hair. He’d always liked brunettes better anyway. Yeah, dark, dark hair against her pale skin, and blue eyes. Had she had blue eyes? Carol or whatever her name was? He couldn’t remember. Well, fuck it, she had blue eyes now.
“Just admiring my handiwork.” He said, jogging over to unlock the car. He slid onto the leather bench seat, grinning as it squeaked against his jeans.
Castiel smirked. “It is a unicursal hexagram. It’s used in many more complicated designs, a glyph of protection which you overlay with more intricate symbols. I believe it was configured to keep the barn where we met in one piece when a powerful being was summoned inside.”
“I ran to find Ruby, and she wasn’t home. I couldn’t find her. I didn’t know what to do. So I called Lilith, got some coke, and took all of it. And suddenly I felt like I was in control again, or at least in control of being out of control. So I went home. Dean was there. It was the first time he’d seen me coked out.” Sam’s frown trembled and Cas wondered if he were holding back tears. “He went nuts. I was too high to remember much of what we screamed at each other but I remember telling him I didn’t fucking need him. I took a swing at him and he punched me and I fell on my ass. I got up and laid him out flat. And I just... started laughing. That’s when Ruby showed up.” Castiel tried to imagine Dean raising his hand against his little brother. It was difficult.
He sighed and pressed his palm into one eye. It did no good to think of Dean that way, though often he couldn’t help it. Dean was his friend. Dean just wanted to keep Cas safe. And that should have been enough, that Dean cared about him at all should have been enough. But something about the curve of his shoulder as it braced for attack, the heat of his hand pressed into Cas’s hip steering him behind Dean’s bulk made it impossible for Cas to shake the tingle that raced along his skin.
“Did you enjoy your weekend?” he asked politely. He snapped the teal top off the box and inhaled deeply, a grin spreading unchecked. It was cold, and the grease had congealed slightly around the edges of the burger patty, but he found he couldn’t have cared less as he snatched it up and took an enormous bite.
If he’d had any attention to spare he’d have seen a gentle smile spread across the redhead’s face. “Completely crazy about him.” She murmured.
Cas was contemplating pushing Dean back into the arm of the couch and kissing the smugness out of him when he heard the outer door opening. He jumped up, earning a laugh from Dean as he hurried to unlock the apartment door.
Dean reappeared and his eyes darkened as he saw Cas. With a smile Cas stretched out on the bed, his back bowing as he threw his arms up to grip the headboard and pulled. He dug his heels into the mattress, creating an arch from ankles to fingertips, feeling every muscle pull tight with strain before letting himself drop with a pleased sigh. Dean laughed from the doorway and Cas glanced over to find Dean tugging at his tie. That wouldn’t do. Sitting up Cas scooted to the edge of the bed and reached out, beckoning Dean towards him the same way Dean had him. Dean came willingly, a little smile asking Cas what he was up to. Instead of answering Cas slipped his fingers under the end of Dean’s tie just where it brushed his belt buckle and ran his thumb across the fabric.
Castiel could only stare at him. Finnerman tilted his eyebrows in suggestion but Castiel shook his head. “I’m sorry, I don’t understand you.” He said finally.
In Chucks office all those weeks ago Gabriel had threatened to burn Castiel’s bullies lives to the ground. In the last two weeks he had made good on that promise.
As always, feedback is so very much appreciated and I will try to keep working to get new chapters up as quickly as I can.
“Don’t give me that crap.” Kennedy interrupted, pointing an accusing finger at Raphael. “That’s the shit Raph feeds you to get you to do what he wants. The minute I stopped doing every fucking thing he told me, what happened? He dropped me like fucking sack of shit. He’d drop you, too, the minute you were too much trouble for him to bother with.”
Castiel tilted his head to the side, remembering the hollow feeling of devastation that had crashed into him that night. “He took me in and warmed me up, explained that it had been a joke. I was heartbroken, of course. He didn’t realize I though that Joshua would let me speak to our mother. I’d been counting on it. She died when I was very small.”
He jogged back downstairs to find Cas standing in the kitchen again, his head cocked to the side and his eyes distant.
“Cas.” He said, louder. Cas’s body stilled, a grunt silencing the decidedly more happy noises he’d been making into Dean’s ear. “Morning, Cas.” Dean grinned down as Cas blinked in sleepy confusion.
Oh. Right. Ellen probably wasn’t up to speed. Well, maybe she was? Cas and Sam and them had been practically living in her basement in the run-up to midterms so she’s probably heard all about Dean’s little announcement.
“He…” Castiel swallowed against the tears springing in his eyes. “He doesn’t respect me.” Castiel confided. That was heart of it. That’s what hurt. The idea that Dean had known him, had understood him, or at least cared to try… Castiel hadn’t realized how much he valued that until it was lost. But it had been pity, a need to take care of the lost little child who had shown up and pathetically tailed him around.
They both slipped back in, slamming their doors in unison. Dean carefully guided baby around the dead dog. He tried not to think of the blood splatters he was getting in the wheel wells and failed. Whatever. Baby was a goddamn warrior. She wouldn’t mind. Safely past the corpse of the black dog, Dean kept driving slowly so they would see Cas if he had collapsed off in the ditch. He prayed silently as they passed a sign for Highway 4.
Dean shifted in his seat. There was something really uncomfortable about the idea of a load of angels sitting around some heavenly board room having a conference about every screw-up he’d ever made.
Benny was elbow-deep in a Ford Taurus while Ash lounged near the coffee bar, his mullet frizzed out into a magnificent halo.
in his life to flip out about him being bi. He knew Ash didn’t mean anything by it, that he ribbed Benny just as bad about his girlfriends, but it still hit a tiny sore spot in Dean’s chest when the mechanic poked at him about Cas. Dean Winchester liked an occasional dick, goddamnit, and if anyone wanted to tell him Cas wasn’t worth his time let them damn-well try.
Sam wasn’t stupid. When he was little he’d watched his father and later Dean, chatting and charming their way through difficult situations. Almost as soon as he’d learned to talk he’d learned how to manipulate, and learned from the best. Dean and their dad had been after free stuff, a lucky break, to weasel out of trouble, but Sam had always been a bit craftier about it. He could get secrets. He could get truth. A gentle twist of his eyebrow and a sad half-smile and people would spill their guts. His father had always said Sam could talk the birds out of the trees and he’d been right. That’s why he was captain of the debate team. It was one of the things that would make him an excellent lawyer some day. Trouble was - as Tessa had pointed out - that nobody seemed immune to Sam’s gifts, least of all Sam himself.
“It’s difficult to say.” Cas frowned. “These magics come from a mix of at least a hundred different religions and races. There is fairy magic, Minoan curses, Canaanite and Hebrew protections. There is even Enochian.”
Dean’s features loosened a touch and he scrubbed a hand over his chin. “Yeah. Well, just… Don’t be a dick, Sammy.” He said.
. Missouri had said ‘girls’, plural. Dean frowned. He blamed the ride down the river on his missing that little nugget.
“I am an Angel of the Lord.” Cas supplied helpfully, pacing back into the room with a bottle of dried sage in his hand. He took advantage of Dean’s distraction to casually press his fingers to the hunter’s temple, giving a tiny and unnecessary shove. Dean let out an odd grunt as the cut on his arm healed over and a rush of energy went through him. It had been a while since Cas had whammied him. He’d nearly forgotten how much he hated it. The instant of vertigo, that strange chill through his guts. And there, right on cue, the snap of nausea.
When the final bell rang at last Castiel drooped bonelessly in his seat, exhausted. Jo and Sam would be meeting him at Reynard’s after their respective practices were over and he was glad to have that to look forward to. He gathered his things and headed to his locker. After the incident with the spray paint the custodian had valiantly tried to scrub the metal clean, but his zeal had taken off some of the original paint as well, leaving a shiny imprint of the word “faggot” glimmering across the door. Chuck had promised to see about getting this section repainted, but it would take a bit of shuffling to find money in the budget.
Cas snorted. “When I texted to inform him where I was he said-“ he raised his phone to read directly from the screen, “‘If you’re sober enough to type you’re not doing parties right.’ Then there is a picture of a frowning yellow man blowing steam out his mouth.”
He’d meant it. If Sam had balked, even raised an eyebrow at the idea of Dean dating a man Dean would have chickened out. He’d have laughed it off and buried it so deep it would never see sunlight again. He didn’t care what John thought anymore, would fight his friends with actual fists if he had to, but he couldn’t have stood to disappoint Sam. Not when he’d only gotten him back. He couldn’t lose that tiny shred of respect Sam had somehow held on to for him after all the shit they’d done to each other. It wouldn’t have mattered how much he liked Cas, how much the kid liked him, or how much it would have hurt to push all that aside. If Sam hadn’t been okay with it Dean would have shut it down.
“Me!” called Kevin from the library door. He was holding a stack of papers and had a pen behind each ear. Dean wondered if he realized they were both there.
“The kissing, obviously.” Cas began, staring straight at Dean when anyone else would have looked away. The girls Dean had dated would have lowered their eyes, or turned away and then flashed him a coy look. It would be all eyelashes and sly smiles. But Cas just knelt there above him, straight and tall and so completely honest about it that Dean was struck a little dumb. “I very much enjoy the kissing. And I would like to do more of that as soon as possible.” Dean snorted. Cas brought his hand to Dean’s cheek, confusion flickering across his face. “But kissing you makes me want to do other things, too.”
Sam squirmed, chewing guiltily at the corner of his mouth. “Yeah. Well, then you and Cas had your big blow up and I thought… I thought it best to wait til you calmed down.”
Cas nodded. “We believe Raphael plans to offer both Malachi and myself seemingly reasonable compromises in exchange for our allegiance to him. He seems to feel he has addressed our…concerns with regard to the apocalypse.”
“I know that.” He said. “I do. I just… He’s gone, right? He’s already out of our lives. Has been for a year. More, really. Why should it matter if…?” Dean stopped, the words too cold on his tongue. Of course it
Cas nodded. “He claims that it is the end of days and that allowing the Word to remain unfulfilled is a sin against our father.”
The girl cooed as she scanned their stuff. “That sucks.” She told Cas. “I’m so sorry. Good thing you’ve got your boyfriend looking out for you!” She winked at Dean and he resisted the urge to roll his eyes. He got it all the time with Sammy so he guessed he wasn’t really surprised to get it with Cas, too. They were practically brothers, after all.
Cas sighed. “I’m still trying to figure out how I feel abut the whole thing, I suppose.” He admitted. He had nightmares about that day, more like memories than dreams really. Blood in the snow and the flash of a knife against his skin. Hot fingers around his neck, a cold blade against his face, his hair sticking to the ice and blood clogging his throat. Laying paralyzed and praying this wasn’t the last breath he would take. A whimper curling up from between his teeth like steam into Raphael’s cruel smile.
“Slept alone, you mean.” Benny laughed from his pit. He was doing a major overhaul of some euro-trash sports car for a jackass realtor who’d bought it as a glorified codpiece. “You need to get you some tail, brother. That always puts you back in a chipper mood real quick.”
“The… the books?” he repeated in a dead tone. The look on his face would have been hilarious if Dean hadn’t felt a hole open up in his stomach.
“Well,” said Dean, “after trying to get you to wake up a few morning’s in a row and nearly getting punched in the face for it I’d say you definitely took secret naps as a kid.” Dean laughed. “Number three.” He declared, tilting his chin against Cas’s temple. “I’m gonna guess Anna was not the type to take you out of school for anything.”
Jo whooped and Alfie stared, his fork halfway to his mouth and dripping soggy macaroni. “For real?” he breathed.
It was stupid, to be this caught up in anxiety just for a night out with Dean. He’d spent several nights in the man’s bed, pressed skin-to-skin with him and breathing in his scent. So why should he be so nervous? Why on earth was he practically vibrating as he waited for the rumble of Dean’s car?
“Ah, well.” Ash shrugged, slinging an easy arm over Dean’s shoulder. Dean squinted against the eye-watering beer-breath spewed in his face. “Patience is a virtue, they say. Benny, I’ll go double or nothing that once the Toothpick is legal the kid turns out to be pure as vanilla extract.”
Castiel smiled and sipped his coffee. Gabriel’s return to informality was comforting. “I’m very well.” He assured his brother.
Dean put that particular image out of his mind as he ruffled Ben’s hair. “Good. Here, take your water bottle and get over there before Coach Walker yells at me for making you late again.”
“Who the hell are you?” Dean demanded. He spared a glance for Sam, who was sitting with one foot in the car and one on the road, his sawed-off balanced in the open window and pointed at Curly’s head.
Castiel reached for Gabriel’s hand, clasping it in his own silently. Gabe looked at their tangled fingers, tears spilling over a small smile.
not towards anything. And yet by some divine chance he had managed to find Gabriel again, and with his support to find better friends than he had ever known. Of course Gabriel’s apartment and the bakery below were nowhere near as luxurious as the old house, Lawrence was nowhere near as respected as the private institutions he had grown up attending. But he loved it here. He loved himself here. He had left his father’s house behind and found a home.
They got to the register with a full cart and started loading their stuff on the belt. The little cashier couldn’t have been more than seventeen and her eyes widened at the mountain of clothes.
Dean had been surprised when Lucifer had left Bobby’s office alone, but he hadn’t stormed out or anything Dean hadn’t heard any shouting, nothing being thrown around like there probably would have been if it was him and Sammy in there reuniting. When Lucifer gave him a polite nod on his way out Dean figured maybe Cas just needed a minute to collect himself. After all, it had been months since he’d seen his brother. He was bound to be a little unsteady after he just showed up like that.
“Hannah went for help.” Becky informed them just as Hannah and a mousey young woman Castiel thought he recognized as an art teacher poked their heads in.
And from what Castiel understood Donald Finnerman was on the verge of losing his car dealerships. His son’s arrest and the resulting news articles had flushed his reputation down the metaphorical toilet. The local college’s LGBTQ Alliance had started up a campaign against his business. Other local businesses who had often teamed up on promotions had suddenly deserted him. Gabriel had done some digging in Finnerman’s long list of disgruntled ex-employees and subtly suggested that one or two of them file wrongful terminations suits on the grounds that they had been discriminated agains for gender or sexuality. He also found, through conversations with one of Raphael’s old salesmen, that there were likely to be some rather egregious oversights in the tax records of the dealership. He’d informed Cas in an overly pious tone that he felt duty-bound to inform the IRS about those. Apparently there was a system the IRS employed where those who reported tax fraud were due a bounty when the money was collected. Castiel didn’t know the details but apparently Gabriel stood to collect a very sizeable sum of money once that investigation concluded.
Since then, though, he’d managed to wait until he was out of the room, to shut it off until he was alone. Just shut everything down. He was a broken son-of-a-bitch but he could at least keep that to himself.
“No!” Gabe shouted, pointing an accusing finger Dean’s way. Dean was a little surprised lightning didn’t shoot out of it with the way Gabe was glaring at him. “Fix this, Dean. Right now. Cas is a better person than you or I will ever be and if you ever hurt him again I will strip the flesh from your bones and make you watch as I feed it to wild dogs. Fix. It.”
they try to humiliate Dean, try to distort and twist what Cas had with him into something embarrassing and disgusting. To take what they were and make it a point of public ridicule…
A flash of anger brought Cas to his feet. “Lucifer.” He said, proud of how steady his voice was. Lucifer didn’t so much as twitch but Cas could feel Gabe behind him, ready to quite literally back him up. “You know I am homosexual. That does mean that I will be dating men.”
“You have to take Abaddon to the lake,” Ganem insisted, “you have to bind her back in Hell so that she can never escape!”
“Motherhood has softened Caroline somewhat.” Lucifer interjected, a knowing smile curling his lips. “She has become quite docile.”
put sunscreen on Sam, especially his massive ears that always tried to peel right off his head every time he spent an hour outside. But somehow Sam had managed to scrub, scuff, or sweat it off and gotten burned anyway.
When the time came for them to say their goodbyes they shuffled out to the parking lot. Dean felt his eyes grow misty as he scuffed his boot in the dirt by Bobby’s truck.
“Fine, fine. I’ll be the Samsquatch.” Sam sighed, shaking out the costume with a grimace. “What are you supposed to be, anyway, some sort of fox prince thing?”
Donnie Finnerman is the name of Raphael’s vessel in “Free to Be You and Me”, which is why Raphael’s last name is Finnerman. When it came time for his dad to show up I considered other angels for the role but decided against it. I figured that while my portrayal of Raphael is of a spoiled little shit with a knack for manipulation and intimidation, his father Donald would be a bit more true to Demore Barnes’ portrayal, i.e. more than a little scary. A little of Zachariah’s slick pitch bit snuck in there too.
Ash shrugged, glancing back over his shoulder. “Dunno.” He admitted. “Bobby didn’t say anything. Was he supposed to be in?”
“He just hugged me. Held on for so long. I thought he was never going to speak to me again but he just stayed with me. The cops were involved at that point, so I didn’t really have a choice but to face it all, but Dean was right there the whole time. He found the best lawyer I could get, fought like hell to settle things with Chuck and the school. I landed in counselling with Tessa and a four week rehab. The lawyer was good. She managed it so that if I completed my program and stayed clean for a year my record would be expunged. Even with the Raphael thing I had a good record and had never really been in trouble before. Ruby had, though. Plus she was the one driving and had coke and ecstasy in her system so she went to juvie. My lawyer argued that I hadn’t known she was high, which was true. I never asked, though. I didn’t see her after that night.
“She found a way out.” Ganem said, his face paling. Dean had seen that look before. It was the look of someone reliving some pretty horrible shit. He’d seen it in the mirror in the middle of the night for the last six months.
Well… mostly honest. Which was why it was weeks later and he still hadn’t come clean. He wasn’t deluded enough to ignore the pang of fear rattling around in his heart. He’d let himself fall under Ruby’s spell once before, shoved his better judgement way down the back of his mental sofa and let his own stupid selfish nature take over. When she’d been gone, safely locked away in some jail-junior hell hole it had been easy to promise never to be that stupid again. But now she was back. And even the sight of her, just standing there looking cold and pissed on the sidewalk out front of the school had plucked at something in his brain, pulled and gnawed at him like a hungry rat.
“Then I had better try one.” She said. Dean realized he’d just kissed her little brother about half a foot from her face and blushed. Shit. Dean didn’t want to poke at a sore spot between them, namely Cas being gay. But Anna didn’t kick up a fuss, just smiled gently at Cas, watched him watch Dean.
“He’s not the good guy, that’s for sure.” He agreed. “But Cas, how would he have snuck into my skull without me noticing? He’s like… I don’t know, man. If you’re the Chrysler building he must be Mount Everest.” Cas nodded, not looking at all offended by the comparrison. “I remember how it felt being in that house with him in Maine.” Dean shuddered. “I would have
“Pretty much everyone.” She said with a little smile. “They’re saying you were making out with him at Manhattan this weekend.”
Cas smirked and tugged harder, pleased when Dean bent closer. Dean’s fists hit the bed either side of Cas’s hips as he leaned over him. Cas brought his other hand to trace the knot.
Kennedy looked up the path to where several police officers were jogging towards them and quickly flicked the blade away and tossed the knife into the snow far away from him. He put his hands over his head and dropped to his knees, shouting at the officers that he wasn’t armed. After a few seconds of stunned silence Rigby did the same. Cas, adrenaline slowly ebbing away to leave him weak-limbed and wobbily, sank down into the snow and stayed still, his scarf still pressed into his bloodied face.
It had been weeks since the Sighting, as he’d come to call it in his head, and Bobby hadn’t come up with anything useful. Dean hand’t heard a peep from Cas, either. He was beginning to doubt whether or not he’d dreamed their whole exchange. He tried to tell himself to be patient, reminded himself that Cas had his own concerns in Heaven just now, but his skin cinched a bit tighter every day that he had to wait. Pretty soon it was going to split.
“Welcome to Harper House,” A blond with a pleasantly chubby face chirped from behind the reception desk. She was probably thirty or so, wearing a creamy pink sweater and glasses. A little vase of flowers sat by her computer monitor, welcoming. “How can I help you?”
“Check on you.” Lucifer said his pinkie twitching madly. “As your friend pointed out,” he motioned to the office door and Dean’s smudged silhouette through the glass, “you weren’t in the best of positions when you stormed out of our father’s house that night. I wanted to make sure you’d landed on your feet, so to speak.”
Cas had been sitting right next to him the whole game, of course, but Dean still seemed unable to stop himself from going back over every single play in excruciating detail, picking out exactly what made his brother so much better than the other team. Castiel didn’t mind. He quite enjoyed watching Dean talk, even with the remnants of gold and black face-paint clinging at the corners of his nose and eyes. He enjoyed watching Dean do most things; smiling at customers as they sat down at the bar, his teeth flashing white against his lips. Sprawled on the futon fighting sleep as he listened to Sam talk about school after a long double shift. Working in the garage, his t-shirt slipping up to show a sliver of tanned skin at his waist. The way he moved his hands when he spoke, mesmerizing…
“Oh.” The blush receded and for the first time she smiled at him fully. Her whole body language changed in just a moment. She stood straighter, tipped her head back to look at him straight on, squared her hips towards him and stopped fiddling with her hair. It was like looking at a different person. “Oh, of course. I’m so sorry. It didn’t occur to me either. That you might be, I mean,” she laughed. It was a pretty, musical little sound. “How awkward!”
“What’s it?” Dean demanded, recognizing the slick smirk Ash pulled when he thought he’d caught scent of some good gossip.
Dean shocked him by chanting in his face, “TOGA! TOGA!” He laughed at Castiel’s nonplussed expression. “I already showed you that movie, don’t you remember?” He said, and wrapped himself in his own sheet.
“Good.” Sam nodded, satisfied. He stood, stretching his to his ludicrous full height. His knuckles brushed the ceiling as he threw his arms over his head and groaned. “I’m going to bed. You get your head together and talk to Cas in the morning, alright?”
Castiel wanted to curl in on himself, feeling for the first time since that morning a wave of shame. He waited in the total silence of the shop for a few seconds before Dean burst out laughing. Castiel stared at him, watching the lovely way the corners of Dean’s eyes crinkled as Cas tried to figure out what was happening. Gabriel’s eyebrows twitched curiously but his dangerous calm remained.
Castiel pressed a hand to the faded and stained jacket in his hands, wondering what decade it had come from. Certainly not either of the last two, judging by the smell. Still, the straps were intact, if a bit stiff. The plastrons laying in a little pile near the bleachers were cracked and nearly useless, and there didn’t seem to be any pants or shoes at all. The foils were too rigid and a couple blunted with wads of electrical tape rather than proper tips.
Sam bit down on a chuckle, patting Cas’s shoulder in sympathy. “Well, I suppose it could have been worse.”
“Sam.” Cas grated, blood drooling from his lips. “You are dying?” Disoriented as he was he could see the fraying edges of Sam’s being, his soul reaching out in every direction as it tried to leave his battered body behind.
“When your mom owns a burger joint you sort of get used to it.” She explained. “If you like ‘em I can have her make you one for Monday.”
Dean actually growled. “You do not get a say in this!” he shouted. Talia was taken, Abbey and Devon were probably not any better off if they were even still alive. Devon’s face was flashing in the back of his mind, screaming, crying, clawing at the demon inside his head. The last thing Dean had time for was Sam’s sociopathic logic. “Cas, do it.”
Gabriel snorted. “Heat and food not enough? What do want, Dean, a full english breakfast? Turndown service?”
“C-Cas?” Dean whispered, hoping he would wake up before Dean did anything he regretted. The only answer he got was another roll of Cas’s hips and a soft little “mm” sound. Shit. “Cas, man. Come on. Wake up, buddy.”
“Morning, sunshine.” Sam murmured, keeping one mug in hand and passing the other to Cas. “It’s got one sugar, I hope that’s ok.”
Sure enough she was staring at him. Slouched back in the booth, her arms crossed defensively around her middle and one eyebrow cocked. He tried to tell himself he didn’t give a good goddamn if she was judging him, if she thought he was as much a coward as he felt. As he slid into the booth across from her, angling his body so he faced her straight on, a tiny twinge in his chest cried bullshit. That stare shot right through him. Still, he refused to break the silence. It might be childish and even pointless but he wasn’t the one who had called this meeting. She’d wanted him here, she could start the conversation they shouldn’t be having. He kept his hands folded tight around his cup and tried to let the burn of the hot cardboard keep him grounded.
“I believe two of your idiotic enforcers can already attest to their sharpness.” Cas said cooly, letting his eyes slide slowly over Rigby. The bits of Rigby’s face that weren’t already an angry red flushed almost purple. “If you were less of a coward you might have found that out for yourself.”
“Hello.” Castiel couldn’t ever remember hearing Sam’s voice so deep. Even as he pulled against the self-imposed restraints in his desire to pummel Raphael he hadn’t sounded this cold and angry. In his slightly drug-addled state he could almost feel Sam’s voice scraping against him like frost.
“How’d it go, Casanova?” Dean asked, looking sleepy and sated. Between the two of them he and Jo had eaten nearly two thirds of the pie already. Sam’s fork was still clean.
They climbed out of the car and headed in, Cas following Dean through the squeaky back door into the main body of the garage. A pile of grey jumpsuits was mounded to the right of the door and Dean plucked one up, drawing it over his jeans and t-shirt with practiced ease. Cas was too busy watching to notice the approach of a skinny mullet-bearing man in his early twenties.
“Hey, kiddo.” Gabe said, looking up. He looked happier today, too, the lines vanished from his forehead and his easy smile returned. “How ya feelin’?”
Castiel couldn’t contain a smile at the look of shock on Mr. Rigby’s face. Finnerman was not so amused.
“Gabriel,” Cas wasn’t sure what to say, so he held out the card Lucifer had given him. Gabriel took it, blinking myopically a half dozen times before he could make it out.
Sam smiled sadly and took the seat across from him. “No. He always said there were enough real monsters in the world, that we didn’t need to go imagining more.”
Sam raised an eyebrow, looking less than impressed. “You didn’t just send him a text, did you? Because that is really shitty, Dean.”
Hannah grinned. “Last month they raised three hundred and twelve dollars for Big Brothers Big Sisters.”
“Spreading the misery around a bit, apparently.” Dean shrugged, taking a swig of coffee. It was shitty, even by his standards, but man did the warmth feel good. “I got you a cinnamon bun.” He said, pointing. “Should still be warm.”
Everything was fine. More than fine. The room practically glowed with contentment, all the anger dissipated in the wake of Lucifer’s announcement. The tap of a boot against his ankle brought him back to himself. He looked up to find Dean still smiling, but it had softened around the edges. He took in Cas’s face for a second before he stood, his chair scraping loudly on the floor. Everyone looked up again but Dean just chuckled.
Dean chuckled and did as he was told, leaving Cas to strip his belt and socks. He looked around his room, the room that was more his than any he’d ever had before, the room where he and Dean had learned so much about each other. He laid down, still in his waistcoat with his tie draped across his white shirt-front.
“So you won’t be calling her, then?” she pressed. Still on the other girl, hu? Dean wondered if he’d missed a ring of the brunette’s finger, too. Maybe this shift really was too long.
“Alright.” Bobby said, looking down at the bloody, boney slop in his shiny bowl. “Think that’s about all I need. Want to double-check, Feathers?”
“Ok.” He muttered to himself as he punched his code into the time-clock. “Keep calm. Don’t be a chickenshit.” Cas was pissed. Hell, if he were being honest Dean was still pissed too. But talking things out had never been something Dean was any good at. That was Sam’s deal. Dean was an expert at putting his foot in his mouth and jamming it all the way down to his damn liver.
to keep the cage closed, had to keep Dean Winchester safe, had to honor Sam Winchester’s sacrifice by seeing it through, that God had allowed him to chose this path. He pushed that certainty to the forefront and let it shine as his truth.
Dean ducked his chin and focused on the traffic lights. Cas turned his smile out the window, letting Dean hide from his words. It was a short drive to the Rivet Diner – a Lawrence Institution as far as Dean was concerned - and as he pulled in Cas switched the radio off.
Castiel stood, scooping the rest of his cereal sludge into the garbage disposal. “This is not about Dean.” He gritted. “We agreed that once I was able I would contribute to the household in a meaningful way. I am able. I am going to contribute.” Before Gabriel could raise another protest Castiel flicked on the disposal, letting its roar drown out the sound of Gabriel slamming the front door on his way out.
After a minute Sam snorted, just a soft exhalation in the complete silence of the car. “Because your autographed boxed set of
Cas actually laughed at him, a breathless little chuckle, and Dean bit down on his collarbone in response. That cut the laugh off pretty quick. Cas yanked back on Dean’s hair and for a second Dean thought maybe he’d gone a little far, maybe hurt him. He glanced up, guilty, but the fire in Cas’s eyes said the pain was definitely not the problem.
He wasn’t expecting Dean to laugh. It was a sharp, startled sound and Cas dug his fingers into Dean’s waist in retribution.
It was Rigby who was beginning to concern Castiel. Carl Sanz - the olive-skinned boy who had attacked Cas in the alleyway a few months back with Raphael’s group - appeared more and more often at Rigby’s side. The reedy, pock-marked teen was apparently unable to function without a beefy sidekick backing him up. Each time Cas passed him Rigby’s face would close down, his watery eyes sparking vicious hatred and his mouth curling into a snarl. Cas wasn’t sure what he’d done recently to pique Rigby’s ire but he assumed the moron blamed him for Kennedy’s sudden distance. Kennedy had always been the more dangerous of the pair, but his drunken promise that Rigby would cut Cas lingered at the back of Castiel’s mind and he made sure to keep an eye out behind him whenever Rigby was around.
bought for you? The one that could easily be linked back to you and not to him? Why has he been talking you up for months to this instead of just taking care of it himself?”
Dean just chuckled and scarfed his breakfast. Sam followed suit, slowly coming online as he got some food in him. He smoothed his hair down (mostly, anyway) and went looking for a pair of socks with a long strip of bacon hanging out of his mouth.
Gabriel huffed, peering out at Sam from behind his frighteningly realistic mask. “No costume, no entry. I know Big-Daddy Winchester was low on holiday spirit but he’s not here and I am. You’re wearing the costume.”
“It’s not very practical, I suppose.” Cas observed, mournfully tugging at the loose fabric over his chest.
“This for Dean?” Angela asked, appearing through the back with a fresh batch of blueberry muffins. Of Gabriel’s small staff Angela was the most talkative, always ready to include Cas. He suspected she might have at one time had feelings for Dean, or at least flirted with him, because she always seemed to want to know about their relationship. Then again, perhaps she felt relationship talk was just more interesting than whatever else they might talk about.
“This is my first.” Castiel admitted. “Unless church functions count.” He doubted that they did. They were certainly nothing like this.
Dean was about a minute from stamping his foot like a toddler. “Would one of you tell me what the hell is going on?”
Sam said nothing, his adam’s apple bobbing once as he swallowed sharply. Rage. Cas could see it boiling beneath Sam’s skin, the same as only once before; when he’d answered his phone a few months ago. That spark rippling beneath Sam’s skin told Cas exactly who this girl was.
“I didn’t get a chance to thank you.” Cas said, cutting off Kennedy’s obvious admiration. No matter what Kennedy had done for him the idea of the boy looking at his sister like that twisted Cas’s guts.
“Right.” Dean croaked as Cas shifted back and drew his seatbelt on. Dean flicked the stereo back on hoping maybe it would distract him from the thought of
“He was a walking eggplant?” Cas asked gently, remembering Jo’s description. He was glad to see a glimmer of humor on Sam’s face.
As he crossed the gym Amelia’s posture changed. She slumped all her weight onto one hip, dipping her bare shoulder into a gentle slope. Her whole demeanor shifted into something soft and pliable. Cas found it slightly unsettling.
Dean’s heart crumpled just a little, blond hair and an affectionate touch taking him back twenty years to another woman who had loved him.
“So what are you going to do?” he asked instead, challenging. He could not negotiate his way out of this but he may be able to goad his way out. If he could rile Raphael into making a mistake there was a chance he might slip past.
It took Cas a moment to recognize Rigby’s first name, but he finally nodded. “You were… a bit hostile towards me.” He recalled, thinking of Kennedy’s evil chuckle and his assurance that Rigby would ‘cut’ him. “I was concerned you would injure one of us if I tried to help you. So I found your friends instead.”
“Waterproof shoes are good but keeping water out usually means keeping sweat in. That means you gotta remember to take them off and let your skin breathe sometimes, too.” Dean said as Cas carefully put the box in their cart. “Otherwise your feet will itch like all hell and you might loose a couple toenails. Plus they’ll stink.”
“I was not aware women were still considered property in the state of Kansas.” Castiel couldn’t help the disdainful sneer in his voice, and he watched Raphael stiffen in response. “And in any case I don’t believe it is up to anyone but Amelia to dictate who does and does not have permission to speak with her.”
Then Jo had come to collect him from the bar and when Dean passed him his drink he’d gone with her. He was here to see her and Alfie, after all. Their “anti-study session” as they were calling it, to release a bit of tension before midterms. Sam had declined the invitation, insisting he was almost ready and just needed a little more time to study before the morning. So Cas sat with Alfie and Jo and ate french fries and drank soda and laughed and avoided speaking about school at all. He’d kept his eye on Dean the rest of the night, however, greedily hoarding every heated glance Dean shot his way.
Cas shook his head. Dean could feel it, the pain and worthless feelings that had to be rattling through Cas. Dean had felt them, standing in a barn watching a scary-ass angel stare him down. He’d felt them every minute since he’d returned from Hell, maybe even before that. He could feel them echoing in him now as he gripped Cas tight.
Cas smiled sadly. “I am gay.” He confirmed. “I made the mistake of telling Amelia yesterday to explain why I hadn’t recognized her interest in me for what it was. I assume she told the wrong person and it got back to Raphael.”
Cas nodded and headed off as Sam walked down the main front aisle. Ellen had sent them out to pick up supplies for the dinner she was preparing for Christmas Eve next week. Like Thanksgiving, it was a day the Winchester, Harvelles, Bobby and Gabriel had spent together for the past several years. They traded humorous secret santa presents - a concept that was entirely new to Castiel - and Ellen cooked, though Gabriel still provided the dessert. Cas was glad for the chance to spend a holiday with everyone again without Lucifer. As wonderful as Thanksgiving had been, the level of tension his older brother had brought with him was something Castiel could gladly spend Christmas without.
She laughed, tossing back her blonde head. “No. Afraid I haven’t had the pleasure of meeting your Castiel, though I’ve heard all
Dean chuckled and set it down on the edge of Cas’s bed. Plucking the first bow off and twirling in his fingers. Before Cas could stop him he reached over and smacked it down into Cas’s hair, the tape sticking it to the top of his head. Cas rolled his eyes up - trying to see the top of his own head, apparently - and Dean chuckled.
By the end of the night his feet were aching and he’d wrenched his shoulder trying to catch a tray of glasses before they fell – nailed it, but it had hurt like a bitch.
, Cas. You gotta make me feel better.” Cas rolled his eyes and shoved at Dean’s chest. Dean mad a grab for his ass but Cas dodged. “Must be losing my touch.” Dean lamented. “I’ll remember to play the distress card next time I need you back in that position.”
Castiel became aware that the sound he heard was his own blood rushing in his ears, fury sparking in every pore. “That
it, the heat of Dean’s palm, the crushing pressure of his fingers. Blood drooled from Cas’s lip as he looked up, struggling to focus his eyes on Dean. Dean looked… wrong. Normally Cas could see him in several dimensions, the beautiful sear of his soul nearly obliterating the simple physical reality of his face. But Cas’s vision was flickering back and forth, flashes of Dean’s soul nearly blinding him between the dull, fuzzy moments when he saw as a human.
“Dude, are you sure you didn’t take anything at that party?” Dean teased. Cas nuzzled at him, pushing the collar of his t-shirt down to get to his skin. Dean sighed and tilted his head back, letting Cas sleepily mouth at his throat for a moment. “Hey, Cas?”
What had come next? Dean listening to his explanation, the tense set of his mouth as he scanned Cas for any signs of discomfort. His acceptance of Cas’s choice to hear his brother out. Pride, that Dean would trust him and not try to coddle him as Gabriel might have. Happiness that Dean felt genuine concern for him.
“Hello.” Castiel said reflexively, trying to decide exactly how rude it would be to shake off her touch.
“Got that damn wreck of Anne Harland’s coming in again tomorrow.” He said, leaning back against Dean’s hood. “Wanna double-team that thing and see if we can’t keep it running for her another few months?”
Dean was too busy hauling his present out of the box to answer. It spilled out over his lap, down his legs to drape across the floor. “It’s a comforter?” When he looked up Cas was blushing furiously again.
“There.” Gabriel said, nodding to herself. “That should let Castiel in without popping his wings off or anything. At least,” she squinted, examining something Dean couldn’t see in the air near her right shoulder. “I think it should.”
“I know. It’s unfathomable.” Gabriel deadpanned. When Dean chuckled Gabriel grinned. “Anyway the kid is freaking out, apparently and he asked Cas to meet him somewhere and talk him down.”
“I hate you both.” Sam singsonged, not bothering to look up from his book. Cas peered at him but the fury was gone, his shoulders slumped comfortably back into his chair and his face softened back into its usual calm half-smile. Whatever wrath had been triggered was dormant again, lulled back into submission by Gabriel’s appearance.
Castiel frowned. “I am not a flower.” He said fiercely, surprising even himself. Gabe laughed and Jo grinned. “And don’t call me Cassie.”
Dean grunted. “Yeah, well. It doesn’t bother me, ok? Promise. Oh.” A thought occurred to him suddenly. “Hey, are you into Sammy? ‘Cause I gotta say, I’m pretty sure he doesn’t swing that way. Like, ninety percent sure, at least.”
Castiel stiffened. What could Dean possibly have to say that required the security of his car around him? That it was over? That they couldn’t be friends with Castiel feeling so differently from Dean? A yawning pit opened in his stomach as he nodded, following Dean out into the freezing night.
“I think it’s time we all had a break. Maybe some dinner.” Cas suggested gently, nodding to their friends. Jo had thrown her head on Alfie’s lap as he drowsed, his fingers slowly rubbing over his eyebrows to ward off a headache.
Despite the fact that Cas was still seventeen Gabriel had made it clear he didn’t care at all whether Dean was allowed in the apartment, not even in Castiel’s bedroom. In fact he seemed all in favor of it when Castiel had asked.
“Ok.” Ben shrugged, rubbing at his sleep-mussed hair as he tottered back towards his room. Dean heard the soft click of his bedroom door and let the smile drop.
By the time they’d dumped the bag of empties and were climbing into the impala Dean had managed to laugh himself out, but before he started the car he leaned his head back against the seat and grinned.
It was a very different response than Castiel had gotten from his own family, and it made Cas’s heart swell to see it.
What had he been thinking? To annoy the little shithead, first of all. To shut his stupid bigoted mouth. To protect Cas.
Cas nodded. “It would explain why he is so different.” He stared at the floor as if he could see through the boards and protections down into the panic room. Maybe he could.
Ganem’s shouting reached another crescendo and demons screamed, smoking out and dropping like flies all over the room. But more poured in the door, staff and patients alike screaming their heads off as they went for him. He waved a gnarled hand and the doorframe burst into blue fire, searing a handful of demons into ash on the spot. Dean slashed his way through another couple towards the old man. They needed to get him out of here somehow.
to have been caught, and that they hadn’t taken his bait. “Now why could that be, I wonder.” He fixed Cas with a knowing smirk.
“Looks like you’re not the only one around here who’ll do anything for a good cock now, hu Whorevelle?”
Dean shook himself as his feet landed on the creaking floorboards of Bobby’s front room. He hated being mojo-ed back and forth. And now he’d been mojo-ed twice in one day. That slithery feeling of his blood trying to find its right way back through his capillaries would last for days after.
They chatted a bit, if haltingly. Dean told Bobby about his life with Lisa and Ben, trying and failing to sound like he was content. He told him about the part-time work he found at the garage and a particularly impressive vintage GTO he’d helped restore. He told him about helping out with Ben’s soccer team even though soccer was a sissy sport. He didn’t mention that he’d been sleeping in the guest room or sitting awake in it when the nightmares made sleep unreachable. He skipped over the fact that he twitched whenever a car backfired or a stranger held eye contact for just a beat too long. Bobby didn’t comment, just listened and occasionally told him about something particularly stupid Dean had done when he was Ben’s age. Not one story involved Sam.
Dean’s “drive” ended on a dirt access road with the two of them squashed together in the Impala’s not-nearly-as-big-as-it-looked back seat with hurried hands tangled in too many clothes. Cas panted against Dean’s neck as he rolled his hips up into Dean’s, yanking at the short hairs on the back of Dean’s head.
“They could have fucking killed you, Cas!” Dean hollered. “One wrong hit to the head, one lucky shot and you could be fucked up for
“Cas, tell me where you are. Tell me exactly where you are!” Dean hurried, unsure how much time he would get. These dreams were always so short, just a minute or two before he woke up.
“Nothing.” Came Sam’s surprising reply. Dean waited for the other shoe to drop for a few seconds before Sam stood, stretched, and tucked his hair behind his ears. “What are we doing for dinner?”
Lunch had been his only brief reprieve, cocooned in the presence of Sam, Jo and Alfie, listening to them trade midterm results and complain about their new classes. Castiel’s schedule had only shifted a little. He and Jo were mercifully both through with gym, but along with a new physics class he was fulfilling a fine arts credit. He’d been given a list of supplies to purchase and he could already see how gleefully Gabriel would be in going overboard with it.
Nikki skipped back, hands up to wave away his anger. “Just a suggestion.” She said, as if that made any sense.
“Yeah, well. Once you get your curlers in tonight don’t forget to call Cas.” Bobby warned, “I’ll be combing my networks for any signs that something hinky’s going on. No matter what this is we gotta get a handle on it. Fast.”
Dean barely remembered rolling into the bunker’s garage. Kevin and Sam had carried Cas inside, then Sam had come back to help Dean to his room. Despite the bit of grace healing and a day of sleeping in the impala Dean was still dead on his feet. Sam dropped him in his room and said something about helping Kevin settle Nikki in and Dean passed out before the door closed.
“Still,” Sam said easily, lowering the gun to his lap but keeping it trained on her. “Until I know who and what you are I think I’d rather be safe than sorry.”
“So!” Jo began, grinning from ear to ear. “I hear some big dumb ox put the moves on our little Castiel.”
“I did!” the woman said with a bright grin. “Working at the Walgreens in Deerfield. Saving up for an apartment. Should have enough by March if things go ok.”
“What, Sammy?” Dean sighed, switching off the burner and leaning back against the counter. He rubbed his fingers against his eyebrow, unable to meet his little brother’s eyes. “I fucked up. Bad. I get it, ok?” Sam’s expression softened around the edges, but the set of his jaw said he wasn’t about to let Dean off that easily. “Just… please, Sammy?” he said quietly, forcing himself to look his brother in the face.
“Oh, so you’re going to cheat before we even start?” Sam asked as he stood and stretched. “Two against one?”
“Didn’t know dumpsters were a turn on for you, Cas.” He said as he slowly crowded Cas back towards the security door.
Castiel scowled. “And anyone who couldn’t afford to replace them is worthy of the gesture.” He growled. “What an ass.”
Cas scoffed. “Would you rather I had left you to die with your face in a toilet?” Kennedy flushed darker, his eyes darting away and Castiel realized the boy really was asking a serious question. He didn’t understand. He’d tormented Castiel for months. And yes, Cas had managed to hurt Kennedy fairly badly in return from time to time. Kennedy couldn’t seem to fathom why someone he viewed as an enemy would do anything to help him, even in such a dire situation. It struck Cas as quite sad, really.
no one was there and it had been a figment of his damn imagination to see Death standing in the corner, “and then slammed Sam with some kind of grace magic. He disappeared and I haven’t heard word one from him since.”
In the shower, he sped up his hand as he replayed the next three seconds over and over, heat spiralling out through his limbs and a ball of desperation boiling in the pit of his stomach.
“No use.” Cas coughed, rubbing at his ribs. He didn’t think the assholes had managed to land anything hard enough to re-crack them, but he was certain to be black ad blue all over tomorrow. “There’s a door to the gym and a door out to the fields that way. They’re long gone.”
Balthazar stared at him, but he didn’t reach out his grace to test Castiel’s. “Sure.” He shrugged at last. “I will keep Hannah off your back for a while. But she doesn’t fully trust me, you know.”
“Very little.” Cas noted, frowning as Gabriel tugged the bag over from where Lisa had left it on the table and dug another spoonful of sugar out for herself. “But perhaps centuries of posing as Loki has forced my brother to gain a few Trickster traits more permanently.”
I couldn’t quite get this chapter to work the way I wanted to but I’ve got to put it up to keep moving forward. I've gotten stuck in fluff country for a while now and I'd like to get back to some plot for a bit so this is attempting to set some of that up. Comments are always welcome and incredibly helpful, especially on these chapters that just won’t cooperate.
“Thank you.” Castiel said earnestly, ignoring the defensive twitch in Gabriel’s eyes. Without another word he took the tray from Gabriel’s hands and made his way around the crowd, offering free samples of Gabriel’s delicious “candied apples”. Many people who would never have trusted the offer from Gabriel were taken in by Cas’s wide blue eyes and he watched Gabriel collapse into a fit of laughter every time someone took a bite of their treat to realize they’d been horribly, horribly tricked. One poor man had to spit his candy-coated onion into the trash can and then stood over it trying not to vomit for a solid three minutes.
“Cas, what the hell?!” Dean cried, flinging himself out of the driver’s side door and catching Cas as he stumbled.
“Lisa.” Sam greeted, his face impassive. She looked him over, rubbing her hand vaguely up Gabriel’s spine.
Dean paced the kitchen, his phone pressed tight to his ear. Bobby wasn’t happy, ranting and raving about missing signs and sneaky demons and hunters too lazy to give him accurate reports.
“I think you’d do more damage to your fist than his nose.” She said, smiling. “But he would probably deserve it.”
He was gathering his books to head for lunch when she finally summoned her nerve, tapping his shoulder lightly and scampering back a step.
Sam laughed. “You can’t really ace the first day of junior year, Dean.” He pointed out. “They basically just take attendance and pass out syllabi.”
“Dean.” He breathed again, his knees wobbling as his eyes slipped closed without his permission. Dean nipped at the skin of his throat and let his hands bracket Cas’s hips, his thumbs tracing smooth circles over his jeans. “I’m sorry.” Dean snorted, laying a startlingly wet kiss at the edge of Cas’s collar. Cas pressed his shoulder up, desperate for a stronger touch. Suddenly his blood was boiling for an entirely different and altogether more pleasant reason.
Despite giving the occasional good-looking dude a once-over in his lifetime, Dean had a very limited experience with other men’s junk. And definitely no experience
Cas pulled back far enough to see Dean’s face, frowning up at him. “I didn’t ‘keep an eye on him’, Dean. I’m his friend, not his caretaker.”
They’d been walking for some time, the streetlights glinting off the puddled pavement as they passed darkened houses, lines of cars and the steel grates of shut-up storefronts. Now and then they saw another person - a car passing, an old man walking a portly German Shepherd - but for the most part it was as if all of Lawrence were tucked away for the night. Castiel trailed behind Sam, unsure what to say or do to ease the tension hunching his friend’s shoulders. He kept his hands in his pockets against the bitter chill and wondered if Sam even felt the cold in his anger.
“We figured out a way to trap her.” The old man wiped his lips on a hanky he produced from his pocket. “It wouldn’t destroy her but it would at least stop her in her tracks. Carson and Marlon were killed in the first assault. Ackers, Bullen, all the elders were wiped out before she even made it to the bunker. She came to our door and… I let her in.”
Firstly, thank all of you who sent kind words after the last chapter was posted. The last two and a half months have been some of the most difficult of my life in terms of stress and overall life-plans-gone-awry-ness. It meant a lot to be able to set that all aside and do something I love and have people enjoy it. So much has changed for me recently and I finally feel like I’m back on a good path, or at least starting to be, one that hopefully will allow me to focus on these boys a bit more regularly going forward. So thanks again for sticking around and letting me share something I’ve loved writing.
Dean smiled. “Band shirts are different. If it’s a band you’ve heard me play in the Impala, it’s okay.”
“Cas.” Dean murmured. He wasn’t really sure why but Cas quirked a tired smile at him, dropping the bag of onions to show Dean everything. Dean ran his other hand quickly over Cas’s ribs, watching his face for any signs of pain. Thankfully it seemed the assholes hadn’t cracked any this time around.
Dean flinched. “I know.” He sighed, leaning his elbows on the bar. “I just want to know if Jo thinks she can trust him. She’s got a good head on her shoulders.”
Chuck threw up his hands. “I have both sides of the story and I’m afraid I’ve done all I can about that. I will continue to keep an eye on Mr. Finnerman but you’re going to have to look out for each other, alright? Sam?”
Anna raised her eyebrows and glanced to Cas, who smiled tightly. “Well, no matter the reason you did it, you probably saved me from a hell of a lot worse than a cut face.”
Dean snorted. “What did he think of her?” He had a hard time imagining Cas and that brunette she-beast in the same state, let alone face to face.
“I think I may have the wrong address.” The stranger smiled back. “You don’t have a Castiel Novak working here, do you?”
“Like me.” Kevin said quietly. Dean had nearly forgotten the kid was there. “It’s, well it’s a pretty shit job. But Cas is right. You really don’t have a choice but to do it.”
“No.” Dean said, dropping a kiss on Cas’s chin. “This guy had blue eyes and no appendix scar. Definitely not him.”
“Holy shit, Cas you gotta stop that.” Dean drawled as Cas pull his lower lip between his teeth. His hips jerked forward once, snapping so hard against Cas’s that his ass thumped against the wall. The picture frames above his head rattled in protest.
“You,” Raphael cooed, motioning to the frozen ground, “You are going to get down on your knees like the cocksucker you are.” For a moment a wild stab of fear paralyzed Cas - surely they could not want him to do
Dean worked overtime every day, finally stumbling home with just enough energy to choke down a frozen dinner and collapse on the futon. Then at five the next morning, after a handful of hours of patchy sleep - Sam could hear him tossing and turning from his room - he would drag himself up and head back to the garage. He took extra shifts at the Roadhouse, too, taking Pamela’s Saturday night shift and all day Sunday despite Ellen’s protest that he would work himself stupid. He switched with Benny so that when Cas was on at the garage Dean wasn’t, and Sam couldn’t decide if that was a good decision or just Dean being a chickenshit. Sam got to watch as his pigheaded brother shut down, his customer service smile plastic and unsettling. The pretty girls at the bar and the gear-head customers at the garage never seemed to notice the difference but Sam did.
Ganem huffed. “You think that is the repository for all the knowledge we gathered over hundreds of years?”
“But I’m not in any of your other classes.” Castiel pointed out. Truthfully he quite liked the idea of spending more time with them all, but he didn’t see what use he could be in a study group for classes he wasn’t taking.
“Faggot.” He said loudly out of the blue. The woman on the stool next to him turned to glare but Gabe continued, unfazed. “That’s what they wrote on his locker. ‘Faggot’. Like this is the nineteen-fucking-fifties. And I wasn't there.”
“Yeah, yeah. Make sure he’s here at 10am sharp tomorrow and your sorry ass is showing him around, got me?”
Balthazar sighed. “I’ve gotten used to liars, watching humans. They do it so well. For us it’s more difficult. Takes practice. You’re getting pretty good at it, yourself. Hannah… I don’t know. I never detect anything outright, but she is hiding something. I’d bet my tail on it.”
Dean whistled. “I love it when you talk cars to me, Cas.” He chuckled, wondering just how much studying Cas did in those old dusty
Sam gently steered him around. “Come on, Cas. There’s a bacon cheeseburger and two good friends waiting back at our reserved table. Let’s forget all about this until tomorrow, alright? We’ll figure it out then.”
Lisa smiled, her eyes looking a bit misty as she stepped forward and ran her hand across his stubbly cheek. “Dean.” She said gently.
Ganem clarified. “Elders from each of the main branches. The council was based in Switzerland during my days, so they were more concerned with picking up the pieces of overrun caches and securing our vaults across Europe after the war than reopening lines of inquiry. There were thousands of artefacts of unimaginable power unaccounted for after the nazi’s tore the continent apart. The council wasn’t interested in diverting resources from their recovery to a line of speculation about a being most believed didn’t even exist anymore.”
“So you forgive me?” Dean asked, peeking up at Cas. Cas could only see the faint glimmer of his eyes as they cut across the front seat, the outline of Dean’s ear in the streetlamp.
Sam set his jaw - his patented ‘this isn’t over’ bitchface - but dropped it. Uncurling to his full height he traded a somber look with Jo. Jo disappeared into the kitchen and came back with a glass of ice water, shoving it into Cas’s hand. He accepted it but looked a little confused.
lawyer brother. What are you gonna do, sic him on us? Go ahead. Probably another pansy like this little waste of space!” he gestured to Cas.
Cas’s lips were gentle, soothing, but suddenly Dean was frantic. Cas. He needed Cas. He pulled Cas up, shoved the box onto the ground and fell back onto the bed. Cas rose, letting Dean blanket himself with Cas’s body, his hands so light they made Dean ache. The damn comforter was trapped between them, spread over Dean’s legs and halfway up his chest. Dean pulled at Cas’s shoulders, rolled his hips up beneath the comforter to try and bring them closer. He needed Cas. He needed grasping fingers and stuttering breath. He was going to fly apart without it. But Cas refused to be caught up in Dean’s energy. He stayed soft. He stayed calm. Instead of teeth and fire and Cas was cool water washing over him. He let his lips drift softly up Dean’s cheek, placing a soft kiss to his eyelid. Dean whimpered. Cas kiss his forehead, his ears, each kiss more gentle than the one before. By the time he worked his way back to Dean’s lips Dean was shaking like a damn leaf.
As he pulled back onto the highway he realized he felt more normal standing in a field talking to an angel of the freaking lord about a rerun of the apocalypse than he had at a barbecue talking about football with Lisa’s neighbors.
“You look nice, Castiel.” She said, offering a customer his change and a fat croissant. “Gabriel said you had a date?”
Cas blinked. “I don’t know anything about cars, Dean.” Despite that, Cas wanted the job, suddenly and desperately. It was a paycheck, certainly, a new set of skills to learn and a way to contribute to his life with Gabriel in a tangible way. Of course the fact that he would be closer to Dean was also an incentive but he let his mind skip over that for now.
“None of your business, Samsquatch.” Dean growled, feeling slightly ridiculous as he ran his tongue over his newly brushed teeth. He’d gotten comfortable with Cas, sleeping next to him, working alongside him. Getting all dressed up and putting on this song and dance was dumb. Just flat out dumb. But that smile Cas had given him when Sam had suggested this whole stupid thing meant Dean was doing it, no matter how dumb he felt. In fact, he’d spent the last two days planning and replanning the evening, determined to get it right for Cas’s sake.
Cas tried to obey, one hand coming to grip Dean’s wrist for support. Tears sprouted in his eyes and he laughed, embarrassed.
“Gabe, you got any more victory cookies?” Dean called, waving the empty plate at Cas’s brother. He’d already had seven, delicately picking off the hand-piped lion frosting before stuffing the cookies whole into his mouth. The amount of crumbs down his front probably equalled the amount of cookie that had actually made it down his throat.
” Gabriel raved, throwing his hands over his head. Castiel struggled not to smile. In the ten minutes since he’d told his brother about inviting Lucifer to Thanksgiving Gabriel hadn’t once paused for breath once. He marched around the bakery, sweeping up dirty dishes and flinging out pastries with ferocious snaps of his flailing arms. The usual patrons at Reynard’s were so used to Gabe’s outbursts and eccentricities that they had barely noticed the disruption. He moved among them, ranting objections at the top of his lungs as they calmly continued their own conversations. Alfie, cringing beside Cas in one of Reynard's comfy armchairs, leaned over as Gabriel punched his way through the kitchen door.
I will be getting to the sequel as soon as I can but until then I've posted a new work that's not an AU! Take a look at "Along the Bending Path, Away" if you're interested in seeing how I work with more canon-compliant material.
They were near the edge of Singer’s Salvage Yard, the sun drawing heat rays off the expanse of metal all around them, obscuring the hubcap-lined fences into a hazy silver smear. The young hunter had stopped by to drop some intel off with Bobby on a vamp nest in Texas and when Dean had heard the crank and wheeze of the old classic he’d refused to let the kid leave without getting to the bottom of it.
Dean nearly swallowed his tongue in rage. “So that’s it? You’re back to jumping when she snaps her fingers? Goddamnit Sammy how the fuck can you-”
With a final bitchface (it was only at about thirty percent strength) Sam disappeared, taking his girly affirmations with him.
“Hey!” he said sharply, forcing his face into Cas’s line of sight. “You don’t let anyone give you shit for being gay, Cas. If you’re a good person it doesn’t matter, just like it doesn’t matter if those ass-monkeys Kennedy and Rigby are straight. They’re still ass-monkeys. Got it?”
“And together you stopped the destruction of the world and locked Lucifer back in his cage.” Cas reminded him fiercely. Dean huffed. “You sacrificed everything you held dear to keep the end from coming to pass. Do not forget that part of the story.”
Dean smiled, conjuring a mental image of Jo brushing Cas’s hair and lovingly fastening a little spiked collar around his throat.
“Hey, kid. You alright?” As he moved closer Castiel’s mind went curiously blank except for that one word again: Luminous.
“Anna should be here any minute.” Castiel said, popping up from the couch and hurrying to the window. His sister had visited from her new home in Baltimore after the attack and she was due in again today to spend another weekend with him and Gabriel. It had been more than lovely reconnecting with her, watching her bloom as she began to embrace the freedom of her divorce. And he could use the distraction from the tangled legal mess his life had become.
“Well that’s a pretty dumb question, don’t you think?” Raphael chuckled. “I mean, I think I’ve been pretty obvious that all I’ve ever wanted is you out of my fucking airspace.”
“I’m glad, Dean.” Cas turned his head so that his lips brushed against Dean’s collar. “In the past you’ve had more… active dates than this one?”
“No one guards the cage.” Crowley shrugged, trying to look nonchalant. “That’s the beauty of it. Self-sealing. Just add Lucifer and bake for eternity.”
Anna watched them, her eyes tracing every tiny movement in their expressions. Finally she nodded. “That’s very good.” She said, and began to cry.
“Fucking asshole.” Gabriel muttered to himself and Castiel heard him begin to pick up whatever he’d thrown.
“Quite well.” Cas smiled back, feeling a flush creep through his cheeks. Jo was peering at him searchingly but he ignored her. “Did you have a chance to ask Bobby about the job?”
Dean had set himself on the window seat in the living room to keep a look out. He peered out into the crowded driveway to see a silver BMW parked closer than he’d have said was safe to Ash’s monstrosity. Cas popped out of the passenger’s seat, a paper bag in one hand. From the driver’s side unfolded the tall, imposing figure of his great big dick of a brother, Lucifer. Dean felt his shoulders tighten in reaction to that face and his eyes shot to Cas’s face. He relaxed a bit when he saw Cas’s expression, softly smiling at the taller guy. Okay. So Cas was doing ok. That was good.
Cas wasn’t sure he should ask his next question, but the night seemed to curl around them like shadowed wings, preserving for them a small sanctum, a tranquil haven of affection and peace. “Do you remember your mother?” he whispered so quietly he was only sure he’d said it by the plume of steam that left his lips.
Dean hushed him with a kiss to his temple. He leaned back to look at Cas from a few inches away. “Are you worried that you’re not giving me the same sort of feeling? That I’m disappointed or something?”
Cas nodded, not really sure why he was doing it. A stroke. A minor stroke. How could a stroke be minor?
Larry chuckled darkly. “You’re not the first henchman to come looking for her.” He spat. “I’ve killed a dozen at once so don’t think you’re going to get the drop on a helpless old blind man.”
It didn’t matter that it was impossible. It didn’t matter that whatever that thing standing in the street watching Lisa’s house was it could not possibly be his brother. It didn’t matter. Dean was up, tipping the chair over backwards and barrelling down the stairs, his heart beating a desperate tattoo for the second time that night. He threw open the front door, heedless of the salt line he sent spraying across the floor as he stumbled out into the night.
“I think you should stop talking, Dean.” Sam suggested as Cas frowned. He had no idea if that was a compliment or an insult, but he was very sure he wanted this conversation to end.
Sam shook his head. “Nah. Unless you count cramps.” He smiled at Nikki who was holding Dean’s hot-water bottle against her middle.
Dean lifted it, twirling it easily by it’s corners. The bulk of it didn’t seem to move inside. “I was going to say; doesn’t really feel like eighty pounds of anything. And if you’d eaten all my birthday chocolate I’d have been pissed.”
“It’s good to hear you’re adjusting well to public school.” Lucifer said, and Cas could hear the smile in his voice. “Of course I’m sure the caliber of educators is far below what you’re used to.”
“Oh, would you knock off the puppy dog eyes?” Jo moaned around a mouthful of scone. “You’ve known the kid for, like, five minutes and you’ve already got him talking about his emotional baggage? You should go into psychiatry instead of law you big girl.”
“Don’t mind him.” Dean said, leaning over the counter and slapping on a charming smile. “He’s feeling a bit sorry for himself so he’s drunker than he should be. Can I get you something?”
“Privacy?” Gabriel waved at Sam who still held his phone. “I don’t think these little hooligans have a right to privacy after what they’ve done!”
Sam eyed him. It was so clear he was expecting an explosion that Dean wasn’t sure how he was supposed to
I'm afraid I'm not at all happy with this chapter. It may be subject to overhaul in the near future, but for now it's blocking the way forward so I've decided to post it as-is and see where it gets me. Feedback is very much appreciated.
Sam chuckled. “I forgot about that.” He said, wiggling his eyebrow at Jo. “To think, Jo, you could be queen of Lawrence High right now if you’d played your cards right.”
All eyes turned on him as he drew his shoulders back and glared at his brother, his jaw set and lips pursed. “Lucifer,” he ground out in a clear, steady voice.
“We don’t know it did.” Crowley countered. “And we won’t know unless you let me get down there right now!”
This song, to me, epitomizes the softer side of Cas and Dean’s friendship. It’s so rare for Dean to let his walls down around anyone but Sam but something about Cas’s directness, power, and understanding has always brought out honesty in Dean. Destiel or not, Cas is so important in his early seasons in prying Dean away from his macho bullshit and letting him feel.
The wendigos hissed and leapt aside, too fast to dent baby’s hood with their disgusting bodies. Dean threw it into neutral and leapt out. He fired his pistol at the nearest wendigo as it rushed him. A literal bullseye took out it’s left eye and it screamed in agony. It fell aside to claw at its face. The second one shrieked, zipping forward in a blur to slam Dean into the side of the bridge.
“Nah. Bobby’s got his own reputation in this town.” Sam assured him. “He doesn’t need Finnerman to build up his business.”
Cas’s smile was blinding. Dean laughed and reached up to card a hand through Cas’s wild hair. Cas took that as a go and dove down to attack Dean’s throat. He smelled like cinnamon and chocolate, coffee with cream. And under it that little spark of Cas, something indescribable that made Dean want to curl up into him and never move. Why did they still have so many damn clothes on?
Dean groaned and snaked his arm around Cas’s waist. “Again with the sexy cat stretches.” He mumbled into Cas’s neck, his tongue flashing against Cas’s jaw.
“I was up far later than I’d intended by the end of it all. I guess I didn’t hear the alarm I’d set for this morning.” Cas had given up on his shirt buttons and Dean caught a glimpse of a weird stick-figure-looking thing on his t-shirt.
“What do you take me for, a stool pigeon?” Crowley sounded far too amused for Dean’s nerves to take. “Do you know who you’re dealing with, here?”
“Frigging love it.” Dean mumbled, scraping his teeth against Cas’s chin. “That’s why you gotta stop.”
“I’m excited to properly meet Sam this time around.” She admitted as they neared the shop. “He seems lovely.”
“You love him very much.” He observed, tilting his head when Sam blinked at him. Castiel repressed a sigh, wondering if he would ever learn what was and wasn’t appropriate small-talk. “I’m sorry.” He said, “It just seems your meaning didn’t match your words.”
Ganem cradled the brass photo frame in his gnarled fingers and stared. Castiel stood over his shoulder, his hand resting gently on the back of Ganem’s head.
The plan had been for Sam to come and help as well, but he had been struck by a nasty cold a few days after Christmas. Cas had been almost impressed at the amount of mucus one person could produce. The last thing these people needed, according to Norah, was someone sneezing all over what was for many of them their only hot meal of the day. Sam had reluctantly pulled out and chosen to stay home recuperating. Cas knew he felt guilty about it, and was pleased to be able to reply honestly to assuage his friend’s fear.
“Just some kid. He’d only just met her. At the hospital, but I didn’t know that. I didn’t ask. She came in when he was in for treatment. She was alone. Just her new foster mom with her. He knew what she was about to go through. He knew how it felt. He wanted me to fix her.”
birthday.” Dean retorted, spraying flakes of glaze. Cas rolled his eyes as the brothers tussled over the box, Dean hooking his palm under Sam’s chin to shove his head toward the ceiling.
Sam actually growled. “Save it. Ruby didn’t give the cops your name but I sure as hell will if you ever talk to this guy again.”
“Hey Dean-Machine!” Ash leaned against the door of the mangled Chavelle Dean was slowly bringing back to life, hoping to catch his attention. Dean ignored him and grabbed the mallet from his pile of tools. Since the rear axle had made it through the accident unscathed he was happy to leave it where it was, but even before the accident those brakes had needed changing so that was his project for the morning. It would be nice to do a job that didn’t reek of destruction on this car.
Dean laughed and scooted along the seat until he was behind the wheel. “Come on, Cas. Want to grab something to eat?”
“Hey.” Gabe said, his hand dropping heavily on Cas’s shoulder. Cas glanced up, startled out of his mounting panic. He smiled, patting Gabriel’s hand in thanks.
“And you?” Cas asked. “How is Richard?” He had never particularly liked his sister’s husband, a successful surgeon without an ounce of compassion. But Anna had married him when their father told her, and he hoped for her sake Richard had hidden depths to make him a better husband than he seemed.
He spent the next twenty minutes taking apart the pinto’s dash and trying desperately to pretend he wasn’t listening as hard as he could for Cas’s voice through the office door.
Dean snorted. “Nah, guess not. Still, Head Heavenly Honcho.” He chewed his lip, thinking it over. “Well, I mean,
Dean chuckled humorlessly. “Yeah. I will. I just want to let him calm down a little first, you know?”
Dean blinked. “Excuse me?” He was pretty sure he hadn’t heard that right. Alfie, marshmallow fluff and mouse tracks Alfie, could not be here to give him relationship advice.
Cas stood, crushing the photos in his hand. People were laughing, people were whispering, but Castiel was burning inside. Not from shame - he could not care less that his own face was on these pictures - but rage. How
That afternoon Cas waited by the front gate with Sam and Jo for Dean to arrive. Sam had said he would be joining them since he had the afternoon free before his shift at the bar.
Cas ignored the reference that clearly went zipping over his head and barrelled on with his argument. “I can move faster and cover more ground without you. I can ‘fly under it’s radar’ as you like to put it. And if this… creature… is after you, it is best we don’t make it easy for him to lure you out again.”
Castiel smiled. “You seem to have managed not to inherit it.” He observed. “You’ve given me a warmer welcome here than I could ever have imagined. I’m sorry I appeared to reject it. That’s not what I intended.”
When he’d calmed down enough to sit back, wiping his tears on his sleeve, Gabe cracked a rueful smile. “I just meant ‘oh no’ in the sense that Dean Winchester is just about the last guy I’d have hoped you’d go for.”
“Hey there, android.” Sneered a weedy voice as Castiel was spun viciously and pinned to the frigid tile wall. Cronies Two and Three leered menacingly at him from far too close, their liberal application of toiletries instantly making him nauseous.
“Cas!” Dean yelled, his voice muffled in the fog the second it left his lips. Cas’s mouth opened but nothing came out, just a buzzing in Dean’s skin. “Cas! Are you okay?”
“We met, yeah.” Dean smirked, wondering if the kid would rather keep his little scrap with the reigning douchebag on the down low.
“Sit down before you fall down.” He insisted gruffly, chucking a half a peanut butter sandwich at Dean’s head.
Castiel groaned, rubbing his crusty eyes and fiddling with his other shoe. “Gabriel said it was a ‘travesty’” Dean snickered as Cas, still bent over struggling with his shoe, bunny-eared with his fingers above his head, “that I had never seen the film
Dean did, a brilliant silver flash nearly blinding him through his eyelids as a strident chime split the air. It was like a thousand forks scraping against china plates, a hundred cats screaming in heat. He clamped his hands over his ears but too late.
She paused, her eyebrows rising infinitesimally. “I would hate to see the young lady disappointed.” She said, lifting her glass to her lips.
Castiel glanced over his shoulder to find the taller boy standing far too close, his teeth bared in a vicious grin. He sighed, turning back to his locker and twirling in his combination. He made sure to block the lock with his body. The last thing he needed was Raphael breaking into his locker to leave him unpleasant surprises.
Sam chuckled. “Ok, Romeo. Just remember, Cas has never been on a real date, so try to make it nice.”
Ruby looked at him for a long while. He let her, sipping his coffee and watching the other patrons while he waited for her to speak. There were a few college students poring over what looked like some kind of advanced math, calculus, maybe. A middle-aged couple was sharing a close conversation in the back corner and Sam idly wondered if they were having an affair. He didn’t know why that thought popped to mind but as soon as he thought it he was sure he was right. A harried-looking man in a suit was chugging a cup of coffee near the door, probably snatching a bit of much-needed caffeine between meetings.
He turned to find a large, hot pink rubber penis rolling slowly across the floor. What? He looked up to find another three - one uncomfortably realistic and black, one purple and oddly knobbly, and a third clear and filled with glitter - rolling around on the edge of his locker’s shelf. A final, terrifyingly large one was suction-cupped to the door, waggling as the door swayed open.
“Good.” Chuck patted his shoulder and turned to leave. “And Mr. Novak,” he said, glancing at Castiel, “I would like to take the opportunity to remind you that our student handbook clearly states we have a zero tolerance policy towards fighting on school property. For any reason.”
“I don’t remember the last time I had a snowball fight.” Cas murmured, glancing out the window. It was snowing again, the plows trundling slowly by every now and then to keep the roads mostly clear. But it seemed no one was brave enough yet to risk their cars, that or they were just appreciating the reprieve from normal life.
“Of course.” Cas nodded and began inspecting Dean’s symbols. That meant he was almost smacked in the nose as Lisa threw the door open, her hand in her purse and Ben tucked protectively behind her back.
By the time they made it out of the grocery section the cart was about half full and Cas had a little more pep in his step. Dean led him towards the clothing section and parked their cart near the edge of the main aisle. Cas slowed, his eyes widening at the racks and racks of different clothes. Dean glanced at him and Cas actually gulped.
In all too short a time they were parked back in front of Reynard’s, staring up at the darkened windows of Gabriel’s apartment and both of them reluctant to move any further.
It struck Cas as funny that Dean should be able to stand up to Lucifer’s subtle digs and yet start to twitch at just the sight of Castiel’s tears. Confrontation he was comfortable with but heaven forfend he should stumble into a “chick flick moment”. Castiel started laughing through the tears, spitting and snotting unattractively as he struggled to deal with this welter of emotions. Dean’s discomfort turned to alarm as Cas sagged against him, his wet face pressing into Dean’s shoulder as he jolted and jarred, stuck somewhere between hilarity and heartache.
“Why?” Dean demanded. He didn’t trust this Not-Sam any further than he could drag the bastard by his stupid floppy hair.
She hissed a little, vapor streaming from her full lips. “Yeah. Learn to do the same stupid shit next time, but better. More efficient as being a terrible person, that’s me.”
dumb. But it was just adderall. People take that shit all the time. It was just going to be for test nights. Just so I could focus. And it worked. It worked so damn well that I thought ‘hey, maybe this doesn’t have to be just for tests’. I never really asked her where she was getting them.” He sighed, his eyes glued to the edge of the table like he couldn’t face Cas’s reaction.
Dean leaned forward and pressed his lips just above Cas’s navel, loving the strangled noise Cas choked out above him. “Hold on one minute, ok?” He slid off the bed, throwing a smile over his shoulder as Cas sucked in a questioning breath. “Be right back.”
He left the bar to hoots of “Cradle robbing again, Lettie?” and her raucous reply, pulling his phone out and dialling Sam’s number.
“Cas kept the angels from falling and we stopped Crowley from being a total dick for a while.” Dean finished.
Lisa nodded, unruffled. “Makes sense. Well, since you’ve seen us already we might as well go ahead with lunch. Kid,” Dean noticed with a bit of relief that she didn’t use Ben’s name in front of Crowley, “start on a salad. Will the King of Hell be joining us for lunch?”
As Sam grinned back, Cas caught that flash of red again. The girl from the soup kitchen was crossing the street, marching toward them with her fists clenched at her sides. Sam paused where he was flipping through the papers - his English midterms, as it turned out - and looked up, following Cas’s line of sight.
“I just… I know he gets overprotective and I just wanted you to know that I didn’t ask him to do that. And I’ve told him not to do it again. I’m sorry.” She squared her shoulders and Castiel wondered if she’d actually told Raphael this, or pleaded with him.
“What?” Sam jumped slightly at the growl in Cas’s voice. Instead of explaining, he held up his phone. It was open to one of the social media apps Jo had been trying to teach Cas how to use, the whole feed littered with more of these disgusting pictures.
“Well, I think I can scrape up a frozen pizza or two.” Bobby said, scratching at his beard “Wasn’t expecting company or I’d have gone shopping.”
Cas shrugged. “Humans do not have a corner on dirty politics. In fact, I think you could argue that angels invented it.”
Cas nodded. “Angels cannot exactly be killed. Instead we are wiped from reality, our grace snuffed out of existence.” Dean squirmed in his seat, reminded of just how much he owed Cas for all the shit he’d put him through.
“I saw it.” Dean protested immediately. In the three days since he’d last seen the angel he’d begun to question his sanity again. Only he and Cas had actually seen the Sam-alike, and without the angel to confirm he was starting to wonder if he hadn’t cooked up the whole thing in a fit of grief. What if it had just been some other long-haired sasquatch hanging out by the soccer field?
Sam dodged and scooped his keys up from the little table, tossing his bag over his shoulder. He turned, his expression all squishy and soft like the giant puppy he was. “I’m proud of you, Dean.” He said in that horrible Dr. Phil tone that never failed to set Dean’s skin crawling. Well, almost never. Right about now it was kinda the best sound Dean had heard in a long time. Except that little whatever-it-was Cas had made last night. That was a
“It’s good, try it.” He said, pushing the cracker towards Cas’s mouth. Cas’s frown turned to a scowl.
“I had to leave you until I found a vessel.” Cas reminded him, twitching an eyebrow humorously. “It became clear quite quickly that if I were to stay with you I would not be able to use my true form. You’ll recall how I tried to communicate with you at the time.”
“Hey, Lllllucy.” He said, drawing out the L irritably. Lucifer just smiled and thrust his hand out for a shake.
With a growl, Castiel shoves Dean back down and holds his head against the mattress with one hand, the other pressing bruises into Dean's hip. "Such a needy fucking slut. I shouldn't even let you come. It doesn't matter if you get pleasure. Isn't that right, pet?"
“Okay.” Gabriel puts his half-eaten donut down. Apparently, this is very serious. Serious enough to warrant taking a break from eating donuts. “Do you want to be a submissive now?”
“Good. That’s good.” Dean begins to secure the cock and ball ring around him, making Castiel gasp from the slight contact of skin against skin. It feels phenomenal. He’s already so turned on, everything heightened and overwhelming, that just the slightest touch is enough to make his whole body quiver. “Because I’d be very disappointed if you come before I say you can.”
It’s not long before Dean has forgotten all about the windows and the ceiling, his focus honing in on the bed. It’s large. Even larger than the one Castiel had in his suite above the compound. It’s covered in a fluffy white comforter that looks like a damn cloud, the pillows all varying shades of gray and blue. One of those oversized chunky-knitted blankets is folded lazily at the end of it. The blanket is the exact same shade of blue as Dean’s blanket from the compound.
Dean drags the bathroom garbage until it's beside the bed, then places a glass of water and a bottle of pain relievers on the end table. He scribbles a note and puts it folded against the bottle before placing his key beside it. He plugs Castiel's dead phone into his wall charger. Then he locks the door from the inside and walks out.
“Oh, thank god.” I laugh when I realize I said that out loud. Then I bury my face in my hands. “If you woulda told me last week that I’d be sitting here on the full moon, a fucking wreck over a boy - over a fucking omega - I’d have laughed in your face.”
With a roll of his eyes, Castiel grumbles, “Not exactly what the dominant wants to be seen as, but sure… let’s go with cute.”
A heavy silence falls over the table for a few minutes. Enough time for Dean to manage a few meager bites of bacon and even a quarter of a pancake. Castiel eats about the same. Sam as well. Gabriel scarfs down two chocolate chip pancakes topped in whipped cream and maple syrup, as well as three slices of bacon. He must stress eat as well as stress cook.
“Okay. I’m gonna give you a pat down. I’ll let you know where I’m going to touch you before I touch you and I’ll use the back of my hands for all sensitive areas,” the man explains, lifting his gloved hands to show Dean. His face is impassive. Bored.
Dr. Edlund chuckles. When Castiel turns to glare at him, he laughs even harder. He puts a hand up and says breathlessly. “I apologize. That was unprofessional. I was just picturing it for a moment.”
Castiel takes Dean’s hand, pulling him through the restaurant like a man on a mission. Which Dean supposes he is. A mission of vital importance.
"No!" Castiel yells, snapping back to reality in time to stop Charlie from dialing the number. "Don't- don't call him."
“I - yes. That. I wanna do that. Now?” I ask hopefully, not caring that there’s a little squeak in my voice.
My stomach twists. No one has fully told me what happened to my dad, but I’ve been able to gather enough to figure it out myself. “My dad was raped.”
After a moment's hesitation where he once again looks at Castiel to make sure he’s paying attention, Dean lifts his arms and aims. He pulls the trigger and begins to empty the magazine into the target that’s too far away for Castiel to see clearly. Then he places the gun on the metal table and takes his ear muffs off. Castiel does the same, watching as Dean presses a button that brings the target closer to them. Every bullet hit in the exact same spot, the center of the target’s forehead. It looks like just one big bullet since they all blend together.
Right now, as Castiel drifts in subspace with a sleepy little smile on his face, Dean’s not entirely sure which he loves more. The sex or the aftercare. He’s starting to get the feeling he’s just going to love everything from this point on. Every single second spent with Castiel. And he’s perfectly okay with that.
"Okay." He looks off to the side, towards the door. "Mind moving a little? I'm sort of trapped here."
He loses the train of thought when Dean tugs him along until they’re standing in front of the spanking bench Castiel had custom made. Well, to be fair, every single thing in here is custom made.
Dean doesn't hesitate at the next door on the right. He just swings it open and strolls in. When he processes what's in there, he looks at Castiel with wide eyes.
“Yeah. Of course.” Dean pushes his chair back and stands, buttoning his suit jacket again. “You know, I’ve never had Oreos.”
"Sorry," I gasp, an overwhelming urge to submit to him growing stronger every second he continues touching the spot. "That was-"
“He smells like-” I pause, closing my eyes. Despite the chaotic anxiety my dad has conjured with this conversation, I still can’t help but smile as I picture Dean pinned between my arms in Benny’s kitchen, admitting he doesn’t like Benny, promising me he’ll stay safe, smelling like, “Christmas time. The tree. Uncle Luke’s cinnamon french toast drenched in syrup. Mom’s apple pie. A warm mug of hot chocolate.”
through my thread with Jack. As I breathe the relief of the emotion into my lungs, he gives Dean and Benny a polite smile and says, “Good to see you guys. Come on, Cas. We don’t want to be late to class.”
I shudder at the roar in my dad’s voice. It’s brimming with alpha power, making me want to get on my knees and bare my neck in submission. It feels as if the breath is taken from my lungs. I have no fucking idea how I manage to croak out, “It wasn’t to Dean. He - I mean, I think he might of mentioned him to Dean. I can’t remember. But he spoke to me the other night about… everything that happened. That’s when he said the alpha was sort of like your parent. I don’t remember how he said it.”
but I somehow know they aren't meant for me. They're reminders to himself. They're Castiel trying to stay in control.
Castiel squirms in place, his cock heavy between his thighs as the leaking tip rests against the mattress. He doesn’t understand. He doesn’t want to be selfish. He’s not good at being selfish. He doesn’t know how.
. Cas, if I ask you to shut off the damn bedroom light you can safeword if it feels warranted. I won’t argue with you. I’ll want an explanation so I can understand and help you. So it doesn’t happen again. But your safewords never go away. Never. You - tell me you understand that, okay? Can you repeat that for me?”
“Sometimes I like to just sit and watch this fuck my sub. After a nice long day, sit back in one of the chairs there and enjoy a glass of scotch. Unwind a bit.” Dean moves toward Castiel. The boy doesn’t move away. “Other times, I like to use it to keep my sub always ready for me. I have a quick refractory period, don’t get me wrong, but for that ten or fifteen minutes, can’t have my pretty little sub bored if I’m not finished yet, right?”
The hitched sobs become louder as the underwear is removed. "S - sor - so so sorry - 'm sorry sir. So sorry. Never do it again. Sor - sorry! Please, so sorry. Don't wanna be bad!"
As he opens his mouth to ask Castiel if that means he wants a real relationship, Castiel is unzipping his pants and fisting Dean's hair in his hand.
Castiel gets in the car beside Dean, giving him another dirty look. His boyfriend just grins wider at him. With a trembling hand that’s absolutely ridiculous and makes Castiel roll his eyes at himself - he’s negotiated prices with terrorists and KGB and world leaders for fucks sake, surely Castiel can handle grocery shopping - Castiel starts the car. He strangles the life out of his steering wheel as his mind runs through overdramatic scenarios.
“Nothing.” Castiel peeks at the guy again. He blushes when he sees the man is still watching him, his eyes skating away.
Castiel and I share a wide eyed look as we both grin at each other. I put a finger to my lips to shush him before calling, “Yes?”
"Come here. Rest your weight against me," Castiel instructs as he kneels once again, this time in front of Dean. Once the sub has his head on Castiel's shoulder and his body leaning mostly on him, Castiel slowly releases the buckles on his leather cuffs. They hang loose at the sides of the chair he brought in from the playroom - they had made a deal that Dean only had to wait one hour instead of two if Castiel was allowed to bring something from the playroom downstairs to help edge him. Without being told, Dean is wrapping himself around Castiel the moment all four appendages are free.
"We'll meet in my office tomorrow morning, 8 sharp. I'll talk you through my plans and we can brainstorm. Tell everyone else there will be a meeting in the conference room at noon." Dean looks Benny in the eye, wanting to make sure his best friend understands and believes this next part. "Nothing is going to happen to you, Benny. Any of you. I've got you."
Dean immediately heads straight to the kitchen, no hesitation. While he’s gone, Castiel makes the final preparations for his pet’s punishment. He’s grinning ear to ear when the boy returns.
He distantly feels sir cleaning him up. He's dressed in his clothes from before, minus his underwear which are wrecked now. Sir kisses him and holds him and whispers to him some more. Then he bribes Castiel to open his eyes and be a strong boy while they finish their shopping with the promise of a chocolate shake from his favorite fast food place and cuddles in the car.
“He just needed someone to make sure he was taken care of. Without a mate to help him through it, he’d go out of his mind with pain and - and need. He’d forget to drink water. Eat. Omegas have died trying to do it on their own. They convince themselves it’ll be fine, and then they get pulled under and the next thing you know, an autopsy is coming out saying they died by dehydration or was delirious and somehow hurt themselves.”
“Woah.” Dean puts his hands up as if surrendering. “Are you tellin’ me I can have ocean, bath, food, bed, sex, AND sleep tonight?”
Dean's hesitation doesn't bode well. He still doesn't look at Castiel. "Of course not. I love you. Just - just don't get all pissy about not being invited. We can hangout tomorrow."
The rough treatment and the husky, threatening tone of sir’s voice mixes with the 'sweetheart' to form an intoxicating need Castiel can't overcome. Before he's registered what's happening, he's tilting his weight forward and sliding himself across sir’s thigh. The shame from before still lingers beneath his skin but every thrust of denim against denim makes it fade. He feels like he's unraveling. Like he’s unhinged. This man has tied him up, spanked him, paddled him, fucked his face, turned him inside out until he was calling himself a slut, and yet here Castiel is, falling apart for him on his fucking thigh.
“Mmm.” Dean smiles, pressing a kiss behind the bun’s floppy left ear before starting to stroke the fur covering it.“I love you too my sweet omega bun.”
He allows himself a few seconds to catch his breath before gently rolling them on their sides so he can relax without crushing Dean. Castiel closes his eyes and smiles to himself. That was even better than the first time, and he has a feeling it’s only uphill from here. He can’t believe he let those stupid rules of him waste a month. A whole month where he didn’t touch Dean.
Hey all! Back with more - sorry again for the long waits, & that I haven't replied back to comments yet. My life is a fucking mess right now but I want you all to know I appreciate you all so much and your comments help me so much when I'm down <3 Thank you for sticking with me even though I'm a hot mess  <3 <3 <3
The hand disappears, but only for a moment. Then it's brushing against his hole. Castiel moans, his legs going weak. The only reason he keeps standing is the chains holding his wrists up tight. His shoulders burn.
Sir guides Castiel’s arms up and back, wrapping them around his neck so his hands are resting at the base of his skull. Then he uses those large, strong hands of his and grabs Castiel's skinny thighs, pulling his legs up in one go and spreading him wide. Castiel stares at himself in the mirror, feeling exposed and vulnerable and slutty and ready to fucking shatter into a million tiny pieces. The next time sir thrusts up into him, he goes much deeper. Castiel jerks in his hold, a shout failing to escape him because of his gag.
“Can we just try to be respectful with it? It makes me sick knowing what had to happen in order for that money to be used by us. I’m not naive. I know we can’t stop using it - especially right now, cold turkey. Maybe over time. But just… can we just be respectful about it? Nothing frivolous and unnecessary?”
His appetite comes back with a vengeance as he reads over the options. They sound amazing. Castiel's new goal in life is to come here at least 31 more times, because there's no way he's missing out on a plate of lemon blueberry french toast, or caramel apple french toast, or the cookie dough stuffed french toast, or the peaches and cream french toast, or the… "Oh my god, s'mores french toast?"
I fall asleep to Dean's soft, angry grumbled "I hate you"s as he clings tight to me and nuzzles his nose against my mating bond.
"Fine. I'll give you that." Castiel relaxes back in his bed, smirking to himself. "We could compromise."
Castiel narrows his eyes at Dean, done with the bullshit. “Anyway, now that I know, I’ll drive you to your appointment and wait to bring you home. I’ll also go to the store and get you some things you’re allowed to eat and drink the next few days.”
. I know exactly who it is. Just the one word he spoke so far - or maybe it’s just his body so close to mine - or his voice - or… I don’t even know, but whatever it is has me spinning, feeling lightheaded and nervous like I had in the store.
“Hell no. We’re almost done. I was promised fun after this.” Castiel arches an eyebrow at him. It’s a very good impression of a ‘dom brow.’ Dean’s extremely amused, and Castiel’s not happy when Dean smiles. “Medical scenes are a soft limit. I’d want to know more about it, I think. Oh, what level would you bring orgasm control and denial? Some said it was just edging like we did, but other websites talked about chastity and showed these weird cage things?”
, but Charlie is exaggerating.” Castiel rolls his eyes. Confused, Dean sits back in his chair and raises an eyebrow. “What? You don’t believe me?”
I try to move my body some more. It’s not just my wrists that are immobilized. It’s my ankles and thighs too. I’m strapped down to something. Whatever it is forces my body to be in a slightly curled up position, almost like I’m on my hands and knees even though I’m not on the floor. It’s disorienting. Everything about this is disorienting…
Castiel watches his friend for a few more seconds. He’s really twisted up about this. More than just in an amusing sort of way. “Gabe, you aren’t - I mean, do you plan on…
“Nipple clamps are fine. Spreader bars good. The stock is interesting - I don’t remember using one ever at the compound, at least not that I can remember. We can try it out. And the table is fine.” Dean sneers at the two humblers, which makes Castiel laugh so hard Dean jumps in surprise.
“Okay. I can respect that.” Castiel forces himself not to tease anymore about the erection Dean’s sporting. If he pushes too far, he’ll fuck up how truly amazing this experience here has been. “How do you feel about the two of us using it?”
“There’s soda and liquor to mix on the counter if you’d rather?” Benny offers, probably catching my skepticism.
“Great.” Dean stands up again. “Eyes on the floor, Castiel. I’m going to explain to you what will be happening tonight, and you’re going to listen quietly, understood?”
“Here, hold it like this with your hands here and here.” Dean arranges Castiel’s hands until Castiel is holding the gun how Dean wants him to be. “This is the safety, this is the trigger, this is the rack. You’re going to pull this back to rack it, which will get a bullet in the chamber. It’s a little hard, you need to put some effort in, but you’ll get used to it. After you have a bullet in the chamber, all you have to do is switch the safety off with your thumb just like this, and pull the trigger. This gun empties the magazine without needing to be racked each time, so once that first bullet is in the chamber, you can keep squeezing the trigger without worrying about doing it again. Make sense?”
“Then why did it bother you?” Dean asks, drawing my attention back to his face. “You seemed… upset.”
“Well that’s a good sign,” Dean says as he registers the sound. He’s grinning like Castiel just handed him a prize.
After a very mischievous yet dark chuckle - one that sends shockwaves through my entire body - Dean steps back and lets go of my hands. I open my eyes to look at him, praying that he can’t see the grief I’m experiencing at the sudden loss.
Castiel releases a matching sigh. "He doesn't have to be, Dean. I can visit him. Meet him out in the town."
I open my mouth to say something polite but what comes out instead is, “You look like someone I’d very much like to kiss.”
"Of course not. We've never even met before." It takes some effort for Dean to keep from adding that Castiel is more than welcome to fall in love if he would like, though. Dean certainly wouldn't mind. Especially if it meant having that body in his playroom.
Castiel releases a sigh of relief. “Okay. So, we have to learn five things about each other. New things. Well, obviously. You can’t learn something old, right? But-”
Beside the stool is a straight pole of wood with a set of stocks at the spot where Dean’s hips would be. He thinks he would stand against it with his hands being held behind his back in the stocks, but he can’t be sure.
Castiel is naked, kneeling on a silky black cushion at the foot of their bed, his back to the door, his body arranged in the way Dean taught him. What has to be at least 20 candles are set up around the room, the warm glow bouncing off of Castiel’s pretty skin. It looks like there’s something on it. Oil, maybe. Or lotion. Something that slightly shimmers as the candles flicker.
Dean grabs a bucket of ice water and splashes it on him, glaring at him as he gasps and splutters. “I’m not done with you yet, remember?”
The minute Castiel is out of sight, Dean turns to Benny with a flat expression. "Handle the son of a bitch per usual. Don't let anyone talk to him or touch him. Have Garth guard the door from the outside. Have Ash try to track down his identity. I'll come visit our newest guest once Cas is asleep. Send me any updates on my phone."
Just when I can tell he’s getting overwhelmed, I pull back to give him a break from my tongue and begin planting gentle kisses along the cups of his ass cheeks instead. He relaxes into the mattress and sighs dreamily into his pillow.
This makes Gabriel pause, which is impressive because he was about to squirt whipped cream into his mouth, and Gabriel pausing sugar consumption is never something Castiel thought he’d see. He even puts the can down, frowning. “I’ve… never really thought about that.”
Castiel chooses for me, turning around and giving me a smile. It doesn't reach his eyes, seeming forced. He looks tired. Strung out. The bags under his eyes don't help. Neither does his messy hair that he's clearly been abusing.
“Hell no. Those fluffy fuckers shed like crazy. He’s not welcome in the house in wolf form, he better be human and clothed.” Uncle Bobby smirks. “But, in your bedroom at night, he needs to be in wolf form and the door needs to stay open.”
As he comes down from the high, he starts to fully grasp what just happened. He knows Castiel is probably getting hit with the same reality, and Dean knows that boy well enough to know he's slipping straight into panic mode. Mutual masturbation or a full scene in the playroom, it doesn't matter. Dean's giving that boy aftercare whether he likes it or not.
They walk to their lockers in silence, then to the classroom where they both have Chemistry in the same quiet manner.
He slows his movements until he’s only lazily moving in and out of Dean’s hole, his hands gentle as they free his cock and balls from the rubber rings strangling them. Dean whimpers, eyes going wide as he tries to tell sir through the gag that he’s going to come, but sir just smiles softly at him and nods. “Go ahead, green eyes. I’m right behind ya.”
Castiel looks up at him, blue eyes glazed and rimmed red. He doesn't look at him any differently than before, but Dean doesn't trust that.
The pause earns him a sharp smack to his cock. He cries out, turning his hips as if that could possibly save him.
The stranger scoffs before turning back to Jimmy. "A human? Really? Is this what you've been up to, Castiel? Fucking a monkey?"
“I need you to go to Bobby’s and sit in Dean’s room. Close your eyes and block all of us out. Focus on your thread with Dean. Focus everything you have on it. Okay?” Too afraid to speak, because I’m pretty damn sure I’ll cry and that’s the last thing I need to be doing right now, I just nod. He squeezes my neck and adds, “You and that boy have had a connection from the start. You defy all of the rules. I know you can find him, Castiel. Believe in yourself. Believe in your connection.”
“Such a good boy. Look at you relaxing for sir.” Dean squirts the lube and chuckles when Castiel shivers. Then he brushes his thumb in circles over the tight hole, smearing it around before pushing inside. Even though the tip of the bottle had been in there, no one would ever be able to tell from how tight Castiel is. It takes Dean multiple attempts and a few quiet reassurances before he can get his thumb in all the way. Once it’s settled, though, it’s like a switch flicks. Castiel starts to push back, his panted whimpers a non-verbal plea for more.
I turn to him in the same manner, looking into his blue eyes. They’re not as bright as usual. Not as vibrant. The blue is deeper. Almost… sad. It makes me want to wrap myself around him and make him smile. “Safe.”
Clearly relieved, Dean pays for their meal and takes Jimmy’s hand in his. He drives them in a gorgeous Impala that he and his dad restored themselves. They listen to a mixed-tape. Dean holds Jimmy’s hand the entire way.
Dean scoops the cookie out of the cup with a spoon. Castiel takes a chance, leaning forward and wrapping his lips around it before Dean can bring the utensil up to his own mouth. Their eyes lock, and Dean’s breath hitches as Castiel seductively - at least, what he hopes is seductive, he’s a damn virgin after all - takes the Oreo into his mouth and licks the spoon clean.
Within minutes of being brought to the bedroom, Dean finds himself with his arms stretched out and cuffed to the bed frame, his calves tied to his thighs, the ends of the rope from each thigh running up and looping through the ring of his collar to keep him from lowering his legs. Sir stalks towards the bed with a penis gag in his hands, eyeing Dean like a piece of meat. Dean whimpers. Sir smirks. “Already making noises. Do you want your brother to hear how much of a slut you are?”
Two days later, a man in his late 40s walks into the flower shop. He has short blonde hair, a scruffy beard, and eyes that Jimmy swears flash red for just a second when the light catches them.
The sound Dean makes is somewhere between a whine and a whimper, and it’s so sexy I can’t help but start to rut my own cock against his thigh to get some relief. The moment he notices what I’m doing, his chin dipping so he can watch, his jaw dropping with a gasp, he’s coming all over my hand. His body trembles and shudders, his skin erupting in a million goosebumps. I stroke him through his orgasm until he goes lax in my arms. Then I gently lay him down and remove my fingers so I can take care of my own cock. I use the hand coated in his cum to jerk myself, already able to tell it won’t be long at all before I’ll be finishing.
After closing the playroom door softly, Dean steps up behind Castiel. He rests a hand on the boy’s shoulder, smirking when it makes him shudder.
The air is cleaner out in the woods. Even more so than in the little town. It smells damp and fresh. There's something heavy that I can't place. Almost syrupy. And something floral, whenever the wind shifts. Honeysuckle, perhaps?
Castiel’s face goes hot, which says enough. He still forces himself to answer the question, though. At least, somewhat answer it. “I didn’t
Not even asking, Dean puts his fingers in the waistband of Castiel’s boxers and removes them slowly. Castiel makes a noise, but Dean ignores him. The boy gave him permission to step back into his dominant role. Dean’s in charge now.
“Telling, sir.” Castiel lifts his chin toward the direction sir’s voice is coming from, hoping to look more confident. “Castiel… Winchester.”
Dean’s apparently impatient because he quickly grabs Castiel by the hips and pulls him up before pushing him forward. His face is held against the floor, his sweaty cheek sticky against the wood, as his ass is lifted high. “Whenever you’re told to bend over, I want to see your ass. It doesn’t matter if it’s pretty. Your arms don’t have to be in a certain position or anything like that. When I tell you to bend over, I want your needy little hole on display for me. No hesitation. The rest does not matter.”
At some point, Dean starts seeing someone casually. They go out for drinks once, and to a school football game a week later. It’s not a relationship, but it could be, and Dean has almost mastered the art of pretending like it doesn’t kill him that this guy probably has no interest in the kind of sexual things he and Castiel do. It doesn’t matter, he reminds himself. Castiel was a one time thing. Dean would rather a healthy relationship with Michael that only has mediocre sex, over a fuck buddy situation with Castiel where the sex is great but his heart is crushed.
Because of that look, Dean goes out on a limb. He steps back from Castiel and grabs the boy’s hand, leading him closer to the fucking machine again. Dean easily flicks on the power, having used it enough times where he doesn’t even have to pay attention to the thing, his eyes focused on Castiel so he can see his reaction the second the dildo begins to move.
"Did you go to the basketball game last night?" Castiel asks, not looking up from his sandwich. They're sitting in the hall for lunch today. Dean's friends don't want Castiel sitting at the table anymore, so Dean takes turns. Today is Castiel's turn. He's not entirely excited about that.
“Yes, sorry. The point I was trying to make is this is just one of the many men that frequented my compound. KGB. Friends with the Russian president. Descendent of the current richest man in Russia. This man is positively untouchable. I could show you more. I could show you U.S. Senators, a Supreme Court judge, Prime Ministers, Presidents, billionaires, ambassadors, CEO’s, Hollywood stars. Our operations was the best. Not just in the United States, but internationally. Do you understand how big that is? How prominent? Our compounds and facilities were the places everyone wanted to be. You had to know somebody to ever get an invite - and not know somebody who knows somebody, but fucking
The man swallows hard, then slowly lifts his chin to look at Castiel. Dean’s eyes widen when he takes Castiel in. The sweatpants. The ruffled hair. The faded shirt with a college logo on it. The same one Dean had pulled over his head after their scene when Castiel had complained of being chilled despite the blankets on him.
“Well, whenever his dom allows it, yes.” Dean grinds his cock against Castiel’s ass. “Poor thing will have to come all empty.”
Now, just a few weeks from his sixteenth birthday, Dean’s been unable to sleep or eat or think of anything other than what his identification will be. In order to ever marry a Novak, Dean knows he has to be an angel.
When Dean cracks an eye open to see that Castiel is truly wet now, he falls into an uncontrollable fit of laughter. It's not until his face is covered in tears and his stomach is cramping that he finally manages to catch his breath and stop.
He hopes like hell that doing this makes Dean feel safe. That doing this can fix whatever hell Dean’s mind just snapped back to. So, he kneels. He breathes evenly. He stares at the floor as he feels Dean stare at him.
“Absolutely. I am very proud of you for all the work you put in and how serious you’re taking this.”
He releases a deep, relieved sigh and runs a hand down his face. Then he walks up to me and cups my cheek. “Did it - are you okay?”
“Not yet.” Sir takes the gun from him and unloads it easily. Then he rips his ear protection off and clears the metal table in front of them so it’s empty. Castiel gasps when he's shoved onto it, his chest against the cool metal, his body bent over to present his ass. “You will be.”
He decides not to prep Dean any more than just slathering his cock with lube. It'll just be another layer of pain and pleasure to add to the rest.
Castiel blushes and looks away, keeping his forehead pressed against Dean’s even as his eyes dart off to the side. “I just don’t understand how I’ll safeword if you’re not here.”
Groaning, Dean starts to buck his hips to get deeper inside his bunny boy. Castiel fights and struggles, fat tears pouring down his downy soft cheeks, but he stares up at Dean in amazement, his huge blue eyes full of adoration. Dean’s addicted to the way the little bun looks at him.
“Such a brat.” Dean sighs dramatically. "I guess you're right, though. Suppose I'll keep you around after all."
"Can't sleep?" Castiel shudders when he hears the words spoken in that low, silky voice of Dean's that Castiel already loves.
Hey all! It's been WAY TOO LONG since I could update this story, and I'm so sorry! The good news is that I'm OFFICIALLY A COLLEGE GRADUATE, and now I have all summer to write for you lovely people <3
Seeing his response to the lace briefs, Dean’s wondering if maybe Castiel could be pushed just a bit further.
Castiel bends his arm so he can start to play with Dean’s sweaty hair. It curls slightly around his ears and falls in short strands along his forehead. As it slips through his fingers, Castiel points out, “It’s long.”
Since those words were some of the last ones I expected to hear coming from him right that second, all I manage is a, “What?”
“I don’t know. It’s gonna be really hard… pretending to like you and all.” Castiel tries to keep his face straight but fails, giving into a small fit of giggles.
Then, the night of graduation, with two duffel bags and a secret bank account Gabe set up for them, Dean and Castiel get on a bus and disappear. No one hears from them again. At least, as far as Castiel’s parents know. Gabe keeps in touch, feeding them money here and there, and going to visit them at least once a year once they’re settled.
“Hurry up,” he complains, looking at me out the corner of his eye. “The hell is up with you today? We’re gonna be late and get stuck with the shitty pizza.”
“I’m not gonna let you fuck me tonight,” he says in exasperation, looking over his shoulder so he can roll his eyes at me. “We haven’t even gone on our date. Get your mind outta the gutter.”
Castiel laughed, a little stunned to remember that just a few months ago he thought he would never hear her voice again. “Thank you, Anna. How are you?”
Hannah blinked. Behind her Castiel thought he might have detected a small ripple of something slide across Balthazar’s grace but in an instant it was gone.
Dean frowned. He pulled out his phone and checked but there were no messages. He’d have thought… “Yeah. You heading out?”
Gabriel’s smile turned self-depricating, his eyes sliding away to focus anywhere but Cas’s face. “I kind of had this idea of… I don’t know, sweeping in when you were 18 and saving you from Dad’s big plan. I thought… you know… you might want the chance to choose something different. And Dad was always big on controlling me with money. If I didn’t have money how was I going to get what I wanted? He knew I was greedy. He knew I was selfish.” Catching Cas’s darkening frown he shook his head. “It’s true.” He shrugged. “Lucy is too ambitious. Micheal is too obedient. Anna… well. Anna always was too eager to please, too scared to rock the boat. We’ve all got our flaws. At least I know what mine are.” He tapped his finger on the bank statement.
Bill stared at him helplessly. “She needs me.” His watery eyes drifted to the basement door. “I know she’s here. I can feel it. I drove all afternoon.” He rubbed his palm against his skinny chest, soothing some phantom ache. “I have to… before it’s too late.”
Ok, well that wasn’t really the route Dean’s brain had been heading down. But when Cas lifted Dean’s hand in his, pressing Dean’s index and middle fingers to his lips Dean’s brain fizzled to a halt. Cas’s lips parted just slightly, hot breath bathing Dean’s fingertips as his tongue flashed out. A small damp touch, hot and gone as soon as it was there.
“Of course, but you are not evil.” Anna said, and the first trace of fire appearing in her voice. “You are
“And I, apparently, am a rabbit he murdered.” Cas added blandly, smearing fake blood across the shoulder of the fuzzy white sweater Gabriel had given him. He hadn’t been prepared for a costume, since he’d never been allowed to celebrate halloween before. Their father had felt it was an unchristian tradition, rooted in pagan ritual and devoted to hedonistic excesses. Luckily, Gabriel - who was all in favor of a little hedonism now and then - had been prepared with a costume for Cas, complete with brown peasant vets, white trousers and fluffy white slippers. He tilted his head to show Sam the itchy prosthetic wound Gabriel had carefully glued across half of his neck. It was really quite gruesome, and surprisingly accurate anatomically.
“No problem, Cas.” He said with exaggerated ease. His eyes were still a little wild but he made a show of relaxing and flashing a cheerful smile. “I was headed out anyway. Brady and I were going to catch a movie.” He slid into his shoes and shrugged on his coat.
Cas stood for a moment, watching Ruby glare at Sam’s back as he disappeared. When she turned her glare on him Cas nodded to her and turned to follow his friend.
Cas dropped the loofa, leaned forward and pushed his forehead into the wall. Perhaps he could pin his consciousness between the sharp chill of the tile and the thrumming heat of the water. He breathed steam, floated in white noise.
after all - and she kept her hands to him so he didn’t really see the harm. If she started groping Curtis he’d have to step in to save the kid’s head exploding.
Bobby pursed his lips, his beard bristling. “You talk about caution and what this thing might be, but the minute you think it’s in reach you are ready to go sprinting in full tilt without half a notion of what might come for you. We don’t even know if this thing is in here. Cas just thinks it is. And you’re ready to go off half-cocked just on that? What’s up?”
. Before he could chuckle at the irony of that particular thought he was kissing Cas, a hand against his neck and one thumb feeling the movement of his jaw.
“Texting your boyfriend?” a voice demanded, startling him. He looked up to find the girl from the grocery store standing a few feet away, the familiar red hat on her head and a cigarette balanced between her slim fingers.
“Do you learn that shit in fencing?” Jo demanded excitedly. “Maybe I should drop the field hockey and take it up.”
“Got a spy in the enemy camp?” Dean grinned. Maybe hanging around hunters had taught him something useful after all.
Castiel slipped his phone away, knowing it was useless to argue. Dean was worried, and rightfully so after all the other times Castiel had had a “problem” at school. If Bobby was willing to spare him from his shift Castiel would much rather have this conversation in person.
“Cassie!” he crowed, throwing a hug around his younger brother’s shoulders as he climbed out of the car. “Never thought I’d see the day! Out past nine PM and on a Friday night, no less. I’m so damn proud I could bust.”
“Maybe we can get some answers, then.” Bobby grunted. “Like what the hell that was.” He motioned to Bill’s sightless stare.
look on Cas’s face?” he demanded before Dean had even gotten all the way through the door. Dean suddenly had an insight into what it must feel like to be Alfie as he felt a flush crawl across his skin. Sam blinked, his mouth falling open. “Dean?” his tone wobbled uncertainly. He clearly wasn’t used to seeing his brash older brother embarrassed any more than Dean was used to the feeling.
“Kevin!” Sam threw himself forward, shielding Kevin as the Wendigo stepped toward him, but then it paused. It looked over its shoulder, at Cas, who Dean realized was standing funny, one leg forward and his arm outstretched. Almost like…
“You got a better plan?” Bobby challenged. Dean didn’t, but no plan was better than one this shitty.
After a while they slipped apart and Anna gripped his hand with a shaky smile. He saw her eyes drawn again to his scar. He thought she might mention it but instead she took his hand an pulled his peacoat from the rack.
Sam laughed. For a while they chatted about sports - Castiel admitted to knowing little to nothing about lacrosse, despite having attended several of the top-placing private institutions over the years. Sam was more than happy to explain the basics, gesturing animatedly with his hands as he did. Jo played field hockey, but wasn’t nearly as enthusiastic about it. Much to his surprise, Castiel found he didn’t mind listening. Sam in particular was very engaging, his body language and gestures effortlessly drawing Castiel into his space. Castiel confessed his love of fencing, to which Jo snorted and Sam’s eyes went wide.
She shook her head, crossing her arms as though trying to hold herself together. “Sorry, Dean. I just… I can’t get over it. An actual angel.”
“I haven’t been here.” He said, staring up at the giant neon sign and chromed exterior. “It seems… classic?”
“How did you find this place?” Cas was asking, keeping on point as if the news that one of his best friends was minus a soul was totally normal. Peachy keen. NBD.
“Oh hell yeah.” Dean laughed, looping his arms around Cas again. “Goddamn, Cas, the way you move, it’s fucking incredible! The way you look, your
“No.” Castiel assured them with a smile. “He was just asking if I had my social security card yet. I have a special enrolment since I left all my identification and records back in Connecticut.”
“What do you mean?” Dean asked. “You’re right here?” And just to reassure himself of that fact he reached out and grabbed Sam’s shoulder. His whole body jolted with joy at the contact but Sam just sat there.
But now, an angel again, he could see far more. He could see the bright flash of wandering human souls far on the other side of the lake - hikers, perhaps - and the duller glow of each and every animal hidden in the snowy undergrowth. He could read the wave-like heat patters thrown up off the bare rock into the air, and see the tiny smudges of warm rodents buried for hibernation. The great currents of electromagnetism spiralling up through the earth into the atmosphere, arching overhead in a shifting, tumultuous web blocked out the blue of the sky. The tiny electrical charges in the air blurred out the detail of the mountains. The weight of his grace anchored him to the stone. In four dimensions he saw all that had passed here, all that could come in the future. Castiel could see the tangled trails of spiritual energy woven over centuries and millennia: the power of the glaciers that had carved out the stream-bed where he stood, the tenacity of the great conifers overhead, the fragments and tatters of civilizations come and gone in the valley below.
“Watercolor for now.” She said. “Until I have a proper studio I think it’s the best course. I feel like such a stereotype.” She laughed. “Newly divorced woman taking up arts and crafts to find herself.” He could practically hear her eyes rolling.
Finally, FINALLY things are heating back up. I wanted to get this bit of schmoop out for Valentine’s day but life had other plans. Unlike some of the other chapters I’ve written in this universe, the diner mentioned here is not based on a real place. Sorry, but I had a very definite image in my mind and I couldn’t find somewhere that looked right on google.
“Well, we knew he was going to be unpleasant somehow. At least this is harmless. Open the other.” Cas said, and Dean was almost sure he was trying to hide a smile of his own. Grumbling, he tossed the smaller box aside, ignoring the tennis ball as it rolled away under the couch. The second box was huge, nearly three feet long and wrapped in the same smooth cream paper. The gold ribbon was tied in an intricate bow, too many loops and knots for Dean to even begin to unravel, so he just shimmied it off one corner and let it fall away. It was too unwieldy for him to try and open in his hands so he laid it down on the carpet to lift the top off.
“Yeah.” He admitted and Sam’s shoulders slumped in relief. “But that doesn’t make it ok. We’re supposed to be, you know,
“I believe you are changed.” Samandriel sang. Castiel startled and wondered when he himself had begun to speak rather than sing, even here in what had for so long been his home. “You are not like us anymore, not entirely.”
Talia and Abbey waved at him from across the field and he realized he was scowling. Flashing his not-a-smile he waved back, pumping his fist excitedly above his head. They whistled and cheered, Lisa smiling indulgently beside them.
Cas nodded. “He’s a very gentle man.” He said, knowing Dean would squirm and bluster at the description.
Gabriel let herself be guided, let Sam pull her tiny hands away from where they clutched at Bill’s sweatshirt. Sam laid the dead man’s head gently on the floor, making sure Gabriel watched him cross Bill’s arms over his skinny chest. She stood staring, the only movement a little lock of hair that floated off her cheek with every breath.
“Doesn’t seem like much, does he?” she tossed her hair dismissively. Dean nearly groaned, even if he was secretly impressed by her chutzpa. She may have thought she wasn’t showing weakness, but she was probably just piquing Crowley’s interest.
“I want that, Dean.” Husked Cas, “I’ll be sure to remind you of it as soon as my age is no longer an issue.”
Dean felt a little punch of guilt in his gut. He clapped the kid on the shoulder. “‘Course you don’t.” He said and Kevin relaxed. It was hard to remember sometimes how new to all this shit Kevin really was.
“I want to make this good for you.” Dean repeated. He trailed one hand down his own stomach, watching Cas track the movement. He was dying to get his hands back on Cas but it would probably be a while before Cas could get it back up, eighteen or not. Despite his rock-hard dick’s protest, Dean was in no rush, not now that he had Cas all to himself for the night. So he might as well have a little fun. “You’re the birthday boy,” he dipped the tips of his fingers below his waistband and let the other hand skate across his chest, putting on a little show. Normally he wasn’t too comfortable being the one to strip-tease - yeah he was hot, but it felt ridiculous - but Cas was rapt. Dean could be ridiculous if it was what Cas was looking for. “So you tell me what you want, and I’ll give it to you.”
He made it to the cafeteria without further incident to find Jo had saved them a table. He didn’t bother with the gargantuan line today since she had promised to bring him a burger and fries from Ellen’s Roadhouse. His mouth had been watering for half an hour at the though of it.
He stood watching as the old hunter climbed into the cab and drove away, the bed of his pickup rattling up a cloud of dust. When he was out of sight Dean turned back to Lisa’s car with a sigh. It was going to be a long drive back to Lisa’s.
Cas said nothing for a while, just standing silently while Dean sipped his whiskey. When he did speak, it was so gentle Dean almost missed it. “It isn’t your fault, Dean.”
Jo’s halloween sleepover was fun, another marathon of movies Cas had never seen but the rest of them all seemed to know by heart filling the hours until they’d fallen asleep still curled on the couches in the flickering light of the television. He watched his friends faces more than the movies, trying to root his mind in the here and now as Sam had suggested. They’d all changed out of their costumes but there were still traces of makeup on everyone. Dark shadows beneath Sam's eyes, pale smudges across Jo's cheekbone. It leant them all a surreal quality in the dim light, and Cas had the strange feeling that he might wake up to find them all dissolved into nothingness, a passing dream after so many years of drab reality.
A slap to the inside of his thigh quickly reminds him of his place. He slumps down and whimpers, wishing he could speak so he could apologize.
“He is.” Dean drags his lips up the curve of Castiel’s throat, loving the way Castiel throws his head back to give him full access. He nips him right below his jaw. It makes Castiel squeak and buck against him. His cock is starting to drench the front of his briefs with precum. “You’re better, though, aren’t you? My good boy.”
“It’s not an ‘it’ you can find, Cas. I have to tell the people to meet somewhere. And then they have to actually meet. You’re looking for something that currently doesn’t exist. If you-”
It isn't until he's bringing his song to an end, absentmindedly playing a simple melody as he thinks of what he'd like to play next, that Castiel notices he's no longer alone. His fingers stumble clumsily on the keys, making an awful sound.
“Cas, give me a color. I don’t care what color it is, baby, whatever you need. But if you don’t give me one of your three colors then I’ll assume red and end this. Understood?”
Dean is not at all prepared to speak with Sam. He spent the whole day checking security cameras for Castiel, or bobbing his head into different rooms if the boy disappeared inside the personal wing. As far as anyone in the house knows, he hasn't eaten. He hasn't talked to anyone since his morning's security meeting. He hasn't
Listening to Dean’s soft order, Castiel takes a few deep breaths. Then he gives Dean a shaky smile. “Sorry.”
"Then take your pillow and go into the living room. I want you to kneel to the right of the coffee table. In the position I taught you."
His tongue darts out to lick along the mating mark he left. Hopefully it’ll help keep his bun safe when he’s out in public. It’s a damn clear alpha wolf bite, nothing like a bunny alpha’s, and everyone knows the wolves are top of the food chain. No one should fuck with Castiel. At least, Dean hopes. There’s still the asshole speciasts that like to call little buns names when they see them with wolf partners. They’re the same assholes who give Dean and any other wolf shit for being with something so weak and tiny. Dean hates anyone who makes his boy feel like he shouldn’t be doing what makes him happy. The comments never get to Dean, but they never fail to make his sweet bun’s eyes water.
“Such a little whore.” Sir jerks him back until he’s pressed against sir’s chest. The hand covering his mouth drags down to his throat and squeezes once - more of a threat than anything else. Then he’s being pushed back down so he’s once again bent over the sink. He can feel sir moving behind him, not enough to pull out, just some shifting around. Then silky material is brushing against his cheek. “Open.”
