it was contagious. It made his insides burn with impatience to get up the stairs, with confidence to get another chance, with certainty to do the right thing. He nodded thankfully at her even though she hadn't done anything. Not right now maybe, but all along the way she had been their greatest support.
"Oh… cut the crap, Mycroft!" Sherlock was getting angry. "I know for a fact, that you can start a war by flipping a switch and make the Queen disappear in a blink!" He raised his voice. "What's keeping you now?"
Turning around she let the skirt fall back down and walked gracefully across the stage in long slow strides, reveling in stretching her endlessly long legs. Her hands coquettishly on her hips which swayed from side to side with each step, making the handcuffs clack with the motion, reminding John relentlessly of their existence.
"That wouldn't be advisable as we don't know yet how long it will be needed." Sherlock released John with his hands and his eyes and took a step back.
Sherlock finally realised that all his efforts had been for nothing. He finally realised that John wasn't able to add anything to his game. Wasn't that exactly the thing John had wondered about from their very first case on? The pink lady? What had he been doing there? What had he been doing since?
That should be pretty reassuring. Facts are always good. At least for Sherlock. But then, John wasn't Sherlock. John was much more sentimental. Probably he needed social and emotional reassurance as well.
?" John said sweetly while sliding his hand even lower on Miss Pirate's back until he was cupping one of those sinful arse cheeks.
“You know… you're right. Give me…,” John let his eyes roam the rows of bottles above the counter but couldn't decide. He didn't even know what Greg liked. Really liked. “Gimme something of the good stuff.” he finally settled on.
John had chosen the less frequented way over Chelsea Bridge for them and Sherlock was grateful for it. Not that he had anything to hide, but there were already enough impressions and sensations to process and he needed all his senses and attention to not miss anything. He couldn't afford to misstep, in any sense of the word.
That needed to be changed. However, simple talking didn't seem to have the desired effect. It didn't take long for John to come up with a plan of how to get the message across. There were  only so many ways to Sherlock Holmes' heart.
When he had come back after the fall, he couldn't risk to let John see. He had stopped playing. Excuses of too long a time not played, of too little practise had. Sometimes John had asked, but he had never insisted. Now though, it was his only option to manage the riot of emotions.
He sighed, stood on wobbly legs and went to the bathroom to clean up. On his way back to the sofa he picked his laptop from the kitchen counter as well as a glass of water against the dryness of his throat. Carelessly, he untangled  the sheets, tried to gather the soiled ones and threw them on the floor next to him. When he was fairly sure to have cleared the sofa from evidence of his activities, he settled, laptop on the low couch table right next to him.
Sherlock’s hand hovered above the phone for a second, didn’t withdraw. Then, gingerly, in slow motion, it moved up next to John’s forearm still propped up on his elbow, made cautiously contact half way, brushed gently over the thin material of John's shirt, made it slide against his skin. The sensation sent a jolt through John’s synapses, magnified as if his nervous system was on hyper-focus. Which it probably was. High tension, anticipation, hope, yearning making him over-sensitive. Most of all, it was the first touch initiated by Sherlock.
Because that person in front of him was definitely anything but not sinfully physical - pure presence, pure sensation, pure sex.
. Plural. They're more than one, which automatically requires addressing in plural. Which the 'they' already implies by the way. So your initial proverb wasn't correct. This would be…"
Everything he felt was amplified by his starved senses, magnified by his mesmerised mind. The small puffs of air leaving John's parted lips first sped up then stopped altogether when their noses were the first thing to touch. They raised their chins the same moment. As in slow motion, the closer they came, Sherlock could sense the warmth radiating from John's mouth increase before he finally felt it against his own skin.
However, Mycroft directed him here for a reason. He knew he would find Sherlock here. The realisation that Mycroft knew about all of this, left a bitter taste at the back of his throat - he didn’t know why. Mycroft was Sherlock’s brother after all, and Mycroft knew everything. But this was personal, this was secret, this was delicate – this was nothing Sherlock would willingly share with Mycroft.
Sherlock whirled out of his chair and, to John's immense regret, pulled his dressing gown around himself and tied the belt to close it.
His scrotum started to tighten, his balls drawing up. The free hand traveled up to where it had started, wanted to cover his mouth, hinder the noises from escaping.
Instead, he was utterly irked sitting in Mycroft's kitchen. The most terrifying thing about it was that Mycroft was preparing tea.
“Because now...” Scott whispered as if letting John in on a well kept secret. “I can open it with my teeth.”
Sherlock's playing was careful and soft, background noise to the words, his body leaning into the tune nonetheless, every single note displayed in the curve of his back or the bow of his head.
When there was not as much as a single little sign of life coming from the upstairs room, Sherlock sighed in defeat. Why would John do this? He had never done something like this before. Sure thing, John loved his music. He even was a big fan of that daft ancient beatle-band with their abhorrently sweet lovey dovey songs.
"It is." John confirmed. Because it was true, no need to deny that. Although it wasn't that simple. "That doesn't make it any less special though. And it was exactly what I needed at that point. But that wasn't all…" Sherlock was fiddling with John's fingers, pinching the skin on the back of John's hand. He was nervous John realised. As much as he craved it, Sherlock had difficulties to accept praise which wasn't simple adoration of his skills but heartfelt appreciation of his person, of who he was. John stored that insight away for later. He'd have to work on that.
“You’re too small to emanate a sufficient amount of body heat to meet my needs because your short height diminishes the effective expanse of surface; in this case temperature transferring skin.” Sherlock prattled while inching even closer to John, who—despite his apparently too small surface—tried to engulf his beloved in his arms and warm him; angling with one hand for the blanket on the floor to cover them.
A strange mix of unease and relief washed through Sherlock. So it must have been John who had brought him back home.
“John, I know! I might be irresponsible sometimes, but I’m not ignorant.” he said cautiously. “I have to say though, that most of the people at the clubs are. Ignorant, I mean. We’d hardly be the only ones indulging in ‘club hopping’ as you call it. And everyone there—at least the audience—is there of their own free will. Regarding your concerns for our contacts… I took measures—contact to Lestrade and the Yard only by phone or mail, no in person contact; Mrs Hudson is informed not to come upstairs and to avoid us in the hallway; even though we’re not leaving the flat except for the visits to the clubs. One of Mycroft’s minions will do the shopping for us and bring it here, leave it downstairs. And the best of all—we won't see Mycroft either for the time being.” He fleetingly grinned but was soon quiet as if mentally going over the list again, then nodded to himself.
“He posed one condition for abandoning his ridiculous plans and going back to Baker Street. I’m here to carry out his wish.” He said and grabbed the small briefcase he had brought. “He was very firm in his request that it has to be me to hand this over. Although you should know that I have no awareness of the contents. And I felt no need to find out although I could have done it easily.” He gave John a look over his non-existent glasses. He pulled out a creamy white envelope of certainly pretty expensive heavyweight paper and handed it over to John. “I think this should stay between the two of you.” He added. “I sincerely hope that things will turn out in your favour, John. As sceptical as I have been for a long time, Doctor Watson, by now I dare to believe that you’re rather the making of my brother. You bring out the best in him. Even though ‘the best’ isn’t what I thought it might be for a long time.” He looked thoughtfully. “But in this case I’m grateful to be proven wrong.”
Clearing his throat, his cock already pretty invested in the idea, he picked up the phone. Working through a slightly off-putting dial menu, he was suddenly asked to choose his desired partner. "Press #1 for your neighbourly naughty girl. Press #2 for the handsome hot guy from next door. Make your choice, get it all — side bi side." Funny them... John almost hung up again but pondered that the person on the other end of the line only had to do their job and that was it. No need for sophisticated conversation. For a moment he hesitated. Should he really...? Would it be what he imagined?
“It's a nice place you found yourself, Greg. I really like it here.” He had witnessed Greg's face relaxing. “I would be happy to take the couch… a hell of a lot better than any room I could afford otherwise.”
John didn’t insist, didn’t force him to speak. Apparently sensing that he needed to gather courage. When their destination came into sight, Sherlock knew he was running out of time. Once there, everything would be much more definite. It was foolish, it was a mere change in location by a couple of metres. And still it made a life-changing difference.
"She… called you… what was it? Elle?" John asked hesitantly, avoiding Sherlock's eyes. That's why he didn't see the small smile lifting the corners of Sherlock's mouth.
Sherlock hadn't expected the strength of pain following this realisation. He hadn't taken this into account when making his decision. But it didn't matter. This wasn't about him. And now… it was too late anyway. John was gone.
“Did you really think it would be better to leave than to just talk to me?” John whispered, his own head leaning forward, cheek almost touching curls. He untangled the hand not trapped by Sherlock’s, brushed his fingers over Sherlock’s temple and gave in to the urge to let them slowly slide through the dark brown mob of hair. He felt Sherlock shiver under his hand, stopped at the back of his head and played with the tips of the curls spiking there in all directions.
" The hand around Sherlock's waist traveled downward until it cupped one of Sherlock's arse cheeks, squeezing it and bringing their groins together in a very tempting touch, making them both groan. However, this wasn’t about sex—not
The very moment, when he felt all strings of his life coming together to finally weave into the protecting blanket he craved for had turned out to be the same moment every fibre of his life had been torn apart and all the loose threads were floating out of his reach.
“What did you think, John Watson?” Sherlock hissed in his ear. “Or did you think at all is the question?”
"What was I supposed to think? Especially after tonight's display of your… skills..." John asked helplessly.
“Yes, I can.” It was the first John said since his outburst. His voice as calm as his face. It was infuriating.
Sherlock sat in his chair and tried to be interested in the he-didn’t-even-know-what-it-was-about-book he had randomly picked from their shelves. He always pretended to be glad when John was out, or at least that he didn’t mind. But honestly? He hated it. What even was the point of not being here?
he heard, moaned, breathless, passionate. Drowned in heat, bright lights flashing behind his eyes, dizzy, floating, overwhelmed.
“John, I understand. Really. I do. But you know… with these first lab results I just wondered… maybe it would have been better…”
He carefully clambered down the narrow steps but stopped in his tracks the moment he was able to duck his head through the hatch into the inner room. He was greeted by two cautious pairs of eyes. He groaned. The partly embarrassed but also sympathetic gazes of his friends told him enough.
"Hmmm…" Mycroft hummed, balancing his always present umbrella on it's tip. "How many?" He asked cautiously.
“So. What about Sherlock?” Greg kept insisting. “I assume it's not only him being his outrageous self. God knows you put up with
With the last chords, one last smooth and fluent wave meandering through his spine and Sherlock was standing there, panting, sweaty, chest heaving, heart pounding. Open eyes looking unblinking into the void, gaze lacking any emotion, heart and mind closed up, all walls built up again.
“I just thought how wry it is to motivate to speak up only to then point out how painful words can be.”
They both huffed out their breath in amusement, but the chuckle quickly turned into a groan when John shifted to get a bit of foothold. The full length of his erection resting and pressing between Sherlock’s buttocks, he couldn’t ignore the delicate pressure those illegally plush arse cheeks caused around his cock. Involuntarily, his hips snapped forward to grind against his partner’s arse which made Sherlock shift on the sheets as a result. The frottage caused Sherlock to flex his hips, to rub his straining cock against the mattress desperate for more friction and his rhythmically tensing gluteus muscles were squeezing and trapping John’s cock between them in a way that made John lose all control. They ended in a circle of increasing each other’s stimulation until they were one heap of sweaty skin and flexing muscles and heavy breaths. Sherlock came first, pressing his face into the pillow to silence his deep groan, soiling the sheets beneath him with his release. The seemingly endless shudders, trembles and convulsions of his lover’s aftershocks pushed John over the edge and he followed not long after. His mind blanked and he had to helplessly give over to the waves of pleasure crashing over him.
!!! Gone the glorious dark curls. John sighed, grieved the curls to sink his fingers in while... he cleared his throat. Sherlock looked up.
Picking one glass in each hand he made his way back to their corner table. He sat the glass in front of Greg who looked surprised up at him.
“Yeah. Right.” Pity. But then, what had he expected? There was no ‘we’ between a sex-worker and a client. Obviously.
“Oh god… fuck. Oh NO, no, I didn't mean…. oh, buggering hell….” Molly turned abruptly, squeaking “Coffee!”, reaching for her empty mug and all but fled from the morgue while waving the cup in their vague direction.
“Same thing.” Sherlock just waved it off and flopped on one of the chairs at their table in the living room. Immediately, he opened the laptop and got to work looking up his mail.
“I see you, Sherlock. I know you! There’s so much you have to give. So much you want to give. You’re such an amazing person, Sherlock. Don’t ever doubt that!” He felt Sherlock shaking in his arms. He pressed his lips onto the top of his head again, closed his eyes, breathed him in, didn’t let go.
“Life’s no fun at the moment, you know? It’s always the same, day in, day out. I could really use some distraction… but honestly… who would like me as company. Especially for… ya know… a man has urges. Even a broken one as me.” He let out an unhappy chuckle staring at the void. “But who’d even want me?”
John was tired of worrying about Sherlock. It was eating him up to sit at home and to wonder if Sherlock was alright, if he would come back, if anything had happened. He had the feeling he should be at his side, have his back, but wasn’t allowed to do so. He was tired of being left in the dark.
Yes, he thought, that was what had helped him through that time, Sherlock living inside his memories, guiding him, being everywhere. That was what had kept John alive back then, the fear of missing out on anything that would have been connected to Sherlock in the slightest, he couldn’t possibly abandon any of that by just leaving… It wasn’t allowed to be forgotten. So he had to live on…
“Take it off.” Sherlock said in a flat but unmistakably demanding voice. John’s head snapped up, he looked at Sherlock eyes wide.
As the realisation sank in, the buzz of the happy amusement turned into a flood of gratitude which moistened his eyes. He blinked several times and swallowed to get the knot out of his throat so he could continue what he had started.
Although… once he had read or heard somewhere that earworms would stop if one listened to the song again, satisfying the brain's craving for it. Maybe it was like being cured from a glorifying memory of a holiday location by visiting it again, realising it actually wasn't that great after all. Perhaps he should give it a try. Call the hotline again that was. Although... not at 10 in the morning covered in the evidence of his earworm-obsession and with breath smelling of dead sparrows. Not that Scott would be aware of any of this. Still, it would have to wait until it was an appropriate call-a-sex-hotline-time. If such a thing existed…
“No, I think it’s great that you have a place… someone... to go to when it all gets too much.” Sherlock said to his feet.
He almost jolted as Miss Pirate suddenly, like the drama queen she was, used the full dramatic effect of a particularly thrilling part of the music to enter the stage with a judo-worthy forward roll, somehow succeeding to protect her hat from flying off. With lightning speed she drew gun, and saber, holding each in one hand as if fighting off an attacker, ending up kneeling on one leg. The other was propped up in front of her, bent and balancing on her high heel, enhancing and showing off the surreal length of her leg. Her strategically well thought through position—facing sidewards, kneeling on the leg in the front—gave the spectator unhindered opportunity to let their eyes wander over the beautifully exposed leg; from the black heeled foot following the criss-crossed laces up to the knee, where the soft pale flesh of Miss Pirate’s inner thigh gave a beautiful contrast to the thin black lace of her stockings. She was leaning forward, legs spread widely supposedly to steady her stance in her imaginary fight against the enemies, but actually deliberately allowing a glance at the black straps peeking out under the front's short purple and black skirt.
to do this!” He shouted. “You know me! You know how I am!” He had to catch his breath. When he stopped in his tracks, Mycroft did too. Watching him. Observing him. Mycroft let him rage and yell. Never reacting. Only when Sherlock quietly asked: “Why, Mycroft? Why would you do that to me? Why increase the pain of the inevitable even more?” He saw a fog of sadness cloud Mycroft’s eyes for a moment.
"Christ, Sherlock…" he whispered, his voice was strangled. Sherlock could hear it loud and clear though. It reverberated deep within, thrumming, vibrating, until it reached his core.
It wouldn’t take long, for neither of them, he was sure. But seeing Sherlock like this, completely shattered by a simple shower together, John wondered… Was this how he wanted it to go? Like this—barely aware of what happened, awkwardly slipping, almost falling, without any space or opportunity to show Sherlock how cherished he was?
"Sherlock… I don't…" A for Mycroft absolutely atypical hesitation and softness clouded his words, contradicting his still stiff attire.
The call had already ended, but there was a message coming in and John fetched the device from the upstairs bedroom where he had apparently thrown it onto the bed at some point.
"Tighten your grip now, stroke faster." How was that man still able to think, to talk, John wondered, following his lead. "Can you feel how I’m sucking you harder now? I'm taking you deep." The rasping hoarse voice was on the brink of breaking and it was almost too much for John to imagine, in this scenario, what had caused that hoarseness.
"No, Mike Stamford was heaven-sent." John laughed and Sherlock huffed. "Honestly though, I hadn't seen or spoken to Mike for years. He was one of those who were nice enough to have around. And apparently I've been nice enough around him to be remembered. I just met him by pure chance and at first I didn't even recognise him. If it wasn't for him calling after me, we'd never have met."
being half naked, in his mind devouring and being devoured by the man now standing in front of him while said man was watching him. Sherlock blushed furiously at the thought alone. He forced himself to not avoid John’s gaze and saw the bastard smirk. Damn, he knew exactly what went through Sherlock’s mind.
Seconds felt like minutes felt like hours felt like eternity before John noticed the sound through the ringing in his ears.
“Left leg. Up. Over my shoulder.” What should have been a demand came out huffed and short of breath.
More, more! Turning in circles through the room, claiming the whole space. More, more! He needed more! Shifting once again; leaps, small at first, straight forward, bigger, grand jetés. Not enough!
“Yes. One could say I’m quite familiar with it.” Still baffled. However, now also surprised and unbelieving?
"It wasn't so much about me, about 'coming out' or whatever. I didn't support her one speck even though we both knew we were the same. Or at least similar. I was the lucky one who could hide behind a facade of half-truths though. The day she moved out I literally saw the hurt of betrayal in her eyes. The bond we had broke that day and has never been fixed since."
In disbelief and with a bleeding heart John watched as Miss Pirate sweetly traced the lucky chap's chin with her finger while she pulled them closer and closer still; the traitorous Jolly Roger her silent accomplice. She blew the slimeball of a man a kiss, then pretending she got weak in her knees, she landed in the guys lap, straddling his thighs. The notes tucked under the straps shifting, a single one escaping and floating to the floor.
to understand!" Now it was he himself, who was pleading, desperate. He was also pacing again now. When had that happened? He felt pain on his scalp and realised he was clutching his hair with one hand while the other held the phone in a tight grip. As if that could prevent John from hanging up. "Just look. Think, John. It was never my intention, but… first, the fall… all I wanted was… but then… and Mary, John. Mary!! If it wasn't for me, then…"
He couldn't remember why, but his whole body felt sore. He was lying in bed and didn't dare to move. Not before he was sure what had happened to him.
“You mean… I should… move out?” John tried to have a confirmation, his voice much smaller than intended.
Molly sensed his hesitation on the last said word and frowned at him. “Is... everything alright now, John?”
This kept his mind busy enough that he didn't remember how he got there, when he stood in front of the black shiny door showing off the beloved numbers of 221. He looked left and right to make sure nobody would witness, only to be able to stand there a bit longer. His feet felt cemented to the pavement. As if the path he walked on locked around his feet. He also looked up as if to see a silhouette hiding behind the curtains on the first floor flat. Of course, the only sight that greeted him was the dark empty eyes that were the windows which led into the empty soul of what had once been home to him. Looking back at the entrance door, he reached out a hand. When his fingertips touched the door he startled. It didn’t feel like warm bronze skin over knuckles he had secretly stroked in the park. It didn’t feel like warm white wool knitted into a jumper to be worn on cold stakeouts. It didn’t feel like tea and newspapers and soft socked feet on kitchen floor. It just felt like shiny sleek cold blackness.
"Implies that you've not had—and let me quote you here—the full capacities of your mental abilities for the fricking rest of the fricking last couple of weeks?? Because you… you know… you didn't explain one single bloody thing to me!" John yelled.
(also linked the relevant chapter). Making use of creative license though I put it in the mouth of someone other than in the fic, but nonetheless it was written with said fic in mind...
"So, brother mine, pray tell… how do you intend to proceed from here on?" Mycroft asked sweetly while pushing his now empty plate away and dabbing the corners of his mouth with a brilliantly white napkin.
"Oh, Josy…" A spark of realisation gleamed in Sherlock's eyes. "Yes, she's one of the few who never questioned me. Rare species."
“The moon?” Sherlock frowned, but the mirth was obvious in his suspiciously moist eyes. “I’m disappointed, John. Isn’t that the closest to earth celestial body there is? I was hoping you’d go deeper… into space, I mean! We might have to wait a day or two for other black hole excursions…”
The clouds had fully covered the sky by now and the dusk set in. The wind had picked up a bit and ruffled Sherlock’s hair. John saw that he shivered. He must be cold.
“Is all this…” Sherlock repeated, breathless himself, “... about the lap dances being exclusively yours,
All he cared about was how he could get out as soon as possible without attracting any attention. Which would be a challenge with his rumpled shirt, messed up hair, burning cheeks, and ragged breathing anyway. Wouldn't there also be the difficulty to walk with a raging boner like he had never experienced before in his life currently hiding in his much too tight denims.
When her face came closer still, he thought that she might kiss him, but all she did was run her nose along his exposed neck, the lightest caress to his over-sensitive skin along his pulse line, and inhaled deeply. Her eyes fluttered closed and John watched in awe and confusion.
He took a deep breath, shifted a bit on his chair, never letting go of John’s hands. He never again would.
Sherlock chuckled darkly and pressed his lips against said vulnerable spot on the side of John's face.
'Explain', John had said. Even though Sherlock already did. The situation was even more serious than Sherlock had expected. He swallowed.
After staring unseeingly at his laptop screen, searching for a thousand and one possibilities to work out without signing up for anything, flipping over the pages of an entire chapter of the novel he didn’t know anything about and opening the drawer containing his gun to look at it and close it again and open it again to look at it again to convince himself it didn’t need cleaning again… he had to confess — this didn’t work either.
Grinning devilishly John brought his face close to Sherlock's and then skimmed his neck with his nose, sniffing him.
"Keep looking at me like that," John winced, "and we have to take two different cabs. Otherwise that dress of yours won't survive until we reach the club."
The breath he had just taken came rushing out like after a gut punch; only in this case, Sherlock was convinced it happened because the elation and ecstasy blooming in his chest left no room for something as boring as breathing.
He tilted his head to his side in curiosity, and now he could see the gleam of excitement glimmer in the eyes of that gorgeous man. With his heart beating faster he said: “Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much.”
2.) Since I started writing this story, in my mind it has always had a 3-part-structure. While it has mostly been a framework for the writing process, it became more and more important to me. I decided to apply the structure after all since it has become a significant characteristic of the story. I also added it to the already posted chapters. You'll also find it at the end of this one. We now have
“I'm not wearing any and yours are hideous anyway.” Sherlock said, as if they hadn’t just shared some mind-blowing and absolutely insane sex.
"No drag queen then, no dancer according to the rules either… So, what are you exactly?" John studied Sherlock's face.
Female, in her late forties, attempts to appear younger, husband had been having a love affair, lover half her age, midlife crisis. New career after divorce. No kids. Now single. That would also explain the sultry and seductive voice she put on to torment her audience with. Clearly out to coax some poor lonely and needy creature into calling and chatting her up.
Without a second thought he grabbed her wrist—when he got the chance that is; when it wasn’t held too high above her head for him to reach it; wouldn't do if he had to ineptly jump like a toddler aiming for the door handle to reach it. He grabbed it hard—too hard, he knew—and yanked her away from Mr Handsome.
They entered the chosen location for the night as always through the back door and also everything else went according to the, what now could be called, 'usual' proceedings. John in  tonight's role as the all business man pimp in a black suit with white shirt and black tie, went to check out the establishment. Luxury, clean and decent—obviously a well-run club, not one of those sordid shacks they had encountered on their way.
"It's true, Sherlock, listen…" he cleared his throat. John tried to explain, to make him understand. "When it all fell apart when I got shot, I realised I had nothing left. I wasn't in any state to use any of the tools I relied on to be happy. None of them were even remotely accessible at that point! My life was a fucking hell."
First sniffing then taking a little sip Greg nodded in approval. “This will sure as hell do. Thanks for that.”
He regretted it immediately. That sounded ridiculous, he was making a fool of himself, again. Damn, what would Greg think of him? Well, didn’t matter really, if he’d only have a place to be for the night. He wouldn’t know where to go to otherwise. Molly? No, they weren’t that close. Sarah? No, he hadn’t seen her for ages. Harry? Ridiculous, never! So it was Greg’s or a hotel, a cheap hotel that was, the cheapest, not very appealing though.
"Your… hair." John couldn't believe what he was hearing. "Sherlock… you're never ever again, for the entirety of time and longer, allowed to complain about
Said man next to John was caught in a cough fit. Apparently he had tried to take a sip of tea the moment he had caught sight of Greg. His face was beet red and he had tears streaming down his face. John looked concerned at him, but he already seemed to recover a bit. Greg on the contrary, instead of hastening to his bedroom to dress, hurried over and crouched… crouched of all things, in nothing but a towel… next to Mycroft.
He swallowed, pressed the back of his hand against his slightly parted lips. He felt silly. He felt pathetic, hopelessly yearning, when he inhaled shakily, trying to collect and assimilate any trace Sherlock’s touch might have left behind. The thought alone of tiny fragments of Sherlock entering his body, coursing through his system made John’s head swim. Involuntarily, his tongue darted out to gather more of the man he longed for and the tip brushed against his skin. The contradictory feeling of the joltingly intense warm and wet touch on the otherwise insensitive back of his hand, heightened the feeling of dividedness, of being split in two. The slightly salty taste in his tongue faded and he wanted to chase it, if it meant to taste the faintest bit of Sherlock. In a twisted way of envisaging, he wanted to taste Sherlock's thumb, the one that had stroked John's hand. See if there, too, would linger a hint of John for Sherlock to take with him. He let his own thumb take over the wiping caress of his mouth. The tip of his tongue resting on his lower lips, catching a bit of the intense taste of the pad of the digit each time it brushed by.
“Do you want to go on?” He asked quietly into John’s ear. His voice hummed against the shell of John's ear and sent a tingling over his scalp. John shivered. After a deep breath he nodded but didn’t sit up. Sherlock’s hand appeared in his line of sight, holding the phone, offering it to him. Giving the control back to him. This small gesture almost made him tear up again, but he cleared his throat, accepted the phone and continued the song. Leaning against Sherlock he listened to the next few verses.
“What?” John curiously asked over his shoulder, wanting to get the vermin named Moriarty out of their life, rather sooner than later. “What is it?”
Sherlock felt himself tense. Immediately regretting his last text. Stupid him, he got carried away. Why did he always let that happen? Saying foolish things when sentiment was trying to take over. He really REALLY shouldn’t get involved. Never again.
Was he pouting? Oh, bollocks...that was an entirely new subject for John’s mind’s picture book of his imaginary 'handsome guy from next door'. Those lips that were delivered with the canned voice in a tin… pouting? Practically asking to be kissed and nibbled and bitten… hard… Would he still sound this restrained and haughty? John would love to try to break through that facade…
John was frozen in place and he felt a cold emptiness form on his inside, a hollow feeling that hurt, a vacuum that made him feel lost and vanishing.
The music died down and a kind of exhaustion took hold of him that had nothing to do with physical overexertion. His knees gave in and he sank to the floor. His knees hit hard and he leaned forwards to steady himself on his hands. His head hanging between his shoulders he tried to regulate his breathing, but he couldn't. The air got stuck in his throat, he felt like choking, when suddenly there were hands steadying him. Like from afar he heard John's voice seep into his dizzy consciousness.
Oh no, not again… John wondered if they would get anywhere at this rate of misunderstandings. Surprisingly, he was rather amused than annoyed by it. He quickly tried to think of a way to avoid another earthling-to-Scott-translation-class, but was saved by the bell — almost literally — when Swiss Cottage was announced as the next stop.
Of course he knew John had grieved him. He knew it hadn’t been easy. But this? And all this because of Sherlock’s death – well, the time he had been away?
After that the poor little razor didn't stand a single chance. It got flung to the side, ending abandoned and ignored on the floor next to the bed.
“Body hair I said, body hair I mean.” Sherlock murmured, almost not audible through his skull-dotted mask. He was leaning over and intensely studying the next display of beauty products.
"Oh darling, I might be on the side of the angels, but don't think for one second that I'm one of them!" John purred dangerously. When Sherlock only huffed, he dove in and bit down on one of Sherlock's nipples; not nearly hard enough to draw blood, but sufficient to make his impudent partner shout and jolt, arching his back.
Well, at least John knew about Greg's divorce and Greg was aware that John's dating didn't go very well so they felt like brothers in arms fighting against loneliness and heartbreak. Only that John's current heartbreak had nothing to do with unsuccessful dating. Nonetheless, both men could certainly use some company.
“What is?” John had looked over his shoulder, almost pouring the boiling water over his hand in his surprise.
"You put an ask with different options on Twitter for people to choose from. That way you can gather people's opinions without knowing them personally." In the meanwhile he logged into his Twitter account which he hadn't checked since last night.
Of course the sole reason Sherlock had gone in nothing but the sheet and been so stubborn to put his clothes on was to annoy Mycroft. He would make use of every opportunity to do so. But it had more than just a bit impact on John, too.
A last glance at the screen, full of emotions Sherlock couldn't unravel, and then John reached over and the screen went black.
Considering the timeline of BBC Sherlock this story is set in spring 2014. At that point a decision was already made (in 2010) to undertake immense renovations and reconstructions to transform the former power station into a posh and modern facility housing apartments, offices, gastronomy and commercial areas. In 2012 investors and willing parties for financial support were found and architects could provide first designs. A year later, very slowly, the work on the site began by starting to strip and “clean” the (by now) ruins. However, there were no definite plans yet and the building remained empty until 2014. Reconstructions would start only the following year.
The adorable crinkle appeared above Sherlock’s nose which usually caused some fond amusement. Although this time it made something churn in John’s belly which felt suspiciously like fury; which was most definitely not directed at Sherlock but at everything and everyone that had made this man. He might claim that he had made himself, but John was convinced that he could have been so much more—trusting, self-confident, happier—if he weren’t burdened by some nasty experiences and toxic external influences in the past. He wanted to chase them all and make them pay in every possible way for what they had done to Sherlock. However, that wasn’t possible and in no way was Sherlock going to be the one to bear his temper right now. Quite the opposite actually. John swore to himself that from now on he’d try to be the counterbalance to those experiences as best he could.
“Same reasoning as with the hand sanitiser, John. Do keep up.” Sherlock said bored, as if John were the one not getting the point.
“It’s a disguise, John.” said the Consulting Detective, currently launching in his chair, totally unaffected.
After the last note had faded John stayed on the rooftop for a moment. He sat hunched on the deck chair, knees drawn up, chin resting on his knees and let his gaze roam along the river and the banks, decorated with London typical rows of houses, the trees and meadows of the park and the occasional construction site.
He had listened carefully and couldn’t deny that this song was hurtful. He had never seen John Watson cry before. Not once. Strong, reliable, deadly John Watson. This somehow made everything so much more painful. His heart ached for John, he hadn’t expected such an extent of emotions. He didn’t know how to handle it. He wasn’t good with it, not his kind of expertise.
A huff of breath. A pause. Nothing. Sherlock looked up again. There was John, staring at him, motionless. Sherlock thought the screen might be frozen, until John slowly started talking again.
“I have never felt this way before. Never, John!” John didn’t come closer. Good. Not good. He didn’t leave either. “Never…”
“Hmmm,” John hummed, amused, some of the tension shifting into eager anticipation. “What though, if I don’t care about your posh shirts?”
"You mentioned coffee," Scott now lamented, "why wouldn't you mention dinner? Both merely serve the nutrition of the transport. However, you mentioned '
When Greg returned from work that evening apparently it all showed on John's face, because Greg took one look at him and said, calm but stern: “John, I don't know what's going on. If you don't want to share that's okay, it's none of my business. I would offer to help, but I have the strong suspicion that's not a thing I could solve for you. But whatever… you have to do something about it!” And with one more concerned look he added: “You really really should, mate.”
to. Yeah, I’d really really like that. It can be really nice. Thought about it more than once…” he said, calmy, holding Sherlock’s gaze.
Sherlock didn’t even think twice when he once again hopped into the black car in front of the Diogenes Club and slumped into the back seat.
“Come again, John? Don't be silly! You know… you of all people… damn John, you know, don't you?” Greg didn't know what he was hearing.
"Alright?" a warm low voice pulled him from his hungry-just-not-particularly-for-food thoughts. He looked over his shoulder and realised that he was still holding on to Miss Pirate's arm and swiftly released it.
“Don’t worry, I keep my nook tidy and well guarded. No predators—natural or not—ever got to me.” He spread his arms as if to say ‘look, here I am’ and John had to give him that; he had at least taken good care of himself.
“So, what’s on the menu today? Baked beans with HobNobs or mixed pickles with chocolate spread?” he asked Sherlock, wiggling the items in question in his hands.
“I followed you. After that argument, do you remember, when you came back and caught me listening to that song?”
He sighed, deeply frustrated, and took residence at the bar. Talking to some faceless, meaningless figures he’d forget the instant he turned away, he kept an eye on the stage. He got irritated with an annoying guy that kept very persistently trying to make small talk with him, apparently trying to get in John’s good graces, claiming to be Miss Pirate’s biggest fan. John thought he remembered having seen him a couple of times, but he had never approached John before or had seemed dodgy; one of the brainless club-hoppers disappearing in the mass. He waringly observed the man, but he was only babbling about random nonsense, excited to see Miss Pirate again—obviously just some poor chap drooling after an unreachable fantasy. John though was more and more standoffish with the guy, wanting to be left alone not to miss the entrance of one particular mesmerising performer, because he, too, was desperately waiting for her show.
He was still engulfed in the music when his phone vibrated. Lost in thought and drowned in the sounds he hadn't even heard the signal.
The still buzzing trimmer in one hand, John ran the other up on the back of Sherlock’s upper thigh until he reached the swell of the delicious arse cheek. Caressing the soft flesh with his flat hand he pretended to check for hair. However, the increasing tightness and discomfort in his pants told a completely different story. When Sherlock leaned back into his touch he reflexively steadied him. With both hands though; the handle of the buzzing device accidentally pressed against the bottom of his bum between his thighs.
Like in a fog he knew he was moving but no direction, no goal, no reason crossed his mind. He had to remind himself to keep breathing. Breathing was boring, but it kept him alive. And as much as he wished otherwise he had to stay alive. For John. Even if they would never cross paths again, John would find out if Sherlock died. And even if John excluded Sherlock from his life, he was a man of sentiment. He would grieve if only for the good old times. And that was something he would never do to John Watson again.
"Then what do you want?" John stood his ground, tried to radiate all the confidence he didn't actually feel, because this was definitely not good. Not good at all. This man gave him the creeps.
The songs I chose for this fic are very various in style. They change according to the mood of the idiot boys, so hang in there if not all songs are to your own liking.
That's why he had tried to escape the situation as quickly as possible. But even those attempts to save the last shreds of his dignity had been thwarted by an over-eager soldier doctor. It had needed some clear words from Sherlock's side and the apparent confirmation that John would
When his own phone rang, Sherlock stared into his glass. Amber. Whisky then. The phone rang. Violin. Lovely piece. Sad piece. John's piece. Not Sherlock's usual choice. But John loved it.
"John, I'm sorry mate, but…," Greg sighed. One of those deep exasperated sighs of frustration. "I can't do this any longer. I can't save his ass on all occasions. Does he really think he's above all that?? Jesus, he's not God, for fucks sake."
Thank you all for the warm welcome (back) you have given my Pirate and his Captain!! It makes me immensely happy that you're all here, reading, leaving kudos and comments, bookmarking the story or even adding it to a collection of favourites. I'm so grateful for all of it and for every single one of you! You're marvels!!
“No. No, no. It's not that!” John had hurried to reassure his friend as soon as he had realised how his reaction must have had come over. “It's… uhm...  unexpected but it looks great. Yeah, great. Really... cool actually.”
Frantically he searched the room with his eyes only to blow out an audible sigh of relief when he spotted dark curls and a purple dress further in the back of the room on one of the podiums in the audience. He frowned. Wait… it was definitely no relief he felt when he watched Miss Pirate bend forwards and entertain some horny pig by running her purple nails along his jaw. John watched in horror how one of those hateful banknotes found its way into the thankfully lace clad décolleté of Miss Pirate’s skin tight purple corset.
"Well, the same day you fell, all this… clutter started invading the flat. Chronological coincidence."
“I just know, Sherlock, there is really no other option for me. This. This is what I want! No way I’m wasting this chance! So, why fret about it? We can do this! We can!” John said with emphasis, slightly leaning over the table, closer to Sherlock, who was able to observe the fascinating non-decisive colour of John’s irises this way. Beautiful!
He remembered the first time he had heard this song. He had been on the tube, going nowhere, playing down a long forgotten playlist on his phone when it had hit him like a truck; his breath caught in his chest he had felt choked, he had trembled, he had needed to get off the tube at the next station without even realising where he had been. The moment he had stepped on the platform he had had a proper breakdown. The people around him had been concerned, asking if he needed help. He had just sobbed in his sleeve which he had raised to cover his eyes. He had been crouched on the ground, his legs unable to hold him up. The people had retreated after a little while. A much longer while later he had calmed down and got up, walking all the way back to Baker Street.
That was all the confirmation John needed to run down the stairs, stuff randomly a part of the pile next to it into his bag and the next moment he was on his way out to leave Baker Street behind. For good this time.
John hummed his agreement only now realising he left his cane hanging from the backrest of his chair in the club.
“Right. Uhm… his old self.” Sherlock could hear him huff. "Great. Just… great." Sherlock's imagination pictured John rubbing a hand over the short hair in his neck as he always did when he was uncomfortable.
A hard slap at his left shoulder, the bad one, of course, made him realise the proximity of the other guys.
When he felt ready for the inevitable discussion—he really needed to make some things clear to Sherlock, this was so not on—he inhaled deeply and walked into the dimly lit living room—and got immediately slammed face first against the now closed door.
John scoffed at that and shook his head, “I doubt that.” He said under his breath and he knew Sherlock could hear him, but Sherlock ignored it. He also had a sinking feeling that Lily heard it too.
Mycroft swallowed hard and thought about it, “Fifty-three unsolved cases...” He whispered and held his hand.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow at his comment, but then just chose to ignore him because this was clearly more important. “You’re getting sidetracked John. Where did you and the bunny go to eat..?”
The ice cold water took Sherlock's breath away, which was probably not a good thing considering he needed every breath he could get. He didn’t come up for another breath though, he didn’t have time! Time was crucial in this moment. He swam as fast as he could and it was hard to see where he was because the water was so mucky and thick and brown that he couldn’t see more than two feet in front of him. He kept swimming and he didn’t even realise how much he needed air because this was about John. All about John, nothing would get in the way of saving John and if he died trying, then he died trying.
oooooooooo John's in trouble! I have like seven thousand and one fics to write... umm I'm going to go watch Fargo now... Maybe Tinker Taylor Soldier Spies... Or perhaps Hot Fuzz... well fuck.
“John that is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard!” Sherlock rolled his eyes, but was laughing and smiling.
Sherlock made a sound in the back of his throat, “So you’ve seen a lot of injuries, then; violent deaths.”
Sherlock swallowed some and was silent for a moment, “John... You have to tell me that you are going to keep your promise...”
In other news i'm super angry... so i wanted to do a year of study abroad in London but then i thought.... oh why not go there my last year of school and be an international student and graduate there and then just continue to live there! that way i wont lose contacts... blah blah. so i emailed this guy who then told me to email this address instead of him so i did and i heard nothing.... DX so after three weeks i emailed the guy back and he told me that he would check. Wellllll it turns out they just didnt get my email so i resent it and SHE TOLD ME THAT THEY DONT ACCEPT PEOPLE HALF WAY THROUGH THEIR DEGREE UNLESS THEY HAVE JUST COMPLETED THEIR FIRST YEAR!!! technically i should be a junior (Which is a third year) but i took a year off school....... so i have only completed the first year of college...which means i can still apply... and if that is not a coincidence.... because i would have started this semester but missed the deadline... and now im finding this out before i can apply for next semester... however, i dont know if my dad will let me apply and go there for three years and thats what makes me upset and sad because i want this more than life....... and it's my dream college... but i feel like he wont let me do it.... and i think that will kill me...
John nodded slowly and for the rest of class didn’t speak to him. He wanted to cry again, but he was in the middle of class and he would not break down no matter how much he wanted to. The class seemed to drag on forever, John just wanted out so that he could go home... or to Zack's house. His father was in jail, sure, but John didn’t want to take the chance... and with Mycroft being the one to throw him in jail he didn’t know if that would stay or if Mycroft would set him free now that the experiment was over. Surely, Mycroft had to be in on it the whole time… and if he wasn’t he would definitely side with his brother.
“You’ll learn to love it.” Sherlock smirked and started to walk out of the shop. “No one will ever even know it’s there.”
Irene didn’t intervene – mainly, because this was true. She had a major crush on Sherlock, but he never seemed interested – even when she walked around naked in the back of the arcade. Though, she did only do that the once. She was quite jealous of John if she was perfectly honest. He was a lucky man… a very lucky man indeed.
Sherlock was silent for a long moment, “All things end, love. I’m-“ He took a shaky breath and kissed the top of John’s head, “I’m not really here, but I need you to stay strong for me. Can you do that?”
Brian growled and stood up, “no, he bugs me and I had a bad day! You can stay here, but I’m going to make him suffer!” He hissed and started stalking towards Sherlock.
Sherlock took a shaky breath and then slowly walked back to his flat. He hadn’t ever told John about his time with Jim... When John was in the army he and Jim had been friends – until Jim went crazy and randomly disappeared. In a way, he supposed he didn’t tell John because he was afraid he was developing feelings for him, he later discovered that it was just fascination at having another person whose mind thought like his. When Sherlock finally realised he wasn’t infatuated with him, Jim had disappeared days later, he didn’t see a reason to bring it up. Sherlock thought that that would be the end of him, but apparently not.
John was left in the back seat covered in blood and crying hysterically. Mycroft swallowed hard and got out of the driver’s seat. He went to the back and pulled John out. He slowly lowered them both to the pavement and held him in his arms as he smoothed John's hair. “Shh… Everything will be alright, John. Everything is going to be just fine.”
John froze a bit and he really hoped it didn’t show... he didn’t really hear anything she said after ‘Mrs. Turner’, but she seemed to keep talking. He wandered over and sat down again as his brain whirled with thought... surely it couldn’t be the same one could it? He was over reacting because there was probably many ‘Turners’ in the world. He sighed and shook his head to clear his thoughts just as Sherlock was jumping up and down. John blinked rapidly because he was jumping around the room in an excited fashion and John wondered what he could have possibly missed...
Sherlock growled and balled up his fists. Mycroft was stupid and didn’t understand anything, “Fuck. Off!!”
“Oh... I was just wondering if you could give me a few tips in practice today…” He smiled sheepishly at him and ducked his head.
“Oh! That’s a friend!” Sherlock grinned brightly and then winced because John would now think he was mental!! “Well... I say friend.” He gave a slight smile and swallowed... it didn’t exactly clear the awkwardness, but it was better than Sherlock stating that that was basically his only friend.
“You’ll thank me one day. Just you wait.” She muttered bitterly and stuffed a piece of orange chicken in her mouth.
Sherlock acted like nothing happened. He just kept walking and looking around and John never wanted to let go. However, his phone started ringing and he cursed under his breath. “One moment,” He gave him an apologetic smile and walked away from Sherlock. He leaned up against a tree and answered it.
“NO!!!” He screamed and threw the bag at Sherlock, sending the powder flying everywhere, he didn’t care if Sherlock complained about how expensive that was. “I don't care! I don't want to hear it! I asked! I was open to you and told you everything! And instead of coming to me for help you just hid it away and tried to get high when you thought I wasn’t fucking looking!” He snapped and his chest was heaving. “I fucking asked you that night if there was anything else – any other bloody secret you had to share with me and you told me there wasn’t. I fucking knew you were lying, but I didn’t realise it would be to this bloody extent! Show me your fucking arm.”
. It was a lot easier to talk to people with John, but he didn’t have John at the moment. John always seemed to make people appear less stupid than they actually were, or at the very least made it tolerable to be around stupid people.
Brian had left that morning and was going to be away for the week so he was completely alone. He walked into the kitchen to make tea and shoot up a bit when he frowned. On the table was a box filled with letters and a note lying on top of it. He walked over to the box and slowly picked up the note.
"John..." Claire whispered. "Please calm down..." She reached her hand out a little bit, something he could grab onto and support himself, but he ignored the offer.
John pulled out his phone and played with it in his hands. He took a sharp breath and quickly texted something else and sent it to Sherlock.
“Sigar!!” Lily Holmes gasped as she watched her youngest son deflate, despite what Sherlock told everyone about not caring about what his father thought. About hating his father and wanting nothing to do with him, he did try to impress him. Deep down he really did want a father figure, and he wanted to make his father proud.
John smiled and slowly put them over Sherlock's head and around his neck, “Yeah. They look good on you. Plus, it’s clear to me how much you love them. I want to give you something of mine and it’s the perfect option.” He said softly and rolled off of him so that he could lay next to him, he was a bit peeved by the sticky mess on his tummy, but he couldn’t be bothered to get up so he would just deal with it.
“I’m not going to stand up here and tell stories about my mother because frankly I don’t think any of you, except for John, are worthy of hearing them.” John cleared his throat loudly and Sherlock glared at him. “John is getting mad at me for saying that – even though I still stand by it completely. But he’s giving me that look so I suppose I should change the subject now...” He cleared his throat again and stared down at the podium. “My mother believed in angels and how once we die we become an angel... That our sole purpose in life now is to help the people that need the most help.
The voice was so soft and so sweet and he knew that voice. Why did he know that voice? It was like he was in a fog and he couldn’t see, he couldn’t think, and he couldn’t hear, but somehow those words got to him, even if they sounded so far away. All he could focus on was John’s body being lifted away, being taken further and further away from him. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to figure out who was talking to him... He racked his brain and tried to push everything down... and then it hit him and his eyes snapped opened.
He locked himself in his room and sat down at his desk, once the letters came he would lock himself away because it felt more private. These were precious moments of time and he didn’t want to share them with anyone. Rainbow jumped in his lap and purred happily, he still hated people... everyone actually and the only person he liked or even got close to was Sherlock. In a way that made Sherlock's heart swell, but in a different way than when John made it do that.
A deep voice on the other end cleared his throat before speaking, “Mr. Holmes, we need an emergency helicopter to land in Afghanistan, a soldier has been wounded.”
“Oh, that’s rather sad...” John frowned some, holding onto his hand happily, “I shall protect you from all ducks in the future!!” He said firmly as he stuck out his chest.
John took a shower and got dressed. He brushed and flossed his perfect teeth and then went downstairs to say goodbye to his mum and sister.
“THEN WHY DID YOU LEAVE ME IN THE FIRST PLACE!!!!” He screamed and then winced, his throat was still raw from the tube they had inside of him.
“John...” A soft voice whispered quietly as a hand came down and gently shook John. “John, wake up. We have to get ready for school.” It said quietly.
“Bellfire laughed weakly and then coughed. ‘You'll get on just fine without me. I'm a silly old fairy, really, I was quite useless at helping you.’
Sherlock froze slightly and pulled away, slightly puzzled and confused. He honestly hadn’t thought about that, all he was thinking about was how much he needed John. And the thought of… well the thought of going further terrified him that he didn’t even know what to say. He just stared at John, blinking and opening and closing his mouth like a fish.
Sherlock kissed John's head softly as he reached between their bodies and grabbed both of their hardening pricks in his hand. He wanted to say something as he stroked the both of them, but he didn’t know what to say without breaking down. John seemed content on staying quiet though, the only noises that escaped him were soft and beautiful.
Sherlock blinked from his tree as he watched John. He was confused and nothing made sense and he didn’t know why John was so shaky… he was practically vibrating and screaming and he wished more than anything that he could go up and ask the blond headed boy what had just happened, but he couldn’t. So he stayed by his tree and watched John with fascination, trying to figure out what happened.
Sherlock filled the bath and climbed into the water. He sunk down so that he was as low as he could go, but he could still breathe. He often wondered about John and to be honest it probably wasn’t healthy on how much he thought about John, but he couldn’t help it. Especially when he saw how John looked every day. He looked horrible, and Sherlock was incredibly grateful he had shared that story with him. If anything John would only keep himself alive so Sherlock wouldn’t win, and that was enough.
Sherlock was at a loss of words. He didn’t know what to say other than the fact that John was probably the best boyfriend in the world and no one would convince him otherwise. He swallowed again because his emotions were trying to crawl up his throat and spill over. There were so many of them… He felt guilty for doubting John, He felt overwhelmed that he had solved a case – his first case! And they believed him! They were taking him seriously and he even got paid. He was just feeling so much that it was almost too much, but he would be professional in from of the DI. Sherlock cleared his throat a bit and smiled. “Thank you… for listening to John.”
Sherlock just laughed softly and stood up. "Oh! Stop being so dramatic, school can be fun!" He teased because it most definitely couldn't. He supposed maybe it could be fun for some people, but it was certainly not fun for Sherlock and it wasn’t fun for John either. He decided to walk to the bathroom to take a quick shower.
Regan stuck out her hand and shook it firmly, “Nice to meet you, John.” She grinned and sipped at her beer.
John frowned slightly and walked towards the kitchen, but Sherlock growled more, “Don’t come in here! I’m obviously busy!” He snapped and John froze slightly because this was not the Sherlock he remembered... not the Sherlock he remembered at all. He didn’t like this Sherlock one bit and he didn’t understand why Sherlock was being so mean. Sure, he thought John was dead and he had anger about that, but this… this just felt different.
Memories forced themselves in between the chaos of his thoughts. Shop, cafe, drug den. He cringed at that thought. And then… dancing. Endless dancing.
to do. Even being in the middle of a warzone hadn't stood in the way of John Watson being a doctor. There was only one thing that had stopped him so far and that had been his injury from being shot. This was really the only cause Sherlock could think of which could interrupt or end John's career as a doctor — injury, illness, death. Evidently, John wasn't dead — Sherlock shivered at the mere hint of that thought — and last time he had seen him, walking out of Baker Street without even bothering to climb the stairs even though Sherlock was finally awake after a pretty nasty breakdown, John hadn't seemed to be injured either. If he hadn't been harmed within the last 24 hours, which didn't seem to be the case given the recent phone call, there was left the option of illness which Sherlock could rule out considering… Sherlock's thoughts came to a screeching halt. Could he rule that out? Why? How? Not
... And true to John’s fear, Sherlock’s head snapped up and he narrowed his eyes—showing his opponent the perfect sore spot to further dig his greasy fingers in.
"I also love dancing, as you know, always have, but never got the chance to make use of that. Through certain circumstances I was offered the opportunity to combine both—the dressing and the dancing—so of course I took that chance. And I liked it. A lot. Until I was given to understand that the business was, indeed, 'business' and not for fun, mind you." He rolled his eyes. "That's why I had to stop that on a regular basis as well."
"I certainly hope not!" Sherlock said sincerely and in a rush of warmth flooding his stomach John had to press his lips on his detective's skin again; on his shoulder, on his nape, on his cheek, on his temple; until he reached the corner of his mouth and Sherlock tilted his head a bit so that, in an awkward angle but still, John could steal a kiss from that tempting mouth.
Sherlock shuffled and turned to look John in the face. His eyes were earnest when they roamed John's face.
In retrospect, he maybe shouldn't have begged. He got his request fulfilled much quicker than expected and 'Be careful what you wish for' had never been truer!
He knew they’d done it. They’d taken the first hurdle. The biggest one, because from here on it was merely looking for the right path. But at least they were facing the same direction. They’d go that path together. That’s all that counted. They’d get there.
“Your old clubs?” John asked, perplexed. But Sherlock just ignored it and continued as if he hadn’t heard.
His mind whirled with all these reflections. This destroyed everything he had fought for, what he tried to build. This disturbed everything. What was he supposed to do about it? About the fights with John? About the icy atmosphere in 221B? About John drifting farther and farther away from him? It was an utter mess! He felt as if he was losing his grip, losing focus, his well organised mind jumbled and muddled and utterly useless.
John screamed and shook him a bit, “HOW FUCKING LONG, SHERLOCK?” He didn’t need an answer; the way Sherlock was avoiding it told him everything he needed to know. No, he didn’t know the exact time, but he knew it was very soon after Sherlock received news.
Oh!! Also there are two quotes in here that i took! One is from Doctor Who and the other is from Third Star! Damn i love that movie!
Donna blinked a little bit. Sherlock was standing there smiling like a Cheshire cat. It was a bit unnerving in a way, but nevertheless she stepped into his flat with The Doctor by her side.
“Well, what are you waiting for?” He snapped, he couldn’t sit around here all day and wait for Sherlock to make a stupid decision.
John clenched his jaw and looked away, because Sherlock was right. Well, okay Sherlock not sitting in his chair was annoying him, but actually Sherlock just existing was annoying him so it really was about the bigger picture. “Don’t you dare say I don’t trust you.” He growled. Because he did, he trusted Sherlock with everything he had, but this wasn’t about trust. This was about communication and the willingness to be open with each other. This was about Sherlock not trusting
“Still! It’s cold and I’m tired! We’ve been out here for hours,” He grumbled. “How about you just admit that we are lost?”
Sherlock had no idea how long he did this for and he didn’t hear the sirens in the distance. He didn’t hear them approaching, but he felt the hands trying to pull him away and lift John up and he screamed. No one was going to take John away from him! He would live! Sherlock knew he would, but people were holding him back and he didn’t know why! And it wasn’t fair because now John was going to die and he was in shock, he knew he was, but he couldn’t stop it and he didn’t know what was going on and he still felt like he was drowning and it never ended and he needed to apologise and say he was sorry, but he couldn’t because John wouldn’t hear him anyway! John was going to die and it was all because these
John pointed the gun at the frightened man and smirked evilly, “What’s your name and why did you involve yourself in mine and Sherlock's business?” He raised an eyebrow.
Mycroft made a face and finally looked up from the newspaper, “Quite the opposite actually. I do not wish to engage in sexual intercourse… therefore I do not seek it.”
John was shivering like a mad man, but hugged him back nonetheless. Sherlock took his hand and they both went back home, though, John wasn’t feeling too well so he just went straight to bed. After taking a shower Sherlock joined him. He would get hell from Garrett tomorrow for not even showing up, but he got to spend a day with John in the rain so he supposed that was good enough. Even though they both froze to the bone.
“No! I’m just brilliant! I have been tracking you for months, Doctor, months!! I need to know how it works!” He flailed a bit and was still grinning.
“Sherlock, please....” John whispered firmly, his last plea to Sherlock, “Or I’m going to walk away right now and I’m not going to come back.” And he would, because he couldn’t keep doing this. This relationship wasn’t healthy, it was abuse. It wasn’t doing any of them good and it would only get unhealthier if John kept threatening to leave, but never followed through. They couldn’t both live like that.
John shook his head. “No, it’s ok. Really I’m fine, suppose it will be good to stop hanging out with those pricks for a while anyway.”
The Doctor frowned again and walked to the door. He slowly opened it and blinked, “Sherlock… There isn’t a dragon out here…”
Mike shook his head, “I’m not saying you have to find someone... especially if you don’t want to, but I’m saying don’t tell yourself you can’t feel things because I know you can... and I know you care for your staff... you’re good to them, mostly.”
Sherlock woke up a while later and sniffled some. He didn’t say anything, he just felt John playing with his hair, he loved the feeling, but they needed to talk. Slowly, he turned his head and looked up at John.
Claire clenched her jaw because that was a sensitive subject for her, “You want to fucking die so much? You want to leave me and everyone else behind? Do it! Be my fucking guest, John! I don’t have an obsession with you. I couldn’t care less if you lived or died just DO IT!!!!” she screamed without even thinking and threw the box of fried rice across the room.
… He sat on the couch, sighing slightly as he worked on his computer. He wasn’t really doing anything important, but he needed to work on something or his mind was going to drive him mental. He was also exhausted, but he knew that going up to the guest bedroom would prove useless. The thought of sleeping somewhere Brian used to sleep was not pleasing in the slightest.
!!!” He screamed and then kicked the bed because he needed to hit something and Sherlock wasn’t an option. He would
even knows who you are, but he wouldn’t stop saying your name! And maybe he’s just heard rumours about you, and he’s trying to save his life, but you’re probably the most powerful man in fucking Britain and no one knows that, so the fact he won’t stop mumbling your name when he’s conscious is a bit suspicious to me.”
Three months after John’s death all of the stories were leaked. All of the people he killed were revealed and all of the cold cases that involved him were solved. After police had all the information on John Watson everyone considered him the best assassin in the world. He was known worldwide and was famous... and even though that wasn’t the best title to be remembered by... Mike knew that he would have loved it.
“John! How dare you even say that! I have been clean for years now!” He grumbled a bit, but then smiled again. “But you really must tell me how cars work! They obviously just don’t go!”
Claire took a breath, “John, you have five seconds to open this door or I’m coming in.” She pressed her ear up to the door to see if she could hear the sounds of his footsteps, but sadly she couldn’t. However, she still waited five seconds before sticking the key in and turning it, only it didn’t turn because it was already unlocked... When she realised that she took a shaky breath, John probably just didn’t lock it yet, too busy snogging her or something. Only, she couldn’t shake the feeling in the pit of her stomach as dread filled her even more.
“You will be… I can almost guarantee it…” He had to make his walking slower because John wasn’t a very fast walker, especially when he was walking backwards.
Sherlock had ignored this for the first little while thinking that John would eventually stop, but he didn’t. “What’s stupid?” he finally asked, he knew John wasn’t repeating the word to get Sherlock to ask that question, but perhaps if he asked the question he would stop the repeating.
He sighed, “Had sex a couple of times – though that didn’t even start until two weeks ago even though I’ve been back a month and a half. He even admitted to fucking Brian the first week I was back. Or sometimes we’ll get close to having sex and he’ll just up and leave without so much as an explanation. Not to mention he’ll just up and leave even if we are in the middle of it because he gets a text. Sort of like sex isn’t even a big deal to him, just another every day activity, but it means so much to me…,” He sighed again and shook his head, “He just yells at me mostly when we aren’t trying to have sex... he used to be so kind.”
Sherlock smirked to John. He felt a warm feeling in his stomach at the fact that he could make John's anger go away. “Oh no… don’t do that… he’s like a hoover! He’ll just inhale it!” John giggled harder and walked a little closer to Sherlock. Just a little bit. The average person wouldn’t have even noticed, but Sherlock wasn’t average and he very much noticed.
“You aren’t listening!! John! I-“ But John wasn’t having it, he cut him off once again and really Sherlock couldn’t blame him.
John's jaw set. He did not like that word… not one bit. “Don’t say that.” he said firmly. He hoped Sherlock was still asleep, which was a fairly stupid hope because his father was screaming.
“Not here. Not now.” Sherlock said softly, planting tiny kisses along John’s brow and on his temple. His hands had made their way to John’s neck, brushing up and down over the short strands on his nape. John sighed and relaxed into the caress. “So,” Sherlock murmured between kisses, “the handsome tough womaniser opened your eyes… Wouldn’t have thought that was your type?!” John dug his fingertips into Sherlock’s sides, tickling him, making him chuckle and jerk in surprise.
Watson, pull yourself together and man up! For God’s sake! Don’t be such a chicken!! What could go wrong except everything?!
"And?" asked Sherlock, softly, while gently pushing John away, just enough to create some space for him to finish freeing John's shirt. John did take a step back, however he couldn’t bring himself to break the touch, to let go of Sherlock. He couldn’t—not now; not ever again. His hands lingered on Sherlock’s hips, and in wonder his fingers traced tender lines on the hot skin just above the waistband. When Sherlock slipped the last previously hidden button through its hole John’s shirt fell open and hung loosely over his shoulders. John shivered, although not from being cold.
“Well, that’s good. I guess…” He should be happy for John. He should be grateful for Greg. He tried. But he couldn’t bring himself to say any more. It didn’t take long for John to catch up.
"I normally don't come that close, John. Normally it's all pure acting. It wasn't with you." Sherlock said calmly.
Thunderstruck, John stood rooted into place. He tried to grasp what had just happened. John was quite certain that he hadn’t been the only one who had felt the gravity of the moment. Who had felt the pull towards each other. The almost… something. Why then did Sherlock leave? Wait... did John
“Sure. Yeah. Absolutely.” With a side glance through the kitchen window which faced the opposite bank of the Thames, John agreed. “Good plan.” ‘
"Sherlock!" John whined, "stop making fun of me. I think it's enough. Message received…" Africa, definitely Africa!
“But what ...?” were the only words John could think of to ask, gesturing vaguely in the direction of the club’s front door.
John groaned; didn’t he know too well what that tongue was capable of and what such a simple lick could do to a man? His cock seemed to remember pretty well as it insistently showed its interest in a demonstration.
“That would mean, Sherlock, that you didn’t take everything into account. You told me that you can’t do things 'by halves'. That it is ‘all or nothing’ for you… That,
the reason why John was gone? Did he want to be independent? Of course, Sherlock had decided to arrange exactly that for John at the exact same moment, but maybe that had been coincidence? Would the universe be that lazy? Who cares about the universe anyway? It didn't really matter at this point. The only thing that mattered was helping John.
"Oh, is that so?" Sherlock released John's neck, grinning impishly. "Well, in that case… better not waste time." he said and slid down John's body and under the covers in one smooth motion. On his way, he ran the tip of his tongue over John's skin in one straight line without lingering anywhere, waking it in rapid speed, leaving John no chance to react other than moan loudly and give himself over to the sensation. The unprocessed tickle it left in its wake, seeped through his skin, pulsing in dizzying waves of diffuse warmth through his neurons.
together…they never have been together that way, so they couldn’t be back to it! Right? Obviously! And considering the amount of time spent in their shared living arrangement in comparison to the period of separation in relation to the overall duration of their… friendship, it was questionable if it could even be considered 'being back'. That would imply a vast amount of time in a permanent arrangement to even come back to. So, maybe it would be more appropriate to say… since he moved in again.
“No, really, John.” Greg said, serious now. “It would be a damn shame if this went to hell. You have to talk to him!” He insisted.
Sherlock thought irritated by himself. Yes, John missed the old times. And yes, John had cried. And yes, John was sentimental. He always was. But this was a bit too much, even for John, wasn’t it? So, what could probably cause these tears? Was it truly just melancholy about the old days John craved for so desperately? Or was it rather something like disappointment about the developments of their shared life? Maybe even regrets about having come back to 221B in the first place and expecting their former life to continue unchanged. Presumably the tears were an expression of how much John was already resigned to the failure of any prospect of improvement! Most likely it was a combination of all of it. From John’s point of view there was nothing desirable left in this way of life, so it seemed. But why... why was he still here? Why would he make them both endure this?
“Favour?” Like venom the word dripped from Sherlock’s lips. “You conspired. Behind my back.” Sherlock backed away, retreated from Mycroft. Like a child from a bonfire burning too bright. “We had an agreement, Mycroft. We had a
"Told you so." John whispered in his ear, not faltering in his ministrations. "Your own problem if you still underestimate me."
John swallowed. And swallowed again. His voice refused to cooperate. When the tightness in his throat finally eased a bit, it came out raspy.
“No? Is it not?” John tilted his head and looked at Sherlock daringly. When nothing came forth John nodded satisfied and continued.
conversation at all. Greg thought that the email from Sherlock was 'talking’? John himself hadn't seen it in this light, yet. After all, the last time John had actually talked to Sherlock face to face was almost a week ago.
Sherlock, who had now retreated from his efforts to neck-nibble John into bed and had made an immediate mood-jump to sulking, growled and snatched the phone out of John’s hands.
He actually didn’t really care much, he decided, when Miss Pirate started to roll her torso along the pole in waves, long neck stretched sinfully while her head was bent backwards to rest in her nape. She fluidly alternated between thrusting her hips and pushing her chest against the metal so that the rod was pushing into the crease between her breasts as much as the corset allowed it to. That alone would have been enough to bring a simpler soul, not used to the assault on a man’s libido that was a Miss Pirate in full swing, to the brink of orgasm. However Miss Pirate, of course, had to top it by propping first one than the other foot up to intensify the grinding, until she was held up by one of her lean arms high over head, holding on tight to the pole, her hips hanging low between her bent knees spread as wide as possible. Her other hand was trailing down along the arm holding her up, over her neck, tracing the line the pole formed against her body from between her breasts over the flat belly up to her waist. John was relieved that her splayed hand flattened the front of her skirt over her groin, hiding what John considered his territory… restricted area! If he had thought that would make it more decent he hadn’t entertained the idea that said splayed hand didn’t stop her way down—or rather… back—as it slid further and further between the spread thighs, until John was sure it must reach places it shouldn’t reach for on stage for everyone to witness. Okay, maybe not only a simpler soul was on the brink of coming.
Sherlock could still feel the song waver through his mind, knew the lyrics by heart. But he was curious to listen to it and to imagine  being in John’s place instead. How might John have experienced it, heard it?
Apparently, he had been lost in  memories after all, because he hadn’t noticed Sherlock approaching him.
There was a stretched silence. He could picture John hesitating, weather to hang up or to be the considerate man he was and end the call
"I actually think I do…" he laughed at Sherlock's doubting huff. "Full same for me when I see you dancing, you know. Of course you do, how could you not…" he chuckled and Sherlock joined in. "I think that it's not even necessarily your pirate that does it for me," John continued, caressing Sherlock's face with his hands and his gaze. "It's just… you. Good God, your body, Sherlock…" he groaned, his own body shuddering from the tingle sizzling through his nervous system at the thought. "I don't know how that pole doesn't melt in your hands…"
His mouth occupied, his mind too dizzy to form words, John went back to humming, his mouth against Sherlock's, sending tingling vibrations through both their lips, exaggerated by the water pulling the sensation along down their skin.
"Take a seat. Sofa, kitchen, doesn't matter. Get comfortable." He instructed Mycroft while he walked over to the kitchen area. Only when he poured the second cup of tea and wondered if Greg would like one too, he started to question what he was actually doing. Tea? Seriously? Outside nearly tropical temperatures
On a more serious note: here you can find information on tucking, but also binding and other non-surgical options to alter your physics according to your gender.
"Oh, still not enough? Going all multilingual on me now?" John pushed just the tip of one finger inside Sherlock and now kneaded the sensitive flesh through his walls, rolling it between finger and thumb, avoiding his prostate just so.
“Let me guess,” he said, completely unnecessarily. And completely ignoring the fact that his own cock was weeping from frustration by now as well. Quite literally… “They’re most likely skin tight as well.” His mouth watered at the mere thought of it.
Splaying her hands again and gliding towards his sides, his shoulders, surely with the intention to get rid of his shirt, her right hand stopped it’s trail abruptly at the most vulnerable piece of his whole body. John let his head drop forward. He didn’t know what to expect.
“This is not how I wanted this to go, John.” Sherlock kept looking at John as if he wanted to transport something just by looking. “All I wanted to tell you, is that it is not your fault. Nothing of it. It never was. It’s me, okay? And I'm sorry.”
the thought of gently sturdy hands undressing him made his nerves light up, made something in his belly stir and quiver. He tried to calm it, pressed his flat hand on the spot just below his navel under which the turmoil only flourished even more …
“And you gained all that from the two times you spied on me?” He even tilted his head a bit, a trace of suspicion in his voice.
Trying to figure out all of the why’s Sherlock  shifted effortlessly from sulking-mode into mind-palace-mode, released his ears and steepled his fingers under his chin, upper arms resting on his chest while he was still lying on his back. His gaze went from fiercely staring to abstractedly distant in a blink.
Sometimes he sat in his chair, the flat quiet and empty and his thoughts would drift off to a time he tried to forget, a time he has been sitting in the same chair for days on end, a time where the same feelings had haunted him, where he thought he would never have a chance to make it up to Sherlock ever again. He had been so alone, he owed Sherlock so much… Now that he was given this chance, he wasn’t allowed to repay the debt, which he still felt was too great a burden to carry on his shoulders.
"Well, alright…," John said, voice pretended cheerfully, but also throaty and a little rough. The way a voice sounded over held back tears.
Sherlock took his hand, pulled him in the direction of his bedroom and John Watson's last remaining brain cell capitulated and packed it's bag for a long-term vacation.
John had felt punched in the gut at this sight. Sherlock had looked miserable and drained. It reminded John of Shezza. For a short moment he had been worried he was too late, that Sherlock had already been back on drugs. He had been horrified at the thought that Sherlock had shot up in the span of time that John had lost sight of him, that Sherlock would overdose and collapse in front of John’s very eyes.
“First of all, you’re still alive. And second, if I recall correctly, it was actually sexual intercourse that we had.”
she had been there, helped him, seen him. She had witnessed on the front line what he was capable of. What he had done. To John. What he was doing again. She had said herself, that she had seen John suffering, saw him suffering now, knowing that it was Sherlock who had done that to him. And still, she had come here, deliberately to tell him to move things on with John. She told him not to hurt John again… and encouraged him to get closer nonetheless? She trusted him to get this right? Despite everything?
“Well, I hope enough...” Sherlock beamed like the cat that got the cream. “At least enough to give them time to refill their stock. I refrained from buying wax though as that wasn't quite the success. However, for some reason I took a particular liking to the soothing lotion so I ordered that nonetheless. Wouldn't do any harm, I thought...” Sherlock got up and sauntered in John’s direction, who was very vividly reminded of the way Sherlock’s Pirate had roamed the audience the night before. Only now, there was no-one else but him and the smokey vampire-owl eyed beauty in nothing but his burgundy dressing gown. Fuck all the other guys—this man had chosen him, John Idiot Watson; how could he have ever doubted that…
He realised only then, that he hadn't seen Miss Pirate leaving the stage during her performance, blessing the delighted audience with her company, since this dreadful case had started; even though it had been
God, he would never have been able to estimate what it would feel like if that untamed and boisterous part of Sherlock would be unleashed on an emotional level. He was like a force of nature, like a storm sweeping John from his feet; John was only able to stand a chance by giving back just as much and, oh, wasn't that the most intoxicating and explosive and dangerous combination? But then, that's what they had always been, in all possible circumstances. Why had he expected it would be any different on a physical level.
"Why are people threatening to eat me alive?" Sherlock asked, absolutely at a loss. "They even claim that I've murdered them, multiple times even, which is ridiculous considering they themselves are stating it."
“That’s not what she…” he started angrily, ready to defend Miss Pirate's and Sherlock’s honour at all costs.
There was nothing left of the grace and beauty John had witnessed, nothing of the accuracy of each movement, nothing of the power and determination he had seen.
Mycroft turned his head and watched John for a moment with a serious gaze, probably taking in John’s state of clothing and surely making all the deductions he needed. After a while he took a deep breath and spoke again: “John…” he paused for a moment, his eyes not leaving John’s face. “John”, he started again. “What are your intentions with my brother?”
He had hesitated a moment before picking up. He wasn't sure if talking was the best thing to do right now. He didn't know what to say anyway. Nothing. And too much at the same time. It was infuriating!
In the meanwhile the hand had reached the waistband of his jeans, hastily unhooking his belt, flipping open the button and lowering the zip with relish.
Still holding John tight, holding onto him as if being afraid of letting go, the detective added: “I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. Potential flatmates should know the worst of each other.”
Seriously?' “So, ‘taking center stage’ was meant quite literally then?” He hadn’t felt this excited about a case for ages. But then, the excitement probably wasn’t solely about the case. Or rather, not about the actual case at all…
Having regained his assurance, his confidence, his power, he picked up on the music and his body came to life, started whirling through the room. In cautious turns first, both feet on the ground, hesitant to lose grip; soutenues, starting slow, getting faster and faster; Sherlock keeping his focus on a fixed point, turning his head at a tearing pace, protecting himself from getting dizzy.
"Shut up, Sherlock." ragged breathing. "Stop it. That's all long ago. It happened. It's done. I don't… I don't want that to stand between us. Constantly. I…"
"This is not funny, John. Complete strangers with ridiculous names like Big-D-Watson or Johnlock4evA or ShagCockHolmes… what is that even supposed to mean… they're offering…
“It’s troubling me because… I knew. All that time. Since then. That was the moment I realised I was bisexual. I
It was only confirmed when the email he had sent returned, couldn’t be delivered, address unknown. When he discovered that even the blog was closed down, one more piece of his world shattered to shreds. Absolutely no way left to contact him. No sign of life. All strings cut. That was the moment he had thought about the disc. That miraculous thing that had suddenly appeared out of nowhere while Sherlock had been dead. Which had appeared when John had already been numb from grief, had been about to give up, had hit rock bottom. That miraculous thing through which Sherlock had talked to him, through which he had talked to Sherlock. A connection like a lifeline where none had been for an eternity. The thing that had given him hope against all odds.
and if you want a no-show for your cock but don't want to tuck either, something like this might be your friend:
John was right. He always was. Boring! Except, it really wasn't. Nothing about John Watson was boring. He was right though, Sherlock had a lot to think about. He stared out of the window. Watched the people walk by without seeing them. Deeply lost in thoughts he startled when his mobile pinged. And pinged again. Sherlock looked around for it and got a bit frantic when it wouldn't stop pinging. He finally found it on his chair, apparently slipped out of the pocket of his dressing gown. With fumbling fingers he unlocked the screen.
They were on the wrong side of the street but Sherlock spotted it anyway. Didn't need to actually as he knew it was there.
Now? He was going to bed now? But they weren't done! Nowhere near! John, come on, you can't mean that!
Sherlock spread his arms wide - one last breath - and he let himself fall, forwards, creating a painfully familiar feeling of loss, of finality, of surrender.
Sherlock suddenly snapped back to life and sat up straight in his chair. What if that was it? What if John was ill? What if John had a non-visible disease. It had to be something influencing his thought processes though, his memories in particular. Sherlock frowned. Was John suffering from some form of amnesia that made him forget his most basic knowledge? That would indeed explain a lot lately. His odd behaviour, his sentimentality, the box full of memories, leaving his most precious belongings behind, forgotten… not knowing what he wanted to say on the phone… Sherlock swallowed hard. That had to be it. How had Sherlock managed to be so blind? How had he not seen this earlier?
Just the thought of Sherlock unsettled him. All sorts of feelings tumbled and got tangled in his body and mind. The dizziness of the booze didn't help to sort them. The antsy prickle of worry just beneath his diaphragm got muddled with the flurry of anticipation. The woozy lightheadedness mingled with the pleasant warm hum of attraction and temptation. There was a buzzing like current flooding his whole body, making his skin tingle, his heartbeat speed up. He wasn't able to keep apart if it was despair or desire, if it was exhaustion or excitement.
John got up and slowly followed Sherlock. He opened the bedroom door and — yes — there it was. In Sherlock’s hands, held up in front of him, was his “disguise” exactly as John remembered it; every little detail — the corset of purple velvet, the metal buttons and embroidery shimmering in the dim light of the bedroom; the lace and leather layered skirt which barely deserved its name; lace tights thin like spiderwebs slung around the hanger, side by side with the sinful and surely illegal lace panties; draped over the bar was the high-necked sleeveless blouse which made John’s gaze skip immediately to the long pale neck it was once clad on.
"The game is never over, Sherlock. Maybe we just need some new rules. Make our own game." John was clearly agitated, desperate. Sherlock realised that he had no more arguments against a stubborn and determined John Watson.
!!” He glared at Sherlock. “Really, you won’t like the punishment if I’d ever have to look at you foozled like the last time again.”
John let himself fall back on the deckchair. the sheets resting on his chest, still in a tight grip, he looked at the sky and the trees and the houses and the people walking by in the distance and everything felt far away from his own reality. He concluded, this couldn’t be it. He still didn’t understand. He wouldn’t stop until he did. He wanted to understand.
your loyalty and love for this fic means the world to me and is keeping me floating in a world weighing on all our shoulders! I hope you're all still safe and well and bear up as good as possible through these challenging times!! <3<3<3
John rolled his eyes but couldn’t help but chuckle a bit. The chuckle died on his lips the moment the figure took one step forward and moved into the light accompanied by the roaring thunder of firing cannons.
The moment Sherlock turned and strutted ahead of him, John burst into a fit of laughter, spotting the edge of a wax strip peeking out from between Sherlock’s arse cheeks.
"Preferably forever if you're amenable." John leaned over to speak into his ear and Sherlock felt the distant hum turn into a buzz that sizzled over his skin like the gaslike flames of his Bunsen burner.
He was glad about the short break Sherlock gave them, to calm them down a bit, to get back to their senses. Because he wanted to cherish this moment, he wanted it to be something to always be remembered.
Judging by the sound of it, Scott was doing exactly that and the fact that they were apparently having actual phone sex, not just a filthy story told to wank to, caused John’s body temperature to rise several hundred degrees what it felt like. His skin grew slightly damp under his clothes, his erection almost painfully trapped inside his denims. He popped the first few buttons of his shirt open to cool off at least the tiniest bit, but somehow it felt wrong shedding any clothing if Scott wasn’t the one ‘doing it’. Which was silly, of course, because the man was neither here nor could he see him. Scott however would probably still know…
As all the times before, there was no answer. If he was honest, he hadn't even expected one anymore. But it had been worth a try. By now the realities began to blur into one another, his mind no longer able to hold on to the rapid switch of the two layers of his consciousness...
When he finally got hold of the device, he got on his tiptoes to place a quick peck on the tip of Sherlock's nose and wiggled to create some space between them.
With that Mycroft cleared his face of the unaccustomed attempt at smiling, stopped turning his chair from one side to the other and placed his elbows on the table clasping his hands.
the warmth of his hand diffused like a thin layer over his skin, covering it with the tingling imagination of the gaze of dark hazel-blue eyes caressing every inch of his body. He couldn't help but gasp as his bodily sensations manifested themselves in very physical evidence of how affected he was …
"As you have now confirmed, regarding the fact that you called the landline, I'm indeed back at Baker Street."
Sherlock went over, closed the door and returned to the bed to let himself fall onto the covers like a stone. His breath going heavy, wet with unshed tears, with the pressure to keep living without wanting to… not for himself at least. He wouldn't live. But he had to survive.
"Uhm… yes. Exactly as it is on the screen." John shifted uneasily. "Sorry, if I hurt you Sherlock, I really…" but he didn't get any further because he suddenly had an arm full of Consulting Detective.
When their lips first met, John was blown away by the tenderness that spoke through Sherlock's touch. Who would have guessed how gentle and sweet that witty mouth could be.
, his consciousness caught up. Yeah, right. Sherlock had always talked to him even though John wasn't there. Sherlock had assumed John would know. John had been annoyed.
"Yes." Sherlock didn't even know what he was confirming. Probably the smile he imagined on John Watson's face. Or the gleam in John's eyes he knew was there. Or the tingling that got hold of his whole body. Or the tiny shiny undeniable trace of relief that wormed its way inside his heart. He'd see John again. The only remaining problem now was—how would he survive it?
He regretted it. All of it. He regretted all the things he had done. And all the things he hadn’t. He regretted making the disc, only to be afraid that Sherlock would never see it. He regretted what he had said, and everything he hadn’t said. What if he never got a chance again?
'Within yourself and within your mind, let’s find peace there.'... This next snippet which Sherlock grabbed out of the air seemed to confirm his fears.
Taking hold of one bony hip he stopped Sherlock in his needy thrusts. Flipping the trimmer in his hand he quickly checked there was no danger of cutting the man, before pressing the buzzing blunt handle of the device firmly against Sherlock’s perineum. Sherlock’s deep, long moan it caused nearly did John in. Bobbing his head he met Sherlock’s forceful thrust halfway, his lips tightly wrapped around his lovers straining erection. He sucked sharply each time he pulled back, beads of precome coating his tongue. The vigour of  the way Sherlock was now fucking his mouth, desperate for release, let no room for playful tonguing, so he only stiffened his tongue and pressed it against the underside of Sherlock’s cock, trapping and pushing it against his palate, increasing the pressure and friction. True to his expectations, Sherlock started swearing and babbling incoherently.
Sherlock looked up at him, his hands stilled. John smiled, although a bit forced, and shrugged slightly which made the shirt slide on his shoulders, opening wider, exposing more of his skin. He was hyper-aware of Sherlock’s breath ghosting over it.
"But then, there's still your love for risky cases and there's the regular pint with Lestrade. And probably also sexual intercourse." Sherlock contemplated.
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock! No! I’m not doing it! And ‘little vow’? I’m just ignoring that part for the moment, yeah?” John stemmed his hands on his hips. His intimidating attitude slightly altered by the fact that he had chucked his trousers to put them in the laundry and was now standing in front of Sherlock his shirt rumpled and partly unbuttoned hanging messily over his cotton pants, legs bare and feet covered in two different socks — a side-effect of quarantine induced indifference.
," the emphasis on the 'I' was as explicit as if painted bright red, "say otherwise. I don't care if he comes crawling and begging on his knees, John. No! Just no!"
“What I mean is… why are you angry now, right this moment. Have I done something wrong?” He lifted his eyes almost shyly and that destroyed the last ounce of John’s anger.
However, when Sherlock held his gaze while he pulled his knees up to his chest and opened them as wide as possible, John knew he was in trouble. This had no right to be this arousing considering the task at hand and his earlier not insignificantly intense orgasm. He needed all his strength to first see to Sherlock’s problem because, really, how can a genius be such an idiot.
John whimpered, he couldn’t stand this, this was torture and Sherlock knew it. Dammit! He was unable to do anything but stare and wait and try not to come in his pants this instant.
After they both settled on their chairs, the food was served and Mycroft's minions left. For a few moments they ate quietly, although Sherlock rather rearranged his food on his plate due to his still unsettled stomach.
He started to withdraw into his mind-palace, to a room which was empty except for a huge mirror! Nothing but his own reflection, focus on himself and nothing else. Nothing to distract him. Calmness flooded him, peace. Good.
There had always been so much comfort and camaraderie between them after solving a case. John had always marveled at Sherlock’s brilliance!
“Don't wait for me. I'll… yeah… cab.” he pointed with his thumb in a vague direction over his shoulder.
He stood up straight, head bent backwards, making him feel the stretch along his throat all the way up to his chin, the very tips of his curls caressing his nape and the crease where neck merged into upper back. His eyes closed, arms hanging by his sides, hands open and unbent, palms loosely resting against his thighs, he took a deep breath and concentrated, waiting. This was the only occasion he allowed his transport to get the better of his mind.
" while holding on to Sherlock's hips and thighs and slim waist. Running his hands up Sherlock's sides, over his chest, his nipples. Gliding down again over the rippling muscles of his belly.
“I assumed you’d know how to go about it. Not really my field of expertise.” And had Scott “Sex-Hotline Operator” whatever his name was also just said that? God, they really were quite the pair. It almost made John laugh again, hadn’t he felt that uncomfortable.
“So, here we are,” John said when the car took a corner. Sherlock looked outside and was startled to see that they already neared Battersea Power Station. All the while John was talking, he had paid no attention to the outside world and had missed how much time had gone by. The car slowed down, then stopped and John opened the door, hopped out and handed the driver some notes through his open window. Sherlock followed slowly, hesitantly. He looked sheepishly at John, no idea what to do next, but John only grabbed his hand and pulled him along while he led the way as if he belonged here.
When he found the song, he turned up the volume so that the music would fill the building like a wave of early summer air, smooth but elusive, filled with the scent of rain on the pavement and a shimmer of thunder and storm like a promise on the horizon. That’s exactly what he remembered to have smelled standing on the roof of Bart’s, that’s what is etched in his memory and couldn’t be deleted, no matter how hard he tried.
"There're people out there looking for me." Sherlock snarled and John froze. Had Sherlock spotted him? If he had, would the others have as well? Apparently not, he thought hearing those next words. However, they weren't a relief nonetheless.
John could feel his cheeks strain with the broad grin that was spreading on his face just thinking of Scott's ridiculous talk. That man had thrown him off balance even in his dreams. Apparently, it had kept his traumatised soldier’s mind occupied in a way that had allowed him to fall asleep again even after waking from his nightmares. That alone was a miracle.
"Well, I guess I might have been a tiny bit jealous…" John admitted, hugging Sherlock a bit tighter against his chest. He was happy to receive an answering squeeze of his forearms.
While they saw to their own respective beverages in silence, they were reminded of Greg’s presence by the background sound of splashing water and the man's cheerful whistle and singing. Now and then Mycroft threw uneasy glances the way of the little bathroom and when John after a while turned slightly to check for the reason, he realised that the narrow folding door was left ajar. Not as much to be indiscreet but enough to let the noise and bit of steam carry unhindered into the sitting room area. John was slightly annoyed and a bit taken aback by his friend's thoughtlessness and felt a bit embarrassed on his behalf. When the moment stretched on like this, he felt the time tick by and their chance to talk in private slink. John cleared his throat, no longer able to reign in his nervous impatience.
"Jesus Christ, Sherlock…" John wanted to step forward and get past the man holding him in place, but Sherlock was still standing solid as a rock—in more than one way though. He didn't even pretend to give a shit about John's advances to flee the scene and went on talking.
“You can’t have just a part of me,” he said, low, warm, but insistent. “You have to take all of me or nothing. Because that’s who I really am.” He searched John’s stupid moist eyes for a short moment before he murmured, “And I really really hope that you’ll decide to take the whole package.” A shy tentative smile lifted one corner of Sherlock’s beautiful mouth and flooded his eyes with warmth.
“That’s not exactly how it works. And you damn well know that, you git.” John had huffed about Sherlock’s silly behaviour.
All this was worrisome enough, but it was only the peak of an iceberg. The iceberg in this case was Sherlock being literally presented center stage, fully lit in blinding spot light. This left the audience area in an impenetrable darkness, which made the hair in John’s nape rise in alarm. To add to the not quite comforting display, Sherlock was flanked by the two gorillas that had followed around the man who called himself Spider and also, which made John’s blood boil, Miss Pirate’s self-proclaimed “fan”. The cherry on top of the iceberg-cake was the gun pointed at Sherlock by said fan. Well,
“No, one does not.” John said affectionately — he was aware that he sounded completely smitten but there was nothing to be done about it. He was entirely and completely done for. “I like it though,” he murmured. “On you, I like it.”
A shiver ran down John's spine hearing that form of address. Oh shit, he might enjoy this case-persona a tad too much.
"You're still using far too complicated words." John pressed his thumb even firmer down, ran two fingers teasingly over Sherlock's entrance. This elicited a long open mouthed moan from the detective and for a moment it wiped all words, complicated or not, from his mind. The moment John eased the pressure a bit though, he seemed to regain some mental capacities.
“Do you think it’s a good idea to engage in club hopping in these times. Yesterday already was pretty crazy. It’s really worrying that all those people seem to care a fuck about safety measures and actually I feel pretty shit to be one of them. I know it was for a case. And I know we put ourselves at risk there ourselves. I thought that it had been it though, yesterday, one night. But now? Generously spreading what we might have caught throughout all of London’s nightlife? Let alone even more risk for us? For everyone around us?” John got more and more agitated the longer he thought about it.
Now, that threw John’s mind completely off the rails—the combination of cuffs and saber, the first around Sherlock’s wrists, the second in his own hands, running the sharp tip along soft inner thighs, rendering the man beneath him at his mercy, coerced into immobility due to the risk of injury. He would never,
“Sorry, I was… I thought I’d make use of the nice weather and… the boat, you know, have to keep up, needs a lot of maintenance…,” he rambled. Still not looking at John.
“We followed him, John. I assumed this would happen in some way. But even I had underestimated the effect it would have.” Mycroft cleared his throat. “He walked the streets for a while… well shuffled would fit it better I guess. I assumed he would seek shelter in one of his boltholes. But he never headed for one of them, not even gotten close to them. As if he downright avoided them.”
Sherlock throwing back his head, his curls bouncing and sweaty, spreading his arms turning into a fading memory of a dark coat billowing over the body falling down, falling in slow motion, falling endlessly, nobody there to catch….
She swallowed, nodded, turned and walked away; and left John behind, who stared after her—confused, angry, frightened and… alone.
This time though, he wanted to get it right. He wanted nothing more than to right all the wrongs on the path of his that had led to this point. The path
“I think…” he said slowly. "Well… this isn't my decision to make. You'll have to ask John himself. I can't estimate his reaction to these news. Now we have background information… I don't know...”
Sherlock would never tell John if he had called him last night, too drunk to even remember all the things he had said. Of course that would also mean that John would never get to know how much Sherlock would like to kiss him as well. That however would be a shame, wouldn't it.
It was on John’s mind almost constantly. During the nights he watched out for any shady money exchanges, in the daytime he wondered how Sherlock managed to act completely unfazed. Maybe because he was. But what did that imply? Dammit, he had to stop this! What did it matter anyway? John tried to convince himself that it didn’t. But failed…
When he entered the living room, Sherlock stood in front of the windows, facing away from him. Even though the man didn't turn or acknowledge him otherwise, John was absolutely certain that Sherlock had noticed him. It was the minuscule shift in the tense line of his shoulders and a note played a fraction of a second too late that gave him away.
“So, what are we doing now?” John asked mockingly, still chuckling, when they were back in the bathroom. However, Sherlock’s tiny insecure shrug and sincerely embarrassed face melted his heart. He stepped closer and pressed a firm kiss on his partner’s mouth.
John just stared at him. When he didn’t say anything, Sherlock continued: “And probably it would be wise to use some more … sauce… if you plan to take that thing as a whole into your mouth,” which was when his gaze dropped to John’s mouth and John couldn’t do anything but swallow. He felt heat rising in his face and not only there. “And it would be much more … delicious,” Sherlock said pointedly, “if you took your time, even if your hungry for it! And John,” he looked up again and locked gazes with John. John nodded. He didn’t even know why he did that. Sherlock held his gaze and purred: “Don’t bite! And don’t forget to swallow!”
Sighing he looked up; dusk had already settled upon London's roofs. When had that happened? He checked his watch and frowned perplexedly. It was late already, he had even missed his favourite pre-primetime sitcom. The one he didn’t even remember the name of. That one with those...people and that city. Nevermind.
“No! No, no!" John negated much too eagerly. When Greg eyed him suspiciously, John quickly added: "You know, just quickly checking my inbox. Lost track and all now I’m not working and stuff…,” he made one more lame attempt, but the words died on his lips the moment he saw the sceptical raised eyebrow on his friends face.
John rolled onto his side and pulled one of those ridiculously long legs closer, hugged it tight against his chest. He peppered the smooth shaved… no, wait… waxed skin of shin and calf with kisses until the heaviness of the bone-deep satisfaction of a powerful orgasm took over and made him drop his head back onto the sheets. Sherlock freed himself of John's no longer very strong hold and crawled up to lay down again facing John. Their gazes met, they locked eyes and grinned foolishly at each other.
With an apparently omnipotent not-yet-brother-in-law John was able to transform the upstairs room into a Sherlock playground; complete with sound proof shooting wall; boxing ball plus equipment; close to reality victim doll to strangle, beat, shoot and whatever the heart desired; and a spare fridge with home delivered body parts to be sectioned on a small sized autopsy table including instruments. Sherlock was happy as a child at Christmas and entertained the idea to cause a continuous pandemic if this was the result of it. John told him off but Sherlock only grinned, donned his goggles and continued to torture a kidney.
John couldn’t resist the urge to lean in, to inhale the scent of temptation and longing, to lick the heated skin, to grab the thighs firmly to keep the wicked sirene beguiling him from vanishing. He heard a suppressed moan above him, felt fingers harshly twist into his hair to pull him back. He looked up and saw Sherlock’s heavy lidded eyes study him.
Disappointed, yet relieved, he reached into his coat pocket and fetched his keys. As silently as possible he turned it in the lock, pulled the door a little before opening it to avoid the slightest possible creak. Tiptoeing, and feeling immensely ridiculous while doing so, he made his way up the stairs to the flat he had lived in, expertly avoiding the squeaking steps to not wake Mrs Hudson.
But he didn’t want to be one, for John. Not for John. But he also couldn’t be the hero that John had so desperately wanted to see in him, once. He couldn’t. Because he wasn’t.
He knew that 221b Baker Street without a John Watson in it wasn't worth living in. He had experienced it before. Only at that time John had come back now and then. Even though he had always left at the end of the day. John had always needed an escape from his dull suburban life and Sherlock was all too willing to provide this distraction - even though the time in between meant nothing but waiting in agony for John's next escape. Now it was different. This time there wasn't any possibility of John ever returning… neither to 221b nor to Sherlock's life.
“That’s correct. I did some research and merely adapted my choice of words to the requirements of my current situation.” Scott explained, sounding pleased with himself.
Somehow, this spiked John’s anger even more than actual danger would have. Was this all just a joke to her? Here he was panicking and she was… what?... having fun? John growled. There were definitely some things he needed to set straight.
"Well, Mrs Hudson… to be honest… actually I'm here… uhm… for Sherlock. Is he in?" He asked, half apologetic half restless. Mrs Hudson's face clouded immediately and John's stomach dropped, his throat constricting.
Spinning around in lightening speed she folded herself around the pole and let herself spin with the motion. With the music speeding up she stopped abruptly, raising one leg to bend it and hook it around the pole. Her hips started moving slightly and John realised that she had started to roll her pelvis and grind herself against the pole.
"It's not silly if it makes you inapt of all sound judgement and causes you to act like a testosterone driven bulldog." Sherlock huffed.
"Okay then. Go ahead, don't let me stop you." John turned to get comfortable on the bed to watch Sherlock, but the man stopped him.
“What is it you’re humming?” Sherlock asked quietly, softly. Apparently, he had picked up on the shift in mood despite John’s best efforts. John loved him just that bit more for not addressing it straight out.
"You know how he can get, John." Greg said and John just gave an understanding grunt. "He… he kept sniffing the corpses, John, and… and…," Greg shrieked, and he sounded as horrified as John had ever heard him. "John, he licked them. He
At first, the chill that lingered in the shadows made him shiver, goose bumps spreading all over his skin, a shudder running down his spine. He hurried to step out into the by now well-known space of the machine room and curled his bare toes into the dust beneath his feet already warmed by the sun. Sherlock took a deep breath when the promise of freedom made the weight on his tired shoulders a bit lighter. He could do this!
“By not doing it again,” was all she had responded. Sherlock had held her gaze. She had nodded slightly, putting a question into that tiny movement, which had required confirmation before she would let go of his hand. Sherlock had struggled, squirmed inside, and when he finally had nodded back it had been without being convinced of its sincerity.
"I think it's a wonderful inspiration for the next drag dress…" He pressed his lips together to hide his grin without success.
His hands moving on without him recognising, gripping the note of the honorable discharge of the military service.
There it was. Of course he had been right. As always. Even though that had been faster than even Sherlock had expected. He was close to leaving again. Only Mycroft’s stern look held him in place.
After one last stare he hoped was threatening enough the cabby shut up. John closed his eyes again and wished himself to be far far away, anywhere but here.
? Honestly? Shut the fuck up, Scott!! — his stomach seemed to interpret that particular thought in a slightly different way than the somewhat lower regions of his body. In the end, it wasn't the “Take Me” sign but the “Take Away” one that made him stop in his tracks. Hmmm, what did they say? A good meal could be just as satisfying as a good shag? Well then… John happily made his choice, even more motivated by the daily two-for-one offer. 'Two-for-one' did sound rather nice considering the food-sex-comparison, he mused…
"Oh God," John growled and rubbed a hand over his face. "I'm sorry, Greg. Honestly. I'm truly sorry."
"Then let us try, Sherlock! At least try! If we don't try we'll never know!" He sounded distressed now. Sherlock heard him pacing. The creaking of the wood getting louder again.
the excuses! All the apologies.” He shook his head. Curls falling into his eyes. “It’s not… it’s no-ones fault, John. Neither yours nor mine. We tried and we failed. That’s the facts. We should just accept it, don’t you think?”
Something in that wording struck John weird, but he couldn’t exactly pinpoint what it was. Sherlock was already up and about, hurrying to their bedroom in a flourish, and John almost didn’t get a chance to ask.
“Well, uhm,” he hesitated. “First of all I was glad to see that you hadn’t purchased a property of your own yet.” He stretched the silence so that John might lose interest; but no such luck.
“There’s a lot you don’t know about our landlady, John. You’d be surprised.” Sherlock said quietly. When he realised that John wouldn’t let that question go, he sighed and continued. “You remember that late Mr Hudson was the head of a drug cartel, right?” He waited for John’s confirming nod. “Then you realise that Mrs H had to take part in it in
It was mind-boggling for Sherlock to see these worlds collide. Yes, he was aware that John had been here before. Yes, he had even seen him, spoken to him. He knew all that. But John being here, with him, willingly and purposefully… John stopped his stride just before entering the building. He looked up at Sherlock, expectant, questioning, asking for permission. Sherlock realised that John was well aware that this was a special place to Sherlock... his safe haven, his shelter, his refuge and his sanctuary… John waited to be allowed to enter this place, he waited for Sherlock to let him in...
“As you stated correctly, we’re in quarantine. Which means, we don’t have any social contact except to the inhabitants of this house, whose germs are spread through the whole space anyway. Using sanitiser would be a waste of important substances.”
After a while there was still no reaction from John and Sherlock slapped his hands over his ears. He scrunched his eyes shut as if that would help in any way. Of course, it didn't. It was maddening! Especially as he wasn’t able to blend out neither the music nor the lyrics which - naturally - he knew by heart. It wasn’t the first time he listened to this album after all. How else would he have known about the other song. But this one though wasn’t any better! Especially not now!
The fierce crisp tone almost pierced John’s brain, sending it offline. The contrast to the earlier warm sultry rumble was mind blowing. However, as much as Scott tried to sound as if he was holding the reins in hand, John noticed the tremble in the man’s voice, the little whimpers and grunts, which only spiked John’s arousal even more, knowing he was just as affected. John did as he was told, licking broad stripes over the palm of his hand, trying to gather as much saliva as possible, because he suspected he wasn’t in any state to collect the lube from the night stand anymore.
There wouldn't have been his own funeral, there wouldn't have been leaving John, there wouldn't have been captivity and torture, there wouldn't have been a wedding. No being shot at, no John being hurt again, no loss of John's friendship…
"Well, the fact aside that you've been just as greedy an ape as him yourself only a year ago, the lap dance was part of the act. I have to say, it was a useful and essential part as it allowed me to get to Moran's gun and manipulate it. I knew he was the one Moriarty had sent after me. It was pretty transparent what The Spider was aiming for though. Did he really think I wouldn't notice he deliberately chose someone supposed to be similar to you? As if…" Sherlock huffed, apparently truly annoyed. "So, why was it different to everything else—which you didn't like to see me perform either? In front of others that is…" Sherlock tilted his head a bit to peer at John over his shoulder.
So when he thought nobody was watching he stumbled to his feet, searching desperately for any sign for the restrooms and making his way as fast as possible in the pointed direction.
These were the things he had been complaining about talking to Mike sitting on a park bench, sipping at his coffee.
Shaking her head a little she had finally turned around and left. John had been left behind, speechless. Yes, he knew he had been an idiot not to realise who Mary really was. Yes, he had been an idiot, too slow to prevent
He prepared himself without even knowing what for. But as far as he knew even just a random conversation with Mycroft Holmes needed preparation.
John thought. And then Sherlock bloody Holmes who had to return early - today of all days - and spy on his embarrassing breakdown.
"I do know other…poles…that are in danger of melting in my hands…" Sherlock murmured playfully, running one hand over John's chest and belly and further downwards, cupping John's approving cock through his pants and squeezing slightly. John groaned, but Sherlock released him with a wink; a promise to come back to this later. “But… to
at the end. There was a rather big time gap between the first flood of texts and this one. Did it even belong to the rest? Or was it out of context? Still, John couldn't grasp the meaning.
He startled when Sherlock suddenly slammed his hand on his thigh and turned. John caught sight of Sherlock’s bare back and sucked in a hissing breath. The smooth skin stretching over the lean muscles was covered with countless scars; from barely recognisable thin white lines to thick red stripes; crisscrossing, reaching from shoulders to waist. John’s heart ached at the sight as he as a doctor was well aware of what had caused these scars. He felt punched in the gut. He felt icy fingers clamp his heart. Freezing blood running through his veins by the memory of his own experiences of torture during his times abroad. The tormented and abused bodies, more often than not marred so much it made them unrecognisable. Dark and dirty cells. Blood straining floors, walls, faces. He himself however had been one of the lucky bastards who had never had to endure it himself. He had always been one of the good guys. He had been the one to rescue those who had suffered through it. He had patched them up. He had been their lifeline.
John’s insides froze. Sort of? Sort of… on his own? But not really? Was there already someone else? Was John replaced already? Had Sherlock found another… companion? But they were still… friends! That was what Sherlock had said, right?
Now everything fell into place. That's why John mentioned it. The need to talk. Sherlock's reluctance.
"Finally," Sherlock's suppressed laughter made his voice rumbling and thick. "You accepting this obvious fact makes it all worth it."
John had chosen to leave out of his own will. Sherlock wasn't the one to decide. Now that John was gone, he also wasn't the one to protect. Without Mycroft's minute planning and without Mycroft's help, how was Sherlock supposed to protect one stubborn John Watson? A John Watson who had decided not to need him anymore.
He squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, rolled off of the bed and went over to stand in front of the big window. He had to clear his mind of all this toxic, because distracting because painful because fruitless thoughts. He watched the deserted back yard. Flowers blooming, leaves beginning to sprout, an early butterfly, a honeybee crawling tired and slowed down by the chilly air across the window sill. All wasted to a garden as empty and solitary as Sherlock's bed, as Sherlock's life. As Sherlock himself.
“Can shoot him.” John said flatly, finishing Mycroft's sentence. He wanted the man lying on the floor dead and lying in a pool of his own blood. He didn’t want to have to deal with him ever again. He had hurt Harry, he had hurt John, and then he hurt Sherlock. John hated the man more than he ever hated anything in his life and wanted him to die so that he could go straight to hell where he belonged.
For a month John didn’t really do anything. He just sat on Zack's couch and stared at the wall. He did his homework, but that’s only because Zack forced him to. It was their last year of school and Zack said that he would not let John throw that all away just because Sherlock was a dick. John didn’t like it when Zack called Sherlock names, he didn’t like it when anybody called Sherlock names... because as much as Sherlock had hurt him and fucked him over, he still loved him with every bone in his body and John didn’t think that that was ever going to go away. He also didn’t think that Sherlock deserved his love, he didn’t want to give Sherlock his love, but he didn’t really have a choice on his feelings. The most disgusting part about all of this was, was that if Sherlock came up to him tomorrow and said, ‘you know what. Actually I didn’t collect enough data. I need to have you for a few more months.’ John would gladly follow him, even though he knew he was being used. The thought made him ill and disgusted with himself even more than he already was.
"You don't know anything! Every. Single. Night. I see him! I see him and he's mean to me! Maybe I should stop drinking, but I can't because drinking makes me see him and that's better than nothing. Every single fucking day those nine words echo again and again and again in my head! 'That's what people do don't they? Leave a note...' I CAN’T HANDLE IT! EVERY NIGHT I DREAM OF HIM FALLING TO THE GROUND!! Dying!! And the
Sherlock swallowed as well and nodded slowly, “Yeah, he deserves to know... even if it means I’ll lose him. I’ve kept all this from him long enough.” He whispered and went to go sit on the couch.
“Mother! This is ridiculous let me take it off!” He tugged at the string and it snapped back and hit him on the cheek. He pouted and glared at his mother, but he just looked adorable.
“But then when I came back I found out it was because he thought I was dead! His dad told him for his nineteenth birthday that I had died and then he had the audacity to confiscate all of the letters I wrote to Sherlock just so Sherlock would believe the fucking lie he told! Happy Fucking Birthday Sherlock! You know what? Fine! That’s just peachy! It wasn’t his fault! But then he had to go and shag my best friend – or someone I thought was my best friend, but clearly isn’t and I don’t know if he ever was – and he actually happens to love Sherlock and I hate him! Which I guess is a good thing because what kind of best friend does that? And what kind of best friend verbally abuses him on his sudden ‘return from the dead’. None. So there you have it, I guess he never was my best friend.” He mumbled and scrubbed at his face. “How long? How fucking long did it even take for Sherlock to fuck him? Months? Days? Hours? Hell minutes even? And the worst part is, is I can’t bloody ask because I know knowing will be so much worse. Not like he would tell me the truth anyway.
“I don’t really know how I feel about that, but if that’s what she believed and that’s what she wanted then that is where I will imagine that she is...” He paused for a moment and looked back up, his eyes wet but not quite falling from his eyes, “And she would make the best angel...” He whispered and couldn’t take it anymore. He nodded out into the crowd and then walked down from the podium and went back to sit by John. He had planned to say so much more for her, but he just couldn’t and he knew she would understand that. John wrapped his arms around him and the two of them listened to the rest of the ceremony.
John honestly wanted to wiggle away, but he couldn’t exactly move since he was tied up, not to mention he hated himself for being scared of Mycroft now that he saw the sight of the man. The man was like a brother to him, but he supposed that when said brother drugs you and ties you up, well the trust tends to fly out the window, doesn’t it? Not to mention there was just something…
Sherlock hummed and remained with his arms still on each side of him, which felt awkward. He wanted more so he slowly brought his arms up and wrapped them around John and then it felt perfect, “Good.”
Donna was silent for a long moment before she just burst out laughing. “Sometimes I question your sanity..” She snickered a bit and smiled at him.
The whole way home was filled with tense silence. Sherlock was angrier than John had ever seen him and it hurt John. It hurt him so much because just hours before Sherlock couldn’t have been happier.  “So Sherlock, I’m going to go for a walk… will you be alright by yourself for a little while?” He swallowed. He knew he was leaving Sherlock at a bad time – at a really bad time, but he was hoping he could find a way to make it better.
“I put you in the back for a reason, John! Now stay down!” He said firmly and groaned a bit. “And not particularly, but it really can’t be that hard.”
John moved with him and held him incredibly close as they kissed. It felt amazing and John wouldn’t change one thing about it.
do that? Not knowing why hurt her too... Maybe if she knew the answer she could forgive, but for right now she was just so angry with the man. She growled as she yanked out her mobile and dialled Sherlock's new number.
“Thank you! Thank you so much! I promise I’ll be good and I’ll help you with anything you need help with!” John bounced up and down and he squeezed Sherlock's hand. Just the fact that someone was actually accepting him for who he was without any hesitation. An adult nonetheless.
Sherlock, however, had other plans, he shook his head and grabbed John's wrist before he could take it away completely. He brought John’s hand back up and placed it in his hair, humming slightly. “No! I like it... I find it endearing.” He smiled softly and looked up at John again.
He cleaned the both of them up and then they fell asleep in each other’s arms, for perhaps the last time.
“There was another way, Sherlock...” He glared at the floor, finding one of the tile pieces exceptionally interesting.
He closed his eyes and just when their lips were about to touch the door to their flat flew opened and John yanked away so fast he fell over and groaned.
Mycroft's eyes widened and then his face hardened like stone, his jaw clenching, “you do realise it is illegal to prank call the government. Not only that, but I can trace your call and have you, and everyone else involved, arrested!” He sneered, no he wasn’t Sherlock, but he still cared deeply for the boy. He didn’t show it, but the news of John's death hit Mycroft harder than he ever thought possible.
“John..?” Sherlock was sitting at the table bugging Mycroft when John came running down the stairs, looking a little bit insane. He watched as John ran through the garage, and then heard a car start and peel away. Sherlock was fairly certain John didn’t know how to drive… Sherlock glanced at Mycroft and frowned, “is that normal behaviour when you and your boyfriend are fighting…?”He didn’t think having your boyfriend run downstairs and steal a car would qualify as a normal fight, but he wasn’t one on social queues, Mycroft was always better at it them him.
“I don’t have to jump and John doesn’t have to die! You said so yourself that you’re not going to do it... which means they can be stopped! James! I can give you whatever you want, just don’t do this!” He hissed, frantic now for some solution on how to fix this.
John swallowed a bit and looked at the cat before looking up at the back of Sherlock’s head, “well... I actually made it up... it’s not true.” He pursed his lips and took a breath, “So do I still have to pay you? Because I’m not sure I could afford that.” He looked down slightly, perhaps this wasn’t one of his better ideas.
John choked back a sob and without a word leaned over to kiss him softly... one last time. Sherlock kissed him back with more emotion than he had ever poured into the kiss. John was grateful that he didn’t reject him, he was terrified that he would considering how upset Sherlock was. Eight years was a long time to dwell on rejection... John took a shaky breath and ran his fingers down the side of Sherlock's torso.
Sigar just smirked at him, “I know something you don’t!!” He sung darkly, despite the fact that he had a hole in his stomach.
Sherlock glared at him and didn’t say anything for a long while, “how long? How long until you leave?”
“OVERREACTING? YOU THINK IM OVERREACTING?” He screamed as his hands clenched and unclenched by his side, “YOU’RE A FUCKING DRUG ADDICT!! SO PLEASE TELL ME HOW I AM OVERREACTING?”
“Of course I knew you were coming!” He rolled his eyes, “I let them find me the second I heard you were looking for me because I wanted you to come. I knew you would and so now here we are. Really, you think a man who has the capability to hide for months suddenly becomes found only hours after you start to help?” He huffed slightly, but resisted the urge to roll his eyes again, “didn’t you just love the birthday present I gave to Sherlock? I’m sure he’s told you by now.”
Sherlock and John had been writing letters back and forth for five months now; it was adorable because Sherlock had written a letter right when he got home from dropping John off. Sherlock had wrote saying he already missed him dearly and that he didn’t care if he had just seen John seconds before, he wanted to write a letter so dammit he was going to write one.
John frowned and nudged him in the arm. “Am not! Where are we going anyway?! Is it like that time in the arcade because I think if that happens again I will not hesitate to use my serial killer pow—“
"I don't care! I hate everything! I hate Sherlock! I hate you! NOW LEAVE!" He screamed, ignoring the sharp pain that shot through his head.
John's brain was just spinning because Sherlock was standing right in front of him, in the flesh! It was ridiculous yet brilliant at the same time.
“Can't buy you a drink unless you tell me what you want, love,” She rolled her eyes a bit and kept smiling at him. Christ, he must have been just staring at her not bothering to even speak. He cleared his throat a few times before sighing again.
“That may be true, but I keep one in my pocket at all times.” Sherlock hummed and pulled out his phone to call Mycroft.
“Umm…” Sherlock frowned. He wanted it to be perfect, he grinned as he thought of a good place to go. “January 2014! I want to see if The Mayans were right about the world ending!”
The woman’s eyes widened and she started to weep as she took the man into her arms, “My baby...” She whimpered.
“Sherlock! What are you doing! Get down!! You’re going to cut yourself and get Tetanus.” John flailed because this place was really old and dodgy, perhaps even more dodgy than the arcade… what was it with Sherlock and dodgy abandoned places?? He had no idea why Sherlock wanted to come here so badly, but it certainly couldn’t be good.
Sherlock's heart swelled at the fact that John had called him ‘babe’ even though he really wasn’t one for pet names… though, he liked it when John called him things like that. Not to mention John hardly ever did it so it was never overused. He smiled and held his hands down for John to grab. “Yes, I’m fine.” He grinned brightly and heaved John up through the window.
Eventually, he stood up and gave Sherlock one last look and a kiss on his cold lips before walking out of the room. That was their first kiss... and Sherlock wasn’t even around to share it with him. He walked to his parked car and got inside and then dialled a number he was hoping he would have been able to avoid.
Sherlock swallowed and nodded slowly. “Yeah, they know... And it didn’t exactly help the situation when I threatened the principle.”
mean something...” He said quietly, repeating Sherlock's words from before. He watched as Sherlock winced, but he just thought it was just from his words. “Sherlock..” He choked out quietly, “I love you... God, help me.... I love you so much.” John said for the first time.
However, Scotland was awful without someone to share it with. He was bored and he felt dumb going to pubs and sightseeing all by himself. Still, he needed time away, Sherlock needed to understand that John wasn’t going to let Sherlock walk all over him. He wasn’t going to be able to just push whatever this was under the rug and get away with it. So he stayed in Scotland for three days before finally caving and returning back home.
Sherlock smacked his forehead. “Mycroft! This is getting us nowhere!! Just give him the stupid drug test!” He hissed.
Sherlock waited for John to do something, but apparently John was incredibly slow with signals. That was okay though because Sherlock liked him no matter what. Which, in a way, was very weird to him because in any normal circumstances he would not be okay with slow people… John was different though. He slowly pulled back just a little and ran his fingers across John's jaw line and then under his chin. He tilted his chin up and looked into John's eyes and slowly leaned forward until his lips brushed up against John's. Sherlock smiled a little to himself when John made a cute whimpering noise. He liked that he could catch John off guard– even if he did think that his signs were the most obvious signs in the world and that even a blind man could have noticed what Sherlock was about to do.
John just glared up at his father, "You're pathetic! Did you know that? Technically me being gay is your fault!" He spat trying to buy himself time, but he knew better than anyone that there wasn't anyone coming so what was the point..? He was just drawing out his inevitable death. Though… Perhaps the point was so Harry could run away and stay safe, but he knew that she wouldn’t leave him behind so he supposed there was no point.
John snapped his mouth shut and swallowed hard. He would not get angry… besides it didn’t really bother him when the remarks were directed at him. It was easier to handle; he was honestly just curious to know how their fathers had met. Though, he did have to refrain from snapping when he was speaking so rudely to Lily… “I probably did, Sir.” He said quietly. Maybe if he just agreed and didn’t give Sigar a reaction, he would stop. That was most likely hopeful thinking, but it was worth a shot.
John was still standing in the exact same place, holding the gun out in front of him. He hadn't moved an inch and from the look of his face Sherlock could tell he was in shock at what he just did. "John..." He choked out and swallowed when John didn't look at him. It was very possible that John didn't hear him... "John!" He tried a bit louder and then winced. He was bleeding out fast and he knew he didn't have much time...
“You’ve made me feel loved and that– that is something very hard to do...” He swallowed hard and looked away.
Four months, twenty four days, two hours, six minutes, and eighteen seconds since Sherlock has been back. John stares up at the door to Baker Street and contemplates on knocking for a long while. Eventually he slowly lifts his hand and knocks on the door... He has a key, but he doesn’t live there anymore... it isn’t right to just barge in like that. Not after... no. He doesn’t want to think about that...
But now Sherlock was back, and he was in his life again, but it just felt like everything had taken so many steps back. Sherlock acted like he was fine. He was patient with John, he hardly got angry with him, and he smiled a lot. In a way, he seemed even happier than the Sherlock John knew in High School and that just wasn’t right.
John swallowed as well and felt like his heart just got stomped on, “Okay. Come on. Let’s go to bed.” He knew Sherlock was lying... well not lying because John had asked if he
John rolled his eyes. “Oi! I spent a fortune on that!” He flailed some and squeezed Sherlock's hand, grinning up at him.
“He- he- he was here!! He came back and now he’s gone!” He screamed and thrashed a bit in her arms, trying to wiggle himself free so he could go and find him. Crying wasn’t going to bring him back, he had to search.
Sherlock stood up and held out his hand. “Come on…” He whispered. If he was being completely honest with himself he was a bit shaken up and terrified, but he kept reminding himself that it was over and nothing bad was going to happen now.
Mycroft swallowed hard and slowly walked over to sit next to his little brother. “Well, if he doesn’t wake up...” Mycroft pursed his lips because neither of them were religious and he hated the whole speech about how he’s ‘in a better place now’. It just made both of them just feel worse and he certainly didn’t want to cause his brother more pain. “Well, it means you were too late Sherlock, but you can’t blame yourself... You did everything you could to save this boy and he knows that... but what you did might not be enough...” He swallowed hard. “Life is shit sometimes, but you just have to keep moving forward and look for the beautiful things in it.”
He just didn’t understand social queues at times and John knew that, but he supposed he went too far. Sherlock had been so patient with John ever since he had come back, but it had been a week and it just felt like things weren’t going anywhere. If anything he felt like John was starting to resent him more and more. He didn’t know how to fix it.
“Nope, wake up.” Sherlock huffed and then opened his eyes. He blinked out the sleep and then his eyes snapped opened more and his blood went cold, “What are they doing here....” He said in a small voice, his face going as white as a sheet.
“John Watson is dead! He’s been dead for three years!” Mycroft was heaving. How dare someone call him and tell him lies, and not just any lies… lies about
Also I highly suggest that you read my notes because I'm a fucking funny person! ha ha. That was a joke! I laugh! But for seriousness I don't do informational shit... I just type whats on my mind...
Sherlock took a shaky breath and nodded, “Right… okay, well. Suppose I’ll start from the beginning. As in after I jumped.” He searched John’s face, waiting to see if he would say anything and when he didn’t he pressed onwards. “I knew I had to dismantle Moriarty’s network. If I didn’t then you would die and that wasn’t an option for me. I know I could have told you, but I needed you to actually look stricken with grief. You’re a great actor John, but not even you can fool someone unless it was the real thing.
A week later and John was finally able to come home. He hated it, at least at the hospital he didn’t have to be reminded of Sherlock every waking second. He should really move out... move on... but he knew that that wasn’t going to happen. He couldn’t let go of the flat and the thought of doing so made him physically sick. The thought of moving on made him even sicker. Claire was sitting on the couch, she smiled tightly at him and that just made his stomach plummet to the ground. He took a deep breath and looked down at the ground, “Claire... I didn’t–“
John immediately fell to the ground, gasping for air, and clutching his neck. He struggled to breathe as he watched Sherlock and Brian roll around, really Sherlock was so much smaller than the other boy it was a wonder he was even holding his own. In the end, Brian managed to climb on top of Sherlock, gaining the upper hand, he held the knife up high in the air, all lines in his face expressing every intention he had to bring the knife down against Sherlock's heart. John screamed as he watched Brian plunge the knife down as hard as he could, there was a choked out cry of pain, and then both of them went limp and things were eerily quiet. John started sobbing as he crawled over to the pair, normally, he probably would have been able to tell which one of them screamed, but his heart was pounding in his ears. “Sh-Sherlock...” There was blood everywhere and John didn’t know who it belonged to, but he could only guess Sherlock seeing as Brian was the one to bring down the knife – though, that didn’t explain why Brian was also limp. Shakily, he pressed his hand forward and nudged at the mound of bodies.
"There are... things... to arrange, business to attend to, timetables to schedule…" Mycroft rattled resignedly.
There was one thing nagging at John and he wasn't sure if he was crossing a line here, but… he had to try. He turned on his side as well, resting his head on his pillow, Sherlock hovering above him. He reached out and ran his fingertips over Sherlock's hairless chest.
Recalling the feeling of holding Sherlock in his arms the way he had earlier this day brought back the whole dizzying rollercoaster of emotions they had lived through in that short span of time. Years and years of twisted emotions; condensed, boiled down into thick molasses, weighing them down and soiling their souls; spilled, erupted in one sobering outburst. Boiling down the dirt that had accumulated along their way, leaving behind a solid and sustaining ground for their relationship to grow on.
Apparently having said what he wanted to say, unburdened now, Sherlock let out a shuddering breath, shifted slightly, changed the angle of his hips and moaned deeply as he obviously had hit the right spot.
The story Sherlock is thinking of while walking back to Baker Street is from a children's book that is very dear to me. It's called "Momo" written by Michael Ende. Check it out:
Sherlock smiled softly. “I’m just saying it’s fine…” He slowly grabbed John's hand and entwined their fingers together once again. “It’s all fine.”
John felt his heart swell and he nodded, he needed to push his anger aside and just forget about all of this. It was an emotional time for both of them, and Sherlock had been dealing with it the way he saw fit. “Of course.” He breathed. “Now, since we are trying to fix things... anything else you want to tell me about? Because this relationship isn’t going to work if there are lies between us.”
Ted chuckled lowly and shook his head. “I don’t really care because it will all be over soon... For the both of us.” He licked his lips and drove faster.
John was praying for Sherlock to answer him because he couldn’t figure out what he did wrong, but Sherlock never replied. Even if it was just a fucking break up letter he wouldn’t have even care at this point because at least he would have received something! John didn’t realise he had such a good memory, but apparently he did because all the letters whirled around in his head and he couldn’t get them out...
Mrs. Hudson smiled, “I’ll make you tea, dear, but just remember that this is a onetime thing... I’m not your house keeper, but you should rest your leg.”
John finally calmed down and started walking normally again. He actually missed leaning up against Sherlock, but Sherlock had made it clear that he wasn’t into anyone. “Is there a reason for that..?” he asked out loud.
John shivered and kept walking, though when Sherlock stomped away he didn’t bother to keep pace. He was only a few feet behind Sherlock though so it wasn’t that horrible, “Well, since we are in fact lost and in the rain... why don't you tell me why you freaked out so hard last night when you thought I said the word ‘duck’?”
Sherlock hummed softly as John continued to kiss down his body and gasped when John grabbed the waistband of Sherlock's pants with his teeth and pulled them back before letting go, so that they snapped back against his skin. He whined and thrusted his hips into John's face, how rude of him to snap his skin and not touch him as soon as possible to make up for it.
going to forgive you for what you did to him so you will have to live with that – or he will die... and you’ll have to live with that too. Either way, you’ll be alone – and Watson, my dear, I don’t think you will be able to handle that.”
"Save it, Sherlock!" He growled and tried to think of a way to go home. He had no idea where the hell they were and he couldn't figure out why there was an arcade in the middle of nowhere! It seemed pointless and stupid and how people managed to come here after school all the time was beyond him! Hell, they probably didn’t even go to school and stayed there playing Pac Man and Mr. Do all day long. They probably lived there for all John knew!
“One can only hope,” John smirked in a way that was joking, but he wasn’t really joking because he needed Sherlock to develop feelings for him... if not Sebastian might kill John himself out of spite... though he wouldn’t ever succeed. Still, it would be a tedious affair that he did not wish to involve himself with.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Of course I would… it’s called legs. Unless you planned on turning me into an invalid upon the arrival of your home, I would just take the route back to my house, John.”
“HE ISNT YOUR’S!! HE’S MINE!!” Sherlock screamed and tried to wiggle out from Lestrade’s tight grip.
The day seemed to drag on and on. John didn’t listen to any of the lectures, he didn’t do the assignments, and he didn’t ask, or answer, any questions. He felt so empty and useless that he had no idea how he was going to feel good again. He felt numb, like he was living inside an empty shell and nothing ever could fill it up again. At this rate it seemed like he would never feel good again, but John couldn’t imagine what would happen if he felt like this for the rest of his life. He quickly pushed that thought away and tried to focus on other things, but it was so hard. At lunch he just sat there and played with his food. He didn’t talk or eat and he didn’t sit with his rugby friends. Normally they would come over and bother him, but today was different. He suspected Zack was holding them back so he made a mental note to thank him when they got home, if he went home with Zack... He was still trying to figure out everything in his head.
, how could someone be that beautiful? He was still wet and had his towel wrapped loosely around his hips. All John would have to do was—
Mycroft pursed his lips as he slowly reached for his phone. He needed help out of this situation and it would only take one press of the button. He was hoping he was doing it discreetly enough so that John couldn’t see, but of course he was wrong.
Sherlock smirked to himself. John was adorable… adorable in ways you can find people adorable without getting sentimental, of course. He looked at John. “Problem?” he asked while raising an eyebrow. He brought his elbows up on the desk and clasped his hands together, his pointer fingers sticking up and pressing to the front of his mouth.
John snickered and attacked his face with his hand, squeezing Sherlock's face like a ‘brain sucker’, “Really? I take good care with them, babe!” He snickered and then was silent for a moment before he got a certain thought into his brain, “OH!!! Sherrrrllloooooocccckkkkk.” He sung and then slowly climbed on top of him, which was rather hard to do because they were both standing, he started giggling again. “I want youuu!”
John yawned and started to doze off when all of a sudden his phone started ringing. He woke up immediately and answered it. “John Watson.”
Claire almost threw her phone, but then she couldn’t yell at Sherlock, and she would much rather yell at Sherlock. “Actually, it’s fucking not, Sherlock. I’m not saying that you’re not hurting, but you are not hurting as much as John and do you want to know why?”
i did take out like the songs and the prayers and testimonies and shit, but yeah... i felt like it was nice way to go about it (: Though it was heartbreaking.
Sherlock yawned and smiled brightly. He kept his hand wrapped around them and the other wrapped around John as they both drifted off into a deep sleep.
Sherlock's heart fluttered and jerked and twisted and he pulled John into a lip bruising kiss, then pulled back abruptly and grinned, “You think I’m the smartest man in the world?!” He asked quietly.
John froze for a second and his face hardened like Sherlock had never seen before, “He’s fucking dead, you bastard.” He spat in a cold voice that sounded nothing like John. He honestly looked nothing like John. His features were hardened to a degree that Sherlock had never witnessed, his voice was cold and harsh, but somehow monotone and empty. Sherlock honestly thought John was going to punch him, in truth, he would have welcomed a punch from John compared to what really happened.
His heart was pounding and his lungs were screaming, but he did one strong breaststroke kick into the car and got John. He was expecting to have to undo a buckle or untangle him, but to Sherlock's luck he wasn’t tied down at all. He grabbed John and then pushed off of the seats to get out of the car. John wasn’t moving and that terrified him, but he refused to believe that John had died. He wouldn’t believe it... not now, not ever.
to know that John was safe and he had no idea what he would say for coming here when he realised that John was sitting on the sofa doing homework with Zack... He would just tease John some more and then get punched by Zack, but at least he was
John's jaw clenched a bit and he glared at the wall across from him. He wanted to say something, but he didn't trust his voice.
John's heart kept breaking and breaking and he choked on a sob. “No. That’s not going to happen. Not until you wake up because I know what’s going to happen, I’m going to kiss you and you’re going to let go…” He sniffled.
John clenched his jaw, he was nothing like his father. He stood up and shook his head, “right. Well, I should get going.”
John drew in a sharp breath as his mouth went dry. He nodded slowly and reached his hands up to start undoing Sherlock's shirt, but he batted his hands away.
Ted immediately stopped strangling his son and glared at her, "so what you are saying is I have two fairies for children?" He pulled out a gun, which had been hiding in the back of his trousers, and pressed the barrel to John’s temple.
John growled at her and wanted to punch her, but he could never hurt Claire, “She’s. Not. Going. To. Leave.” He grit out.
Three months later and John was sitting at the pub watching Claire pour drinks. He had taken to going to the pub at night so he wasn't so lonely, night was honestly the worst time for him. He never hooked up with anyone though... He wasn't ready, he honestly thought he never would be. And though he would never admit it to anyone, he was grateful Claire found him in the bathroom that day. She wasn't angry with him either which was surprising.
After the first day of trying to ask Sherlock out again John had just given up. He told himself, and Sherlock, he wouldn’t give up easily… but he did in fact give up very easily. He couldn’t handle being laughed at and degraded though, not by the boy he loved anyway. He watched Sherlock all the time at school, but he didn’t text him anymore and he didn’t talk to him. Sometimes in chemistry it was really hard to not talk to Sherlock. He would just forget about everything and he would think of something that would make him laugh, something that him and Sherlock used to laugh about all the time. He would turn his head and open his mouth to speak to Sherlock and then, like a dam breaking and water bursting out and flooding everything, the memories came back. So he would shut his mouth slowly and turn back to his paper.
He looked down and tried to roll away from her, but winced slightly. At least this pain was different than the pain he had been feeling for the past year and a half. This pain was real – not that his depression and heart break weren’t real… but those were mental. Right now was physical pain because he had basically destroyed his stomach. He much preferred this pain over heartbreak any day.
“You’re breaking up with me…” He whimpered. He deserved this, he knew he did. And he didn’t actually expect John to stay with him after what he put him through, but Sherlock managed to get his hopes up after John had said he forgave him, what a stupid, stupid thing to do.
Moriarty rolled his eyes and walked around him, “Always so dramatic. He was away in the army, Sherlock. He wouldn’t have known, and you even thought you were infatuated with me, but the past is in the past and now we’re going to play a new game.” He narrowed his eyes and stepped up close to Sherlock, so that their chests were practically touching.
“I’m sorry! I’m so sorry!” She whimpered, “We had a fight and I gave him permission to–” She cut herself off and took a shaky breath, “He ran Sherlock! And I don’t know where he went! But I know he’s not going to come back and I don’t– I don’t know how to stop it!” She choked, the tears falling from her eyes.
John giggled and smiled to himself. He was glad he was able to rule off the onetime thing ordeal, even though all they did was kiss. Sherlock was special and he honestly didn’t think he would be able to handle it if Sherlock decided it was all a mistake. If he decided he was just trying it out to see if his mind had stayed the same or changed, if he had found out he was just an experiment to Sherlock, but then he frowned, “I don’t think we should tell anyone…” he said slowly.
John waited for a full minute before he looked at Mike and broke out into a wide grin, “Did you fucking see that? That was amazing!!!” He snickered and spun his cane around a bit. “I cannot wait for tomorrow! Ready to go home?” he hummed.
John's jaw clenched and unclenched a few times before he stood up and went to his room, slamming the door. The power of it seemed to vibrate the whole flat, but she didn’t mind. She’d probably have the same reaction too if this had happened to her.
to do, and that ended up leading to terrible consequences. No one could have predicted the outcome of this, plenty of soldiers went to war and came back. That being said, drugs were the least of his worries… Sherlock was smart enough not to overdose, and even if he did overdose Mycroft was watching. He hated spying on his brother in all actuality, but he just couldn’t lose him, he was only doing what he thought was right.
