Dean fought back the urge to sniffle again and shrugged his shoulders. “Well, I’m heading out. See you tonight, Garth.”
tomorrow,” Castiel said, and Gabriel turned back to him with a smile. He pinched his little brother’s cheek.
“It was very close this year between everyone,” Professor Tran continued, “I’ll make it quick because some of you seem extraordinarily hungry.”
Castiel snapped his head around faster than light. His stomach dropped. Sure enough, Dean’s matchstick was over half silver, and pointed at one end; he was holding it out to Garth with a rueful expression.
Ruby slung herself down into her seat with bad grace, her eyes glittering. Gordon, meanwhile, shifted awkwardly.
“Sorry,” he murmured under his breath, as the only other student in the Great Hall cleared out. “Sorry, sorry, sorry… mph…” He took another huge bite.
The class dissolved immediately into murmurs; Dean’s face dropped into disappointment as he turned to face the front once more. Professor Tran put her hands on her hips.
“Don’t stare, Castiel, it’s rude. Through the barrier, now.” She sent him forwards with a little push. Castiel had missed watching his brothers go through, but they were nowhere to be seen, so he guessed it must have worked. He took a few hesitant steps forwards, and then looked back at his mother. He felt as though a thousand eyes were on him, but hers certainly weren’t. She was looking back in the direction they’d come, probably waiting to give Muriel a telling-off for being late with the suitcases.
” Jo said, with enough of a tinge of begging to her tone to make Anna grin. Jo stared at her, tight-lipped. “That was our secret! You swore -”
“You know, your brother played a prank on Dean,” said Nick, cocking his head to one side. “Was that your idea?”
It didn’t take long for Dean to grow bored and his tongue clicking changed into prodding at the bedsheets with his wand to make them turn a variety of different colors. Red. Pink. Green. Yellow.
Of course, she might not be copying, Castiel thought. She might easily have remembered the answer from class.
Dean had gotten on the train a little later than most kids so that he could kiss his mom goodbye, so most of the seats were already taken. There was a group of kids in one compartment that looked like they were all pouring over stacks of books. Another compartment that he peeked in had two older kids in it...
“Whoa - what - we need to get that out of here,” Hannah said, and Castiel heard her fumbling with the latch on the window again, but he reached down for the letter and started to slide his finger under the stuck-down paper. It would be worse if he didn’t, he knew.
“You’re going to have to stop being sad about it some day,” Anna pointed out. “Or you’ll just be miserable forever.”
“I didn’t want to hurt her,” Castiel said, with a hint of outrage, and China-Ear chose this moment to offer a loud squeak, seemingly of agreement.
Castiel turned when he caught Dean staring at him out of the corner of his eye, and raised an eyebrow.
“Nope. If a human like yourself saw what I actually looked like, it would probably burn your eyes out or make you go crazy.” Dean pulled a pen from the drawer he’d just opened, sniffed it, and put it back. “A vessel is just a body we can joyride for a while so that we can do stuff on earth.”
“Gryffindor Keeper Cassie Robinson comes out to meet Morningstar!” Gabriel said excitedly. “Can she hold him off? She’s blocked him, oh, that’s a beautiful bit of flying – oh, but wait… Morningstar’s dropped the Quaffle into the hands of McKeon. Let’s see, can Robinson defend this, drop, drop – no, she won’t make it in time… SLYTHERIN SCORE!”
Even so, Dean would often try to talk him into staying up later after he’d announced he was going to sleep, and on more than one occasion, Castiel was certain that he’d dropped something loud outside of his door in hopes that it would wake him up earlier.
“The right hand?” Dean Winchester said, and Castiel could hear the smirk in his tone, even if all he could see was the back of Dean’s head. Typical Winchester, he thought. Making unnecessary trouble.
“You need a Remembrall,” Castiel told her, and she nodded distractedly. Castiel looked back at Jo, who had an expression on her face as though she were telling a very funny joke that no one else was clever enough to understand. “What?” Castiel demanded of her, and she shrugged smugly.
“Bye, Charlie,” he said, at the same time as Hannah said exactly the same thing. Charlie turned to grin at them, still walking away.
“Uh,” the woman looked between them, “yeah, it’s Jared, something that starts with a ‘p’. I can look it up for you.”
“Uh, playing Exploding Snap!” Jo said emphatically, nearly standing up in her seat. “Is that it? Did I win?”
“Looking for this?” he said, and then dropped it into his own potion. Castiel rolled his eyes and reached for Dean’s own pot instead - but quick as a flash, Dean had snatched that up too.
“Nothing I can’t handle,” Dean shifted awkwardly and was about to expound before he noticed Hannah unconsciously rubbing at a small bruise on her lower arm. “What about you?”
A deep, icy chill ran through Dean’s veins, numbing his fingers, his arms, his legs - he couldn’t move - could barely think about anything other than sheer panic of what it would mean if Lucifer
Gryffindor soon thereafter. If Slytherin wanted to win the Quidditch cup this year, not only would they have to beat Ravenclaw, but they’d have to beat them by at least 60 points; otherwise, the cup would go to Ravenclaw.
“Castiel?” The pincer-grip was back on Castiel’s shoulder, tighter than ever. Gabriel offered him a quick, regretful glance, turning away and running off towards a group of other third-years, brandishing the little box he held in one hand at them with typical beaming panache. Castiel glanced upwards to catch his mother staring after Gabriel with a face as blank as a fresh sheet of parchment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Oh, really? My mother always just called it chess,” Castiel said. “There was a set in my father’s office that we weren’t allowed to touch. One time Gabriel tried and one of the knights bit his finger.”
Not a lot, and not loudly, but all around him Dean could see the occasional keek in their direction, followed by a nippy, muted conversation. They were mostly locals that Dean had seen around town from time to time. No one that he knew by
Standing behind the door, Dean debated with himself whether to open it and burst through, or wait for whatever sucker was on the other side to come in looking for them. Another squeak of wood from the hallway made up his mind: the vamp was on the move. He held himself still, breathing quietly, waiting.
“So… you know how last year, I said that you should’ve told me it was your birthday, because I would’ve cooked something up for you…” Ash indicated the potions-laced chocolates. “And then I remembered that I’m not supposed to be making potions outside class, so I covered it up by saying that I knit?”
holding out to be his friend, and I’m guessing that’s never going to happen if he hears I’m friends with you, so… in the name of all the food Dean could steal from the kitchens for me one day, I’m gonna have to ask you to move along.”
“So, do they roar when Gryffindor scores or something?” Dean asked, ignoring some of the curious looks sent their way as they walked past the Great Hall. “How do they work?”
And before he could decide whether to do so or not, the door to Professor Apollyon’s office creaked open, and she stood framed in it, red hair tumbling in fiery waves.
He was going to do this right, or not at all. As far as he could remember, his notes had said twenty seconds. He’d wait until then.
“Easiest?” Jo put a hand on her hips and frowned. “It’s nearly lights out. We’re not allowed out of bed, or anywhere near the broom cupboard if you’re not on the house team.”
excited about the information he was about to learn. What if it had something to do with the door? “Alright, your turn!”
“Indeed. I’ve got political leanings. If everything goes to plan, you’ll be seeing me trying to make important changes once I join the Ministry.”
“Castiel, I – I thought you wouldn’t mind. It was such a cool story, and I was just talking with Charlie and Bela and it just sort of – Bela was saying how you were such a square because you were in the library the whole time, and I said that wasn’t true, because you were the first one in our year to get a detention, and Charlie said it was probably for keeping a book checked out of the library for too long, so I just…” Jo shrugged. “It wasn’t fair, I wanted them to know what you’re really like. I’m really sorry, Castiel, I shouldn’t’ve done it.”
From the pile of the Gryffindor Quidditch team, Billie Reaper broke away, meeting Jenna out on the field and pulling her into an enthusiastic kiss that made the tips of Dean’s ears turn pink.
And with that, she swept away. A few moments after her departure, the handkerchief she’d conjured – the magic made weak by her anger – disintegrated into dust.
Another man was standing in front of Castiel now. Broad-shouldered, sandy hair, green eyes, and freckles dusting a good majority of a face that looked bewilderingly at him.
Dean gawped at him. Castiel expected him to say something after a second or two, but he just kept staring with his mouth open.
Hannah’s eyes were wide, Castiel could see them out of the corner of his eye, but he kept his gaze fixed challengingly on Gordon. For a long second, they stared each other down. Castiel heard a cough behind him, and couldn’t help wondering how this looked to Dean, who presumably had no idea whatsoever what was happening. Or perhaps Dean did know, and it was just Castiel who had been out of the loop as far as the situation between Hannah and Gordon went. Eventually, Gordon blinked, shrugged, and turned back to his potion.
“Yeah!” Dean said, feeling a little more confident now that the conversation seemed to be going in the right direction. “Like, what if they embarrassed themselves talking to a Muggle one day? Or what if people think they can just
“Just memorising some stuff,” Dean said casually, and Castiel let out a breath of surprised relief. He let go of Dean’s sleeve, and then heard Dean use his newly-freed hand to shift something that was on the table above him. “For next class, you know.”
Underneath the layer of calm spread smooth over his mood like a bed of fresh soil, Castiel could feel the clang and clatter of his quiet worry still shaking his foundations. It had been days since the Sorting and he still hadn’t spoken to his mother, or Michael, or even Gabriel. He’d avoided their eyes, ducked out of the Great Hall, even skipped meals altogether to avoid speaking to any of them. Tomorrow, however, was Charms, with the Ravenclaws. Charms, with Professor Novak. With Naomi. His mother.
Castiel opened his mouth to say something, and then closed it again. Hannah hadn’t said a word so far about her family at home, and Castiel didn’t want to push her - even though his curiosity was so strong now that it was a physical sensation in his throat, questions gathered there that begged to be asked. He took another mouthful of chicken pie.
Castiel very pointedly looked away. Even if he had been sure of an answer, there was no way that he would share it with someone like Gordon.
Castiel sat at his desk, scanning the volume in front of him. He didn’t bother to read too deeply, searching the densely-inked pages swiftly for any mention of a room, a door, a riddle… the words started to blur when he’d been at it for forty minutes. His eyes were itching with tiredness after his early wake-up, and his stomach was grumbling.
Castiel barely had to think about it; his right hand flew into the air. He remembered reading a brief biography of Switch in the library one time; it had been a little boring, but he’d persevered. Hannah, on the other hand, had been reading one of her own books - the ones that she very carefully, and very casually, would not allow Castiel to see. She put up her right hand, too. Castiel remembered the fact that she’d defended him against Dean, and didn’t look over at her or say anything about the fact that she was copying, again.
Ruby glanced at the hand and hit it away, looking up at Dean with anger in her eyes. “I don’t need help from Mudbloods like
Charlie clapped her on the back. “You’re going to help Dean and Philippe cream the other team. Ready for a sneak attack?”
“It’s a powerful potion ingredient. It only grows in the winter at the bottom of waterfalls, and blooms at night.”
“Just something I heard about,” he improvised, lifting one shoulder and letting it fall. “It doesn’t matter. I didn’t think there was anything in it.” Hannah was staring at him quizzically, he could feel her gaze; he tried to be nonchalant about avoiding meeting her eye. She’d see right through him if he looked at her.
“That’s a charm, Professor,” Castiel said. “Not a transfiguration spell. He can’t win a transfiguration quiz with a charm, can he?”
“Gabriel, get out,” Castiel said - mostly because if his brother found out about the exciting potions in the bag beside him, Castiel knew he and his friends wouldn’t get the chance to try a single one of them.
“Well,” he said after a moment’s pause, “I’m still top of my year. Perhaps I’m the first Novak to be brave as well as smart.” There was a voice in his head - a voice that, irritatingly enough, sounded a lot like his brother Gabriel - that was laughing at him over that one.
It was wonderful because it meant that Michael wasn’t cutting all ties. Castiel knew Michael was cool and aloof and even cruel sometimes, but... he still yearned for his oldest brother’s approval. To know that he still had a chance of making Michael proud of him… to know that Michael had been following his progress and effort in class, that his hard work wasn’t passing unnoticed…
“I don’t want to do the dishes, but if I don’t do them, they’ll go to space,” Dean said, and took the broom out of Castiel’s hands.
“No, thank Merlin.” Dean said loudly, testing out the wizard-swear on his tongue. It felt nice. “I saw him sulking after Michael up to the front of the train. Good riddance, if you ask me.”
“Well. Thread-gazing, if you want to be precise,” Spangler clarified. He pointed a finger at the ceiling. “Look, I can see the dog star.”
“People are asking me if I’m disappointed,” she said through clenched teeth. Castiel could see up her flaring nostrils, from where he was standing. “They ask if I always knew that you were different. Everyone thinks you are
Dean raised an eyebrow, a little concerned that he hadn’t needed to check… perhaps a list, or something. “You know that off the top of your head?”
“Ah, hello.” He said, in a voice much lower than Jimmy’s but he couldn’t tell if it was just from disuse. “I’ve seen you around before, haven’t I?”
“See you in the stadium!” Jo called after her as she disappeared into the melee of excited students. “Half an hour!” From deep in the thicket of bodies, they saw a thin arm raise a magazine aloft and wave it in recognition. Jo grinned as she turned back to face Castiel.
“I’m not going to let you guys split our whole year in two,” Jo said firmly. “I just don’t think it will actually help anything. Not Dean, and not you either. The rest of us have got to be able to stay friends with both of you and you guys have got to get used to being around each other, even if you can’t like each other.”
“Why are you in here?” Castiel deflected. He didn’t honestly believe that he could get out of this situation without revealing that he was playing a game of hide and seek, but he was fairly sure that telling Dean would set him up for weeks of teasing. Castiel remembered briefly that Billie Reaper was playing, and filed that away to use later as a defence when Dean started to make fun of him.
spell that she’d mentioned in class, only he hadn’t been able to remember the incantation and he hadn’t wanted to make a fool of himself - particularly since Dean Winchester had been sitting right in front of him as usual, and any slip-up was sure to result in a smug smile right across that annoying, freckled face.
“Yeah, and Philippe. Merlin, we’re going to need to leave early if we want to save enough seats for everyone.” Jo pressed her lips together. “You know that I’m bringing Castiel too, right?”
A slight creak in the hallway outside broke Dean's concentration. He flattened his features, shifting his mind easily into the alertness he needed for hunting. He gestured for Castiel to get behind him, moving towards the door with a quietness that was instinctive, though probably unnecessary given that they'd been talking just a moment ago without bothering to whisper. Castiel hesitated for a moment, raising his bloody knife just a little as though to argue it should be him at the front – but then he seemed to shrug to himself and let it go, falling into place behind Dean.
Castiel’s eyes flicked between them, two real wizards standing so tall and sure of themselves. They had a glamour to them, a strength, and Castiel was seized with a sudden desire to be them - to be tall and confident, going against the crowd and not caring, talking about it loudly in the Great Hall. Lucifer wasn’t even bothered by the fact that his opinion wasn’t the same as the mainstream. Castiel was sure that if Lucifer had been sorted into the wrong House, he’d have held his head high all the same. He tilted his own chin up, and shifted his body, trying to pose himself like Lucifer did.
Castiel climbed into the empty space on the bench next to Hannah with a little groan of effort. He had dark circles under his eyes, and was trying to blink away the bleariness that came with an early morning after a late night.
Professor Novak was a strict teacher, but ultimately fair. The moment Dean realized that his Charms professor was the mother of Castiel Novak, it was easily apparent that the apple didn’t fall far from the tree. She expected nothing less than their best effort and had absolutely no tolerance for anything that didn’t benefit the collective knowledge of the class.
A picture flashed across Castiel’s mind - an image, a memory, from just before Castiel had left to buy his herbs: Dean, doubled over in pain, grasping onto Castiel’s arm for support with his face twisted, their connection scalding with the intensity of the hurt.
It shouldn’t have been a surprise to Dean how easily Hogwarts had become a second home to him. He had a lot of things to miss back at his first home, so he hadn’t expected to get so attached to castle that he’d first thought was big and cold. The castle didn’t house his parents, and it didn’t have his little brother Sammy, either.
“Unless you want to decimate a city, of course,” Castiel said, waving a hand at a building as they passed it. “That’s fair game. Or breaking ranks to search for your brother. You can ignore commands for that. But helping people? Saving lives? Can’t bother with that?”
“Hmm,” Joshua said. “Maybe I’ll have to think about it some more, then.” He offered Castiel a small smile, which Castiel returned. “Have a good day.”
It still had the mechanical pipes and exhausts that seemed to make up an engine, and gears were still prevalent as well. It… it was still the same door. It had just changed.
“No,” Castiel said, an almost-smile on his face. “No, that’s not - that was the boggart. The boggart…” He stopped, his brain catching up with his mouth even through the stomach-drop, the horror. It couldn’t be the boggart. Lisa’s boggart wouldn’t be Dean telling Castiel to go away.
Dean’s owl. Maybe Dean would come to say hello to his owl, Castiel thought. A part of him ached at the thought, a part of him hoped. He didn’t know what he’d do, if Dean appeared. He knew Dean wanted space. Castiel would have to leave. But even just seeing him for a few seconds would be something that wasn’t thinking about him all the time.
Her frown did not abate, and there was a part of Castiel that agreed with her – but Dean was staring him down challengingly from across the table, and there was no backing out now. Castiel cleared his throat, settled himself in his seat – and tapped the cards.
Castiel said nothing, until he realised that Jo was pointing at him with an innocent expression on her face.
The students began to murmur amongst themselves, some sounding nervous, some just completely confused.
“Allow me to introduce you to the Slytherin team! In robes of green, we have Masters, Wisdom, Roman, Tinoshemet, McKeon, Morningstar - the captain, as you all know - and filling in for the lovely Kali Sharma for this match is the newly-minted Bartholomew Harrington!”
“Castiel,” Naomi said, when she reached him. She folded her hands neatly. “I haven't seen you since the exams ended.”
“Missed,” Jo said, unsatisfied, her pretended innocence falling away. Castiel frowned and pulled out his own wand, screwing up a piece of paper.
Dean pulled out his wand from inside of his robes and licked his lips. It was only after he’d pointed it at his leg that he realized he didn’t know any spell that could help him right now. What was it that Madam Hanscum had said, when he’d asked her about fixing bigger injuries while she was helping him with the burn salve? Something about not wanting to tell him the bigger medical spells in case he got them wrong.
not, but my vessel was a model for a while,” Dean said, looking longingly at a slate-grey ensemble with an odd satiny shirt that fastened asymmetrically along the neckline. “Hel
He felt like a library book that had been checked out and was stuck on someone’s shelf - waiting for the day it had to go back to what it knew - back to not quite belonging.
“I’m coming, I’m coming,” he said, dropping back to the floor and standing the broom up against the wall. He looked back at Dean, who had also landed.
He did his best to disguise the usual slight stomach-drop by turning his attention back to Jo and the game. He studied the pieces, thinking through all the different moves that Jo could make. If she put her pawn there, he could take it with his rook, but then that would leave his knight completely unprotected and the only place it had to move to was within range of Jo’s own queen. Maybe he could -
“I’m sorry,” he murmured. “Sorry for what I said before. I’m just worried about you. And I’m letting it get in your way.”
“Oh, it was on purpose,” Garth said with a shrug. “They just forgot to give them to the person whose feet were supposed to be eaten, and put them on themselves.”
Dean smiled, and nodded. He raised his eyebrows and his knife, and stepped forward, at the same time as he saw Castiel moving beside him.
There was a beat of silence on the other side of the door, then the creak of wood, and the door opened a few inches to show Dean leaning his head against the wooden door frame.
“This sucks,” Dean said, pushing open the doorway to the McDonalds roughly as they left it and shoving his hands into the pockets of his slacks. “How can
Dean huffed out an annoyed breath of air and crossed his arms in front of his chest. “Yes, you have! You just said it!”
He had a car, a long list of motels he preferred over others, and occasionally he had a couch at Anna’s when he was in town, but it had been a long while since he’d had a place that he could call his own.
“We don’t always belong where we think we belong,” she said solemnly to Castiel, who frowned at her. He
Castiel could see it all unrolling in his mind. He grabbed for the jar of valerian sprigs, and pulled out two of them; he reached for a phial of Lethe River water; he snapped off a spray of mistletoe berries, and reached for one of the small pots of standard herb blend. Hurrying back to his cauldron, he dropped his ingredients down onto the desk and began to line them up neatly.
Jimmy nodded once, set down his beer can, and in a bizarre turn of events, began yelling at Dean’s ceiling.
Castiel’s immediate worry was that he’d got himself caught up in some kind of never-ending cursed loop of doors. He hurried back to the first door and peered out.
“Well then what do you want me to do?” he said aloud, gazing up at the ornate “H” that was carved at the keystone.
Better than fine, actually. He made a stupid demon deal like eight years ago so that he could have a successful acting career, and because of that he was going to get dragged to hell in two years… so, I made him a counter offer when I found out he was a compatible vessel for me. He leaves earth a couple years earlier than planned, but he gets to spend forever in heaven instead of hell.” Dean shoved his hands into the pockets of his jacket with a defensive shrug. “If you ask me, he’s really lucky I came knocking.”
“And I thought Gryffindors were all about chivalry and doing the right thing!” Dean skipped away briefly to avoid another slap. “Doesn’t seem very chivalrous to be friends with a jerk, if you ask me.”
Across the desk, Jo crumpled up a piece of paper, pulled out her wand, pointed it at the wad and murmured,
starting to circulate, or else the seventh floor would suddenly find itself packed with eager first years. He wanted to be in Ravenclaw, but that was hardly within the powers of some student who apparently didn’t even know Alohomora. What, then?
Madam Hanscum’s expression grew thoughtful for a moment before she tapped him on the nose with a wink. “You remind me of
“Anyway, I think we should head to Dallas and show Sam’s picture around. Maybe someone will recognize his vessel. We need
He’d made sure that he had the incantation properly pronounced and memorized so it couldn’t be a problem on his end. Chances were that this door was protected with too much magic for that spell to have any effect on it.
whelvenwings would like to thank her co-writer, K_K_TiBal, for managing to write at all, let alone so much and so well, during a hectic month filled with finals, festivities, and moving house. Mich, you are the best.
“That one’s from me,” Ash said excitedly, leaning forwards. “See, I added a little… something something… to each chocolate. They all do something different. All good things!” he added hurriedly, in the face of the group’s scepticism. “Just fun stuff.”
Castiel blinked at her. He hadn’t realised that she felt even slightly bad about that. He certainly didn’t; Gordon had got everything that was coming to him. The way he was acting these days – isolating himself, not talking much – had improved the lives of the people around him radically, as far as Castiel could see.
were not friends. Jo mentioned Dean had a little brother; Hannah said he was called Sam. Anna knew from Garth that Dean had the same shoe size as Castiel. Philippe told Spangler and Zeddmore that Dean had a Holly and Dragon Heartstring wand. And always, somehow, these little details found their way back to Castiel. Honestly, if there was anything Castiel
“Your tarantula?” Castiel said, wrinkling his nose as the conversation steered its way back into safe, light-hearted waters. “She wants to hold it?”
After a moment, he heard sneaking footsteps behind him, and swung around quickly. When he saw Ash in the beam of his wandlight, he let out a breath and lowered his wand.
In the few months after that meeting, Dean’s father had begrudgingly accepted the fact that his son would be attending some strange school with a terrible name instead of the school that he himself had gone to as a kid, and had more or less stopped talking to Dean.
Cas finished the rest of his shower quickly and padded out into the living room, dressed in an AC/DC t-shirt and plaid PJ pants borrowed from Dean. Both of the brothers were plopped down on the sofa watching an episode of some sort of mystery documentary Cas had never seen before.
“Dinner every Sunday, you make sure you’re here, both of you. You got that?” Her gaze fixed on Dean, taking him back.
“Have you asked Ash? He might be willing to drive, I’m not tracking back home in the dark again.” Charlie complained. The last time she had to find her way back in the dark, she took a wrong turn and ended up face planting into an overgrown pond. “Where is he btw?”
“John Winchester is moving back into Town?” Charlie asked, suddenly interested in the conversation. "That's a ballsy move"
Memories were fickle, fragile little things. Some were so clear, that had he had the skills, he could've drawn them in excruciating detail. Others blurry, like the person taking the picture, had forgotten to focus the camera. And yet the emotions linked to each one, so real they, in turn, made the memories real.
Castiel glances sideways at him. “It isn’t standard for family members to change their name to a line with the devil?” He deadpans, causing  Dean to roll his eyes and laugh. Cas was looking at him again, in that intense way he looked at people.
“Bitch, as I was saying no 13yo girl spends her lunch breaks with two nerdy guys over her friends unless she’s interested, trust me, take her to a movie or something. If you’d run a  brush through your hair, even your ugly mug cleans up nice” He takes a massive bite out of his sandwich. “Just ask her, she won’t say no. Trust me” he mumbles around his mouthful.
The spray of warm water hit his back, the water pressure too low to help relax his tense shoulders. Cas turned the tap further left, the small bathroom filling with warm steam, he massaged the meat of his shoulder trying to force the knots out without much success.  With a sigh, he grabbed for the body wash bottle, the red -50% sticker peeling off.  It smelled of the woods and citrus and Dean.
“These are the greatest hits of the mullet rock” Jo whined backing up her friend. “Nothing wrong with a mullet!” Ash piped in from where he was sitting on the worn two-seater orange couch. Dean had been at a loss for words while the girls picked apart his music taste, saw his opportunity to change the subject.
“How are you gon’ fix it?” Bobby’s question wasn’t condescending, but more of that of a teacher asking his class to answer a topic they had covered previously.
Dean stopped dead in his tracks outside the kitchen, Ellen and Bobby were having an argument, leaving Dean standing in the dark hallway holding a dirty plate.
“Huh? Yeah sure- who’s Jessie” Dean smirks spotting the Jessie 4-ever heart tattoo on Pam’s lower back.  She stood up adjusting her bag on her shoulder
School had just gotten out when they arrived to pick his documents, Sam had opted to wait in the car he was always the new kid so he knew all the students would’ve been giving him funny looks and whispering behind him. He should’ve been used to it by now, having attended 9 middle schools but it still sucked and he had wanted to postpone all the staring until Monday.
It was thanks to Ellen’s searching gaze that Dean found himself outside in the salvage yard, where he had sought refuge from inside the house. The afternoon sun was burning the back of his neck where he was hunched over the open hood of the Impala. There had been a rattling sound when he dropped Sam off the school earlier, he might as well get a look at the problem as his job hunt was going as well as one might expect for a 17-year-old high school drop out in a small town, where teenagers got jobs based on how well the business owners knew them.
As the night progressed, the five teens roasted their smores, passed around the few joints Ash had brought and finished the variety of snacks of pixie stixs, gushers and Bugles. Dean had fallen right into their little posse, he and Charlie had gotten into a debate over Star Wars vs Star Trek which had gone around in circles until Jo called them both nerds and quickly changed the topic before they had the chance to start again. Ash managed to go on a rant about one of his conspiracy theories, something about the CIA conducting chemical interrogation tactics, dousing people with a truth serum and mind control. The response had been a collective groan from everyone, except Dean who had looked amused and stated how all the anti-government patches on Ash's jean jacket now made sense.
“Huh? Yeah sure Sammy” He agreed not convinced it was possible. Could he? Could he settle down, make meaningful relationships? Would the urge to bolt and move on to the next town or city leave him alone if he managed to find his footing in this town? He had done nothing but slip before, but if Sam wanted him to try he would.
Teens would go out to the old farm when they wanted to drink, smoke or hook up as not even the cops bothered to head out there on a regular basis. It had laid abandoned ever since Mr Harkness had passed away eight years ago, weeds and small woodland animals quickly taking it over.
“What the hell Sammy! What happened to your face!?” Was the first thing out of his mouth as soon as he got a better look at Sam’s black eye.
“We have to be careful when we climb if you wanna see the farm I almost fell the first time! OH! We could pretend we’re Batman and Robin spying on the Riddler or The Penguin” Dean said excitedly as he pulled himself up onto the next branch, hardly pausing for breath in between words. Cas had no idea who these characters were.
Dean worked on the Impala well into the afternoon, his neck now well and truly sunburnt, the clanks of his tools against the metal guts of the car and the low tunes of the classic rock station being the only sounds in the otherwise quiet salvage yard. Dean would hum along to most of the songs absentmindedly as he worked, this was the closest he had felt something akin to happiness in a long while. The hours ticked by fast and he was late to pick Sammy up from school. Having yet to reassemble all the components for the new water pump, he borrowed Bobby’s truck, a monstrosity from ‘85 that complained violently every time you tried to accelerate past 25mph.
Charlie handed him one walking over to the old stereo player “Do you mind?” she asked as she was flipping through Dean’s small stack of cassette tapes and an even smaller stack of CDs next to a stereo that had been left behind by the previous tenants.  Jo materialized next to her, looking over the redhead’s shoulder.
All critiques are welcome but be nice about it or I'll cry. Kudos and comments are highly appreciated. I like hearing from you ^^ (Pls give me attention)
The trailer’s living space had started to look like a home. On the walls hung old movie and band posters Dean and Sam had stolen from a movie theatre they had snuck into in Milwaukee. On the rackety bookshelf was a stack of Sam’s school books, The Giver, and a box set of  Star Wars on VHS’. Over the back of the couch hung a patch-work quilt their mom had made when Sam was a baby.
“What if she doesn’t like me back? I’m the new weirdo kid who lives in a trailer with his brother” Sam stirs his food with his fork.
“Now we'll be able to move out of the Singer’s study,” Dean said with an overconfident grin.  Judging by Sam’s pout he was not on the same page as the elder Winchesters sentiment, Ellen had taken on a motherly role when it came to Sammy, which he had been all too quick to accept. They drove home under a comfortable silence, only the sound of the dying engine and road under their wheels, the knob on the radio had been stuck on a Christian Gospel channel so Dean had turned the whole thing off in frustration.
Dean froze. He knew Sam was a genius, of course, the kid had what it took to go to college, it had been the whole point in letting Sam only attend one HIgh School. However, Dean hadn’t thought about what would happen once he graduated. Of course, Sam had bigger dreams than to stick around forever. Dean had no idea what he would do after Sam was gone. Rejoin their dad on the wild goose chase to find their mom’s killer? Work for Bobby?
Harkness was an old grumpy man living on the outskirts of town, all the kids were terrified of him. Jesse Turner had told Dean that Mr Harkness had killed his wife and fed her to the pigs, but when Dean had repeated the story to his mom asking if he, too, would be fed to the pigs if the farmer caught him, Mary had reassured him that Jesse had an overactive imagination and Dean shouldn’t believe everything that boy said. She had followed up by saying that if a soul tried to hurt her baby boy she would feed THEM to the pigs.
“All set Sammy, you’re now fully registered at Oak Ridge High: a place to reach your full potential.” Dean mock quoted the banner that had been hanging in the foyer.  Sam, who had started looking through the papers in the folder as soon as Dean had handed them to him, glanced up.
“Good, you start tomorrow and drop the ‘sir’ I ain’t a sir until the Queen herself knights me” With that, he stood up and headed back towards the house. “Make sure you wash before dinner, Ellen will whoop you if you get motor oil on the furniture” He shouted over his shoulder before disappearing out of sight.
“What do you want me to say? I’m not really an expert when it comes to functional families” Dean crooked one of his eyebrows. Cas frowned “I don’t need you to say anything Dean, just thank you”
all of him. Looking at him with the most piercing blue eyes Dean had ever seen. The look made him feel naked in a way he’d never felt before.
“I don’t know,” Dean replied honestly, but he doubted it. For the past decade, John Winchester had tracked the man who had killed his wife all over The US dragging his sons with him. The last place he’d want to return to was the town that constantly reminded him of Mary.
“Aw Sammy, Any specific reason you ask?” Dean gave his brother a teasing grin, who just blushed harder. “H-Her name is Madison. We study together...sometimes she joins me and Barry for lunch” Dean was surprised the heat from his cheeks didn’t set his shaggy hair on fire.
With a sigh Cas stands up, grabbing on to the blanket to stop it from sliding down his shoulders. The Sun has now risen above the mountain peaks, still warm enough to defrost the ground as a reminder that summer was not quite ready to let go just yet. Cas turns his back to the lake and heads back to the cabin. Emma was going to visit later that evening so Cas was planning on baking her Dean's special, a blueberry and raspberry pie. He had ensured he had all the ingredients on his last trip into town. The town was nearly unrecognisable compared to the town he remembered running through age 7 in a hurry to get to the now gone Oka tree, had it fallen in an autumn storm or had it been cut down?
Cas had no idea what to do or why Dean was so mad, he had always been taught that if good people die they go to Heaven where they’re happier than they were on earth. Cas looked up at Dean, the carefree mischievous glint in his eyes was gone, replaced by something much harder. Dean wiped away his tears in annoyance, before turning around in a huff and walking down the hill leaving Cas on the ground.
“It takes one Honeybee its whole life to make one teaspoon of honey,” Cas says into the misty morning air. Dean lets out a small laugh next to him. “Sucks to be a bee”
“Huh?” Cas looked up at his blonde friend confused. (How Jo got away with wearing crop tops without being dressed coded was a mystery.)
Dean stepped on the cigarette butt, heading back in, the drizzle had increased to light rain. Doubtful he would fall back asleep, he opted for the hideous couch that had seen its prime in the early 70s and turned on early morning tv.  He must’ve dozed off because the next time he looked up at the TV the infomercials had stopped and Velma was about to unmask the ghost/monster. It must be past 7 am. He got up and started a pot of coffee and rummaged through the small fridge for breakfast, only finding a few pieces of bacon and two eggs. Not much in terms of breakfast.
“Wasn’t forever, I’ll tell you that much” Her simile teasing, popping her hip out, crossing her arms.
“Where do you think you are going” Speak of the devil and he shall appear. Cas didn’t bother with a reply. Shooting Zachariah a pointed look, he adjusted his running shorts and IcePeak sweatshirt, left behind by Gabriel. He stepped around the older man, who was now blocking the front door.
They’d race their bikes on the dirt road leading down to the lake the dust whirling around them. Cas would always win. Dean would pout and blame it on Cas’ new and nicer bike. Cas would laugh and point out that perhaps Dean was just a sore loser. Cas offered to swap bikes to prove his point, and when Dean still lost he pouted even harder in turn making Cas laugh until his ribs hurt.
“You’ve changed,” He said, studying Dean’s face. “ You’re cocky now. Don’t think that’s who you’re though” Cas shrugged.
Today, three years ago, he had to bury Dean. The pier used to be Dean’s favourite spot as well, he had used to come down here before daybreak, just to watch the sun come up. (During the summer he would fish before the sun drove them to dive deeper into the darkness of the water where they'd be safe)  Cas would join him an hour or so later with two cups of coffee. They'd sit there enjoying the comfortable silence that at times fell between them. No words were needed to convey how they felt in those moments, perhaps there were no words that that would have been enough. They'd just listen to the soft sound of the water lick the base of the pier until Dean would lean in to plant a kiss on his cheek asking if he wanted breakfast.
They had no idea how long they had sat there, in their tree, but the sun had started to sink down below the tree line when they were interrupted by a panicked woman shouting.
“Tian dives again – is the snitch in sight or is this another one of her signature deceptions?” Gabriel Novak’s voice boomed magically across the field.
“Wait,” Dean squinted at him, “so you’re going to see the same concert of the same band over and over again?”
“Yeah. You are.” Dean crossed his arms in front of his chest. “You’re still in Hufflepuff anyway. I’m sorry that sucks so much for you.” It almost surprised him how much Ruby’s betrayal to his House hurt and offended him. Hufflepuffs were generally a kind and supportive group of people and Dean had never seen anyone be anything but nice to Ruby. Her roommates were nice, the Head of House was nice, and the common room was nice.
Focusing on the matchstick in front of him once more, and avoiding Garth’s elbows, Castiel waved his wand and said sharply,
in a way he couldn’t explain in words, but it was as if he could naturally follow the rules of spells as simply as he could speak English.
Dean’s brain was in a whirl, too confused and overwhelmed by all that had happened recently. The tears finally started flowing as he thought about the letter that might never get sent because of how
test question. Jumping into the black lake was going to be peanuts compared to that quill Gabriel was going to give him for doing it.
“It’s worse for me,” said Hannah’s head, reappearing through a different hole in the blanket fort’s soft roof. “I was sitting next to her! I was breathing it in!”
“I mean, I didn’t get you anything last year because I hated your guts,” Dean said. “Don’t get me wrong - I still think they’re pretty terrible. But I thought maybe I’d, uh, yeah.”
“Mister Novak,” she said, icily calm. “If you make one more move to get on that broom, you will spend what’s left of this term in its entirety in detention. Do you understand?”
right with the stirring and the brewing and the amount of ingredients, then the entire concoction was going to be completely wrong. Dean could sit here and memorize different uses for boomslang skin until his brain leaked out his ears but it wasn’t going to make a bit of difference if he couldn’t actually figure out how to make it all come together during class.
He was a failure, a useless, stupid failure, and that’s all there was to it. He’d let down the entirety of his family with all its history, defecting to a rival House simply because – well, because he
And the third thing he knew for sure was something that he'd just learned: that compartment of kids were a bunch of assholes.
Still, even though Dean had been determined to remain neutral in the match, he couldn’t help but feed off of the energy that sitting in a buzzing arena gave off.
He hadn’t even considered it, and honestly was just grateful that he hadn’t died yet. But if Castiel was going to be trying out…
“I’m not going to do this for you every year, you know,” Dean said, wrapping the red and gold scarf around his neck as Jo shoved hashbrowns into her mouth as fast as she could. “Special occasions only. Maybe even once in a lifetime.”
Today, Castiel resolved, would be different. He’d make his potion perfectly, come top of the class - leave Dean eating his Floo Powder, as Gabriel would say. He’d spent over two hours this week studying up and writing notes on the potion they were going to be making: the Cure for Boils. It seemed simple enough.
Dean, who had plucked his wand out of his bag hopefully, put it away again with a slope to his shoulders that spoke volumes of his disappointment. Castiel rolled his eyes. Dean couldn’t create any sparks and bangs, here, so his attention span would probably run out in the first five minutes.
“No!” Hannah said, waving away the hands grabbing at her robes and sitting up straight, wiping the blood away onto her cloak. “No, you’re not going to do that,” she said, looking into Castiel’s eyes.
Dean stood about as much chance of coming top in the Potions results as an average bowtruckle. As far as Castiel could see, that put them on level ground.
“Oh, well, if you want another shot at breaking my face, let’s get back on our brooms and give it a go!” Dean said. “Maybe you’ll be able to cheat better the second time!”
“The Elixir to Induce Happiness,” he said. The group burst into giggles, muffled to various degrees. Hannah’s eyes were bugging as she struggled to keep a straight face for Castiel’s benefit, and Jo was punching Dean on the arm and shaking her head, unable to wipe off her grin.
Dean felt pretty confident in saying that he’d already uncovered a few of the secrets that Hogwarts held in his short time here. Most of them had been with other people, but that didn’t diminish his finds. This one was special, though. This one was
“How are things with Mom?” Gabriel asked in a softer voice, sensing Castiel’s unease. Castiel managed a wry smile.
Castiel smiled as he said it, thrilled that, for the first time in a very long time, the order meant nothing to him. It was harmless, even.
annoyed over him making a mistake and sounding a little over-confident about his chess ability? He tried to watch her subtly, looking for any clues to what might have frustrated her. Maybe she’d glance angrily towards a spot on his cheek and he’d wipe at it and realise he’d had toothpaste smeared there the whole time. Or maybe she’d roll her eyes when he directed a particular chess piece, and so he’d know that she just really didn’t like bishops.
Usually when Dean thought about kissing, it was something he said was gross or he rolled his eyes at. He’d been unfortunate enough to see a lot of the older students kissing in the hallways at school or in rooms they thought no one would be in, or – if he was
Maybe if he could have hidden that he was a Gryffindor, he would have done. Then Naomi couldn’t have been angry with him about it.
“They roar whenever they like,” Lisa said, giving her own flower a fond glance. “It’s not a charm. It’s a plant. I made them.”
“Someone out there will hear our gurgling noises,” said Jo dismissively, jerking her thumb behind her at the chatter of the others at the sleepover. “Come on, everyone, open your bottles, let’s do this!”
“I have to say, this is the first time I’ve treated a Quidditch-related injury for someone who wasn’t on the Quidditch pitch.” She tapped a small cup with her wand once and held it up to Dean’s lips. “Drink up. I’ve healed your noggin, but this’ll get rid of that darn headache you’ve probably got.”
Castiel let out a huff of mingled frustration and hurt, and then pulled himself to his feet. His broomstick shot up into his hand the second he held it out, and he mounted it and kicked off, hard. The ground fell away fast.
Castiel remembered in a rush what was to come; for a moment, he’d been too caught up thinking about Hannah and Anna and Jo that he’d forgotten the reason he was here, the reason his wand was still spinning in his hands - unconsciously, now. He stowed it away in his bag as he walked past Crowley, who smiled at him a little nastily. Castiel had no idea what that meant - whether he’d passed or failed - but he felt his nausea rise a notch, all the same.
It was a flower of some sort, just one bright yellow bloom at the very top of its long stem - but the ends of the petals looked a little wilted, and the edges of some of the leaves were turning brown. There was something familiar about it, but Dean couldn’t remember where he’d seen one of them before.
of them at home. Every other week I turn a corner and it’s like, oh, there it is again, another stupid werewolf. If I ever actually meet a werewolf, I’m going to try to cast
Anna snorted and walked away from the conversation as one of the other patrons walked up to the bar.
“To Hannah and Castiel’s desk,” Jo announced, causing Hannah and Castiel to share another look of consternation. “You know, I only study with people who have
For some reason, Dean felt a lot better now that he understood the meaning of the word. It wasn’t as menacing as it used to be.
Castiel raised his right hand with absolute certainty. Beside him, Hannah paused a moment before also putting up her right hand. Castiel wondered, briefly, if she knew the answer, or if she had just copied him. Not that it mattered, really, he thought, with only a little begrudgement. After all, if Professor Tran hadn’t wanted copying to be part of the quiz, she would have blindfolded the students or somehow made sure they couldn’t see each other. Hannah was just doing her best within the rules of the game.
“Your brother Gabriel’s got a tarantula, so I hear,” she’d said, beaming and passing him the gloves. “Well, you’ll be used to all manner of strange animals, then! Just put these on and you can take Amphibious Nigellus, he’ll be no trouble.”
Well, how many Ravenclaw first years came to the library to study every morning before breakfast? None, exactly none. Castiel was more Ravenclaw than the Ravenclaws, and he wasn’t even in Ravenclaw. If he ever met the Sorting Hat again, it was going to be so embarrassed of how badly it had done when it had sorted him.
Dean took a few steps forward and cockily ran a hand through his now-sandy hair. “Nah. I thought about keeping it for a while but figured that this school isn’t ready for that yet. I might go back, though.”
“You look like you’ve seen a ghost,” Philippe remarked, landing the high five with nonchalance and then folding his arms triumphantly at Castiel, who could still feel his heart in his throat. Seeing himself like that, his own face…
Dean looked up from his book when he saw a very large platter of buttery rolls set on the table next to him out of the corner of his eye.
magical. It’s just an orchid with an enlargement enchantment on it. It should be sort of the same as a normal orchid.” Lisa crossed her arms in front of her chest and stared down at it with a frown. “I think, at least.”
He looked down at the parchment and quill in front of him, noticing with a glance to left and right that it was in front of every student, with the same curled writing on the top of the page.
Still not moving, Castiel stared at her. He thought his mind should be racing, but instead it felt as though it were filled with a thick fog. Ruby rolled her eyes.
Exchanging a look with Hannah, Castiel shrugged his shoulders awkwardly and went back to his notes. Of course, if Jo was taking Castiel’s side then Anna was taking Hannah’s. The two girls hadn’t stopped fighting, and were always on the lookout for new topics to argue about.
“Just keep giving me directions,” Castiel said with his last shred of sanity. “And make sure we’re not being followed.”
“I would if I knew where you were!” said a voice to one side, and the crowd laughed. Gabriel stuck up a hand, and Castiel could see his fingertips waving. Everyone laughed even more; Castiel joined in until he caught Dean’s eye, and it felt too much like laughing together, again.
Dean elected to drop the trowel and reach into the pot with his bare hands, letting his fingers sink into the dirt and gently pull upwards. With a fair bit of tugging, and a nicely-timed light spell from Ash that made it recoil a little, the Devil’s Snare had successfully been moved into a bigger pot.
Dean sat cross-legged before it, staring up at the immense structure and internalizing as much as he could about it. He tried to make sense of the gears and the belts that were interwoven throughout the construction of it, seeing as that was really the only thing he had much of a chance at understanding. The sigils were lost on him and probably would be forever, but the Muggle bits… he could try and ask his dad about it over the summer if he worked up enough nerve.
“Look,” he said, “I don’t want to pretend to be better than I am. Alohomora’s about as much as I know, so I don’t think I’m going to be able to help you…”
Castiel jumped when he felt a warm hand wrap around his wrist and ground him to the moment once more.
Joshua peered over the counter and gently took the book from Dean’s hands. He flipped it over with a searching look in Dean’s direction.
“Think you’ve done well, Novak?” he said. Castiel, used to this kind of trick question at home, kept his face blank.
Castiel didn’t know what to say to her. He opened his mouth, and reached for the words, but nothing came.
“So, you see,” Dean was saying, “you probably haven’t heard of the author but it’s not too weird that it’s a book for Muggles, because wizards also read those, I’m sure you know that, but anyway -”
“Excuse me, sirs?’ Dean looked down to see Turvey bowing a little again. “I hates to suggest your leaving but dinner is going to be served soon and we don’t want you to be missing it.”
“You aren’t much like Michael, are you,” he said, looking down at Castiel with eyes that calculated.
Castiel heard a snort from in front of them, and looked up to see that Dean had been following their conversation. When he saw that he’d been caught, Dean grinned, put his hands on his hips, and shook them from side to side with a serious expression on his face.
“Good, thank you.” Professor MacLeod gestured at him with a flourish and looked out at the classroom. “Now, what you see before you is a common misconception perpetuated by years of both wizarding and Muggle propaganda alike. Vampire teeth do not look like this. Having only two sharpened teeth would be ineffective.”
Dean’s gaze followed Castiel as he hurried past the two of them. “Uh, how about you come sit with me at my table?” he asked, wanting to avoid the other boy for as long as possible.
Castiel expected Dean to shake him off with a revolted look, but he let Castiel pull him forward, still looking perplexed by the news about the author of the book. Hurrying them through the library with Dean in tow, Castiel let go when he reached the shelf he was looking for and gave Dean his birthday book - and then frowned, and took it back.
“Gabriel!” Castiel yelped, squirming – surely everyone would be staring? But when he was released, he quickly realised that no one was paying him any attention. Students everywhere were shouting greetings and getting on the train, too busy to watch Castiel being teased. Michael was engaged in a serious-looking conversation several feet away with a tall boy wearing a green and silver tie, who had dirty-blond hair and a strange, icy twinkle in his eye. He looked over at Castiel, and winked. Castiel, still brushing down his robes, swallowed uncomfortably and looked up at Gabriel.
“Hey,” he said. “Listen. About the, uh…” He threw a glance back over his shoulder towards the emptying classroom and the distant figure of Professor Apollyon, and then lowered his voice. “The promise you made me last year.”
“My leg!” Hannah said dramatically, and Ash frantically reached for something that wasn’t there, and mimed snuffing it with two of his fingers. Dean, Hannah, and Ash all breathed out a sigh of relief. Castiel watched them all, bemused.
“Worm movements,” Garth said; Hannah looked scandalised by her own mistake. Across the room, Jo and Anna had taken out their wands and were making them wiggle snakily at each other. Dean Winchester, right in front of them, was obviously doing his best not to laugh in solidarity, and was turning a gentle fuschia in the process.
for saving your life back there. Hell of a time to go into shock, dude. A few more seconds and you were going to be shifter-food.”
Charlie grinned and punched him in the shoulder - a little harder than she probably needed to. “Sweet! So what about the food?”
Another grunt, but Dean allowed himself to be manhandled into crossing the street and entering the pet store.
Dean glanced over when he heard the voice of Nick Munroe next to him. Nick was one of his four roommates in his Hufflepuff dormitory and so far they seemed to get along pretty well. They had a lot in common and Nick’s dad was a muggle, so he’d sort of gotten the best of both worlds growing up.
Slytherin to win,” said the other one of Gordon’s friends – Kubrick, had it been? – from behind Castiel.
The summer passed in a haze like someone was fast-forwarding a VHS tape. Images blurring together green leaves, dirt roads, comic books, glittering water and berry pie, blending together in warm memories that would fade with time leaving only their warm fuzzy feeling in their wake.
“I’m just bringing you something to keep you warm, it’s freezing out here” Cas didn’t look at him, simply sipped his own tea.
“Yes! You need to tell me more about Batman!” Cas shouted back once he too had jumped down. He could see Dean’s mom hugging him desperately, grabbing his hand and starting to walk him back towards the town.
Cas’ gestured for Dean to go right ahead, who lit the cigarette taking a deep breath, ashing on the ground next to him. Cas frowned, noticing all the cigarette butts littering the ground around Dean, he must have been sitting here for a while.
“NIghtmares? You get them often?” Cas asks after he’s sure Dean isn’t going to say anything more. The other just shrugged. “Does it matter?”
This time was different however, Dean felt the pressure of unvoiced expectations prickling his skin like electricity, making him restless. This time he had to really try, try to not crash and burn everything to the ground to build something akin to real and genuine if not for himself then for Sam. He was going to build Sammy a stable life, no matter how his every instinct told him to get in the car, and put this town in his rearview mirror like his father had done ten years ago and drive to the next town.
Sammy had fallen asleep on the sofa in the living room, the stress of the day knocking him out cold. Dean envied Sammy, he wasn't sure if he would ever be able to sleep again. John had been in earlier to check on his sons, terrified they were hurt. Once he had realised they were both unharmed he had asked if Ms Acker could look after them for a little longer. John was a police officer itching to join the manhunt for the monster that had killed his wife.
Cas found it impossible to fall asleep, he was acutely aware of the boy sleeping next to him, making relaxing close to impossible. It wasn't made easier by Dean tossing and turning, whatever he was dreaming about must be unpleasant. The covers tangled around his legs and arms Dean tried to free his limbs in his sleep. Cas reached out to place his hand on the other's shoulder in an effort to ease the dream and offer some comfort. After a while Dean stilled under his hand, his body heat radiating into Cas through his palm. He knew he should remove his hand, and he would, just not yet.
“Bite me!” Sam shouted from the bathroom, causing Dean to laugh out loud. The Idea of spending the night sleeping in the same bed as Dean made his whole body buzz uncomfortably and his stomach was tying itself into knots.
“Okay sweetie, follow me no one’s taking your brother away. Carry him to my house you both look like you could use some hot cocoa” Ms Acker said softly, leading Dean towards her house.
Cas was sitting under the Oak reading one of the Batman comics Dean had given him. He had to hide it under his mattress so his parents couldn’t find it. He was starting to get worried, he hadn’t seen Dean in weeks. Cas had almost biked over to his house to knock on the door but didn’t want to be rude and show up uninvited.
“You want me to work for you?” Dean was stunned. Working with cars was something he was good at, but never considered pursuing it, never believing he was good enough to actually make money from it.
Please leave kudos if you enjoyed it and comment with anything you'd like. Any feedback helps me a lot :)
“Medical school. Wow, Cas, that’s impressive. Didn’t peg you for an MD” Dean took his place on the floor next to Cas smiling at him their keens brushing against each other.
“I’m sorry to interrupt, but Charlie is falling asleep and needs to be taken home” They both looked up to see Cas, who looked like he’d rather be anywhere else.
By lunch, Cas is grateful his headache is mostly gone. Charlie, now sat next to him reading a massive copy of the LoTR-trilogy, had given him a painting she had made ( it was a cartoon version of himself riding a bumblebee) for his birthday. Jo had buried her nose in a teen magazine, answering a “Find Your New Style”-quiz, while absent-mindedly chewing on a butterfly clip. Since sophomore year Jo had gone through multiple style identities, the junior year goth phase had been the most disturbing one thus far. Her current style, inspired by Baby Spice, was now on the chopping block.
Anna had fallen back to speak to them, too, her long red hair swirling in the cold wind as she waited for them to catch up.
“HIC - go!” Castiel yelled - there was no point in being quiet, not after that. When Dean hesitated, Castiel said, “we can’t stay
October rolled onwards, and an excited buzz began to build in the Great Hall as Halloween neared. Castiel, who had grown up hearing stories from Gabriel about the sumptuous decorations and delicious feasts, even took a break out of his regular studying schedule one lunchtime to watch as, on the twenty-ninth of October, Mr Singer and the groundskeeper, a burly-looking, wild-eyed man named Mr Turner, started carving and arranging huge pumpkins in the Great Hall. Sitting in a gaggle of his fellow Gryffindors, Castiel stared with them, agog, as the hugest of the giant jack-o’-lanterns was levitated into place.
He could feel Castiel’s glare on the back of his neck as he sauntered out of the library, book in hand.
“You - you can do that?” The girl seemed rightly skeptical as she drew her hand back, blinking back any more tears.
Castiel sniffed, wiped his nose on his sleeve, and then winced. Mr Singer pulled his own sleeve over his hand, and wiped away a bit that Castiel had missed.
The worst part was that even though he didn’t know the full extent of its meaning, Dean could already feel it sinking into his gut and burning its way through him. The moment Ruby had flung it at him, the poison took hold, and Dean couldn’t seem to shake it off.
It was deathly quiet in the Hall. Castiel was glad of his own voice, counting out the numbers. He wondered idly as he sat there, the counting becoming automatic enough to free up his thoughts for other things, whether Jo and Anna would have liked to play. Maybe it wasn’t such a bad thing that other students joined in. Maybe he wouldn’t make a total fool of himself. He’d managed to find a good hiding place this time, he was sure he could do it again. And as for seeking - well, he didn’t like it as much, because Gabriel always used to choose to hide in wardrobes and then burst out suddenly just to scare him - but that didn’t mean Castiel was bad at it. He didn’t have to worry about looking stupid, he decided. He was too good to look stupid.
Jo snickered as she sat down next to him. “They’re not going to run out of food, Dean. Hogwarts has magic and House Elves that work in the kitchens.”
That “probably” had quickly turned into “definitely” after a day of poking around and well, it wasn’t the
He saw the moment of uncertainty on Dean's face before he turned back towards his mother, and stepped forward to meet her. To all outward appearances, she looked normal - but Castiel saw danger in the exact angle of her eyebrow, the slight glint in her eye. He clenched himself up inside, bracing for what was to come.
“Next vessel isn’t gonna be a famous guy,” Dean said and ran a hand through his hair. “I can’t go out in public like this.”
There, beyond, was the room that Castiel recognised. At the end of it, there it was – the Door. Just as big as before, with the same runic design. Castiel let out a long, long sigh of relief.
“I think I remember.” Nick murmured, reaching out and tapping the correct rhythm onto a barrel in front of him.
knew the difference between all the different kinds of magic, and all he’d been told was to make a rat squeak - and he’d
He slumped low in his seat as he heard the tittering of his classmates around him. What was the point of having him complete the spell if he was just going to end up being punished anyway? A sudden thought popped into his head. They didn’t send an owl to your parent telling them their child got detention, did they? The last thing he needed was for his father to find out he’d gotten in trouble and would use that as an excuse to pull him out of Hogwarts and into a Muggle school.
care. Michael and his mother would never be proud of him so long as he was in Gryffindor – or at least, so long as he seemed like he didn’t
“Beater and Beater,” Professor Mills continued. Spangler and Zeddmore went to pick up their bats, their faces alight, as though they hardly dared to believe their luck. Finally, Professor Mills turned her gaze to Castiel.
He reminded himself that Ash had turned his whole body blue by accident not too long ago, and that he shouldn’t be too jealous.
“Hm- Yeah, sure sounds good” Even after almost four years he still found it surprising that Jo wanted to include him whenever they did anything after school.
This chapter is mainly my attempt to give Dean some characterisation. Please let me know if you think I'm going terribly south in my characterisation, I'm trying to keep it as canon as possible, you know just without the constant murder.
The meal only made Dean feel more miserable. Sam was quizzing Cas about his college plans, which AP classes he should take, and which weren’t as important. Cas was answering all Sam’s questions and even offered to bring his old AP assignments for Sam to look at. Listening to his best friend and little brother discuss their future plans only highlighted his own lack of future, even though it’d be years until Sam left, Cas would be gone by next September.
“I find that people with nothing on their mind don’t tend to smoke half a pack in one sitting” Cas gestured to the butts on the ground. Dean sat up slightly straighter. “Yeah, well it was too early to start drinking” His smile seemed stiff and didn’t reach his eyes
“Pay up Harvell” Ash held his hand out to Jo, who begrudgingly dug out a $10 bill from her purse, handing it to the other teen. “Couldn’t wait until after graduation, could you” she muttered. Charlie seemed too blissed out to get mad at her friends betting on her. She got a side hug from Ash, a full-on hug from Jo, and Cas squeezed her hand with a warm smile.
The Sunday after the party where he kissed Jo (they had both agreed that it had been wired and they were definitely better off as friends), Sam had let slip to Ellen that he was getting tired of all the craft dinners Dean made for him. Ellen had done a good job hiding her disapproval at the time but had called Dean the next Sunday telling him to come over earlier in the day to have him help her with dinner, teaching him how to cook. To his surprise he had discovered he loved it, there was something therapeutic and relaxing about making a meal from scratch. He had found pork chops on sale perfect for the recipe he had stolen for a pork chop casserole out of one of the old lifestyle magazines in the reception area of the garage.
“Nah I already did. Couldn’t sleep” Dean said dismissively, to which Sam just shrugged. Him having insomnia wasn’t anything new.
“No. My knowledge of pop culture is… limited” Cas turned to look out the window, his face reflected in the glass
“Meeting at mine after school and heading to the old pig farm, are you in?” She repeated, reaching over and stealing another ketchup packet from Charlie, who quickly swatted her hand away
“Charlie?” The redhead, too engrossed with her book to have paid any attention to her surroundings completely ignored the question.
I finally did the ______coded ______ girl test. To no one's surprise ever, I'm a Cas coded Dean Girl. I would die for Dean and he is my comfort character, I've been latching on to for the past decade.
Do people prefer longer or shorter chapters?  The first few have been quite short, but I might start writing longer ones :)
A month later Dean and Sam were driving back towards the town they had left behind ten years earlier. They’d be staying at  Bobby’s until John could get them their own place.
“He promised we’d get to stay in one place until you finish High School” Dean tried to keep his voice low so as not to wake the rest of the household.
“Hmm, yeah. but she does, and she’s very detail-oriented” Jo hit right back, stepping closer, looking up at him matching his confidence. Dean leaned in, close enough to smell her sickly sweet perfume and the beer on her breath.
Looking back at Castiel’s life one could argue that his life was being planned out for him. He had always been eager to please his parents, then his father had left so he tried twice as hard to please his mother. He can’t remember if the dream of medical school had been his or his mothers, all he knew was that medical school was his future. It made him wonder if perhaps he was like one of those tropical birds at the Cheyenne Zoo, content with its life as it could not fathom to dream of the limitless sky.
“Sam is a sweetheart, don’t see much of Dean since Bobby gave him a job he spends all his time at the garage. The little I do see of him, he's a complete dick." Jo blushed " Anyway. They’re moving out in a few days, apparently, their old man found them a place. I keep hearing my mom argue with Bobby about it” Jo said turning back to the table.
“I have wondered, ever since Charlie-” he cut himself off before continuing, “you said that higher education wasn’t for you. What do you want to do in the future?” Cas, mercifully, had turned away from him picking up the rag again.
Looking at the house and the street all Dean could remember was, blue and red lights, yellow tape, and a black body bag being hauled down the front steps of his house. He wasn’t sure if he actually remembered it from that night or if he was making it all up from the countless times he had looked at the crime scene photos his dad still obsessed over. He considered going to the graveyard but rejected the idea outright. He had driven around in circles for a while, parked his car on the street, and hiked up to the Oak for reasons he couldn’t quite explain. He used to love being up there as a kid and it seemed to be the only place in this goddamn town that didn’t make his skin crawl today, the chain-smoking definitely helped, the nicotine wrapping his brain in cotton, cushioning the blows from unwanted thoughts.
“1. NSYNC forever” Jo pointed her beer bottle at Dean “2. This is my personal mix 3. You should broaden your views” she hit play and
“Shit that’s my mom, I need to go” Dean grimaced, knowing he’d be in trouble for staying out so late. Dean jumped down and started walking towards the woman “See you tomorrow?!” Dean turned around to shout at Cas.
“He was spreading lies! In a classroom! Is this what America has come to? Cas you agree. Right?” Ash turned to face him. Even though Cas strongly believed in facts, Mr Bellaron was not one to take lightly to having his authority questioned. “You need to pass Poli. sci. If you want to graduate this year and I doubt 'being on a watch list' is all that fun” he replied using air quotes around, 'watchlist', earning an eye roll from the other boy. "Traitor" He muttered but dropped the matter.
“Jo you know, I’m unfamiliar with these people” Cas frowned at his lunch. Jo let out a  tired sight.
“Yes and DUH. What better way to infiltrate them than giving them no other choice than to invite me in,”  Ash said confidently. Both Jo and Charlie looked at him with their mouths open, about to say something, but neither did.
“I guess,” Sam mumbled, not convinced on the freak part. His childhood wasn't exactly  The-All-American apple-pie life, he was convinced most of the other kids at the school had had.
“Ash, you need to stop antagonizing Mr Bellaron or you’ll never pass poli. sci and stop talking in general or you'll end up on a watch list” Jo twisted her hair, securing the strand with the butterfly clip.
” Ash asked referring to the shiny black muscle car parked in the driveway. It was much nicer and better maintained than the majority of the cars brought to
“They are your oldest brothers right?” Dean flopped down on the orange sofa, throwing his feet up on the coffee table.
“Oh, I plan on doing what I and who I want” Dean winked, shooting Cas a charming smile, hoping the other would drop it. No such luck.
The loud noise, that Dean vaguely recognised from TV-cop shows his dad liked to watch as a gunshot, had brought the neighbours out of their houses to see what was going on. Dean registered Ms Acker the old lady from across the street hugging him and trying to peel Sammy out of his arms.
“Lisshen Bitches!” She slurred “I’ve im-imprnant thing to shay” she straightened her back, making herself look taller. She cleared her throat rising her beer bottle higher as if holding a speech. “I’m a  Les binian. A labina” she frowned, at her own slurred words.
“Care to join me or are you just gonna stand there?” He said without opening his eyes. Cas contemplated just continuing his run. Instead, he sat down next to Dean with a sigh leaving a foot space between them, ignoring the smirk tugging at the corners of Dean’s mouth.
“Let her” He winked, trying to cover up getting startled with overconfidence. He only got an amused look in reply.
filled the space, turned on loud enough to sound over the humm of the ancient kitchen hood. Dean was singing along to his favorite song while slicing the potatoes for the casserole.
“DEAN, NO!” his mother's voice panicked in a desperate warning for him to turn around, but his legs had a will of their own and kept climbing the stairs.
“Dean-” He silences Cas with his hand. “Anyway so sometimes I have these dreams” he shoves his hands further into the pockets of his leather jacket.
After a few more drinks each they all, sans Cas and perhaps Dean, were tipsy. Cas had stopped after 3 beers (“I don’t enjoy feeling intoxicated”) and Dean’s tolerance was way higher than a few beers, the alcohol served to blunt his nerves and make him more relaxed. Charlie in all her 5’4ft glory was quickly crossing over from tipsy to drunk and showed no signs of slowing down, she was definitely looking to get drunk. One more beer later she stood up on the couch, beer bottle held high.
Dean grimaced at the thought of falling from this height. He had broken his arm last summer after climbing on to the roof of the shed in their back garden. He had wanted to show 3-year-old Sammy the birds nest in the gutter. He was just about to reach down to help Sammy onto the ladder when John had come running out shouting at him as if he was trying to get his brother killed. Dean had been startled by the sudden noise making him lose his own balance, falling and landing on his wrist. It had been kind of cool to show up at school the next day with his cast, everyone wanted to sign it making him feel like a rock star. Charlie even gave him a kiss on the cheek, she was really cool, at least for a girl.
“Well with or without Dr. Jones the Nazis find the Ark, open it, and die”  He cleared his throat, turning to press the eject button on the remote. The VHS player ejected the tape with a click.
Dean shot up in his bed, his heart hammering in his chest and it took multiple deep breaths to calm him enough to realize where he was. Wood panel walls, ugly green carpet, dresser, the window next to him. The clock on his nightstand read 3.45 am.
“Take your brother outside as fast as you can! Go to the neighbours and call the police” Mary urged Dean where he stood frozen staring at his mom struggling with the stranger. He had started crying as well but did as he was told. Halfway down the stairs, he heard an ear-splitting bang from the upstairs room. Dean wasn’t sure if it was he who screamed or not, but it made him clutch his wailing brother closer to his chest and run faster, to get out of the house as fast as possible.
“I’m perfectly fine and content with medical school Joanna” Cas frowned. He did that often Dean had noticed and it made him want to poke his finger in between those brows to smooth it out. He also noticed the tight set jaw, clearly, the topic was an unwanted one.
I'm not even gonna apologize for taking so long to update, I know I'm a disgrace that is unable to stick to self-set deadlines. (I'll never say what I intended my schedule to be like, I'll not publicize my shortcomings.)
“You are welcome to stay here if you want to, you know” Dean offered from where he was standing, “I’ll bunk with Sammy. You can take my room”
Sam had gotten a call of his own an hour later, his friend Barry had invited him over to his house for a movie night and  a sleepover and headed out shortly after with a shout “Say hi to Jo for me!”
“The Hell you will, you’re the one with the double bed” Sam, who emerged from his bedroom with a towel thrown over his shoulder, objected. He had come home halfway through their movie and after giving them an odd look he had disappeared into his own room.
Not for the first time Cas felt the absence of Anna, he hadn’t spoken to her since she had left for boarding school in Switzerland….without telling him. They mustn’t have been as close as he thought, why else would she have left and not tell him? Why didn’t she call? Their mother, every time he asked about his younger sister, would tell him Anna didn’t want to speak to him.
“He’s doing his best okay” His defence of John was old and tired and he knew Sam had stopped believing him a while back. Evident in the snort he got as a reply. They fell quiet after that.
Cas was happy. He had made his first-ever real friend. He knew he’d be in a world of hurt for staying out this late, but he didn’t care. He couldn’t wait for tomorrow, to see Dean again. Cas started to walk in the opposite direction, towards the nice part of the town where all the private estates were. His catechism, long-forgotten where he had left it on the ground hours earlier. Dean was his friend, that was all that mattered.
Dean went to work on removing the pump system in order to inspect it more closely. He started by removing the belt drive components, loosening the bolts, removing the pump and ensuring the old gasket was clean before inspecting the pump itself. It definitely needed replacing.
started playing, which was met with a chorus of “suck it up” from the girls and “ I quite enjoy Shania Twain” from Cas.
They smoke the devil's lettuce in this chapter. This is a judgment-free zone, wheater you're against it or for it hope you enjoy my dribbles.
All Kudos and comments are appreciated, they help me a lot. Criticism is welcome but, be constructive and kind or I'll cry.
“Of course not, I’m sorry. I am going for a run” Cas’ replied, struggling to keep the annoyance out of his voice. He wasn’t one to hate anyone, but he strongly disliked his step-father. He didn’t wait to hear what else he had to say as he hurried out the door and if he closed it a bit too loudly, so be it.
“Someone else's gain” She winks, turning around heading towards the back office “Bye Dean” She waved at him over her shoulder while walking away.
“I’ll drive you guys to your car,” Dean said grabbing his keys “Can she walk?” He looked at Charlie who made a whiny ‘noooooo’ sound when Ash tried to stand up. Dean and Ash had to support Charlie between them to get her into the Impala. She pulled Ash with her into the back seat, Jo sat down on her other side petting her hair. Cas rode shotgun with Dean. He checked his rearview mirror to make sure Charlie was okay before putting his car in drive.  He noticed an unopened can of coke rolling around on the floor, next to Cas’ feet. It must have fallen out of their shopping bags earlier. He reached for it handing it back to Jo.
“Hey, this is good! You’ll never be the new kid again, no longer a freak. You can be a normal kid!” Dean smiled.
Now sitting on the lower branches Dean could see the foot of the tree again, he spotted a boy with messy black hair sitting on the big roots, nose buried in something that looked like a big book. That’s odd. The boy couldn't have been much older than Dean himself and what 7 years old would be interested in a book with that much text and no pictures?
Dean threw the cigarette butt on the ground and grabbed a new one, his last one. Shit. He didn’t realize he smoked almost a pack yesterday, he probably would’ve, hadn’t Cas not showed up. He had come close to telling Cas was eating at him. Dean blamed it on nostalgia, but Cas did have something about him, the way he looked at Dean made him feel like the dude could read his mind. It made Dean uneasy in a whole different kind of way than when Ellen was giving him a scrutinizing look. She was looking for something, searching for a weakness or a flaw. Cas, however, seemed to just
The other looked down at the book he was holding. “Oh, this? It’s a catechism” the young boy sounded so matter of fact it reminded Dean of his teacher Mrs Butters.
He had gone back to the restaurant the day after his and Sam’s visit to apply for the open bar staff position. The bar manager, Pam, had eyed him up and down before telling him to come in the next evening for his trial shift. After lying about his age, he was hired and worked a few nights a week.
“They are not bug fa-" Cas cut's himself of  "I love it, thank you Jo” Cas smiles genuinely this time, instantly groaning grabbing the bridge of his nose as he felt another stab of pain shoot through his brain.
Despite the increase in fender bender accidents. Bobby hadn’t been able to increase Dean’s hours, so he had put in more time bartending at the Cajun place to pay for a new heater for the trailer. No matter how often he fixed it, it’d break again in a week, and with the nights dropping to the low 20’s it was too cold without a functioning heater. He and Sam had to eat breakfast in their coats three times in the past few weeks.
They had barely made it through the door when the house phone rang. “Winchester” Sam picked up. “Huh? Yeah, he’s here” Sam held out the receiver to Dean “It’s a Castiel Novak.”
“Real mature Dean” Sam muttered, turning Mötörhead (Too Late, Too Late) down to a normal level as they pulled out of the empty school parking lot. He knew his brother better than to try and push the issue at the very moment.
Somewhere deep in his mind, Dean knew. Knew that bad people, like the men in Sammy’s room, used guns to hurt others. Hurt them really badly, like Batman’s parents outside of the theatre. He knew his mom was dead. Knew it in his gut. He had lost something he could never get back, but if he closed his eyes real tight and wished real hard, he would go back home tonight and his mum would read him a bedtime story like she always did. She'd kiss him on the forehead and tell him that angels were watching over him before turning off the ceiling light and wishing him goodnight. That would never happen again.
Dean stepped inside the library and let out a breath when he didn’t immediately see Castiel, though that wasn’t saying much. The library was a huge place and he could be anywhere.
Dean rubbed at his at his nose as he walked down the hallway, careful to move to the side when he saw Lucifer Morningstar walking towards him with his small team of groupies trailing behind him. Michael, who Dean only really knew as Castiel’s brother - specifically the brother on the train who was talking badly about Muggleborns with Castiel - was always one of the students that seemed to hang around the seventh-year boy. Dean kept his head down just a little as they got closer, and didn’t even realize he was doing it until they passed. It wasn’t something he meant to do, it was just… this aura that Lucifer seemed to exude. Confidence, sure. But he also creeped Dean out a lot.
“Well, why don’t you go and ask for it back, seeing as you’re such good friends now?” Anna demanded, her fake smile falling away. From where he was sitting, one desk away, Castiel watched Jo set her jaw.
“That’s what I do,” she said, tipping him a wink. “I’ll fix you all up, don’t you worry. Ooh, I see you’re a Gryffindor,” she said, pulling on his scarf for a change of subject, her tone bright and cheerful, obviously hoping to make Castiel feel happier too. “You won, didn’t you? I hear that Kate Sheridan caught the Snitch! You must be very proud to be a Gryffindor today.”
Dean reached out and tore a page out of his book with a loud rip. He would have been a bit more hesitant to do so if he wasn’t so confident in his abilities.
And he was rewarded. As he rounded a corner, Castiel saw Dean Winchester standing in front of some barrels, his wand out. Speeding towards him, Castiel saw Dean turn around, his hands in the air, obviously expecting a Ravenclaw or Slytherin - and then his expression crumpled into frustration at the sight of Castiel.
“Maybe it looks like that from the outside, because people don’t understand what my thoughts look like on the inside, but if they could actually just
Castiel made to follow him, his broom tipping awkwardly with his sudden decision to move - and then he saw it.
In the corridor outside the dungeons, the first-years huddled together - a bedraggled mass, tossed and tousled by a long week of examinations. A couple of them were still reading over notes, trying to get in some last-minute practice; Castiel was, of course, one of them.
“House point for Gryffindor,” Professor Tran said crisply, and the atmosphere in the room shifted - suddenly, there were house points up for grabs, and everyone’s focus was immediately sharpened. The end of term didn’t only mean exams - it also meant that the winners of the House Point cup were going to be decided in the not-too-distant future, and everyone was on the look-out for ways to make points. “Well done, Miss Harvelle.”
Castiel considered her carefully. Charlie was obviously a significant grape on this vine that she was talking about, and Castiel’s decision now would get around the other first-year students and beyond pretty quickly. If he turned her down, she’d probably call him stuck-up and boring. If he said yes, the story would almost certainly reach the ears of people who would not be best pleased – be they his mother, or Michael, or even Mr Singer. The caretaker had been so kind; it would be a poor way to repay him if Castiel were to blow up another one of the castle’s doors just weeks later.
He froze, staring around, trying to catch sight of the source of the noise - and finally seeing it, illuminated by the gentle flickering of the copper lamps. On the ground, glittering ever so slightly, was some kind of jewellery. A watch, Castiel saw, as he approached it.
“I can’t,” Arthur said, his smile tight. “He won’t listen to me, and he’s cut off all communication to and from his superiors. I need
“No,” Philippe murmured, tapping his quill absently in the same spot as his hair shifted colors the way it only did when he was in deep, frustrated concentration. “Do you remember what Boris the Bold was famous for?”
“Because I want to experiment!” Ash said excitedly. “Look, how do you know that the things it says to do in your Potions textbook are right?”
Dean craned his neck to get a better look at the figure walking away, before deciding that he didn’t care enough to see if his suspicion had been correct.
“That’s kinda hot, good on your kiddo” Dean clicked their beers together, giving her a wink, Charlie looked relieved. Turning back Dean caught Cas’ eyes, an unreadable expression on his face, before looking down at his clasped hands in his lap.
“Dean, please. It’s the 10th anniversary of mom’s death, you need to talk about it!” Sam used his best puppy dog eyes hoping to get him to talk about it. Even if I wanted to, I have no idea how.  That was the problem, wasn’t it? He had pushed all that crap down for so long, stashed it in a black box, locked it away, and buried it in the deepest and darkest parts of his mind. If something managed to escape he would always shove it back down. In conclusion, he was fine.
“Which actress would you- What the hell are you wearing?” They all turned to look at Ash who was putting his tray down next to Castiel, dressed in their school's Letterman jacket looking furious.
Dean had never seen the look on Cas’ face. He looked tired and defeated at once, his shoulders slumping and his grip around the towel tight enough to turn his knuckles white. Dean clasped his hands around Cas' shoulder. Not knowing what to say. “Well for what it’s worth I think you should do what you want, Screw your family and what they think” Cas gave him a sad smile in return.
Dean’s face split into a huge grin.  “Good to see you again, man!” Dean said patting Cas’ shoulder, a nod and a slight smile were all Cas could muster in response.
“Of course you do, someone had to get all the smarts in the family” He smiled brightly at his brother, ignoring Cas’ eyes burning the back of his head. “Now sit down, I made dinner”
Someone was seated on the ground leaning against the trunk head thrown back with their eyes closed, the smell of cigarettes lingering around them. Cas cleared his throat to announce his presence. The other man whipped around caught off guard, their expression went from alarmed to a huge grin.
It’s a Friday a few weeks later, early October and his mother had gone out-of-town, to visit Michael and Lucien at UPenn, leaving him alone with his step-father. When his Mother had first introduced Zachariah to him and his siblings when he was 10yo; Cas had thought the man had resembled a toad, with his bulging eyes and wide mouth, perhaps, an unfair comparison but one that he still found accurate seven years later. Zachariah had the tendency of puffing himself up, to seem more important than he was, not much unlike a toad croaking.
After the last bell rang the four of them, now accompanied by Ash, made their way towards Jo’s. It had been a no go on Ash driving, his mom had decided to parent him for once and taken his car keys as a punishment for hacking the school's computer system in order to sell test answers to other Seniors, an impressive feat to accomplish within the very first week.
Cas laid down on top of the comforter on the left side of their bed, the right was untouched from how Dean had left it. Cas crossed his right arm over his chest, laying the left one slightly stretched out towards Dean's side. The house smelled like freshly baked pie and the soft notes of
“Yes, ma'am.” Dean laughed in response, that laugh that Cas refused to admit made him feel warm inside.
“You kidding?  Martini, shaken not stirred? James Bond” He was just met with what was becoming Cas’ signature frowns “You’ve never seen James Bond?”
By the time the end credits of Raiders scrolled across the screen, it had gotten dark outside the only light coming from the TV. The now-empty bowl of popcorn between Dean and him on the small couch pressed against his thigh.
“Dean that’s very kind of you but-” Cas started to argue. “It’s fine Cas. Give your mom longer to calm down. Come on, we could have a slumber party, make prank calls and braid Sam’s hair” Dean grinned.
“Now let’s finish the dishes so we can pop the corn and then, you’ll need to get ready to have your mind blown by the cinematic masterpiece that is Indiana Jones and Raiders of the Lost Ark”
Dean had only ever heard adults talk as formally as this kid did and what kind of name was Castiel? Dean had never heard of it before “Castiel” Dean tried the name on this tongue, but it felt weird in his mouth. “I think I’ll call you Cas for short. I’m Dean btw”.
The early October weather was still mild, the sun warm on his face and bare legs. Cas jogged to the end of their driveway where he stopped to stretch his legs and shoulders before setting a steady pace down the road. The rhythmic
Dean went rigid against Cas, his arms falling to his sides and Cas could feel Dean start to shake. He wasn’t prepared when Dean shoved him away, hard. Cas stumbled a little before falling on his back, hitting the ground with a thud.
Having spent the afternoon caring for his car, Dean was left in an excellent mood and was excited to tell Sammy about his new job, knowing his brother would approve. Too many times before had he been met with Sam’s sad and judgemental look when he had come home late at night after having hustled by passing truck drivers at a pool in whatever town and bar they themselves happened to be living in at the time. At least that’s where Dean told Sam the money came from.
“In the dream, I see her die” He swallows, running a hand over his face. “She tells me it’s my fault she’s dead. She’s right” His voice is so quiet by the end that Cas had to make an effort to hear him.
A slight reference to using alcohol as a coping mechanism? It's a SPN fic unhealthy coping mechanisms are a given no? Anyone else attended the virtual panels? How are we feeling about them?
The springs of the old mattress were digging into Dean’s ribs making it impossible to get comfortable. He had laid awake for god knows how long,  alternating staring at the ceiling and at the walls lined with old books. The whole study was so full of books all of them did not fit on the shelves but were stacked on all and every available surface. He glanced up at Sam who still laid on the sofa bed with his back towards the room. He had only huffed in response when Dean had asked him if he was okay.
Cas was the last through the door. He recognised most of the voices coming from down the hall, except for one. It was a low laugh, distantly familiar, making a warmth spread inside him.
Ever since the day by the oak Dean and Cas had been inseparable, forming the type of instant close friendship only two 7-year-old boys could.
“Dean?” Cas spoke into the dark, only getting an ‘Mmmmh’  in response. “Thank you for letting me stay here” As nervous as the idea of sleeping next to Dean made him, he was eternally grateful he hadn’t had to go home tonight. Dean must’ve heard something in his voice, as he turned around to face Cas.
“It’s not fair, why her?” Dean sobbed, all the pent up emotion and pain bubbling to the surface. The only one who could make him feel whole again was his mom, but she was dead, never coming back no matter how much he wished it or how loud the screamed. The thought making Dean cry even harder. “It’s not fair” Dean wailed.
Cas never brought Dean over to his house as his parents didn’t approve of “People like them” Cas had no idea what that meant, Dean and his family were some of the best people he had ever met. Cas’ absolute favourite days, however, were those when Mary would bake them her berry pie, serving them a hot pie with glasses of milk. They'd sit in the Winchester's homey kitchen making faces at each other while enjoying their sugary dessert.
“I was there, you know,” Dean says, shattering the silence around them. Cas gives him a confused look. “When my mom died. I was there.”
. Dean begged silently he wasn’t in the mood to listen to someone judge his family and the way they were being raised.
“You’re early” Dean’s voice came out as a huff. He was almost used to the way Cas looked at him, still made feel like he was under a microscope and the guy was totally unaware of the effect he had on Dean.
“Uh, no. It’s- if you take a left after the hardware store, it’s the last house on the right.” Cas directed.
“Deflect, as soon as the topic of conversation is you, you deflect with your… charm.” Cas tilted his head, still not dropping their eye contact “You don’t think you deserve to want something just for yourself” It wasn’t a question.
“From what I remember, people were saying that John kind of snapped after the murder of his wife. He then took Dean and Sam and bolted out of town. Some say HE was the one that killed her!” Charlie had closed LoTR. to relay the decade-old gossip to Jo. "It makes perfect sense he was an Officer, who better to cover up a murder? And the way he rushed out of town, I don't know a lot of people found it suspicious" Ash filled in.
“You know, I could use you at the shop. If you want an apprenticeship” Bobby said fixing Dean with his eyes.
“My plan is to be recruited by the government, to stop me from going to work for any other country’s leadership” Ash sat up.
Neither one of them said anything for quite a while. They sat there watching as the mist that had gathered during the night, licking their ankles creeping along the ground. The frost clinging to all available surfaces, the windows, and walls of the trailer behind them, the plastic patio furniture in front of the one next door, the car under them. It tried to grab onto their clothes, only making them damp in the process.
Dean blushed in the tea aisle of Walmart, at the memory. He didn’t drink tea himself but Cas, like the weirdo he was, had mentioned preferring tea during their last movie night. (Aliens, they had almost finished the trilogy, they both agreed that the first one was the best one by a long shot) What was the difference between Earl Grey and Breakfast tea? Should he get honey to go with it or was sugar OK? Dean threw both packets and a jar of honey into the cart. Cas was coming over again tonight, so he’d have to stop by Blockbuster before going home.
“Whatever. C’mon, let’s drink grog. I wanna try this stuff. Can’t believe you didn’t invite me last year.”
“I’d tell you to go jump in the lake,” Castiel shot back with an attempt at a smirk, “but the giant squid might mistake you for one of its own.”
“Oh,” Castiel said quietly. “That’s right. You’re leaving this year.” He’d somehow forgotten that Lucifer was a seventh year, and that he’d be gone from Hogwarts for good after term ended in a few days.
Dean and Castiel landed, Castiel’s feet thudding onto the soft grass a little sooner than he expected. He managed to hold his balance, and dismount with a little dignity intact. They were too close to Mr Turner’s hut for his liking; he’d heard old Rufus could be cantankerous, and sometimes he even drank. He began to tiptoe towards the first of the trees, moving as quickly as he dared, hearing Dean keeping pace behind him.
Unfortunately for him, that meant choosing between rooting for the Gryffindors to support Jo, or rooting for the Ravenclaws to not support Gryffindor.
me?” he demanded, and hoped that Dean had a good view of the machete he kept lying on the front seat.
Magic could save a lot of lives that couldn’t be saved otherwise, and that definitely gave something for Dean to chew on.
“Seekers, above the Chasers!” Professor Mills called up, and Castiel angled himself higher and swooped into position - a little faster than he’d meant to, since his control still wasn’t perfect, but he didn’t think anyone had noticed.
The other tentacle could, even now, be moving around him - wrapping closer and closer to his legs, ready to pull him under and drag him out to the centre of the lake -
“Of course you’d say that,” Lucifer replied comfortably. “You’re - what was the the name? Walker?” Lucifer made an exaggeratedly confused face. “Never heard of you, Gordon Walker. You must be a half-blood, at best.”
Grimacing, Castiel brought the knife up to the right side of the roof, just above the passenger seat, and carved in another mark.
Garth had given him half-formed instructions on how to get to the owlery before he left, and Dean decided that he could just ask for directions if he got lost.
"Are you okay?" the boy at the very far end of the compartment asked, with a small smile. He was incredibly scrawny and had soft voice but at least he looked like he genuinely cared about Dean’s well-being.
sliver of silver. That had to be it. Castiel looked around the room; everyone else still seemed to be struggling. Jo met his eyes and sent him a look of pure frustration. Castiel winced sympathetically, and then put up his hand. Professor Tran might be so impressed with him being the first one to turn his matchstick a little silver that she’d mention it to his mother later on.
He studied the table for a few moments. God, why was he being so inscrutable? Why did everything feel so queer? He kept replaying in his head the way that Sam had set upright his eyebrows at Dean just before they’d left, as though expecting something from him, or making a point, or - or
Philippe let out an affronted gasp and shoved Dean off the four of them and onto the common room floor.
“It’s OK,” Castiel said gently. “It’s OK…” He waved the toast temptingly. “Nice toast… nice - um - bready toast, lovely and… full of… yeast…”
Castiel took the broom in careful hands, playing it as cool as he could. “Where do you suggest we go?” he said. “It can’t be too far. I’m supposed to be in charge of a sleepover, here, and not everyone who organises a sleepover decides to run off halfway through.”
