Dean wanted to cry all over again, but, lacking the excuse of being drunk, looked away instead, blinking hard.
“Dean’s ‘break’ is killing him,” Cas said angrily, setting his glass down probably harder than he meant to, the whole table shuddered.
Dean realised.
“Yeah, I said ‘try’.” Dean said, waving the comment away. He was less worried about physical attacks and more about the emotional ones. “People are gonna say things and I’m gonna be honest, I’m not wild about it either.”
—to beg her for a lift into town,
"I found it all very interesting," Castiel said honestly and firmly, "the way that humans have made so many different kinds of automobiles is fascinating. Angels would have found one design that worked and just duplicated it, but you? You create for curiosity's sake; for aesthetics or practicality or speed. And Dean could tell you the intricate workings of each one. There's a kind of magic in that, don't you think?"
now."
He made to rise from the table but Dean scrambled up after him, catching his arm again and knocking his bowl in his haste so it splashed sugary milk onto the table.
He was paler than usual and his jaw looked like it was locked in place. His gaze snagged on Cas’ bloody shirt for a too-long moment before meeting his eyes, an apology screaming out at him.
. And, if it's just tonight, that's okay. And if you don't wanna stay then I know Sam really wants you to stay in touch and if you don't wanna talk to me I understand but-"
"I don't understand how you could be."
was beginning to sweat, trepidation swirling in his gut. This whole thing was freaking him out. It was too much; after the hell that was yesterday he’d been banking on some time to recover, to
"I love my dads."
He emerged from the shower a little while later, his skin scrubbed pink but his mind as tangled as ever. He didn't have a plan, or a next task to get through. His arms started to feel itchy, restlessness gnawed at him as he scratched at them. The itch continued, like there were loose bees in his bones. He didn't much fancy wandering the corridors until Cas or Sam found him and tried to
I will probably add another 'notes' chapter to let you know when I've gone back through and done a bunch of editing, so keep an eye out for that if you wanna re-read these fics with fewer typos xD
Dean dropped Rowena’s cases with much less care, “Yeah, if the world doesn’t end we’ll have to come back sometime.” He ignored her squawk of protest the bags landed with a heavy
"I drank almost double what you did and am less affected. I've just reached the point where I don't want to drink any more."
"Why don't you stay this time?"
He went to grab his own basket and dug out the socks, staring at the ball of cotton for a long moment. He could've sworn he'd seen Sammy wearing these at some point, or were they just
"Dean, wait-"
In the end though, he had underestimated Dean’s inherent kindness. Dean had thrown down the gun and been in the process of offering his hand to Jack when Chuck had stepped in with his threats, further solidifying how Dean had been played the entire time. He supposed it wasn’t surprising. For all Chuck fancied himself a writer, he really didn’t seem to understand the Winchesters at all. He seemed to have them penned as caricatures of themselves. Cas suspected that was why he found them so fascinating, because they were still able to surprise him, despite his influence on their stories, their lives.
“Alright then. Take care.”
Once the hunt was over, Sam called to tell him they were on their way back.
Sam let out a bark of laughter, "Hell no. But I knew him well enough."
“Old news. I’ve already had my crisis of faith about Lucifer and it’s not as though this is the first apocalypse. But you bring me
He emerged in a clearing and lightning forked above him in greeting. He raised his eyes to the sky, letting the water hit him, creating rivulets in the creases of his skin. He felt… energised as lightning flashed again, striking the very edge of the clearing, adding smoke and electricity to the smells of rain and earth. Storms were a meeting of all four elements, they carried a kind of magic in them that had always drawn Castiel. Very few other angels felt the storm as he did, and none were left now.
Another of John Winchester’s lessons.
What did you think? Writing from a car's perspective is hard and I hope I did her justice because I love Baby.
Sam handed over the box. “The case files our colleague borrowed.”
“Lovely, thank you.” Rowena said. “Just the thing to see us off back into the world of hunting. Might as well take advantage while we can.”
“How generous of you,” she said, keeping her voice sardonic, but there was no real heat behind it. In truth, she too was feeling more hopeful. Her concern for the angel might not be as acute as the brothers’, but it was there, making her a little jittery. It was however, perfectly plausible that his case had just led him elsewhere, or that he’d solved it and was taking a break before his next one, and had missed their call by something as simple as being in the next room or accidentally leaving his phone on silent and forgetting to check it.
“You know, I really think we should—” he started to say, but he was interrupted by the fact that he started
After a particularly bad few months, years back, when Dean was practically tearing his hair out and Sam was grey from exhaustion and gaunt from weeks of barely eating, Sam was able to explain that what he really needed was space and reassurance; he'd been on the edge of tears telling Dean this, too tired to figure out how he could know Dean was still there for him without him constantly watching his every move. Dean had compromised, getting a separate motel room and buying his own hot plate so he could make at least a couple of decent meals to take in several times a day. He'd check on Sam before leaving the food rather than hovering to watch him eat it like he wanted to. After a few days, Sam seemed to be improving so he'd left the meals and snacks outside instead, knocking twice on the door to let him know there was food. He even left notes under the plate sometimes, stupid jokes he'd found on the internet, an interesting piece of lore he thought Sam might like, even just the drawing of a smiley face. Eventually, after over a week of Dean going stir-crazy, watching the food and notes disappear, desperate to see for himself that Sam was okay, Sam had come to him, looking a hell of a lot better and ready for the next hunt. It had been a hard road back but damn, when Dean managed to coax the first genuine smile in weeks from his brother, the extra effort was worth it.
, they just didn't feel
He placed the overflowing basket in Baby's trunk and headed back inside to grab some paper plates, plastic cups and the kind of shitty picnic cutlery that always left you with bits of plastic fork in the potato sala,—presumably the Men of Letters had used this stuff to feed any prisoners trapped in the dungeon, he doubted they'd been big on day trips—he also brought out a couple of beers, some strange blue soda that was supposed to taste like bubblegum that Jack had been intrigued by at the store and even a few water bottles. He slid into the driver's seat of Baby and clenched his jaw as the tug told him to bring Johnnie Walker along too, just in case. He managed to ignore it long enough that Sam, Cas and Jack emerged from the bunker, bright-eyed and curious, and then there was no reason to linger, so he started up Baby and pushed in a cassette tape, letting the music mingle with Jack's excitable questions and Cas and Sam's patient replies. He didn't need to drive far and he took it slow, winding through town with extra care and out the other side.
There was a slight crack in his voice and Cas returned the hug gratefully, feeling something in his chest loosen. He had missed his friends.
Cas' voice faded out, a soothing rhythm of pleasant memories and feelings.
like that for me. It felt like I learned to rely on you, to trust you." And then he swallowed because he swore to himself that he'd be honest. He needed to lay himself bare for Cas. "To love you."
Love Tibbins xx
When he was done he bounced on the balls of his feet and stared at the door like it was going to come to life and attack him. He knew that he wanted to get out, but he didn’t know
“Cas, hey, hey! Come on, let’s go,” Sam said, reaching for the angel’s arm. Cas turned on him with a snarl, fist raised, eyes blazing with the fury of the Heavenly host. Sam stumbled back a step before all the fight seemed to drain out of Cas and he slumped, the tremor in his shoulders almost instantly covered up as he composed himself.
without another word. Cas sat back onto the couch, stiff and annoyed, bunched into one corner. In contrast Dean stretched out, bringing his legs up onto the sofa and taking up as much space as he could, exaggerating the movements to get an amused snort from Sam. Cas glanced at him for a second before some of the tension left his shoulders and he relaxed too, getting comfortable now that Dean and Sam had stopped bickering, and shoving Dean's legs a little until he moved them to accommodate.
Which may have been why Benny was so hostile to Cas from the get-go, so confrontational, so protective, an attitude that raised Cas’ hackles until Dean felt like the heroine from a really crappy YA novel.
"It's been almost ten years since that day," Castiel said, staring down at his hands, "ten years of friendship and loyalty and mistakes and forgiveness. And no matter how bad things got, no matter what threats we faced, or how many times I thought him dead, I could hold on to the fact that I had saved him from becoming Michael's puppet. Because I knew then, as I know now, that Dean Winchester should never be caged. He can't… he won't handle it well." Castiel's breath caught on the intake as the image of Dean imprisoned in a dark box within his own mind floated in front of his eyes. Then he blinked, and Jack was staring back at him, his mouth pursed but his eyes full of empathy.
Sam's footsteps receded down the hall and Castiel hoped that he would manage to get some actual rest. He sighed and turned to Jack.
Dean flung back the covers and rolled himself out of bed, heading straight for the shower. He might not have sweated through his t-shirt but that dream had left him feeling unclean in a different way. He stepped under the warm spray and let it sink into his shoulders, down his neck, trailing down his spine. He picked out his favourite soap, the one he hardly ever used because the scent was a little more delicate than he usually liked to have associated with him; sandalwood, anise and a touch of cinnamon. This morning he lathered it on, breathing deeply as the spice mingled with the damp steam curling around him.
Apathetic was probably the most accurate way to describe her.
Dean's teeth ground together, popping his jaw.
"Well, you're not happy."
Nothing, not so much as an angry groan, a muttered curse, the rustle of bedsheets, not even breathing.
He wasn't a complete moron; he knew that Cas felt something for him, he'd known it for years, the way Cas looked at him, the things he said, the dance they did, flirting with the idea of acting but neither stepping forward; because of him, because
"Couldn't you just heal it with a touch?" He complained as Castiel pulled at the tape sticking the cloth to his skin.
"I thought you hated her," Sam said, frowning in confusion at Cas' distress.
Dean just huffed and emptied Sam's basket into the washing machine, and some of his own stuff for good measure, if the washing machine was big, the dryer was huge, it could definitely fit two full loads with room to spare for a couple of those spiky softening ball things. He re-set the timer and waited for the initial shudder and gush of water from the thing before he turned to his brother, arms out in a
“Have you found anything on Jacob?” he asked. The name of Cas’ murderer stuck in his throat and he took another bite of the bagel to cover it. He didn’t remember Jacob, he was just one of the many faceless Apocalypse World survivors that had crowded up his home after Michael had left him the first time. Sam said he hadn’t even stuck around, apparently distrustful of everyone since the angel raid that had killed his family. Dean could understand that, but Cas wasn’t even from that world, let alone in league with those assholes. He was
Dean took a breath before asking the question, and he took that breath for several reasons. For one thing, he had just been handed a goldmine but needed more context to know whether he should start digging or not, for another, it took him the span of about a breath to really process the fact that Cas’ glare didn’t really match up to the video he was watching so third, he really wasn’t sure he’d heard right.
Dean nodded, then sniffed, still staring as Sam with wide, pain-filled, hopeless eyes. “I can’t make it right. He died hating me, and now I can’t fix it. I can’t tell him… I can’t ever tell him...”
“Yeah, you’re right. I guess we should experience these new ghosts ourselves. Thanks, Cas.”
"Can't say I even blame him with how you've been treating him lately."
“Rowena still asleep?” He asked, glancing around the room and clearly seeing no witch.
the thing was that Chuck wanted to keep from you, it’s still locked up in the bunker. The gun or a book or a magical dishcloth, it makes no difference if we can’t get to it anyway.”
"You gave up your happiness for me." Jack said quietly, Castiel could feel the boy's eyes on the side of his neck. "I don't know how to feel about that."
He kept humming long after Dean was dead.
they're shredded, idiot. And I left my emergency surgery kit in my other soul so unless you can mojo yourself better, we're grounded."
Dean shrugged and shook his head, but motioned to his ears. Sam nodded and they fell into step, heading in the direction of the war room, where they could silence the alarm and hopefully figure out what the hell was going on. Dean kept checking behind them while Sam took charge at corners and open doorways, quickly moving on when there was nothing to find. When they got to the war room they both tensed at the expectation of
Dean barked a laugh, "Well, whatever it is, it looks good. Distinguished even."
Cas smiled slightly and shook his head. Dean dropped the wrench back onto the tray with a clang and pulled a rag from his shoulder to wipe his hands with. They still didn't feel quite clean but they were better than before. He'd just have to scrub under his fingernails later.
Lauren nodded, clearly doing her best to keep her face neutral, though there was a twitch at the side of her mouth that gave it away. “My sister.”
“What do you think?” Sam snapped. “Yesterday was probably the worst day of my life and you of all people know how high that bar is. No, I didn’t get much sleep.”
"You think it can be fixed?" Sam asked. He didn't sound argumentative, he sounded… worried.
“I don’t want to kill you, Rowena.” Sam’s voice was small. Rowena smiled and reached over to pat him on the arm.
It didn't hurt that they were beautiful eyes in their own right, huge and blue and framed with thick lashes that caught him when he wasn't expecting it. Cas' eyes were so expressive too, the minutest change to the angel's mood would be documented, a live feed straight to… whatever angels had instead of souls. They could burn with fury or soften in compassion and they smiled. Dean made it his mission to make Cas smile as much as he could, because when he smiled,
Dean gently brushed his thumb over the back of Castiel's hand and raised his eyes once more, "I don't want you to." He said, holding Cas' gaze, slicing through every quip dancing on the tip of his tongue, every argument he could make, every counterpoint or bargain or compromise, they were all gone with that sentence. Out of words, Castiel choked and swallowed and tried again, but nothing came. Nothing except the soothing motions of Dean's thumb and the warm pressure on his hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
They'd needed six pyres in the end. There were way more bodies than just those in the war room and the library. Michael had been thorough; there were bodies in the kitchen, bodies in the corridors, in the bathrooms, storage rooms, archives. It sounded like a bad nursery rhyme:
"Whoa, Cas, hey!" Sam tried to step in, pulling ineffectually at the angel's shoulder. Cas didn't even notice, his eyes were daggers aflame and Dean tasted electricity and ash on his tongue.
"Tell me anyway."
"That's
Being without that had been hard.
"So fix it." Sam said, as if it were that simple. "You've had so many chances to get this right. Rowena and I… we never even got the chance to try. What is the point of being free if we make ourselves just as miserable as we were when God was pulling the strings? You can fix this Dean, but only if you actually go and fix it. He's not going to come back if you don't."
Castiel took off his shoes and socks and left them in the dry passageway before he stepped forward, his foot immediately sunk up to the ankle in mud. It was cold, and smooth between his toes. He could feel the temperature, could pinpoint it to exactness, but it had no effect on him anymore. He enjoyed the sensation of his frivolity and took another few steps, his hair quickly flattened to his skull under the force of the rain and his clothes began to cling to his skin.
Dean scowled, “I wasn’t—”
comforting,” Dean muttered, looking just as put-out at the idea that their free will hadn’t been all that free after all.
“Thanks,” he said, keeping his voice light. “You too, you know. You’re right, we do need to at least try for the bunker, even without Cas...” he trailed off, finding himself unable to continue.
"I do?"
“So you’ve got no ideas?”
"Sorry!" He said, exaggerating the mouth movement and holding up a flat palm, which, he had learned, was both an apology and a thank you in driver speak.
"What?" Cas' voice was like a breath of clean air after a storm, air that he could barely get into his lungs now.
With each step down he felt his posture changing, he rolled his shoulders back, let his head tip to the side, made his strides a little shorter, and he felt his face contort as he sank into the red space at the back of his mind, the one he never liked to look at, the one that knew Alastair.
He just couldn't hold it in any longer.
"But I didn't- you have to know, I
and this fight was lost before it even started.
“In life he was a bank teller, died of old age about six months ago. Nothing extraordinary about him. I don’t know why he was a ghost at all really but the blasted thing almost broke my arm.”
He rubbed his knuckles hard into his eyes and wished Sam had woken him up with bourbon rather than water. He wanted to chase this spiral all the way to the bottom and keep on digging. His Cas had died hating him, his Cas had never wanted to be his anyway. His Cas had hated him so much that he’d preferred to drive all the way out here to fucking Cope, Colorado than hear him say he was sorry.
"You want
Castiel smirked at him and went back to his book. Say what you will about his sense of humour, he really did have
“We should head into town,” Sam said, shouldering the duffle bag; all that they had left in the world it seemed. “There’s gotta be at least one ID in here, a card too. We can get a motel and figure out our next move.”
He watched as Sam tilted his head to rest on Cas' shoulder for a minute before raising it again and Dean couldn't help but smile, that was a rare thing. Sam did those little head boops sometimes, when he was trying to say 'thank you' but didn't know how. When a hug would be awkward or the words wouldn't come. It was sweet, he'd never seen him give one to Cas before. For his part, Cas look startled, but then his expression melted fond and he patted Sam on the shoulder. It looked like their conversation was over so he didn't feel bad about stretching out with a groan, feeling his joints strain and pop and settle.
They stopped just over the halfway point at a gas station with an attached diner. Before Rowena had even parked, both brothers were out the car and Sam had stormed off inside while Dean headed for the pump.
The first press of the knife into wood felt like a reverse stab wound, like he was being healed from the action rather than damaged. He felt every moment of doubt he had ever had, every time he wondered if the Winchesters thought of him as just a weapon to point at their enemies melt away as each chip of wood was gouged from the letter it was to become. This was huge, this
“You really think now’s the time for a heart-to-heart?” Dean complained, but he followed anyway. Patrol was less a necessary precaution and more just a chance for Dean to get away from all the people looking to him for answers or protection or orders or
“I want a tattoo,” Cas said one morning, completely out of the blue and while Dean was still dangerously in his first sips of his first coffee.
There was a pause then, a brief one, and if he wasn't mistaken a sob burbled up from the blood-soaked phone that didn't make it through the door.
Cas' eyes slid back to the photograph of them in the diner, and then further to the next one, a picture taken before Dean had suffered Hell; it was just the brothers, laughing at something, standing next to the hood of the impala. They looked so much younger, not taking any notice of the camera. Dean's eyes looked wider, full of hope for the future instead of pain from the past. Cas briefly wondered who had taken the picture, and was irrationally jealous that they had stood witness to such a carefree moment in the lives of two men for whom true happiness was fleeting at best.
"Me too," Cas said, with a small smile of his own, "cursed or not."
to him, tried to
"Because you deserve to hear it. Because I fuckin' love you and I can be such an asshole sometimes and I'm not sure you know."
Rowena smiled at the maternal tone, evidently Jody cared about them just as much as they did her.
He knew it didn't work that way, knew that his coat would just burn to ash and nothing more would happen, but he knew he couldn't wear it anymore. As much as his coat had become a part of his identity, it was the part that emphasised his separation from humanity and he no longer felt separated. He had fallen in love and lost it, and that was possibly the most human thing that there was.
No response. Well… fine.
“Could be,” Jody said. “Though it’s nowhere near as scary as your thing sounds.”
“Unimpressed.” Sam said loudly, with a cough. “He’s very professional, doesn’t like the idea of taking any personal time while working a case.”
Dean didn't quite know how to react to that, sarcasm he could deal with, make a joke out of, but genuine compliments? He felt himself turning red.
“It might also be the first time you’ve offered one,” Cas snapped back, his eyes flashing dangerously in the rear-view. “I’m asking you for time. Because I am doing my best to remind myself that what happened today wasn’t your fault.”
He hated it. He hated it so much he wanted to scream. How was it possible to feel so isolated when this place was stuffed to the gills with people? He'd barely seen Sam or Cas since being back; whenever Sam got a spare five minutes it was more often than not interrupted with a, "Sorry, Chief, but-" and an apologetic look from his brother. And whenever Sam wasn't around it was Cas they turned to, looking for his opinion or an obscure piece of lore or even just a casual hello. Mary had integrated herself so well with the survivors that beyond their initial reunion he'd barely seen her. Even Jack seemed to have a place of authority, able and willing to deal with minor disputes, although he looked a little paler these days and less talkative, something that Cas was using every spare second he had to worry about.
crying out for mercy as they were overwhelmed. Hell had been content to keep us fighting at the gates eternally, it has enough creatures to spare, but the moment it knew that one of us was inside it ended the battle."
"I'm sorry I left you to go through that alone."
certainly thinks so."
"Oh," Castiel said, looking down self-consciously at his modified jacket, new t-shirt and worn jeans that could pass as being ripped by design, though they weren't. "The jeans are yours, I hope that's alright. I bought the rest at the farmer's market yesterday."
"No, but you could've given me a heart attack," Dean countered, "plus, I've got good aim. What're you doing? Here to learn about engines?"
"We had a plan! If he'd just stuck to the plan-"
"Thank you, Jack. And… and I'm sorry about before."
"Are sweatpants really that comfortable?" He asked, holding up a pair of Jack's that had been worn threadbare. The boy had only taken them off because Dean was doing laundry, despite promises that they would get him another pair, "You don't seem to wear them much."
to believe that it was over, that Michael would just let him go, that there would be no consequences to talking freely when Michael had been
. Dean had been drawn to Castiel since he first showed up in that barn with the light show and the gravel in his voice and those ageless, earnest, stony blue eyes. There had been kindness in him even then and Dean had been embarrassed, angry; he’d mistaken it for pity at first.
"We have the option and we're going to use it," Naomi snapped, then she sighed and stepped back towards the gate and that light began to build once more, "Well, this has been unpleasant. Good day, Mr Winchester, and good luck with Michael."
“We’re fine.” Sam said. Then he huffed, “well, if what we mean by ‘fine’ is—”
It hurt too much to think about the implications of Michael's words, but they stuck to him like barbs all the same.
“Hey, shower first, okay?” he said as he ushered a yawning Sam inside. “You’ll feel better and you won’t keep waking up because of zombie stink.”
He shot upwards, Dean Winchester thrashing in his grasp. Castiel pulled him in tight, after all this he would not risk failing Heaven because he simply dropped his prize.
"Of course not." Castiel said derisively, "Because that would involve you admitting that you're afraid."
Castiel said nothing, he was no longer capable of speech, all of the words had been taken by Dean, everything that had needed to be said was in the air between them, fluttering around them like lightning bugs at dusk. So instead of speaking, he acted, his hands moved up to Dean's hair and he pulled Dean towards him, crashing their lips together. That feeling burst inside him like fireworks, explosions of emotion and intensity and sensory overload; soft thumbs tracing his cheekbones, a tongue meeting his own, the smell of worn leather and damp earth glazed with the thin layer of sweetness that came from the flour and sugar still dusting their clothes and skin, the taste of black coffee and adrenaline, solid heat as Dean pressed closer, their chests touching, the cold shock of the fridge door seeping through the back of his shirt.
Michael's face twisted.
They lapsed into a comfortable silence for a few minutes, just taking in the scene, the shadows were getting longer, the temperature was dropping incrementally but despite all that it was serene. This place was truly calming.
“Yeah,” Sam said. “I’ll call you tomorrow or something, I think the next step is figuring out our next step, you know?”
Love Tibbins xx
"I don't mind," Dean mumbled, "I like doing it."
It was worth the wait. That was all Dean could think a few weeks later when Cas dropped his shirt so that Dean could see the healed and completed piece. No wonder Giva had looked so pleased with herself after Cas’ last session, no wonder Cas had been beaming through red eyes.
Castiel's gaze had been so focused on the etches in the table that it was only the change in tone and sudden movement in his peripheral vision that caused him to look up. Dean leaned forward now, holding the knife, hilt first, towards Castiel.
“How do you figure?” Dean asked, incredulous. “Is this or is this not a freaking clothes store?”
"I know. You're just trying to be practical. But when it comes to Sam and Dean, rationality takes a backseat."
"Both."
Rowena stared at him, but he didn’t take his eyes off the road. “I can’t say that around Dean so I haven’t said it... I really miss him.”
Dean had opened his mouth to do just that but stopped at the request, scowling. He pushed the tray away and turned to face Cas, his best friend, who was here and clearly worried about him. His eyebrows were pinched together and he leaned forward, staring at him earnestly.
end up fighting, there was no way Cas would be on his side this time.
Then again, that had never stopped them before.
dealing with it.
“Dean?” The voice was very small now and Dean wanted to cry, probably
"This is supposed to be my
Castiel snorted and he heard Dean mutter something on the other end.
being summoned by you when it’s convenient.”
“You say you thought Agent Cyrus had made off with the files,” said Sam, who was really probably the best one to speak, seeing as Dean looked like he was wound up so tight he was about to start up like a pneumatic drill and Rowena had no idea what to ask. “When was the last time you saw him?”
Dean sat back down in his chair and adopted a fake-casual tone.
. We can't hold if Michael decides to attack, so we will give him no reason to. We must protect the souls. What happens to them on Earth is no longer our concern."
"Oh yeah, 'cause
“Well you’re in a guy vessel.”
"That streak only needs to be broken once," Castiel said, standing up from his crouch and fetching a clean t-shirt from Dean's duffel bag, "so I worry." He handed Dean the shirt and perched on the edge of the table. Dean tugged it on and met his eyes, there was an understanding in them. Presumably, he worried just as much as Castiel did. He had no platitudes to offer that Castiel would buy and he knew it.
Cas shook his head after darting his eyes over to the brothers, "It's nothing, it just gave me a lot to think about."
"Happiness isn't an always thing," he said, his eyes averted, his face shadowed by the yellow lamplight, "you find it in moments. When Dean cracks a stupid joke, when we get in the impala to start a new hunt, when Jack says something kind, jogging on a morning that's just slightly too cold, that's happiness. It's when those moments mean more to you than the lifetime of bad that surrounds them. When those moments are
“You’re taking him the rest of the way.” Dean told her, angrily twisting off the gas cap and shoving the nozzle in. “I can’t deal with that for two more hours.”
I hope this makes up for the past... however many days of angst, or at least gives you a little silly break from it.
Sam gagged and made no further protest as Dean pushed him out, though he did stoop to grab one of their emergency go-bags by the door.
Dean shook himself, he'd been dangerously close to drifting off into his own head for a second there, "Yeah, sorry."
Dean Winchester didn’t know how to love Castiel, he just did. And he was pretty sure his head had rolled a long time ago.
But turns out that all that Disney princess, follow your heart crap was just that. Shocker. Because real life,
Cas didn't want to watch Dean pull away from him, didn't want to be the cause of a rift in their relationship. It had taken Dean over ten years to get to this point, and Cas had destroyed it all in three words.
He managed to yank the spike free with a sickening wet crunch and whirled around to face his next foe. Anger flooded his system now, imbuing him with a fresh determination to fight until he was torn to pieces, and then choke those swallowing him.
"I can't say you're wrong," Dean said, "it just sucks. You deserve to be happy, Cas. Like you said, after everything you've given, you deserve that."
. I always love to hear from you.
it. Sam, what have I done?"
the day she’d already had, mind you, and then spend half an hour
“I’m fine.” Dean said, ignoring the heat in his face. “You and Cas are both worrying for nothing. I’m not some delicate damsel, okay? I’ve got this. Now give me a blade.”
“Dean!” He called out, and then he threw the demon-killing knife towards his brother.
Wings.
and swiped the key card. The little light turned green and she opened the door wide and flipped on the light.
Love Tibbins xx
“Are you sure you can handle this?” Sam muttered earnestly. “I know this is gonna be a lot to handle.”
, Dean!” Charlie wheedled from outside the tent. “We’re going to be late!”
worse, but they were desperately outnumbered and these creatures had been summoned by
He shook his head with a small smile. "You're my family too." He said, "You and Jack; Dean was never my only reason for staying." He hesitated a moment. "But it
Because Cas wouldn't leave to go back to Heaven if he had a choice, right? Time and again he had chosen them over Heaven, why would he go back on that now? Especially with Jack in the picture.
“Who’s Dean?” Dean asked with a wink, “I’m Led Floydar, the last in my line.”
What Castiel loved most about the tradition was that they never thanked God the way that the families in TV soaps did. No, they thanked each other: for staying together, for overcoming the odds, for apologies accepted, fights resolved, comforts given. They thanked each other for sharing their lives another year.
“Yeah,” Dean said, flashing his badge quickly, probably just to see the boy’s face light up. “Are you Dylan?”
He took a moment in the chilly hallway to gather himself, (he seemed to be doing that a lot lately) and then turned and strode purposefully towards Dean's room. He hoped Dean would hear him out; this thing between them, whatever it was, had been building for years and Cas wanted it, he wanted it so badly that it would be worth going to the Empty just to take a few moments to see those green eyes light up, to trace the line of his jaw, to pull him into a kiss. It would be worth it. And he had waited long enough.
Dean paused a moment and looked back at Cas, who hadn’t moved from the driver’s seat. His hands were still clamped on the wheel, his face hidden in shadow. Dean just barely caught a tremble in those hunched shoulders and his heart twisted at the sight. He swallowed, worrying at his lip. Every instinct told him to walk back to the car, slide in next to Cas and try to comfort the guy, but Cas was pissed at him, rightfully so, and the only thing he had asked Dean for was time. So, feeling like he’d swallowed a round or two of buckshot, he left the door ajar and turned away.
is that his vessel is Dean. Which, firstly, isn't what Dean would want, and secondly, isn't a good enough reason to leave Michael to destroy the planet! I know that Sam can't understand it right now, but I thought that you would be able to see that saving Dean shouldn't be our highest priority."
There was a small sniff from the other end of the line, or at least that's what Dean
“I guess,” Sam conceded. “It’ll be easier to figure out what we’re dealing with when we’ve got a first-hand account. Make it easier to figure out the new rules, you know?”
“Yeah. Come on. Use your damn feet. Don’t make me carry you.”
She clanked down the stairs with the bags. Patience was shrugging on her coat at the bottom and took two of the bags from her, swinging them onto her shoulders.
Castiel couldn’t help but be proud of himself for that, sitting alone in a motel room Maine; after all, choosing to go it alone after millennia of constant connection with his siblings and then with the Winchesters, at least for him, had been just a little bit brave.
"Dean?"
"Dramatic much?"
drunk ass back to bed. Though that had been years ago, and following a celebration of some kind that he couldn’t remember. Somehow, Dean managed to shuffle so that his legs were actually underneath himself rather than dragging behind, stumbling his weight from foot to foot while Sam took the pressure off so they made quicker progress to the door. He took a second to wave his thanks to Dylan, who stared back, more than a little confused at seeing the supposedly rigid, professional FBI agent do his level best to drink his bar dry not an hour later.
When Mary and Sam re-entered, Sam was still carrying Dean's body, though it was now wearing a pink and blue checked flannel and a Led Zeppelin t-shirt that had been washed so often it had faded to a soft brown. He looked more like himself and Castiel was grateful for it. The room fell silent, the warm chatter dispersing in the air like fireflies at dawn. Every eye in the bunker was drawn to Dean's still face. Castiel heard over a dozen heartbeats spike, and the grief was so palpable he could taste the bitter tang of it.
There was a short pause then, during which Sam opened his mouth like he wanted to say something else, but then he glanced in her direction and closed it again.
did that night keep coming back when the night he’d spent burning his mother himself was fuzzy at best?
, just the thought of Dean like that, curled up in his bedroom, terrified, unable to breathe,
But apparently not.
His chest was on fire, when had he stopped breathing? He tried it now but couldn't quite remember how. There was a strange rattling wheeze around him, was it Baby? Had he missed something when checking her engine last week? Had he messed up the way he'd messed up protecting Sammy? Maybe if he'd listened to John, if he'd been better at squashing it, maybe Sammy wouldn't have had to jump into literal Hell with the devil riding shotgun, if he'd been less distracted by Cas, maybe he wouldn't have gotten pinned by those vamps in Apocalypse World and had to watch helplessly as they tore out his brother's throat.
"Don't be ridiculous," Cas bit out, "he was there, I couldn't exactly protect him from it."
Nothing but the wind answered him. Sam shivered and began shifting bodies, only then realising that it might have been a good idea to pick up his spike just in case, but it was too late now. His clammy hands pulled at zombie after zombie until he saw grass and he felt nausea roil in his stomach. The stench was overwhelming. He gagged and pulled, starting his own pile of corpses, ensuring that this one definitely didn’t contain Dean.
“That’s what I thought. Well… I’ll take care of it and I should be able to make it to the bunker by dinnertime.”
Cas stayed kneeling for a few moments, allowing Sam to use him as a support to get back to his feet. They stumbled their way over to the car, Sam leaning on Cas far more heavily than he probably should, one of the bonuses of having an angel best friend. The adrenaline had drained out of him completely now and he knew he was crashing, his head buzzed and he felt every second as an extra weight. He was exhausted, spent in a way that he couldn’t even process right now.
Sam met his eyes. Dean saw none of the sympathy he usually associated with Sam, none of the kindness.
"Dean?"
“We’ll call if we learn any more. You stay safe out there. And tell the girls we say hey.”
Dean grunted and spun in his chair to throw a punch so sloppy that Sam didn’t even have to move to avoid. Dean would have followed the momentum of it down to the floor but Sam stepped in and caught him before he could. Slinging one of Dean’s arms around his shoulders.
"I know." Sam said. Castiel looked up at him to see his jaw twitch under his stubble, "It never gets easier." He continued, still staring at the road ahead and Castiel was struck by how many times Sam had had to deal with this grief, the six months Gabriel had wiped away, the four months in Hell, the year in Purgatory, the few hours before the Mark of Cain restored him. "You just get strong enough to carry it."
Sam laughed and glanced at Cas before answering, "No, Dean, I'm not sick. I just wanted a lie in."
“What is it?”
Dean drank his water over by the sink, taking the time to just stare out the window. There wasn’t much of a view. The edge of a crop field, a bunch of dehydrated shrubs and a lot of red dust. There were only two houses in view, their back yards taking up large expanses of the nothing that comprised this town. Cas had died for this place, he thought bitterly. This crappy little backwater with a sheriff who didn’t care about six corpses and a missing fed and a bar that didn’t care if its menu came with a side of food poisoning. This town that was only now safe because of an angel who’d been betrayed once too often.
Dean swallowed hard, tears welling in his eyes and he took a shuddering breath in as though he hadn't meant to say all of those things at once. Castiel could feel tears on his own face, he hadn't even known he
Dean sighed at that, perhaps a little too dramatically, weighing his options, then he stood and went to sit next to Cas on the bed, mere inches between them. Dean didn't look at him, though he saw the angel's head turned to follow him in his peripheral vision, those eyes boring into his cheek.
So I'm a little behind on this but I only discovered the list yesterday and I'm catching up.
it. Seeing his own fierceness in Lilo, he found it admirable, seeing Stitch's recklessness, he felt pride, and when Nani broke down at the thought of losing her sister and refused to accept it as reality he
Dean had glanced at him, his eyes narrowed suspiciously, but upon realising that he wasn't being mocked he flushed and mumbled,
Dean just looked at him, helpless and trembling, his eyes wide and child-like. For the first time, Sam felt like the older brother. He was out of words, he didn't know how to make Dean understand, so he released his hands and tugged him in by the shoulders for a long hug as though he could squeeze out the past four decades worth of internalized hatred and fear and replace it with warmth and love and acceptance. He couldn't, he knew, but maybe it would help in any case. After a few seconds of Dean sitting woodenly in his arms, he felt fists ball into his shirt at the shoulders and Dean's face buried into Sam's shoulder, clinging to him like a koala bear.
you listen to what he wants.”
"No, you can't." Dean said quietly.
He laid down and blinked at the ceiling, then he squinted. A stain, well… two stains that had merged into an image of wings, spread wide, feathers distinct. Dean smiled. Then pulled out his phone and snapped a picture to send to Sam, that
“I was terrified when I saw you holding the knife to it,” Cas said instead, the strange quality to his voice drawing Dean back into his orbit. “Pretending to be
Once he was gone, Dean sat back in his chair, looking rather put-out, "he hates cleaning," he said again, in a small voice.
Dean made a weak, spluttering noise that might have been his name. Immediately, Castiel's hands returned to Dean's chest.
It was in the middle of a storm in a long-abandoned barn on the outskirts of Pontiac, Illinois where Castiel prepared the spell. He put the tip of the archangel blade to the meat of his palm and sliced downwards, allowing his blood to fall into the brass bowl on the half-rotted table before healing the cut with a finger of grace. He kept his eyes down as he worked, not looking up at the black paint on the walls, peeling in some places after almost a decade but still mostly intact. Not that they would do much good, they hadn't the first time. Castiel hadn't bothered putting up any sigils of his own, he knew it wouldn't make a difference, there were no safe places anymore.
Still, striding through the rows of cages was… uncomfortable, it was hard to ignore the prayers when the ones praying were so close, it was hard to turn his head from a sobbing child—what had they done to deserve eternity here?—from a woman half-deranged with pain, from a man convulsing on the ground. The not-air around them all was thick and cloying, those in the cages might not need oxygen, but most of them probably weren't aware of that yet. Indeed, many of those he passed had scars on their throats, some still dripping open. His hands balled into fists as they longed to reach out and take away that pain; that is what angels were made for, to heal, to help, to aide humans. Of course they were warriors, but if he stood aside and did nothing, how was he better than the demons who had trapped them here? What was he fighting for if not for them? He had to shake himself at that traitorous thought,
Dean exhaled, and a heaviness that he hadn’t realised had been tight around him dissipated with the breath.
my highest priority. Once we have him back, we can figure out the rest but I won't consider a plan that puts him at risk."
Sam winced at the crick in his back as he hunched over his phone. He shot Dean a quick text telling him to hurry his ass up picking out clothes. He didn’t exactly feel comfortable waiting around on a public bench with a duffle full of guns and ammo and another bag of silver jewellery, especially when he was still sporting bruises on his face. Rowena had dabbed some powder on to cover up the worst of it (much to Dean’s chagrin) but he still got the odd look. He was as close to Rowena’s tiny car as he could get without raising any suspicions, but she had taken the keys so he couldn’t store the new purchases.
Curiosity overcoming his sleepiness, Dean slipped out of bed and padded across the room. There was a line of light under his door. The light was flickering, like it did when he pushed a chair under the light switch to stand on so he could turn it on and off really fast. Was Mommy playing with the light switch? Was that why Daddy was mad?
"So…"
(See the end of the chapter for
Every so often he glanced towards the door of the bunker, wondering what was trapped in there that the brothers hadn’t wanted to talk about in front of Rowena. He couldn’t sense anything, though after what had happened with Kethian that was hardly surprising. He could barely see the faces of his own kind anymore, and he had to squint to even see the warding that had used to be so clearly visible to him.
But Dean had already pressed his hands directly onto what was probably the wound losing the most grace, right at the joint of his wings. Castiel cried out. Pain lanced through him, then horror as his grace began to pull at the soul so valiantly trying to help him as though attempting to steal its energy. Castiel jerked forward, away from Dean's touch, and rolled to face Dean, holding a hand out in front of him, "Stop!"
“Take your brother outside as fast as you can, don’t look back!”
The water pressure was heavenly and she sighed into it, the water turned to just the right side of scalding. She hoped the world wouldn’t end if only for more moments like this, when everything outside of the shower stall fell away into unimportance.
Castiel said nothing, he had been hoping that the herb might have given Dean the strength to revoke his permission, to break out of whatever world Michael had locked him in and cast the intruder out. But Michael was an archangel and Dean was his holy weapon. There was a connection there that no sliver of root could break. He'd known it, it had been nothing more than a wild hope, but the fact that it was compelling Dean to stay meant that he was fighting, as Cas had known he would. Michael dismissed his wings with an uncomfortable shrug of the shoulders and levelled his eyes at Castiel.
They were investigating a murder, the murder of a guy who’d been missing for thirty-six years. He’d almost not been found at all, having been buried deep in protected woodland, but a few days ago a ranger had noticed all the animals avoiding a particular spot and had gone to investigate.
“That’s okay,” Sam said, drawing back to smile at him, though he kept a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “We did. We’ve got quite a bit to catch you up on actually, and I wanna hear about what happened to you, and to Jacob. I assume he was an angel?”
"I don't wanna fight, Cas." Dean said, his voice was scratchy and slow.
He started walking again and made it outside without any further detours. He started up Baby and slid her smoothly into her spot in the garage before getting back out and starting to walk, taking one of the forest trails that Sam liked to use on his jogging route.
“Yeah,” Sam agreed, then he pulled out his phone. “Speaking of, I found us the case. So get this...”
"I'm glad you're okay, Dean." Jack said with a crooked smile, breaking Dean from his reverie. "We were all really worried when you wouldn't wake up. I wanted to use my powers but-" He glanced at Cas, whose expression had hardened. Jack scowled in response, "Look, I know you're all worried about me but I'm fine. I'm better than fine. I still feel emotions, okay? And I
something right now; he needed a connection with the man he loved, he needed proof that he hadn’t lost him too.
Sam pulled his lower lip between his teeth and worried at it, ashamed, "I know sometimes I make jokes and say things that hit him harder than I mean them to," he said, "I know that doesn't help. I think part of it's because we're brothers and that's what siblings
“The gun, Sam. It’s gotta be the gun.”
Sam tugged it away from him and dropped it to the floor, grabbing his hand instead. Dean hissed as his brother's icy skin made contact with his own.
(See the end of the chapter for
"How did we kill Lucifer?"
” he spat the words like a bad taste. “That was the trigger to set this place right. This was all part of his
Dean managed a smile then, taking the knife and inspecting it. It wasn’t ideal, but it would do. “Yeah,” he said, clapping his brother on the arm. “Cas has got my back.”
"We don't interact with humans much." Castiel explained, "I'm afraid we are very practical creatures."
Dean held up a hand and leaned against the wall, breathing hard and heavy and shuddering. “Not now, Sammy,” he said. “Please, just… not now.”
"Would that be so wrong? There are barely enough angels left to keep Heaven functioning. If it fails then every single soul will fall back to Earth as an untethered spirit. My power could help."
"Not the deal," Sam clarified, "the other thing."
"My siblings-"
He hesitated before picking up Sam's basket in both hands. Right. Laundry, done. Now he just had to drop these back outside Sam's room and then take his own back to his, put the stuff away and then he'd make lunch. He wasn't sure what he was going to do yet. Sam probably wouldn't appreciate greasy comfort food and he wasn't really feeling it either to be honest, but they all needed something more than whatever the hell kale was to actually make them feel better. He pondered his options and dropped the basket outside Sam's door with enough noise to alert him that something was happening but not enough to make him think it was urgent if he didn't wanna come out right away.
Isla positively beamed and hurried them back out front into the actual clothes part of the store, discussing fabrics and stitching and complimentary colours, gesturing for an assistant and sweeping Rowena away into a fitting room.
"I know what you've been doing," Sam said after knocking on Castiel's door a week later and slipping inside.
"That makes sense," Castiel chimed in, "what are your plans for the rest of the day?"
“Yep. And the night before. Came in, then your guy spotted Keith and went over right away. They were talking all night. Looked like they were real close and then left together. If you want my two cents, I’d say they were a little bit more than chummy, if you get my meaning.”
Jack hugged them both and spared one last, long look at the pyre before heading back inside. Castiel though that perhaps he should go too, let Sam have the last few moments alone with his brother, just the two of them, as it had always been. But the thought of going back inside felt wrong, he couldn't leave Dean, he'd promised, even as the guilt of depriving Sam of that time chewed at his insides.
Dean was shaking his head violently, "No,
The brothers looked at each other, and then were silent for almost fifteen whole seconds while they had one of their wordless conversations that were so irritating to be around. Rowena huffed impatiently and crossed her arms. Rudeness, pure rudeness. She could
"Sam already ate," Cas said quietly from behind him, "He went out for a run, you just missed him. I could ask Jack if he wants any?"
, even if they’d somehow found another way out, even if they managed to take down Chuck and restore the world to peace and a new kind of free will, Cas still would have died because he loved Dean. Either that, or he would have spent the rest of eternity not allowing himself to be happy.
“Well, out with it,” Dean snapped, his patience failing him. “You said we needed to talk but you’re not saying anything.”
And he hadn’t even hesitated to practically slice him in half.
"That sounds nice." Castiel said, entertaining the idea for a moment but not believing it to be true. Heaven was memories, not dreams. Besides, Dean wouldn't be satisfied with any pretend version of them. Sam shook his head, apparently he didn't believe it either.
“Nothing very powerful, but there are a few detection spells that might help. They’re simple to cast but even the most complex one only has a range of maybe ten feet. You’d still have to comb through the bunker and the results would probably pick up on a lot of residual energy from when he was staying with you. Everything he touched probably has traces of divinity.”
His mind flicking through possible lunch options like a food rolodex, Dean changed and sat down on the multi-gym, preparing to get his jock on… and almost tore his arms off trying to pull the handlebar down.
"If you were smart like Sam," he began after a long pause, speaking slowly and deliberately, choosing each word with care, "then you wouldn't notice the things that Sam misses. If you were smart like Sam, then you might not have learned all that you did about being a hunter because you would have focused on your own studies. If you were smart like Sam, then you wouldn't have tried so hard to save me when I said yes to Lucifer," he slid his hands across the table and nudged Dean's clasped ones, "the world already has someone who is smart like Sam Winchester," he continued, waiting until Dean met his eyes to do so, "and the world is better because of it, but it is still spinning because it
else.”
"Well, yes, I think so." Cas said, diverting the boy's attention from Dean, who quickly swallowed the mush and replaced it with more syrupy goodness. "But I think we could all benefit from a break. We lost a lot of people, Jack. There were less than a dozen who weren't in the bunker when Michael laid it to waste. We need time to mourn."
. But after barely ten minutes his arms were shaking, he was drenched in sweat and he felt like a split garbage bag left out on the road in the middle of summer. Gross and useless and possibly run over by a truck.
Incredibly, the fingers stopped advancing.
“Against
They celebrated on their own too though, and Sam liked those days just as much. The date changed each year, depending on what time they could get between hunts but it would usually be mid-December if they could manage it. Dean would whip up a special dinner (which always included an apple and cinnamon pie) and they'd drink beer and swap presents between themselves, taking the time to relax and spend time together that didn't involve an apocalypse or a strange murder or any kind of dire news at all.
And Sam could definitely use the break.
Jody had just sat down to dinner when the phone rang. Claire hid a smirk behind her hand as Jody rolled her whole head along with her eyes to glare at the phone; it was a movement Claire had seen in Cas before, apparently a trait in her parent-figures.
be afraid. But he looks at me like he knows better, like he knows that
's', Dean, I don't understand where you're getting the other one from when you shorten it."). The photo was a simple one, Cas was squinting off-camera at Dean, and was halfway through asking him why he’d been told to smile. It was a little blurry but Dean had precious few pictures of Cas and this one captured him better than some of the other ones with a fake, awkward smile plastered to his face. He looked mildly annoyed but there was a fondness there that made Dean’s chest ache, a fondness that he hadn’t seen in a while, that he hadn’t been
"No," Castiel said, "you don't. You can't. Everything that we have been through together… it can't end like this. I won't lose him like this because if I do, then it's just too cruel. If I was going to lose him to Michael anyway, why couldn't it have happened then? Before I understood him, before I fell, before I loved him."
Sam snorted and raised his shoulders in a half-apologetic shrug. Castiel smiled.
"Just pulled up," Sam said, slamming the driver's side door shut and walking around the hood to join him, folding his arms and looking at the angel sternly, "and I think it's about time Cas told us both what was going on."
Castiel laughed, feeling almost giddy. "Well, we've got about three hours for you to decide what take-out we should get tonight."
saved the world, one last time. It was still here; whiskey that tasted like gasoline and drunken assholes leering at the bartenders and using any excuse to throw a punch or an insult or try their sloppy hand at pool.
Sam's smile leaked across his face one more and he even chuckled softly, "I forget that you can do that. You know, you're gonna have to teach Jack Enochian, and I'd like to learn too if you wouldn't mind. I know a few of the letters but…"
This was ridiculous, he was being ridiculous. They were just
They stayed that way for a long time, just looking at each other, Castiel drank in the warmth from where they connected, his hand surrounded by Dean. It felt secure in a way that he hadn't realised he wanted. He stared at the way Dean's tongue darted out to lick his lips, the way his freckles hid behind his delicate blush, the way his eyes dropped lower down Castiel's face.
"Cas," he said, "there's somethin' I've been meaning to say, for quite a while actually but I always chicken out. But seeing your name here… I guess for the first time it feels like you might stay. And I dunno, maybe that's making me brave or somethin' but I've wanted to tell you something important and-" he let out a breathy laugh that clashed with the open fear in his eyes.
"I'd like to," Cas replied with a wistful smile. "But I work a lot, a lot of trips out of town. I can't guarantee I'll be around."
“He’s right, Rowena,” Sam said, turning his haunted eyes to her. “That thing...” he shuddered. “We can’t let it out. We can’t.”
to pick his favourites and the order he wanted them in, by the time he got around to actually recording, we were both sick of hearing him talk about it. I actually, uh, you know that skip of static in Kashmir? Yeah, that was my fault, I, uh, I was telling him about something that had happened at school and he wasn't listening, so I pushed him and it jolted the tape. Man, he was so mad."
“Come on,” Sam said again, more gently, taking him by the elbow and trying not to lean on him too hard.
“Not that I could be any help to you anyway,” Cas continued, the bitterness oozing through the phone. “Do you know why I took so long to pick up? I was
A kind of weary terror gripped him. He was going to die. They were
"I just don't like the whole communal meals thing," he said quietly, walking casually over to the desk to pick up the chili, using the over-long sleeves of his sweater to insulate his fingers against the heat. Holding the bowl in one hand he took the fork in the other and began to eat. "Thanks for bringing me some," he said in between mouthfuls, "this is good."
Then the pressure withdrew and Castiel almost toppled forwards, catching himself just in time. He looked up at Michael, hopeful, but those eyes were still cold. Even that gold spark seemed dimmer now, as though Dean had stopped fighting. Castiel risked a glimpse at his friend's soul and what he saw wrenched at his heart; a tight ball of flickering light, wreathed in shadows of hopelessness and despair. It soaked Castiel through more thoroughly than the rain and added a bone-deep chill that the wind couldn't manage.
He was scrubbing at a particularly tenacious glob of syrup when the lights in the bunker went out. The plate slipped from his fingers and landed with a crash back into the sink, sending soapy water sloshing onto his shirt.
"And Dean doesn't remember any of it?" Sam asked, glancing at the figure that had begun to shift uncomfortably, caught in the process of waking up.
"We should probably actually clean this up before Sam tries to beat us to death with a mop," Dean said, reluctantly pulling away, "and we should probably tell him about… you know, us, at some point, Jack too."
It was kind of ironic that in being trapped in this place of monsters, Dean felt more free than he ever had. Here he didn’t have to flash a badge with a fake name to get into a building with some people that may or may not know a name or an address or a story that may or may not be relevant to finding a monster, he didn’t have to pretend that finding that monster was about anything other than the kill, he didn’t have to pretend that he needed more of a reason than because it was
"Cas?" Dean said, squinting at him through the steam coming off his coffee mug the next morning.
"I- I don't know what that means."
With that he turned on his heel and headed for his room. It was only after he closed the door that shame settled in his gut; that had been far more direct than he had wanted. Probably too direct. He doubted that Dean would get anything positive from that particular exchange, despite the fact all he had been trying to indicate was that he had people who loved him, who cared when he got hurt. But those cuts had been deep and he'd had bruised ribs and a concussion to boot. Not the worst Castiel had ever healed him from but still, that pain mattered.
anymore so what is the point in staying?"
“I can probably still...” Cas said, raising two fingers to Dean’s forehead, but Dean ducked out of the way before he could make contact.
Castiel didn't miss the small smile of pleasure, though Dean did his best to hide it. He cleared his throat and dipped down to check the gas cap, nodding to himself as he rounded the car,
There wasn't really anything to do about it except keep noticing, he supposed. If he could use it as an early warning system then that was helpful, but it made him wonder who was bothering to give him a head's up when everything was about to go to crap. It wasn't exactly
badly, so he wobbled his way over to the free chair and kept his hand tight on the back of it to give him a steadier reference of where to sit.
Dean saluted Sam's back and went to do as he was bid, feeling a small bubble of pride lodge itself somewhere between his ribs. This was a good idea, this was going to help all of them. It was a clear day and warm for this time of year, though Dean was going to make sure they had spare jackets in the car and a blanket or two. It was also cool enough that they should be able to avoid the seven trillion insects that inevitably swarmed to picnics in the peak of summer, so… bonus.
“Not really. But it’s… it’s
“Don’t you remember this face?” He asked mockingly. “I got it especially for you.”
“Nice room.” Sam said, lowering his duffle bag and awkwardly nudging it behind the sofa with his foot, as though embarrassed by the ratty material cluttering up such a tidy space. As he should be, that thing looked like it had been gnawed on by a pack of werewolves and stitched back together with dental floss, which, knowing the Winchesters, might actually be the case.
. He's afraid that his mother will leave, that his brother will die, that he'll have to watch as I tear everything down. He's afraid of his past, he's afraid of his future and of the fact that he actually
, on free will, on the idea that people had at least some measure of control over their own lives. He wasn’t there to babysit, after all, He was there to
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas raised an eyebrow, "I doubt very much that twenty dollars would make me so happy I perish."
Dean shrugged, “Probably. No need to set an alarm or anything, it’s not like we’ve got anything in particular to do.”
(See the end of the chapter for
And if you want to chat, feel free to drop by
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean closed his eyes and took a moment to just breathe. He couldn’t kill Rowena through the phone anyway. “How are things out where you are? Anything weird happen in the last twelve hours or so?”
Day 5 - Water
The lines on their faces had deepened in the low light. No, more accurate to say that the
. I put a lot of work into it and had to re-write it several times because I wanted to get it right. Sorry for the delay but hopefully it's worth it.
If Cas had asked his opinion he’d have said perhaps a little on the nose but he would have been eating those words.
"If I had to leave sooner than I thought, before I could help with Michael, would you and Dean be okay?"
Not that she was complaining at this particular moment. Castiel might be a pleasant thing to look at but he was just as stubborn and pig-headed as the humans he fell for. Dealing with them one at a time was bad enough.
"Castiel," Jack said, bringing him back to the bunker, "you're crying."
"What's wrong with sticking with what you know is good?" Dean said, throwing a piece of popcorn at Sam, who retaliated with a chip he had just pulled from the bag, "Don't mess with perfection, Sammy."
Naomi had told him.
wanted?" Sam said, his voice a little too loud for the quiet room. He glanced at the door, took a sharp breath and let it out slowly before continuing, "I know he used to go hungry just so that he could make sure I had three squares a day, I remember that he'd go out late and come back early with take-out and a wad of cash that I wasn't supposed to ask about; I know that once, I got scratched by a werewolf on my arm and he insisted that Dad patch me up first, even though he had a concussion, two broken ribs and a dislocated collarbone! I never wanted him to put me first like that, not at the cost of his own safety, his own happiness."
"Don't experiment with me, Dean. I'm happy that you finally feel comfortable enough to explore your sexuality but adding that element to our relationship would make things… complicated. I don't want to lose you either and I can't stand the thought of being that close to you and it not meaning anything."
"And this is me being one." Sam retorted, whirling around to face him, his eyes blazing, "I'm telling you that going back to Heaven is a mistake. This is your
“Are we going to have a domestic now?” Dean asked, trying to keep his voice as nonchalant as possible and, at least to his mind, failing.
Sam sighed, “Yeah. But it’s worse on bad days.”
“I know.”
comes the possibility of changing your fate. If we can do it without risking Jack then we will, understood?"
The slight twitch in Cas' jaw told him all he needed to.
died when they were out on a hunt then Dean blamed himself. Most of the time he could pass it off with a joke, and it was less bad when they were still working out what the creature was. But past the interview stage, when they were gearing up to finally kill the thing, that was when he took every new death hard.
loved this. It wasn’t even being treated like royalty, though that part certainly had perks, it was the thrill of being so lost in a game that the reality outside just didn’t really matter. All of her boring worries about laundry or her next electricity bill or that firewall her boss had been hounding her about, none of it would make any sense in Moondoor, so it didn’t bother her. She stepped slowly towards the throne at the head of the table occupied by those in the livery of knights and diplomats from other realms and guests of honour and stood in front of the seat, catching Led out of the corner of her eye. He fell into his proper place just behind her throne, his hand near the hilt of his sword, just in case there was trouble, but they were expecting none tonight.
White-hot agony speared though him at her touch, shooting up into his brain, blotting out the (until that moment noticeable) pain of his headache and neck with something a thousand times worse. He thought he screamed, he must have tried to jerk away from her hand. The metallic tang of blood rushed into his mouth where his teeth must have ripped at the skin of his lip. He thought perhaps his nose was bleeding too, his eyes, his ears, his very pores oozing red fluid as it too tried to escape the all-encompassing torment.
"Thank you," he whispered, barely audible over the loud purr of Baby's engine.
Sam levered himself up onto his elbows and from this new position he saw where his blade had skittered under the map table, the sharpened edge flickering with reflected light. Then he was being rolled over by a rough hand and a fist connected with his jaw. He felt a sharp sting and tear as his lip split and weight settled on his hips, causing the gun in his waistband to dig painfully into his back. He bucked wildly, panic shooting lightning through his nerves; this wasn’t the first time he’d fought something that looked like himself, but when he was soulless he’d been stronger, having had nothing other than hunting that gave him any kind of purpose, any semblance of feeling, so he’d thrown himself into it completely. Also, the not-sleeping thing had helped.
Dean had talked a lot about Cas in those private sessions, and even more about anger. The talking helped more than he liked to admit, but actually giving it a voice meant he had to listen to his own bullshit, which was super helpful in making him feel like an idiot, but also let him step back to look at the wider picture of who else had been caught up in it.
It was silly perhaps, but it was fun too, working their way around the store in mock-seriousness to find the perfect gift, learning about each other's tastes, Jack liked the novelty items, funny quotes on mugs, glow-in-the-dark plastic dinosaurs, an aluminum skull, while Cas found himself drawn to ornaments, even choosing a little black marble turtle for himself. Eventually, they settled on a pair of agate bookends, bright pink overlaying a core of lilac, they were very pretty and also had a practical use, which should appeal to the logically-minded hunter.
"What day is it?"
He downed several more glasses of whatever the hell the bartender kept pouring him and then slid off his barstool and headed for the door, stumbling a little more than he expected as the booze hit him fully. How much would he have to ingest before it burned out all the bad in him? More than a liquor store, he’d bet, though he might have drunk the equivalent of at least one shelf in the time since Cas left.
“Well she’s gotta be, right? I mean, it’s our side or oblivion,” Jody said briskly. “What else?”
He dashed forward, the blade dancing in his fingertips, Michael side-stepped and caught his charge on the shoulder, glancing, but enough to further build his rage, there were no more pulled punches, no more hesitation. Castiel fought to kill.
"We did this for you too, you know." Sam said eventually, "And Dean had that exact same look on his face."
"Cas?"
"I've never been able to help him," Sam said miserably, clearly caught in his dark train of thought, "not really," he glanced up at Castiel and there were unshed tears in his hazel eyes, "I've known Dean my
“Poor little Sammy,” Soulless Sam taunted, boots crunching on some far-flung pieces of glass as he took another few steps until he loomed over him. God, he was
Who exactly was the villain here? Castiel wasn’t sure. An argument could be made several ways. Chuck for orchestrating this entire mess, Belphegor for his final betrayal that had caused Cas to disrupt the plan, Dean for not allowing Cas to even attempt to bridge the gap forming between them or Cas himself for being
may be failing but he was still an angel, and there was more than the flashy tricks he could perform that separated him from humanity. At least, he’d always thought so, but even aspects of his biology seemed to be changing. His capacity for emotion had to be at least somewhat physical by now and he
"Yes," Dean said immediately, not breaking eye contact with his brother. Sam stared back calmly,
"Please." He said through tight teeth. It was all he had left, the last act of a desperate man. "Michael, please. I'm asking you, as your brother, let him go. Let him come
He suddenly felt very stupid. Of course Sam was right about this. He needed to stay in shape. Knowing his limitations was one thing but getting lax about his physical upkeep was another. They were in fights constantly, always having to run away from or towards a big, bad monster. If he overestimated his speed by even a tiny amount it could mean life or death for any poor schmuck caught in the crossfire. When had he forgotten that?
us! What if I'd- what if I did something, what if I'd said something or- Hell, I got him to add his name to the table. I thought that would make him happy, shouldn't it have made him happy?"
“Not even a little,” Dean answered, though the small smile playing at the corner of his mouth said that he didn’t mind too much. “I dunno, man. If she were any kind of serious maybe I could get behind it, whatever makes him happy, you know? It’s kinda sweet for now, but I dunno what happens if they go beyond flirting. Could get messy.”
“I do.”
She blinked and suddenly she was in a graveyard, the sky was unnaturally dark, lit by flashes of red that flared out from large cracks in the earth; a portal to Hell, she could sense the souls escaping from their assigned places. She gritted her teeth and gripped her scythe. Returning the souls would have to wait. For now she watched two men and an angel stand together, gripping their makeshift weapons at the beginning of the apocalypse, and she waited for them to surprise her.
"Carry on, I guess." He said. "With no more archangels, I've got the cast of The Walking Dead back home and they're stuck here. I've gotta help them; either fix 'em up here or try to get 'em back if they want. We should probably look into the Heaven thing, figure out how to stabilise it so we don't end up in a freaking ghost apocalypse. Jack could use some proper human, hunter training, and there'll always be monsters, you know?"
. He walked forward slowly, arms outstretched, shaking as he struggled to hold both brothers in place.
Dean reddened in a most satisfying way and they all piled into the elevator. Sam pressed the button for the top floor and the doors closed smoothly.
“Forgive me, Sheriff Wyatt, but there have been six deaths in this town in the past three weeks, you don’t find that worth investigating?”
“Well,” she said, fully aware that both men were deliberately slowing to match her pace and taking no small amount of pride in that. “You might be right, Samuel. Looks like the angel was having a sexcapade after all.”
"I'm also glad you managed to get some sleep. I know you haven't exactly felt comfortable sleeping in weeks, it was nice to see you relaxed enough to get some rest."
cry, but he could for Dean, of course he could. He didn't try to speak, Dean wasn't finished and the idea of words failed him anyway, all he could do was listen and feel the meaning in Dean's voice as it curled through his mind like wisps of smoke, forming patterns and ideas that he had never dared give shape himself.
Dean Winchester
“Or maybe he’s barely started,” Sam said, turning away from the window and holding his fingers around the mug to warm them. “Maybe we can head this thing off before anyone else becomes wise to it.”
“Not always.” Cas argued. “Besides, what does it matter? There aren’t laws, are there?”
, Sam. It hurts more than I ever thought it could."
As soon as he deemed himself in the clear he searched every inch of the room from his chair, he strained his aching neck around in all directions, trying to see something of use,
"Afraid?" Michael scoffed, "Of you?"
"So it's probably bad that it's floating away then."
“He’s
"Perks of being the youngest," echoed Castiel with a shrug, "your confidence in your brother offered you a security that he never had. Of
So this is how he died, on a featureless stretch of Route 281. He
"I know what I said," Dean replied, draining his beer and popping open another.
He eyed Jack as the boy's head dropped. "Yes," he said, "you're right. Maggie especially, she was a good friend."
"I don't believe that there's a force in this universe that could break you, Dean Winchester," Cas said in that annoyingly calm voice, his eyes steady as he stared Dean down, they way you would stare down a nervous horse, "but I hate seeing you in pain, and you
"No, we really don't."
Cas stepped through the door and closed it behind him while Sam flipped on the light, wincing at the harsh brightness, and shoved the clothes he had been wearing the evening before from a chair in the corner onto the floor and snatching up a water bottle from his desk, taking a long drink from the contents as he waved for Cas to sit. He did, looking around, curious; he didn't come into Sam's room much. It was messy, with books strewn everywhere, post-it notes marking dozens of pages in each volume. Every furniture surface was covered with a thin film of dust, except for the smaller desk in the far corner which had an open sketchpad on it, doodles covered the double page and there was a large set of coloured pastels laid neatly next to it.
“Yes indeed. Hmm... And now look at you. Look at you, scared of a widdle knife and your own face. I do love seeing the pecking order in action. Fascinating stuff.” He drew another pattern with his blade. To its credit it didn’t even flinch. Honestly, he knew that by this point there was very little he could do to make those pretty screams reappear, the ones that had been so common back when Dean Winchester had first found his way onto the rack. But he relished the thought of trying all the same. He did like a challenge.
"And on a lot of other days since." Dean said, backing up a couple of steps. Cas' expression was as calm as his voice; he leaned against the sink, staring at him with a softness that Dean couldn't remember seeing before. It set off a dull ache in his chest that he couldn't explain and a shiver ran through him, though the garage wasn't cold.
and here she was, sitting at a table while the man that would kill her and his brother decided what she deserved to know.
It clicked then in Cas' mind, suddenly illuminating the true horror like the flip of a light switch and he felt his heart shatter at the realisation.
“Sam?” There was a momentary pause. “This isn’t your number.”
"Then Belphegor would be ruling Hell and powered with over a billion souls!" Sam said, voice raising with his obvious frustration. "And Rowena
The others followed suit and Dean flipped on the headlights, sending twin beams of yellow firing out towards the cliff. Sam cranked up the heater as Dean carefully swung them around, back towards the dirt road and the way they had come.
been trying to push his brother towards the stairs at the time, but he’d seen it, he’d felt it. In a sick way he’d understood the pleasure that creature got from pain. He’d eviscerated hundreds of people like that, thousands. He'd taken them apart joint by joint just to hear how the screams changed tone. He’d already known he was a monster before that thing showed up.
“Someone could’ve taken it to cover their tracks. If this is a preferred hunting ground then they’re gonna want to avoid an investigation into the missing FBI agent,” Sam reasoned. “He wouldn’t leave without checking in. He wouldn’t… right?”
know that Michael was killing people. There were reports of strange deaths from all over the world, eyes burned out in locked rooms, no sign of forced entry, furniture and walls broken and dented from where the people had been thrown but nothing to suggest another person had been there at all. The last one had been a man called Jamil Hamed, a Syrian refugee who lived alone. Nothing linked them, some had held positions of power, others struggling to get by, people of all faiths and nationalities and professions, good people and known killers chosen by Michael seemingly at random.
“I understand.”
“Then shouldn’t we figure that out before we go in?”
managed to forge her own bonds with them. Somewhere in between the demands for magical help, kidnappings and barbs exchanged, she’d actually grown to
Castiel's blood – what little he still had left – turned cold.
“I’m sure I’ve got no clue what the feds are doin’ here.” He said after offering Cas coffee, which he declined. “Ain’t nothing to be done.”
Dean’s mouth snapped shut, his teeth colliding with enough force to cause Sam to shift in his seat, definitely audible to Cas’ super hearing then. Great.
Dean looked up at that, and seeing the warm, encouraging smile on Sam's face both made him feel better and more guilty.
He didn't keep track of how many buckets of foamy, red-thickened water he poured down the industrial-sized sink in the kitchen, how many tacky puddles there were to scrape away with his brush, how many times he had to pause just to breathe, lolling his head to the side, away from the bucket. His head began to pound from the fumes of the cleaner and his throat was scratchy and dry, but he couldn't stop. Sam could be back at any moment. He'd heard Jack and Cas come back in a bare two hours after lighting the first pyre, the heavy door groaning their approach. Dean had been in the kitchen at the time re-filling his bucket and luckily, neither of them had wanted a snack. Because snacking was something that Cas did now. He said it all still tasted of molecules, but the physical act of chewing and swallowing was a comforting habit that he sometimes liked to indulge in. Trying not to analyse his relief that his family wouldn't see him in the midst of a frantic clean, Dean added a liberal amount of Borax to the water and swirled it around with his brush before lugging it back to the war room. He was glad they'd stocked up on the stuff back when leviathan were a problem or he would have run out several bottles ago.
Dean exhaled a chuckle. He supposed he'd known for a while that he and Cas had something different to friendship, what with the strange dance they did; the staring, the evasion, the cocktail of words both wrong and right that always set him spinning, but he'd just been too afraid to acknowledge it. It was easier to brush it aside, pretend that he didn't trust Cas just as much as he trusted Sam, that he didn't miss him or worry when he wasn't in the bunker, that he didn't find it hard to settle at night until he heard those familiar, steady footsteps pacing the corridors, like a sentry, a guardian.
“Yeah.”
“Just that he’s going to hunt on his own to help gather information and that he’d stay close, just in case.”
"You're really gonna bet on how stubborn I can be?"
Four feedings later and Dean openly sobbed whenever the creature entered the room. Not that it mattered, she was as impervious to begging as she was to threats, unmoved by bargains, by bravado, by screams. She didn’t care that he told her this was
Dean swallowed the sausage mush and rubbed the back of his neck, looking at the sheer amount of food laid out in front of him he supposed he had gone a little overboard. He'd figured a picnic was a good way to make a smörgåsbord out of the random stuff left in the fridge and cupboards. Sandwiches with various fillings, chips and dip, potato salad, some little pots of various pasta salads, a dish of avocado, tomatoes and cubes of mozzarella mixed together and smothered in balsamic vinegar, cheeses and meats and half-empty packets of cookies that were on the verge of going stale, a tub of grapes, a fruit salad, coleslaw. None of it had taken long to prepare but he had managed to clean out most of the fridge. Hopefully, things would feel more normal when they were no longer staring at enough food to feed an army of hunters every time they opened a cupboard, just a normal family-of-three-and-an-angel-who-occasionally-snacks amount.
“Running away?” Soulless Sam mocked as he advanced. “You haven’t changed much, have you?”
He was ashamed at that. He'd thought that he knew pain. Alastair had carved the kind of pain into him that had changed who he was, the kind of pain that had chipped away at his resolve, at his sanity, at his humanity, and then he'd taken up the knife himself and etched it in a little deeper. So yeah, he and pain had been pretty close once upon a time. They were just getting re-aquainted, that was all. He could wait this out, he
response whenever he heard the sound of approaching footsteps. He forgot to be ashamed of his tears and of his screams and of his sweat. He forgot that he'd thought he'd known what pain was before her. Alastair had hacked through his bones, trimmed his nerves, pulled his veins out through his fingertips, put out his eyeballs with blunt twigs, snapped his ribcage, toyed with his entrails and a myriad other things, including the psychological stuff. Dean would have welcomed that kind of torture now. Whatever this creature was, whatever she did, it was worse. She didn't just inflict pain, there didn't seem to be a source to it, Dean couldn't identify
"Of course," Cas said, smiling too, "I always find your pronunciation hilarious but I suppose I could help."
"Yeah, I didn't really feel like going for a run."
hurt? Your wings look like a freaking bead curtain right now."
Sam something, Sam knew better than to turn up his nose. He knew Dean well enough to know that he wasn’t offering Sam food, he was offering him love on a plate. Dean cared for people by literally caring for them, by cooking for them and wrapping them up in blankets and stitching up wounds. He didn’t know how to
want to meet the thing that those sounds belonged to.
humanity? How peaceful it must be that you don't feel the need to justify your actions because you can blame it all on Father and reap the reward."
The dam broke and Sam whirled around. “I don’t know, Dean. Maybe they are. So what? Why does it matter to you if Cas is off boning Jacob? If they
"Can't reach 'em."
"Why did you want it to win?" Castiel asked. It didn't really matter, it wasn't relevant to the mission, the wants of the creature in his arms had no bearing on its fate but still… Castiel was curious.
"Non-negotiable, Cas," Sam interrupted. Then he picked up the bookends and smiled fondly, "these are really nice, thanks again. We'll have to go back there at some point, maybe even drag Dean along. I really like the aquarium there."
Sam looked over at him and shrugged.
"You know who you sound like right now?" He said, not waiting for Dean's answer, "Dad."
Things weren't fixed between them. There would be more arguments, more long talks, more slammed doors. But there would also be more hand-holding, more gentle kisses, more touches and more patience from the both of them. Like Cas had said, they were on equal footing in this now, both a little off-balance but willing to steady each other. They would figure it out, as they always did, and happiness would come.
Love Tibbins xx
“Right. Which is why you’ve been snapping at your brother at every opportunity.”
Cas moved his thumb to lightly stroke over Dean’s cheekbone before making to pull away.
“Awww look, he’s all tuckered out.” Dean said, grinning at Cas through the rear-view mirror. Cas’ eyes flicked to him which wiped the smirk off his face pronto, those eyes were flat and angry.
two years old and think of everything he's already been through."
“Yeah, Jody, we’re fine.”
It was that last that was giving him the most trouble, the most rage. The people in his life that he loved, Sam, Cas, his mother, Jack, Jody and the girls, Rowena, Garth, Bobby, Charlie, Kevin, Lisa and Ben, were any of those connections real? Had they ever been real or were they just constructed that way to push him in a certain direction or to shift his priorities? And if they
Castiel dropped a lit match into the bowl and began to chant, keeping his voice steady over the wind that buffeted the walls of the barn, sending cold gusts whistling through the gaps, causing flakes of paint to tremble and flutter around him like flower petals. The beating rain provided a rhythm for the Enochian as he prepared himself for what was going to happen next. The flames hissed and flared, spitting golden sparks, he felt the heat licking at his face but it was distant, almost like the memory of a sensation.
"That's a great idea, Sam," Castiel said enthusiastically, running the possibilities through his mind, "especially on cases where it's not so clear what you're dealing with."
"Dammit!" Sam yelled, too loudly in the closed space, slapping his hands down onto the steering wheel in frustration. Then he bent forward to rest his head on the leather-coated metal with a deep sigh, "Come on girl," he muttered, so quietly that Castiel was sure he wasn't supposed to hear, "let's take him home. One last time, okay?"
Castiel finished it off before throwing the bottle into the recycling. The alcohol would do nothing for him but the bubbles were a pleasant distraction from his writhing insides. He hoped that he hadn't just made things worse.
Still, for now, it was enough to be helping, even if ‘helping’ meant driving on her own and keeping an evil weapon in her bag. It wouldn’t be long before they’d have to stop anyway. Her car was a beauty but it did have terrible gas mileage.
It was funny, Dean thought, how the memory of the night his mother died (the first time) stayed diamond sharp in his mind. Especially when other things began to fade, more important things like her laugh, how he’d feel when she hugged him, the way her hair tickled his nose. Those things had come back with her, of course, and he was grateful for the reminder now, when he found himself mourning her again and those things were a paper-thin barrier to hold back the memory of her first death. And his, if he was gonna be melodramatic about it.
"I think we are going to have to delay your return. I'm sorry."
Dean shrugged as he opened the bag of popcorn, "Lotsa people've killed me. Hell,
Which was why He needed the other planes. The Empty was the oldest of them, angels had existed before anything else and Heaven and Hell had been built by them, but as soon as there was life, there was also Death to stalk it, as soon as there were humans, there were reapers to shepherd them to whichever afterlife they had earned. The Veil had been created for those who refused—Chuck's first hint that souls were more powerful than He had probably intended—and as soon as there were monsters, there was Purgatory, the garbage dump for creatures without souls that had been deemed unworthy of either salvation or damnation.
the solution, Cas. It's got Death's stamp of approval and everything. That's it, that's all there is."
“We don’t know that!” Dean yelled, looking back; Sam followed his gaze to watch as young Sam stepped into the path of the approaching creature, downed the contents of the silver flask and then threw it aside. The unfiltered terror in Dean’s eyes as he saw that happening scared him more than anything else. His brother turned back to him, his eyes shining with what might have been tears. “Sammy, I promise you, we cannot fight that thing and win. Memorising all the books in this place won’t help if we get dead.
Dean wasn’t that kind; he’d made demands of Cas, had forced him into action that he wasn’t ready for, damning the consequences that weren’t his to bear. The thing about love with Dean was that he didn’t know what to do with it when he wasn’t pulling it from his unwilling brother and citing family, as though that was the great band-aid for all of his mistakes. The thing about love with Dean was that he just didn’t know
“Remind me why I fell for you again,” Cas said, looking between the two brothers with irritated amusement, which was in itself irritating because he shouldn’t find this charming, he
“Y-yes.” It rasped, causing a new pulse of dark blood to bubble up around the vocal chords and spill over.
“We could use a supplier for some… hard to get ingredients that we might need. We manage a whole network of hunters. And in this line of work those kinds of connections could be… uh... lucrative.”
He dumped his basket on his bed and set about putting away the now-clean clothes, though now he was jittery and anxious and the normally soothing task felt much larger than it had any right to.
He hushed Dean softly as the man let out another jagged whining sound, continuing to rhythmically thread his fingers through his hair. Dean was very tactile, Cas had found, though he often held himself back from touching even when he wanted to. Touch calmed him when he was agitated, when he allowed it, of course.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel really likes bees (and bee stuff)
“I heard you.”
He inspected the handle and nodded to himself. Clean. Now he just had to empty out the last of the bloody water and clean the sink as thoroughly as he could manage. They prepared meals in that room, washed their vegetables in that sink, it needed to be spotless before he could even think about using it again. He straightened up with grim satisfaction and gathered up his cleaning equipment before turning to hobble to the kitchen, his knees crunching with every step. He gritted his teeth and powered through; he wasn't twenty-five anymore, he'd pushed his body past exhaustion and the fumes hadn't helped. And screw Michael, his head felt like there was entire marching band in there.
“Not rich enough?” Sam asked with an amused quirk to his mouth.
Dean took a chair and sat, staring at the wood of the table, at the three sets of initials carved into it where there should be four. Where there should
He shook himself; he wasn't that kid anymore, he had the means to make sure neither he or Sam went hungry again. Though that didn't stop Sam from trying when things got really rough; when he was grieving he just straight-up forgot to eat sometimes, or decided that the effort of leaving his room to make food wasn't worth the payoff of something that he wouldn't even be able to enjoy. Dean did his best, leaving snacks and full-on meals outside his room at odd intervals during the day. Usually they vanished within the hour but every time Dean could barely contain his relief. Before he had learned the trick of giving Sam his own space while taking care of his needs, hell, before they'd had the
He knew that he and Sam mattered more in the grand scheme of things than any of the people they had lost along the way. Everyone kept telling them so, they were chosen, legacies,
So... what do you think?
think. We save people, what does it matter if I’m wearing eyeliner while that happens?”
Cas swallowed, cleared his throat, swallowed again, and then said, without looking at him, “I’m done.”
He'd made it to four beers by the time his alarm went off, and was absurdly proud of the fact, as though he was achieving something rather than failing more and more with every sip. He silenced his phone and headed back in the direction of the laundry room, his head just as clear as it was when he started, a side-effect of his crazy high tolerance level. While it was a good thing right now, and usually on hunts too, it only made that tug that beer wasn't enough more insistent. On his worse days, he skipped the beer entirely.
Heading back into the main area, he decided to try one of the herbal teas rather than coffee and settled down with a cup on the sofa. He closed his eyes, just enjoying the quiet peace of the moment, the comfortable couch, the heat of the cup on his knuckles where they brushed it as he held it by the handle, the smell of peppermint. It was moments like this that gave him the strength to battle the rest of it, he realised. A fantasy of normality that he could cling to for a few precious minutes, reminding him this was what he was preserving by continuing the fight. It was grounding, it was humbling, and it was enough.
“I counted four shots.” Apparently deeming Sam not in ‘imminent death’ territory, he straightened up and looked around the grisly battlefield. “I have to find him. If you can walk, get to the car, if not, I’ll be back for you.”
“And how exactly would you have been able to help by dying ten feet from the car?” Sam bit back, unable to keep the frustration out of his voice. His nerves were shot and he slammed the door harder than necessary as he gingerly manoeuvred back into the passenger seat, rubbing at his temples while Cas helped Dean into the back. Sam was about one more sudden movement away from giving out right there, his consciousness was a tenuous thread made up of the pulse of a headache and the fact that they were still at this freaking cemetery.
“This one.” Cas said, looking up to see Dean jump at his voice. “I want her.” He tried to keep his tone neutral but from the slight crinkle at the edge of Dean’s eyes he hadn’t been able to hide the excitement in his voice.
"Well…" he said. "Not anymore."
He felt a lot better as he wandered back up to the room a couple of hours later, calmer and more focussed. He’d sorted through a lot of things as he worked his poor muscles and had come to the conclusion that Rowena was right, he had been harder on Dean than he needed to be. He was still pissed, of course, he didn’t think that anger was going away any time soon, but it no longer roiled in his gut like nausea and he was pretty confident that he could keep it in check until they had time to deal with it. It wasn’t as though Dean was oblivious to the damage he’d done, and he
Love Tibbins xx
He deems that enough.
It terrified him.
"Yes." Cas cut him off.
to not want to watch the whole thing implode. Still, it’s not as though they had any kind of plan for that either so taking things one problem at a time was the smart thing to do.
Love Tibbins xx ^_^
After an amount of time that Dean couldn't even begin to guess at, they pulled apart. Dean was breathing heavily, Cas wasn't breathing at all. Dean bounced his gaze from those kiss-swollen lips to the even-wilder-than-usual sex hair before settling on the eyes, those huge goddamn eyes that were just as much a weapon as his angel blade. They blinked back at him for a few moments before raising a hand to stroke down Dean's cheek with the backs of his knuckles. Dean shivered at the gentle touch, his eyes falling shut for a second.
The rain couldn’t touch them in here.
The worst part had been that it made him question everything he knew about his big brother. He began judging Dean’s worship of their father as weakness, as stupidity. He’d been
, that Dean saw Jack as a son.
"Yes it is!" the boy exclaimed viciously, though his anger didn't seem directed at Cas, "if not for me you never would've made that deal!"
Castiel let out a sound that was pure relief and he had to take a deep breath to steady himself. He felt his knees actually tremble and Jack stepped forward, looking concerned. Castiel held up a hand to him, asking him to wait as he turned his head to the side in a strange show of privacy. He had picked up some strange human habits over the years.
“No, no. It’s fine.” Lauren waved his sympathy away. “No one else asks to tell you the truth. No need with a town this size, but still… might be nice, you know?”
"As long as we don't make a habit of it," Castiel said, "I wouldn't want to be responsible for giving your brother an aneurysm."
he could talk Dean down.
Cas' jaw clenched and Dean knew he'd gone too far, or gotten too close to the truth. Cas strode over to the discarded angel blade and snatched it up, turning it hilt-first towards Dean, pressing it into his hand before he could react. The angel's eyes were fire, staring him down, not giving an inch. "You want a choice? You want to be in control? Take it, make your choice, Dean. Do you want me happy, or do you want me alive? Those are your options, those are your
, I fell for
"Listen to me, I'm freaking out like a twelve-year-old. I just wanna say… I mean, I guess I'm asking-"
It was only a ten minute drive to the hotel and during that time the others updated him on this Isla and her store. He had to admit, it was pretty genius. He wondered how many witch hideouts they’d passed without looking twice. Probably more than any hunter should be comfortable with, judging by Dean’s expression, but now that he thought about it, it was only logical. What better way to hide than the kind of store no hunter would ever think to go in? Plus, although not every witch was evil, all practising witches had a similar hunger to prove themselves. They could do that with a successful business just as well as with a fearsome reputation.
He trudged over to Sam, who pointed to what had clearly been a bonfire, hidden from the road by the trees. This must be the Nook; there were abandoned liquor bottles and beer cans, plucked flowers long-since curled up and skeletal brown, a couple of condom wrappers and even a few half-burned candles, wax tears frozen along their sides. Around the bonfire the grass had edged away, leaving a plain dirt buffer between it and the balanced sticks, evidence of years of use; though not all the way around, he noticed. In some sections the grass was still burnt black, curling away but not yet betrayed enough to retreat.
had dragged him back in, because
"Cas?"
Another weak pulse filtered through Michael's grace, so faint that Castiel almost thought he'd hoped it into being, but there was no mistaking when something flickered in those green eyes before Michael wrestled it down again, regaining his unflappable mask.
“Yeah.”
"He also stole my grace, caused all the angels to fall
“I thought that everything broken between us would stay broken. I thought that you were gone and I would never get the chance to fix it, to say everything that needs to be said. I can’t feel that again, man. I was—” He shook his head, unable to say in words how the despair had gripped him, how the secret hope that he had carried around inside him for a future that he never let himself think about, that he had been terrified of wanting, had been snuffed out. He didn’t know how to say those things.
Castiel tightened his grip on the man in his arms, hot tears mingling with the rain on his face as he felt himself shatter a little more with each broken plea. He was supposed to be Dean's guardian, supposed to protect him, but he couldn't even offer him comfort. After a few moments of listening to Dean's laboured gasps, Castiel began to hum, the first strains of Fade to Black rumbled in his throat, partially because it had been on the radio during the drive here, partially because he remembered Dean telling him once after a particularly strained hunt that Metallica calmed him down. Castiel remembered because Dean had switched the music from Led Zeppelin and he'd been curious about the change.
The woman sat at the desk was dark-skinned, her hair swept up in a complicated looking twist on top of her head. She looked around fifty, though among witches that didn’t necessarily mean anything. A kindly smile lit up her face but there was something shrewd in her eyes that reminded him with a pang of Missouri Mosley, the kind of eyes that always saw more than you expected them to. That kind of look had always made Dean uncomfortable, but on Missouri at least he’d never immediately thought
what with all the echoing tile and the lack of natural light and long, suffocating hallways. Everything in it was built for function and there was very little to make living there even a tad more pleasant.
Castiel shook his head, sending shining beads of water flying from his hair, which was plastered to his scalp, "Let me show you." he said, reaching desperately for Michael's hand. "I can show you. Look into my memories, see him the way I do. He's
"Dean, there are over a dozen cars in there," Sam complained, though he did start helping Dean clear the table, "you won't be able to do much tonight."
Cas had said that they were real. He had said it with such fierce certainty that it set Dean's brain spinning. How was he so
Dean's eyes were back on his now, there was no bravado in them, no joke tucked away. They were flat and serious and determined.
"You're wrong."
“So eat, drink and celebrate, my friends! To another year of prosperity!” Charlie finished, raising the goblet before her, waiting until everyone else followed suit and echoed her before taking a long drink. The wine was sweet and fruity and flowed over her tongue like the promise of summer. She then sat on the padded seat of her throne and motioned for Led to fill up a plate for her before sitting at her side so they could enjoy the feast together.
"Are you trying to punch your way through?" Dean asked, half-incredulous, half-impressed. He'd also probably be a little turned on if he had any blood to spare.
It was around half eight when Dean reached over to switch on a lamp.
“Yeah?”
It did…
"I'm not Gandalf," she'd complain every year, but she never once refused and always insisted on staying to watch and soak up all credit for how spectacular it inevitably was.
He twisted the cap off the bottle of Johnnie Walker and flicked it across the room, the constant thrumming tug in his gut calming as he took a long, hearty swig, swallowing through the burn, suppressing the need to cough until he was done drinking, then feeling the whiskey heat claw its way back up his throat like smoke. He still remembered that sensation, he didn't think he'd ever forget it. Maybe that was why he drank whiskey, trying to replace one with the other.
“What? That our dear Castiel is shtupping the other-worlder? Maybe. Goodness knows the poor man deserves to have some fun.”
"And the others?"
Dean waved a dismissive hand, "Eh, he's walked in on me doing worse."
"You're not drinking." Cas reminded him. "Can you-" he hesitated, then cleared his throat.
"Thanks, Cas," he whispered, "I think I really needed to hear that."
"Of course I-" Castiel stopped, then looked at the pity in Jack's face as the full meaning of his words hit him like a train careening off its tracks. Jack didn't mean that Castiel loved Dean like family, although he did, he loved Dean in that way too.
"If he's so incompatible, let him go."
That had been his fate and he had accepted it as much as he could, choosing to push down the terror, living it only in his nightmares. There was no point in doing otherwise, it was gonna happen whether he wanted it or not, written in Death's book in neat lines, the only version of the future that said Michael didn't tear down the world along with him.
She looked over the tight lines of Dean’s face, at the scowl that anyone who didn’t know him might attribute to grumpiness, the absent look to his eyes as though he was stuck in his own thoughts.
"Yeah?"
"You're awesome, buddy," he told Jack after the boy revealed that he'd saved the last slice of pie for him,
And then there was Thanksgiving, which had quickly become Castiel's favourite holiday. In between hunts and visiting friends the three of them would find a day; the morning would be dedicated to a small swapping of gifts and watching movies; Dean would go all out on the Thanksgiving meal, complete with pumpkin pie naturally, and after eating (because the brothers were too impatient to wait and there always leftovers for later anyway) they would each recite a list of ten things that they were thankful for and the reasons why. It was important that they make a list, without one it was all too easy to fall back on the generic things. Castiel knew that each brother added to and edited their lists throughout the year and he did the same, there was something truly special about bringing back a moment thought forgotten.
“Possibly monsters of all kinds with extra juice.” Rowena added, “I doubt it’ll only be the vampires.”
He’d got a few texts from Sam since he left. An apology for whatever Dean had said, an invitation to call, but he hadn’t responded. He wasn’t sure he could face hearing Sam’s voice, his sympathy; it would be too easy to fool himself into thinking that Sam actually cared and that he wasn’t just being kind.
"Can we even give him that anymore? This place hardly feels safe, and
Dean swallowed. “And if I don’t wish it?”
Cas dropped Dean's hand guiltily, glad that Dean's human eyes wouldn't be able to see his blush. Damn, he should have sensed Dean starting to wake, but he'd been so calmed himself by the sound of his steady breathing, by the minute movements he made that he just hadn't noticed.
"How do I open the door?"
?! Oh, thank God." Sam let out a shallow breath when Dean groaned and blinked, scowling his confusion, he slid the .45 from under his pillow,
The whole hallway was hazy with smoke and Dean coughed as he left the safety of his room, his eyes stinging. Sammy’s door was open, it was the only one that was, so he made his way towards it.
“Right. Yeah. No, we can leave now, meet at the bunker...” he checked his watch, “maybe by two? Right. No, that’s okay. Thanks, Jody. Okay. You too. Bye.”
Cas clenched his jaw in disgust. If the sheriff knew everybody in town then he’d known all of the victims, but instead of trying to prevent more death he was acting as though it wasn’t his concern. He wondered just how many suicides it would take for this man to even begin an investigation.
Dean let himself be flustered for three seconds, let himself melt a little at the sensation of feeling protected, of the ease with which Cas had made the gesture, as though it was their routine. He hoped that it could be, he really did.
“Either way, I don’t like it,” Sam gritted out. “And I know I’m not gonna feel safe until we’ve searched every room of this place.”
“Okay, if you’re just gonna snip at me about Cas then shut up. He’ll come back when he wants to and that’s all there is to it.”
that came after it just to make the room, and taking them all off gave him the opportunity to dust down the shelves too. It was far more practical this way.
Ouch. That stung.
"Good," Castiel said lightly, "because I plan on doing that a lot."
," The word flicked from his tongue like something filthy, "Isn't. What you feel is merely a fabrication of forced connection. You call it love because that's the only word the bond translates into that you can stomach. Obsession would be more accurate, or shackle."
Dean froze, Sam looked over expectantly, as if waiting for Dean to start singing his feelings like he was in a damn musical.
Sam looked at him, pushing some stray hair back from his face and tucking it behind his ear.
Dean had tried to teach him how to cook, years ago, before he left for Stanford, but whatever
“Had to be him. They were the only two out here that night. Maybe they’d just finished the hunt and he didn’t need the help anymore.”
to try on half the store,
"What?"
. The last thing he remembered before waking up here was throwing down a few dollar bills onto a sticky bar top and standing to leave. He supposed this thing must have caught him on the way out. He didn’t remember seeing her in the bar.
"No." He said, staring at his red-sodden hands. He tried to push his grace into them but nothing happened, his grace was the tiniest of dust motes whirling inside of him, barely enough to make him angel, not enough to save Dean. "No!"
Sam felt tears begin to well in his own eyes. “I don’t hate you,” he mumbled. “I’m mad right now but I could never hate you, Dean.”
. Sam thought. This creature that knew only pain wanted him to die screaming. It wanted to tear pieces from him and devour his agony. It—
“No, he’s just repressed,” Rowena said sweetly.
“Yeah, I get that.”
“Sam, I’m perfectly capable—”
“No,” Sam said, chancing another step forward, this time the other didn’t retreat. “But at least for me it’s a choice.”
Sam’s answering smile was a little sad. “Even if I end up killing you?”
than fight."
. He shouldn't need to feel like he's the responsible one. As for accepting him… I'm trying, Cas, I really am, but if I'm being totally honest, I'm a little afraid of him. Especially lately. I mean, he seems fine but then sometimes he'll get this look… like he's wondering what would happen if just opened a portal in the middle of the kitchen or turned me to dust or something."
in his shoulder before he felt it, but that was fine, that was like a headache, it wasn’t a touch.
Cas put a finger in his book and closed it, giving his full attention to the brothers.
them. Already, terribly. It felt like grief, like defeat, like surrender; it felt like he had made it through the final God-created apocalypse only for his world to collapse anyway.
"But we had some good ones, didn't we?" Cas murmured through the door. "Like the time I first made you laugh in that brothel? And when we…"
Her final death was objectively the worse one; it was still raw, and caused not by a demon or some other creature but by
that feeling and he hadn't felt it at all since he got back, because Cas had been way too busy to come and mother him. But he was here now, and he was asking Dean for the truth.
himself in one move. Chuck had wanted them both to die and Dean had been happy to play along. Even knowing that Dean had been manipulated didn’t help; considering all of Dean’s speeches about how family was the most important thing and that they could face anything together, he hadn’t even hesitated to set himself on a path to cleave their family in half. It felt like a betrayal of something core to Castiel’s existence, something that Dean had planted there in the first place.
"Don't hurt him anymore."
“But only if you’re ready,” Sam said quickly. “We can handle this if you need more time. Honestly, other than hunting going haywire not much has really changed. We still have no clue what to do next, so actually gathering intel is probably most important right now. We need to know if this is just a few weird apples or if the whole tree’s mutated, you know?”
and would only be certain to eat that one thing if he had so much as a sniffle) but he didn’t really enjoy the process. If left to his own devices, he would rather snack throughout the day on salads and fruit and make use of the state of the art juicer than have three squares. He certainly didn’t have the patience that Dean did for trial and error. He was a perfectionist by nature and didn't like making mistakes. He disliked the potential waste of it. Seeing Dean throw things out as failed experiments hurt him, maybe because of that one time when they were kids and Sam had woken up in the middle of the night to find Dean eating stale bread rolls from the trash, having skipped his own share of dinner by pretending he wasn't hungry for the second night in a row.
He hit the bottom stair and impassively surveyed the mess. Young Sam’s body was still there, bits of him anyway. He inhaled deeply and found that the smell no longer repulsed him the way it had when he’d opened the door. The blood and other gore was dry now, soaked into the cement floor. A small part of him was disgusted, but the rest of him now relished the destruction. He didn’t glance back up to the balcony where the angel waited. He wasn’t here to kill the angel, but he itched to. Instead he had other important work to do, a little lesson to teach. He continued walking, entering the dark corridor that led to the rest of the bunker, listening intently for any sign of his prey.
The footsteps stopped and then there was a loud
That was the thought that really dug its claws into the meat of his guilt. They had murdered innocent people possessed by angels and demons enchantments without hesitation in order to save others; or, as seemed to have been the case for years now, because it was less convenient than taking the time to rattle off an exorcism or an angel-banishing spell. Somewhere along the way they had come to see those people as the disposable meat suits that the beings hijacking their will did. It was so much easier to consider everyone with black eyes or an angel blade or a set of fangs as a monster, but when it was one of
Dean glanced between his brother, Cas and the back seat of the Muntz Jet, where Jack was still half-hanging out the window.
They stayed up for a while longer, talking about nothing, keeping far away from anything heavy that would disrupt the tentative peace of the evening. After an hour or so Sam bowed out, flipping his glass and bidding them goodnight.
But he hadn't done this since the day before he said yes and he'd been drowning ever since.
He watched the fire, the patterns it made, entranced. Fire had a strange, ethereal beauty that he had never had much time to contemplate, or at least, not since he had discovered that things like this were worth contemplating. The flames danced in the bowl, heating the brass to a dangerous orange.
