Dean surprised the closest two soldiers, jabbing one in the throat, and savagely kicking the knee out from under the other. The throat jabbed victim wouldn’t let go of his gun, so Dean held and forced his hand to shoot his fellow soldier, before turning it back on him and shooting him too. Now armed, Dean’s head snapped up when a soldier called down from the next flight of stairs. Dean whipped around and shot him in the head. Another called from the lower flight of stairs. Dean jumped clean down the flight, shooting while flying through the air. He shot again as he landed and rolled. Another guy came running up the stairs, and Dean calmly shot him too. He stood, hopping, looking around to survey his handiwork.
Dean panted, leaning back against the low wall. “Beats whatever the hell’s gonna come through that door.”
Crowley stopped his kissing with a disgusted look on his face, clutching the dog bag to his chest. “Smells like arse in here.”
They were close to Coventry before Dean spoke again. “So, got any family, Gabey? Any loved ones or… siblings perhaps?”
Cas and Dean moaned and groaned as they rolled over, standing gradually, looking at their ruined vehicle.
“Dean…?” Cas’ voice sounded hoarse and filled with pain. Dean leaned down for a brief hug of relief, then pulled back to look at Cas properly.
[[[[[his lips made their way along Dean’s cheek and nose to his mouth. He avoided it very obviously for a moment, drawing a small laugh from Dean, before he pressed their lips together tenderly.]]]]]]
“And nighty night.” Cas dropped his hands, not giving one fuck about Dean, tossing the now empty magazine over his shoulder, using a nearby towel to wipe his face. “Dean motherfucking Winchester. What the fuck, Gabriel!?”
Gabriel nodded, squeezing his hand. “We have gotta get some morphine into you more often, baby bro, you haven’t been this chatty and giggly in—“ Gabriel was interrupted by Dean, knocking into him unceremoniously in his haste. “Sorry, Gabe. Cas! You okay? You mustn’t have lost that much blood, huh? Bleeding is inefficient, wasn’t that what you said?” He checked Cas over critically, peeking at the gunshot wound, accidentally poking the forehead nail wound too hard.
“See that? That’s a boy scout salute. We’re sworn to never lie. I’ve taken an oath. So you can trust me.”
The water cooler was being held up by Garth the IT guy as usual. That boy always looked slightly unwell, heaven knows how considering how much water he got through. Dean suspected he only wanted the gossip and connection with his co-workers. Garth gave him a little wave as Dean nodded his greetings while he passed by. He only just narrowly avoided the hat that would have collided with his nose as it was thrust into his face.
“The only way for the country to progress is by eradicating the scourge of genocide blackening our country and our livelihood.” Chuck’s voice cracked in amusement towards the end. “I appreciate your modesty.”
“Just a couple of bumps, we’re on our way.” Cas was finishing dressing, kitted out in a new light grey suit with white shirt and thin black tie, having long given up on trying to tame his hair.
His attention was grabbed by Rasputin on the other side, who had dragged up a machine that looked like a doctored hospital defibrillator. Cas could hear the ominous hum as it was turned on. Rasputin cranked the dial all the way up. The awful hum grew louder. Cas began to feel nervous.
Cas’ chest heaved, he slumped back onto the wall with shaky legs. He didn’t know how to speak anymore. Dean gently pulled the remainder of Cas’ shirt over and off his shoulders, kicking off his pants and shoes in the process. Dean then bent and picked up Cas easily, carrying him into the room, laying him carefully on the bed. Cas controlled his breathing as Dean undressed fully, climbing up over Cas, draping himself along him. Cas could feel Dean’s heavy aching cock along his leg, which Dean completely ignored. Instead, he lay across Cas, holding him in a sweet hug. Dean sighed happily, cuddling up to Cas, head buried in his neck, content after all this time to just be near his love. Dean’s fingers traced along Cas’ chest. Cas wrapped his arms around him, holding him tightly. “I really fucking missed you, Cas. I love you so much. I want to make you feel that good all the time. If you’ll have me.”
Nobody cared but Dean kept singing anyway. Cas had his back turned, arms outstretched with Sam making small adjustments to the costume. On hearing Dean, Cas turned around. Dean both stopped breathing and singing, his voice petered off in a gurgling squeak. Cas looked DAMN good in an Eastwood get up. Although Cas had been clean shaven, Sam had applied a bit of dark make up around his face to give the illusion of face scruff. Dean barely registered Cas' eyes widening as they both took in the full views on offer, oblivious to anything else. Thank god for that blessed satchel as Dean had an instant boner. Cas was having similar difficulty himself. Dean looked very very well as Indiana Jones. He even had a whip! At least the loose blanket was helping with his own erection. Neither noticed that Sam had to turn around to keep his shit eating grin to himself.
Dean rounded a corner, and had somehow been found by Alastair’s second vehicle, who immediately began firing on him. Cas was on the opposite bank. He casually leaned back, returning their fire. This continued to the end of the block, where Dean zipped through a tunnel again.
As he stood and looked around at his work, he switched off the lights. There were carved pumpkins lighting all over the Bunker, about 15 in all. Once he had exhausted all of the traditional Halloween faces and symbols for his carving, he cut some sigils, pentagrams and Enochian letters, just for fun. There were ghost and pumpkin headed lights snaked around the doors, up the pillars and trailing in long streams from wall to wall. A basin full of apples was prepped and ready. He had baked Halloween shaped cookies of various types and made candy apples which were lovingly arranged on the table. The Bunker smelled like diabetes, but he was sure Dean would like them. Always a child at heart. The collection of classic horror DVDs in residence waited next to the DVD player. He had acquired a lot of beer, whiskey and purple nurples, also carefully arranged on the already heaving table. Someone would sure as hell need it, depending on how the night went. And for Sam's finishing touch, he had laid the costumes out on their respective beds.
Castiel didn't know, but he nodded anyway, guiding Dean slowly towards his room. He could hear Sam and Charlie speaking quietly in the library to one another, whispering like they were telling secrets. It made him smile.
Dean sinks further into the couch, a stupid grin on his face. Cas is gonna come home, and they're gonna talk. That part will suck, probably, but Dean's already formulating what he wants to say to Cas. And when that's over, he's gonna take all those weeks of aching and wanting and staring and give Cas the best lay of his fucking life. Even if it kills him, by God he's gonna do it.
With a breath that was more sob than exhale, he nodded, and gathered strength he did not have. "Okay."
He should probably text Cas at some point. Strictly business, just to check in, see if he made it to Breckinridge okay. That's a normal thing to do. It makes his heart pound just thinking about it, though. What if he doesn't respond? Cas isn't above giving him the silent treatment when he's in the right mood. And Cas hasn't called or texted
"Nothing's going on," he replies, wincing at how bright the sun is. He should've brought sunglasses. And why the fuck was the grass so green? Corpses don't care about that shit. "You need help, we're here to take care of it. Simple as that."
"It's my fault," Charlie interjected, hands shoved in the pockets of her jeans. "Dean was helping me clear out the room, and those guys—one of them saw the thing on his arm. He said he wanted Dean—"
Something slid into place. The words came out of his mouth, measured and calm, but his hands shook with the effort of speaking. "I've lived for thousands of years, Dean," he whispered. "Not once have I ever allowed someone to touch me the way… the way you did. I don't have the words to impress upon you the effect it's had on me." Even now, Castiel had difficulty processing it. The memory of the scrapyard, of Dean's mouth and warmth and radiance pressed against him, was so achingly vivid that it took every century of discipline he could muster not to linger on it until he drove himself mad with want. "I have visited a great many Heavens," he told Dean, who was finally looking at him again. "And compared to your company, I find them lacking. So I avoid Paradise—because I don't trust myself to have the strength to leave again."
"You're still here," he said, sounding mildly surprised, expression unreadable. "Figured you'd flown off."
"I needed to get outta the house anyway." Not that it's helped much. If Jody noticed anything, she's good at keeping it to herself. It wasn't like they were doing anything improper in the truck, anyway. His chest tightens.
"It's okay," he whispered, just as breathless, hand still working up and down the length of his erection. He could feel his shirt sticking to his back with sweat. "You're good, Cas, you're so good—"
"You are funny," it says again, tilting its head as it appraises him. The mimic isn't as good as he thought, after all. He wants to correct the guy on his mannerisms, because that's not how he moves, but that isn't going to help his case. "We're in the sewers."
Angels did not need sleep, but Castiel did his best to try. There was no way to escape reality in full; he couldn't shut down his higher order self without permanently damaging it, but he could quiet it down, make it pass through the eye of the needle that was his faltering and broken vessel. It suspended him in a state of para-consciousness. He was aware of himself, aware of the cell and his destroyed wings and his agonised body, and yet he was able to ignore it. Spacetime became fuzzy, difficult to monitor as he had done for millennia. It was a much less pleasant version of being intoxicated.
a bed, which gives Dean a pretty decent head start. It's easy enough to imagine leaning over and kissing Cas' jaw, sliding a hand across his chest and settling it on his bicep like it was a specially crafted handhold just for Dean. Cas would make a very specific noise, deep and thrumming and low in his throat, whenever Dean did that kind of shit, a noise that guarantees he's getting laid. And Cas would be on him in no time, holding him down against the mattress, sucking hickeys into his neck, working his fly loose, shoving his jeans off like they're on fire. Cas fucks like a man on death row, like every time is going to be the last time he ever touches Dean and nothing in all of Creation is going to pull him away. He wonders if that's his fault, that Cas feels like he's always on the verge of losing him, and then shoves that away for later. No interruptions.
"I can, uh." Dean pulled a hand away to glance at the blood on it, then caught Castiel when he began to list sideways. "Whoa, easy. I can make one of those Enochian Angel-B-Gone things, blast you out of here."
"Uh—" Charlie stalls, dragging the word out way longer than necessary. The stare she's giving him is one he doesn't care for at all, but there's nowhere else to look, and he can't really unload the gun he just put on the table between them.
It's so stupid the way his face flushes, like this is the first time Cas has ever expressed a desire to be with him—Christ, the guy told him he loved him earlier, Dean still can't fucking believe that—but he's going full tomato all the same. "You held off for like ten years," Dean says, shifting his weight on his elbow. It's not the most comfortable position, but he doesn't want to stop looking at Cas just yet.
This is normal too, he thinks. And right, and not wrong. Maybe nothing is wrong after all. He's doing laundry with Cas and they're staring at each other a lot, and there's no weird tension in the air aside from the usual kinds he always feels around Cas. It's not unpleasant, just intense. So what if it's been a while since they had sex. That happens to people all the time.
"I'm right here," Cas assures him from somewhere nearby, but Dean's head is too heavy and he's moved out of his line of sight, so Cas may as well be back with the Host for all the good it did him. Maybe Dean should tell him they'll have sex again. He wouldn't leave an offer like that on the table, would he? No sane man would. He's a great lay.
"Eventually," he said with a sigh. Realising he had been standing there doing nothing, he began collecting papers together, tidying the table. Weeks of work was piled atop the heavy wooden surface, and he saw both Dean and Sam's writing scribbled across all of it. He imagined the nights they had sat at this table together, desperately reading through books and journals, looking for answers. It made something deep inside him ache.
Dean ignores the both of them as he goes to the trunk and grabs their shit. It takes him a minute to realise that Eileen's car is parked in the garage, too, and he doesn't know how to feel about that. Sam is home, which is a definite bonus, but he's also about to have an audience for the impending shitshow. And Sam is great at being a peanut gallery.
Cas looks up, and he realises A) what the fuck he's about to say and B) he has no idea how to finish that sentence. Where the hell would they go, exactly? How do you impress a (former) angel with, well, anything? And on a first date, no less?
"Yeah, I'm good," he says casually, as if he's not lapping that shit up like a kitten. Definitely a good thing they aren't in touching range. If Cas so much as laid a hand on his arm right now, he'd faint.
Castiel tried to sleep. He drifted, away from the pain and away from the confines of the cell. He searched his memories, looking for ones that were quiet and comfortable. Safe. He couldn't remember the last time he felt safe; he couldn't remember the last time he even hoped to one day feel that way. Eventually Castiel settled on nothing, and drifted quietly in its soft lack.
Jonah wasn't torturing him today, and Castiel suspected his superiors had told him to lay off—dead angels were not very good intelligence assets. He seemed more at ease as a consequence, though he paced the length of the cell, unable to be still.
"Honey, you don't look so good," Jody says, and he decides then that he much prefers Charlie's yelling over Jody's concerned mom-voice.
"Such a good lay that I'm ruining your life," Dean finished for him, mouth twitching in amusement. "Got it."
It's pushing ten in the morning when Dean takes the elevator down and walks back outside, skirting around to the parking lot, where he spots Cas sitting at the top of the rental truck's ramp, boots planted firmly on the steel, face upturned to the sky.
"Mm." Dean pushed his sunglasses up his nose as he dragged his head up, turning his face away from the stovetop light. "Maybe."
He meets her eyes. She's pissed, like incredibly pissed, and there's something else there, too. A wariness he hasn't seen before, like she isn't fully sure she's looking at the genuine article. Or, maybe, she does know it's him, she just doesn't know him as well as she thought. Man, he's really racking up wins in the trust department today.
"Fuck me," he manages to get out, because Cas still looks a little apprenhesive, and he's rewarded for his efforts when the hand Cas has on his dick slips down, brushing his balls, before his fingers slide to Dean's ass. He shudders at the contact.
He was accustomed to being a shadow in the street, in the field and at sea. Watching silently, without intervention or input. Rarely, when required of him, he would intercede on human affairs, mostly during times of war. He had enjoyed the honour of such a task, even if managing human relationships in between battles exhausted and confounded him.
"I was thinking about you," Dean said impatiently. "I don't know. I wanted to—make you feel good, help you relax."
Inside the apartment, Alex is arranging boxes into neat piles, trying not to get in the way of the furniture. She smiles when she sees them and points them down the hall towards the bedroom.
It bothers him that he's not more bothered by it. It bothers him how much the prospect makes his heart swell.
"Maybe we should… take him to the hospital," Sam said after a moment, frowning at the wound. "It looks deep."
Something warm and crackling sets up camp low in the pit of Dean's stomach, feeling much the same way a few fingers of good whiskey does. He tries to figure out how the hell to respond to that in a way that doesn't involve curling up in Cas' lap like a cat when Cas holds his hand up and frowns at it. There's a stray swipe of sauce on his thumb, which he removes by slipping the digit into his mouth. It's only for a moment, his lips puckering around his thumb, but when he takes it out, he's looking directly at Dean.
"It's okay if you feel that way," she says gently, her expression turning kind, and Dean absolutely cannot be dealing with this right now. "Not that it's a good thing, or anything, but it's pretty common. And if Cas is the first time you've—"
"How'd you find me, anyway?" he asks her eventually, raising his leg and inspecting the fresh stitches and heavy bandages around his calf. He's gonna have a dent in his leg for a while, probably, but all things considered, a flesh wound isn't so bad.
The couch in Bobby's office, when not covered in a shitload of books, was an optimal place for a nap. Dean was working up to one now, hidden from the glare of the afternoon sun by his jacket tucked around his head. Bobby, sitting behind his desk with his nose in Sam's laptop, had seemingly forgotten Dean was there, a state of affairs he intended to keep in order. All he had to do was lay very still and not snore too loud.
Cas' mouth twitches as he moves further into the room, grabbing the back of Dean's desk chair and wheeling it around. "Most of the takeout containers you use for storage are either cracked or melting in the dishwasher," Cas explains, sitting down with a sigh. He's got a fair amount of dust smeared across his t-shirt and his jeans, some of it in the shape of fingerprints where he's carelessly wiped his hands on his clothes. A streak of what looks like grease is smeared along his forearm, weighing down the fine hairs and colouring them black.
They got ready for bed. Dean left momentarily to brush his teeth, and Castiel cleaned up the mess on his floor. He folded his coat and jacket up, placing them on Dean's chair, and set the pile of postcards atop his desk.
The weeks dragged on. More jobs piled up, more freak sightings of things that shouldn't be on this side of the Atlantic, much less in Bumfuck, Ioha. It meant they relied on Bobby more than usual to track down information on what they were hunting, and Dean held more facts in his head about Transcaucasian folklore than any man should have a right to. It seemed to excite and concern Sam in equal measure; he was obsessed with being prepared, even more than usual, and discovering weird shit to hunt meant doing countless hours of research in new sections of the library. It was fucking annoying, mostly, and usually pointless, but Dean had to admit he'd missed seeing Sam dork out like this.
"No," Cas says a little defensively, sliding the book out of Dean's reach. "I don't know yet, actually. I'm mostly just…."
"I think she's—" Cas pauses to suck in air, the lines of his face severe from the bright wash of Sam's phone flashlight, still leaning against the headstone. His fingers squeeze around the grip of the shotgun in his hands. "I think she's gone for now."
"Wow," Dean says sincerely as he steps into the kitchen, following Cas to the (immaculately clean) counters. "Bang-up job in here." The stove is free of grease splatter, the cupboards have all been wiped down, the floor is spotless, and the sink is empty. He winces as he dumps the plates into it.
Jonah didn't ask him about Metatron again for a while. Angels were patient, but they were not very resilient; continually coming up against obstacles that prevented them from fulfilling their orders caused a great deal of anguish, and Jonah was unused to such complications.
"He's a know-it-all." The last round of vomiting seemed to have alleviated some of his nausea. He shifted on the ground, rearranging the weak tangle of his legs, and his face pressed into Castiel's shoulder. The breath escaped him in something more exhausted than a sigh. It made Castiel's gut twist unpleasantly at the sound, and thoughtlessly, he tightened his arms around Dean.
"Right, yeah." Dean searches the gravel at his feet, hoping to find some answers there. "Well, I'm sorry I lied to you about it. That wasn't cool. I didn't want you to worry, and Jody called me all panicked about the case, so I figured I could take care of it and get back in time before you were in Kansas again."
"That was before, when any intimacy with you was only ever theoretical." Cas' eyes sweep over him, soft, adoring, and he meets his gaze with a wry tilt of his mouth. "But to know how it felt to be with you, and then not be able to touch you…."
he wouldn't be so dumb as to let some guy leave hickeys on his neck. Dean knows all that. He checks anyway. At least Cas is still coming back to the bunker. Who knows how long that'll last.
tell him I said this to you, 'cause he'll just get mad, but—I don't know. He's really touchy about people leaving sometimes. I think he gets it in his head they're leaving him specifically. You just happened to push that button in him. I don't think it's personal."
"We can't wait!" Dean downs more of his water as he paces the room, wishing it was beer. Amateur hour. At least he doesn't feel like he's gonna hurl. Maybe he should hit something.
"Unbelievable," he muttered, shoving away from the truck and fumbling for his belt and zipper. His face flushed hot all over again, and shame coursed through him at how little relief the palm of his own hand offered.
He didn't realise just how bad he had it until now. It's one thing to ogle your best friend for a decade before asking the guy out for coffee. It's another to actually sleep with him, to know what he sounds like when he comes, what he looks like naked, how agonisingly
"Come—come with me," Cas says breathlessly, tugging them up from the wall. He's pulling away, mission abort, but the hand clamped around Dean's arm is tight, more certain than anything Dean's ever felt in his life.
"Raphael couldn't accept that the Apocalypse had not come to pass," Castiel told him, letting his eyes slip closed. His jaw clenched as he tried to concentrate on speaking clearly. "Many of us thought differently."
Jonah's face was contorted with effort, frustration. Perhaps a different tact would work better. "Please answer my original question. It will be useful in your understanding, I promise," Castiel added, noting Jonah's wary frown. "Whose directive do you follow?"
Sam shrugs, but he does a bad job of pretending like he isn't smiling. "She's got her own room here anyway. It wouldn't be all that different. This would just be—more official, I guess."
Castiel shouldered his way through, blade at the ready, and Sam and Dean followed behind him. His caution proved unnecessary; the fighting had resolved itself, and Castiel wandered through the aftermath with dread.
Cas still looks a bit dazed, like he's confused about what just happened, and Dean feels his face heat. "How are you, uh—" He gestures vaguely at him. "You alright? I mean aside from the hand thing. You doin' okay?"
Dean doesn't blame his choice of movie for the nightmares he has that night. He wasn't paying nearly enough attention to warrant that kind of subconscious response.
When he was finished, Castiel stood, power and light thrumming beneath his borrowed skin. His vessel, too, would need tending. He repaired only what was necessary—even with the aid of Jonah's Grace, the toll of reviving Dean and retracting his wings was heavy, and the fighting above them had not yet ceased. There was much work to be done.
"Not nearly as often as most monarchs would have you believe," Cas replies. "But in this instance, yes, since the king also happened to be a cardinal of the Catholic Church at the time. Henrique I was his name. Very annoying man." He chews thoughtfully, staring out at the lake.
"This is gonna really suck for like the next fifteen seconds," Dean said, ignoring him. "I'm sorry, I'll be fast."
"No," Cas agreed. He looked away. "Thank you for coming. I wouldn't have asked were it not necessary."
Castiel wracked his mind, trying to recall his conversations with Jonah; trying to think what part of them could possibly be of value to Bartholomew. He had given away nothing of Metatron's location, because he didn't know it; Jonah had never once asked him about which angels he commanded, where they were located, or the structure of his army—anything that would be of value in conducting warfare against Castiel's legion.
Cas continues to be infuriating by breathing quietly in his own bed. Dean stuffs his face deeper into the corner of the pillow, folding his arms underneath it. It's not like Cas never breathed when he was still an angel; he got pretty good at mimicking human mannerisms in his own weird way, which included inhaling and exhaling when the occasion called for it. But it had only ever been a performance. Now he's breathing because he needs to, and the soft, vulnerable hush of air in his throat and nose as he sleeps feels at once very close and too far away.
Cas’ hair was stuck up at all angles as he looked around at this improvised prison. He couldn’t make out the actual size of the room, as all visible sides were covered in a wall of thick but loose hanging plastic sheeting, with more space beyond. There was one entryway gap in the plastic right across from Cas’ seat. Long red lights stood around at intervals, some within the space, some lighting up the plastic from behind. A handful of the lights were blue. Then there was the large dentist light that stood over Cas’ right shoulder, almost blinding him when he turned to it. He opened his hands along his knees as he saw the two guys pull back the plastic and move outside.
Cas raised his eyebrows, turning his gaze to the car next to it. Dean followed his eyes, his face falling as Cas had clearly chosen the very non-Jaguar, very plain Ford next door. “Awh, no, Cas! Really?”
“We’re a couple minutes out.” Dean and Cas were driving down an elevated highway leading into the city. Dean didn’t like how exposed they were, but they didn’t have a choice with so little time left.
Dean frowned as he saw a car come up behind Cas and knock him clean off his motorbike. Cas was lifted onto the bonnet of the car with the force of the impact, and then slid unceremoniously off the car as it stopped dead. Cas landed heavily on top of his overturned bike. “Fuck!” He rolled over briefly before several hands hauled him up, bundling him into their vehicle.
Cas smiled at Dean, liking his enthusiasm. Dean smiled right back. They stared at each other for several seconds, smiles growing, until Cas’ food slid off his fork, breaking the moment when Cas jumped. He turned back to his meal, hoping the blush stayed off his face.
Dean's eyes were wide as he snapped out of it. A night of fun and games with his brother and Angel, he could get down with that. There was nowhere else he would rather be. Cas nodded eagerly, his head spun around, wondered what to do first.
Cas parked his silver Ford in the car park of a sleepy B&B. He opened the boot to retrieve his things. “They’ll have identified the car with the traffic cameras by now.”
Thank you so very much for sticking with me throughout this journey! Skippable smut in the epilogue, and there is a beautiful image from the crazy talented SirCatherine in this chapter. It's FABULOUS, enjoy!
Dean pulled the calf over his shoulder, catching the other knee to pull that leg out wide, trusting Cas’ flexibility. Dean lined his cock up to Cas’ waiting entrance. “So disappointing! However shall I distract you?”
“My first contract, I was, I don’t know, 15, 16. There was a guy that broke into a church late one stormy night, but the preacher was still there. So he told the guy look, you don’t have to steal anything, just take whatever you want. But the dude wasn’t there for the loot, he was there to hurt somebody. So he slaughters the preacher, displays his body on the altar for his congregation to see. The bible says to never take revenge. To leave it to the Lord. Well, I wasn’t prepared to wait that long. So I waited in his back seat. Pop. One to the head. So when your moral compass gets around to pointing at me, then yeah. You’ll be pointing at one of the good guys.”
“Okay, three shooters, in a row, all lit up. So what do you want to do?” A rogue bullet hit near the puddle of fuel, with enough spark for the fuel to catch fire, unknown to Dean and Cas.
Cas stood back so Dean could get out of the car. “Well, you did think that cheap whiskey was piss.” Cas glared at him, pocketing his gun. “I was doing it to keep you safe, Cas. I was going to go straight to the Hague. Honest.”
He ran his fingers through his hair and heaved a big sigh. He was here already, and the time entry slot would soon close. He should just go into the haunted house alone to try and get into the Halloween spirit. There were kids here, it couldn’t be that bad. And it was Friday night after all, with Halloween itself tomorrow. His usual Friday night in front of Netflix suddenly didn’t feel so appealing.
Sweat pooled at the small of Cas’ back as he rode Dean ferociously, fucking him like his life depended on it. This was just what he needed. He felt along Dean’s chest, grabbing at him in passion. Dean was so turned on, he could barely move, just gaping with the pleasure Cas had coursing through him. He did manage to prop himself up on one elbow, hands moving to Cas’ ass while he caught his lips once more. Cas moaned appreciatively, gripping Dean’s arms.
Rasputin stared at him hungrily as he pulled on his own thick pair of rubber gloves. His gloved colleague was pulling a soaked towel from the bucket.
One car pulled forward, nudging up beside Dean’s right. It slammed into him, but Dean easily kept control with a few wheel turns. Dean cocked his head, looked back to the road while holding up a gun to the car and shooting out his passenger window. The driver gasped, leaning back. Dean’s bullet caught the passenger in the side of the head. The driver smashed through a small prefab, but was still very much in the game.
He turned to see shoes standing near him. He timidly crawled out from under the table, on the opposite side, his eyes barely coming up over the glass top. These eyes met Cas standing there calmly, appraising him.
“On the roof, you’re going to find another who’s gonna need some dental work.” Cas had taken advantage of the sniper’s distraction while he lined up his scope, savagely kicking him into the back of his knee from behind. He then picked up the dropped rifle and smashed him into the mouth, cable tying his hands to finish.
"My dear Garth, I'm afraid that he doesn't have a choice in this matter. He has already been entered and his name may have already been allotted. It would be terrible luck for him to mess with the sanctity of the beloved holiday tradition of Secret Santa."
The door opened but no sass followed it. Puzzled, Dean looked up and gave a little flinch. Cas was standing there nervously holding some prints. "I'm sorry to disturb you but…."
“I don’t give a fuck about all of that!” Dean’s face dropped into an angry expression again. “You fucked up when you first killed Benny, and then shot my Cas.”
While Dean showed his love and affection easily in his actions, he wasn’t big on words. Any expressed emotion vocally must have been monumental for him. Cas could understand that completely. He’d rather open a vein than have a heart to heart with Gabriel, but it had to be done, he had to make amends.
“I know what plethora means! It just doesn’t apply here. And not jumping off the top of a roof. That’s logical. Safe. Wearing a seat belt. Logical. Safe. Let me ask you something. How many times have you been shot?”
Jody continued. “You are going to be telling this story for years, Gabriel. From either inside a very large office, or a very small cell.”
Cas blinked slowly and Dean was gone, the bathroom door shutting softly behind him. Cas tried to process what he had just heard, but figured fuck-it, he’d try tomorrow after sleep. He lamented not being able to write anything down as he painstakingly went through the travel plan again in his head.
“I’ll make it real simple for you. If I stay near him, they’ll find him.” Gabriel began to gather up his jacket and things.
Dean leaned in to Cas’ disgusted face, ignoring their shaking straining arms. “Do you know how long I’ve been waiting for this?” Cas looked down, assuming a sudden ‘What The Fuck?’ expression. Dean smiled. “Oh no no, I’ve got a brother too, I know this game. I’m not gonna look.” Cas instead smiled evilly, meeting his eye. He then kicked Dean solidly in the bullet wound instead. “AH! Mother fucker!”
Dean took two suit bags carefully from her, zipping down each slightly to look inside. Absolutely perfect. Dean winked at Rowena, fist bumping her. “Add it to my tab? Let the team know my progress?”
At the main city hospital, a group of doctors in a foyer watched the chaos of the bomb on the news. One doctor peeled away from the group, picking up an intercom. “Emergency, it’s a local critical one situation. We need immediate air response.”
For those of you very familiar with the film, you might have noticed that I have changed the time frames somewhat, but I've kept it pretty close besides, just adding my own bits here and there. Thanks for joining me so far!
Dean watched Cas’ recovery through the photos and videos. The crutches gradually disappeared, his walk became less shuffling. Cas began to slowly look better after his multiple surgeries. His leg wound had been badly infected from the dirty shovel so healing was very slow, not that he could walk much with the bullet wound anyway. Dean was glad their whole makeshift family was looking after Cas so well. Rowena even popped up in the photos on a few visits, understanding that they all wanted to be near Dean even if they couldn’t all go to see him.
He was stopped mid-climb and mid-sentence by the collective loud gasp of the bus full of nuns. Everyone had heard him. Most already had their hands to their mouths in shock, just staring at Cas, who had turned bright red. Several blessed themselves.
The guy looked around, noticed Dean staring at him (Dean hadn't been quick enough to look away) gave a little grin and blush to himself as he continued looking around. As Dean came back to himself, he saw that Charlie and Garth appeared to not notice his open-mouthed lapse. Fantastic.
“Question for a higher power. Who is more wicked? He who kills evil motherfuckers? Or he who protects them?”
Once they had deemed enough time had passed to evade any suspicion or accusations of collusion, six months to be exact, things swung into motion. The little family took a trip to Cuba, ostensibly to set up a new company field office HQ there for any Latin America jobs that swung their way.
Lost to thoughts as he was, Cas almost missed his group call. He stepped up, smiling sadly at the staff member. “It’s just me.”
Zach stopped Gabriel at his desk as he gathered up his belongings, about to leave. Gabriel looked around, hissing in a terse whisper to Zach. “She’s making a mistake!”
Cas looked into the rearview mirror, locking eyes with his client. “Thank you for agreeing to an earlier departure time, Mr. Kurasawa. I’m honoured that you and your wives have entrusted a Triple A Protection Service today.”
Dean’s hands began sliding down and around, cupping Cas’ ass, pulling him in even closer to feel Dean’s hard erection. Cas’ eyes widened with a groan. Dean moved to Cas’ other ear, kissing up along his neck to reach it. “Wanna have some fun?” He pulled back to look between Cas’ eyes. Swallowing hard, Cas pressed his own erection into Dean’s thigh. Dean groaned, nodding. He took Cas by the hand, leading him towards the bathroom.
Dean leaned in close, pleading, looking between Cas’ eyes with tears in his own. “You’ll be all right, Cas. You hear me? You have to be. Okay? Stay with me!” Cas nodded.
Cas smiled, eyes trailing over Dean’s features. Dean felt a little mischievous. “You seem to be watching me an awful lot, Cas. Like what you see or something?” Dean smirked.
“Good.” Cas nodded sarcastically. “You should take him to the Hague then.” He flicked another card at Dean.
Cas shoved him away, scrambling up and pulling a display of filled tool boxes into Alastair’s way. Alastair stood and used both hands to remove the axe head from his middle. What the fuck was this guy wearing??? As soon as he had it out, Alastair got a hammer to the face. Cas picked up another and tossed it at his skull, but Alastair dodged this time, chasing Cas around the metal shelving.
“Thank you, ma’am.” Jody walked away, leaving Gabriel to smile to himself for a moment, until Kevin and Charlie locked arms with him on each side, forming a little three person circle, and began speaking with him quietly and rapidly.
Dean descended the stairs to the courthouse foyer, spotting Cas and Gabriel. He hurried over, giving Kevin and Charlie a subtle nod as he passed them.
Cas stared at him hard for a second, face crumbling into a soft smile. “You know, he’s gonna be right back with those cuffs, then that’s it. Last chance to run.”
He marvelled that Charlie and Kevin had already set up a new company with everyone as joint directors, Dean included. It was an executive protection company, of course. Once Dean knew they didn’t have any clients or jobs yet, meaning Cas wasn’t out in the field, he was all for it, aching to be back with them all.
The kitchen door opened again as Alastair stepped through. He immediately got the side edge of a large frying pan between the eyes. Alastair rubbed it in pain, glaring death at Cas. The first guy had just managed to step up from the grill again. Cas picked up a large metal tray. Alastair raised his gun and shot three times as Cas simultaneously held the tray up and pulled the first guy in front of him. Alastair managed to shoot his comrade through and through. The force threw Cas through the window, rolling backwards out onto the street.
Dean laughed to himself, turning in his chair to see Cas. He nodded his head towards Chuck in a “get a load of this guy” manner. But Cas didn’t see, as he was laser focused on Chuck. The noises of protest grew.
Cas’ eyes followed his finger, and he just nodded. He went to the door, but it opened up before he could touch the handle. Dean was mid-sentence, “Is that blood dude-“ He came face to face with Cas. Dean gasped loudly.
What the hell Winchester?? Dean snapped out of it. "Sorry, yes, hello!" He furiously shook his hand. He just knew that Castiel already thought he was a freak.
Outside, the police were going insane, running around in a tizzy. Several were shouting into radios, “Shots fired!” Heavily armed SWAT spilled out of vans, heading for the building. Cas and Dean ran up the flights of stairs, able to see the swarm of SWAT below them. They could hear helicopters overhead. Dean was almost a full flight behind Cas.
The agents erupted into action behind him, with even more spilling from the parked vehicles, but Cas didn’t move, couldn’t move, unblinking, stunned into utter disbelief.
The Russian moved like a coiled snake, punching Cas sharply into the side of his head. Cas immediately recoiled his shoulder up in pain, unable to do anything else. “Argh! Right in the fucking ear!”
Dean laughed as he took a swig from a hip flask. “Played by the big brother heartstrings. Happens to the best of us, man. Sort of like how Agent Novak took you from here, to here, to here.” Dean mimicked Cas’ hand movements from earlier.
He shook his head in terror. Cas nodded back at him insistently, face crazed, the whites of his eyes wide. “Yes!” Cas pulled harder on the chain.
Charlie rolled her eyes. "I said that this is Castiel. Castiel, this is Dean. I'm sure it's his pleasure to make your acquaintance."
Just then, a bullet flew through the window, hitting Kurasawa right between the eyes. He dropped immediately. The two wives screamed. Cas instantly stood shock still, staring at the scene as his smile slowly fell to a pained expression. His ears began to ring.
Cas nodded stiffly, arms aching as he strained against Dean’s hold. Dean pressed a quick kiss to Cas’ lips, laughing as Cas chased him again, but this time actually pouting and glaring at Dean when he got out of reach. “Fuck! I’ve even missed that look too, Sunshine. But let’s see what this does.”
Cas then felt a twinge in his calf, his old injury from the shovel making its displeasure known. Cas stopped with a grimace of pain, rubbing the offending muscle harshly. “Prick.”
The other agents whipped open the side door, which was now angled directly upwards, and returned fire to the balconies. Once clear, they climbed up and out, joining the fight. Gabriel still rolled on the floor in a daze.
Gabriel nodded sarcastically. They passed a loud construction site. A rogue skip hitting the ground caused Cole to flinch and look about. Dean laughed. “Relax, motherfucker. If you hear the shot, it wasn’t meant for you.”
“A rough patch??” Cas laughed hysterically. “A three hundred pound investment banker’s ass exploded four bags of heroin all over the back seat of my car last week. Those aren’t leather seats by the way, they’re cloth.”
Outside, Cole led the charge, taking out many of the enemy. He managed to get one of the nearby vehicles going and wedged bricks onto the pedals, leaving it run free. As it sped up the street towards a cluster of their attackers, he shot at it until it exploded in their faces, taking out one of their vehicles too. Cole pumped his fist in triumph, not noticing the guy behind him. He was shot through the head, dead before he hit the ground.
“You know, he really cares about you.” Several picnickers struggled to jump out of the way. “He just has a hard time processing emotions and shit. Whoa!” Dean ducked as another bullet came much much too close. He glared back at the other cars, crashing through a line of parked bicycles next to a playground.
Dean slid into the door, snorting loudly. Cas smiled again, returning his full focus to the road, reaching for his bag. After a few miles, they went over a speed bump.
Meanwhile, Dean had banked down the road, turning into a gap in a hedge. The cars followed close behind, shooting at him constantly. Dean whooped loudly and found himself driving along a wide avenue in a park, the path ahead filled with strolling people and cyclists. He beeped loudly, trying to get them to move, but the sound of gunshots did more than he ever could. People ran wildly about trying to get out of their way in time.
Cas had come in through the back door of a hardware shop. He looked wildly around for a moment, selecting an axe from the wall display. He twirled it a few times, getting in position by the door, with wide eyes, panting harshly. Alastair burst in, getting a strongly swung axe into the abdomen for his trouble. Cas kneed the butt of the axe, trying to drive it in deeper, which broke off the handle. He slammed Alastair’s wrist with the wood, causing him to drop his gun. Cas swung for his face, but Alastair ducked, getting his shoulder into Cas’ abdomen, lifting him up and slamming him into the ground through a glass display. Some customers fled.
Cas ignored him and immediately went to the opposite side of the room, and another keypad set in the wall.
“Until I turn you in. I just need to find a different vehicle. Older model, no alarm, right here. Luckily, I came prepared.”
The office was pretty much deserted as they made their way to the lifts. Garth met them there, giving his usual little wave of greeting as they stepped on.
“Cas!” Gabriel gripped Zach’s hair tightly, kneeing him savagely into the face. Zach keeled over, and stayed down this time.
Alastair stepped over his friend and leapt through too. He swore when he saw the metal tray discarded on the ground. It had stopped all of his bullets. He looked around, but Cas was already most of the way down the block, ducking into another doorway. Crowds milled about, screaming. Alastair shot in the air a few times to get the people out of his way.
Chuck scrambled behind him to lean his back against the low wall instead. He heaved a huge sigh of pain.
“I’ll speak to Jody. Get her to allow you to come to the Hague with us. But. No more secrets.” Zach grabbed his shoulder fondly again.
“In the alley, there’s two gentlemen who may require some counselling.” These two guys were thrown unceremoniously into a dumpster, cable tied, one on top of the other, top to tail. Cas had closed the lid with satisfaction on their screams.
Cas ran this way and that, trying to keep him at bay. He had a feeling this guy wanted to get in real close, and he wasn’t going to give him the chance. Alastair went around a pillar, peering at Cas through the shelving. Cas picked up the loaded nail gun and shot at Alastair’s face. He immediately crouched in pain, standing to reveal a large nail sticking out of his forehead. Cas bit back his laughter as he glanced around for more effective weaponry.
Dean cocked an eyebrow over his shoulder, turning slightly to look at Cas. The slight movement pulled a deep groan from Cas, who pressed into Dean as far as possible, one hand moving from Dean’s hip to firmly hold his flat stomach, to pull him back even more. Dean moaned appreciatively, shoving himself back onto Cas insistently, hoping he’d take the hint.
The bike slowed to come around the back of Dean, coming right up to his drivers window. With his eyes on the road, Dean simply reached out, caught the guy’s jacket, yanking him off balance. The bike careened away, almost taking out one of the enemy cars. The guy was now being dragged along, legs screeching through the dirt, held in place at the neck by Dean. He grasped at Dean desperately. Dean cocked an eyebrow at him, angled the gun in his lap up, and shot. Dean then let go. The car right behind panicked, not wanting to drive over their fellow soldier. They pulled to the side, hitting the sloped wall, the whole car tipping over onto its roof.
“Whoah!” Cas pulled Dean around the front of their car, yanking him down with him in front of the bonnet. The shots kept on coming.
Dean stood a little behind him, taking guns from the boot, checking their magazines, then stashing them about his person. He looked to Cas, tucking the latest one into the belt at the small of his back. “Yeah, I know I would be.”
He sat on one of the three bar seats at the window, pointing to the vodka, putting a fifty Euro banknote on the counter. The vendor poured him a shot. Cas knocked it back without expression. “Do you have any idea how prepared I was?”
Dean held up his flask and stared at it hard for a second. He frowned and turned to Cas before breaking into a laugh. “Um,
Cas’ hips pushed forward, as Dean gave a particularly satisfying twist of the wrist along his length. Cas keened, groaning wildly. “I’m ready, Dean. Get in me now.”
Cas leaned on his too. “I have a pen knife, Dean. I had it. It’s just the gear shifts on the right hand side here and I’m not used to it from driving in England all these years and—“
His eyes met the sight of an intensely attractive man, dancing seductively to the beat, not caring he was alone. He was wearing a tight t-shirt and jeans. Cas was stopped shock still for a moment, luckily snapping out of it and looking away before the man could see him acting like an idiot.
“The trial of former Belarusian President Chuck Dukhovich took an uncertain turn this week. Having recently survived a dioxin poisoning attempt, authorities are keeping close…..”
“One more in the east office on the 6th floor, under construction…” He remembered shoving a face into the hanging reams of plastic sheeting, flipping him over and kneeing him into the face.
Dean stood by the table in front of the judges. “Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?”
“Yes, my one and only.” Dean nodded happily to himself, as they followed Sam, Jess and Charlie to the car park.
Dean helped Sam to his feet, who immediately turned to check on the girls. Only then could Dean feel the shaking. He gently patted Cas’ hands on his chest. He could feel Cas shake his head. Dean smiled, lifting both arms high up to turn on the spot. He manoeuvred around to face Cas, who instantly buried his face in Dean’s shoulder. Dean wrapped his arms around him, running fingers through his trembling hair.
Dean huffed a laugh, heart almost stopping when he spotted the wide toothy grin Cas was giving his brother. Cas then looked up to him, smile growing even wider. Dean truly didn’t have the words for all of the love and relief coursing through him, so he just squeezed Cas’ hand instead, hoping he’d understand, and hoping he wouldn’t notice how much Dean’s hand was still shaking.
Charlie stopped pulling when she manoeuvred them to the front display of the house - skeletons and pumpkins galore. Cas eyed the plastic spiders in the fake webs. It would be just his luck to come across the only real one.
Dean blushed furiously. “So you did hear that. C’mon, you already know how much of a creepy stalker I am, Cas. This cannot surprise you.” He looked to Cas, hoping that little revelation hadn’t fucked everything up even more, revealing how much of a sap he was in private.
Dean sat wide-eyed like a crazed rabbit momentarily, adjusting himself before opening his water bottle. “I’d give it a damn good try though, Jesus Christ!” He splashed half the bottle into his face.
Dean picked up a semi automatic, checking the magazine before turning to Gabriel, “Lay down some cover fire.”
Chuck glanced up at him, giving a little laugh. “The look on your face. You’re so proud. Dean Winchester. About to be a hero. Save the day! None of that matters. There is no redemption, no atonement for a man like you. Your whole life has been but a trail of corpses, and I will just be another dead body on the pile. Go ahead, finish me. But don’t think for a moment that it will change what you are.” Chuck sneered up at Dean.
His shoulders slumped again as he righted his head, wiping his eyes. Dean ignored the little thrill he felt at the gravel tone of the voice, instead trying to concentrate on the guy’s well-being. “Bad day, huh?”
Cas gasped loudly, pulled out almost all the way and snapped himself back in with force. Fuck, it was so tight. Dean cried out with pleasure, hanging his head and settling in to enjoy the ride.
Dean paused a moment to look into Cas’ pleading needy eyes. He swallowed hard, nodding briskly. “Holy fuck, yes!”
Sam couldn't quite remember when he had first noticed the change in Dean and Cas, but once seen, it could not be unseen: lingering glances, barely-there flirting, random acts of kindness and thoughtfulness, the whole 9. At first he thought it was his sick-addled brain playing tricks on him. He just wanted his brother to be happy, and despite his concern about Sam, Dean looked happy whenever Cas was around being his usual clueless self.
Cas watched Dean without seeing him, settling his gaze on a spot behind him. This allowed him to keep a close watch on the main door with his periphery while running the plan through his head again. He didn’t notice Dean eyeing him every few seconds. It felt like no time at all when Diane was back with their plates and a full coffee pot.
There were heavy demonstrations taking place outside the courthouse. A journalist recorded his news piece nearby.
“Around 11pm, Thursday evening. You’ve only been out a few hours. We’ll make it to court by 5pm tomorrow, don’t you worry. We’ll leave here early. I hate to push you, but I need my partner.”
Dean turned to Cas, who busied himself buttoning up the top of Dean’s shirt and dusting off his shoulders. “How do I look, Cas?” When finished, Cas took him by one shoulder, looking down at him critically. “Well, you have a speck of blood on your….” Cas waved a vague hand across all of Dean. “..everywhere.”
“Huh. And you grew up wanting to be a cop until you realised there wasn’t any money in that shit. So you joined the CIA to sharpen your skills then you decided to open your own shop. Pimp yourself out to the fat cats. And I didn’t even have to do any research to know that shit. It’s written all over your punk ass.”
Dean stood weakly, hobbling over to the door, squinting in confusion. Damn blood loss. But that voice, could it be?
Dean made brief eye contact before looking down at his hands in his lap. “I, might have, sorta, looked in on you during some of your jobs over the last few years. Maybe. Just to make sure you were all right. Even saved your ass a time or… five—“ Dean’s voice tapered off as embarrassment took over. Even his neck was red now.
Once they were safely out on the English Channel, Dean sat on some bars by the railing at the back of the boat, looking over the ocean, knees up, head in his hand. Cas looked pensive, leaning back on the bars next to Dean, his back to the sea. Something had been bothering him, and now was as good a time as any to ask.
Cas tried his absolute best to again not come then and there. He gently pressed the plug in and out of Dean’s tight hole, palming and squeezing Dean’s firm ass with his other hand. Cas dropped his face between Dean’s shoulder blades, biting on his bunched up t-shirt in want. Although he couldn’t hear him, he could see Dean’s palms on the door clench into fists, his hips thrusting into the air. Dean was so prepped that the plug slid in and out seamlessly. Cas quickly rolled on the condom and added a generous helping of lube, just to be safe. He crowded back up against Dean’s strong back, removing the plug fully this time, moving it to his pocket for now. He slid his lubed dick between Dean’s cheeks, slowly catching on his gaping hole, pushing in slightly. Dean’s back arched with ecstasy. Cas clenched Dean’s hips as he slowly slid in. Dean pressed back against him, impaling himself slowly on Cas’ dick. Fuck, it had been too long.
Cas smiled and arranged the four of them on the table. The first was a dramatic sunset with a beautiful silhouette of a rhino. The next showed wildebeest jumping into the water with a snapping crocodile below. Another contained a troop of monkeys leaping through the trees. The last, a mud strewn elephant spraying water on itself with a playing youngster in the foreground. They were exquisite.
He drove up to the nearest canal, slowing down right on time, turning the bike down a pedestrian bridge before the police could catch up. He saw Dean zoom past on his boat, with the Interpol and enemy vehicles on the bank he had just left. His police car followed them instead. Cas followed Dean on the other bank.
“I got it just as the teeth fell. Your face!” She turned the phone to show him, as he put the teeth back in his pocket. “Ok, ok. Another one. Hhhmm, vampire. Because of the teeth, wanna pull your cape across the lower part of your face and make evil eyes? A bit Phantom of the Opera? The other hand can be in a claw shape again maybe?”
"Oh Cas, I'm so sorry, I couldn't check if you were ok with this because it was a surprise but your photographs were so exquisite I thought the world should see them, so I got this printed. The publishers loved it and would happily work with you to get it properly printed and out there. You should share your talent with the world..."
Dean flushed guiltily as he deposited almost a dozen guns and knives into the waiting tray. Cas bounced on the spot, checking his watch. “You didn’t use any? Or dump them before we got here? Or leave them in the car? Are you kidding me, Dean? Come on!”
Cas’ neck was stiff from resting on Dean’s bicep. Cas turned in place as much as he was able with Dean clung to him, smiling at Dean’s frown of protest at Cas’ jostling. When turned to the opposite side, Cas settled back down on Dean’s bicep with a sigh, pulling the covers over himself again. Dean snorted loudly in his sleep, nose nuzzling into the back of Cas’ neck as his arms wormed around Cas’ middle, holding him tightly. His knees nestled into the back of Cas’. Dean pressed a small kiss into Cas’ neck as he huffed out in a groggy voice. “Quit moving, Sunshine.”
Dean had brushed off of Cas’ crotch with an exploring hand. Dean chuckled, deliberately avoiding the area for now, instead moving his lips to the side of Cas’ neck, trying to learn all the ways he could pull more of those delicious gasps and moans from his love. Dean’s hands were everywhere, running through Cas’ hair, feeling along his broad shoulders, clutching at his hips, getting up under Cas’ shirt, running down his firm torso. Cas had wound his arms around Dean’s shoulders, trying to hold on, gasping as Dean’s lips found a sensitive spot below his ear.
“Are you serious? Have you any idea how stupid you sound? You’ve lost my brother and need my help to find him? Um…. No. Definitely not. Get fucked.”
Dean sighed, but did as he was told, posing menacingly with a magnificent Blue Steel. “Jacket off, Winchester. Let’s see the gun show.”
Cas closed his eyes, wishing for strength. He gave a small sarcastic smile with gritted teeth. “Buckle up.”
In the courtroom after Cas’ shooting, Jody had disarmed and threatened Chuck with a bullet to the head, while he stood over the body of Metatron, who he had shot between the eyes. He was put into handcuffs and led away by two UN peacekeepers, looking quite shell shocked at being taken into custody so easily.
They made it to the car without incident, thankfully. Cas poured Dean into the passenger seat, resuming his own. He buckled up and quickly drove off.
The judge was keeping a close eye on the clock as it came to a few seconds before 5pm. He addressed the court. “As we seem to be reaching our deadline, I have no choice but to declare….”
“I have never once tried to kill you, Cas. I swear. It’s quite the opposite. I really really like-like you, and I truly admire you. What you do. Saving people, protecting clients, it must be nice to have a cause. We should join forces, we’d be like the A-Team. But we’d be two short in the field, as my team are strictly behind the scenes. Ok, I’ll stop babbling now.”
Cas moaned slightly, face still covered with the towel. Dean ran to him with concern, gently pulling it off of him. He cupped Cas’ face until Cas was able to focus his eyes on him.
Dean almost managed to keep a straight face. Almost. But he just couldn’t help himself. After a few seconds, he broke into a massive bout of laughter. He doubled over, clutching his stomach. He wiped his eyes, drawing in a breath before he could speak.
“But one thing that his fucked up brain has figured out is that he loves you, wants to make everything up to you, cos he was being a big baby.”
“Aha, perfect deduction Sherlock. Draw their fire so I can take a look.” The rounds had badly pierced the back of the car, with one hitting the fuel line, which began to leak copiously onto the ground.
Chuck landed on top of a parked car below, the building high enough to make the fall instantly fatal. Several injured people were slowly making their way down the steps of the courthouse next to the car, startled by the noise of Chuck’s landing. Garth was helping a man with a wounded leg, looking over in stunned silence as he recognised the body. “Dukhovich! That’s Dukhovich!”
Cas smiled at him sweetly, taking a deep breath, pulling Dean’s face to his so he could whisper against his lips, “I love you too, Dean Winchester. So fucking much.”
Cas watched him for as long as he was in sight, sighing heavily as the paramedics wheeled him to the ambulance. After everything, he was going to miss Dean a lot. He had loved having him around. Cas smiled at the realisation, still feeling giggly. The paramedics loaded him up, but Gabriel, Charlie and Kevin got into his ambulance with a flash of a badge before the doors closed. Dean watched with a soft smile.
In the shower, Castiel let Dean renew the claiming bite. This time, as his alpha sucked a deep, lasting bruise onto his scent gland, he clung to Dean without reservation, making no attempt to hide how much he was enjoying it. He let his scent fill the steamy bathroom with thunderstorms, and he moaned, "Alpha," into Dean's ear. Dean growled happily into Castiel's neck, and the vibrations instantly had his cock fully hard and his ass leaking slick onto the tile wall behind him.
"Would you like some help with that?" Castiel asked, doing his best to keep all traces of amusement from his face and voice.
"But I don't." Castiel held Dean tighter, trying to take the sting out of the words. "I know what I want to believe, but I don't
child as my own because I love Cas and I want him to be happy." The truth of the words left a bitter taste in Dean's mouth.
"Color?" Cas murmured, his mouth so close to Dean's ear that Dean could feel his lips move and the flick of his tongue.
"I, um … I'm gonna have to pinch your neck, Cas. Sorry, but if you move at the wrong moment, I could damage a nerve or an artery. And it'll hurt less if you're paralyzed. You'll still feel it, but it'll be more like a love bite than an actual bite. So I've been told anyway."
The very last picture was obviously taken in a hospital room. Jimmy's eyes were red rimmed. He'd lost his wife less than twenty four hours ago, but he was looking at the baby cradled in his arms like he'd found something worth living for. Claire touched the picture with her fingertip, but Castiel knew she didn't need it explained that the baby was her.
Suddenly Castiel couldn't bear one more moment of this strange new distance that had sprung up between him and Dean in the past couple days. Before he could second guess himself, he crossed the room and wrapped his arms around Dean from behind, pressing his nose into the alpha's neck. Dean relaxed into him without hesitation, one hand coming up to card through Castiel's hair while he tilted his head to give the omega better access to his scent gland. Although he hadn't meant to initiate anything but a little cuddling and scenting for comfort, Castiel couldn't help the thrill of arousal that raced through him as he felt the alpha go pliant and trusting in his arms. Dean caught the scent of thunderstorms in the air, and his own scent quickly turned rich and spicy in response.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he murmured. “I’m so sorry for the way Michael treated you. I shouldn’t have put you through that.”
Judging by the look on Dean's face and the lingering worry in his scent, he knew what Castiel was thinking, and this conversation was far from over, but he let subject drop for now. "So we're hunting an angel," he said. "Which means they'll look like an ordinary person right up until they smite some poor suicidal son of a bitch."
"I … don't want to live alone," he said, staring fixedly at his bare feet. "And I don't think I can rent out your room to a stranger. That would just feel … wrong. And I can't sell the house and move to a smaller place. Except for Bobby and Jodi's, this is the only place that's ever felt like home, but without you, it … It won't." His eyes drifted to the mural above the sink, the two little boys building their sandcastle. They'd worked so hard on it, and the next day it was gone, washed away by the tide.
Dean and Charlie were in the kitchen cleaning up from dinner. Kevin had as usual vanished just in time to avoid the chores, and Sam had gone to bed, the busy day finally catching up to him. He'd made significant progress in his recovery, especially in the last couple weeks, but he still wasn't up to full strength.
But Castiel was already in a bad mood after dealing with the McLeods. And the guy was being a jerk, embarrassing his wife over a silly matter of principle. And on top of all that, there was nothing wrong with the damn foie gras. It was supposed to have a touch of pink. Everyone who knew anything about French cuisine knew that.
did the omega do that? Dean had always been good at bullshitting. He had to learn how at a young age. It came with the territory when you had a dad like John Winchester, no mom, and a little brother to take care of.
Dean lifted up and slammed back down, hard and fast. Clearly he was done playing around. Castiel could get on board with that. On the next thrust, he lifted his hips to meet Dean halfway, and he must have hit the sweet spot if the noise Dean made was anything to go by. Using those noises as a guide, he found an angle that let him hit that spot almost every time.
She laughed and began taking mugs out of the cabinet as the coffee maker beeped. "I guess it's good practice for when you and Castiel start having kids of your own. Do you want a big family?"
Cas relaxed and let Dean tuck the blankets around all three of them. “You’re a good man, Dean Winchester,” he murmured sleepily. “Wish I could keep you forever.”
Each time he checked in with Dean, and each time Dean gave him permission to keep going until after the fifth time he edged Dean, the response was a hesitant, "… yellow."
“Bottom.” Dean felt his cheeks warm as he realized how quickly that had come out. Until that moment he would have sworn he didn’t have a preference. He enjoyed both roles equally, so he did whatever his partner wanted. But with Cas looking at him like that, blue eyes dark and predatory, all he wanted was to be pinned down and taken so hard that he would feel it all day tomorrow.
“Do you want me to leave?” Every instinct Dean had rebelled against the idea of leaving Cas alone like this, but Cas was an adult. He was obviously used to coping with his condition on his own, and if he’d rather Dean didn’t see him like this, Dean would respect that.
He was about to knock when he heard a ragged moan overlapping with a hoarse cry of "Dean. Oh, fuck, Dean." He snatched his hand back.
"That's all right," Castiel chuckled. "I've got it under control. You relax. Claire, at least let him take his coat off first."
Castiel tilted his head and gave Dean a bemused look. "Of course it's all right. Dean, you made breakfast
Dean had never made any demands of Castiel. Even when he asked Castiel to do things like the grocery shopping or the laundry, he was very careful to phrase it as a request, not an order or a wish. No, Castiel would not push Dean into anything he didn't want to do.
." The noises on the other side of the door were getting progressively louder with every passing second.
“Best I’ve ever had,” Cas said with a shit eating grin. “And that’s all I have to say on the subject.”
He told Mr. Novak where to find his car and watched regretfully as the man walked out of his life. At least the back view was almost as gorgeous as the front. Dean already missed those piercing eyes, but he was compensated with well muscled shoulders and a very nice ass that filled out those faded, grass stained jeans perfectly.
It didn't. The cord had been torn cleanly in two, probably the result of a bar fight. This time Cas said it out loud albeit quietly enough not to draw attention. "Fuck." He rested his head against the wall, a wave of fatigue washing over him. He'd had two beers and a shot of whiskey, hoping the alcohol would loosen him up enough to make the conversation flow easily. It hadn't, and now he was drowsy and lightheaded and so desperately homesick that he thought he might cry.
Dean recognized a challenge when he heard one, and he lifted his chin a fraction of an inch. “I’m not doing this for fun,” he said evenly. “I’m doing it for Cas.”
"Not just for the sex. For everything. For helping me get my son back. For being…" His heart broke a little to say it, but he knew it was the truth. "For being a good friend."
Castiel liked the idea, but he looked to Dean before he said anything. Dean… had a rather odd look on his face. "Yeah, that sounds," he hesitated, "good. I mean, if Cas wants to."
"Fuck, that's hot." Only when Cas's smile turned into a smirk did Dean realize he had said that out loud.
The next several days were a torment worse than his ten thousand years of solitude. Every time Dean stood a little closer to him than usual or looked at him in silence for a long moment, Castiel's heart beat faster and he was sure that Dean was about to say it. But his hopes were always dashed as Dean blushed and moved away or lowered his eyes.
to the alpha, and Dean would never be allowed to touch him again, not even to just put an arm around him while they watched
Cas blinked. "That… would make a lot of sense, but it doesn't change anything. If it's true, then I feel for them, but I'm not obligated to give them
"Who's Sam?" Gabe asked, either unaware or unashamed that he was intruding on a private moment. With Gabe it was probably a little of both.
"I did. It's just … Well, after I hunted that djinn with you guys, it was … It was like trying to go back to tofu veggie burgers after you've tasted the real deal. It was boring. So …" She stared down at her feet and said very quickly and very quietly, "SoI'vebeenhunting."
Dean pushed the bitter memories to the back of his mind where he kept all the crap he didn’t want to think about. Today was going to be fun, not depressing. “So,” he said, “you want to go for a ride?”
"Dude! It's not a sex tape!" Sam snapped as Cas's eyebrows rose. "I'll prove it." He snatched the tape from his brother and stuck it in the VCR slot of the old TV on top of the dresser.
Dean was silent for a moment, and if not for his scent, Castiel would have thought he had fallen asleep. Then he heard a faint sniffle and a slightly choked, "Thanks, Cas."
"Except they've never crossed any legal boundaries that would allow me to make a case, and even if they did, I highly doubt Naomi would take my side. They're her most loyal and lucrative customers, after all."
While they were loading the dishwasher, Dean sidled up behind Castiel and wrapped strong arms around his waist. "Thank you," he murmured. "You have no idea how much it means to me that you did this."
alpha, Cas. I don't want to be the kind of mate who tells you who you can hang out with and what you can do with your own body! But… but I've read about how the mating bond hormones can make alphas really possessive, especially in the beginning. An, an, and I—"
This time Dean kept silent. He couldn't fail to notice that the woman in the picture could more accurately be described as a girl, not more than seventeen, but he wasn't going to comment on it in front of Claire.
Dean slumped back against the door when it was over, his glassy-eyed expression pure bliss as he gazed down at Castiel. His trembling hands continued to pet gently through Castiel's hair. Castiel tucked Dean's softening cock back into the panties and pulled up his jeans for him, then fixed his own clothes. When he tried to stand up, he groaned, and not with ecstasy this time. Dean chuckled and took his hands to help him to his feet.
Dean could always lose himself in kissing Cas no matter what else was on his mind. Even the very first time, which had been messy and semi-drunk and involved more horny enthusiasm than technique, it had still felt like the world stopped spinning and nothing existed but the two of them, tongues and scents intertwining like they were made for each other. It had never felt so right with anyone else.
sex. He loved the way Cas smelled period. Sweet like honey, but also raw and wild like a thunderstorm.
Cas chuckled and buried his nose in Dean's hair. "Don't you worry, alpha," he purred. "I promise it will be worth the wait."
They let conversation lapse for a while except for Castiel giving directions, but there was nothing uncomfortable about the silence. It occurred to Castiel that he'd never had a relationship quite like this. There was no dancing around each other, no question of if or even when. They
Dean took the offered seat, trying his best not to show how small and cowed, and frankly inferior, he felt in the other alpha's presence. Judging by the gleam in Michael's eyes, he failed miserably.
The picture showed a young (very young) woman sitting on a couch, a swaddled baby in her arms. She was smiling, but you could see the exhaustion in her eyes.
' traditional French vibe and not too much of a strain on the budget. Usually he would have enjoyed the challenge, but today his heart wasn't in it. It was too busy missing his boyfriend.
Dean huffed with equal parts amusement and embarrassment. "Well, it ain't my fault you give the best blowjob in the history of blowjobs. How's a guy supposed to control himself while you're sucking his brains out like that?"
And while it was definitely a good thing that he had more in his life than just work these days, he still felt that there ought to be a middle ground, a world where he could be happy at home and also look forward to coming to work, or at least not resent it. How had a job he used to truly love become such a chore?
Castiel's heart dropped into his stomach. Perhaps Dean didn't mean this the way it sounded either. It was a slim hope, but he clung to it. "You mean as a friend?"
For a moment he thought Metatron would refuse to let him go, but then the angel shook his head and said sulkily, "Fine. Go be disgustingly happy. See if I care."
Dean's eyes darkened, and as quickly as he had picked Castiel up, he set him down, backed him up against the nearest wall, and kissed him, hot and wet and dominating. Castiel whimpered into his mouth, digging his fingers into those strong biceps. He felt Dean's hands drop to his ass and then slide down his legs, lifting them up to wrap around Dean's waist, lining their groins up just right. At the first filthy grind of their hips, he bit Dean's lower lip hard enough to draw a muffled groan from the other man.
Dean groaned. "Right. Staff meeting." Once a week the restaurant staff had a lunch meeting to go over any changes to the menu, make sure all the waiters were well versed in the specials, and address any questions or issues that applied to everyone. "I don't suppose we could count it. I mean, we'll be having lunch together in a fancy restaurant."
Dean grimaced. He still hadn't forgiven Naomi for trying to make Castiel break up with him, and things had been very chilly (figuratively speaking anyway) whenever the two of them were in the kitchen at the same time. She wasn't stupid. She had to know why he was giving her the cold shoulder, but she hadn't confronted him about it or made any more attempts to drive the two men apart, confining herself to sour looks whenever they showed the least sign of affection in her presence.
"Sort of both. Jimmy and I … We didn't have a happy childhood, and we both had our coping mechanisms, some healthier than others."
"Who's this?" Anna asked with raised eyebrows. Everyone else had paused in their prep work too and was staring at Castiel and the child who looked like she could be his daughter, expressions ranging from mild bemusement to total shock.
As he brushed past Cas, Grace made a rumbling noise deep in her throat, but Nick ignored her. He slung an arm over Michael’s shoulders and said, “Okay, here’s the deal, bro. You and I both know that I am not tactless enough to show up drunk to my own father’s funeral, but I’m a pretty good actor, and most of the people in there” — he tipped his head toward the church — “think I’m capable of anything. So either Cassie’s friend stays, or I go make an ass of myself in front of half of Boston. Your choice.”
"Jesus fuck," Dean chuckled. "For an angel, you are one kinky son of a bitch." He licked the come off his hand, then leaned down and and licked the rest directly from Cas's skin. Cas purred, and his scent grew so thick and sweet that it made Dean's mouth water and his still swollen knot throb with an echo of want.
Castiel's heart stopped. That was what it felt like anyway. An icy hand reached into his chest and squeezed. He should have known this was too good to be true. Dean had reconsidered in the sober light of day and decided that he didn't want Castiel after all.
"Guess I'll have to give your uncle the recipe," Dean said, watching her scraping her plate clean yet again.
After a few more moments, Cas' scent calmed, and they untangled themselves and sat back down. This time Cas dug into his food, moaning a little as the first bite reminded him that he hadn't eaten all day. Hannah had not offered them breakfast before they left.
The kitchen stuttered back to life as she left, everyone skirting warily around Castiel and avoiding his eyes. Everyone except Dean. He marched right up to the chef, took him gently but firmly by the elbow, and steered him towards the fridge. Castiel didn't protest. The cold air was heavenly on his burning face and stinging wrist.
The fog of melancholy lifted as quickly as it had come, replaced with a sort of giddy relief. He'd been unconsciously trying not to think about what would happen when Dean had to go looking for a new job. Of course there were lots of restaurants in New York. Odds were good that one of them would need a cook, and he was reasonably sure that Dean wouldn't just up and leave when things were going so well. But it was nice to have one less thing to worry about. He would miss Anna, but they could keep in touch, and maybe now that he wasn't her boss, they could actually be friends.
"That's because I brought a friend with me this time," Castiel said just as, right on cue, Dean came in with their bags. "Jack, this is Dean. I've told you about him, remember? He lives with me."
bleed first. But savage displays of possessiveness wouldn't heal Cas's wounds. Cas didn't need an alpha right now. He needed Dean.
"The other day, when you called him and you were upset, and he dropped everything to be there for you? That's what he would have done for me. That's what he does for family. I've never seen him act that way with anyone he's dated, and that's why …" He looked at Castiel again. "That's why I'm going to tell you the whole story. I don't like talking about it, so this is a one time deal, but if Dean says you're family, then you deserve the whole truth, so here goes."
Thank you to EyumdaRelmera for sending me a hilarious Tumblr post that inspired part of this chapter, though probably not in the way she expected. =)
When Bobby went to man the grill, Cas wandered into the Singers' book filled living room. (Dean hadn't been exaggerating about that. It was like a library minus the organizational system.) He could hear chatter and laughter coming from the kitchen, but Dean had gone out to buy more ice, and Cas couldn't quite find the courage to join in on his own. Besides, it sounded like the conversation was currently revolving around the upcoming wedding. He would have nothing to contribute and would feel distinctly out of place.
Dean knew there were people, and plenty of his coworkers were among them, who thought this was a strange career choice for an alpha. Alphas might become high school teachers or college professors, but chasing after little kids, preventing them from eating things they shouldn't, wiping their noses, and patiently cleaning up their accidents was 'an omega job'. However, Dean didn't care if they laughed behind his back. Screw them. He loved his job, he loved his kids, and since the only omega he ever wanted to mate only saw him as a friend, this was probably the closest he'd ever get to being a dad.
Sam shrugged. “I’m pretty sure I fell for Jess in, like, two seconds. Just took me a while to admit that I was a goner. You should be really sure before you say anything to him though.”
“Yeah, my dad wasn’t too happy about it either, but that was the least of our problems. As far as he was concerned, I’d never done anything right.” There was a slight edge of bitterness to Dean’s voice, but mostly he just sounded sad.
Cas hummed again and stretched languidly. "Perhaps another time. Right now I'd really like you to knot me, and then I'd like to fall asleep with you still inside me."
"I know," Dean said unrepentantly, "but I meant it." His voice dropped to a seductive murmur that sent shivers of anticipation down Cas's spine. "As soon as I get you alone, I'm gonna show you just how grateful I am that you did this for me. Just how much I love you." He angled his head to bring their lips together, and for a few moments they might as well have been alone already for all the notice they took of anyone else.
“Jesus Christ,” Gabriel chuckled. “If my mechanic looked like that, my car would break down every day.”
Castiel breathed a sigh of relief, feeling a weight he hadn't even realized he was carrying suddenly lifted. He kissed Dean quickly and whispered, "Thank you."
"He is too you know," Sam said quietly. "Happier, I mean. I've never seen him so happy. Thank you for that."
He opens his eyes and offers a wobbly smile. "You're not so bad yourself," he says, the humour in his voice ruined with how hoarse it comes out, and then his hands slip to Cas' buckle. His fingers are shaking as he undoes the clasp, the metal clinking together, and Dean actually has to pause and take a deep breath to centre himself. You can't blow this, Winchester. This is the most important lay of your life.
They spend a lot of time on the couch, watching movies and eating junk food. Dean's only frame of reference for sleepover parties is from John Hughes movies, but he thinks this definitely qualifies. There's enough blankets between the two of them to make a fort out of, and he's been wearing nothing but pajama bottoms for the past forty-eight hours.
"I don't think that's a good idea," Charlie said, frowning down at Dean. The machete hung limply by her side.
He went quickly to Castiel's cuffs, unhooking him from the pipe. Blessed with the strength of an angel, Jonah supported Castiel's weight easily with an arm around his waist, and Castiel slumped against him, shaking.
Cas dragged his head up. There was a faint pink indentation on his forehead from where it had pressed into Dean's jacket, and his hair was tousled. More importantly, however, was the expression on his face; it held only a quiet, tired awe, like he was watching the sun approach the horizon.
Castiel shoved away from Jonah with a grunt and crawled towards Dean's corpse. He hissed as his broken wings dragged behind him, heavy as cathedrals, but he had the strength to carry them now. Crumbling bone crunched and shifted around him as he came upon Dean's ruined body. The front of his shirt was drenched in blood, his eyes lifeless and unseeing.
"I gave nothing away," he said quietly. The rifling paused. "Not a single piece of strategic information."
He raises both brows. Not what he was expecting at all. "Seriously? Thought you were supposed to be my mean babysitter."
A surge of pride swelled within him, and he promptly squashed it before it could germinate. Castiel allowed himself a smile, though. "I don't want to give the impression that you're simply a resource in my war in Heaven. It's not why I come to Earth to seek out your company, and it's not why I will return here—whenever that may be." He nodded to Dean's clothes and things on the floor, to the weapons lying next to them. "I am not the common vampires you hunt."
Before giving Castiel a chance to answer, he stood up from the bed and went to his desk. Castiel watched the muscles of his shoulders move beneath his t-shirt as he sorted through a pile of papers near his desk lamp, and then Dean came and sat back down on the bed next to him.
When all his other injuries had been repaired, Castiel cupped a gentle hand to the base of Dean's throat. His Grace hummed as the fatal wound was sealed, the blood replenished and the muscle reconstructed. The pulse beneath Dean's jaw stuttered and then set-to, strong and sure, and finally, Dean drew in breath.
Dean began to fall asleep during Harry and Sally's double date with each other's friends. Castiel carefully extracted the TV remote from his other hand and shut the television off, prompting Dean to sit up.
Sex with Cas was a novel experience. He'd fucked men before, and had inexperienced partners, and even had sex with an angel, but this was something else. And he liked it, a lot, despite the frustration. He wanted this to work. But his brain was operating at twenty percent capacity—max—at the moment, and he was struggling to be patient.
"I don't think I'm going to last very long, either," Cas comments, slicking up his fingers, and Dean feels his dick throb.
"How the hell is it not a disease?" Dean's voice was gruff, the angry edge to it more menacing than antagonistic. There was very little light in the room, but the glare from Sam's flashlight may as well have been the afternoon summer sun from the way Dean was squinting.
The bed moves again as Cas climbs into it, and he has to blink away the fresh tears in his eyes to find Cas lying down next to him now, turning him on his side and pulling him close, and Dean is a mewling, shivering mess when Cas kisses him again. God, and they're both still really hard, and he's still insanely horny, but Cas is kissing him like this is their first date, soft and gentle and endlessly sweet, and Dean can't fucking deal, and the little bottle of lube is cradled between them like a baby and he's going to float out of his body any second now.
It was Hannah's turn to flinch. She reached instinctively behind her, to her shoulder blade. Castiel nodded at the unspoken question in her eyes.
"Jesus," Sam says, exchanging a glance with Eileen, and signs something at her that Dean doesn't catch. He really should brush up on his ASL.
Cas pauses, a hand resting on the back of one of the chairs. There's a deep furrow in his brow, like he hasn't quite decided whether to stay there or not. Then: "How are you feeling?"
He even permits them to indulge in the greatest of taboos; talking during a movie. They've both seen it a hundred times by this point anyway, and Dean wants to live a little.
Buckle undone, he cupped his hand between Cas' legs, over his pants, and felt his entire body tense up even more. A hand wrapped around Dean's wrist—not to pull him away, but to steady him, to hold him still.
Dean stood before him, with an angel blade in one hand—slick with blood—and his pistol in the other. There was an oblong bruise colouring his left cheekbone purple and red; a fresh cut split his upper lip. One of the collar flaps of his jacket was haphazardly flipped up, speckled with droplets of crimson. As he tucked his gun into the waistband of his jeans and slipped the blade into his jacket, Castiel had to look away. He was too beautiful; he did not belong in this place.
"I'm about to be a whole lot worse," he said, looking at the clock on the wall. "I gotta drink the next round of Campbell's soup."
He shook himself free of the mirror's distraction, berating his own vanity, and went back to Dean. Now was not the time.
"She was checking in on you," Cas explains. "She wanted to talk to you directly, but you aren't supposed to use your phone. I mediated."
Dean breathed hot and heavy into his mouth, hand coming up to cup at his face again. His fingers played with the shell of Castiel's ear, tickling his hair. One of his legs slipped in between Castiel's, parting them, and he felt Dean growing hard again against his thigh.
"This one," he said, pulling a card out of the pile. "Charlie gave me a bunch of these vintage postcards for Christmas. They're from all over the place." He handed it to Castiel.
"Charlie figured that one out," Jody says without looking up from the notepad in her lap. Her pen scratches harshly on the paper. "You mentioned the sewers to her, and there's an old gated entrance to the drainage network in the woods."
He winced. "Yes. I haven't told her the truth. I don't think I will. It doesn't exactly inspire confidence."
"But there is a cure, right?" Charlie asked, cutting the ensuing argument short. "You guys have one in your journals."
Everyone sheds layers as the day drags on; it's drizzling outside and about seven degrees colder than is comfortable, which was at first annoying and is now a much-needed relief. He's already past the point of caring that they have to wipe the shoulder dolly down with a rag every time they wheel it through the rain, or that he has to wipe his boots off constantly to mitigate the risk of slipping with an armful of sofa.
Dean digs himself deeper into the trench between Cas' ribs and the arm slung around his shoulders, weathering each exquisite brush of his fingers over his bicep with all the grace of a hungry newborn bird. Dean isn't sure who in the universe allowed this to happen, but whatever entity that's dedicated to fucking him over for all time must be on vacation or something. Hope you enjoy the beach, bitch.
Castiel considered repeating himself as they climbed the stairs, though he hardly saw the point. Beside him, Sam said quietly, "it's really good to see you again, Cas."
"And you're babysitting me," Dean continued. The suit jacket was pinned under him, uncomfortable now, and he shuffled awkwardly to pull it away. "Sam can do all this, you know. He's done it before."
"You've used that leverage before." Theo looked up briefly as the building shook again, smiling. Some of the blood on his arm had smeared across Dean's chin. He jostled him again, just to goad him, and Dean thrashed his shoulders, boots scraping against the ground. "And others have abided by those terms in the past. But new information has come to light. And," he laughed, "it sounds like you're losing. Not much of a bargain."
Dean tugged at the jacket around his shoulders, trying to suppress a shiver. He gave her a grin, though it took some effort. "You're getting better at stalling."
Dean nods, though it's not like he's got a fucking clue about any of this. There's a bubble of something unpleasant welling under his sternum, not unlike indigestion.
"You have to suffer through teaching Dean how to play D&D," Sam said, closing his laptop, too. Apparently a break was in order. "I figure that's payback enough for almost turning him into a vamp."
Dean stared back at him. His expression was unreadable; his eyes were wide and bright, as if he couldn't quite believe that what was in front of him was real. Dean's throat worked, and then he said, "Jesus, Cas—" and kissed him again.
Just as he suspected, the grave is close to a row of crypts along the east end of the cemetery, backed by a forest. The grass is even more verdant here, thick enough to pull at his boots, just in case the random potholes weren't enough. Apparently the cemetery doubles as an obstacle course.
"Of course." Oren's words came out hesitant, unsure. "Or I could simply, ah, come back here in eight hours."
Well, at least he knows one thing for sure: he found the ghoul nest. Bit of a Monkey's Paw deal, but he'll take what he can get.
Cas gravely informed him of all the various ways in which he could travel, including the non-Euclidean ones. It didn't sound like bragging, exactly; more like an adult correcting a very curious and misinformed child about how the world works. Sam snuck him a smile over Cas' head, and Dean decided he would let him ramble on about how majestic he was if it made him feel better.
"Yeah, flowers. Or like, I don't know, help him with the stuff he's doing on the roof." Charlie sighs. "Look, I gotta get out of here. If you need another therapy session, that's gonna cost you extra." She leans in towards him a little, and whispers conspiratorially, "I put in a good word for you for free, though."
It takes him a while to sit upright. His hands are bound at the wrist—and his ankles are roped together too, he figures that out pretty quick—and his left arm hurts a lot from the earlier hit. An insane thought pops into his head, that Cas is gonna be pissed at him for re-injuring his broken arm. Dean struggles anyway, rolling onto his side and getting his good hand planted flat on the ground, brushing away all the goddamn bone fragments before putting any weight on it.
A dozen of their past conversations played over in his mind. Ones where they'd both been sorry, where they'd both refused to accept any sort of forgiveness from one another. Telling Dean not to be upset with himself was about as effective as arguing with gravity. It used to infuriate Castiel—
Whatever came out of Cas wasn't a laugh, exactly. A sharp exhalation of breath. "I don't know how to answer that," he responded, breathless.
"Holy fuck," he hears himself say, and the bed's shaking beneath him. Their breathing scrapes loudly in the air between them, punched out with each thrust. Dean wraps his arms around Cas, pulls him flush to his chest, gasping into his shoulder. He barely manages to weather one stroke when the next one comes, and then the next, and the next. "That's s-so good, you're so good, Cas, don't stop, don't—"
"Something might happen," she says easily, and the dread in his gut coils up painfully. "We'll deal with it if it does."
They're probably gonna listen to it a lot more now that Sam rides shotgun with Eileen for most of their cases. It's a strategy thing, he told Cas solemnly; he can't let his brother know he made a mixtape that alternates between classic rock, pop and jazz without Sam insisting he adds his own shit onto it, which nobody wants. He'd actually forgotten about ol'
"She's a witch, dude, she probably wants you to grow shit for her," Dean says, eyeing the plant starters. He recognises a decent amount of the flowers Cas is interested in, which is not at all reassuring.
"Well, no, but—" Dean swallows, the foundations in his head quaking with each brutal second of silence. "I didn't, like—I mean I didn't want to assume, or whatever, but I mean—seriously?"
"So," Dean breathes, clenching his teeth when the next pierce of his spade jars his shoulder. "Trust fund girl, huh?"
Dean groaned when he was finished, head pressing into the toilet seat, shivering. Blood dripped from his bottom lip, spotting the tile beneath him, but he didn't seem to notice. The shiver that wracked through him was strong enough to make him tip sideways, and Castiel's hand was the only thing keeping him from slumping back onto the floor.
"You secured the loyalty of many angels." Jonah held his weight on the balls of his feet, crouching, arms braced on his knees. His eyes were sharp, intense. "Against an archangel."
"Dean," Cas says grimly, face hovering a few inches above his own, and there's something holy in hearing his own name come out of Cas' mouth. He hopes he never gets over it. "Do you remember Cheboygan?"
Dean spends the day psyching himself up for his talk with Cas. He needs to get his ducks in a row. Apology, check, that's a no-brainer. Some grovelling might be in order. Maybe he should do warm-up lunges, stretch his knees out a little so he can beg properly. He also needs to toss a bit of gratitude Cas' way for how much he's been looking after Dean these past few weeks. Er, well, months. Years. Whatever. Okay, more than a little gratitude, then. Offering to suck his dick is probably off the table right now, so he'll find some other way to express it.
They pass Claire in the parking lot on their way to the freight elevator with a vanity. She flips Dean off when they make eye contact, though her heart's not in it.
"Alright, weirdos." She gives Dean a parting glance before ducking back inside and shutting the door, and they both watch her disappear into the apartment.
It's evening by the time they get back to the motel. They ran the raid at dawn specifically so they wouldn't have to pay for another night. Oh well. Just another thing he screwed up, add it to the list.
Dean's heartbeat climbs painfully up his chest until it rests in the divot of his collarbone. He didn't know Cas was capable of making those sorts of noises. Forget the Gregorian calendar; the passage of time will now be marked by how frequently he's able to get Cas to make that noise again.
Her brow was furrowed in confusion. "You're… in much better shape than anticipated," she said after a moment.
"I thought ghouls ate in their nests," Charlie says beside him. They circle the spot, roped off with caution tape. "You said they found her body in her house?"
"And that I'd tell you it's a bad idea," Cas adds. It's not quite humour in his voice, but he doesn't look like an evil statue anymore, at least.
There's more concerned shouting from Cas and Eileen as they attempt to kite the ghost away from her own grave. Dean forces himself to ignore it and focus on doing his job. The ground in front of them is illuminated by the flashlight from Sam's phone, propped up against the headstone of an adjacent grave, and a worryingly small amount of the dirt has been shifted by their furious shovelling. At this rate, Eileen and Cas will only need to keep the ghost distracted for another seventy minutes.
"You healed both of us. And you look—uh." He gestured at him. "You look like you've been through some stuff."
Dean shudders, successfully keeping down any other embarrassing noises, and Cas continues to run his fingers through his hair. It's so soothing that he can already feel himself slipping back into unconsciousness, a thing he's never been able to achieve while sober. He relaxes back into Cas, into his warmth, and lets his eyes slip closed.
It was only weird if he slipped his arms into it, so he threw it over his shoulders instead. Cas didn't really smell like anything—he just smelled like Cas—but Dean's senses were in overdrive right now, and beneath the smell of blood and vomit, he caught the brief scent of him from the fabric. The jacket warmed quickly from his body heat, and the goosebumps receded.
Cas sighs and looks at him, eyes piercing. "I don't trust you, Dean," he says. The words hit him straight in the gut, and Dean suddenly wishes he'd taken him up on that offer to sit down. "Not with—"
"No, Cas—" Dean shifted on the bed, pressing his head into his pillow to look up at him with tired, bloodshot eyes. "I'm asking you a question."
Dean helped him bring his legs forward so that he could brace his weight on one knee. He got his other leg up, foot flat on the ground. On three, they began to rise again, Dean panting with the effort of holding him. There was no strength left in his joints; he'd been standing for too long. He relied on Dean, leaning nearly his full weight into him until his leg was straight, and Castiel locked his knee to keep himself steady.
"You smell… really good," Dean murmured. His eyes were fixed on a spot somewhere below Castiel's face—his throat, he imagined. "Can you do me a favour and—"
"Not in a scrapyard it doesn't," Dean agreed. He crossed his arms and bowed his head. "Look, man, I don't know what you want."
That was only a partial truth. He knew of others, those who had given up their Mandate to live on Earth, though there weren't many. None of them showed any particular affinity for the fate of man—none except him.
Castiel hung his head, let out a breath. "What… strategic value is that information? I'm going to die soon anyway."
He rolls his neck. "Right. Cool. Well, um—I'm sorry, for starters. About before, I mean, at the motel. I was… I don't know. I was in a bad mood, and I was being an asshole." Dean forces a laugh. "Guess it wasn't really that long of a speech."
"Dean." Cas cups his cheek with one of his ridiculously large hands, and Dean opens his eyes to find him staring back, soft and certain. His thumb swipes away a stray tear on his cheek. "It's alright."
Picking up other habits from Sam, Cas dutifully informs him of every cow and horse he spots before it gets dark, and he snorts at the
But Dean can see the finish line, finally. He's feeling like himself again, whatever the hell that means. He's also been spending the last week and a half watching what he eats and taking forensic-grade showers on the off chance that Cas decides to jump his bones. Which he
"You can't be trusted in the backseat," he replied calmly, shoving Dean towards the Impala. Sam was making room in the trunk, passing Charlie the two duffels stashed in there, which she deposited in the back seat. He also had a jug of vampire blood sitting on the pavement, the cap already crusting as it dried.
"I believe it does," Castiel pressed. The movement of Dean's fingers stopped. "I seem to have given the impression that I was using you, reinforced by my request you come here. That is not the case."
He laughs. It almost feels normal for a moment. "Yeah, Sam's probably getting some payback in the third-wheeling department."
Cas stared up at the ceiling, his cheek brushing Dean's sweaty hair. There had been a single, frantic moment of panic when Dean had collapsed, where Cas had feared he'd drawn too deeply, taken too much of him, but then Dean had gasped in breath against the pillow.
Jonah's eyes narrowed. It was very early in the morning now, not quite dawn, and the light from the window was grey. "Speaking to me as if we are friends, Castiel. As if you are anything but a devil."
"You didn't, man, you—" There's something lodged in his throat. God, he's a real fucking mess today. "You're good, I promise. I can't—" I can't say it back to you, not yet. I don't know how. "It's not an imposition. Not ever."
"It's okay," he said immediately, voice soothing. It was the tone he used on his brother when he was injured. "It's alright. I'll, uh, I'll just—"
His finger taps at the back of Cas' head, his hair damp with sweat, and Cas only grunts at the motion. "Hey," he breathes, trying to keep his eyes open. "Cas. You—you good?"
had been the summary he'd finally landed on. Vague enough to sound important, specific enough that it wouldn't count as lying by omission. Hannah hadn't seen it that way, though.
Cas drags his mouth along Dean's jaw, teeth nipping at the skin, before taking his turn and dipping down to Dean's throat. He cooperatively tilts his head up, leaning into Cas, arching into his body until his spine protests, but it's too good to stop. He can feel how hard Cas is already, erection pressing against his hip, and his stomach quivers in anticipation.
"It's not—" Castiel cut himself off, trying to find the words to explain. His eyes danced around the cell. "You have to decide that for yourself."
Dean holds a hand out, not entirely sure what he's reaching for, but Cas meets him immediately, bowing over Dean like he's about to supplicate himself before an altar. He braces a hand by Dean's head, the other wrapping around one of his thighs, cool and wet, and meets his eyes.
He succeeded, with much dedication and discipline, to land himself just outside of an abandoned warehouse in Hastings, Kansas, two minutes and forty-eight seconds after Sam had called out for him. He was off by one hundred sixty seven metres, placing him in the middle of a dark parking lot with an improbable number of potholes.
"I'm not a cop, dude, relax." Another pause. "Anyway," Sam continued, clearing his throat. "I'm gonna go check the other rooms."
"We don't stare at the same time," he corrects her, annoyed. Accuracy is important. "We do it separately."
"He's an idiot," Charlie supplies helpfully beside him, and holds out her hand for Jody to shake. Her smile is bubbly. "Hi. Charlie."
"I'm sorry," he whispered, licking his lips and tasting rain. Dragging his head up, he found Tessa in the corner of the cell. She'd gone silent, and very still. Her eyes were wide with something past horror, past dread, mouth slightly ajar as she stared at the incision in Jonah's throat.
Dean makes a face and gets back to work. Cas and Eileen circle the grave without a word, shotguns at the ready, hyper alert in case she returns. And she
"A nest, yeah. Charlie—Charlie found them." Sam scanned a side hallway they passed, flashlight sweeping the corners, the ceiling, before swinging back in front of him. They kept moving.
"—and I knew it couldn't wait, so I left to take care of it. End of story." And he did, technically. He located the nest.
Castiel smiled. "Not really," he admitted. "The last few years have been more eventful than the previous several billion. I'm having difficulty keeping up."
Cas was nowhere to be found. He didn't answer any of their calls, and he offered no indication of when he'd next visit. Sam tried on more than one occasion to ask Dean about what happened with their conversation in the scrapyard, the undercurrent in his voice hedging and careful.
"Yeah, Sam didn't either." He takes a swig of his beer. "It got someone he loved killed. Kid still hasn't forgiven himself for it."
"I can't," Castiel confessed, quiet. The washcloth was cold in his hands. "And I think you're having difficulty stopping, too, Jonah, even if you're afraid of the question. Even if you're afraid of the answer."
Charlie sighed and slumped back in her seat, making the papers in front of her rustle. "I'm the reason you feel so shitty."
"I've been better," he says with a shrug. When he glances at Cas, his smile dies. "Um. You guys sticking around?"
"Sorry, Charlie," Dean muttered. "Your blood's noisy." His hand tightened into a fist around the end of the armrest, and the wood groaned under the strain.
Charlie sets her beer down hard on the counter, making him flinch. "Are you trying to invent a problem?" she asks incredulously.
Everyone seems to be getting their kicks lately by asking him very loaded questions. Dean stands there in Jody's front hallway, leg burning, wondering how the hell he's supposed to answer that.
Castiel closed the book in front of him, equal parts relieved at no longer having to squint at it and dismayed that so much effort had resulted in so little, and decided he would finally go look for Dean. Charlie only nodded and mumbled an exhausted
He spends most of his time in his room, lying in bed with the lights off, and because he's not allowed to stare at any screens or do anything fun, he sleeps. It's hard to remember ever sleeping this much in his life. But he sleeps, a lot, and Cas takes care of him. Comes into his room every couple hours to remind him to take his next dose, supplying him with all the water and soup a man could ever ask for.
"You don't smile like that when you text your brother," she says amicably, and to his eternal embarrassment, his face flushes. Had he been smiling?
Castiel finally dared to look at Dean. His jaw was set, teeth bared and clenched. Castiel could tell he was panicking; a vein at his temple stood out, and he was clearly having difficulty breathing.
Theo gave him a sidelong glance, maintaining his profile as he continued to walk across the cell in front of him. "I am in charge of your interrogation now,
He finds Cas easily enough. There's a workbench stationed near the door hatch, and the gravel around it is littered with sawdust and discarded chunks of wood. Supply boxes, things like nails and wood glue and varnish and sealer, are scattered around the area, too. Cas definitely isn't fucking around. He's built a couple planters, as well as a small corner table, which has his Woodworking For Dummies book lying open on top of it, pages flapping in the wind. Apparently he's given up on trying to keep Dean alive after all, if he's moved on to gardening. Tomatoes are easier to take care of, he'll give him that much.
"And this is just the first part." Jody jerks her chin towards the stack of boxes at the other end of the kitchen. "Still need to unpack everything."
When they get inside, Jody pulls him into a hug that takes up the better part of a minute, and he holds her tight with his free arm.
"I think you're fairly good at it," Castiel said with a smile. Dean rolled his eyes, but a lovely flush crept up his cheeks.
Dean patted his arm, closing his eyes for a moment as he drew in more breath. His head was heavy in Castiel's hand. "I'm never… getting used to that," he muttered, and then dragged the back of his hand across his eyes. "Alright. Let me up."
"I'm saying—" He paused. "I'm saying you may not agree with every decision I make, but it is for the right reasons."
"It took us six weeks to find you," Dean eventually whispered, making him look up. His face was tight with anger. "Six weeks of sitting on our asses."
Dean shook his head at him, disappointed but not surprised. "It's not every day I get to be a mage, Sam."
His eyes slowly adjust to the lack of light, and Dean stares up at the yellowing popcorn moulding on the ceiling. There's a concerning amount of water stains blooming across its surface, along with the ashy-yellow swipes of old cigarette smoke climbing up the wallpaper. Classy digs, his kinda style.
Dean was quiet for a long moment. Cas could see him processing slowly what he'd said, and hoped the words were the right ones this time.
"Fourth?" He blows out a definitely-not-relieved breath and takes another swig of coke. "That's serious."
"So you're not doing anything," she interrupts him, and he glances at her. She keeps her eyes on the road. "You're gonna tell me where they are, and I'll take care of it."
Belatedly, one of Dean's comments finally registered. Castiel frowned as his eyes fell closed. "Sam is here?"
Castiel let his head loll back, staring up at the cuffs suspending both of his hands in the air. They were hooked onto a notch in the pipe along the ceiling, warded against rust and frozen into total immobility. "Is that what we're discussing today?"
"So you received revelation from them," Jonah said. He was curling in on himself, burdened by the task of working through what Castiel was saying.
Dean's apparently not doing a very good job at keeping quiet, because he feels the bed shift beside him. "Dean?" Cas' voice is rough and gravely, dragged from a sound sleep.
"I kicked him in the nuts really hard," Jody says good-naturedly. The laugh he gives is a little bit too hysterical to sound normal, but Claire's mouth quirks all the same. "Go eat. We'll be in soon."
Castiel turned away from the desk and handed him the travel bottle of mouthwash, and Dean took it with a wordless nod of gratitude, uncapping it and swirling a mouthful of it around in his mouth. He spit it into his garbage can, muttering something about cleaning it later, and groaned as he curled his legs up onto the bed and stretched out across the mattress on his back. Dean was in surprisingly good spirits, pushing admirably through this violent bout of illness, but the fact that he allowed Castiel to help him get settled in bed was a significant tell for just how exhausted he was.
He grabbed the manual and frowned down at the page she'd bookmarked. The text was small and his eyes really hurt. Dean began working up the energy to complain about it. "When do we get to play?"
"You're doing well," Cas whispers, but it doesn't sound like he's talking to him. Dean wishes he could see his face; the only light in the room comes from the narrow crack along the bottom of his door, and Cas' body is blocking that out.
Dean let out an exasperated noise. "Because they're—I don't need protection, I don't need you defending me."
Dean trailed a hand across the wall for support as he shuffled to the bathroom. Thankfully the lights were off in the lavatory, though that was probably because the switch was still punched into the wall. He smiled faintly as he felt the broken plastic in the socket on his way inside.
"We aren't letting you walk around with an open wound in your gut," Dean told him. "Stop bitching and keep still."
He glances at the pathologist, and Jody follows his line of sight. "Carl knows," she assures him, and Carl shoots him a smile. "You can talk freely."
"Yes," he conceded grudgingly. He thought of Dean bleeding out on the ground. He thought of the broken mess of his wings covering the floors of his cell. It had been a while since he'd felt the desire to kill another, but it would consume him now if he let it.
Dean dug his cell out of his jeans and accepted the call without looking at who it was, squinting as the harsh light of the screen filled the cab. "Yeah?"
Dean took another sip of his coffee, starting to finally feel halfway human again. Caffeine really was the poor man's cocaine. "You're doing a fantastic job."
Charlie isn't people though, she's Charlie, and she's probably the only person on Earth who he can talk to about this. That doesn't make the conversation any less excruciating.
"Couldn't find anything. All the mausoleums were undisturbed. We looked for secret entrances and holes and stuff, too," she adds, anticipating his next question. "And we checked the other rows on the south side just to be certain. Nothing there, either."
Dean finally looks at him. There's an unreadable expression on his face, but about sixty percent of it Dean has a bad feeling about. "Yeah?"
Castiel considered the offer. It was a generous one. He would prefer to be undisturbed while he worked on repairing his wings—he would still be able to move around and interact with other people, even fight if needed, but he would be distracted, absent. The process would leave him vulnerable, and the bunker was the closest thing to safety he could get.
"How long is it gonna take for you to heal up?" He forced himself to the other side of the room, leaning back against one of the several cluttered tables in Bobby's office, next to Sam, shoving more pizza into his mouth. Cas tracked his movements, expression tight with pain, but collected and level. Dean replaced the twinge of disappointment in his gut with more pizza, quickly finishing off the slice.
Dean was silent for a moment. Castiel lingered on the pattern of his pajama pants—a faded blue tartan, the soft fabric pilling from age and use. They fit Dean loosely, but sitting down, the lean line of his thigh was easily visible through them. Dean's own hands were restless in his lap, his thumb running over a black clot of blood beneath his index fingertip. Castiel had not missed any of his injuries when he had revived Dean, which meant he'd somehow given that to himself in between then and now. It should amuse him, but it frightened him instead. The human body was unspeakably fragile.
He shifted his weight to the other foot, wincing at how tight his jeans were, and swore again. His only options were to give himself the worst case of blue balls he'd had in years, or jack off in Bobby's salvage yard, and it was hard to decide which was the worse option.
he says, over and over. His fingers tangle up in the cheap motel sheets, hard enough that his knuckles pop.
"No tricks," Castiel agreed, and felt the blade cut into his skin as he spoke. "I'm just asking for mercy."
Understanding that nap time was now officially over, Dean sat up. The couch twanged at the movement, and his jacket fell into his lap. He leaned forward to stretch his back out, rubbing at his eyes. "What's up, Cas?"
Cas wheels the chair closer with a frown, but he offers his hand without comment. It slips easily into Dean's palm, and he's taken aback by how warm Cas' skin is, though he doesn't know why. It wasn't like he was particularly cold as an angel. But now he's—not hot, exactly, but warm. Alive. Present in his own body.
in Cas' direction before beelining it to his room. He's not sure what's worse: the intense disappointment festering in his gut, or the fact that Cas probably would've said yes to whatever came out of Dean's mouth, regardless of how he actually feels about it.
Charlie tails them, following them all the way back to the bunker in Cas' shitty Ford. It's late afternoon by the time they get back to Lebanon, and Cas has not thawed out one single inch. Whatever vestigial bits of angel mojo he has left in him, he's clearly using it to fuel his righteous anger. Dean just wishes he'd unleash it a little bit. At least when someone's yelling at him he knows what to do with himself.
It steps further into the room, head and shoulders hunched beneath the low ceiling as it approaches him. Bones crunch beneath its boots—Dean's boots, those are a perfect replica of the pair he's got on—as it makes a beeline for him. The ghoul comes to a stop at his feet, smiling with his own face back at him.
So instead Dean does the responsible thing and holds a hand up to stop him. There should be some sort of award for the amount of restraint he's showing. "I'm good," he says, leaning against the doorframe and trying not to be so obvious about the fact that he's using it to keep himself upright. "I'm good."
Charlie takes it as a personal slight that Dean hasn't seen Firefly, so a marathon is in order. And because Charlie is a horrible, awful person who doesn't love him, he has a coke with his pizza instead of beer.
"Fuck you," Dean spat back, the words coming out mumbled from the force of Castiel's hand on his face. He jerked his head, trying to buck free, and Castiel let go of him. Then he slammed the hood of the trunk down before Dean tried to escape again, and he heard another muffled bump and a string of curses come from inside.
Cas doesn't seem to be in a hurry to pick anything out, so Dean follows along after him at a leisurely pace, walking up and down the narrow rows of tables. He gets weird stares from other customers, probably because of his cast and limp and the bruises on his face, but he doesn't care. Cas is talking to him again.
The bed moves then, and Cas retracts his hand. Something constricts in Dean's chest, a steel band that prevents him from drawing in a full breath. He doesn't have the motor skills right now to ask Cas not to go, and feels like a chump for even attempting it.
"There isn't enough alcohol in South Dakota to intoxicate me," he informed them, teeth clenched as Sam threaded the needle.
He finally met Dean's eyes. They were close enough that Castiel could see clearly the flecks of gold in his irises, speckling the green not unlike the freckles dusting across his cheekbones. This was usually when Dean would pull away from him, clear his throat and stand up to grab a beer, using the sudden expanse of floorspace between them as a palisade. And Castiel would abide that defence without comment. He had done so for years, and done so happily. If this was the kind of company he could keep with Dean, then it would have to be enough. He would have to
it feels to hold him and be held by him, to spend all day in his company and feel like you don't want the day to ever end, and then have to go back to just ogling. He's never starting another fucking argument with Cas again, that's for sure. Even if it takes Dean the rest of his life, he'll figure out how to make Cas happy.
He does another lap around his designated area of the cemetery, eyes peeled for any screaming phantoms, and carefully avoids thinking about anything else. Hunting for ghosts in graveyards sucks ass; it sucks even more ass doing it in Pennsylvania in the middle of March when the ground is still all but frozen. He entertains himself by listening to his teeth clatter in his head.
Castiel touched his shoulder; felt the tension humming beneath his skin. "You don't have to say it out loud," he whispered.
Theo was gagged—he was also injured, bleeding from a wound in both his shoulder and his knee. Oren cleared his throat.
"Fuck this case," Dean whispers emphatically, his sentiment punctuated by a torrent of unholy wailing behind them. Sam grunts in agreement.
"Not necessarily." Jesus, he's tired. It feels like he has a sleep hangover. Is that normal with weed? "Any of Mariam's marrow missing?"
Cas wrapped an arm around him. His nose dipped into the hollow of Dean's throat, breathing in the scent of his skin, which was faintly sticky with sweat.
Cas suddenly looks immensely pleased with himself, and he tucks the bottle away between the pillows before rolling towards Dean. Cas is a solid wall of heat and muscle overtop him, and Dean helpfully tips his hips up, bracing his feet on the bed, and can't help the gasp that escapes him when he feels Cas' hand between his legs, brushing over his ass.
Dean opens his eyes to find Cas sitting on the edge, half-turned in his direction. The bottle in his hand rests on his thigh, momentarily forgotten. He seems weirdly quiet, and the look he gives Dean is full of worry.
"Well, it's the truth," Mary says, sounding annoyed. "You're not a little boy anymore. I don't need to hide it from you. And it's the only way to move forward. Deal with things as they happen. Otherwise—"
They don't stay in Michigan. Mom needs help with a vamp nest in Virginia, and it's big enough that Sam and Eileen come up to help, too. They make a good pair, and Sam is surprised by the hug Dean throws his way.
"Somehow," Cas echoes, the word ending in a sigh. He holds his hand out in front of him, watching the rain slowly dew on his palm. There are smudges of dirt and other furniture-related grease on his hands, and Dean watches a droplet form a near-perfect sphere on top of Cas' grimy index finger.
He manages to stagger into the library just in time to see Cas set his phone down on the table, and coughs to announce his presence. Cas looks up immediately, and it hits Dean again all over how beautiful he is. Like, look at him! he wants to shout. I get to wake up next to this guy. He's flushed from the sun, and the front of his shirt is speckled with wood grain, wilted with sweat. There's even some flecks of it in his hair, dishevelled from the heat and sticking up near the back.
Jonah was breathing harshly. His vessel was sweating; his shirt was awry. The angel blade fell away, hanging loosely in his fingers beside him. "Then…." His throat worked. "If God can be wrong, what is right? Where do you find it?"
"Shut up," his brother muttered into the concrete floor, coughing. He jerked his wrists, making the chair creak. "Help me up."
"I know that, dude," he says testily. "I'm not—I'm not mad at you about that. You—" He huffs out a laugh. "You gave that up for me, for us, for Sam, all of it."
A deep rending sound cut off his words. They all looked up, and listened as part of the ceiling collapsed somewhere nearby. He could hear screaming.
Dean sits up on an elbow. God, he's being such a freak about this that it's making Cas unsure again, which is the absolute last thing he wants.
you were gonna skip out on me the second I turned my back on you. And then I would have to explain, to Cas, by myself, why his extremely injured and extremely
this is the most "case fic" part of the story, so general warning for show levels of gore and violence. there's also a non-consensual use of a needle if that's a deal-breaker. thanks again for all the lovely comments so far!!
It's late into the evening now. His body is sore, overused and overhandled in a way he's entirely unused to. Parts of himself he forgot even existed are aching, but that doesn't stop him from tucking himself into Cas' side, soaking up every ounce of contact he can get. Cas is a lot lazier with his touches now, mostly sticking to idly tracing his fingers up and down Dean's arm.
Dean tossed the shirt and sweater on the bed beside him. "Get dressed," he ordered, and then left the room.
Undeterred, Cas pressed on. "My duties in Heaven were not the only things keeping me away. I've been avoiding returning to Earth on purpose."
Dean figured there was nothing worse than spending six hours in a car arguing with Cas about his various string of fuck-ups. He figured wrong. The correct answer to that question is complete and utter silence. The radio doesn't even get turned on. For six hours.
"There's a lotta noise in your head, Dean," the ghoul tells him, watching him with amusement as the other ghoul grabs a fistful of his hair, sticking the needle in him and pressing down on the plunger. "If it makes you feel any better, we were planning on nabbing the sheriff before you came along." The ghoul laughs his own laugh back at him. "Now I can go right up to her front door and do the honours there. Much better accommodations. Where'd you park your car again?"
"It's a case," Cas repeats slowly, so that Dean, who is an idiot, can understand the words he's saying. Then Cas' eyes dart to the door, mapping his exit plan, and he adjusts the duffel over his shoulder. "I have to leave," he says, tone more careful now, like he practiced the words in his head before he said them. "We'll discuss this when I come back."
Dean pulled back again, eyes searching his face, panicked and wild and pupils blown with adrenaline. He was already shaking his head, and it made Castiel smile. As he always did, as he always would do, Dean Winchester resisted.
"Good," he whispered. His eyes dropped to Dean's mouth, still in disbelief that he knew what they felt and tasted like. When he ducked his head, though, Dean pulled back.
He glanced at Charlie then. He didn't know her very well, but he liked her a great deal. She was warm and affable, happy to explain anything he didn't understand, and she always spoke animatedly about things. He knew more was bothering her than just the research.
Dean isn't sure how Cas does it. Only he could make words like 'miscommunication' and 'resolve' sound that hot, and over the phone no less. There's no doubt in his mind what Cas thinks
But Cas is moving, tapping his cheek to get his attention, and Dean musters the strength to speak. "Huh?"
It takes him a solid forty-eight hours to finally pony up and do the second thing, but no one ever said the arc of history bent quickly.
"What?" Dean led them out into the hall, sweeping his pistol in either direction to confirm they were alone before looking back at them. "No way. Let's go."
Dean's bloodshot eyes rolled around in their sockets, glancing sightlessly around the room before landing on Castiel. His face was drawn, pale, shiny with sweat. He'd removed his flannel, leaving him shivering in his t-shirt, though he was hot to the touch.
Cas is smiling at him, the corners of his eyes crinkling, and he wants so badly to lean over and kiss him that it's a wonder the desire doesn't physically manifest itself in the cab of the Impala like some horny little cupid.
Castiel was given a wash basin to clean himself. He knew it was done to humiliate him, to remind him that he lacked the ability to maintain his vessel as he normally would, but it only reminded him of Dean. How desperately he would seek out a body of water or working faucet to clean his hands once his hunting was complete; how he would cup river water in his palms and pass it over his face in Purgatory, bemoaning the lack of any plumbing. Castiel had memorised the movements of his hands and mimicked them now, not just washing the blood and sweat from his skin but participating in the methodical ritual of ablution. It was painful, the water seeping into all the cuts that had not been healed for him, and he took more than one break to give his body a rest. He enjoyed the task far more than counting flecks or watching dust.
They arrived at Dean's room and he slipped them both inside, guiding Dean to sit on his bed and then grabbing his toiletry bag off his desk to search for the little bottles of mouthwash both he and his brother always stocked up on.
No, that's not right. A lot of things are right, technically. They have a house. It's a bunker built into the side of a hill, but that's still a house. It has a garage, too, so Baby doesn't have to suffer the slings and arrows of bird shit and storm cells. They have food—stored inside a fridge that works, even. His brother is alive. Cas is alive. Hell, even Mom is alive, and there are very few times in Dean's life when he could've confidently said that was true. All of that checks out. Uncontested facts, to borrow from Sam's fancy pre-law lexicon. It's on to discovery.
"No, it isn't." Cas ducks down to kiss him, halting further discussion, which is perfectly fine with Dean. Arguing about movies is for losers who aren't having sex.
There was a tug at his elbow, and he let his arm drop. Cas was staring at him with that too-serious stare of his. It was tempered now with arousal, a tight heat that made his eyes unfocus a little, and Dean would have found it really hot if not for the current topic of conversation.
Castiel stared him down. Dean, as ever, was resolute and uncompromising, almost welcoming the challenge. It was as admirable as it was dangerous.
His chin scrunches up, and his vision blurs again, and he's seriously going to cry on the night of losing his very-much-not-virginity to a guy he's already slept with a bunch of times, because it's
Charlie was quiet while he pretended to look at what each cantrip did, and only after several minutes of strained silence did he register that as weird.
"Yes," he forced himself to say, barely hearing the man. Theo stared up at him from where he was lying on the ground. The easy, amused rage that he had worn like a badge whenever he came into Castiel's cell was gone now. The defiance in his eyes was weak, and could not hide what was below it; open terror.
There's a furrow in Cas' brow as he glances around the room, the gears churning in his head as he tries to remember if he's forgetting anything. Sulking clearly isn't working on him, and it's getting down to the wire, so Dean tries a different tact.
He tosses Cas his sleaziest grin, so he knows he means business. "Let's get this show on the road, baby."
And, like the arrogant asshole Cas is, Dean can feel him growing hard against his stomach, because he's just got that much stamina despite the fact that he's physically in his early forties and cosmically in his billions. But he's got it that bad for
Because Charlie hadn't planned on going hunting when she packed, and because Dean still can't fit his cast into a dress shirt, they both show up at the station wearing their regular civilian get up. He figures they can get away with it in this case, anyway—Sioux Falls has dealt with enough supernatural bullshit in the last handful of years that the sheriff calling in some randos to consult on a bizarro cannibal murder case isn't all that weird.
"Come on, poindexter, take a break." Dean nudges the pages with the edge of Cas' plate, and he pushes both his journal and the book aside as Dean slides the plate in front of him.
"Oh." Cas' expression flickers with indecision, the lines of exhaustion on his face sharpening. "Of course."
Dean's head blocked out the overhead bulb, casting his features in sharp relief. Castiel thought his eyes were wet, but couldn't be sure. Something flashed across his face, something unreadable. It made Dean's jaw tick, set hard in determination, as if overlooking a precipice and wondering whether or not to jump.
At first it looks like the ground around him is littered with grey wood chips, the kind they put under swing sets in parks so kids aren't falling on asphalt when they jump off the swings. The distinct arch of a hip bone nearby blows a huge hole in that theory, though, and he realises that he's surrounded by bone fragments. Most of the skeletons look pretty old, definitely dug up from graves. Almost all of them are split open, splintered and broken, sucked dry of their marrow.
"Cas…." He closed his eyes and leaned towards him, his head resuming its post on Castiel's shoulder. His arms wrapped around his back, sagging his weight against him.
It's so hard to meet Cas' eyes. Is he seriously asking him that? Rubbing it in Dean's face how much of a better person he is? He won't talk to him for six hours while they're stuck in a car together, but the minute Dean says he's not feeling good, the concern comes right out.
"So you're still—" Dean pushed aside Cas' coat to look at the wound, at the blood covering his shirt. "Bleeding. That's great."
After minutes of struggle, they were both, somehow, on their feet. Dean sighed in relief, like this was some sort of triumph, and held Castiel back by the arms, grinning at him. Sweat prickled across his brow. "There," he said breathlessly. "Not so tough, was it?"
"I could ask you the same thing," he shot back, giving him a once over. He was still missing both his trench coat and jacket, leaving him in his wrinkled white shirt and dusty dress pants. There was dried blood spotting his collar and speckled on his sleeves, one of which had been carelessly shoved halfway up his forearm. The haggard look on Cas' face, plus the mussed hair, completed the look.
You are hiding, he wants to say to her. You left me and Sam, and then Sam left, and Cas is probably two weeks away from being completely fed up with me. And then I'll be in a bunker all by myself, hiding.
Charlie's expression grew worse as he talked, and she was edging towards despondent now. Sam's comment about his poor bedside manner intruded to the forefront of his mind, and he shoved it back down. "I'm just saying," he said with a shrug, taking a swig of warm bottled water. "Hunting is shitty work. Do yourself a favour and don't dwell on it. And I'm gonna be fine, anyway," he added, smiling. "This'll be over in a couple days."
Non-consensual therapy session aside, he's grateful that she's here. He still isn't steady enough to cook all of his own meals yet, and he definitely can't drive, so Charlie makes them breakfast in the mornings and goes into town to pick up whatever food they order. One of the downsides of living in a bunker is that most delivery drivers won't come anywhere near the place.
Castiel bent down and grabbed the arm of the chair, hauling Dean back into a proper upright position. He was less than grateful for the assistance, lunging in Castiel's direction with teeth bared. The restraints made the action pointless, producing little more than a concerning creak from the chair, but Castiel could feel how malicious the intent of it was, even without looking at the vicious expression contorting Dean's face. The Mark of Cain was hungry, and so was Dean. This was not good.
"No, no, no," he says quickly, and his eyes slit with pleasure when Cas resumes his tracing. "No, it's great, it's cool. But you said—you said you were having trouble feeling human."
Dean watches him. He isn't the sort of person to use words like dappled very often, but the sunlight filtering through the trees is putting ideas in his head. Cas looks good in the sun. He looks good in any kind of weather, granted, but he's made for bright places.
"Thank you," he said witheringly. Then he heaved a deep sigh, and looked at his door. "Guess that's your cue."
"You're still wet from before," he says quietly, and Dean is thankful that he's already a pile of goo on the bed, because otherwise he'd combust.
"How's Claire been with you?" She'd been grumpy all morning, though Dean figures that's mostly on account of her being forced to wake up at dawn.
The motel they get pays by the hour. Jody lays down enough cash to cover five, which Dean thinks is a little excessive, but there's an air conditioning unit in the room and black-out blinds, so he keeps his mouth shut.
"Charlie's with you?" Castiel frowned, expanding his Grace and his senses. It strained him, taking too long, and by the time he registered Charlie's presence here, Sam was already answering him.
"So do you like, shut down?" Dean asked him, lying next to him in the dark. He kept his hands to himself now, carefully folded on his stomach. The space between them may as well have been a canyon.
He glanced over his shoulder. "It's what is expected of me," he corrected her. "I do what is required, so that we can succeed. I want us to succeed, Hannah."
They fall quiet. Dean leans into Cas without noticing—or caring. He gets the two confused a lot these days. The joints in his fingers ache, his back protests sitting on hard metal, and his arms burn from all the goddamn lifting. And Cas is warm beside him, solid like nothing else. Dean's never had the pleasure of testing this theory, but he bets there'd be a good night's sleep waiting for him if he ever rested his head on Cas' shoulder.
Dimly, as if from very far away, he registered a presence in the room. Castiel lifted his head up, only curious now. There was nothing left to be afraid of.
"It's made me re-evaluate what's going on between us," Cas continues, and Dean realises then that he was right after all. This is the other shoe dropping. He feels an intense and sudden kinship to Cas' collapsing planter.
Cas' warmth and the proximity are both very distracting, so it takes him a second to register the words he's saying. Dean frowns up at him. "You mean The Matrix? That's a great movie!"
They hung apart, frozen, until Dean was certain his brother was gone. He let go of Castiel's shirt and sat on the edge of his desk, burying his face into one of his hands.
"Are you alright?" Cas starts towards him, and for a moment Dean considers fainting in his direction. He'd catch him, Cas always catches him, but the guy's clearly worried sick and that would freak him out.
"Nightstand," Dean gets out breathlessly, leaning his weight on his elbows again, and stares forlornly down at his own dick. It throbs angrily, denied any attention, while Cas rifles through his drawer for the bottle of lube in there. It's probably shoved to the back with how little action it's been getting lately.
There was a beat of awkward silence that followed. Cas on a good day was prone to exiting conversations whenever it struck him; every word out of him now sounded forced, as if being pushed through a membrane.
"Yeah, I know." He sets his coffee down on the table and takes a deep breath. God dammit. "Listen, I can drive up there, help you out."
He glared at her, fuming. He could feel it in the room, their Graces brushing, filling the air with static and mist.
Sam rudely lords his service industry experience over him by repeatedly explaining how to fold a fitted sheet—not possible, literally magic, and also bullshit—and Dean debates how much it would cost him to start a fight over fitted sheets.
A thin strip of skin along the length of his calf has been removed. The cut is surgical, almost like some sort of biopsy was done on him. It's less than an inch across, and about five inches lengthwise. The cut isn't especially deep, but it hurts like a sonuva, and blood is oozing out of the wound, slathering across his leg and the ruined material of his pants. Man, and he liked these jeans, too.
Sam said nothing, watching Castiel string Dean's boots together. It was easy to catch the edge in Dean's voice—concern for his brother tainted by something angry and volatile.
He let Sam have the shower. Instead he went to the nearest guest bed and collapsed onto the mattress, only pausing long enough to kick off his boots. He was asleep before his head hit cotton.
The only response he gets is a brief twitch of acknowledgement. Cas taps away at the screen for several more dedicated moments before sighing and setting his phone down on the table, looking up at Dean. "What?"
Only Cas could make 'you smell like shit, go deal with it' sound loving. Dean grins. "What, is my smell bothering you?"
All of the breath escaped Dean's lungs in a final, long exhale, and Castiel finally felt him relax against him. Dean's hand curled overtop his where it rested on his abdomen.
"Come on in," Sam called, and Dean sidled in through the door, as if afraid to open it too wide. His eyes slid past his brother, landing on Castiel.
There was no strength left in him to look up at Dean, so he simply nodded, and felt Dean's hands working at the links in his cuffs. He unhooked them from their notch on the pipe, and all at once Castiel collapsed.
And after all this, after all his years of hunting, he can't take any more bodies weighing on him. The kind of body count he's carrying around—the ticks that are etched permanently onto the inside of his skull—could fill chalkboards.
He could hear the fighting continue upstairs. It raged on, and it was impossible to tell who was winning. Theo said his men were losing, but he couldn't be certain if that was the truth. The angels battling above all sounded the same. The air itself was heavy with static, crackling between atoms in discharged celestial intent. It smelled like rain.
Hannah stepped away, to the desk in the office. That was another thing his siblings were still becoming accustomed to. Angels had an infinite upper limit on the amount of information they could receive and transmit, but a human brain did not. They required a complex system of external memory storage in the form of journals and computers and post-it notes. They made lists and wrote things down on their hands. They took photos so that they would not forget what they saw. Despairing over such limitations was pointless, but it was also difficult not to.
The bunker isn't a house, exactly. It feels more like an apartment block, or dorm, or something. Everyone's got their own rooms, the kitchen is big enough to support a full catering staff, and it would be easy to spend three weeks in the archives and still not find every nook and cranny and secret door in the place. Bottom line, it's not hard to find a space to be alone if needed, and it's also the most populated place Dean's ever lived in. Excluding Sonny's, maybe, but that place was never really his. He doesn't need to write his name on a piece of tape and stick it to his headboard to convince everyone his room is his own here, and there's no sign-in sheet at the front door.
"I can repair whatever damage Jimmy Novak's body sustains," Cas protested. He was fighting against Dean's attempts to sit him back down onto the couch, and there was a surprising amount of resistance left in him. Dean took that as a good thing.
"It's just weird," Sam murmured, and sounded like he was going to offer a theory as to why when a scrape of wings filled the room.
"Hello," he said politely, glancing around the room. He didn't look like he was searching for anything in particular, but there was still a disappointed tug of his brow at whatever he found.
"No, but this serves His wishes. Our prime directive, the one Bartholomew is following; we must protect Heaven."
In a stroke of what Dean reluctantly considers good luck, they actually do spend the next week holed up in the bunker, though he spends very little of it on his mattress.
Sam nodded. His mouth twitched, though he didn't offer an explanation why. "Okay," he said after a moment, like he'd come to some decision. "Maybe mention that again to him? He'll probably get over whatever mood he's in. I really don't think it's a big deal."
"Hey, bitch." Dean cocked his head, and without waiting for an answer, he kicked Theo in the ribs. He howled around his gag. "Thought you'd be a better warrior."
Dean's voice was muffled, coming from the other end of the hall. The cry was desperate; the hysteria had come to the fore. Castiel ducked out of the storage closet he'd been looking through and ran down the hall, following the sound of Dean talking.
Despite everything, Dean finds himself smiling. They're both so dorky it makes his chest hurt. "Does that mean you're gonna start paying rent?"
"Yeah," he huffs. "I can relate." Dean's sure there weren't any big blowout fights in the Mills household where Jody told Alex to get lost and don't come back, but that was never the part about Sam going to Stanford that fucked with his head. Or not the primary thing, anyway.
"You remember our discussion of Laplace," Cas says then. It's not a question. Man, he's not letting this go.
"No, I'm—Sam, what? What did you say? No, it's your brother." Cas sighs and shoots him an irritated look. "Sam says hello."
He grabs more socks from the basket. Cas is wearing jeans, too, which is something he still hasn't figured out how to process. It's clothes that normal people wear, the kind that don't hide every single interesting line of your body beneath a giant beige blanket. Dean wonders if it would've taken him this long to sleep with Cas had he not constantly worn that trenchcoat everywhere. And he likes the coat, it's Cas' favourite coat, but it didn't pucker and roll under the strength of his shoulders, or hug the slim line of his hips. It may as well have been a suit of armour.
"You heard?" Cas' mouth ticks up. "She told me earlier this afternoon. She's very excited about it."
Dean scrubs a hand over his face. "No, man, I meant—I mean let's just hash it out, alright? You clearly have shit you wanna say."
"Sure." Dean leaned against the dresser, arms crossed. He looked completely unreachable, though he was only a few feet away.
"Uh, no. Not for a couple months. Worst of it's passed, I think." He sipped at his tea again. "I'm mostly just—I don't know. I get this fog sometimes, like I can't focus on what I'm doing. But I'm good, Cas," he added, smiling at him. "You don't need to worry about me."
Castiel had also been provided with a washcloth, which he dipped into the water now. "I thought our prime directive was standing guard over His creation."
"No," Dean agreed. Then he shoved up from the desk. Cas reached for him a final time, knowing he had to savour it. Dean flinched as a matter of course, and then relaxed when Castiel settled his hand on his shoulder. His earlier bravery was gone; better to play it safe.
"Don't touch him," Castiel warned, seeing Sam reach for his brother. He let go of one of Dean's arms and grabbed his head, shoving it down so that it wouldn't hit the hood. "Get in."
Jonah sat in the centre of the cell, legs crossed underneath him. He watched Castiel dip his hands into the basin; watched him pick the blood from beneath the crescents of his fingernails. His leg was healed now, after a protracted negotiation with Jonah. He found that his brother was best persuaded on the basis of utility as opposed to kindness or mercy. A broken leg was agonising, yes, but it was also distracting. Jonah had healed him, working the broken spokes of bone back together with all the care of an angel who had been purpose-built to nourish structural connections.
Theo stepped around Dean's corpse, grabbed Castiel by the chain of his cuffs, and hauled him upright. He fixed his hands back to the pipe, and then wrapped his hand around Castiel's jaw. Dean's blood was still hot on his skin.
And the shittiest part about this whole mess, aside from all the flesh wounds and the daytime television he's forced to watch, is that the person he so desperately wants to vent to about this is currently doing Olympic-level gymnastics to never be in the same room with him. Cas avoids him like he's fucking diseased. Dean's too raw to think about solving any of his problems or having difficult conversations where he says things like
"All freshened up?" Sam asked, and there was a knowing look on his face. Not judgemental—more like concerned, like he knew that Dean had been stalling. Like he'd be asking him about it later.
Cas grabs the hem of his shirt, tugging insistently, and Dean has to force himself to stop kissing him long enough to let Cas tug it up over his head. The breath punches out of him as he feels Cas' hands on his bare skin, sliding across his ribs, up his back, palms warm and large and so, so, so good. His nails dig slightly into Dean's shoulder when he kisses him again, and he knows he's not gonna survive the end of this. He'll be lucky if he stays coherent for the next sixty seconds.
Cas stands up. The plates clatter on the table from the movement, and Dean blinks away the moisture someone put over his eyes as Cas grabs his arm. His fingers are too tight around his bicep, biting into the fabric of his shirt.
in a really passive aggressive way, so Eileen knows they're just shooting the shit instead of calling in their own impending doom.
Charlie goes to the fridge and extracts more beer. Walking over to the kitchen table, she sits across from him and places two fresh bottles in front of them.
"You're very funny," Theo commented, watching the light flicker and belch around his blade where it was plunged into Castiel. "And resourceful. You don't think Bartholomew isn't aware of what you were trying to do to Jonah? What you did to Naomi?"
Dean was reaching for the bottle when he suddenly jerked, retching, and Castiel got him turned towards the toilet just in time for him to vomit again.
He braces his good hand on his knee, leaning forward and taking deep breaths. He should've brought a water bottle with him. And sunglasses. And worn a lighter shirt.
"I'm starting to figure that out, yeah." She closed her laptop and rubbed at her eyes. "I don't know. Dean told me not to sweat it, but I did fuck up pretty bad, and now he's the one dealing with my mistake."
Castiel was sitting on the edge of the bed, adjusting the heel of his shoe, when Dean sighed and shifted around. "Cas?" he asked, voice rough with sleep and confusion. Then, in a much softer tone, full of knowing, he said, "oh. Hey."
Which is supposed to calm him down, take some of the pressure off, but it doesn't, because nobody's ever cared that much about him before. What's the point of having Dean Winchester around if you can't fuck him or call in a favour?
Dean sank lower into his seat, squinting at the book and rubbing at his eyes. The sunglasses made the text hard to read, but it was way too bright in the library and his headache was already bad enough.
"Yes!" he snaps, like it's the most obvious thing in the world, and it hits Dean centre of mass, threatening to bowl him over. "Yes, Dean, of course I'm leaving. I—" Cas scrubs a hand over his face, clearly struggling to tolerate being in the same room with him. "I don't understand what's going on with you, but we are not having this discussion right before I drive out of state."
Following quietly and unobtrusively beside him, Cas was doing a poor job of looking like himself—or, well, whatever passed for himself in Jimmy Novak. Every visible line of his body was tightly strung, his movements too precise and careful, as if he were rehearsing each step. His expression was distant, and not in the usual way. There was a deep and mournful set to the faint creases around his eyes, the look of a man who had long ago lost the energy to go on and had to continue anyway.
He slept fitfully. The wind rocked the car every so often, and snow pelted the windows. There was only so much rest a man could get with his knees tucked up to his chin and a headache for a pillow, even as exhausted as he was. When his phone buzzed in his pocket, he was almost relieved he didn't have to keep pretending he was asleep.
