." Sherlock said forcefully, reaching across John to grab his farthest shoulder to try and turn his torso to face Sherlock. John looked down and closed his eyes, letting Sherlock man-handle him. He tried not to think about the comforting warmth that followed Sherlock's touch, or that Sherlock didn't pull his hand away once John was facing him. He kept it solidly on John's bad shoulder, gentle but firm.
He was surprised to see that Sherlock had moved from his spot on the couch, and was now standing in the kitchen by the dining table. Sherlock turned, hearing John's footsteps. The look that greeted Sherlock made him strangely... happy. John looked concerned, and perhaps he was also a bit mad, but mostly he had a caring look about him.
John stared wide-eyed at Sherlock before he left out a surprised laugh. Sherlock paused as he looked over the first message, slowly turning his head to look at John.
"Let's just say I was curious and did some research. Don't worry, nothing lewd will be in your web history. It was purely educational." John laughed and shook his head in disbelief.
John opened his eyes for a second and leaned down, locking lips with Sherlock in a deep kiss. They both could only last for a few seconds before having to breathe, but John kept his lips close to Sherlock's.
, Cap'n?" A look of horror passed over his face when John tilted his head slightly and gave him a daring look. "I-I mean- I didn't mean it like-"
"I'm not an expert on psychosis," John glanced at Sherlock who was still looking through the window at Oliver, "but it certainly seems like some form of schizophrenia."
"Why have another window if there's no room?" John questioned and Sherlock glanced at him.
"You won't shoot." The man heaved out, grinning madly. How he was qualified to care for the mentally ill, John wasn't sure. He looked quite literally mad.
"You're wanting one of us to see if he's got an ID."
John let out a harsh breath and immediately relaxed, shoulders lowering and fists releasing their fighting grip.
On the floor just below the deck, most of the crew were eating and drinking, chatting merrily among themselves. It wasn't until they heard over this chatter the thud of John's cane walking across the wood floor that they realized that their captain had come back from interrogating the prisoner. John, Sherlock, and Peter watched the faces of the crew change from happiness to confusion to resentment. Most of the crew, John remembered, were street rats like Peter when John offered them a place on his ship. They had all been no younger than twenty when John found them, though - much older than Peter.
"It's okay, they're here just in case I need help." John reassured, patting his shoulder gently. John gave the officers a pointed look and they each took a step back. The smarter ones took an extra two steps. "While we walk, why don't you tell me about your psychiatrist? I'm sure one of these officers will gladly contact them for you."
"Your posture, vernacular, and even your injuries all suggest 'military'." Sherlock explained. "Your injury in your right leg is mostly psychosomatic, pain that stems from trauma. Bullet wound in the calf without an exit wound, meaning the bullet's still lodged there. Your left shoulder also has psychosomatic pain, to a degree. You're left-handed but you use your right hand, suggesting learned co-dominance over time. You command the crew just as you would soldiers, and despite your injuries you still manage to stand at parade rest with few minor adjustments." Sherlock glanced around the room idly, continuing with, "Besides, you're clearly a pirate for the adventure. Just look at your room: lightly decorated but highly efficient. I doubt anything in this room is over fifty euro. You crave the adrenaline now just as much as you did in the army."
"Your note," John's face settled into cold seriousness within an instant, staring down his prisoner, "
"Oh, alright."
She repeated, her eyes widening a bit. "Are you police?"
"Ah, yes," Sherlock answered before John could deny the offer, "I'd like to investigate the basement."
"It's not like you to admit such things." John murmured. "Are you alright?"
John turned his torso toward Sherlock and leaned in, allowing himself to be guided down on top of Sherlock as the taller man laid down. Lips pressed together but for a moment as John trailed his lips down to Sherlock's neck. With the tip of his tongue he licked upwards over Sherlock's pulse point, following the gesture with the flat of his tongue, and Sherlock hummed happily. Long fingers buried themselves in John's hair, encouraging John to continue, so he did. His mouth traveled down to Sherlock's collar bones, down his sternum, and over his ribs, shifting his body downwards as he did so. John could feel Sherlock's thudding pulse against his lips, fighting back a smirk when Sherlock whined as John sucked a red mark into the detective's pale skin. John pulled back, admiring his artwork, then pressed gentle kisses over the mark.
"For a homosexual encounter?"
"I'm sure, cuppa." John kissed her forehead. "How about in the morning you tell me what you dreamed about, and we'll see if our little trick helped."
." John growled, glaring at Peter, and Peter's defiance shrunk away immediately. He scuttled off after a couple seconds of shock, and John looked at Sherlock who was gripping one of the bars of the iron cage he was in.
but not knowing where.
"Don't. Move." John growled, staring down the man. He was in his thirties, maybe young forties, with balding brown hair and green eyes.
Captain Watson deciphers the note and finds the next lead, and forges a deal with a stowaway the crew locked in the brig.
"So long as I'm granted the same luxury with you," Sherlock watched John's hand check the tape on the bandage before he brushed his fingers over Sherlock's ribs. The ticklish feeling lasted but a moment because John's palm pressed against the same spot. John could feel Sherlock's thudding heartbeat through his rib cage.
John stopped at the entrance and rolled his shoulders, trying to shake off the flustered nerves, then opened the wood-and-glass door that looked more like it belonged to a moderately decent house than a business. A bell chimed as John walked into a small waiting room, the floor a warm-colored wood and the walls covered with blended hues of blue in an ombre effect, the darkest blue being at the bottom. In front of a wall opposite the entrance was a wooden desk with a computer monitor, keyboard, mouse, and various administrative writing supplies. A young woman in pink pastel scrubs sat at the desk, typing something on the computer in front of her. Her hair was pulled up into a bun on the back of her head and perched on her nose was a pair of black-rimmed prescription glasses.
"You were an army doctor." Sherlock stated plainly. His accuracy startled John. "Your books. They're medical journals."
John and Sherlock start their investigation of the halfway house's basement, trying to find the window Oliver had escaped from.
"We?" John repeated. The woman gestured to the door John had been looking at moments before and started to stand.
John remembered waking Rosie up with his night terror and his frown deepened. "Oh, sweetheart, you don't need to worry about that. Daddy has special dreams, dreams that you don't need to worry about having." Rosie tucked her teary face into John's neck, sniffling. "And if you do have a scary dream, just call for me and I'll be right here."
"Right, boy," John prompted, pushing his cape off his good leg. John lifted his leg and the boy crawled out from under it. "Mind explaining what that was all about?"
"They're not
"I learned as a child, but I assume you mean when did I learn to lockpick
"That's my friend Sherlock," John explained to Oliver. "He's here to help you."
"Or perhaps likes him too much?" Sherlock added. John shot him a warning look as Isabelle looked down at her hands on her lap. Sherlock met his gaze and rolled his eyes, focusing on Isabelle again as she looked back up.
"This isn't the time, John." Sherlock said with a clenched jaw. "Now start look-"
The door to the flat opened before either could continue speaking. Both men flinched slightly, startled by the noise of the door creaking open and Rosie bumbling in holding her favorite teddy bear. They had both been so lost in their conversation and confessions that they hadn't heard Ms. Hudson and Rosie drive up.
of all things? It made no logical sense.
"You can try and vouch for her aim all you want," John said defensively, "but... you flat-lined, Sherlock.
"'Course, Cap'n, of course." Peter beamed. "I'll make a cap'n yet, ey?"
"In the brig, sir."
." John spat out the term, glaring daggers at the caged detective. "His name is Peter. Use it next time."
"How do you-?" He started to demand, then stopped abruptly when he noticed the note in John's hand again. They both knew that the man had figured out how John knew about whoever, or whatever, this 'Redbeard' was. John held up the note, keeping the written-on side facing away from the man.
"As it seems that your Captain already knows," Sherlock started, "I'm a consulting detective. I solve cases that Scotland Yard cannot-"
"Cap'n, there's a stowaway." Peter confessed. "He was trying to abandon ship toward the island through a porthole when we found him."
Peter rolled his eyes and stood up, and John grabbed his cane that was leaning against the arm of his chair. With a grunt of effort John stood up and limped with Peter back to the ship. Well, after John checked outside to make sure no Yarders were scouting the place for Peter, of course.
"If you can find any, or if you can find someone who knows where they are, can you get a pillow and a couple blankets for Oliver?" John opened his mouth to continue explaining, but Sherlock cut him off.
Stopping within Sherlock's personal space, John looked up at the taller man's eyes. Out of nervous habit, his tongue darted out to wet his lips.
"I know what you mean to say." Sherlock opened the door and walked in, leaving it open for John. "At least, I think I do. As you know I'm not good at identifying emotions."
Sherlock, deep down, knew why. It was because John was close to him. He didn't know why his heart raced when John was near, but it did and it always had.
"Definitely not." John agreed. "I might not have realized it, but I've been waiting for this for a long time."
Sherlock and John uncover a lead from Oliver when John attempts to transfer him out of Lestrade's office and into a prepared interrogation room.
"Breathe, baby." John purred next to Sherlock's ear, smiling against his neck. "You've got to breathe." The detective took a shaky breath, forcing his lungs to cooperate with him, and the heavy weight on his ribs lessened just a bit. "There you go." John grinned devilishly and reached back with one hand to stroke along the outside of Sherlock's thigh as he licked a stripe along Sherlock's exposed neck. Sherlock felt a shiver run up his nerves from the sensations and moaned breathily.
Sherlock stared wide-eyed back at him, wearing a white button up, black slacks, and his favorite blue bath robe.
"Do you remember if you've slept at all since the meeting?" John asked, a tinge of worry to his voice. Oliver stared blankly at the plain table in front of him for a long moment, then slowly shook his head.
The crew hesitantly nodded, and John smiled, pleased. "Alright then. Wait until further orders." John turned his head to look at Sherlock and Peter, telling them quietly as the conversation began to pick back up in the room, "Follow me."
John reached between them with his left hand, putting all his weight on his right, and wrapped his fingers around Sherlock's length. It was hot to the touch and throbbing, begging for attention, and John was more than willing to give said attention. He stroked Sherlock's erection in time with his hips thrusting into the detective, and Sherlock groaned loudly. John stopped his pelvis and put his right hand over Sherlock's mouth.
"I'm not a 'child'." Peter grumbled. "I'm thirteen!"
"I thought so, too." The corner of Sherlock's mouth turned upwards a little bit. "My closest guess is that I began to associate you with my work. It occurred to me after I tried to solve a murder case with Molly."
there between them.
As Ms. Hudson rounded the corner of the kitchen to discard of the shirt and start dinner, John walked into the sitting room and over to Sherlock. Rosie was trailing behind him, carrying a stuffed bunny. As John set down his medical supplies on the couch, Rosie walked over and threw the bunny onto the cushion beside Sherlock. Sherlock watched her grab the bear she discarded on the floor earlier and repeated the same action with it, the bear landing next to the bunny.
have you stowed away on my ship,
"Um..." Rosie rubbed her eyes with her sleeve, and John decided it was best to let her get away with it this time rather than chide her. "I like bubbles."
"And now you and Ms. Hudson are taking care of my child because her father isn't strong enough." John scowled, starting to shake with emotion. "Isn't
When John failed to respond Sherlock glanced over at him and frowned softly. His Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed and looked away once again, continuing, "I apologize. I didn't mean to bring it back to your conscious mind."
"Of course I do." Sherlock's hand squeezed John's shoulder gently, his thumb idly smoothing over John's jumper. "I was far more surprised to deduce that
"What happened?" John asked, glancing over as Sherlock walked up to Lestrade's office window to peer inside.
needed
"Who?" John leans over so he can see the young man, grimacing as sore muscles move underneath the skin and clothes. Suddenly, the young man perks up, eyes softening with surprise and... concern?
"Wait." John stopped her, putting up a hand and stepping in front of the door. "I'd like to talk to just you first, if that's alright? Oliver mentioned you by name."
John's face softened, shifting from confusion to affection, and he let his hands rest at his sides. He walked back over to Sherlock and the bed, noticing Sherlock's Adam's apple bob as he swallowed, a nervous but excited look in his eyes. John sat down on the edge of the bed, expecting to have a conversation about preparedness and cleanliness, when Sherlock reached out to hold John's jaw in place while his mouth pressed against John's. John smirked against Sherlock's lips and kissed him back, leaning forward until Sherlock was flat on the bed and John was holding his torso above Sherlock's by his elbows on the mattress.
"Lean on me, okay?" John moved to Sherlock's injured side. "I can't carry you, but-"
"Who knows the passcode?" Sherlock questioned, studying the woman as she talked.
At the mention of payment, nearly everyone in the room calmed. Nearly.
Sherlock gasped; the pain was gone for the most part, but an uncomfortable feeling was left in its wake. He wondered why this was supposed to be pleasurable, but he trusted John. John knew what he was doing, even if he wasn't as confident in himself as Sherlock was in him. Suddenly, Sherlock felt John's length brush up against something deep inside him and his body convulsed, shaking with the pleasure. John smiled knowingly and pulled back a bit before rocking forward, causing Sherlock to whine softly through parted lips. Now it became very apparent to Sherlock why he wanted this in the first place.
"I asked why you were there, boy." John repeated, giving Peter a pointed look, and when Peter started to stumble on his words John sighed. "If you were stealin' books, you should've come to me. Though, I suppose mine don't have pretty pictures."
"Christ." John finally whispered in a ghost of a breath. Sherlock could feel it roll across the nerves under the healthy patches of skin on his back. "When did this happen?"
"Now that the tedious questions are over with," Sherlock said as the two officers that had been gathering Oliver's personal information left the interrogation room, "I'd like to ask you a few of my own."
As John had expected from seeing Sherlock post-shower a few times early on, Sherlock lacked any real body hair except for his arms, legs, and pubic region, and this applied to his back and rear-end as well. John was much the same way, having even been with some women that sported more hair than either man, and he found the intimate, odd similarity comforting. Attractive, even.
"No running in doors, little Watson." He chided her softly as he lifted her, kissing her cheek before he turned her around and sat her on his thigh. He draped the trailing edge of her blanket over her pastel pink trousers, arm holding her jumper-clad torso in place, as he said, "Why don't we play the bubble game while your father fixes himself tea?"
"What do you say, Rosie?" John prompted, giving her a look.
"Henrik Felix Trevor." Sherlock answered after a moment. "He was found dead right when that street rat-" Sherlock glared in Peter's direction, "-went running off out of Trevor's bookstore."
John glanced behind him at the suspect, checking that he hadn't moved or grabbed anything. He couldn't hear Sherlock over the pounding of his heartbeat in his ears. "I need you to keep pressure on it, okay? Do you think you can do that for me?" Sherlock held back a scoff at the idea of him being unable to do such a simple task for John, and instead he nodded. "Okay, good. I'm going to make sure that bastard doesn't move. If you need to sit down, just say my name and I'll run over, but try to stay standing and don't jostle the handle." Sherlock nodded again, watching John take his right hand and replace it with his own hand around the scalpel handle. Sherlock winced but did as he was told, numbly watching John rush over to the suspect and pat him down, looking for more concealed weapons.
The man's eyes widened before he could steel his face, and John noticed it clear as day. John's grin was almost ear-to-ear at seeing the nobleman squirm. "Oh-ho, luck be my lady tonight," John breathed to himself, amazed at the luck of finding the exact person he needed right when he needed him. Peter watched on with awe.
"We'll get you another one," Ms. Hudson reassured, wrapping up the shirt into a tight ball so the dried blood was on the inside and hidden from eyesight.
"Sounds a bit nicer than 'rest of your life'," John confessed, expression carefully blank, "doesn't it?"
"Toys make you feel better and heal faster, apparently."
with Janine. John didn't think it was fitting to call it a relationship.
John turned the door handle of Lestrade's office and opened the door slowly. He peeked in, expecting Oliver to respond similarly to how he had before, but Oliver failed to notice him. It wasn't until John moved into the room and leaned over slightly to try to meet his gaze that Oliver focused on him. Oliver jumped, startled, but when he recognized John's face he let out a soft breath of relief.
"Help me?" Oliver whispered with an edge of worry to his tone. John motioned to Oliver's hands, which were gripping the arms of Lestrade's chair.
"I love you," Sherlock purred repeatedly, reaching up to cup John's face and brush his sweaty hair away from his face as he kissed his skin. John smiled as the lustful tension eased away, his hand stroking over Sherlock's waist and thigh.
"I'm not going to touch you." John tries to remind the man. "I just want to talk."
"Bubbals," she clapped excitedly and watched Sherlock poke his laptop and move a weirdly shaped ball around on the table, pressing on it with a finger every so often. When she looked back, The Bubbal Game was in front of them.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, a small smile tugging at his lips. John helped Sherlock out of the cab, tossing the fare into the passenger seat, then led Sherlock up to the front door of 221b Baker Street. John opened the door and Sherlock carefully walked up the couple steps and through the door. It was much easier to go up stairs now that he had morphine coursing through his system and the stab wound was cleaned up and stitched neatly. His stitches were incessantly itchy, though.
"If we can shift the mental instability, even if it's just a tiny bit," John paused, trying not to sound too hopeful. "I mean, he was coherent for a second, there. I could see it in his eyes."
John snorted, bringing Sherlock back into the present again. "You are certainly high, aren't you?" He teased. Sherlock glared at him and John smirked. "Hey, I've got grounds to say it. I know what a morphine high is like."
John glanced at Sherlock with mild disbelief then followed his eyes to his child, who was bringing over a lion toy, and they both watched her throw the toy onto the couch. It bounced against the two other toys, threatening to fall off, but Sherlock reached out and stopped it from falling. John snorted and shook his head a bit.
covered in blood and had a pocketknife on his person."
"Of course, dear." She replied. John carried Rosie past her and set her in her highchair, clipping the plastic tray in place as Ms. Hudson continued, "Should we wake him?"
"That's not what people usually say." Sherlock confessed. John tilted his head slightly, his smile fading.
"Shut the hell up and do it," John growled, overpowering Sherlock and holding his arm taught around his shoulders. Sherlock was much taller, which made it difficult, but Sherlock knew the soldier wasn't going to give up so he complied, leaning into John. John guided them out of the room, and they'd just reached the basement door when they heard shouting upstairs.
. Ed. Susan Driver. Albany: State University of New York Press, 2008. 163-179. Book.
, and again – just as with Rosie – John finds himself helplessly returning the grin without quite having made the decision to do so.
doesn’t have a friend called Beth because the only people John gives his number to are those in his immediate circle of friends and the women he’s trying to sleep with. If this non-existent ‘Beth’ was in John’s immediate circle, Sherlock would have met her by now. And the other – well, Sherlock is currently sitting on the floor folding serviettes, miniature Opera Houses for the tables at John’s wedding. John is not the kind of man who sleeps with women other than his fiancée.
“I would hardly expect that you leave Rosie behind. She has a place here. You
Even when John is given a steady romantic relationship in the form of Mary Morstan, who he marries in ‘The Sign of Three’ (S3E2), there is always at least one comment, directly or implied, about the relationship between John and Sherlock. John’s marriage is originally seen both by the audience and by Sherlock as John succumbing to heteronormativity; during his best man speech, Sherlock describes weddings as “a celebration of all that is false and specious and irrational and sentimental in this ailing morally compromised world.” Despite this, the relationship between Sherlock and John is still at the forefront, and when it is revealed that Mary is a (not so) retired assassin, Sherlock explains to John that he is “abnormally attracted to dangerous situations and people” and that he shouldn’t be surprised that his wife conforms to that pattern. Mary confirms later in the conversation, “it’s what you like”. Both Sherlock and Mary can see the similarities between the two of them, not just in how they share certain deductive skills and an at times abrasive personality, but perhaps especially in how John is drawn to them.  This use of mirroring between characters is a common theme in the BBC’s
“’Course he’s not,” John scoffs, as if the very idea of Sherlock being scared is ridiculous.
January 2017. Written by Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat. Directed by Benjamin Caron.
The day the wallpaper went up, John went and bought a can of yellow spray paint.
18.2 (2014): 279-290. Journal (online). <http://rdcu.be/wLgi>.
. The character of Sherlock is also queered through interactions with his arch nemesis, James Moriarty, who is presented as the detective’s darker mirror image. Though the mirroring of Sherlock and ‘Jim’ acts to queer their identities in a similar manner as other instances of character doubling in the series, the relationship between them is queered deliberately by the show creators as a means of undermining those with a queer reading of
, wanted Sherlock by his side (but not at his side, not for life, because he had Mary and he’s straight, he’s always said, ‘not gay’,
"What?" She breathed, brows furrowing. "But only staff can get in. The door has a passcode."
"You..." John breathed. "You need me?"
"The orderlies and I - oh, I'm Isabelle, Dr. Stone's assistant, by the way - we searched the whole building!" She walked quickly over to the door. "I've got to tell Dr. Stone. I'm sure you'll want to talk to her-"
Bells rang in John's head at the inflection Oliver gave to
"My sources are listed under 'Myths That Parents Tell Children to Make Them Stop Crying'."
"What you don't remember will be equally as helpful, too." Sherlock added, earning a confused look from Oliver. "What's the last memory you remember before running here?"
"Interrogation room seems like our only choice." John answered. "He's a danger to himself and possibly others. No sharp objects, edges, and we can keep an eye on him through the window." Lestrade slowly nodded, watching the blank eyes of Oliver as he stared ahead into nothing.
"Usually I know where to go from here," John confessed, "but I admit that right now I'm not sure what to do."
John broke the kiss, trailing little pecks from the corner of Sherlock's mouth, along his cheek, and down his jawline. Sherlock shivered just slightly, hands resting on John's back.
"Alright, then," Peter moved to grab a wooden chair at the small table in the corner of the room, his confidence back, "What do ya want to know?"
Sherlock smiled and kissed John's lips chastely. "Why don't you join me?"
"I want to," John whispered against Sherlock's skin, "but there are logistics that I'm not sure-"
"It's alright." John said softly in reply. "I'd rather stay here and help. From what Oliver said, I think there's more people that need our help."
Sherlock stopped, mouth open and eyes trained on his hand on John's shoulder. His thumb was still smoothing over the soft fabric, but stilled after a second. The touch had turned from friendly to intimate the longer Sherlock's hand remained on John's shoulder, practically caressing the fabric there with his thumb, and John hadn't held it against Sherlock until he saw nervous panic consume Sherlock's facial expression. It became very clear to John that Sherlock was aware of the broken social norm but hadn't realized it until it was too late. His pulse was racing and so was John's. One glimpse into John's eyes told Sherlock that John had figured him out, but Sherlock couldn't tell if the stoic soldier was angry or not.
"Annoying, yes, but it also looks bad if you interrupt me in front of my crew."
The two took a couple of steps then stopped next to where Sherlock was standing, looking in. There was a young man, in his mid-twenties, sitting in the corner of Lestrade's office. He had dark brown hair and chocolate eyes that were staring absently at the carpet. His lanky form was contorted so his bony knees were against his chest, his arms wrapped around his shins. His palms had the dried remnants of blood staining his skin, splatters dotting his hands and forearms.
John said a quick thank you and turned to face Oliver, directing him to lay his arm on the armrest when Sherlock opened the door and walked out, closing it behind him. He pondered Oliver's timeline of events as he demanded one of the officers that had led him to the interrogation room to fetch the pillow and blankets. He was about to return to watch through the one-way window of the interrogation room when his phone buzzed in his pocket. He pulled it out and looked down at it, scowling with mild disdain when he saw who the sender of the text was.
Sherlock heard Isabelle whispering to John but managed to keep still, staring off into space like he had been seconds before but listening in on their conversation.
John's lips tightened into a line. "Yes and no." Isabelle's face sunk somewhat. "He's alive, but..." John paused, took a breath, then explained what had happened when Oliver showed up at Scotland Yard. Isabelle put a hand over her mouth and listened to every word intently. John could tell when he told Isabelle about Oliver's description of how he got to the Yard and John's medical findings that Isabelle was trying not to let a few tears fall.
"If you're good and don't move," John offered, "then you'll get as many as you want.
"Lestrade already reported the errors to the press," Sherlock remarked. "They'll have a revised story printed by tomorrow morning."
"No need," Sherlock replied in his usual indifferent baritone, "You were already awake and-"
"Sore, but otherwise," Sherlock paused and glanced over at John, suppressing a smile, "I'm doing well."
"We'd like to know that, too." Lestrade sighed and nodded toward the window, "Come take a look."
Sherlock's eyebrows creased just slightly at the tone of Isabelle's voice. He was never good with identifying emotions, but he could swear that before Isabelle spoke he heard Isabelle giggle and whisper 'aw' under hear breath. Did she find John quite literally stitching Sherlock's skin back together
"Just before I came back." Sherlock whispered softly. The tender nervousness startled John. He'd never heard Sherlock sound so utterly rattled. "It was in Syria."
"I don't know, love," John teased with a grin, "I think you sound too tough for any bad dreams to get you." Rosie's eyes softened and she smiled.
"I... thank you." John swallowed, avoiding Sherlock's eyes as he said the words.
"I know what you mean." John's pulse jumped, hearing Sherlock shift slightly next to him. He was looking at John, wasn't he? "My nightmare last night... You were in it, too."
John was about to pull at his sleeve cuffs behind his back when he felt two hands grip both of his wrists. He paused, wondering what Sherlock was doing, and let Sherlock's hands slip his shirt off his shoulders and down his arms. John smiled when Sherlock tossed the shirt toward the clothes hamper.
John snorted and Sherlock smirked. It was only for a brief moment, but John noticed it.
"Oh. Why yes, that's fine." She nodded and gestured to the living chairs in the center of the room. She moved past John to go sit down, and John sat down across from her. "Oliver's okay, right?"
"I've been injured plenty of times before, John." Sherlock countered, staring daggers at John as he turned. "That wasn't why I started-"
"Hurry up and move," Sherlock demanded in a muffled voice, his eyes fixated on John's. John rolled his eyes at the taller man's bossy tone and put his weight on his right hand again, giving Sherlock a pillow from nearby. The detective stroked himself and looked at the pillow oddly as it was placed over his mouth.
"Don't."
"Whatever is at the end of this," John stared the first man down, "is adventure and, thanks to Sherlock, money. That's all that's guaranteed." John looked away to address the rest of the room, including the second man. "This arrangement is effective immediately, and under no circumstances shall you harm Sherlock or I'll toss you off the ship. Treat him as you would any other noble who has accepted my deal. Understood?"
Sherlock studied the Captain closely. He was being truthful and upfront, and Sherlock appreciated the bluntness of the offer. The offer itself wasn't bad, it was rather brilliant; Sherlock could see why any noblemen caught by Captain Watson's ship would readily agree to his terms. It played on the economics of cost and reward perfectly. A bit too perfectly for the average pirate's intelligence to come up with, even if it was a Captain.
"To be with Rosie." Sherlock elaborated, still staring ahead through the window. "Because of your nightmare."
"Dreams," Rosie mumbled, then began to cry again, "I don't want to have scary dreams, Dadda."
"Good thing I was coming up to visit, anyways." Ms. Hudson patted Sherlock on the arm once he reached the bottom of the stairs and tugged his coat on. Just then, they both heard John open and close the flat door. As he began to descend the stairs, Ms. Hudson whispered, "Don't let John overwork himself this time. He can't go around tackling thugs on every case. He'll hurt his shoulder."
"Medic, John?" Sherlock hissed. "This is hardly Afghanistan."
"Not immediately, no." John frowned. "I don't want to put too much pressure on an already stressed mind. But he trusts me, at least a little bit. That's good enough for now."
"Hurt others." The man looks down at his hands on the top of Lestrade's chair back, seemingly noticing the blood on his hands and arms. "Hurt myself. I don't want to but if I don't it'll kill me."
"Wha- get off of me." Sherlock demanded, furrowing his eyebrows in irritation.
"Down here!" John thundered up the stairwell. "We need a medic!"
John offered Sherlock a small, appreciative smile, and Sherlock nodded slightly back at him, reassured that he had done something John deemed 'good'.
"If you found something bring it here, you dimwit!" John thundered, and even from the distance of the boat to the shore the crewman jumped slightly at the command of John's voice. John stepped down from his surveying spot at the helm and met the man - Ivan, who worked the front sails - by the ladder on the side of the ship.
Sherlock stared at John blankly for a moment.
"A solid deduction, Doctor Watson." Sherlock teased in a hum, suppressing a smirk. "I particularly liked the bit where she asked about me."
made his heart race like it had when John and Mary had their first date.
"John," Sherlock huffed in a restricted breath. His chest was so tight it felt like someone was standing on his sternum. John kept his slow pace and pressed gentle kisses to Sherlock's neck between heavy exhales.
"He took it." He replied, sounding surprisingly coherent for the first time since the conversation began. John's hopes raised just before the look of reality shifted from Oliver's eyes. "The rat. It takes everything off of everyone."
"Lads, this is Sherlock Holmes." John introduced, gesturing to Sherlock who stood beside him. "He's going to pay you for helping him solve this treasure hunt, so you know the rules. Treat him well."
"You're clean, correct?" John nodded, a bit breathless. "Then no, I don't care."
Rosie noticed the black stringy things in Sherlock's abdomen and reached out to touch them, but John grabbed her wrist and pulled it away.
Oliver nodded, seeming a bit more trusting, and a couple officers escorted Sherlock, John, and Oliver to the prepared interrogation room.
As if suddenly realizing how badly she needed to go, she held the crotch of her pants and quickly waddled off to the slightly ajar bathroom door. John listened carefully for a moment to see if she made it or needed help, and when he saw her sit down on the seat he sighed in relief. As he turned to a black dresser to grab today's garments, the bedroom door softly opened. He jumped and spun on his heels to face the door-
"No, definitely not." Sherlock agreed, murmuring absently. "The rapist wants it all to be easy. Easy prey, easy job, easy entrance. We just have to find out where he's put it."
The reply was almost immediate.
John stilled, surprised and processing whether Sherlock really said what he thought Sherlock said.
"Hm. Interesting."
"Yes." Sherlock immediately replied. His voice was husky and lustful, with a sense of pleading accompanying it. It made John's skin shiver and goosebumps rise on his arms.
It happened in so quickly that John reacted on instinct. The man threw something at him and John dodged, noticing for a moment that it was something metal and sharp, and John aimed for the man's hip and fired. The gunshot filled the room, bouncing off the walls and tiled floor in a disorientating sound. The man screamed and fell, blood splattering all over the floor behind him. He held his hip and sobbed with pain - he wasn't going to move any time soon, John was sure.
"Fucking hell, you're gorgeous." John breathed, slowly and carefully rocking his hips against Sherlock's arse while watching the detective's face. Sherlock slid his hands down to John's back and dug his fingers in, eyes tightly closed.
"W-What?" Peter stuttered, surprised. "You
The sound of a door opening cut Sherlock's sentence off. He turned on his heels just as a man dressed in scrubs walked around a large free-standing glass cabinet of white plastic bottles. The man froze, staring at Sherlock and John with wide eyes. In a panic he dashed back the way he had come, and Sherlock followed him just as quickly around the corner of the cabinet.
"I know." John reassured, clipping the first stitch and gently pulling it free. Sherlock winced slightly, but the pain was nothing to complain about. "An idle mind is a dangerous one. I'm fully aware."
Bringing his daughter and the bag of books over to Sherlock and the couch, John sat down and settled Rosie on his lap. Sherlock rested his cheek against the back of the couch, watching John talk to Rosie as he looked at the different children books that Ms. Hudson bought, until slowly the morphine caused Sherlock to fall asleep.
" John reminded him. "Focus on me, okay? It's just shock, you're not dying. I'm not going to let you die, not again."
Within a few minutes, thanks to Sherlock's preparation in the shower last night, John could easily fit two fingers. He
"That's Lestrade." He grinned and looked down at Rosamund, who was now trying to climb off his lap. He helped her down and picked up her blanket as she walked across the flat to her toys on the floor. John had the phone pressed to his ear, greeting the caller with his name.
"Lockie!" Rosie came bounding in from the kitchen holding a small box in each hand. She held them up to Sherlock once she was next to the couch: one was a collection of cartoon characters on bandages, the other a collection of solid-colored bandages. Sherlock reached out and took the latter box from Rosie.
"It's alright. You've got every right to be anxious in a situation like this. We'll get your medications for you as soon as we can, I promise. First, though, there are some questions that we-" John looked over at Sherlock, "-need to ask you so we can start looking into your case."
"This meeting," Sherlock continued, watching Oliver closely, "was there anything unusual about it?"
"Give it time." John stepped closer and reached his hand out to Oliver carefully. "For now, I've got to move you to an interrogation room so a friend of mine can have his office back. I'd like to assess you for any injuries, if that's alright with you."
John watched the man eye his cane thoughtfully, and he stared back at the trapped man, almost daring him to make an attempt to take John's cane. When the man scowled slightly, John smirked and lowered his cane to his side once more.
John relaxed a little at what Sherlock said, though Sherlock could tell he was still bristling from sharing his emotions. "I'm... glad, that you think I've changed for the better. I hope to one day prove that."
There was a pause in Sherlock's brain as he followed John's orders, taking in a breath. As he exhaled, he repeated in a barely audible whisper, "'Again'?"
"Then you found him, right?" John narrowed his eyes at her, tilting his head slightly. "W-We called them about two hours ago because we couldn't find him anywhere!"
John nodded. "Yes, it's a booboo. A very bad booboo that really hurts." Rosie stared down at the wound for a little while while Ms. Hudson asked John and Sherlock about how the injury occurred. While Sherlock was explaining, Rosie tried to grab his shirt out of John's hand and tug it toward the wound. Knowing there was blood soaked into the shirt, and not wanting Rosie to see it, John pried her small hands off the fabric and stood up, holding her against his right side. "No, you can't use that, Rosie. That's dirty. Come with Dadda, we'll get Lockie something clean."
Peter cautiously looked at John, and John nodded, giving the boy permission to go. As Peter stood, John said, "Keep what you know about Sherlock and his business to yourself, alright Pete?"
"A-Alright." Oliver stuttered, glancing over at John nervously. John nodded slightly, trying to reassure the young man. He stood with his back against the wall, a few feet away from the door, while Sherlock towered over Oliver and the table the young man was sat at. Sherlock rested his arms in the crook of his back.
John grabbed a small sheathed knife out of his coat pocket and used the blade to uncork the bottle. When he was successful, he fished out the parchment and set the bottle and cork down on the steps leading up to the helm. John idly limped down to the lowest deck, being careful on both flights of stairs, and hummed thoughtfully to himself when he finished reading. He looked up and saw two sets of eyes looking at him - one familiar hazel pair and one entirely new blue pair. Peter was sat against the wooden hull on a barrel, facing the iron cage in the center. The bars encompassed a small space floor to ceiling that had just enough room to sit down and not much else. Peter was watching John with his hazel eyes, waiting for whatever John was going to do or say to the man.
"No, for the forethought." John cut Sherlock off, knowing where his train of thought had already led him. He met his eyes, not so afraid of the vulnerability now that he said the hardest part. "Thank you for thinking of that and being willing to do it."
"You went in looking for coin?"
John recognized the name immediately from the letter, but also from gossip in London. It was who the letter was addressed to, which meant 'Sherlock' really did know whoever this 'Redbeard' fellow was. Which also meant Sherlock knew the way to decode the message hidden in this letter, one that was much different than the one John deciphered.
Rosie nodded slightly, and John adjusted her on his lap.
She pouted.
Flashes of the anguish in that nightmare rose to the surface of John's mind, forcing his eyes to close as if he were in physical pain. He swallowed, remembering shouting Rosie's name when he woke up. Rosie cried for half an hour after that, and it took both Sherlock and John to calm her down. A pang of guilt hit John as he realized that Sherlock had really been taking care of them both in the wake of John's nightmare.
"We went to the bookstore and ran some errands," Ms. Hudson replied, walking in and smiling at John. "She was the center of attention at the market. Three women came up to me and praised her good behavior." She looked over at Sherlock, setting her bags down by John's armchair -
Seeming a bit more relaxed at this, Peter walked past John and into the room. John closed the door and gestured for Sherlock to take a seat at John's desk chair. Sherlock pulled the chair out and turned it to face the rest of the room, and John sat down on the edge of his bed. He groaned softly.
"Your ship." Sherlock finished, eying the note curiously, but John could make out a just barely visible smirk to the man's lips. John knew Sherlock was fully aware of what accepting that note would mean, and when Peter returned with the keys, he finally made up his mind. He reached out and long, slender fingers gripped the sides of the folded paper.
"Can you tell me your name, now?"
"Time's come to stop playing pretend, Mr. Holmes." John smirked, surprised when he noticed a tiny twisted smile play across the corners of Sherlock's lips in return. "Welcome to the crew."
"Well don't you like to cut to the chase? Alright, well in that case..." John tilted his head. "What does 'Redbeard' mean to you?"
The door swung open, and as it did the young man tried to bolt up but was so compacted into the corner that he tripped over himself, landing on his side on the carpet.
There was a shift in Sherlock's mood at the mention of scars, and John's face fell. The blushing red was quickly fading, replaced with Sherlock's jaw clenching instead. John parted his mouth, unsure of what to say as the realization came to him.
"Through the back door." Peter answered, shifting impatiently in his seat. "Dumb bastard left it unlocked."
John smirked. "That sounds like a lovely idea. Give me an hour."
John also knew that the bloke was rather famous in London for solving crimes for Scotland Yard.
"Matthew - I mean, one of the voices I hear, h-his name is Matthew - I have a ritual I have to do before I can sleep, and if I don't he keeps talking until I do."
"Okay." John nodded, prompting her to continue.
"He's taking this a lot better than most." John said with timid optimism.
"What if I want to touch you?" John whispered, ghosting his hand over Sherlock's injured side carefully.
"It's fine," John said, sounding to himself like he was speaking through water. Sherlock was still rambling about an excuse, something about knowing John's shoulder was aching from the case yesterday and helping Sherlock today, but John wasn't paying much attention. "Sherlock, it's fine."
John settled with placing his gambler on his head, already wearing a tunic and leather trousers with a belt. He grabbed his cane and limped to the door to open it, finding Peter standing there with a look of shock and confusion.
John, however, knew better than to roam the streets. He knew better than to think he was unnoticeable. Which was why, when his newest recruit ran into the open tavern on the harbor hours before the crew was due on the ship, John was there, sitting at a wooden table in a dimly lit corner, drinking from a tankard.
"Got your text, what-"
Plates were fixed and dinner was eaten, and as usual Rosie made a mess of herself and her clothes. Ms. Hudson wrapped a plate in foil, placed it in the fridge for Sherlock, then ducked her head into the bathroom to say goodnight to John and Rosie, who was getting a bath. Once clean and dry, John looked at the time and found that dinner and her bath took up more time than John thought it had. It was only seven o'clock, but Rosie's bedtime wasn't far away and he still had to get her dressed, which always was an ordeal. So, he carried his daughter up to his room and dressed her for bed, grabbing her favorite blanket and stuffed animal on the way. It was going to get cool tonight, so over the course of twenty minutes he managed to dress her in a long sleeve shirt and soft pajama bottoms.
"No, don't get dressed for bed."
"Glass in the alley." Sherlock hummed then clenched his jaw. "There was a window, small but big enough to crawl out of if he had something to climb up onto to reach it. I couldn't see the room clearly. Far too dark. Do you notice something, John?" Sherlock was speaking quickly, clearly excited, so John had to process what Sherlock had asked for a few seconds before he could think of an answer.
"When you were treating me," Sherlock reminded him, "you said 'I won't let you die, not again'. What did you mean by 'again'?"
"The orderlies know the code, too."
"A-At least, none I r-remember."
"You've said that many times." John countered, walking over to the dining table. He caught Sherlock rolling his eyes.
"He's a detective." John tried his best to explain in simple terms, unsure of how coherent Oliver was. "We're both here to help you. You're in Scotland Yard - did you know that?"
"I'll get some rookies to prep a room." He walked off, leaving John and Sherlock to watch Oliver through his office window. Some time passed as they were silent, each lost to their own respective thoughts. John wondered how they were going to move Oliver to a different room, what objects he should be allowed to have in that room, and if relocation would close the door of Oliver's mind that John had just managed to pry open.
"Ah, good, I see you've already asked her." John looked at Sherlock. "Lestrade wants to see us at The Yard."
"I was lookin' at things in a bookstore in Central London," Peter grinned, "and I found this." He dug his fingers underneath his tattered leather coat and fished out a folded piece of parchment.
Sherlock's frown faded and he stared thoughtfully at John, just as he reached the bottom of the stairs.
Sherlock swallowed. Why was this so different from the last time he'd been this injured? It was far better than the torture in Syria, so why was he getting emotional about
"Yeah!"
John stood up and carried Rosie over to her crib, and this time she willingly let herself be put to bed. John made sure she had a stuffed toy and her favorite blanket, kissed her goodnight, then waited in the hall for a few minutes until he heard her settle down. He closed the door gently and walked down the stairs, back into the main flat.
"Oliver." A slight pause. "... Yes, Oliver."
"Gorgeous..." John exhaled, smiling as he rubbed a hand over Sherlock's arse. His skin was so smooth and soft.
"I suppose that's why you called me?" John questioned, not looking away from the victim... suspect... individual.
Within a minute two men carrying duffel bags ran down the stairs near where Sherlock was sat, leaning back to take pressure off the blade in his side, and one stopped next to Sherlock. Lestrade led the second down to the basement.
. Get talking."
"Aye." John furrowed his brows, "but how-"
"I didn't realize you were awake. Considering your restless evening last night, I was going to bring Rosamund downstairs so you could 'sleep in' this morning." Sherlock glanced at the door, hearing Rosamund clambering off her training potty. John was too busy thinking through the surprise of Sherlock's considerate thought.
"When did you learn to lockpick?" John questioned, moving over to join him at the door.
"Perps downstairs," John cut him off quickly, fishing out the suspect's I.D. from his jeans pocket and handing it to Lestrade. "Shot 'em. He's bleeding out."
"Consulting Detective, thank you." Sherlock replied with bitter venom. John just smiled and waited. When John didn't get a reply, he looked up and found Sherlock staring at him like he had just realized something groundbreaking. "You've got no idea, do you?" He said plainly, and John raised an eyebrow. "Or are you covering for whoever killed him?"
"Because I..." Sherlock struggled to think of a better way to say what he was thinking of. "... I don't want you to."
Lestrade panted heavily as he rushed over. When he noticed Sherlock clutching his side and John supporting Sherlock's weight, he cursed under his breath.
"Well, I need to be able to use my office." Lestrade scowled in mild frustration. "Where the hell are we going to put him?"
, what's your name?" John sat down on the chair, watching his prisoner closely. Peter was watching the interaction with mesmerized eyes, hopefully taking in some of John's techniques to remember and utilize when he's older. "Best you tell me 'less you want to be called 'nobleman' for the rest of your time here."
"A sociopath wouldn't have dragged me out of the mess I was in after Mary died."
"... but she sends me, usually. It's kind of part of the job description as her assistant."
, however.
The officers finished explaining the process of the rape kit to Oliver and answered his questions, then prepared him to be taken by police car to the nearest hospital to have the kit done. As they did so, John explained to Sherlock what he found, how he found it, and how Oliver reacted. Oliver had been nervous when John left to fetch the nearest officer, but a bit of back-and-forth conversation between officer and victim with John present seemed to help Oliver come to subconsciously understand that he was being helped.
"Touche." John sighed, reaching for his tea. He was about to sip it when his phone rang in his jeans' pocket. Sherlock perked up, recognizing the ringtone.
Peter glanced around the room desperately and looked relieved when he saw his Captain sitting in the corner, just like he promised. "You go run along and play," he'd told Pete as they walked off the ship, "You'll find me at Finny's Tavern, if ya like." Find him Peter did.
"Yes." Sherlock interrupted, finally noticing how uncertain and anxious John had become and wanting to end it quickly. "I've considered the options and outcomes, and being in a relationship seems to be the most beneficial to us both."
"Why am I the exception, then?" He demanded.
"John, you're asking me to understand the incompetence of others," Sherlock reminded John, watching Rosie point to the colored bottles she wanted to mix together. "If you cannot understand it, how do you expect me to?"
The silver, almost icy blue, pair of eyes was the man in question. He was tall and lanky, but John could tell just by the way the man held himself that he was by no means weak. He stood straight, confident and with perfect posture - he was definitely a child of nobility, and still prided himself on that, judging by his expensive clothes. Dark brown, curly hair was cut short and looked black in the dim light of the oil lantern that Peter must have brought down with him.
The smirk faded from Sherlock's mouth, and he turned his head and looked at John, studying him.
"It felt like losing Mary all over again." John confessed in a whisper. Sherlock's eyes refocused and he saw that John had moved slightly. His hands rested on his thighs and he stared solemnly across the room. "Somehow... it was worse."
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully, the interaction giving plenty of information both on the case and on Watson's psychological profile. "That's it for now. You can leave."
"Your life was in danger?" John asked softly. "I mean, of course it was, but-"
"S-Sorry, I get anxious without my meds." Oliver sheepishly apologized.
Twenty minutes later Sherlock could hear Rosamund and her father descending the stairs as he researched information on an experiment he was considering. Rosie was singing a happy tune and John was chiding her to keep her blanket off the floor lest she trip and fall. The door to the flat opened and Sherlock murmured, "Good morning, Rosamund. John."
." Sherlock lowered his calves to the small of John's back and John kissed Sherlock's neck, giving it a gentle lick before moving to Sherlock's lips. His tongue brushed over Sherlock's bottom lip, asking for entry, and when Sherlock parted his lips for John the doctor groaned happily and searched Sherlock's mouth with his tongue. With free hands now that his legs were resting on John's back, Sherlock held John's face in his hands and kissed him back with fervor.
"Plus he's a stowaway! He aint got no rights to be 'ere!"
"I thought the same thing, honestly." John admitted in a light chuckle, a tiny bit nervous. Now that Sherlock was calm and John didn't have to worry about Sherlock running off or doing something reckless, John rested his hands in his lap. "It kind of just... occurred to me? Like the smoke cleared, or something. I think it has been there for a while, I just didn't know it was there."
"Sherlock-" John breathed, running after the two. He followed around the corner of the cabinet and threw an open door at the back of the room, blinking a couple times at the harsh white color of the room. Once his eyes focused, John noticed Sherlock yanking the man back in by his trousers' leg from the broken window he was trying to escape out of. John rushed over and grabbed the man's ankle and, with a frustrated shout and adrenaline-fueled strength, helped Sherlock yank the man back in. The man cursed and fell onto the white tiled floor with a hard thud, splatters of blood landing next to him. A bloody hand print was left when he went to stand up.
"Uh-" Oliver stuttered out a breath and swallowed, staring at the officers around him, "Um. S-Stone. Her name is Malia Stone." A female officer pulled out a pad of paper from her pocket and a pen and wrote down the name. Nervously, Oliver added, "I-I don't know her number by heart, she works at the recovery house-"
"Hey there, cuppa," John greeted, kissing her forehead. "How was your day with Ms. Hudson?"
"Coming home." Sherlock answered. "After all that misery for two years, I was ready to come home here, to you, and lounge on this sofa in peaceful silence."
, his mind supplied - travel through his pulse to his groin. John continued to rub and prob, testing the resistance, and Sherlock's body slowly melted into the mattress until he was face first in the blankets with his ass in the air.
"I care about you, John. No one expects you to be the shining example of a father after what you've gone through just to get here. You shouldn't expect it of yourself, either. At least not to the point of degrading your mental health."
The voyage was tedious and took a full day from raised anchor to lowered, and John was getting dressed for the day when someone knocked on his captain's room door. Beyond the door John could hear a commotion - his crew was cheering, singing, playing instruments. They were happy to see land and explore, and John didn't blame them. The excitement of exploration was what brought him into the pirating life, and it was how he chose his crew.
Foucault, Michel.
Of course, the way John freezes minutely and then excuses himself only confirms Sherlock’s suspicions. So – code. Obvious. But for what? Sherlock picks up another serviette and slows his breathing, straining to pick up the hushed conversation happening in the kitchen.
Bridges, Rose.
“What?”
that look, but at this particular moment he thinks he might just deserve it.
. London and New York: Bloomsbury Academic, 2013. 191-207. Book.
“With kids, you don’t have any space, they take over everything Sherlock. We’d be invading your home-”
John bristles and snaps, “And what the hell is that supposed to mean?”
in ways I hadn’t ever seen. I know you love him, and I know that you’re not quite sure
S2E2. The BBC. 8
John stares at the detective.
S4E0. The BBC. 1
S1E1. The BBC. 25
“The Lying Detective.”
“Sorry, why am I an idiot now?”
JOHN: I don’t know. Maybe.
“You think I’m scared” Sherlock speaks again, and this time it’s directed over John’s shoulder at Mary, who is standing quietly behind him. “I’m not. I’ve known this day was coming for longer than you’ve even known John. For years I’ve known that John was always going to meet someone, some dull, conventionally attractive woman to settle down with. He was always going to leave.” Sherlock shrugs, and smiles and John suddenly has a flashing sense of de-ja-vu, because this smile is one he hasn’t seen in a long time, and it’s... it’s sad, and bitter and more grimace than grin, and it makes John feel slightly worried and a bit frightened because this?  This expression never boded well in the past, always accompanied black moods and cruel words, but Sherlock speaks through it as though it sits comfortably on his face.
January 2012. Written by Stephen Thompson. Directed by Toby Haynes.
“Here.
Mary sighs and leans back, looking around the kitchen of 221B and imagining how it had been, only a few years ago when John had lived here alongside Sherlock. It wouldn’t be noticeable to many, but Mary could pick the details out, could see that there were gaps, here and there. Pieces missing. A place on the shelf where a particular coffee cup was meant to go. One half of the table was clear of Sherlock’s equipment, but there were a few crumbs on one side of the table, as if the person eating there had sat and looked at the empty space across from them.
“And how
“Absolutely.”
Moon, Lyndsey.
S4E1. The BBC. 1
“I’m always up for a challenge. Besides, Rosie is very intelligent, she’s already trained you to pick out her favourite flavoured baby food.”
It was only when John spotted a familiar wallpaper pattern that he realised Sherlock had simply chosen the latest versions of the old furnishings of 221B. His heart swelled with affection for the detective, and he and Mrs Hudson shared a look of fond exasperation over Sherlock’s head.
Hanmer, Rosalind. "Internet Fandom, Queer Discourse and Identities."
"A Study in Pink.”
“No, no don’t be stupid– unless you’re
“The Empty Hearse.”
Sherlock ignored it while he packed, and despite tucking it out of sight in his wardrobe at Baker street, it somehow still ended up on the guest bed at the Watson home.
. 2013. Article (online). <www.autostraddle.com/how-do-we-solve-a-problem-like-queerbaiting-on-tvs-not-so-subtle-gay-subtext-182718/>.
S3E2. The BBC. 5
“What?”
He will.
January 2014. Written by Mark Gatiss.  Directed by Jeremy Lovering.
Once the structural integrity of 221B had been confirmed, it was time for decorating. Mrs Hudson came over to the Watson home one afternoon with a plate of scones and a number of pamphlets from various home renovation stores. Paints, wallpapers, light fittings, appliances – John’s coffee table was shortly covered with booklets and crumbs (Sherlock had pounced on the date scones and, as usual, wasn’t bothering to finish chewing before he spoke).
"But I
Herz, Marcus and Thomas Johansson. "The Normativity of the Concept of Heteronormativity."
“Still can’t quite figure how
Mary understood.
This condescending attitude towards fans who read
“Move back in with me.” Sherlock repeats, and John can’t help it - he laughs. The detective frowns, hurt, and John rushes to clarify.
The first time back in 221B after the explosion, Sherlock had picked up the cattle skull and held it as he looked around the destroyed room. There was something sad in his eyes that John didn’t like – so he picked up the blackened headphones and hooked them back into place on the skull. Sherlock gave a weak smile and after a moment they turned back to the room, almost unsure where to start.
Mary smiles softly and she gives John’s hand a last squeeze before stepping back and gesturing for Sherlock to continue. The detective turns back to John, and his ink-dark curls are a rioting halo around his skull, Sherlock running a hand through his hair nervously as he starts again.
IRENE: You jealous?
January 2014. Written by Mark Gatiss, Steven Moffat and Stephen Thompson. Directed by Colm McCarthy.
over the loss of his best friend and I thought, even then I thought, ‘he’s feeling this too strongly. It’s cutting too deep for it to just be friendship’ – but you assured me there had never been anything between you, and because we both never thought there would be the chance for it, I didn’t push it. But that man I first met and the man in front of me are so, so different,” she ran her fingers through his hair and stared down at John, his cornflower blue eyes meeting hers and Mary could see the truth there, that same spark she had seen flicker back into life that night when Sherlock returned.
“Right, you know when you’re scared of something, you start wishing it would happen sooner just to get it all going? That’s what he’s doing.”
Mrs Turner of next door thought briefly to complain about the noise, but after recalling an incident with the bins a few years past, decided that perhaps she would let it go, just this once.
. By Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss. Perf. Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman. BBC. 2010. Television. <Seasons 1 - 4>.
“You!” Sherlock growl, turning to glare at John. Their eyes lock for a brief moment before the detective looks away with a huff. After a second Sherlock continues in a calmer tone, refusing to meet John’s eye.
“Sherlock- that’s. That’s a very nice gesture, but you can’t be serious. Having a child around- it’d be impossible for you to work.”
Lancho, Melissa Caro.
He’ll handle it.
terrified that it wouldn’t be enough, that he’d never get home, that he’d be found out, that John would be killed anyway and it all would have been for nothing.. and Sherlock has never told any of this to John because- well because it just never came up. One minute it was fake moustaches and being throttled on the floor of the restaurant and then it was fire and not-quite-explosions and (most terrifying, most unexpected and most startling of all) John was getting
“And I know that I will
, this is one of Sherlock’s ridiculous pranks, and any minute now he’ll come bursting through the door with that manic grin on his face and his deep voice rumbling in his chest as he laughs at John’s gullibility. Because
you love him. But it’s time for you to figure that out.”
Tea made and milk back in the near-empty fridge, John re-enters the lounge. Sherlock is now holding Rosie, who is shrieking in delight as she does her best to tug on his curls – a favourite pastime of hers. John chuckles and places Sherlock’s cuppa on the coffee table.
Johnson Jr., Michael. "Race, Aging, and Gay In/Visibility on U.S. Television."
John sits and watches them, and he can feel his heart swelling in his chest at the sight of his best friend and his daughter like this. They're happy, and
Lance, Mark Norris and Alessandra Tanesini. "Identity Judgements, Queer Politics."
is that, John? You’ve never been together, you’ve always said you’re not gay, that Sherlock’s not like that… and I still doubt I could be a match for you the way he is.”
, Mary. I thought he could see it, and he just never wanted to – to talk about it, or acknowledge it, and I was fine with that, I was. I was going to step aside and not do anything, because I want him to be happy, and you… you do that. You make him happy.”
, it can’t be what it seems, except that Mary’s voice is quiet and serious when she says
. Ed. Christopher Pullen and Margaret Cooper. Taylor and Francis, 2010. 173-184. Book (online). <https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/canterbury/reader.action?ppg=199&docID=515336&tm=1508026472171>.
you, John. I know what jumper is your favourite, I know how you taste before you’ve brushed your teeth and I know that you’re more prone to having nightmares if you sleep on your left side. I know everything a fiancé should possibly know.”
It hits him quite suddenly then, that this is actually happening, and he sort of half stumbles, half falls to the nearest chair at the kitchen table. He really might be going into shock.
“I don’t think he’ll be back for a while. He’ll want some space,” and John realizes he’s looked back at the doorway without being aware of the decision to do so.
. Taylor and Francis, 2010. Book (online). <https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/canterbury/detail.action?docID=513946>.
the favourite,” John grumbled good naturedly as he moved into the kitchen to make a cuppa. Mrs Hudson had come up yesterday while they were finishing off moving the furniture in, holding a grocery bag in each hand – “just the essentials, mind, and I won’t be doing your shopping for you again, dear!”
Sherlock nods immediately.
When at last 221B had been completely refurbished – from the windows to the floors to the two new chairs sitting in front of the restored fireplace – Sherlock and John stood in the living room at 221B in silence. Rosie chattered happily from her place on the couch. Sherlock’s travel bag and violin case sat beside the door, Rosie’s nappy bag beside them.
Ellenzweig, Allen. "Picturing the Homoerotic."
Sherlock’s mask is back up in no time at all, but John has a very good memory and he knows he won’t soon forget the look of helpless affection that had been spread across Sherlock’s face just now.
“Ha, ha,” Sherlock drawled sarcastically, and Rosie blew a raspberry, a bit of dribble bubbling merrily from the corner of her mouth. Sherlock shot her an amused look and John rolled his eyes, more than used to the two of them teaming up on him by now.
home love – why don’t you pick something out?” And she dumped a number of booklets onto Sherlock’s lap.
With him, you’re incredible. With him, you are who you were always meant to be. And I’ll admit, that frightens me, a bit. Because I don’t know that even if we still carried on, if we got married and settled down together.. I don’t know that I could ever live up to him.”
“No, wait – what?”
But Sherlock was right – Baker Street has always been home, and as two of his favourite people smile at him, John can’t help but be bolstered.
The scent of char hung heavy on their clothes and hands for weeks after.
. To me.”
The BBC’s
“The Six Thatchers.”
too often today). He tried to speak but his mouth was dry from being quiet so long and he nearly choked on the words that fell from his tongue.
S1E3. The BBC. 8
62.8 (2015): 1009-1020. Journal (online). <http://dx.doi.org.ezproxy.canterbury.ac.nz/10.1080/00918369.2015.1021631>.
“John,
January 2016. Written by Mark Gatiss.  Directed by Rachel Talalay.
He looks up from where he has his face in his hands, unconsciously rubbing over the spot where Sherlock kissed his check, and stares at her.
“She’s telling you I’m scared, and she’s right, a bit. But it's more than that-” and Mary breaks in, says
. 2013. Thesis (online). <https://ddd.uab.cat/pub/tfg/2013/112443/Melissa_Caro.pdf>.
for it to look like a 40’s suburban dentist’s office then that colouring is all wrong. No, I refuse to live in a home with pastel orange walls.”
“So I’m asking you to choose. I’m asking you to think about this – really think. Because I think you and I could have a wonderful life together, John, I really do. I think we’d be great together. But I also think that without Sherlock, you’re not yourself. You go grey and bitter around the edges and you’re still wonderful, you are... but
And Sherlock understands in that moment that John – sweet, honorable,
As if Sherlock hadn’t nearly thrown up from fear, that day two years ago when everything was
“John, I’ve read your blog. People have been telling you from day one,” she paused before continuing, “but as always, it seems that unless it came from the mouth of Sherlock Holmes himself, you weren’t likely to pay it any attention.”
Robinson, Sonnet.
Sherlock straightens his spine, like he does before a deduction that he knows won't be well received.
, and at worst a deliberate portrayal of those exact same fans as ridiculous and over the top as a way to undermine their reading of
, and the interview is headlined “Holmes was not gay... he and Watson had the first bromance” in a deliberate, pre-emptive defence of Sherlock’s heterosexuality. Despite this apparent desire to portray Sherlock in a non-homosexual manner, the show continues to make suggestive comments about the sexuality of the two lead characters, the running joke from the first episode recurring at least once in every episode following.
John allows his eyes to track over Sherlock’s face looking for any sign of hesitation before he lets out a breath he didn’t quite realise he was holding.
He’d had a lot of pieces missing, too.
… not like you, John.”
A reminder.
“At least he chose someone with a brain. At least you’re smarter than the rest of them. At least I can respect you, Mary. Because unlike everyone else in this cesspit of a city, you actually
“About what?” John asks, grabbing Rosie’s favourite teddy from her nappy bag and giving it to her as Sherlock sets her down on the couch beside him, dark (slightly frazzled) curls now safely out of reach. Rosie begins to chew on her teddy’s ear, looking between Sherlock and John with wide eyes from her place tucked against the detective’s side.
. New York: Writers and Readers Publishing, 1993. Book.
She turned to leave and paused in the doorway.
S2E1. The BBC. 1
Mary stepped back towards the door and John stared, in a state of confusion (which, he decided, had happened
John opens the cupboard above the kettle, half expecting to find new lab equipment – he is instead pleasantly surprised, if confused, to only find four mismatched coffee cups and two clear drinking glasses. The kettle clicks off behind him as he searches through the cupboards for some tea. It is as he’s searching through the drawers for a tea spoon that he realises just how sparse the kitchen is.
. Without- you. Without Rosie.”
She was clever. She saw, she knew, Sherlock knows she does – it was in her gaze, that first night as she offered to talk to John and Sherlock knew that he had a friend, of a sort, in Mary. That she would help explain, that she would tell him, tell John why he had had to leave, that it had been for him – and Lestrade, and Mrs Hudson, yes – but it had been John who had made Sherlock want to be good. Want to be better; to be worthy of his friends that he had then so desperately needed to protect.
. Allen & Unwin, 2000. Book.
through a queer lens; those who considered not just how the detective survived, but also how his relationships with other characters in the show could potentially develop in the coming season.
Fellingham, Lydia Alix.
. Taylor and Francis, 2017. Book (online). <https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/canterbury/detail.action?docID=4799932>.
August 2010. Written by Mark Gatiss.  Directed by Paul McGuigan.
, Moriarty’s blood pooling around his still warm corpse and everything going to shit as John stood far below and so out of reach that it made Sherlock’s head spin and his stomach clench with ice cold dread as he looked down at his best friend, at the only person who had seen him as he was and
. A direct use of queerbaiting can be seen between these two characters and it is used deliberately to reinforce a heteronormative point of view. The first episode of series three, ‘The Empty Hearse’ follows on from the famous ‘Reichenbach Fall’ episode that had fans worldwide trying to work out how Sherlock survived falling from the top of St Bart’s hospital, has a scene that depicts one such fan in a negative and borderline mocking manner. The scene starts with Sherlock and Moriarty sitting on the top of St Bart’s, laughing as together they appear to fake Sherlock’s death using a mannequin with a printout of Sherlock’s face taped to it. The two catch eyes, pause in their laughter, and slowly lean in- before the scene is interrupted by the male leader of Sherlock’s fan club, Anderson, saying “What?! Are you out of your mind?” The camera cuts to a young woman with a nose piercing who says “I don’t see why not. It’s just as plausible as some of your theories.” This reference to the many fan theories that came about post ‘The Reichenbach Fall’ – many of which not only discussed how Sherlock might have survived the fall but also considered the development of Sherlock’s relationships with both John and Moriarty. Notably, it is often those who view
The fear had been solid and dead in his gut and it stayed that way for the better part of three years as he had run for his life and he had been always,
. Created by Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat.
S3E0. The BBC. 24
, and-
“Sherlock, don’t. There’s no point.” It’s quiet and sadder than John had expected and he looks between them, his fiancée and his best friend and he is very aware that they both know something he doesn’t, something important. Mary sees his confusion and steps forward, reaching out and grabbing hold of his hand in a comforting squeeze.
“Well,” John said eventually. “I can safely say this is the cleanest 221B has ever been.”
Valentine, Amandelin A. "Toward a broader recognition of the queer in the BBC'S Sherlock."
there – and he looks down at John and smiles and it’s possibly the saddest thing John’s ever seen.
Sentiment or guilt, Sherlock could never quite tell.
January 2017. Written by Steven Moffat. Directed by Nick Hurran.
. Ed. Louisa Ellen Stein and Kristina Busse. Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland & Company Inc. Publishers, 2012. 210-223. Book.
It took Sherlock, John, a few friends and a number of Sherlock’s homeless network the better part of two weeks to go through it all. Near the end, Sherlock was simply shovelling the destroyed memorabilia into large trash bags, the odd item crumbling to soot under his hand as he went.
Apparently this is the one time that it’s
“And I think now that it’s very clear that Sherlock
. SAGE Publications, 1999. Book (online). <https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/canterbury/detail.action?docID=1023977>.
“You and Rosie. You-
“But obviously, that wasn’t the case. You didn’t know – but now you do. And, honestly, I don’t know where we stand anymore. Because I
enforces heteronormative standards through the practice of queerbaiting, a strategy employed by media creators in which a queer relationship is suggested between two characters (usually of the same sex) in order to gain the attention of the LGBT+ audience – but the relationship is never intended to be actualised and the creators often respond to queer readings with “denial and mockery [to] reinstate a heteronormative narrative that poses no danger of offending mainstream viewers at the expense of queer eyes” (Judith Fathallah, cited in Brennan). Heteronormativity is the concept surrounding the normalisation of heterosexuality, and the belief that people belong to a binary system of gender (male and female) and as such have natural, predetermined roles in life based on their respective gender. It perpetuates the idea that heterosexuality is the baseline against which other sexualities are to be compared, and that any other sexuality is to be considered ‘other’ - the result of which can often be the dehumanisation and stigmatisation (in varying degrees of severity) of those who do not identify as heterosexual or who do not otherwise meet the heteronormative standards of society. This compulsory heterosexuality is tied into not just sexuality, but the very structures of society, and is “connected to central social institutions, such as the family and marriage” (Herz). The French philosopher and social theorist Michel Foucault believed that society is influenced and created by various institutions, both public and private, that in turn are formed from the “relationships between different people, and between people and objects” (Danaher, 36). Understanding that heteronormativity is both informed and enforced by the very institutions that Foucault describes (such as education, religion, government, and family) and that the influence of these institutions is all but inescapable within society, it can perhaps be understood why LGBT+ audiences become frustrated by queerbaiting – an expression of heteronormativity that not only teases the queer viewer with the apparent promise of representation in a generally hetero-dominated medium, but that often vehemently denies the very possibility or existence of a queer reading of the text. Such readings could simply be the result of an audience recognising certain coding within the text that would suggest a non-heterosexual relationship, or they could be readings by an audience informed by Queer theory.  A body of thinking that takes its roots from gender studies, feminist theory and post-structuralist philosophy, Queer Theory seeks to question what is naturalised and privileged within society and to ask who is then excluded and/or oppressed by those societal norms. Queer theory generally stands as a challenge to the normalised, and as a subversion of static identity.
JOHN: No, Sherlock always replies, to everything. He’s mister punchline. He will outlive God trying to have the last word.
know you like Sherlock Holmes knows you, and I know that it has nothing to do with his deductions. I know that when I met you… the man I met was... was
John Watson – truly doesn’t know that his best friend is in love with him.
JOHN: Who the hell knows about Sherlock Holmes. But, for the record, if anyone out there still cares, I’m not actually gay.
“His Last Vow.”
IRENE: Well I
“Okay. Okay then.”
S3E3. The BBC. 12
Once the flat had been cleared of debris, Mrs Hudson began having the construction crews in – strengthening what could be saved, tearing away and rebuilding what could not.  The sounds of hard labour could be heard throughout the day as the builders went about their business.
JOHN: You… flirted with Sherlock Holmes?
premiered. Lucy Connolly interviewed Benedict Cumberbatch (who stars as Sherlock Holmes) ahead of the first season – this interview is notable “for the ways in which it attempted to prepare its audience for the depiction of Sherlock and John’s relationship” (Greer, 62). In the interview, Cumberbatch both predicts and rejects the homoerotic reading of
a response to this position. The scene alienates her through the negative reactions to her theory, and the way she is portrayed as a caricature of a fan (slightly overweight, heavy eye make-up, a nose piercing) the writers ensure that the viewer understands that she is part of a specific culture that is to be considered ‘other’. Because of this implied position the young woman holds in relation to society as a whole, the scene makes it clear to the viewer that the fictional fan’s theory is to be laughed at and not taken seriously. This negative depiction could also be an extension of society’s predisposition to trivialising women, their opinions, and their expressions of sexuality. The depiction of the young woman in ‘The Empty Hearse’ discussing theories with her fellow Sherlock Holmes fans is intended to imply that her theory about how the detective survived falling from the roof of St Bart’s (with the help of Jim Moriarty) is based on her own, voyeuristically portrayed desires, rather than any reasonable extrapolation, and so is not a legitimate reading of the possibilities. The show portrays this fictional fan as unreasonable, and undermines her theory not just by portraying her interest in the characters as weird and unusual; in comparison, Anderson’s own interest is not given the same spin. The show does this through the almost comical way her theory is depicted, with both Sherlock and Jim laughing together as though the very theory itself was a joke. This is underpinned by Anderson questioning the young woman’s sanity. In doing so, the writers (through Anderson) undermine the theories of real-life fans who view
Sherlock blinked at her, surprised.
Greer, Stephen. "Queer (Mis)recognition in the BBC's Sherlock."
he’s in love with you.”
“I know that before we had even left that restaurant you had forgiven him, because suddenly you looked
“John, I love you. And if you had never known, if Sherlock hadn’t said anything, then I would have been happy to go on as we were, pretending that there wasn’t anything there between the two of you, something that I could never be a part of. But we can’t continue, not like this, and I can’t even resent Sherlock for that, because I would have done the same thing in his place.” She smiled, and swallowed, steeling herself.
is a modern-day adaptation of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle’s stories featuring the great detective Sherlock Holmes and his companion Doctor John Watson which manages to not only take up heteronormativity but also challenge it through an easily accessible queer reading of the characters.
“I’m in love with you, you absolute idiot,” Sherlock says quietly, like it’s just the two of them and John’s fiancé isn’t in the room with them. Then he leans down and presses a soft kiss on John’s cheek, just missing his lips before he straightens back up and walks out of the kitchen without a word. Distantly there’s the sound of the door downstairs opening and closing, and everything seems kind of.. detached and muggy. ‘I need a shock blanket,’ John thinks, and then he has to physically stop himself from bursting into hysterical giggles.
(As ever, doesn’t
24 (2017). Journal (online). <http://journal.transformativeworks.org/index.php/twc/article/view/917/793>.
. Ed. Iain Morland and Annabelle Willox. New York: Palgrave McMillan, 2005. 171-186.
JOHN: We’re not a couple.
is very open to a queer interpretation, despite the creator’s attempt to distance the show from a non-heterosexual reading through queerbaiting and deliberately undermining those who view the show as a queer text. The relationship between Sherlock and John, the use of mirroring between characters, the ironic way that heteronormativity is enforced upon a lesbian character and the way that Sherlock himself is portrayed as a post-human being all lend themselves to a queer analysis of the text, perhaps in spite of the creator’s intentions.
“I know you think I haven’t thought this through, but I
Coppa, Francesca. "Sherlock as Cyborg: Bridging Mind and Body."
John turns around at the voice, cursing himself. He should have known better than to have this conversation within earshot of Sherlock – the sleuth’s insatiable curiosity meant he could never help eavesdropping on conversations that had nothing to do with him – or, in this case, had everything to do with him. He shakes himself and meets his friends’ eye, trying to send him a silent apology for talking about him behind his back - but then John’s brain catches up to what Sherlock had just said.
“Easily fixed. I’ve rented 221C.” Sherlock says calmly, picking up Rosie’s teddy where she’s thrown it onto his lap (good hand eye coordination).
It’s dangerous, this thing blossoming in his chest.
“Mary, what-”
“But think about this for a second. Please, really think. If we moved in, you wouldn’t be able to – to shoot the wall at two in the morning, or play your violin at all hours. How would it look in front of clients?”
Despite his words, John doesn’t sound certain. He sounds like he is reminding himself, more than anyone, that 221B isn’t exactly child friendly.
It took months to restore 221B to a liveable state. First, the charred knickknacks and odd assortment of items Sherlock had collected over the years had to be cleared out; some things were salvageable, but not much. The books had burnt to ash. The skull had been blown off the mantelpiece and lay in crisp black shards of bone on the floor. The chairs – their chairs were nothing more than soot infested shapes that only vaguely resembled the places they once sat. The kitchen, of course, was a hazardous landscape of blackened glass.
Too much, apparently, Sherlock decided as she replied to John.
“You really want us to move in.”
S1E2. The BBC. 1
It’s not like he’s ever shied away from danger before.
Sherlock glances at Mary’s hand wrapped in John’s, stares at their hands and says “I am aware there’s no point."
Sherlock stares pointedly and John sighs, moving to sit on the couch on the other side of his daughter, Sherlock catching his eye over Rosie’s head.
Poole, Jay. "Queer Representations of Gay Males and Masculinities in the Media."
“And I was okay with that. Truly, I was. But now…” she shrugged. “Honestly, Sherlock wasn’t the only one who thought that you knew how he felt about you. I thought it was just this… unspoken thing between you two, but that you knew, of course you knew. How could you not? It sounds like he’s been head over heels for you from day one – for Gods sakes, John, the man faked his death to save you!” Mary’s voice rose sharply, before she took a breath and continued.
“Not to me it hasn’t,” he says, and then wonders aloud, “How many people know?”
SHERLOCK: Good. Thank you.
8.1 (2015): 50-67. Journal (online). <https://doi-org.ezproxy.canterbury.ac.nz/10.1093/adaptation/apu039>.
“But 221B is home.”
“The Blind Banker.”
“He’s in love with me?” John asks, finally turning back to Mary, who looks at him in a way that is, worryingly enough, entirely too reminiscent of Sherlock. It very clearly says ‘Oh, you poor, simple thing’.
. Ed. Kathleen M. Ryan and Deborah A. Macey. Lexington Books, 2013. 202-216. Book (online). <https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/canterbury/detail.action?docID=1203908>.
. 2014. Thesis. <https://scholarsbank.uoregon.edu/xmlui/bitstream/handle/1794/18385/Robinson_oregon_0171N_10998.pdf;sequence=1>.
“Sherlock you keep livers next to the leftovers, you stab the mail with a bowie knife and half the time the kitchen is a chemistry lab.”
Ng, Eve. "Between text, paratext, and context: Queerbaiting and the contemporary media landscape."
She smiled at John softly.
Great literature is almost always an exploration of people and society; a good story is a comment on humanity’s fears, hopes, and values. The context of a society can never truly be removed from the material it produces, and as media has developed and the way we tell stories has changed over time, we can see that the dominant ideologies within society extend their influence over not just literature, but also film, television, and even video-games. Authoritative ideologies such as heteronormativity, in particular, are often depicted through the medium of television, some shows acting as a confirmation, some acting as a challenge, and some acting as both. The BBC’s television show
And how
“A Scandal in Belgravia.”
And here Sherlock turns back to John and his eyes are sharp and angry and, more worryingly, John can see that they are shining,
Sherlock
22 (2016). Journal (online). <http://journal.transformativeworks.org/index.php/twc/article/view/828/609>.
Rosie gurgles happily and Sherlock immediately swoops down and lifts her into his arms – he lifts her higher than necessary and she shrieks with joy as Sherlock chatters to her rapidly.
also fall into this pattern of queerbaiting as an extension of heteronormativity, it has not stopped fans and academics alike from reading the show through a queer lens, not just in terms of the character’s sexuality, but also in terms of how they are depicted as a person. The relationship between Holmes and Watson has long been under scrutiny, and the bond between Sherlock and John in the BBC’s modern-day adaptation is no exception. The first episode of the series, ‘A Study in Pink’ sets up the underlying connection between Sherlock and John from the moment the two characters meet, and within the first half of the episode three different characters have mistaken their connection for a non-platonic relationship. First, their landlady Mrs Hudson asks if they’ll “be needing two bedrooms”, and then Sherlock’s older brother Mycroft enquires whether there is to be a “happy announcement by the end of the week”. As they stake out an address looking for a potential murderer under the guise of a candlelit dinner (deemed “more romantic” by the restaurant owner), even the highly observant Sherlock seems to interpret John’s questions as romantic intent:
“The Great Game.”
through a queer lens – and in particular, female fans – is an attitude that creators Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss have become known for in regards to the
knows. In fact, I’d say the only one who didn’t know... was you.”
July 2010. Written by Steven Moffat. Directed by Paul McGuigan.
Valverde, Mariana.
And she left.
(2016). Journal (online). <http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/1367877916631050>.
to start a marriage on that foundation.”
John checks again, opening all the cupboards and drawers, and then the fridge (grabbing the milk). Sure enough – not a single beaker, Bunsen burner or body part.
”Okay, I suppose it isn’t really.”
“You’re kind.”
John shifted uncomfortably on his seat.
John let out a breathless laugh in turn. “Good. It’s good that you at least know it. Now,” - he beckoned him towards the chairs - “Sit down.”
”You know, I’m not sure it counts if you insult me and compliment me in the same sentence.”
“Why wouldn’t I? You’re the best thing that ever happened to me. When I’m with you I…
“You can’t mean that.”
“Why are you so upset? I don’t understand-“
John, while no stranger to flirtatious woman, had never had so many eyeing him at once. Yet his eyes were drawn to the lithe body and curly hair of the male Omega who's eyes had shone with intelligence and whose body demonstrated the innocence that Murray had previously spoken of.
"I didn't ask you for- that." John tried to explain.
FERTILITY
"You there, come forward."
"Oh. John." Sherlock responded as if suddenly remembering he wasn't alone in the room. "The man was meeting someone; whoever ordered, and or paid him to attack me. Presumably, they killed him to cover their identity and he was no longer useful to them; therefore it is likely that they are still within the walls of the palace."
John sighed.
Sherlock's blood froze in his tracks and he was barely able to deliver a stiff nod of obedience. After all the agonizing days since Lord Kamal had purchased him and John had appointed him First Wife, John had decided to take what was his. Sherlock knew it was his duty, and didn't wish to be known for having the shortest reign as First Wife in the history of Harem's but he wasn't ready. Most Ghian's purchased virgin Omega's with the intent of leaving the untouched until they went into Heat. A virgin Omega in Heat was prized as the most intoxicating experience for an Alpha.
PLEASE BE WARNED AND TAKE NOTE.
"How can you know it was murder without seeing him?"
"Thirty-five spouses sir," Sherlock corrected.
"What is on our agenda today, apart from the planning of the feast?" Sherlock replied, absently stretching his neck which was slightly sore from his late night of note taking.
“Lady Mary,” John interrupted. “The King’s daughter?”
"Our Lord recommends us to rely on establishing ourselves, and not on the hopes of staying. So he encourages each of us to make full use of the feast in two days time. That is all ladies; I must return to my duties, if there are no questions?" Sherlock quirked a brow. At the silence, he dismissed the meeting and the women scattered to go arrange their dresses for the event.
"Well, in the North, we value strength and functionality over the ability to count ribs and dance well," John returned. "Besides, we have a long day and might not be able to stop until supper. You should eat while you can."
"If he had the brains to run away when your man found me, then he would have done anything to escape. If he worked here which is likely, then he obviously knows his way around," Sherlock replied, grasping the handle of the door.
Everyone raised their glasses, toasting and clinking their wine glasses as the room filled with chatter and exclamtaions as food was bought to the table.
Sherlock grunted in acknowledgment.
"No, I didn't." John answered truthfully, giving Sherlock a look that made him blush lightly.
Sherlock waited impatiently as his laptop screen remained blank. Sitting in his living room waiting for John to call was a study in madness. John was never strictly punctual with his correspondence, but usually when he scheduled a video chat it was set in relative stone. You were placed on a waiting list for weeks before you were granted a one-hour slot.
WARNING: THIS CHAPTER CONTAINS A SCENE OF DRUGGING AND ATTEMPTED RAPE.
"Well- it already seems quite- finished?" Sherlock hadn't intended to sound uncertain, but Danae didn't seem to notice.
"Absolutely and madly. Brilliant."
"He's dead," John said once they arrived at the door to the room in which the suspect had been found, in a corridor designated for visiting guests. "He was found not an even an hour ago, by one of the guards."
"Stupid?" John laughed.
"All is well. The king has been making provisions for our campaign to continue. But he has been visiting you every day. Eat and if you can stand, I'll take you to see him.
Sherlock heard the commotion as the palace gates burst open. The haste of the Northerners seemed not to match the surrender granted to them, so Sherlock wondered at the commotion. He looked outwards through the screens to see a silver-haired man bringing his chariot to a halt. The circlet upon his head gave away his status as King Lestrade, yet his demeanor seemed unlike many Southern rulers that frequented the Lord Kamal's palace. Most rulers of the South seemed to care little of others apart from what people said of them. But the Northern King was shouting for help as he pressed upon the wound of his subject.
As one by one, the men rose to attend their duties, soon Sherlock and John were the only ones left in the room. John was reviewing the notes Sherlock had bought with him, and Sherlock was draining his tea cup that John had filled for him. The honey was sweet and blended nicely with the tea, warming Sherlock as he wiped his mouth and fingers with the napkin and rose from his seat.
"Cover yourself," John remedied his voice by speaking soothingly as if to an injured patient.
"Thank you dearest!" Danae kissed his cheek quickly before turning to admire her dress once again. As she turned, the package Sherlock had bought in.
Murray kissed his companion sweetly on the cheek. "I apologise dear. Duty calls," before taking off to obey his lordships orders.
In the wings, he was assaulted by well-wishing understudies and dancers and stage hands wanting to shake his hand or say goodbye. Irene stood at his side for a time before turning at the gesture of a stage hand.
"No!" Sherlock responded vehemently before subduing himself, "He just- made me watch."
"When I saw you for the first time-"
Sherlock saw the dark figure of a server approach him and attempted to grasp his forearms and pull himself up, but the server only bore him to the ground and spread Sherlock's legs under his robes. One cold hand, callused from work as a servant sliding up his inner thigh to his undergarments. Sherlock gasped at both the coldness and the sensation, for no one had touched him so intimately yet, not even when he had been up for auction.
"I'd rather play doctor, Doctor." Sherlock smiled.
"They let a female inherit over a male in the North?" Sherlock asked.
"Sorry. I have plans," Sherlock replied.
My best option, Sherlock thought.
"That was-"
Sherlock smiled hesitantly.
And Sherlock could hardly refuse his new master.
Sherlock started, "Oh! No, John. This is wonderful. Having work, work that is actually important. Helping you. This is more I could have dreamed of when I first came through the gates." Sherlock smiled.
"It's fine, John. My brother and I have never been close companions, it is no loss to me." Sherlock resumed his scribe work and gestured at John to continue his dictation.
"Er- right. Thirty-five." Oddly, John was smiling at the correction; and Sherlock for the life of him couldn't figure out why.
John pumped as Sherlock orgasmed, milking his cock until Sherlock nearly collapsed from the expense of energy.
"No- I want nothing to ruin this last performance. No smoking for me until the curtain closes."
Omegas have a gestation period of 9 months just like Beta women do, although premature babies are more likely to survive if born from an Omega; the cause of this correlation is unknown.
Gosh! I haven't posted since last year! lol :)
"Enough!" shouted John as he stepped ahead of the king and wrenched the cane from Sally's grip. Weakened as he was from his week in bed, Sally was still no match for him. Sally instantly dropped in response to his Alpha pheromones which sent a chain reaction throughout every resident of the Harem. Everyone was quickly forced to their knees. But one person was slower than the rest. John saw the willowy figure of a male Omega kneel later than everyone else, but in his anger thought nothing of it.
Angry, Murray removed his blade and laid it on a eunuchs bare throat, not knowing of his inability to answer. The women and men assembled in the courtyard cried, shrieked, and whimpered at the violence as the rest of the eunuchs moved to defend them.
"Wait a minute, you were the one who nursed me?" John recalled a soothing touch and a warm hand throughout the haze of his bedridden fever.
Sherlock was still confused as they went over the plans for the festivities.
A cold hand between his thighs. A weakness to his knees.
Sherlock steadied himself with an inhale, "You came in on King Lestrades' chariot, yet he had no driver. A King doesn't drive into a city holding his own reigns, and due to his urgency it is unlikely that he had you moved to his chariot and his driver kicked off, hence you were his driver, a poistion of honor in the North as well as the South. Your man, Murray, he came running into the Harem seeking medical attention, a physician; a King wouldn't travel far in battle without his own royal physician, and he surely would have treated his driver with his own doctor especially with the haste in which he sped through the front gates. Also, you had a small compact journeymans bag attached to the inside of the chariot frame. Murray bought it to your sickbed and in it were a surgeons field tools, specifically to triage war wounds. It is unlikely your King utilized them, therefore they were yours. Inside the chariot there were spears- the Kings'- as it is his weapon of choice and also has is hearldry imprinted on them. A chariot driver doesn't use spears, but he could hardly be without a weapon in case the chariot should come to some injury in the midst of battle. I saw a bow, sturdy yet too small to fit the height of the king and it was clearly used by someone who is left handed, the arrow repeatedly being knocked on the left side of the bow. The King was holding the reigns in his right hand, it couldn't have been his. A bow and quiver of ready arrows, those take up space on a chariot. A seasoned soldier such as yourself and the King would only bring them if they could be expertly used. You were the one they belonged to meaning you favor long distance kills, likely you are a crack shot. A King would be wise to have a strong arm on his right hand side in battle. Who better than a doctor and marksman?"
John gives Sherlock a gift.
“You care for her, don’t you?” Sherlock asked. The interest shown by John caused an unknown feeling to settle in Sherlock’s gut. John grimaced at Sherlock’s question so Sherlock spared him a reply.
"Sherlock?"
Sherlock quickly ran forward; leotard, shoes, and all. He opened the door and stared into the glass panes of the shower. Bare skin and a muscled rear were unobstructed from his view. A golden hand raked through short equally golden hair.
The door opened and Sherlock turned to see John entering with a tray holding a basin, cup, and pitcher of water.
In his own language John questioned, "You can understand me, can't you."
THE SCENE WILL BE SEPARATED BY ------- LINES. DO NOT READ THE TEXT BETWEEN THESE LINES IF IT IS POTENTIALLY TRIGGERING FOR YOU. THOUGH THE TEXT ISN'T GRAPHIC I'D RATHER BE SAFE THAN SORRY.
Sherlock and John discuss the future.
"You don't want me," Sherlock groaned in denial before John grasped his prick firmly and began to pump steadily while reaching to fondle his balls. "You {need} me."
Sherlock woke in a daze; his vision was blurry and his temples throbbed, his throat was sore.
"Oh, Sherlock! I wasn't expecting you," Danae lept forward and removed the box from Sherlock's arms before grabbing his hands to spin around. "Dancing and dining with the Ghian! I'm so excited!"
"I got a soft posting at a recruitment office for my last three months. I found out eight weeks ago, after you asked if I could make your final show and I told you I couldn't get it off." John smirked at Sherlock's dumbfounded expression.
Once the dinner had ended and many couples had moved to the ballroom, John was forced to leave Sherlock's side to dance with various guests and ladies from both the court and the Harem. Before John had left his side, he had granted Sherlock the first dance, marveling at how graceful Sherlock was, causing a reappearance of a blush on Sherlock's face.
"It certainly is- eye-catching," Sherlock replied.
"Yes, I did. Half of them seemed excited at the prospect of choosing their futures, and the other half seemed ready to do battle in order to stay in the Harem," Sherlock replied.
"So I here you're a teacher." Sherlock looked up as John spoke. "That could be kinky," John continued jokingly.
"We don't know what is going to happen, but a few of us overhead guards talking about the previous Harem's they've come across. Apparently, he's given the Harem to whoever he leaves in control. All of us have been trying to figure out who the king will choose. The Northerners are all so handsome.
John smiled at Sherlock's daydream.
John was quiet for a beat before opening his mouth, "Are-."
Sherlock was startled and did his best to extricate himself from Danae's grip.
John panicked at his prediction of the next few sentences. "Your Majesty," John knelt on the floor, "I would give up anything to serve you, please do not send me home. I must stay by your side."
“I do. Gods help me I do.”
"-why you never even told me it was your birthday," John's voice broke through his thoughts.
John, now used to Sherlocks' almost omniscient abilities smiled sadly.
Sherlock through a shoe at her receding figure, but it bounced off of the door as she quickly snapped it shut.
"Yes, sir."
"But how many, Sherlock?" Danae reiterated the query.
John laughed at the imagery.
Rumor was, that the Northerners from the old war clans of Akron were seeking a stronghold in the South in the pursuit of justice against the High Ghian of An-Bara, the Southern capital, Lord Moriarty. Lord Moriarty was said to have gone into peace talks with the Northerners in the interest of settling centuries of tensions between the Northerners and Southerners. As a show of good faith, the Northerner King Gregory Lestrade had sent an envoy accompanied by his Omega daughter, Mary, to Moriarty's Harem. With the condition of Mary becoming Moriarty's First Wife, the leader of the Harem; as well as to sign the treaty agreed upon by the ambassadors of both nations, their marriage was expected to be a great success. Moriarty had signed the treaty in exchange for Mary, yet when Mary had arrived in An-Bara, communications between her and the North had ceased, and night raids along The Border increased heavily.
“More?” John raised his brows.
Who is ready for the New Years Special!!!! Victorian!Sherlock Oh My!
Sherlock nodded sharply and John turned away. Once he was out of view he adjusted himself in his trousers before leaving through the gate of the Harem.
John saw right through her act. "Beloved? By who?" He looked away, dismissing her before she could answer. "I don't care what you said about the girls staying in the Harem, I won't have someone beating the others," John told the king in the language of his people. As he was looking into the crowd of faces he was surprised to see the intelligence shining through the eyes of a male in the crowd.
OMEGA MALES
MY UPDATE AS PROMISED!
"Yes, there will. Everyone in the Harem will be required to attend," Sherlock coughed, and the woman settled down to look expectantly, knowing there was more.
Sherlock was grateful to be able to put on something more substantial than his party clothes.
"Come here. Sit," John said, standing at the edge of the bench and guided Sherlock to sit once again, this time standing behind him with his hands on Sherlock's shoulders.
"He seeks to settle as many ladies as possible into a marriage or vocation of their choosing. He has also assured that anyone who leaves will always be granted favor and admittance to the court should they chose to marry one of the Betas or Alphas in attendance."
He positioned himself at the base of the bed. Naked, on his knees, and throat bare.
"First, change." John handed him a change of robes that had been taken from Sherlock's rooms. "I'll be outside."
"If I was a true target then I would have been killed. No professional would risk his cover for a tumble. I'm not even in Heat for another two weeks," Sherlock rambled.
"Explain."
John inhaled sharply.
So who likes my chapter tittle? I honestly didn't realize until now that John and Ghian (in my mind at least) are homophones...
Please note the chapter number shift due to worldbuilding document added to the beginning. This chapter is short, but I finally have a timeline of events for the story and should be posting and updating chapters soon.
"26 Beta women, 9 Omega females, and one male Omega. The male I hear is freshly arrived and the Bill claims he's a virgin."
"I took the liberty of assuming you would sit beside me tonight," John pulled out a chair and guided Sherlock to sit before taking his place at the ornate chair set at the head of the table. Sherlock, shocked that he had been seated by John himself, was the recipient of many looks as everyone waited for their Ghian to take his seat before taking their own. John raised his goblet of wine to command everyones attention as he made a beginning toast.
Sherlock came in, carrying a large box.
"Beautiful," Danae whispered aloud.
A flash of memory overcame him at once and he bolted upright in the bed, his breath coming fast as he grasped the blankets to his chest while one hand traveled down his body to feel his clothes still on him, although he was no longer wearing his belt, over-robe, or slippers. He didn't recognize the room in which he was in, but the early sunrise peaked through the gossamer curtains and the room smelled of tea leaves and light incense.
Sherlock nodded in obedience as Johns voice turned slightly authoratative for the first time in reference to him.
"Now, I'm going to return to the Harem and talk with the women," Sherlock whirled around.
Omega males do not develop body hair like many Alpha and Beta males do. They have very little chest hair and do not need to shave their faces. Before puberty and or children, they are often very lean of frame. But after the first birth, many develop curves 'suitable' for child rearing, feeding, and carrying.
"I appointed you First Wife because you're intelligent. You speak my language so you will be able to address the guards and visitors from my country, and you also show competency in leading the woman of the Harem. So, I would like your expertise in deciding which of the woman I should ask to leave the Harem and which should stay. Of course if they leave whether by their choice or mine, I shall see that they are placed in positions, occupations, or with husbands of their own. I won't see someone homeless who deserves help." John explained.
Sally looked down at Danae and then at Sherlock before smirking.
"Oh! Right- err- of course. You don't-. It's-. It's all fine,"
I'm sorry if you thought I fell off the face of the planet and died... I hate when I find a good in-progress story and see that it was last updated two years ago... I feel your pain at the same time I feel defensive about my procrastination and overall forgetfulness....
And just like that, Sherlock's tormentor was gone. And he now had control over the Harem, second only to his master.
Sherlock noticed the interest the king, soldiers, and even the women of the Harem took in this exchange.
“How was she when she stayed here? Did she seem okay? Was she hurt?” John’s questions flew rapid fire before he halted to take a deep breath.
"The North seems very- progressive." Sherlock remarked.
"Well- Danae, perhaps you take your seat for dinner," John looked about the room for a servant who could usher her to an empty seat.
He closed his eyes and shivered as he heard John's steps approaching the bedroom.
Please see the warning in the chapter summary!
I hope my six chapter post within 24 hours makes up for my nearly month long silence! Merry Christmas and have a Happy New Sherlock Special Year!
"Harem? You expect me to keep and service gods knows how many Omega's?" John asked.
Murray looked at the tall man who spoke to him fluently in his own language before returning to Common. "I and this woman, her father owned an apothecary," Sherlock dragged Molly from behind him, "We can help."
Please Read.
"I'm more worried about why they targeted Sherlock," John replied. "Most of the guards were in the east wing for the party. They could have gone through my desk or had an assassin lying in wait; yet they drug and attack a member of the court leaving a party."
Murray looked into her eyes "Lord Kamal is dead," he replied vehemently. Looking at Sherlock and Molly, he ordered them to follow.
"Danae, my lord." She curtsied remarkably low, yet still maintained a grip on John's arm.
Omegas go into Heat four times (once every 3 months) a year for 3-7 days depending on sex, age, health, and fertility.
This is short... it turned into more of an exercise in smut than anything... sorry if I disappoint.
"Sherlock! Please sit. Eat with us," John motioned an empty spot by his side at the head of the table.
Lestrade smiled weakly. "I know you don't wish to go home, but I can't think of anything you could-" he paused suddenly.
"Maybe- Wait hang on!" John objected as Murray laughed.
Thus ended the principle career of William Sherlock Scott Holmes.
He looked at the faces of the woman, Danae in particular looked as if she was preparing for battle.
"Can you do it again?" John asked, still beaming at Sherlock.
"An appeal?" John said teasingly. Sherlock froze. "Am I appealing to you Sherlock?"
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
John jumped on this shift of thought, "Sir, I would be honored to serve in any capacity."
"Your last performance? Yeah- brilliant as always love." Looking down at Sherlock's semi-nude body he smirked again.
John winced at the dismissal of kinship that Sherlock stated.
"You want one?" Irene offered.
Before her mother had sold her to the child slavers, Danae had been taught the art of tailoring. She had learned how to hem and embroider at an early age working in the shop her parents had owned before falling on hard times. Danae had been working on a dress in the hopes of catching the new Ghian's eye; while the dress might be scandalous for an affair outside of the Harem, she needed to make an impression.
"Sherlock, I am a doctor." John huffed jokingly.
First, I just want to admit that I have been a dreadful host and lost track of all of my stories and projects... I need to do better.
John opened his mouth, but no words came. He closed it with equal silence.
The man was tossing his head in the throes of a feverish dream. Sherlock wrung a cloth from the nearby basin and laid it over the man’s forehead. The man instantly relaxed at Sherlock’s attentions, his nostrils flared and his head turned to smell the inside of Sherlock’s wrist. Sherlock flushed at the attention, but the man quickly succumbed to a deeper sleep, relaxing back into the cushions.
"Come in," Danae called, quickly closing the wardrobe in which her unfinished dress hung. She wouldn't put it past one of the other women to sabotage her plans.
Sherlock stepped forward. "Sir, he cannot speak, for he is mute."
The women had been escorted to the dining hall, and the guards had established a perimeter at the entryways. As servants ushered the guests to their seats, Danae fought the flow of movement to come stand beside John.
"With what?" Sherlock asked hesitantly.
(These chapters are short. Hopefully this means I can post them faster.)
"So beautiful," John murmured as he followed the trail back up, extending it to kiss the knobs of his vertebrae and the skin of his neck before circling the shell of his ear. John had prided himself on finding every sensitive spot on Sherlock, sucking on his ears and neck being incredibly arousing during foreplay.
"Such a waste of beauty," Murray sighed mockingly.
Danae cried as silent as she could as the cane hit the underside of her feet. Welts were beginning to form as Sally delivered blow after punishing"en blow.
"I- I don't really do- that kind of- thing," Sherlock was shocked as he stammered for the first time in his life.
"Nothing is set in stone, Danae. John truly is going to spend time with all of the woman. You will have your chance to impress him," Sherlock cut her off, not wanting to discuss his 'relationship' with John.
"That's- that's brilliant Sherlock. Any ideas as to who?" John asked.
"Compared to somethings in the South, yeah." John smirked looking at Sherlock. "Did you all think we were a bunch of dirty unwashed heathens?"
"Beta male. Still wearing his livery. Definitely our man," Sherlock said within seconds of observing the scene. "Exsanguination. Awful way to go." A long red line split the skin of the man's neck; blood pooled around him on the carpet, sticky with age, yet still scarlet in color. Someone had come up from behind him and slit his throat.
"Any capacity?" Lestrade smirked at his own private joke.
"You- you didn't know?" Sherlock frowned.
I am on fire! (I loved it when Sherlock said this during 'The Great Game').
"John!" Lestrade raced to clap his hand upon John's uninjured shoulder, causing John to totter sideways in his weakened state.
From John’s body language, Sherlock could feel John’s interest in the Lady Mary.
"Leave?"
"Most assuredly, but there haven't been new guests or staff turnover apart from the people you bought with you. That means whoever is working for Moriarty was already established here, or he acquirred them more recently."
"But, why didn't you-,"
"Do you- not want me sir?" Sherlock felt tears form but would not let them fall. "Are you going to send me back to the auction? I promise I-"
"One city and a mother of all deserts," sighed the King.
Holding up a hand at the eruption of uncertainty from the ranks he quickly quieted the group.
John gasped and quickly knelt by Sherlock's side. Taking his pulse and viewing his pupils. He then scooped Sherlock to his chest and stood, cradling Sherlock's lean frame against himself.
King Lestrade viewed this insult as an act of war, and the city of Am-Jabad had been just another foothold for him among the Southern cities in the efforts to reach Moriarty.
I'm mean! It's a touch base and not an actual chapter!
"In the North, we like to toast at the beginning of a celebration; not just to get in our two cents before everyone is too drunk to care." (chuckles from the Northern soldiers echoed throughout the room) "But we also must take note that our campaign is a serious one. We are here to right a wrong that has been done towards the honor of not just Princess Mary and our King, but our country as well. And along the way, we have met new friends" (a look was exchanged between Sherlock and John) "and we have been priveledged to experience the life and culture of the South. We hope that we are as welcomed as you would be in our country, and we hope that these sad events that bought us here can lead to a newer brighter coexisistance between our people."
"No. No. No, Sherlock," John quieted the young Omega. "I'm not going to send any of you back to auction I promise." He reached under Sherlock's chin, bringing stormy grey eyes to meet his blue eyes.
Sherlock looked up at John's amused smile before smiling back weakly himself. "Yes, John. Stupid."
