“Mary’s out for the weekend,” Irene affirms knowingly. “I thought I’d take advantage of the deserted hour and invite you over for The Big Bang Theory marathon.” She finally comes clean and clicks her nail on the plastic folding table repetitively.
Sherlock giggles down at him. The situation was just so ridiculous, even a sociopath had to laugh. Effectively deepening John’s frown. Oh no. Couldn’t have his roommate think him a loony. That wouldn’t do well at all, the last thing he needed was another morally-obliged hen.
Greg Lestrade raised a brow and glanced at the screen and back to Gavin again. "Yes?" He asked a tad impatient, didn't this kid understand technical terming? Gavin frowned up at him. "I'm- I was here to pick up my sister, I already work for the government." Lestrade twitched, no wonder the kid looked so confused. " I evaluate the chemistry and chemical studies of tobacco product and other FDA related products." Lestrade heaved a breath and backed away from the chair. "Then why didn't you
Sherlock blinks. Blinks again. That was…new. Trusting, in a way, as well. People generally attempted to poke holes in whatever solid logic he relays to them in an act of OCD or pity. Futile, yes. Fondly relenting? Not a snowball’s chance in eternal damnation.
"What's wrong mommy?" Sarah asked in confusion, brushing a stray hair away from Carol's rapidly wetting face. Carol shook her inclined head and let out a wet laugh. She turned to look at her safe, alive, happy, and unharmed daughter and attempted to smile comfortingly but her lips started quivering.  "Nothing. Nothing's wrong. Mommy's just happy to see you." Carol's voice cracked out. "I'm happy to see you too, mummy. Please stop crying?" She sniffled and burrowed herself into Sarah's chest and muffled her sobs as the elevator doors slid closed.
Introduction doesn't seem necessary." He informed her sweetly, words as stiff as his black dress shoe, tapping in sharp impatience. For a man living in such run-down conditions, he dressed quite poshly.
Fantastic, now he’d bruised his right flank, well, more so than it had been to begin with. He slipped in the shower a few days ago, all thanks to Irish Green, which was strange. He hadn’t even been taking a shower yet, Sherlock hadn’t even bought soap.
. “Why would you need to smoke anyways?” John asks indignantly. Maybe a little concerned for his mentality, because Sherlock was only
Upon reaching the living room he crouched down with his back to the wall and resisted the urge to grunt in pain. He half crawled half walked to the edge of the table and peered around it, the light outside reflecting off the wall and allowing John to remain in the shadows. The snow was creating small shadows across the furniture in the room. Then he caught sight of a pale hand dangling over the side of a chair, it had a gun. Suddenly the figure rose. "Bored!" Sherlock aimed the gun at the wall with a flourish and fired. John flinched back; shocked.
Hearing loud banging erupt from next-door, Sherlock wondered if sending John downstairs wasn't the best of ideas. After revealing Mrs. Hudson's boyfriends infidelity to her four days ago no less, he was supposed to arrive today, yes? Ah, John would manage. He was an army doctor after all, he could dodge a few cans.
John frowned at the vague answer and glared into those...familiar eyes...and was suddenly overcome with a strong urge. A need. An undeniable sine qua non. A pulsing desire.
He just needed to clarify that he could politely return the coat and retrieve his belongings without being slaughtered. "The morgue…oh dear! Take a seat! You look like you’ve seen a ghost!" She steered his pale form to a stool before he collapsed.
“Volume, John.” Sherlock muttered, eyeing the ceiling where a  rather excitable humanitarian lived just above. “But yes, you are a delinquent. A delinquent without a name, nor a face.” Sherlock suggested imploringly.
“I’m not picky, I just require some simple comme ci, comme ça.” Sherlock murmurs the strange word—sounds French--, slightly petulant and scrawls something or other onto his red binder. His galactic poster has already been rolled up and stuffed beneath the nearby splintered, ratty stool. “Would it kill them to exercise a
John nods his thanks and smiles before taking a couple rough sips in between his coughs. Inhales deeply through his nose, and sets a tired stare on Sherlock through tear-rimmed eyes. The emotion such an expression was usually meant to express makes Sherlock shift in his seat restlessly. At least he finally received his much-needed distraction.
"John! That's an order!" A bang on the door accompanied the words.  John blinked and nodded. Everything immediately coming into pinpoint focus. His breathing had already steadied before he assured his commander--caretaker.
"I found it on the floor after I interrupted the brawl, they dropped it before they fled." Sherlock answered. John inhaled with a tight smile. "And why are you
Sherlock took a tiny microscope out of his coat pocket, grabbing John's hand in his own and turning it over. Pushing the tiny microscope into his palm before darting towards the corpse. It was still seated inside the carriage. John blinked down at his hand.
Could he—no… But chances would dictate that as a notable possibility given yesterday's happenings. And Sherlock, as a man of science, mustn’t ignore such data. And
"Interesting name for a Hotel. Don't you think so Billy?" He asked, groaning and tugging at his inky curls. Skulls don't talk.
His loyalty was so easily won over by some sarcastic, presumptuous brat. John sighs in the real. He’s too soft. “I hate you.” John says and shakes his head fondly, obviously lighthearted.
Allowing soothing tendrils of sleep to rest his mind, John slumped further into the covers. Feeling far more comfortable than he had in a while.
"How about him?" Kevin pointed and raised his brows in what one may describe as a "suggestive" fashion, but to Sherlock only caused the man to look even more retarded than usual.
Ripping open another shed-door to block the hell-hound the size of Cujo from reaching him, Sherlock scrambles down another worn, dirt path. Sherlock knows humans can’t outrun dogs, much less a 260 pound behemoth at 30 miles per hour. And so he knocks over three more trash cans, the garbage reeking of students trying to get out of taking their garbage to the chute. Or maybe they were just too hungover to differentiate a garbage disposal and a bloody shed in the middle of a 20 acre field.
"Sunday already?" He questioned; crossing his arms and leaning against the rotting door frame. His eyes widened as it rattled and creaked. Then a crack sounded; a chunk of painted peeling wood breaking off and landing squarely atop his head, then slowly sliding and landing on the floor with a clunk. The rotted wood crumbled to splinters. Sherlock raised and narrowed his icy daggers on Sarah (who's expression gradually became more fearful as the silence stretched) and hissed through grit teeth. "
“No. I will not submit.” A vehement whisper breaks the receding patter of morning rush bleeding beneath his wooden barricade. Sherlock clenches his hands into tight fists, determination flooding his limbic system and sparking in his chest. He won’t submit to such unvaried circumstance. It will be disadvantageous, a mistake, briefly blissing but prospectively pointless and then simply…painful. “unpleasant.”
"Ah?" He peeked at her through a bookshelf. "What do you mean by that?" His frown was visible from between the hedgehog plushy and glass otter figurine placed beside each side of his head.
“Oh, Yes!” He indulges the pathetic pun, it being physically impossible to keep his tone clear of any and all sarcasm. “I just wasn’t counting on it being rabid or existent! Be a dear and co-contact animal control?!”
Flipping open the phone before Gavin gave up and tried again, a nervous tic if he'd ever seen one, he greeted the detective enthusiastically.
“Oh,” Sherlock nods and rolls his eyes looking away, seemingly at himself. As if John would call him a retard, the very thought must have been absurd. John rolls his eyes at the thought of Sherlock’s probable thought.
Which was ridiculous, because they had clearly made a mistake. One that he'd ensured they'd answer for. Painfully and thorough, stripping them of their stature and long-respected positions. It was shameful, they weren't soldiers, they were brats. Brats that had somehow managed to outwit the most brilliant man John had ever had the ill fortune of knowing. Brats that knew his best friend better than he did.
thing he wants to do. But instead of indulging in masochism and risking seeming any stranger, he settles for scratching the back of his head with his pencil. “Uh, I mean I read your file.” He assures John quickly, still staring down. “McAfee is pitiful, honestly.” Sherlock adds with a mumble, feeling the tips of his ears burn.
introduction doesn't seem necessary." He spoke; words terse as his stiff black dress shoe tapped in sharp impatience. For a man living in such run-down conditions he dressed quite poshly. "Moreover, I was rather busy before you
John huffed and rolled his eyes, shirtless and shivering. Icy winds heeded no man he supposed. John couldn’t care less at the moment. “Y-yes
Upon catching sight of him her vaguely troubling expression subsided. Her face positively lighting up. Much like that smaller Christmas tree had been  but a moment ago. John frowned at her warily, where had the small, raging ball of condensed demonic vengeance gone?
Sherlock scoffed and returned his attention to his 'experiment'. "Clearly not, the hostility is practically palpable."
A true minor-mediocre prodigy if he ever knew one, a boy you could pin your hopes on no doubt. No longer a Captain America-idolizing thumb-sucker missing their two front teeth, but now an appallingly righteous, modern version with less blue-spandex. He sniffed at the thought, smelling sulfur, nicotine, and artificial lemon cleaner and crossed his legs. He’s still going to get punched in the face. No one can resist. Can’t wait, maybe he’ll get his own dorm. He could piss any possible and upcoming roommates off and get beaten until the headmaster gives up and leaves him be. He’d take the basement. Or he could pretend they’re dead and keep his strangely attractive face intact. Plus, the bathroom and closet weren’t a bad touch…
John aimed a content grin up, but it slowly slacked at what he saw there. Sherlock's translucent gaze squinted at him almost adoringly. Eyes smiling more than his pursed mouth, as though he didn't want to show too much. It took his breath away for a moment.
“Well, of course not.” Sherlock defends, hands coming up to blow into his palms. “They have an excuse.”
When Sherlock no longer hears panting or heavy footfalls behind him, he slows down to a jog. Thanking and damning the Adler line for creating Irene, if it weren’t for her he’d have passed out from not eating after his sprint. Then again, if it weren’t for her he also wouldn’t have had to dress in drag to escape angry mousy girls and overweight, perverted guards. He squints at the memory, Adler could handle him.
He slightly waves the note in careful greeting, still mindful of his injuries. Nor thinking much of it at first, as he had already formulated a semblance of self-possession and four plans to rein in any physical evidence of stray observations concerning this morning’s epidemic. He was still curious on as to how John’s developmental milestones accredited to his infinite ethereality without the insanity of a belief that generally influenced people to be so un-people-like, after all. And intends to go about his scientific endeavor in a strictly clinical manner. Sherlock wasn’t
"You sure?" Mike asked looking unsure. He'd been wary after an incident with a nightly peddling a week ago, it was pretty brutal but he managed to make it out with no more serious than a bruise or two. Luckily, John had found them before things became anything too illegal and played the concerned citizen, threatening to call the police, and shooing the druggies off to their caves to recommence their druggie things.
To which Sherlock derisively questioned his partners timeframes and asking when their next reprisal was scheduled. That John, the idiot, finally relented. Now he was seated on the plush chair next to Sherlock's with his hands clutching the arm rests as he leant forward. An incredulous expression marred his bruised face.
Convinced that no one was going to die, Lestrade made his way back to his office with a shake of his head, barking the occasional order to one agent or another. Today the mayor of London, Charles Abramson, was going to be transported to the glided state coach by car any moment now. The U.S Secret Service agents, the officer transporting him, and most of London was already prepping for the parade.
“Do you want this stick?” He asks, jiggling it for emphasis. “Dogs enjoy teething on sticks despite reaching maturity, right? It’s even accumulated a trace amount of honeydew left from aphid excrement.” The dog remains stoic, and growls lowly.
His second attempt appeared sound in its leveled uprise and then rendered wholly futile by a few simple words and a kind gesture he’d seen in too many romantic drama previews to count. Sherlock may have been weakened by surprise, allotting his aspired calm to quiver and rupture. And it had, prematurely even, by roughly two minutes. Yet, strangely, the fear of letting go was not there. The conditioned terror had fizzed off like hemoglobin in hydrogen peroxide the moment John had decided to hold him, willingly touch him like a friend in need of comfort. Like a family, like a lover, like…someone close, apparently. Like someone of relevance to his person. Like he hadn’t given a rat's arse about the many rumors and offensive slurs spliced with Sherlock’s first name.
Sherlock hauls his bookbag over his shoulder, just a tad haughty at being caught out and lectured by Isaac Newton’s disorders all given a vessel. Newton’s apparent complex who has also seemed to have developed an affinity for him in whatever mad intricacies that had sprung the moment Jim caught his eye inquisitively last autumn. His excitement had been palpable from 10 yards away as Sherlock rattled off the teacher’s affair with a student from the braces’ marks prominent in his poorly concealed hickeys. In spite of whatever solidarity Jim may have found in him, he would receive little reciprocation on the sentiment.
"John, Captain John H. Watson. Army Doctor. Nice to meet you." He paused and glanced at Sherlock, before finally relenting at the nervous lip purse John aimed his way. Taking the offered hand and shaking it stiffly.
John was too sore and disoriented to care, so he complied. "I can do this myself, you know." Sherlock watched as John took a seat on the low bathroom counter. Thank god it was low. "I'm sure you can, just not right now. Look away." Sherlock proceeded quickly yet with finesse. While John hardly managed to keep himself upright, he felt a warm hand grip his hip or thigh to keep him steady when he truly feared he would fall.
The door swung open. For a moment he feared he was going to be crushed by it, seeing as he was seated directly behind it, and braced himself. After a few moments, he noticed the door had come to a solid stop just two inches from his toes. He frowned and looked up. "Are you alright, John?" The figure asked and placed a key onto the ceramic. John felt his stomach clench in embarrassment.  "Yes, thank you." To which Sherlock nodded and all but dove through the cabinet, fishing out an extensive series of medical supplies and setting them on the counter. "I've managed to stitch the few deeper wounds on your torso and left arm you received from landing on the stray rock or debris. Your abrasions have mostly healed over the past 3 days with some salve."
Sherlock sniffles and wipes his sleeve under his red nose, the color similar to that of his mouth and sharp cheeks, and starts. “Divine.”
needed to stop labelling this boy as poor because he’s had a moment of weakness, John may get murdered. Sherlock would
"I wasn't alone at first." John clenched his fists. Sherlock continued staring at him for a moment. Taking in his tired form, his glare faded to indifference. Apparently piecing together his ludicrous loyalty to his team and self-sacrificial nature. As if someone like Sherlock would understand. John had only known the man for so long. But it didn't take a genius to know Sherlock had issues. People issues.
Then John had laughed. Laughed when he’d been wry and cold, unfiltered and reckless of his inner-to-outer dialogue until it slipped past a tongue he hadn’t been sure was still in his mouth, he’d been so cold. Been.
Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckshitfuck were his final eloquent thoughts before the back of his jacket was violently ripped back. He made to take his jacket off and continue running but was caught at the wrists by his jacket and yanked backward. He roughly pulled himself out of the sleeves and turned to face them. Quickly coping with the fact that he couldn't run, couldn't hide, couldn't scream for help, he took a deep breath and swung at the first guy behind him, the one with his jacket, and landed the hit.
John shakes off the urge to reassure Sherlock that ‘gay is okay’. Just thinking of what Sherlock must have felt at his own accidental coming-out. Especially to his own male roommate. John mumbles a quiet sorry. Sitting Sherlock onto his quilted cot, as Sherlock’s was covered in paraphernalia and petri dishes, he reaches under his bed—coming up with a small, red kit.
“Shut it, Dante!” Mike hisses urgently, then glares beseechingly back at John. “John, you’ve been waiting for this position for, like, years?! Are you insane?!”
“As if I’d need to stalk you.” Sherlock snorts vaguely, making John glare at him in confusion. “I know your mother made it for you due to the uneven pulls and knitting of the material. Not machine-like in the slightest.” He informs a surprised John, spreading the wool beneath his thumbs as he crosses his legs, eyes flicking over the material’s thick thread. “Each pull is executed with care. As if not wanting to pull the wool too tightly in places to make it larger, but thick enough to ensure it not catching onto your bare toes and fingers when pulling it over yourself during chilly nights. She must have been knitting for decades, with this level of finesse.”
So he sinks back down, back to locker and shaking legs splayed, stays there, and pretends it's actually smoke. The gelid wracks really soothing nicotine.
hadn’t made his face take on a heat smoldering enough to rival John’s breath, while he didn’t dare mimic the essential function. Fearing he’d wake John and face indubitably awkward consequences— he had still been awaiting the anticipated sock to the face since day one and had become suddenly resigned in a rather panicked fashion. Then fully blown into panicking as the situation continued to clarify itself mercilessly all the while. Stock-still and wide-eyed as confusion and pure panic pumped through his every eidolon, he’d thought.
The silence stretches, even as he can’t hear anything over the wind whistling in his ears, and he opens his eyes to see John gone. And blinks at John’s disappearance, feeling his chest begin to sink unpleasantly.
Stiff posture, jittery dominant hand, nervous, panting, exerted—why? Oh, rugby practice? No, he ran here seeing as practice started before homeroom, idiot. Why? Haphazardly dressed… not one to sleep in, though, no matter his sleep deprivation. Ran from rugby practice? Surely laps weren’t as horrendous as everyone put them off to be—wasn’t that counterproductive— never mind. Concern crinkles John’s expression so severely Sherlock can see it from the seventh row up. Has someone died? No, not likely, why would he be in homeroom? John’s best mates had a higher chance of meeting up and being around him in far more… according to surroundings befitting of his exerting hobby.
Sherlock chokes on a small whine and John grimaces at the unseemliness of it. Still looking down, always looking down, he’d hardly looked John in the eye since he’d told Sherlock he was his friend.
"It's Greg." Was all 'Greg' grounded out before John piped up and introduced himself. Frowning at Sherlock sideways as he stepped forward, his cheeks taking on a pink tint. Which was strange. Sherlock had only reminded Greg that he had a wife to get home to. That he should hurry and let them through. Their marriage was suffering after all.
"Alright! You know what-" A shrill alarm cut him off and they struggled to cover their ears from the awful sound. "Shit, something's happened!" Carrie screeched over the volume.
Sherlock almost winced aloud at the irony. But it was better to have Gavin know now than have him find out later.
Gavin paused, probably contemplating what the hell a friend of Sherlock's would even look like. The image not being anything worthy of respect no doubt.
He whipped his head from left to right, watching as the shallow sea of onlookers simply stared ahead and ignored the manic raisins going at it. Drama isn't for everyone, just keep it on television he supposed.
He couldn’t even hear the few, determined early-birds amble on over his thoughts. Space was minuscule but appreciable, thank a deity, he could even stretch his legs taut out if he decided to roll the Rubbermaid bucket-wringer to the left and into that unstable-looking crate. Could drink that bleach, too. Could. Sloshed mop-water he could do without. The fetal position wasn’t terribly uncomfortable either, rather helpful, yes. The closer body to mind and farther from John’s cuddly embrace the better.
Precisely twelve champagne-colored chandeliers littered the vast expanse of the ceiling, painting the room with a soft yellow glow. Waiters clad in black slacks, tucked, crisp white dress shirts and aprons. Women wore the same, although they were wearing plain black pencil skirts in trade for slacks. All sporting polite smiles, serving platters, and offering refills as they strode from table to table. The order was orgasmic and his inner perfectionist groaned at the sight. But this wasn't his destination.
This evokes a pause, as Sherlock minutely mulls over the double entendre blinking above the sleek reptile like a Nevadan cathedral sign. John’s name went without saying, infuriatingly enough. Sherlock found he rather didn’t wish to know the extent of Jim’s ridiculous connections. Mycroft would love him. Repugnant.
, John doesn’t add, lest Sherlock ask for those instead, and takes another bite of his PB and J.  Glancing at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye when he chews and swallows. “you hardly use your stomach so I didn’t want to give it too much to digest. Don’t be picky.” He chastises the pickiest bird he’s ever had the worrying fortune of knowing.
The pain was unbearable, his brain felt like it was going to burst out of his skull. For a fleeting moment, he considered ripping his eyeballs from their sockets in an attempt to give his rapidly pressurizing skull relief. He couldn't fucking
In return he received an extremely condescending and somewhat pitying look, although Sherlock complied.
it's also the only thing keeping him from asking Anderson if his mouth was pretty as well as little. If you were going to use cliche movie-lines to threaten people you might as well do it right. "Can't tattle with no teeth."
"What's wrong? Cat got your tongue? Sing for me, eh?!" The manic soldier annunciated each sentence with a wince-worthy strike of his blood soaked, leather fist.
Sherlock regarded him through half-lidded eyes. Something about John's appearance calmed him as well, made him feel...lighter? No, heavier with something. Something. Something was.. John turned back to him with a smirk.
"Interesting name for a Hotel. Don't you think so Billy?" He asked, groaning and tugging at his inky curls. Skulls don't talk.
Faux-concern or adamant, self-inflicted conditioning into the good little doctor he’s going to be. Must be hard. John would probably attempt to condescend him for their age difference (it wasn’t his fault he ranked at AP, not completely), under the guise of him still being his elder—maybe out of jealously--making the reality of his situation all that much worse. Telling from the classes listed for his roommate’s in the Birkbeck’s online records, John was above average but painfully average all the same. Blond, bright-eyed and cookie-eating, dream-shitting grin. He wondered for a moment, as his eyes phantom-stung at the memory of the pearly whites glaring back at him. Would John’s smile remain vivid when he received his diploma on stage, in spite of a bullet to the leg or knife to the shoulder? How ecstatic would he be? Ecstatic enough to be numb, that happened right? Going into shock? Like fainting girlfriends at proposals.
." Oh boy, here we go. Greg scrubbed his face with his hand and his wrist, his other hand gripping the communication device tightly. " Of all the times you befriend someone, you just
The girl doesn’t sound impressed when she gives him a disbelieving ‘uh huh’. He sees the girl silently beckon over the guard with her left hand out of the corner of his eye.
Pale blue briskly took in his features. "I mean, I reckoned you wouldn't fancy a half-nude stroll down the block. Especially with bruises and sore spots to accessorize, sounds painstakingly Neanderthal really. Can't imagine it's still in style."
"Absolutely not. I require an extra opinion." Sherlock silenced the detective's protest with an eye-roll and "An opinion conjured from actual artillery experience. Let us through, Grain."
And it’s gone. John just squints at him, the confused grin spreading across his face beginning to ache, and shakes his head a little. “What the fuck?”
He groaned as his head lolled onto the soft fabric of a coat. When the unsettling sensation passed he cocked his head back gently and tried to comprehend what was happening. "John, are you alright?"
Just as their elevator door closed another opened. Moriarty walked down the red carpeted hallway and smiled when he caught sight of the open hotel door. Key still in the key-hole. That little girl was going places.
Sherlock continued, feigning oblivion. The weight on his chest made for a good blanket after all. Oh, but what a spectacle they must have made. Two grown men tickling each other on a pinnacle of queer.
"Oh piss off." and Sherlock's off and back to academia, inertly tracing his lower lip with his thumb as he turns to their small room made smaller by his even greater mind.
In an effort to distract himself from the shredded and bloody mess that was his lower body-and out of curiosity, he asked. "Why did you help me?" Sherlock didn't pause in his ministrations. "Because you needed help." John gasped softly as the dressing was wrapped tightly on a sore spot.
gruesome photographs he’s been required to commit to memory, every pus dribbling puncture and abraded rash ingrained into his very
"Yeah, that would be me." He smiled, already feeling easy around her. She seemed like a strong woman, wise yet sweet. A true caretaker, a giver. She reminded him of a mother he never had.
Looking at it with a mix of relief and excitement he began to open the packet until John cleared his throat again. "Pay up first. And you can't do this out here."
Wait. "You left my sopping wet laundry in the machine for three days? It's probably all molded by now." John almost whined, suddenly regretting ever leaving that night. He really liked that jumper...
So why? Why did his chest seize like Anderson’s fist at the memory of John’s care in lieu of his initial assault or causation of said care? Was he happy? Was he afraid? He had no reason to be either, did he not? Sherlock peers down at his right hand, idly picking at the pale bandage painted in yellow lamplight soberly wrapped around the wounded appendage with his left thumb and forefinger. There was no… ulterior motive? What could Sherlock possibly gift him for his ‘hospitality’ if that were the case? Perhaps…no…no?
Instead, John settles for “Where to?” Just to know where to find him if he’s not back by dark. Not overprotective, but rational. Because everyone scoffs, sneers, or turns away when they’re made aware of his dorm arrangement. And he’s aware of how sketchy the situation is. John has looked into rumors, from this he’s learned that the Holmes name isn’t cursed, no one’s been murdered or brutally beaten by anyone who holds it, Sherlock is not discriminated against for his sexuality or they aren’t aware—which was a minute relief.
"Asking you to sit down, it's a commonly used hand gesture, I'm surprised you don't recognize it." Sherlock replied, doing it again and looking reasonably miffed now. "I'd like to resume my actions prior to you running to the bathroom and nearly hyperventilating once you caught sight of your wounds." He supplied rudely, but it wasn't mocking.
The first time he meets John, he’s officially sure that his roommate has either dropped out last minute, been delayed by a family issue or something or other, or croaked. He happy dances, and almost considers using the other half of the room now, suddenly having someone burst in on his methodic madness would be embarrassing. So Sherlock has taken the liberty of keeping John’s side pure of his organized chaos.
Convinced time around Sherlock has caused him to officially lose his fucking mind-or maturity-hell probably both- he walked up to her. Side stepping a...Christmas tree. It was November.
John watched as the steam billowed out of his cup in a slow whirl, the cup warm between his raw palms. Sherlock sat across from him in his plush red chair, staring at him with narrowed eyes every now and again as he sipped at his tea, maneuvering the tissue on his bleeding nose to take a sip. It was practically a blizzard outside, John noted as he observed the white flurry rushing just outside the window. John cleared his throat. "So, care to explain?" Sherlock's narrowed gaze slid to him from over his tissue. "What is it you would like me to
His phone began to vibrate, Sherlock quietly cursing before the device could shatter onto the floor. It was Lestrade. Sherlock bounced on his heels and up to the frosted window. Allowing it to ring four more times before answering. The man had been giving him horrifically simple cases for months now. Honestly, he'd nearly tossed the stack of resumes back in the audacious imbeciles mug. Did they really expect to have the most observant man in the world leaf through resumes for fun?
"John. John, I need you to breath." Sherlock spoke in a strict tone. Wait, he was breathing wasn't he?
John huffs and slumps, watching Sherlock in slight shock. Was this guy serious? He just told him…pretty much everything he did and didn’t have going for himself at the moment. Just by looking at him. …And sniffing him, which was fine, John didn’t mind. It was… flattering.
“Somehow I highly doubt well-known officers would reveal you as being their drug-dealer. Much less do drugs. Monthly evaluations?”
Sherlock hissed a breath through his teeth and rose, clattering stray dishes on the table. "Fine. Just stop making that face." He stepped around John and briefly looked him over before reaching the door. Possibly debating growling at it. He resigned and swung it open in one calm, graceful motion. Although the look on his face intimated otherwise.
John shook his head, drowsy from his three-day slumber, and glared. "Who the bloody hell are you?" He demanded, tone lacking it's likely, usual strident. Not batting an eye he plucked the shabby lotto pencil from the insolent man’s hand. "Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes. It's a pleasure." Rising from the creaky wooden stool he’d conveniently placed beside the cot, he moved the old corn can stuffed to its circlet with a colorful throng of pencils, to a safe distance.
Now he just needs to shut his locker. "I see." He acknowledges, and pointedly looks at the locker door, and back up at the fool. Raised brows and all. Anderson ignores his silent request, or maybe his vision's gone too blurred. "So you get some? Rumor has it you're a virgin."
Jesus, he might've damn well carved John's name into their forehead and had them pliant and silent. Sitting there quivering in fear as he explained the process of a
Sherlock had also heard his screams long enough to be able to decipher whether anything was wrong. Should he need to intervene. He lightly shuddered at the memory that decided to rear its ugly little head. John's broken and battered form bleeding onto the concrete. His expression so resigned yet... For some reason, the memory pained him more now than it had before. How dull.
Sherlock immediately relinquished his grip on John’s wrist once his halted his assent. But seemed inappropriately baffled at the question. Considering it was him that stopped John, John had the right to ask such a thing. He stopped John in the first place so he must have had a reason. A good, sound, logical reason for delaying John’s inevitable disappearance from his life forever-
“Brittle marks surround the charging compartment, evincing of shaking hands and discombobulated mechanics. Common in alcoholics determined to keep a full battery to last the next day.” Sherlock punches John’s number into his own phone with an impressive multitask of text and sip.
Sherlock seems no less inviting though. And that quells John’s conditioned hesitance conjured from the memory long enough to note the due dilation from the shade created by his left palm. Then removes it to allow the abrupt glare of yellow street light to flood Sherlock’s visual senses. Sherlock takes the opiate assault in silence. John’s sigh of relief being the only sound to break the dank atmosphere as he sits back on his heels to assess the creature curled in a small crouch of compact, lanky limbs.
John promptly cuts left and out of sight, this time sure to keep his steps light and soundless as his they grow in speed down the vacant hall and to homeroom.
They'd been forced into laying low recently. All because some bloody nutcase had been killing drug lords and government officials left and right. Whoever they were, they weren't discreet at all. If it weren't for the taunting notes left behind after every murder Lestrade was sure, though he loathe admit it, that they wouldn't have been capable of linking the murders themselves. Not even now. It had been months, and since then, the lives of seven drug lords and seven government officials had lost. They suspected it was some twisted way of expressing his opinions of impartiality. For what purpose, they weren't sure. J.M being their only suspect.
“He… he didn’t move out, Sherlock.” Mrs Hudson fixed him with a hard, watery stare, and warm relief filled Sherlock for a minute before the facts barged in, demanding to be explained.
Sherlock creaked his stinging eyes open. John did not respond, did not even seem like he was breathing. That was precisely how John looked before he was about to punch the daylights out of someone.
Sometimes, Sherlock wished he could hear John’s thoughts the way he could hear Jim’s. Wished John would just
Sherlock opened the document the lawyer had sent him earlier. Predictably, it was written in indecipherable hieroglyphics and was beyond Sherlock’s comprehension.
John always seemed to make tea for himself, and never actually interacted with any of the tangible objects. Mrs Hudson, or Spaulding for that matter, never actually addressed John
“She's with John... obviously.” Mrs Hudson squinted at him with suspicion as if wondering why he was asking such an absurd question. “At his place. Both of them... He said he was taking care of some urgent stuff there.”
“I-I can’t stay, Mr Holmes,” Spaulding chuckled uncomfortably. “Now, where were we? Right, the process of possession. First, communication...”
The cube of ice melted away, and John dabbed Sherlock’s bruise with a second one. The chilling whisper made Sherlock jump, but John, with his lingering touches and two square-inch worth of physical contact, held him in place. The inexorable draw Sherlock felt to this man, this impossible man with the greying temples and the stodgy woollen jumpers, was simply too strong for him to resist, too powerful to deny.
Sherlock felt his brain go haywire, not just because of the fever and the stabbing sensation in his backbone or the dull throb in his skull, starting all the way from his neck, but because of how simply and straightforwardly John expressed his feelings. This had to be a landmark achievement, the crowning jewel in Sherlock’s life’s work.
“Deal with Mr Holmes first!” She growled, and Sherlock felt his body shudder as both John and Mrs Hudson cradled his head, feeling his brow. Spaulding did not look like he was particularly interested in joining the two of them in examining Sherlock’s physical state.
“Well, good news first: he’s probably not finished his possession training. Which means we’re likely dealing with an incompetent demon whose powers are still weak and hasn’t earned his license yet. A classic newbie who is either unfamiliar with or doesn’t take the complexities of demon law seriously. Big mistake, that. And the way you described him: the static, the juvenile messages, the crass infestation job? It explains that. Because experienced demons know better than to announce their identity to the host.”
Sherlock frowned. How did John figure out Sherlock had full plans to use Mrs Hudson as his backup babysitter nine out of ten times? Scratch that, he thought. John knew what he was like.
“You need to ensure that Mr Holmes doesn’t communicate with the demon Moriarty. Think of it, when you’re trying to get rid of a boy who likes you too much, what do you do? You ghost him and block him, right? You try and get on with your life, but maybe he shows up at your flat. Maybe he begs you to ‘I just want to talk’ or ‘I just miss you so much’ or ‘I shaved for you, come get me’, blah-di-blah.”
“Well, he is,” Spaulding scrambled to explain, “but he’s still a demon. Even if the host, which is you, just got irritated and thought something like: ‘ugh, stop bothering me and just possess me already’, it gives a demon explicit permission to move in. And once he is permitted to move in, well...”
for beta-ing and their valuable inputs. This fic wouldn't be the same without the two of them! Go check out their fics too!
So he tried to hide it. As much as he could. Long sleeves, no walking around the flat practically naked. No hovering around John.
“Look at the poor baby,” Moriarty teased, kicking Sherlock in the abdomen with an almost bored expression on his face. “He’s trying to understand why all this is happening.”
“No,” Spaulding chuckled, “As your charming landlady introduced, I’m a solicitor. Started with the charming folks at Legal Aid, moved on to elder law; didn’t want those delinquents vomiting all over these Italian babies,” he pointed to his leather shoes. “Now, I do a mixture of contract law and civil litigation. But, sometimes, old clients refer me to whatever they think I could help with, and that’s how I make most of my business. One word, two syllables: diversification. That’s me.”
Vince Spaulding, Esquire, had finally introduced himself to them as a ‘Demon Law Specialist’, in addition to his second hobby of threatening the NHS with negligence suits, which earned him John’s instant disgust. Thankfully, the headache was intense enough for Sherlock to suspend his disbelief and actually listen to Spaulding’s version of facts: that, just like the natural world, the netherworld was also bound by inviolable laws, exercised through legal contracts and letters of engagement.
The lunch was as trite as all lunches inevitably were. It involved sitting down with food—good food, Sherlock had to admit, but no degree of quality could justify sitting still for the sake of politeness and sustenance for more than ten minutes—and inane conversation. Conversations such as how much time it took for Mrs Hudson to prepare lunch. Or how “nice” it was to sit down at Mrs Hudson’s dinner table like old times and pretend that nothing extraordinary had happened.
Spaulding inspected the flat and dutifully recorded every minute of Sherlock’s ‘statement’, took notes and was currently running Moriarty’s name through some database in his phone. After a brief snarl, John made Sherlock show the bruises to Spaulding, which now littered Sherlock’s arms and legs, prompting a dismayed tirade from Mrs Hudson. That—coupled with the headphones tumbling off the skull and Sherlock falling unconscious—finally convinced Vince Spaulding that Sherlock was under attack by a demonic entity.
He was back in his dark bedroom, feeling warm and soft and protected under a cosy duvet, mind sluggish with the fading vestiges of sleep. Someone, probably John, had carried him to bed and tucked him in. Well, he wasn’t wholly tucked in and his head still spun as if he had fasted for several days, but he did feel better than he had for the entire duration the lawyer had been present...
Sherlock gaped at the both of them—not just at how Mrs Hudson began every question with a ‘do you remember, John’—but at their food-related shenanigans on him. “You two did
“Uh-no,” Spaulding flashed Mrs Hudson a grin that was too white to be natural, “Don’t want to drink anything from a house with a presence. Got too many of ’em demons bankrolling me, if you’ll pardon the pun.”
Therefore… that feeling, that terrible feeling, that nagging sensation that something was wrong, something was out of place was justified after all. Sherlock was right, and if there ever was a time he had not wanted to be right, this was it, and cursedly enough, he was right.
Sherlock forced the third-most polite smile in his arsenal, “Nothing, Mrs Hudson. Just being the ideal tenant you always dreamt I’d be.”
At the mention of John’s name, Sherlock’s eyes flew open, only for him to be flicked in the eye. As Sherlock flinched instinctively, there was an outbreak of hearty laughter and delighted clapping around him.
The rest of the day was just as terrible. John had texted him that he was going out to look for a daycare centre for Rosie. When John had first broached the issue of moving back to 221B, Sherlock had fired back a text offering to babysit Rosie, keeping in mind that Mrs Hudson had the capabilities of a full-time babysitter who could bail Sherlock out any time necessary. But John had texted that he’d need to think more about it, and consequently, Sherlock hadn’t brought it up again.
“No, you just said you didn’t want to stick to a script. That wasn’t me you were talking to,” Sherlock hissed, feeling uncontrollable irritation, “Why are you talking to someone who isn’t there?”
He tried a brief smile up at John, but couldn’t stretch his lips adequately. Mrs Hudson’s worried exclamations did not help. So, Sherlock turned his attention back onto the newcomer, who was peering at him like an owl with poor depth perception.
“Yeah,” Spaulding seemed to grow wary of Sherlock. “That’s because Moriarty’s inside you, right now.”
“Be nice,” John tutted, migrating to the sofa, away from Sherlock’s heated glares. Mrs Hudson looked rather harassed.
“Good,” Magnussen smirked, and despite his fuzzy vision, Sherlock could make out how intensely the man was studying him. “Should’ve shot him slightly to the right, Mrs Watson. The pallid complexion really suits him.”
The newcomer was indeed a lawyer. His carpal tunnel was progressing nicely, and his business cards were numerous and placed in the inner breast pocket of his jacket for quick retrieval and distribution to potential clients. He clearly had a dictaphone in the other pocket, the sort lawyers used to capture meeting notes in their car after said meeting was over. Which also meant he was a solo practitioner who went to clients instead of inviting them over to his cramped office with no secretary or paralegal to take notes for him.
“Now that Mr Holmes has become a vessel, our focus must be on cutting off all communication with the demon. The more you indulge it, the more it feeds off you. Right now, you must be feeling knackered; that’s the entity fighting to take control of you. The more he fights, the weaker you get, and the likelier you are to surrender your free will to him. Like a virus weakens the immune system and makes you susceptible even to common cold, that sort of thing. Questions?”
Sherlock had gone to retrieve the blood samples from the fridge but, upon seeing Jim's dismembered phantom head grinning at him inside the shelves, had lost his scientific temper at once. Jim tailed Sherlock everywhere: in the bathroom, or downstairs while he fixed Mrs Hudson's television, or while he tinkered with his haemoglobin experiment. It would've been satisfying to chuck a book at phantom-Jim's head, but everything just went right through him, so it wasn't worth it.
Sherlock remembered the times Moriarty was interrupted mid-monologue by yelps and cries by something smacking him on the head, and that one time he seemed to be talking to someone about ‘sticking to the script’. It had to be the former scenario. But, knowing Moriarty, it was entirely possible that he had since gone rogue.
A bruise. Four dainty, purple fingertips had materialised around Sherlock's right wrist. Jim was finally beginning to amp up his attacks, and it would only be a while before John noticed it, Sherlock was sure of it.
“And he just offered to do my will for a special discount,” Mrs Hudson said, “Sherlock, do you mind if I borrow him after?”
“I hired you to do a job!” Seb yanked his head backwards by his hair, and Sherlock instinctively gasped for air. “Don’t get sidetracked! I paid you five figures! Check the invoices!”
“Of course he believes in demons,” Sherlock yawned, flapping his hands dismissively. “He’s the one who called the lawyer, or the priest, or whatever.”
“What are you?” Sherlock demanded. His eyes flickered to the eerie, aurora-like glow around the apparition’s outlines. Except for the greenish hue and the ghostlike pallor, there was no outwardly change in Jim Moriarty’s appearance.
John licked his lips testily, his eyes narrowing at the two of them as if trying to psychoanalyse them both, but he finally allowed himself a smile so small and charming that it made Sherlock’s heart melt despite the situation. “Maybe Sherlock could form a queue behind Rosie.”
Before Sherlock could react, her grip on his collar slackened, and he realised that her wrist was still aching from where he had grabbed her violently last night. Mrs Hudson let out a soft sob and buried her face in his chest, shaking slightly.
Sherlock smirked despite himself. Roughing up witnesses just before they gave testimony was exactly Moriarty’s thing while he was alive. “Do you mean to tell me that ‘unsuccessful’ clients were overpowered by the demon?”
“So, let’s begin.” Spaulding sat with a notepad in one hand, elbow resting against a black, polished portable Underwood carriage return typewriter retrofitted with demon hieroglyphics. Sherlock glanced at it curiously from the sofa he was splayed over; he had no idea they still made those typewriters. He’d have to update his typewriter model index in his mind palace. “Your medical symptoms, first. Headaches or migraines—?”
She made a distressed sound in her throat. "He brings in all sorts of icky things! Heads, hands, eyes in jars, toes and scalps! It’s terrible! On one memorable occasion he even went as far as to bring home half a body. Dropped the bloody legs right down the stairs he did!"
Then John laughed. The sound sharp and disbelieving. As if it were impossible for someone to be so insensitive. Emotionless.
Grimacing at the pounding in his still sore head, John turned to lean against to cabinet in an awkward half-crouch half-Indian style position.
Sherlock had also heard his screams long enough to be able to decipher whether anything was wrong. Should he need to intervene. He lightly shuddered at the memory that decided to rear its ugly little head. John's broken and battered form bleeding onto the concrete. His expression so resigned yet... For some reason, the memory pained him more now than it had before. How dull.
Greg narrowed his eyes on John, his voice taking on an accusatory lilt. "And who might 'him' be?" John shifted in place under the scrutiny, clearly feeling out of place already. Opening his mouth to answer before-
Gavin him an exasperated look though it looked like it was mostly aimed at himself. "You kept cutting me off. I tried to leave a few times but you kept on muttering about how you wanted to get this over with and calling me stupid kid." He pushed his glasses up his nose and tilted his chin up to Greg's a bit.
As if catching himself, Sherlock squeezes his closed and shakes his head diminutively-all in the span of a second, and redirects his attention to Lestrade. "Still a consultant, mind you. I could leave you all to rot whenever." Sherlock chastised with a small faux grin. Then nothing. "When's the vacation?"
John momentarily crumpled his face in exasperation with himself for reckless. The inner soldier in him berating him for being so stupid and telling him he'd be dead if the guy wasn't so interested in that wall...or hadn't intervened and stopped those lackeys from stomping him into oblivion.
John didn't push it, lucky enough as it was that he could get out of this so easily. "Fair point." He held up his hands from the arm rests, keeping his elbows on them and blinked looking away in a sign of subconscious surrender. But it wasn't just subconscious for John anymore, he knew exactly what he was doing.
They’d arrived at the dormitory with Sherlock fully expecting to get flipped the bird and left to his own devices once John, in all of his exhausted and undoubtedly annoyed nature, was sure Sherlock wouldn’t get brutalized again. Just another righteous duty in the life of Mister Magnanimous.
Thankfully no one was on the streets at this hour so there no people to bear witness to the strange scene, for which Sherlock was immensely grateful for. "Aren't you worried about the fact that a stranger is taking you to an unknown location, especially in your current condition?" He asked mostly to keep John alert and, but more importantly, conscious. Highly doubting he'd receive a coherent answer Sherlock briskly walked down another alleyway. A  lone figure sat at a bus station, looks like he'd have to enter his flat through the back way. What a pain.
“Users, users, Sherlock.” With a beseeching coo, Jim’s hands come up to clasp his shoulders in a consoling manner befitting a belligerent toddler that is, ironically, Jim himself. Sherlock remains still at the intrusion, settling to regard him with a sarcastic tilt of his head to beckon Jim to resume rambling about what he clearly deemed clear as day on his own.
But there’s another notable notion, dreams lead way to the subconscious. Everyone knew that. John’s deliberately obtuse section of gray matter that usually held revelations about his sister and her ‘best friends’ having sleepovers on his bed all summer while he was at summer camp, all bloody summer—and, well, the like of all things he deemed too mentally degrading to mull over. That section of his brain was being suspiciously silent for all the turmoil roiling through him and wringing him dry.
A door slams, the door’s locking mechanism obliges loudly with a slick ‘clickclack’ behind him. Bleakly blocking out triumphant, if not a little manic, cackling.
But he understood. Sherlock may not be aware-- even think he’s above it all—but it adds up. Subconsciously even. And the revelation is going to hurt when it becomes too hard to ignore. John refuses to let that happen to him. Not while he’s here.
Oh, had the rumor already gotten out? This was hysterical. And the threat so absurd. Greg had already been made aware of his sexuality, either by observation (he was ex-DI after all) or by Mycroft. So he'd know Anderson was lying right off the bat. He even asked Sherlock to keep the preference he never put out for a secret. Looking ashamed of his school's reputation all the while. Which is exactly why Sherlock says this instead.
Adler huffs in fake disappointment and sits across from him. “Yeah, yeah, I get it. You’re as straight as your hair.”
Mike scrunched his nose at ‘whining’, making his glasses slide down the narrow but short slope of his nose. A huff. “I do not whine-“
John bit back a growl and tried to repress the heat rising up his neck and cheeks. He forgot he was half naked and crawling through a strangers home in fear of being shot by someone who was only interested in spiting a wall. Typical. "I'm not a prostitute. Now explain."
Sherlock sniffed at his retarded attempt at getting him to admit, and resumed cutting. "Classified."
“Same thing,” She waves him off arrogantly and buries her head beneath her creamy pastel pillow. “Now go away, Beyonce awaits me on the Eiffel Tower sheathed in bare moonlight.”
He could also feel John’s raised brow burn into the back of his University sweater, the black logo emblazoning the front a stark contrast to the soft, grey cotton. He hated bright colors, it was no shock that he nearly gagged at the neon all Birkbeck students wore (probably to avoid getting hit by fellow drunken students, bud-light in one hand, steering wheel in the other, then tragedy on your resume).
The British man replied, the farewell flowing native and smooth. An extra twenty dollar bill found its way into his offered palm. Pleasantly surprised, he went to thank his passenger. Only to be met with the sight of his car door slamming closed and the dark silhouette fading from beyond the window. He was a strange one. The driver found himself watching the receding shadow for a bit longer until it disappeared. A newfound smile curving his features, he pocketed the twenty and fondly shook his head before driving off in search of more clients. Despite what some might think, it wasn’t particularly hard to find business at 2 am. Downtown was always alive and kicking.
Sherlock shook his head- a stupid idea, really- and attempted to raise himself on the counter, or at least stay steady. A truly pitiful sight. Serving to make John's blood boil.
“Aha!” John and his team should be here for morning practice soon. They would make for a decent distraction while he fled. So, for now, he leans against the steel bars and settles for telling Cujo his life story. Maybe his deductions could even piss off
Convinced time around Sherlock has caused him to officially lose his fucking mind-or maturity-hell probably both- he walked up to her. Side stepping a...Christmas tree. It was November.
In the background, Sherlock heard his phone beep, that would be Lestrade confirming that the girl in the cleaning cupboard had died of asphyxiation. Sherlock wondered if they had brought the night porter in for questioning yet, and wished he cared. The phone beeped again, there was no point trying to ignore it, it had drawn him out of his mind palace for the time being.
John didn’t argue with him, although out of the two of them he was probably feeling the most tired, he knew that while Sherlock would never bring himself to say so, the realisation of his worst fears had brought on a blank melancholy that would last until the next success.
“If it is any consolation to the Duke,” Sherlock said, mainly to Steve, “I am certain his nephew was spurred on by Reuben Hayes.”
Your landlady is still feisty, but you can tell she’s a little older and a little frailer than she was before.  Your tolerable Inspector is greyer and finally divorced, while your tame pathologist is surprisingly happier and has a boyfriend. True, your brother is as pompous as ever but even he can’t escape the ravages of time on his hairline.
“My phone,” answered the soldier, “it belonged to my sister and is the most valuable thing I own.” So, the stranger took the phone, read the inscription, put it in his pocket and then grabbed the soldier by the hand and led him out of the room. Together they shinned down drainpipes, scrambled across roof tops, and scuttled along alleyways until they came to the stronghold of a fabulously wealthy Duke who had once called the stranger a ‘freak’. The stranger picked the locks while John overpowered the guards, then they went in and helped themselves to as much gold as they could fit in a barrow that they stole from a shed for the purpose.
The conversation paused for a moment as John appeared to have an altercation, there was beeping in the background and a muffled apology.
There was nothing for it, it was too early to call Dinah, even a helicopter wouldn’t get him out of here today. He rolled over and went back to sleep.
He could predict 99% of their questions the moment they opened the door, but, Sherlock acknowledged the 1% did spark his interest and in what other work would he have people pay to have him deduce them?
“Exactly, and while it could have been argued this was an impulsive decision, Mrs Flugrath lived for another twelve months without taking the opportunity to revoke that will.”
Turning his back to Aveling, Sherlock briefly lifted the box down, it was heavy, very heavy indeed. He slid the box back in place, he would come back later, without a chaperone, to confirm his suspicions but he was 99.9% certain that the box contained John’s gun and if John’s gun was still in his rooms then Sherlock could state with absolute conviction that he had nothing to do with the disappearance of the boy.
Camaraderie established, Debbie was instantly more talkative, “I am only going to help you because of Dr Watson, I really don’t want to lose my job, but he is such a nice man, no side to him, never talked down to us because we were just domestics.”
“Today we move from I to we, Dinah, take this ring as a symbol of my decision to join my life with yours until death should part us.”
They began again, the room filled with the sound of David Grey, John and Sherlock twirled round the tiny floor space, until they were back in first position where Sherlock did as he had said, swung John out, back in and dipped him perfectly.
Ready to leave, Mary checked her handbag one more time… purse, phone, a scrap of the material for the bridesmaids’ dresses, keys, oyster card, gun.
The exact circumstances regarding Captain Watson’s injury are a mystery, particularly how the doctor came to be on patrol that day. However as an acknowledged marksman, his superior officers were known to regard him as a useful man to have on board in any situation.
Sherlock nodded and accepted a large helping and a mug of coffee gratefully. He had a long night ahead.
They took the lift to the third floor where the Inspector was waiting for them, looking rather apprehensively at Sherlock as if in anticipation of some scathing comment from the detective.
The stranger flushed bright red and blinked. He blinked a lot; John had never considered that a human being could blink quite as much as the stranger could and wondered if he would be called upon to attempt some doctoring. Finally, the man stopped blinking and said,
“Actually, Mrs Hudson, would you mind looking after Stefan for me while I go and see Sherlock. I can hear that he’s in.”
“Mary Morstan is no saint.” Mycroft spoke as if addressing a particularly backward child, or his younger brother, “the abbreviation for a saint in this country is ST, but Mary Morstan is not a saint. Remove those letters from the name Morstan and what you are left with is MORAN.”
“Neither did I,” Crowley admitted, “but then I don’t think I have been surrounded by so many flowers since… well, you know… since then.”
John was happy at the Priory School; he had joined the school at Easter, just as the clocks had changed and the days had lengthened. The children were not particularly academic, and John was more than competent to teach them natural sciences at their level. He taught them about the natural world, human physiology, some botany and basic chemistry. If he felt a certain poignancy when he showed his eight-year olds the workings of a microscope or used the idea of the Earth’s rotation to explain day and night and the apparent movement of the sun across the sky, he tamped it down. Time, like an ever-rolling stream really did bear all its sons away.
Mycroft offered Crowley a chair and had the waiter bring the sixteen-year-old malt and another glass, and then said to Aziraphale, dryly.
“You’re brother’s here, and frankly he looks like he could do with a drink.” John replied, taking the bottle of Lagavulin from the cupboard.
Still Mary had been friendly enough, and invited Antonia to join them for a curry after Pilates on Monday night. So, the evening had not been entirely wasted.
“Then there isn’t a moment to lose!” The angel began hurriedly to clear bottles, glasses and other debris from the kitchen table, vaporising the clutter as he went along, “we have to make a plan.
Noting that the day had turned cloudy and remembering that Rosie had gone out that morning wearing only a light summer dress Sherlock thought he should take a cardigan for his goddaughter when he went to collect her from the child minder. He ran up the stairs to the bedroom John shared with his daughter since his return to Baker Street.
“I might say the same of you, Miss Sutherland.” John spoke the truth, when had last seen the young woman, as he put her into a taxi for Wilvercombe station, she had been in a very sorry state, bedraggled, tearstained and heartbroken. Now she was rosy cheeked and smiling, radiating happiness.
Sherlock does not dislike Mike Stamford, an unsuspecting character who genuinely believes that Sherlock has permission to be on the premises despite having met the real Peter Wesson on at least three occasions. Today, Mike is even more distracted than usual, having learnt on the hospital grapevine that his friend from his med school days, John Watson, is due to be deployed in Afghanistan. Mike is naturally concerned.
“No more than an hour, I’m only going to Mac’s on the Edgware Road. I’ll make you some toast and get going.”
had turned to Sherlock and pointing to a man in the crowded foyer whispered urgently in his ear “go on, do that thing you do, on him”.
Back home, Sherlock disposes of the liver in the microwave and the spleen in the fridge; he isn’t tidying, just keeping busy.
“Not a quick job round here, though we can keep an eye out for any disturbance in the ground. But I’m with Danny” Steve said, “my money would be on the Rocky Shaw, assuming they were locals, it’s a straight run from here. His Grace doesn’t allow caving on his land,” Steve explained to Sherlock. “A body could go undiscovered for years.”
“Sherlock and I were supposed to dine at the Savoy that evening, but all I got was a curt little text saying he was indisposed and not a word since. He is not answering the door or returning my calls. I have spoken to Mrs Hudson, that is his landlady, all she can tell me is that he is playing sad music and letting his tea get cold. I am at my wit’s end.”
There was a long pause as John appeared to struggled for words. Finally, he appeared to have decided on what to say next.
“Will already be ruining the crime scene.” Sherlock answered morosely as the car drew up outside the Boscombe Hotel.
The celebrant and his clerk were setting up their paperwork. Sherlock went over and spoke to him and then came back. John glanced at his watch; it was three minutes past two. At that very moment, the doors behind them opened and the string quartet started up
This story is very loosely based on a non-ACD ACD story called 'The Book of Tobit' which I found by accident on YouTube and has to have the silliest plot of any Sherlock Holmes story, even Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce cannot redeem it.
Sherlock swept towards the doorway, his coat swirling behind him, but when he reached the door he stopped, turned and addressed the Duke directly.
The room now contained two single beds, two dressers and a wardrobe and although it was kept meticulously tidy as befitted an ex-army doctor it was hopelessly crowded. Sherlock wondered, as he often did, how much longer it would be practical for the Watsons to share a room. It crossed his mind again that he should offer to move into the basement flat, so that John could have his room. But he was reluctant, selfish as it might seem, to give up his tenure of 221B, his home and refuge. There was an alternative of course, but he had long ago dismissed that as an impossible dream.
“What don’t you understand? How service stations can charge over four quid for a cup of luke warm milky froth and call it coffee?”
Alice hesitated, “He’s not to be put under any strain but at the same time I am sure he would do anything to help Paul. I am about to go to the hospital to visit him. I will let you know once I have spoken to him.”
“He saw a lot of other people, women. We parted company, didn’t see each other again, it wasn’t until that happened that I finally got my ducks in a line and worked out what it was that he meant to me. Too late, as it turned out.”
Sherlock upgraded the case to a five, not riveting but it would do; he condescended to put on his coat and accompany Lestrade to Bart’s where the body had been taken for the post-mortem.
Then there is your former flatmate, the only one you would truly call a friend. The reason you had to go away, the reason you stayed away for two years, and the reason you fought so hard to live long enough to come back.  He is the one who has changed most of all. Once he headbutted a policeman in your defence, now he bloodies your nose instead. He sits on your sofa, holding hands with his fiancée (petite blonde -
Sherlock was so stunned by this revelation that he lapsed into complete silence for some time while he trawled the corridors of his mind palace. John had walked with a limp when they had first met, but Sherlock had soon cured him of that, it was largely psychosomatic anyway. Sherlock did not understand what might have caused the limp to return in his absence, but that conundrum would have to wait until he had located John, so he returned to mentally considering the doctor’s part in the case.
“Mostly the bicycles belong to either a boy or a member of staff, but there are a few here that have been left behind when their owners moved on and anyone uses them. Dr Watson had his own, a rather smart mountain bike, I was rather jealous.”
“He never turned up, no-one like that there. I went straight from work, arrived about five thirty, the museum was closing, so I walked round the outside then stood at the main door by the columns until gone seven, just in case, you know what the traffic is like on a Friday night.”
“He’s eight years old, it was cold, it was the middle of the night. I imagine they gave him a drink, hot chocolate or something similar laced with a sleeping tablet. It wouldn’t have taken much to keep him under until they got back to the Lodge, even if they did have to detour up the Lower Gill Moor.”
Aziraphale looked thoughtful for a moment and then smiled, “you know, I really think it might work, that is just what Dr Watson needs, a rival… but where…” Aziraphale turned to look at Crowley.
“I’ve lived with guns all my life, alongside people who will shoot a stranger dead if they set an uninvited foot in their yard. Once I saw that Eddie’s so called husband had a weapon I had to find a way to get one too. I got talking to old Elrige about his guns yester afternoon, and saw where he kept his keys.
Sherlock did as he was told, and lifted Rosie into his arms before gently sitting in his chair with her on his lap.
Back at Baker Street, John gently carried Rosie up the stairs and placed her in the ‘big girl’s bed’ that had been introduced to her room a few months before. John still felt the occasional pang as he placed his sleeping daughter in it, although he noticed today that it did not seem quite so big for her as it had when they first bought it.
“Wow, your father owned Sutherland & Co? Wow, that’s amazing!” Chris exclaimed but appeared to be overcome with awe as he only managed another quiet ‘wow’ after that.
“Very strict, very fair, a cold one really, never cracks his face, always looks worried to death. He was a bit more human while he was married, and when the kids came along, especially Lord Saltire, the son and heir, but since her ladyship upped and left, he’s gone back to being as moody as he ever was. No wonder she didn’t stick it out.”
“It wasn’t the easiest of upbringings for boys like me and Eddie, though I’d say he had it easier, he’s youngest of seven, four older brothers and two sisters, there wasn’t the same kind of pressure as there was on me. But I have three older sisters and there were no more babies after I came along, I had to be the son my father could be proud of, someone to follow in his footsteps, not an abomination.
“She’s right you know, none of us are getting any younger, and that includes you. You should consider yourself lucky, a hundred and fifty years ago this would have been typhoid, or cholera, and no antibiotics to treat it. You can’t keep chasing down criminals on your own, running headfirst into danger, one day your luck is going to run out."
The two men walk to Baker Street and despite the distance John is untroubled by his leg, although he is too wrapped up in his companion to notice.
It should be easy to add another bedroom with an en suite, and eventually, if things turned out the way he planned, his room could be turned into a sitting room for Rosie when she was older, and needed her own territory.
Lestrade made his excuses, he was after all at work.  Sherlock and John called in on Hopkins, but she had nothing for them, so they made their way home.
“Don’t try that hurt puppy act on me, I have known you for over six thousand years too. You wouldn’t turn your back on bookselling, not without a strong incentive in order to become a…”
Greg crossed the room in a stride, took Mycroft into his arms and kissed him thoroughly. He appeared he was engaged to the British Government,
Sherlock made a disgusted noise which was so utterly familiar that it induced a pang of nostalgia in John.
Rosie seemed much happier now she was downstairs and part of the action. Sherlock sat down on the couch with Rosie on his lap, and she nestled into him, eyes beginning to droop. John, once he had taken something from one of the bags under the tree came and sat with them. He insinuated an arm around Sherlock’s back and gently, so not to disturb Rosie drew him closer, leaving his left hand free to turn the pages of the book he was holding. It was an illustrated copy of
But John was more than just an appreciative audience, he was capable of insights of his own. “You see a lot, don’t you? Doesn’t it all get too much at times?”
Sherlock offered him a seat, and John, who was curious about the client, while wondering if there would be time for the dancing lessons to continue that morning, sat in the chair he still regarded as his own.
John paused, he was panting slightly, he had meant it, this heart to heart stuff was exhausting. He finally looked at Sherlock, the detective was looking dazed but on reflection John had seen him worse. Then he smiled, his genuine, just for John smile.
Sherlock had either seen the text for the prank it was, or had chosen to ignore it, or maybe he had even failed to understand it. Either way the joke had fallen flat, and that, as Lestrade reported to Mycroft, was that.
Sherlock is sprawled on the couch in Mycroft’s suite at the Diogenes, he is measuring the impact of the ankle tag, swinging his right leg gently like a pendulum. So engrossed that Mycroft’s arrival is unobserved until he speaks.
John kept early hours these days, the consequences of having a small child and a steady job, even if it was only part time.
“Two days ago there was a note from Eddie left for me at Elrige’s, saying to come at one this morning while the husband was asleep and he would meet me at the end window, which I did. It wasn’t what I expected, Eddie even offered me money to go away, which made me mad and I caught at him through the window, meaning to pull him outside. Just as I was struggling with Eddie the husband rushed in with his revolver in his hand. Eddie had lost his balance and was on the floor leaving the two of us face to face. I drew Elrige’s gun, more to scare him off so I could get away. But he ﬁred and missed me, and I fired at almost the same instant and it hit home. I made away across the garden, and as I went I glanced behind me and saw Eddie shut the window, yet now you say he’s gravely ill?”
Juanita who turned out not to be from Spain or even Argentina but was instead born and bred in the East End and travelled daily into work no further than from Leytonstone. Disappointed not to have a chance to exercise his excellent Spanish, Sherlock proceeded to interrogate the cleaner on the subject of the missing key.
Sherlock cracked the case of the underground terrorist plot with the assistance of a train nerd called Howard and without breaking into a sweat. He sent a text with the details to Mycroft and left the rest to the bomb disposal unit. A short phone call later advised Sherlock that the perpetrator had been arrested, Mycroft hinted that he was pleased with the outcome without directly saying so, Sherlock took the thanks as implied and considered his debt paid.
Today his favourite haunt is occupied by a recently qualified clinical toxicologist who moonlights as a tutor to the undergraduates at UCL. Sherlock deduces that he is thinking of going into teaching full time although he would have to widen his specialism. Sherlock doesn’t offer his opinion… but thinks he should.
After a surprisingly good meal in the hotel, which even Sherlock had eaten, and a profitable discussion with Somersby (whom they had worked with before on a case concerning a donkey, £3.3 million of stolen Spanish antiquities and a drag artiste called Bertha O’Nation) over a couple of pints, John called it a day and went to bed. He left Sherlock in the residents’ lounge, firing up his computer to prove some point or other, possibly relating to the case.
John shrugged, he didn’t seem disposed to argue, he merely inclined his head towards the baby monitor. “It’s two way.”
John is frantic; he is four and a half thousand miles away from where he is meant to be. There’s nothing else for it, in the midst of the chaos he secures a telephone call to his only relative.
Once there, the hole already prepared, Sherlock takes the precious box, lines it with a familiar plaid shirt and soft jumper and finally places his still beating heart inside.
Sherlock could instantly see why his landlady had been so excited by Dr Huxtable name dropping the missing boy’s famous parents. She was a devotee of the gossip columns and reality television and the Duke of Holderness and his Duchess were regulars in the tabloids. He had already gleaned as much as he could from the Duke’s Wikipedia page while still at Baker Street, now he settled down to peruse the more salacious entries of the red tops. There was little of interest about the Duke who it seemed tried (although not always successfully) to keep a low profile in the press; the coverage tended to be of various charitable events and country pursuits. There were some photographs, from which Sherlock could see the Duke was a handsome, patrician man in his mid-fifties. The most interesting thing about him, apart from his title and estates, was his marriage. Not only had his choice of bride been considered rather eccentric but the Duke had been almost forty when he married, an event which took place about a year after his younger brother had died in a caving accident. There appeared to be no suspicious circumstances regarding the brother’s death, his interest in extreme sports was well known, and as it was over twenty years ago, Sherlock dismissed this from having any bearing on the present case. Although reading between the lines it appeared that it had been the loss of his heir that had prompted the Duke to marry, and while nothing was said overtly, the prime motivation was generally implied as the need to reproduce.
“I checked, you didn’t say anything to the others about where we’re off to and they never said anything to you. It’s unofficial until we get there anyway. Even if you guessed we were due for deployment, it could have been Iraq, or Sierra Leone or even Bosnia. So, what made you say Afghanistan and why did you tell me not to go there? Tell me! What did you see?”
“Not all Molly dear, it’s so lovely to see you, you’ve been quite a stranger… and who’s this young man?”
John looked bashful and changed the subject “If you don’t mind giving Rosie her bath, I’ll get changed and organise a takeaway. Then I thought we might carry on with
John was so disconcerted by Sherlock’s remarks that he could think of nothing to say for the rest of their journey home.
Steve pulled over and both he and Sherlock got out to join Danny. The sun was climbing in the sky, but the light was still hazy. Sherlock took a quick reconnaissance of the area but could see nothing to indicate that John had passed that way,
He dreads the conversation and half hopes Molly isn’t in. He has some inkling of what he must have put her through, as he has come to realise, he’s not immune to unrequited love himself.
“I don’t know about you but I am ready for bed. I don’t expect madam will give us much of a lie in tomorrow.”
After a short but very pleasant interlude where John demonstrated his expertise in kissing and Sherlock demonstrated his ability to quickly master new skills, John led Sherlock over to the couch where he proved that horizontal kissing is a great improvement on the vertical when there is a height difference between the participants. It left Sherlock shocked, breathless, and extremely excited, although he didn’t seem to be able to persuade John to go further. Sherlock wondered if that was because John was as new to this in his own way as Sherlock was. Being Sherlock, he asked, John’s reply wasn’t what he expected.
“Thanks, Mrs H,” he said, vacating the chair next to Sherlock’s bed, so that Mrs Hudson could sit down.
Greg bid them farewell and went off to the underground to take the tube back to Streatham. It was a discouraging thought, his flat was depressing at the best of times, he supposed that he would have to unpack and try to make the place liveable again, but not until he had slept at least until Boxing Day and before that there was someone he needed to see. In the distance the clock of St Mary’s stuck the quarter hour. Dinah and Sherlock would be married by now he guessed; the whole situation seemed surreal. He wondered if he should feel angry, but instead he felt relieved. Washed up, foolish and old… granted… but mostly relieved.
“It strikes me,” Crowley paused, he might be a demon, but he never liked to hurt anyone’s feelings (and by anyone he meant Aziraphale).
Mycroft sighed, although he was glad to see his brother home, and relatively unscathed after his adventures it did not take long for the fraternal affection to wear thin. “You know, it is just possible that you won’t be welcome.”
Reluctantly, he turned away from the stile and followed Aveling back through the gate and up the drive to the school building. Aveling wittered something about dinner, but Sherlock ignored him,
, we have to check out at eleven. Perhaps I will take advantage of that magnificent bathroom though.”
Sherlock sighed, two clients slamming the door on departure in two days and he had thought he was getting better at this. He wondered if he should have asked to see the bundle of letters he had glimpsed in Miss Sutherland’s handbag, but he got no further with this thought as at that moment a large man, who owned too many dogs, entered the cabin.
There was only one thing for it, the sooner Sherlock Holmes was safe in the arms of John Watson the better.
Mr King looked at the Inspector for permission, who granted it with a nod, “If it helps to discover what happened to Master Richard I would take it to the ends of the earth.”
Dr Watson, you really did take everyone by surprised. You must tell us later, how you pulled it off.”
The first client of the day seemed a suitable subject. Medium height and medium build, a middle child if ever there was one.
At ten to six he leaves his little bedsit and walks slowly to the grand entrance of the British Museum, where he waits for over an hour, deducing the visitors, the staff, the passers-by, just keeping busy.
Culverton Smith large as life and twice as ugly; the most compelling utterly repellent creature, an enigma, just not a very nice one. Relentlessly cheerful, the world is his playground and all the men and women merely players, acting out their parts for his gratification, or so it seems.
Mrs Turner and her married ones, who had been so helpful in the re-ordering of the flat B, were the first to arrive, followed closely by Molly and Stefan. Mrs Hudson rushed to show off the poppy seed cake which had pride of place in the centre of the table surrounded by the more traditional English fare of mince pies, samosas, pakora and sausage rolls.
Crowley dropped Aziraphale at his shop but didn’t go in; he had a plan formulating in his head and he wanted to get to it, plus he was still rather wary of the pollen.
“Well, there’s your answer, get yourself invited to your friends again, I’m sure they’d be glad to have you.”
John listened to the increasing agitated messages from Greg on his phone struggling to keep up. He thought he heard the words ‘posh git’ at least twice but wasn’t sure what Sherlock had to do with the officer’s sudden assignment to the Shetland Isles. Though the later introduction of the adjective ‘meddling’ made John wonder if perhaps it was not Sherlock that had got Greg quite so wound up. There were a number of garbled messages regarding buttonholes, but John couldn’t quite make out if Greg was referring to the suit or possibly to the flowers. His attempts to phone Greg back had been met with at best his voicemail, and more often the unavailable tone.
He pursed his lips and briefly reconsidered his decision to shelter the criminal, feeling John’s stare burning two fine holes into his cotton suit the entirety of the motion. He turned back in time to see John snap his head forward and make an effort to raise himself.
Surprised, John's head whipped up to see Sherlock's hunched shoulders shaking, a small, breathy snicker seeming to worm its way past his defenses. It was a happy little sound, yet no doubt a reserved one.
But as it would turn out, John has taken a rather obsessive liking to stuttering Sherlock’s pivotal at the most unforeseen of times. Past an obscured haze of darkness and into physical recollection, Sherlock recalls John tossing him into bed—John’s actual, own bed—and willingly touching him once more. Not a mere pat on the arm or a reassuring shoulder squeeze Sherlock had witnessed performed by heteronormative men around the corridor. But intimacy, a massage succeeding in Sherlock vowing to never label John’s hands as burly again. They were careful, considerate things that stroked the only thing keeping his mind alight into ensured bliss.
“And where are you off to?” This appeared to have peaked Sherlock’s interest. Despite his tired features and weary posture, you could visibly see his eyes sharpen at the question. He wondered if this was what his patients had ever felt like under his laser eyed-care.
Could John not see the urgency of the situation? He was going to die of hypothermia. Some doctor he was going to be, Sherlock pities his bedside manner already. Sherlock sighs and glares back up at John’s figure, which was located twelve or so yards away. John probably couldn’t see his pitiful state from there anyways. Good.
Sherlock lets out a sharp scoff and grimaces as his cheeks retain whatever blood remained in his body, if only to embarrass him instead of doing something moderately helpful like circulate to the rest of his body to keep him animate. “Put me down.” Sherlock barks gravelly as he squirms in resistance.
How strange, he hadn’t even noticed these so called ‘all the time’ convos. Who starts them? Who ends them? What are they about? Has he uncovered some of his deepest, darkest secrets beyond his notice? Oh, has
John walks up to the figure quietly, as to not startle yet make his presence known. He wasn’t granted a twitch and stands in front of him, his body shadowing Sherlock’s still form from the minute, blinding red glare.
And comes to realize then, that try as Sherlock might, he really was just a child at heart. John knows the feeling well, wants to be an adult today, then a child tomorrow. Still feels it sometimes
It was informal and vague, just how John liked it. Try tracking that, you Scottland Yard sods. He wiped a snowflake off his screen and sighed, watching the graceful swirl of white dissipate.
John thought bemusedly and inappropriately relieved. Just as he was reaching to undo it a loud knock startled him. "John, are you alright?" That was when John looked around and took note of his short breath, blood ridden bandages tossed haphazardly over the bathroom counter, his wet eyes, burning throat, the fact he was still shaking, and his rapidly beating heart and sinking stomach. He paused. "I'm not so sure."
The man glanced at the bag he was holding, John looked down and noticed his white-knuckled grip on it, and loosened his hand.
John gritted his teeth, his face still pressed against the now slick surface beneath his head. It was either blood or sweat, and he couldn't care less if he tried.  "What the fuck do you bastards think you're doing?!"
“Sugar-bombing?” He couldn’t have been able to suppress the tetchy indignation if he attempted. To hell with it. “You can’t just create words to fit your grammatical needs like some—some ornate deviant—“
Daryll blew out a frustrated breath. "Well duh." She fixed him with a glare with her dark brown eyes. "We need to call the police."
Sherlock gathers his back pack, writing utensils and an electric sharpener for some reason, before he’s even aware he’s taken another breath. “Why didn’t you inform me earlier?” He asks, just a tinge hysteric and all around irritated.
It wasn’t an utter lie either, and wasn’t that a surprise. But not an entirely unpleasant one. Still not taking the chance. Hopefully he wouldn’t see John too often due to their schedules, they could keep this mutual I-don’t-hate-you vibe up. ‘Ignorance is bliss’ rings true in some cases. Even if Sherlock loathes the saying, he’d learn to live by it for this one thing. Mycroft had handled this situation well enough. His overbearing nature had its perks. All he had to do was play dead.
John wanted to growl, but all that came out were angry, British vowels. Good enough.  “…That-That’s really passionate and everything but I can’t afford to take any chances.” He looked mournfully down at his ripped jumper held between his crossed arms when another shiver racked his frame.
Sherlock stared at the closed door until he heard footsteps recede down creaking stairs. Taking a deep breath he scrubbed a hand through his hair. That was more troublesome than usual. She usually just condemned him to hell and told him he was the most repulsive human being she'd ever had the rancor of meeting. He made to walk back to the kitchen but it was short lived.
A finger pokes up at his shin from below the monkey bars. Sherlock emits a startled scream as his pale eyes shoot down in alarm.
The eyes blinked and looked around before refocusing on Johns battered form once more. Calculating. Slowly he felt two gloved hands grip his waist gently, and he hissed. "My apologies, please bear with it." Then John felt himself in the air for a moment, then gripped under his knees and around his back. The world fucking
"I know what you do, boy. And you're not letting Sherlock get one whiff of it. You hear me?" John felt the hair on his arms raise at the chilling dip the woman's voice had taken. He nodded, then shook his head, he would never ever contribute to turning Sherlock into one of those animals. And he told her so.
“Aye aye, Captain!” Salutes Dante with a sardonic lift of his brow before swiveling back to the others, his hand raised like an enthused kindergartener. “I call blindside flanker!”
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock murmurs, after a moment, feeling and sounding a tad too sincere for his taste. Leans back a little. And in all likelihood, it was against his will. But to avoid looking strange or repulsed by shooting up and away. Sherlock remains slightly reclined, careful to keep his back from coming in contact with John’s arm, but it’s enough, warmth emanates from the limb and through his hoodie.
Sherlock would stand in that compact dormitory surrounded by the substantial clutter of his aspirations, precarious stacks of knowledge evincing of sleepless nights, or sleep forgotten. Cutting a strict figure in the muted, warm light of a setting sun as he faced the meringue-painted skyline head-on. He was lithe elegance, sharp shoulders and almost… delicate in his deft, requisite build. Somehow, abstruse and intricate, complicated and twisted in an airily-crafted sort of way. No bullheaded superego critical to his very existence like those John found himself acquainted with on the daily. Sherlock was just kind of…there. No expectations for acceptance or understanding, no humble requirements asked of his equals or a necessitation for a simple warmth of companionship found in another human being. Nothing.
“Speaking of ‘odd’-- or should I say ODD-- when do you think you’ll be back?” John prompts casually, still curious. Turns back to his laptop, and absent-mindedly types in the process wherein psoriasis commonly causes cardiovascular disease and diabetes—and how it attributes
Sherlock, now looking pleased and leafing through resumes for god knows what, answers him. "The laundry machine."
John races down another corridor, pace brisk and nerves on edge. He’d gotten caught up in his stupid essay, only after finishing it and reaching his arms over his head to stretch his stiff back had he noticed the dark hour. The black sky as plain as not-day through the windowpane peeking through open blinds. And immediately regretted not trading numbers with Sherlock until he noticed the shiny device plugged into the wall and rested on a jar. Jar test or something, that’s what Sherlock said.
A small wooden clatter resounded. "Oh just take the sodding coat already." Surprised, John's head whipped up to see Sherlock's hunched shoulders shaking, a small, breathy snicker managing to worm its way past his defenses. It was a happy little sound, yet no doubt a reserved one.
"I wouldn't do that if I were you, your ribs are rather...bruised." He died off as John reluctantly reclined with a muffled scream.
“Oh, good morning.” A feminine voice greets behind him the very fucking instant he closes the door. He finds a new hatred for his baritone, one he never thought he’d have.
His shout catches the figure’s attention, as well as Cujo’s, while the dog recommences his mangy-lingo assault. “John!” Sherlock waves, a bracing breeze nearly blowing him off the elementary contraption, and causing his numb hands to grip the bars again. His skin feels as thin and fragile as paper while he maintains his balance past the light vertigo. Sherlock fears they may tear. “Over here!”
Quickly wiping her eyes on her sleeve she gripped the phone harder and glanced venomously towards it. "We're thinking about going out for ice cream afterwards, is that alright?" She remained obediently silent. "Great! We'll see you there!" The line went dead.
“Because you would have ran away, ultimately freezing to death in your mad-dash to escape the big, bad authority mutts and their lap dog. When in reality, I’d rather have the walls painted with my innards, and have my severed head  act as a paintbrush. Than be referred to as anything remotely related to their
?! 1930 is not recent! Oh, I know, because it possesses less mass than what you deem fit to house your fat arse?!”
“Oh hush.” Sherlock breathes out, done. And flips his book back his last page. Lucky him, he’d learned to fold the corners after every page he turned, for reasons such as  Irene Adler, in all her meddling, 18+ glory. One day he’s imploring a change of perspective from the professor for his appalling signature line ‘
Sherlock begins to truly feel a bored as his initial prediction steadily rings true with each word Jim has taken the unknown liberty to recite. Expect the unexpected indeed. Unexpected showing a 5% chance of physical assault in public domain and gleaned from Jim’s established bark-not-biter complex written in the care of the buttons on his pressed dress shirt. Lucky for Sherlock indeed, his hand and back were notably tender at the moment. Not an enemy, halt threat?
He'd taken essential care in disposing of unwanted body part's. Ensured the procurement had been erased, every fleck of blood or broken struggle-induced fingernail had been contained. Promptly taking great care in running his victim's severed hands over furniture and appliances, every doorknob, every used cup, every picture. All the palms strokes treating each object accordingly. The prints looking every bit as casual, reverent or rushed, easily equating his victim's character and regimen. It was mostly unnecessary but he'd indulged in the act.
“Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson called from the kitchen, “I’m putting some ginger in your tea. Is that okay?”
“Mrs Hudson, this is too much work.” John let out a resigned chuckle. “You shouldn’t have put in so much effort into lunch for... me.”
Suddenly, the black was gone. Sherlock wasn’t drowning anymore, he wasn’t tied up anymore. He was simply gasping, and with his hands finally free, he grabbed at his throat, trying to gulp as much oxygen as he could manage.
“Okay, so this is how we’ll start,” he brandished his phone in Mrs Hudson’s face, “I have in my phone a directory of all newly-departed souls. By newly-departed, I mean all those who’ve finished the expedited Possession Training in Hell within the last five earth years. Sounds weird that all of this is documented, but I have a guy. We have a system. It allows me to do due diligence for cases like yours—”
But before he could verbalise them, Spaulding rose to his full height and began inspecting the living room, particularly the fallen headphones.
John’s eyes were so earnest, so open, in a way they usually weren’t. Through all the highs and lows of their adventures, Sherlock had always been aware of—and witnessed—John’s tendency to keep people away. Sherlock had made it closest, braved years of uphill battles and ignored all notions of boundaries or propriety to get John to open up. But this... this was John at his most open, most expressive, most vulnerable, and while John usually kept everyone at an arm’s distance, Sherlock, despite being physically at arm’s length from John, had never felt as close to him.
A long-ish chapter. Sorry for the delay. I've had this sitting in my computer as a draft for months but I felt it needed more and more edits and now here it is!
“There’s no point to this nightmare, Sherlock!” Moriarty barked in his ear, making Sherlock curl tighter into himself, trying to look away. “This is just your brain making a montage of the worst moments of your life because that’s just what it likes to do!”
“Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson chastised, a fond smile lighting her face up. “Fine, I’ll make your favourite too if you must be like that. After everything that’s happened these past few days, you deserve a night off.”
“Please let me know when I can come by tomorrow. May you have a lovely evening. And, please, check the invoices.”
“Now for the bad news; there’s two kinds here, actually. Scenario one: the entity is still in training, and he’s out here practising, which means he’s got a ‘mentor demon’ with him: seeing whether he follows the infestation training checklist, smacking him when something goes wrong, that sort of thing. This makes your chap virtually untouchable. Or, scenario two: he’s abandoned his training and is the sort of demon who won’t play by the rules, and I don’t need to tell you how dangerous that can be if not handled by the right lawyer.”
"I'll get some ice," John muttered, and marched back towards the kitchen. For a moment, Sherlock imagined he heard the ghost of 'Bachelor John Watson' call to him and he followed after John, like a man possessed.
“I w-wrote to him,” Mrs Hudson looked taken aback at Sherlock’s irreverent attitude, “explaining your... condition...”
“This flat isn’t a suitable environment for Rosie yet, so it’s better he stays away lest this demonic nonsense affect her.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. First Mrs Hudson, now Spaulding. It seemed that no one was buying his lies tonight. How inconvenient. But before Sherlock could fire a comeback, his phone pinged with another text.
“Well, Mr Holmes,” with each word, Spaulding took a step away from Sherlock, “just hold on for a couple of hours till the cease-and-desist is ready, and your demon will leave you alone for some time. While I prepare the paperwork in my office, all I can offer you in the meantime are some warnings about the possession
Mycroft had gone ahead, after the initial debrief, leaving Sherlock to be patched up in a military hospital in Dusseldorf before being put on the army aircraft to England. It had been a perfunctory job, a few stitches here and there, a couple of blood tests but generally Sherlock was in better shape than anyone who had endured what he had, had the right to be, and could be treated with antibiotics and some mild painkillers and then sent on his way. Sherlock was not inclined to protest; he was bone weary and just wanted it all to be over.
Mycroft recognised the reference and was even more discombobulated, if such a thing was possible, especially when the man, his guest Mycroft supposed, came forward and peered at him inquisitively.
“Um… I think we may have reached the point where I would like to say your place or mine…” There was a pregnant silence and then John continued, “only I am sharing a hotel room with two hairy arsed squaddies.”
Harry’s on a roll, employing the same wheedling voice she’s used to get her own way ever since she was six. John will do anything to make her stop.
“Let’s warm up with the basic box step, I’ll lead you copy… watch my feet… follow… one two three, two two three, three two three, four two three… keep your eyes on my feet, and again.”
reported that the Duke and Duchess of Holderness had settled their differences and the rumoured divorce would now not take place.
Steve shrugged, “I know what you are getting at, but you are wrong to suspect any of them. Roy, the gamekeeper I have known all my life, he grew up on the estate, same as I did, and his father worked for the family same as mine did. Pete, that’s Roy’s second in command, he’s a village boy, family farmed round here for generations. Mr Rogers the land agent, he’s been here since the old duke’s time, must be twenty years.”
Steve thought for a moment, “To be honest not since the Spring, I brought a geologist, from the University up here for a visit.”
“It was more complex than that, but that’s not my story to tell. It wasn't until I started to court  Dinah that the extent of the danger Lestrade was in became clear. I had planned to come between them, to cause her to split with him, and then finish with her. Except when I investigated her past, I realised just how dangerous she was.
“I suppose James might reckon he has rights. That the estate owes him something on account of his father, and a bit more than a job and a pension at the end of it. But you’re right about the money, it’s all hers and there’s no reason for the Duchess to stump up anything for Alex’s by-blow, he’s no relation of hers. There’s no love lost between James and the Duchess either… Maybe you are right, Mr Holmes, and it is some scheme to swell the coffers for a few years and set James up with a legacy. Although I can’t see the Duke agreeing to it, but James… yes, I can see James coming up with  something along the lines.”
Sam placed the Rudolph on the windowsill behind John, “there looks better already”. John thought it easier just to agree.
John seemed satisfied with the answer, “well played, anyway.” He was quiet for a moment then said, “I’m sorry about Bill, earlier… this morning… he’s such an arse”
“Since when did you get to be the person who makes tea?” John asked, no trace of sleep in his voice. “You made me three cups of tea yesterday, that’s three more than in the whole two years we lived together.”
He changes the subject “I almost forgot” indicating the tightly sealed bag “I brought your kit, as instructed”
Sally knew her taste in men was lousy but she didn’t need a self-confessed sociopath to point it out, her mother and her sister were more than capable of doing that.
They retreated to the wallpaper section, but it was no good, Rosie was tired and upset, and he too found himself comparing everything to the perfect little room in Baker Street.
“So Inspector, I suggest you start by questioning whoever was in the building two days ago and had access to the control panel for the lights.”
Even more than he loved fun, Aziraphale loved having someone to share it with, it was why he enjoyed Crowley’s company so much, despite the obvious conflict of interests. He had been moved to help Sherlock out of compassion for the man’s heartache and out of a sense of fairness, that the side of the angels owed the detective some recompense for what he had endured in their cause. He had not expected to like the man, his reputation as a sociopath went before him, or to find that they had so much in common.
Earlier that afternoon, while a reluctant Rosie was down for a nap and John had thought himself alone Sherlock had spied him scribbling notes on a piece of paper. John had hurriedly stuffed the paper down the side of his chair when he realised that Sherlock had come back upstairs and then hidden it more carefully when he thought Sherlock wasn’t looking. The detective had had to wait a full, and unacceptable, two hours for John to leave the flat with Rosie in order to retrieve the paper and find out what the doctor was being so mysterious about.
John turned the laptop so Sherlock could see the picture of grey haired man in his early sixties captioned as Rev. Abraham Garvey. “There’s a link to his church website,”
He stole out of the bedroom and back the way he had come, on the floor below he could clearly hear Mr Fell and an elderly woman talking loudly and firmly, but without shouting. He deduced that both aunt and nephew thought the other was going deaf.
“Not far. I asked the receptionist where the best place to eat in Wilvercombe, she said the restaurant of the Hotel Resplendent, so I’ve booked at table there.”
“There is nothing to gain by concealing anything from you. Complete frankness, however painful it may be to me, is the best policy in this desperate situation to which James's folly and jealousy have reduced us. You’d better sit down; it is a long story.”
Lestrade hurriedly put his phone away as John returned from the bar, in order to give him his full attention, and waited for John to speak first.
“John Watson is vital to Sherlock’s happiness, but engaged to Mary Morstan. We are going to have to make him choose.”
Danny didn’t agree. “Wouldn’t they just leave him here? Make it look like he’d come off his bike in the dark.”
John spotted that Sherlock was about torpedo his good record with the Inspector and hastily intervened. “Perhaps our local station can take care of it, we’ll arrange to pop in there and they can send them on to you. It’s been a long night and we have responsibilities at home.”
At six o’clock the doorbell rang, and John went to answer it. At the door was a liveried official looking man holding a cool box.
Sherlock would have claimed that he knew London like the back of his hand. Since his return from his exile, he had made it his business to reacquaint himself with the city, and the changes that had happened while he was away. Even so, Sherlock became aware that he was unfamiliar with this part of town; he wondered if Mr Fell’s mystery might have more sinister overtones, and if he should have brought John after all.
Sherlock’s narrative was interrupted by the need to change trains at Worcester. The rain had turned to sleet, and it was cold and miserable. John went into the station café and bought them both tea while Sherlock huddled in the waiting room. Fortunately, it was not a long wait and they were soon on the local train to Great Malvern. This was crowded and Sherlock, who was never at his best on public transport drew into his coat as if to protect himself from the onslaught of sensations from being surrounded by so many people.
John looked surprised, Sherlock rarely complained of being in London, but perhaps he had changed, he had been through a lot in the past few years.
“Good man,” Sherlock replied, taking from his pocket the collection of notes and drawings, both his own and those that had been sent to him by Richard Hilton-Cubitt. Asking for a pen and some paper he sat down at the kitchen table and worked for some time until finally he gave the completed note to Mr King saying that it was to be handed only to Mr Abraham Garvey who he believed would be found at Elirige’s Farm.
Goodness, Sherlock thought, having read the words through twice for the sheer awfulness to sink in, what on earth was John doing copying out doggerel like this? Was the writer planning on splitting himself in half so that he drowned in both pools at once? Sherlock couldn’t see how John’s previous experience of pools would be anything he would be keen to revisit. As for kissing for eternity, well the average human being was able to hold their breath comfortably for little over 60 seconds, while he had trained himself to hold his breath for several minutes that was at the peak of his fitness and he was by no means certain that John could do anything similar. No the whole thing was nasty, sentimental gibberish.
“This must be an instruction, something Eddie; it can’t be WAIT because it ends in E so it must be…”
His cries in the night echoed through the thin walls of the hostel and made him unpopular with the other residents, but John was indifferent to their complaints, he suspected he might never care about anything ever again. But John did recognise that the only alternative to his place at the hostel was the streets, so he took to drinking in the evenings in the vain hope it might render him unconscious through the night.
John cringed, he had been thinking that Sherlock’s questioning was insensitive and there he had managed to go one better. He blushed, apologised and looked at his watch.
Crowley would have been outraged on his angel’s behalf if he hadn’t been so delighted. “I thought it was all going so well… gourmet dining, virtuoso performances, dancing…”
“Fiancé!” John had to bite back exclaiming the word at a volume the whole restaurant would hear, “what makes you so sure?”
“I imagine that he is going to persuade Mary Morstan to turn Queen’s evidence in return for a place on a witness protection scheme somewhere, America or Australia perhaps. Effectively killing a number of birds with one stone.”
“Do you think…” Danny’s voice trailed away before he carried on determinedly, “do you think Dr Watson might be around here somewhere too?”
“I don’t anticipate leaving the flat, unless I am called upon for a case.” He said after a while, “However I believe that will be unlikely as Hopkins is still tying up the loose ends of the Chigwell corpse and Lestrade is off duty tonight and is intending to spend the evening in the pub…ah I see. He has requested your company.”
Inspector Martin had the good sense to allow Sherlock a free hand, and contented himself with carefully noting the results. Another uniformed officer had spoken at length with one of the paramedics and she reported that while Patrick Hilton-Cubitt’s injuries were serious, they had no idea if they would prove fatal. The bullet had passed through the front of his brain, but the fact it had not killed him outright meant there was still hope. On the question of whether he had been shot or had shot himself the paramedic wouldn’t say. Certainly it appeared that the bullet had been discharged at very close quarters. There was only the one pistol found in the room, two barrels of which had been emptied. Richard Hilton-Cubitt had been shot through the heart. It was equally conceivable that he had shot Patrick and then himself, or that Patrick had been the instigator, as the revolver lay upon the ﬂoor midway between them.
snaked round the corner of Villiers Street. Lestrade wondered what his younger self would have made of him and Mycroft, two middle aged men at the start of something new. He began to describe his early forays into the London scene, nearly thirty years ago when he had just moved up from the country. Then he noticed Mycroft glance at his watch for a second time, the difficulty with a fob watch was it was impossible to do this discreetly.
They talk; God knows they can talk, the psychopath and the sociopath. They bounce off one another, at once congratulatory and conciliatory and all the while John plays gooseberry. They should have married each other; he says but doesn’t mean it.
Lo and behold, Frieda, Clara and the birthday party had actually turned up. Harry had feigned surprise for approximately thirty seconds before attaching herself limpet like to the tall, thin, nervy looking brunette he assumed was Clara. She was Harry’s type, and he conceded, not dissimilar to his own.
Time marched on, until Sherlock had been dead almost a year. John no longer saw the splatter pattern of Sherlock’s blood on the pavement every time he closed his eyes. Some nights he went to sleep without the assistance of a double scotch, and two or three days a week he even went a couple of hours without thinking about his friend’s suicide. He began to think of employment, not a return to medicine, that was a closed book now, but something to occupy the hours not spent staring at his unwritten blog, or the bottom of a glass. With the help of his probation officer he found a course that would help him turn his medical degree into an approximation of a teaching qualification and set about achieving that in the shortest amount of time permissible.
He'd collected Rosie from nursery around five and picked up a takeaway on the way home. Now in the sitting room of 221b, replete and relaxed he was looking forward to a night of crap telly, maybe even a Bond film, without a running commentary from you know who.
“What of her?” Sherlock replied, not taking his eyes off his phone where he was tapping out some or other text.
Sherlock couldn’t answer, he didn’t know. He’d thought he had nailed the whole fortune telling malarkey. He had a system… deduce and display, regale and reveal, ka-ching, next! He had never made a comment that hadn’t the sound base of observation cross referenced against the huge amount of data he had stored in his memory banks. He dealt in cold hard facts not idle suppositions…
It wasn’t quite how he’d seen the night pan out, but if that’s all that’s on offer, he won’t say no to a hand job in the bogs.
Sherlock hurls the pistol into the Thames; the swirling water awakens a memory in his mind palace. When he emerges he finds he’s alone on the footpath by Hungerford Bridge
At eight-thirty Greg reluctantly joined the rest of his team in the dining room where they were all tucking into a hearty Scottish breakfast. He sat down next to Donovan and ordered a coffee from the hovering waitress.
“I’m young, alive, I may be a successful woman, but I too yearn for love and companionship and someone to love me in return, and in Gregory I have found that someone. That’s why we have decided to bring our wedding forward and will be tying the knot two weeks today, I hope you will all join us on our special day.”
As the taxi drove along the famous yew avenue of Holderness Hall. Sherlock noted a new Range Rover parked haphazardly in the driveway. Sherlock and John were ushered through the magnificent Elizabethan doorway and into his Grace's study. There they found the Duke sat behind his desk while he was berated by a petit, peroxide blonde woman, incongruously dressed in jeans, a cashmere jumper and four inch heels, while diamonds that belonged in a bank vault sparkled from her ears and fingers. Neither looked as if they had slept.
The glitter seemed to have got everywhere. John attacked the cuffs with a lint roller before placing the shirt in the washing machine. It was over all his clothes and not just the ones he had worn at work yesterday in the ‘Santa’s Grotto’ that had become of his office.
John was just giving his assent when they were interrupted by the boisterous sound of Bill arriving in the dining room, closely followed by Chris. They both looked rather worse for wear and Bill was singing, tunelessly, an old musical hall song “who were you with last night…”
The third man, also a soldier and a medic, Sherlock presumed that much, had obviously used the interval to wander down the promenade towards the pier and seemed reluctant to return, resulting in his friends becoming that more determined to make him, shouting his name in the street and threatening to tell someone called Lucy that he’d ‘chickened out’.
Sherlock announced that he was ready to go to Holderness Hall and a taxi was on its way. John insisted on accompanying him, just as Sherlock had known he would.
John threw another log on the fire. He checked it first, Sherlock had some kind of experiment going with the woodpile outside the back door. After John had accidentally incinerated a vital specimen a few weeks back during the sudden cold snap, and had been subjected to harsh words and reproachful looks for almost a week, he had insisted that the detective mark all logs available for burning with a splash of white paint. So far, the system was working.
if you’ve nothing else planned, ready for next week. If you’re very good, I’ll even let you pull holes in the plot.”
“’Holderness, 10th Duke, K.G., P.C.' blah, blah! 'Baron Beverley, Earl of Carston' and the rest! 'Lord Lieutenant of Hallamshire since 2000. Married Natasha, daughter of Pieter Petrovitch, 1997. Four children, Olga, Marianna, Estella and Arthur, Lord Saltire… What is it Mrs Hudson?”
Sam had breached the sanctity of John’s consulting room just as his morning surgery was finishing. She did, as she reminds him, knock.
As he pedalled furiously John racked his brain to see if he could remember who slept in the corner rooms in that wing of the school. He thought it was Morrison and a boy with a vivarium on the first floor, above them, Caunter and the new boy Arthur Saltire. At once, John was certain that it had been Arthur whom he had seen making his escape.
“The Duke, what he said to us just before we left, that he wouldn’t have married if he’d known he had an heir?”
Fridays John generally finished at the surgery at noon and collected Rosie early from the child minder before going back to his soulless flat in the suburbs and getting on with the jobs that awaited him there. But for some reason today he found he couldn’t face another afternoon of washing and cleaning with only Rosie for company so instead of turning for home, he crossed the road and headed off in the direction of the underground.
He reached for his mobile and saw he had twenty-six missed calls, all from Mrs Hudson. Vaguely alarmed, Sherlock walked to the top of the stairs and called his landlady.
“No Mr Holmes,” Mary entreated, “you must come with us; I still have to repay you for kindness, I have money for you but thought I might pay for your meal too.”
Sherlock agreed to John taking a shower providing he didn’t lock the bathroom door, John, desperate to have a wash and shave agreed to Sherlock’s demands although not before muttering about a ‘mother hen’.
“You could tell that just from the cat hair on her skirt… thirteen! No wonder the daughter in law has the heebie-jeebies.”
“Her secretary who had been with her for forty years had died and she was quite bereft. She has a very strict routine, she dictates into a recorder every morning between 9 o’clock and noon, I collect the tapes and type them up at home and take the pages back to her at half past four. Mrs Etheredge either accepts or amends them. If there are amendments, I carry those out the following morning.
Sherlock went up the three steps to the front door, with John just behind him, and rang the bell. After a couple of minutes, he rang the bell again, without response. Just as John was about to speculate as to the family’s absence or whether it was worth ringing the bell a third time, the door opened.
“Jo was lovely, don’t get the impression that as a family we were in anyway Victorian about the affair, it was of no concern to us that she was a girl from the village, she was a good match for Alex, as brave and headstrong as he was. Then Alex got Jo in trouble as we used to say, he came to me for advice, he said he wanted to do the right thing by her but neither of them felt cut out to be parents, Jo was only just eighteen at the time. Well I thought he was talking about…” The Duke hesitated, but Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock braced himself for the blow, but it never came. Instead the man turned and with the parting shot of “Well fuck you…” strode out of the cabin slamming the door behind him. The whole cabin, not the most robust of buildings, shook but Sherlock paid no attention. Outside he heard the words “fucking charlatan” and the sound of voices fading as the three men departed down the street.
“Like I said originally Gordon, someone who can make it worth his while which means someone with money and a lot to lose, footballer, pop singer, politician…”
He sat down on the edge of John’s bed and straightened out the paper. There was more writing this time, something like a poem.
“I know, Mycroft, I could say the same about myself and Dinah. But what you and I had together was good, Mycroft, I miss it… hang on… you said you didn’t know about Dinah when you sent me to Scotland… so you tried to split us up anyway. Mycroft were you jealous?”
Sadly, it appeared it was time for Sherlock to face the hard facts. John‘s romantic conquests were legendary, he had been a widower for over a year, it was almost inevitable that he should become enamoured of someone. Despite the lack of evidence, having eliminated the impossible, whatever remained, however improbable, had to be the truth. Somehow, without giving any signs of her presence an unknown woman had inveigled her way into John’s affections. This brilliant beauty with her ebony hair, ivory skin and no doubt pert bottom had captured John’s thoughts and desires and was poised to take him, and by default Rosie, away from their home in Baker Street. Sherlock had always schooled himself to be content with whatever crumbs John chose to strew his way and now even that little morsel would be gone.
The Queen rejoiced beyond measure at the sight of the new riches, but as she could never have enough of gold, she had the miller's brother taken into a still larger room full of straw, and said, “This, too, must be spun in one night, and if you accomplish it you shall be my husband, but if by the early morning you have not spun this straw to gold you shall die.” For she thought,
, I was afraid that you would genuinely fall for her, she seemed to have all the attributes you go for. I wasn’t capable of rational thought about the situation at all.
They never do, thought the clairvoyant, wordlessly indicating the list of charges on the wall. The young man reluctantly reached for his wallet, crossing the palm, not with silver but with a note, and sat down.
Sherlock didn’t ask what he meant, “Some kind of highly concentrated opiate, possibly mixed with something else. Adaptable enough to be injected and also to appear as confectioners’ sugar.”
John got up to take his sleeping daughter from her and together they made a nest on one of the arm chairs surrounded by cushions to allow Rosie to nap in safety.
At four o’clock Dinah announced that she was going to go and change, and John recognised that as their cue to leave. Molly and Mrs Hudson were already three sheets to the wind, the champagne having flowed rather freely. Simon was trying unsuccessfully to herd them together as a precursor to going home. The p.a. (whose name John still didn’t know) had gone back to work ages ago and Rosie was curled up on one of the sofas sound asleep. John’s reconnaissance revealed that one person was missing.
Ralph Fell spotted John first and had the nerve to beckon him in. Sherlock killed the music and the temperature in the room dropped by about thirty degrees. John started to make his excuses and back out of the room but again Sherlock allowed his visitor to do the talking.
“I think I’ll join you.” Sherlock produced his own cigarettes, lit one, and inhaled with great satisfaction.
He found the detective by the lean-to at the side of the surgery frequented by the surprising number of patients who seemed to need a smoke while waiting for their name to be called. He was eyeing up a Marlborough Red longingly but had the grace to look guilty when John appeared.
He positions himself full length on the dilapidated sofa bed that is the sole useful piece of furniture in his bedsit and lets the solution flowing through his veins take him to the place he needs to be.
Six months, three days and fifteen hours after the internment, Sherlock Holmes is helping the police with their enquiries.
Sherlock looked that his drawings on the blackboard. They weren’t going anywhere and a change of scene might give him a fresh perspective when he got back.
“When Miss Sutherland came to see me yesterday, I garnered some information from her physical appearance. She had the imprints of glasses either side of the bridge of her nose but seem to manage well enough without them while walking so short sighted. She had black and red smudges on the tips of her fingers, the kind caused by changing an old fashioned typewriter ribbon, I’m sure she would usually to do this swiftly and cleanly but in her agitation yesterday she had been clumsy. And then there was her shoes…”
John shuddered violently. As Sherlock suspected, the reaction was setting in. He moved as close to him as the seat belt would allow so that their shoulders were touching.
“Blimey Greg”, John spluttered on his drink. “No need to be quite so defensive. I’m your mate, you don’t need to justify yourself to me, not least about this.”
“The only evidence I can offer you is the evidence of the dancing men,” Sherlock admitted, “I will explain the matter to you later. Meanwhile, since it is too late to prevent this tragedy, I am very anxious that I should use the knowledge which I possess in order to ensure that justice be done. Will you allow us into your investigation, or will you prefer that we should act independently?”
To the untrained eye Mycroft Holmes would have appeared no different to how he usually looked, but Sherlock wasn’t fooled. Although, unlike on the occasion of his visit to Baker Street, Mycroft was impeccably turned out, there were deep shadows under his eyes and his suit hung loosely on his frame.
Aziraphale made a despairing sound, “I was supposed to bring them together not drive a wedge between them, and now my poor boy is in even more of a pickle than before. It is far worse than when the Adler person was playing her mind games, and even when Moriarty was at his zenith.”
A shadow passes over John’s visage; he thinks of his forthcoming medical board. Time to face the facts.
The next day started well in Sherlock’s opinion but went steadily downhill from then on. The good start came in the form of an email from Richard Hilton-Cubitt with an attachment of a photograph of another set of stick men. The email contained a description of the exact circumstances of the discovery, something to do with chalk on a black barn door; Sherlock skimmed the details before dismissing them as irrelevant. Despite its initial promise the new photograph was rather a let-down but Sherlock printed it out anyway to compare with its predecessor.
Sherlock considered various occasions in their past, before Mary, before The Fall when he and John had shared a billet in some hotel or other with only one bed. It had never been an issue, inevitably it had been a case that had taken them away from home, and as Sherlock never slept during an investigation the matter of sharing the bed never arose. But Sherlock was older now, and his transport required more attention. He did sleep even during complex cases. The thought of curling up next to a recumbent John, listening to him breathe in the night, having his solid warmth beside him was very appealing, but there was more to sharing a marriage bed than just sleeping.
Thank goodness tomorrow was Friday, he didn’t think he could fit in work around another day of worrying, today had been difficult enough. The surgery was exceptionally busy, with the usual flu and norovirus, plus the additional bunch of idiots who had overindulged in advance of the Christmas holidays.
Janine has been leaving messages on Sherlock’s voicemail for the past hour, ever since she arrived at Baker Street and found him missing, so she’s caught on the hop when he finally answers.
“I saw the blood and dust and sand, I could even smell the cordite in the air… I saw him hurt… bleeding out under an Afghan sky… before I’d had a chance to deduce the slightest thing about him. But I couldn’t tell him that, so instead I told him I loved him.”
John tracked Sherlock down to the kitchen, he noticed that the Tesco delivery had arrived while he was out but hadn’t been put away, somethings didn’t change after all. Sherlock was standing by the stove, wearing his safety goggles and hazmat gloves holding a thermometer in one hand and a pipette in the other as he slowly added orange juice to a pan of simmering red wine; the air was fragrant with the smell of cinnamon, cloves and star anise.
“We kept it hidden, it just wasn’t done in our town, but we had each other. Did folk guess? I couldn’t tell you. As it happens we didn’t see that much of each other, different colleges. I was busy with the church, Eddie with his writing. But then suddenly we were thirty and all the guys we knew at school were getting married and having kids, and I thought if folk aren’t talking they will be before long. Eddie was teaching at the local junior school, and I’d been called to an associate pastorship at my dad’s church and I just knew that people would sure enough start asking why the two of us were still on our own. Then Eddie got a book deal, and he started to get dissatisfied, he wanted to go off and see the world and he wanted me to go with him, but I couldn’t could I cause then folk would really have talked.
John pulled a slightly swaying Sherlock into his arms, as they stood beneath the mistletoe for their turn. It felt so right.
Summer holidays gave people space to contemplate the future and dwell on the past, and while Sherlock might complain to himself of the trivial nature of their questions he was mostly satisfied with the accuracy of his deductions. But between readings and occasionally during, Sherlock’s mind wandered to the soldier of the evening before. He silently berated himself, while listing all the things he should have deduced about the man…
John would have given a great deal to lie in bed a while longer, maybe to spend an hour or so continuing his exploration of Sherlock’s body and mapping his erogenous zones, but a little sing song voice sounded over the monitor.
The older man read his message and burst out laughing. The younger read his own message, read it again, then looked at his companion, his face a picture of shock.
Both the Duke and Duchess started talking at once, the Duke finally showing some emotion concerning his missing son. “I was not entirely honest with you when you asked for James earlier, he was not unwell this morning. He took a call before he left, I saw the number come up on the phone before he answered it, I believe it was from Dr Huxtable, probably to inform me that Dr Watson had been found.”
“Oh, I don’t know” Sherlock joined John in looking at the hotel, before swinging round and flashing his brilliant smile. “Let me have a word with the receptionist.”
Sherlock demurred, turning a delicate shade of pink. “Your contribution was important too, John, Alice’s comments about her father’s view of Paul as a potential suitor made me suspicious and more aware of their genetic link.”
Frankly Mycroft Holmes has had enough. He’s been apologising to Lady Smallwood for weeks and she still won’t let him forget it. Admittedly he did withdraw her ultra-status…and accuse her of treason… and the death of at least four operatives… and have her arrested but it was a matter of national security. He’d said he was sorry, what more did the bloody woman want? Thank God she was on holiday next week.
Greg looked uncomfortable, as if he was looking for an excuse but had not thought of one quickly enough.
“Sherlock,” John said slowly, as if not to frighten him, “This person. Did you never see him again? Or was it just that you didn’t see him for two years?
“Count… one two three, one two three… keep counting, one two three, until you don’t know you’re doing it.  Left hand up, higher, that’s right, keep it there. You’re leading remember, one two three… Step – point, Step – point and solo three turn.”
On John’s return he went about finishing making the tea that Sherlock had forgotten which made Sherlock want to scream. But finally no more prevarication was possible; the two men went into John’s lounge and sat down.
Sherlock, however, is inconsolable “She hurt herself on my watch - one minute she was chattering away to teddy, the next she’s in the kitchen with a bump the size of an egg. I don’t understand how she got out of her playpen”
John went back up the stairs to his room, quietly so as not to wake Rosie and slowly so that he could tap out a text to Greg.
Mrs Hudson’s kitchen was the second place where Sherlock felt most at home, after his own flat. There was a fresh tray of mince pies just out of the oven, Sherlock reached for one automatically, and received a sharp rap on the back of his hand with a wooden spoon.
Mary Morstan had taken a day off work, in order to meet Antonia, Janine’s friend from the gym who knows a florist, to finally choose her wedding flowers. She had her list, bouquets for herself and her three bridesmaids, buttonholes for the groom, the best man, and the ushers. There is a noticeable absence of parents on both hers and John’s side, Mary had already decided to walk down the aisle on her own, but she wondered if a corsage for Mrs Hudson would be a nice touch, she was the closest John had to a mother after all.
Quick note: I AM working on a totally serious S4 rewrite where Mycroft is the one who aired the Moriarty footage and has to deal with the fallout (although I don’t see myself beginning to write it before May next year). This is just for Halloween.
“Fancy some chips, Sherly?” Moriarty said, and Sherlock could taste salt and vinegar on his bottom lip. “It’s about the only perk.”
Sherlock wanted to shoot something because, for the first time, he couldn’t keep up with what John was thinking. His head swam, and not just because of the throbbing. But all he could manage was a whimper. The pain was spreading, from his head to his neck joints and his back and now his ribs. It was as if something was trying to blow him up from the inside, just as Jim Moriarty’s presence was wreaking havoc on the contents of Sherlock’s kitchen.
Namely the fact that John had bothered to pour just one cup of tea for himself. None for Sherlock, or Mrs Hudson. But before Sherlock could dwell upon that thought further, a fresh bout of pain erupted near his medulla and Sherlock decided he’d be better off lying on the sofa like a useless person. The more the lawyer talked, the worse Sherlock’s headache got.
Spaulding’s phone gave a beep, and his eyes darted to it before returning to the purple bruise on Sherlock’s arm.
“Uh, Vince Spaulding, Esquire, at your service,” the lawyer peeked from behind Mrs Hudson, his eyes staring rabbit-wide at the headphones which now lay in its final place of repose, “Reverend Munroe sent me. Rest assured, folks,” he tipped an invisible hat at Mrs H and John, “You are now in good hands!”
But before Sherlock could process the situation in the context of their presumably ecclesiastical visitor, the lawyer in question—a cleanshaven fiftysomething dressed in a bespoke suit smelling of courthouse coffee—had scaled the steps up to 221B and approached their flat without being invited in. Mrs Hudson gave a startled jump at the presence behind her, and Jim chose that moment to flicked the headphones off the bovine skull on the living room wall. The headphones clattered onto a dusty pile of books, causing something resembling a hyper-localised sandstorm in the general area of the living room table.
Sherlock let out another involuntary cry. The lawyer’s voice was grating, like nails on a chalkboard. John raised his voice, growling a warning, “Mr Spaulding...”
a drama queen! Have you looked at yourself, Sherlock?” In an instant, the smile disappeared and rage replaced the forced humour. “When was the last time you even showered?!“
“No matter, dear. Just come down when you’re done, and stop thinking about Mary. It’ll do you no good mentioning all that awful business in front of poor John.”
Sherlock scoffed. This was precisely the reason why he never found any merit in the idea of talking things out with John but, no matter how tempting, he knew better than to blurt that out. They had just re-established their fragile camaraderie and Sherlock absolutely could not afford to go back to the way things were.
“If your time really is that valuable, then maybe you should’ve made an appointment,” Sherlock seethed through clenched teeth, glancing at the red balloon once again. Why would John put up a balloon in front of a client? And where was he?
He frowned, and the mirror frowned back, the writing rendering his reflection much more ominous. Was this ketchup? Or blood? A sniff and a—he was about to lick it when he remembered one of the blood samples in the fridge contained a culture of a rare pathogen on which he had hoped to get John’s input.
Sherlock tried to pull himself up and was forced back into a prostrate position by two gentle but forceful hands, pinning him back into his bed. Sherlock’s muscles tensed automatically. The last time something gripped Sherlock like this, he had been lashed, abused and whipped into submission in Drvengrad, his head repeatedly plunged into buckets of cold, murky water while his captors tried to force information out of him. Those memories rose and burned in  his gut like acid reflux, and Sherlock nearly let out a choked cry before he realised he was okay. He was home. He was
Mrs Hudson whimpered. “Oh, Sherlock!” And clung to him as if he could vanish into thin air any moment. He gently tried to nudge himself out of her grip, attempting a reassuring smile.
“You know...” Mary smirked at Moriarty. “I really thought you’d be the scary, psychotic one in his head.”
Sherlock tried to tear the tubes off of him with his free hand, tried to stop his hands from trembling, tried to push past the horde towards any exit, but there were none. The faceless people had cordoned everything off. Everything but the windows—
Jim seemed to realise it too, and out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw Jim vanish into thin air. That was never a good sign.
“Wow,” John’s voice was eerily calm, “So, we could just keep you on retainer forever, have you kip down to Hell once a month with a fancy notice? That would keep him at bay forever, right—?”
But the words died in his mouth when he looked up and saw that she had taken advantage of the distraction of the falling glass to swipe the papers out of a stunned Spaulding’s hands. Sherlock let out a defeated sigh as Mrs Hudson flipped through the pages of the contract. That woman would be the death of him someday.
Sherlock couldn’t help but emit a pained grunt in response, and all amusement drained away from John who hung on to Sherlock’s shirt sleeve as if he were in the danger of disappearing.
“Don’t worry, though,” Spaulding added hastily, “once I’m done with Mrs Hudson’s will, my first stop will be Reverend Munroe's parish—”
His gaze went to the kitchen knife on a cutting board, and he found himself wondering something that he often wondered about a lot of people: would Mrs Hudson ever murder him out of spite? Probably not, especially if her back was acting up that day.
“You rest here, dear,” Mrs Hudson patted Sherlock’s knee over the bedsheet, “I’ll make you a cuppa. Mr Spaulding told me to call him once you were up.”
“Oh, bravo!” Sherlock turned to Mrs Hudson angrily, caught in a tug-of-war between ranting to John and snapping at Mrs Hudson, “Gold star to you! Maybe next time, you should accompany me to the crime scene instead of John, since you’re so adept at taking initiative!”
“And, you are Mr Sherlock Holmes,” Spaulding overrode John’s painstaking introduction, almost leaping forward to grab Sherlock’s hand into a vigorous shake, “I’ve always wanted to meet you in person, Mr Holmes. I’ve advised some of your former clients back when I was still a moon-eyed believer in the power of law.”
“The thing is, your guy, Jim Moriarty... He isn’t in my records. He is documented to have entered Hell on 16th of June, 2012. After that, timeline’s a bit dicey since the merry folks down there don’t have a concept of time per se. Anyway, since you’re under attack from this undocumented demon, well... it’s a bit of a good-news/bad-news situation.”
Jim’s fingers pressed deeper into Sherlock’s eyes, and Sherlock bit down on his inner cheek to stop himself from screaming. The light amusement in Moriarty’s voice evaporated at once, replaced by the deep, dark rage Sherlock had once glimpsed underneath the sing-song voice.
“Sure, people light themselves on fire all the time,” John growled, and Sherlock distantly thought John sounded a little too defensive. The lights in the kitchen began to flicker, causing Spaulding to backtrack to his original point.
young man, not there!” Mrs Hudson protested, catapulting scowls at Sherlock and at the sofa John was sitting in, “You said you’ve been having these symptoms for weeks and haven’t done anything about it! Since I know you won’t do anything about it—and there’s nobody else here who’d seek some sort of remedy other than scoffing at things that are very much real—I took the initiative
Sherlock whipped his head in the direction of that infernal song. It seemed to come from the sofa, along with cheers and the pealing of church bells. Mrs Hudson was gone, and it was John standing on the sofa. John in his shiny morning suit and a faceless Mary in her lily-white bridal gown across from him, and Sherlock found himself on the floor, kneeling and crawling, the way Sherlock had felt on the inside when the vicar had pronounced them husband and wife. It was still 221B, an infant, harmless morning; yet Sherlock now longed for the black, the waterboarding, the drowning.
At ‘loved ones,’ Sherlock felt something shrivel up inside him and curl, like a tissue catching fire.
“Not ‘pretend’ anymore.” The cold barrel of a gun kissed Sherlock’s temple, making him stiffen at once. His eyes darted sideways to the black trousers and the heavy boots (Boots? Why boots?) and the telltale bark of a seasoned Detective Inspector.
"I've even got a possession termination contract ready for you!" Jim chucked a roll of parchment towards Sherlock; it went straight through him into the commode, "I will stop telling you to kill yourself if you just sign this and sell me your soul. It’s that easy!"
Sherlock dropped those thoughts, trying to focus on his current problem. He grabbed his phone and fired off a text to Vince Spaulding.
The offended voice seemed to come from everywhere, like a 7.1 Dolby surround-sound system. But with the audio quality of a broken AM radio from 1920, replete with bursts of buzzing static. And capable of gleaning Sherlock’s thoughts.
“Oh that,” Mrs Hudson let out a sigh of relief as if she had expected John to say something far worse. “Wait, I thought you were taking a bath earlier, weren’t you?” She sniffed the air. “Well, clearly not.”
And faceless people everywhere Sherlock could see, glaring lights reflecting off their gleaming, blank foreheads. No eyes, no noses, no mouths, only the lion tattoo of his Serbian captor on all of their forearms. Sherlock leapt backwards, pointing the gun at them, from one face to another, trying to control his shallow breathing, but they all turned wherever he went in search of an escape as if they could smell his fear.
A text chimed in his pocket and Sherlock, out of breath from the sudden exertion, wiped his mirror clean and retrieved his phone to check it.
“Wow, they sent an ambulance chaser,” Jim was aiming for levity but Sherlock could feel he had gone serious, “Looks a little too Paul Newman in
“I... dozed off.” Sherlock sat up against the backrest, rubbing his eyes. “The lawyer’s cease-and-desist, or whatever stupid lawyer trickery he might have crafted to keep away ‘paranormal entities’, didn’t work.”
Thankfully, Jim never tried the same with John. Sherlock wasn’t sure why, but he knew in his bones Jim had something more sinister planned for John and Rosie, and that Jim was simply toying with Mrs Hudson to amp up Sherlock’s paranoia about what would finally happen when John would finally become aware of Jim’s presence.
“This is the unfinished draft of the possession termination contract. It contains the stipulations and the conditions upon which the demon, James Moriarty, will either give up or take full control of the body and soul of the human, Sherlock Holmes.”
Spaulding came across sounding curter than chatty over text. Sherlock wondered whether he should pay the lawyer extra to text in full sentences and not include pointless abbreviations.
2) When someone grinned at Sherlock, all he saw was a chimpanzee begging for its life — this is taken almost verbatim from Dwight Schrute's line in The Office (US) S02E21 Conflict Resolution
Mrs Hudson disappeared down the creaky stairs, with her customary exclamations of “that hurts” and “oh, my knees”. Finally rid of her, even if for a short amount of time, Sherlock finally seized the opportunity to turn on to John.
“You might think you’re a marvellous detective, Sherlock Holmes, but you are simply atrocious at this! Don’t you see that you need John, and John needs you? He’s been trying, and here I thought…”
"Demonic possession has rules, genius," Jim finally drawled, but this time, he did not materialise in front of Sherlock. "Stupid, archaic laws and a mind-numbingly-long timeline to stick to. You can't just go around blowing up people! Had I known hell would mean more rules and contracts and demon laws, I'd have donated to a charity or something. That way they’d at least let me in heaven."
It should’ve bothered him that he seemed to be able to walk right through Jim, but he had far too many important things on his mind than a demonic apparition that didn’t seem to know what it was doing.
And suddenly, everything fell in place. Every incongruence he had been witnessing, every inconsistency, every unexplainable detail that had felt so real.
She switched off the kettle and added the leaves, her eyes periodically darting between the kettle and Sherlock. “You need medical attention, Sherlock. You need John. Even the lawyer says so. You needed him even before all the horrifying demons and…”
“Sherlock, look at me,” Mary sang, snapping her fingers at him. “Don’t tell John, don’t tell anyone. If you do, I will kill you. Besides, who’d believe a freak like you over a beautiful, charming, dead bride like me anyway?”
As Mrs Hudson marched out of Sherlock’s bedroom, Sherlock turned to John again. He looked aged, for lack of a better word. Since the day before, when John—for the first time since Sherlock had returned from his exile—confided in Sherlock about what kept him up at 2 in the morning, about what he thought when he looked at Rosie’s face, or the lack of closure Mary’s death had brought upon him, John’s face appeared to have aged almost a decade. Or maybe it was just the play of shadows upon the network of grooves and wrinkles on his face that contributed to that effect.
“Awfully quiet child you’ve got,” Spaulding mused with a curious expression. “Anyway, if you’re worried about her,” Spaulding tossed the notepad and grabbed another checklist, ticking things off of it, “it’s not like a demon can take another host mid-possession. If Moriarty’s been assigned to possess you, rest assured that you’re the only person he can affect directly. Dr Watson and his daughter automatically become off-limits. Sure they can still feel the presence of an entity, but they won’t be subjected to the same harassment that you’re facing.”
“Can you give me an idea of when the occurrences began? Once you give me a clear picture, I can tell you if it is what you think it is.”
Sherlock took one sip of the tea and winced. There was ginger in it. Which was nice, but only when one was expecting it. His eyes tracked Mrs Hudson as she resumed her post on the chair near Sherlock’s bed, before absentmindedly sipping from the second cup of tea.
“Are you okay, dear?” Mrs Hudson frowned as Sherlock yielded to John’s expert hands, “You’re... moving weirdly.”
Mary stopped wriggling her finger around, and Magnussen appeared beside her in an instant. “Even if he asks?”
My two lovely, amazing friends simplyclockwork and HOverseas have betaed this chapter, and I am so thankful to them for taking their time out of their busy schedules and projects to help me out.
“You’re making it worse for him! Get out of my house!” Mrs Hudson growled at Spaulding too, and it was the angriest Sherlock had ever seen her.
“Multitasking is heavily frowned upon in Hell, that’s why. I know you like to think of Hell as some backward, lawless, uncivilised sort of eternal damnation place, but believe me, they are quite liberal. They want all their demons to have fun, you know. Equal opportunity employers and all that, yada-yada. So, you can tell Dr Watson that his daughter is perfectly safe here.”
Skull was predictable. Skull didn’t talk back, making him the ideal companion, an anchor to Sherlock, who was more of a well-lacquered Kawasaki Jet Ski. Skull was like John. Except John was alive. And funny. And Sherlock had never wanted to kiss Skull.
flat,” she reminded him tartly, her expression souring. “Pour your own tea. And take a shower, dear. Don’t you want to look nice in front of John?”
“I...” John dipped his head, drawing closer to Sherlock who caught a faint whiff of him. John smelled like the fresh sheets in his bedroom, like he had always belonged here but now was finally here. “I can’t... I can’t lose you again, Sherlock. I can’t lose you to Moriarty again. I just... I just want to... just want to be myself... with you. Not say stuff via... via double negatives or long monologues with complicated words or whatever.”
“J-John?” Sherlock spluttered, frowning at the absurdity. The spider, the web, it evoked dark memories for Sherlock, and he tried not to dwell too much on it, even though it was almost impossible not to do so.
“Isn’t it obvious already?” He cleaned his fingers with a ‘pop’, giving it one last feline lick. Sherlock’s gaze darted to Jim’s other hand; his fingers were clutching a parchment of some sort.
“It’s... happening all over again,” she said, her voice breaking. “Moriarty is… I’m… trying… trying to fix things… for the two of you, but you just… don’t take anything seriously…”
“When you fainted, did you feel a chilling sensation? Like a wave of cold that knocked out all sound?”
“Oh so, what?” Sherlock heard his own disembodied voice echoing around Seb’s office. “You... you set up a pretend drugs bust to bully me?”
An elbow to his side made Sherlock double over in pain. Something—a sharp, cracking whip—struck his wrists, and Sherlock let out a loud cry. One of those people had a face, a woman. The Woman, in his coat, her eyes vicious, and the riding crop held in her grip.
The panicked shout tore Sherlock out of sleep with all the subtlety of a bullet in the chest. Parts of his bedroom swam into focus: the dim light of the bedside lamp, his dresser, the blue screen of a phone being waved in his face. John’s voice was gone, replaced by a feminine and frail one, underlined with the strength and steadfast determination of a long-suffering landlady. Sherlock’s heart was racing, his breathing ragged and shallow, but at least there was no one standing on his chest and no long-nailed fingers clawing at his wounds. And he could breathe again. Oh God, he could breathe...
Sherlock opened the fridge. It didn’t contain body parts anymore. Just food, perishables, items that belonged in a normal fridge. The last item that could’ve irritated John were the packets of infected blood, which had to be thrown away because Moriarty kept emptying them in his futile attempts to frighten Sherlock.
If Mrs Hudson thought her kitchen was a good place for secret conversations, she was sorely mistaken. But, to her credit, she grabbed a couple of unknown vegetables that Sherlock knew he’d hate, stuffed them into the blender and turned it on, and the deafening sound it made was better at soundproofing than the Clarence House cannibal’s basement.
Sherlock frowned, casting a sidelong glance in Mrs Hudson’s direction. Thankfully, she did not appear to have heard that cheeky comment, otherwise, with her temper flaring, she was perfectly capable of tearing John a new one.
“Oh, Sherlock, goodness!” She let out a yawn, cranking an eye open. “Will you look at the time? I’ve been out like a light!”
Spaulding smiled graciously and started down the steps before he turned around, mouthed ‘invoice’ at Sherlock and left quickly. Sherlock shot Mrs Hudson a sharp look, thrusting the glass in her hands.
Sherlock gritted his teeth at the constant bi-directional harassment, stomping over to John to indicate his displeasure.
For the last two years, sleep had avoided him like a spouse in a thirty-year-old loveless marriage: unacknowledging, unsatisfying, and always ready to strike with the same snide remark of
“Yes.” Spaulding’s cold glare drilled into Sherlock. “And as much as I’d love to waste the rest arguing with you while I make three hundred quid an hour in consultation, maybe we finish this up without incident so I can get on with drafting the possession termination contract?”
John’s smile was polite as he went along with Mrs Hudson’s pretension of normalcy. The fact that Mrs Hudson, of all people, was pretending like nothing was wrong was dubious at best. If anything, she was the kind of woman who beat up normalcy like a piñata and then laughed as everybody else watched in horror.
Spaulding gaped at Sherlock as if he had asked the stupidest question ever, and Sherlock tried to hide his face. Not because he was embarrassed. But because no one had given Sherlock that irreverent look and escaped John’s wrath unscathed.
Sherlock looked up at her in wonder. No one had ever said that to him. Need a night off, must take a night off, sure.
because John was all about voice modulation and dry humour and this measured, muted John felt a hundred times worse than a pestering demon Jim Moriarty.
But Mrs Hudson wasn’t having any of it, for she glared daggers at Sherlock. “You keep your mouth shut, dear! John,” she turned to him, “the last time you cut me out of your life, you grew an ugly moustache!”
That John’s “move-in” coincided with the day Jim’s possession began with that ‘hi’ written in the mirror with blood. That whenever Sherlock called John, he always heard John’s voice answer him back, felt his presence, but never actually saw John.
“I agree,” Sherlock said with as much earnestness as he could manage. “There is nothing similar about the situation now.” He thought about the forty-eight-earth-hour window the lawyer had given him, and the absurd unknowable that lay beyond it. He thought about John’s missing things, and John wanting to open up to him in the dark, minutes before the cease-and-desist came into force and minutes before he left for his old place. “But this time I promise, John, I will not leave you in the dark.”
“Well, isn’t this nice? All three of us, just like old times.” Mrs Hudson gave John a mock-pleasant smile, looking around uncomfortably with the air of a psychic who had just been proven a fraud by her own co-conspirator. “Remember, John? Don’t go, please! Here, I’ve got something sweet. I know you don’t take sugar, but I made something yesterday with vanilla and honey and I want you to take some home for Rosie.”
“Talk whatever you were talking before. And nobody,” Sherlock managed a white-hot glare at John and Mrs Hudson, “nobody interrupt him. I can’t tolerate more than one human voice at the moment. Now, answer the question.”
“Oh-ho, good boy!” Jim gave him an appraising look, “You’ve embraced the possibility much quicker than I imagined.”
It was hard not to notice how Mrs Hudson took two steps away from him at the mention of paranormal entities. It would’ve been comical in any other situation. “Oh, okay, dear,” she said in a strained voice. “Should I tell John that you’re not feeling well...?”
“Drop it!” She grabbed Sherlock’s wrists in one lightning-fast move and slapped him hard across the face, making him stumble. Sherlock’s vision began to go fuzzy; he tried squeezing the trigger but to no avail. He was beginning to lose control of his limbs once again...
Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw John shake his head as he approached with the tea. Sherlock’s skull was still throbbing painfully, so much so that John’s approach seemed like a slow-motion vertigo zoom, making the kitchen background warp around John, distorting Sherlock’s sense of perspective and stabbing at the back of his eyes. The unease prickled under his skin, making Sherlock want to crawl out of his own body to correct the inconsistencies he was seeing.
Safe to say, Sherlock did not have a lot of faith in Spaulding’s weird words. Although everything the man had said had come true, and he seemed as legitimate as someone could under the circumstances, his attitude made him seem untrustworthy. Sherlock viewed everything through the lens of crime-solving, and he knew very well that money (along with other baser emotions such as love, jealousy and vengeance) was a prime motivator in crimes and betrayals. And he knew John and Mrs Hudson wholeheartedly agreed with him on that point.
“John’s question. Why not keep you on retainer forever, sending letters once a month? Why bother to... do anything else or whatever?”
Without bothering to reply, Sherlock pocketed the phone and frowned at his greasy reflection. There was still a speck of blood on the mirror, right between his eyes. Sherlock could have sworn he had wiped it clean, but he didn’t dwell on it too much. Not when only a teensy dab by a wet flannel could remove the sordid evidence.
This John was a spectre from the past that had travelled the barriers of time and ended up in 221B, reversing every little decision and every wonderful assurance he had given to Sherlock. Maybe this John wasn’t real. Maybe Mrs Hudson wasn’t real. Maybe Sherlock was eating savoury grass, not pie. And what even
"How can the greatest criminal mind ever not come up with better ideas?" Sherlock roared before Jim could mutter 'kill yourself' one more time.
“Now, go and take a shower, dear. You stink,” Mrs Hudson cast a judgmental look over Sherlock, and he opened his mouth in protest, but the stench of days-old sweat reached him, and he closed his mouth again. “I’m going downstairs, since your kitchen is unusable as always, and it’s been so long since I’ve made John his favourite dinner—”
“I strongly disagree, Mr Holmes,” Spaulding said with a frown. “We need a medical professional with you 24/7. All my previously successful clients survived possession because they had a team of doctors looking after their symptoms. If you want, I can provide you with testimonials, but anyway... Being overpowered by the demon before both parties even reach a mutually acceptable contract is a genuine possibility… To put the matter in your terms, think about getting roughed up by goons just before you were about to settle out of court, but now you’re ready to settle for far less because you’re afraid for your life.”
Spaulding fell silent as if contemplating which scenario was worse. But when, even minutes later, he came up with nothing, Sherlock proceeded to present his ideas and... nothing. There was nothing he could think of. Even though there were fields of study he knew nothing of, like astronomy or coordinate geometry, never before had he struggled to come up with a starting point.
But, for the first time, Sherlock did not mind the rapid, mind-numbing monologue from Moriarty or the putrid smell of flesh that emanated from the kitchen. John made some vague comments about it, often just as Sherlock could discern the odour, but never went beyond explicitly questioning what the source was. Perhaps he just assumed that Sherlock had a severed head or an assortment of toes tucked away somewhere in the flat. Of course, Sherlock knew that rotten smell was actually a consequence of Jim’s growing demonic presence.
“That, combined with the letter of engagement, ensures two things: first, that we have client-lawyer privilege, which means whatever you and I discuss regarding Jim Moriarty cannot reach Jim Moriarty. At least, that’s how client-lawyer privilege works in the supernatural domain.”
Spaulding did not appear impressed by Sherlock’s attempts to make light of the situation. “Getting rid of the demon is my goal too. If you’d like, I can arrange for a medical team to keep watch over you. Shouldn’t cost you much. Just an additional hundred quid an hour for each doctor with three doctors working in shifts. Of course, I’ll charge my commission on that.”
“I will be sending you a signed letter of engagement, a copy of the cease-and-desist, and the invoice on your email address shortly. This cease-and-desist order is valid for forty-eight earth hours starting now, following which human-demon communication channels will be reopened in full. My legal advice would be to begin drawing up possession termination contracts against the demon before the forty-eight-hour period lapses. It will give us a headstart and some negotiating ground regarding the terms of the contract.”
“If you have to know,” John continued in that same low, threatening growl, “I only came tonight because I was worried.”
“—rendering you psychologically acquiescent and We. Don’t. Want. That. So, bottom line, medical supervision is a must, and do NOT take any psychoactive drugs or painkillers in case you think you’re safe because of the cease-and-desist. You’re NOT! The cease-and-desist is a temporary measure meant to buy us more time, and when it expires, any drugs in your system will leave your mind vulnerable. Fight through the pain, if any. Not even sleeping pills, just to be safe, alright? Nothing that alters the mind. This is a battle for your soul now. Got it?”
whenever he was about to pop out of the flat. The flashbacks to Drvengrad and the phantom grunts of his Serbian caretakers didn’t help either. Rosie’s untimely cries—as much as he didn’t want to admit it to himself, or John—made it worse.
Sherlock knew that intense look: the pulsing jaw, the reddening face, the threatening smile. It was the same look John had given Mary when he’d found about her past, and that look immediately put Sherlock on DEFCON ONE. “I-I know you have… concerns about whatever has been happening for the past week, but—”
Someone had written to him in blood. On his bathroom mirror. And the message was ‘hi’. A horrendously pathetic greeting that resembled a two-year-old’s first attempt at writing.
There, floating at seated head height in John’s chair, was a red balloon with a face drawn on it, held in place by a piece of string wrapped around a book. He peered at what seemed like a little black dot hanging from it. Upon closer inspection, it turned out to be a small spider weaving its little web around the string.
“Here you are, Sherlock. A nice cuppa,” Mrs Hudson strode in, carrying two steaming cups of tea. Sherlock wanted to point out that John usually liked his tea in his mug, but stopped himself before he could say that out loud. Mrs Hudson was the source of food in the house, and one mustn’t make holes in the plate one eats from.
“No, Mrs Hudson. Just lemon and honey, as usual!” John let go of Sherlock’s hand with a groan, scrambling to his feet, “Actually, you know what? I’ll just go tell her. Her hearing’s gone bad these days. Gotta check up on Rosie too… You’ll be okay for a while, yeah?”
He scowled at his phone screen, feeling his eyes sting at the onslaught of blue light. There were several missed calls and messages. Some from Mycroft, as usual. Some from the lawyer. And a few texts from John while he was passed out.
And then disbelief followed, in waves and waves like tsunami, pulling Sherlock under. It was not a sudden flood that hit him, knocking him out. In many ways, Sherlock wished it had been, but instead, it had been a slow, creeping realisation that John wasn’t… that John had never moved in after Mary’s death. The realization was akin to watching the wave approach slowly, inch by inch, minute by minute while Sherlock remained rooted to the spot, alone and terrified, watching death itself creep towards him with agonizing leisure.
“If you must resort to reconnaissance, might I suggest using Rosie’s baby monitor next time? It’s a much more elegant way of spying on your tenants,” Sherlock said dryly. “Easier on the knees, too.”
Then the facts were muffled, and all thoughts erased by the sheer betrayal by his own senses, by his own muted mind, by the horrible, horrible injustice of it all.
The text bubble reappeared, indicating Spaulding was typing. Then it disappeared. And reappeared. And it went on like that for another five minutes. Sherlock gripped the phone tighter. What was taking the man so long? Had he hit himself in the head? Was he being held at gunpoint?
As soon as he said that, the intense pressure disappeared from Sherlock’s eyes, from his limbs. No one was holding him down, but Sherlock didn’t dare move, didn’t dare to open his eyes. He held his breath and his mouth, knowing this was one of those situations where his glib tongue could not save him.
Moriarty’s cold whisper sang in Sherlock’s head, and a shudder ran down Sherlock’s spine. He had almost forgotten that he was a playground to an antsy demon who wanted his soul—or something like that.
Sherlock closed his eyes, drowsiness sweeping over him as Mary ran her fingers in circles in his scalp. Her other hand ventured southward, from his clavicle to his chest to the bullet hole she’d put there. She began encircling the wound and, without warning, dug her index finger into it, jolting Sherlock back to painful consciousness once again. This time, Sherlock did not have enough strength to keep in his screams, but Mary clapped one palm over his mouth, pressing down as if determined to snuff the life out of him.
"Just kill yourself," Jim sang, sending a glass of water crashing onto the floor, "It's a lot less effort."
“W-what?” Sherlock tried to sit up. His phone pinged loudly on the bedside cabinet, breaking him out of his drowsiness. “Why are you—?”
So, Sherlock lay awake in his bed, staring at the ceiling, thinking that above him lay John and his daughter in the crib next to him. Sherlock had offered John and Rosie his room when they had moved back in: he didn’t sleep during the night anymore, but he’d feel more at peace if John did. But John, feeling himself a burden, had refused before Sherlock could even finish his sentence. And Sherlock had tried not to dwell on the fact that he’d had to use Mrs Hudson as bait for Rosie’s childcaring needs to bribe John into moving back into 221B.
Things kept falling around Sherlock all the time, and not giving Jim the attention he craved only made him all the more desperate. Jim grew bolder by the hour and often resorted to making his presence known to Mrs Hudson and John. While they couldn't see Jim, Mrs Hudson often declared aloud how she felt sudden chills as Jim teasingly blew on her neck to attract Sherlock's attention. This was usually followed by Mrs Hudson remarking, "Did you break the thermostat again?" and Sherlock changing the settings clandestinely so that if she ever checked on the machine, she'd find something to blame and feel nothing was amiss.
There wasn’t enough oxygen in the room and a terrible weight pinned Sherlock down on John’s lap. He couldn’t see it, but that didn’t stop it from pinning his waist down into the sofa and choking the air out of his lungs. Sherlock tried to breathe, but two invisible hands seized him by the throat, cutting off his air supply slowly, so slowly until the world began to blacken and Sherlock simply let go, stopped hanging on...
At that thought, Skull gave a feeble roll on the floor. It wasn’t much; just it had fallen face-up as dictated by the laws of physics. Decades ago, when the internet used to be restricted to military applications, Sherlock had done a rigorous, week-long study which showed the centre of gravity for the average human skull lay at the intersection of the cheekbone and nasal bone planes. Then, Tim Berners-Lee came around, and Sherlock had found himself regretting wasting a full week for something he could find out within ten seconds.
Sherlock shook a weary refusal to John and leaned forward to retrieve his phone. It was a call from the lawyer. John, meanwhile, called out to Mrs Hudson loudly.
Sherlock tried not to notice that she was massaging her wrist surreptitiously. “Why did John call? Where is he?”
“Will you listen to what I’m telling you?” She looked like she was about to give him a dressing-down, but her expression changed to one of disgust. “My goodness, you reek! Have you not showered? I told you to shower yesterday.
Spaulding sighed. “My guess is this Moriarty fella knew Mr Holmes wouldn’t pay attention unless he revealed his identity, but was so desperate to communicate that he went against the cardinal rule of possession.”
“That it does, love.” Mrs Hudson stared at him. “And if you ever lie to me again, I’ll stop bringing you those ginger nuts you like so much.”
But words turned to ash when Sherlock opened his mouth to say that. Pain shot out in his left wrist. Pain that burned like a white-hot knife had been pressed to his flesh. Right in front of John’s eyes, a bruise the size and shape of Jim’s hand appeared on Sherlock’s wrist, branding his white-as-a-sheet skin a vicious purple. John nearly leapt back in reflex, his eyes bulging and mouth ajar with horror.
When Mrs Hudson finally turned up, she took in the mess Sherlock had created in the kitchen and heaved a sigh of exasperation. She whipped her head in the direction of the bathroom as if sensing his gaze, and Sherlock ducked inside at once, turning the shower on so she couldn’t berate him.
“What is this?” she demanded, scowling at the lawyer and then at the pages. “What the bloody hell is written here? Is this...” she squinted harder at the shapes, “a language?”
“Six syllables,” Sherlock wheezed, but the lawyer pretended he didn’t hear him. Sherlock did not like it. For some reason, it took a lot of energy for Sherlock to correct the man, but mortal peril didn’t justify leaving mistakes uncorrected.
But once she was gone, the flat fell into a dull silence. Even with the background noise of the city, the flat was deathly quiet. No sounds of Rosie’s crying, no John puttering about mixing baby formula or making sardonic comments about something he’d read in the paper. No Moriarty in his head. No crass comments about holes in bodies or losing consciousness without warning. Just… silence. Calm. Peaceful.
He hoped for air, but fire was all that came. Wet, icy fire that stabbed at his windpipe, burned in his lungs.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open. With a brief burst of static, Moriarty’s voice disappeared into the void of his head, and warm relief flooded through Sherlock. It felt like years had gone by since his mind was his own and he wasn't carrying the burden of two entities on his shoulder. But before he could savour the lightheadedness, Sherlock’s phone began to ring shrilly, shaking the bedside lamp with its violent vibrations.
“Yeah?” John’s smile was sharp as a blade now. “Let me show you the hundreds of texts I’ve sent him.”
Sherlock heard John answer him in a vague ‘Yeah?’ from upstairs. Sherlock’s eyes flickered towards the bathroom mirror, where he saw his broody reflection distorted by a monosyllabic word written across the mirror with something thick and crimson.
“Move.” Mrs Hudson took over the tea-making. “Mr Spaulding believes John is keeping you under observation. That’s a lie.”
It took Sherlock roughly two more painkillers to help him even keep his head upright. Spaulding, meanwhile, seized the opportunity to write up a letter of engagement, promising that even if handwritten, it still counted as the real deal. John, who had been expecting something of a more ritualistic nature, excused himself to making tea as he mulled over the new information the lawyer had provided him. Sherlock could hear his frustration in the sharp way he slammed cups and saucers onto the counter. The kettle screeched as if in protest of the mistreatment of its fellow crockery, but John paid it no mind.
