The only reason he wasn’t dead was because of his roommate staying up with him into the night to make sure he didn’t choke on his own vomit. Rhodey was good like that.
Tony’s face went very, very hot.
He’s thinking of Steve
Steve couldn’t take that chance. Refused to. No matter how much he wanted it.
Held his kid tight, and knew every sacrifice they’d ever made to get to this point was worth it. Because Peter was in his arms. Safe. Sound.
He’s seen his fair share of hopeless cases.
Rhodey found him. Still standing in the doorframe, one hand curled around his stomach (like he was trying to keep himself together) and his eyes wide, unseeing (like he was falling apart anyways.)
Natasha’s voice comes in and out of Tony’s attention like very, very annoying waves on a shore. Ugh, God. He’s got a headache.
“Look, Miss Potts,” he began, finally throwing the mask onto the desk. His hands were shaking. Fuck. He was trying to do the right thing. He’d done the wrong thing for as long as he could remember, and he had to make it right. He didn’t have a choice. “I just—“
But Tony understood.
“I lost the kid,” were the first words out of his mouth. As if they’d been sitting under his tongue all this time, waiting to be understood. Nebula tried, but she didn’t quite get it. “I couldn’t stop him, I…”
It was by chance that Jarvis saw him limping through the halls (he was supposed to have been gone hours ago, home with his wife and cat.) And Jarvis, because he loved him in all the ways his father didn’t, hadn’t been angry with Tony. He’d just picked up the crying little boy, hushed him gently, tucked him into bed so incredibly carefully and said, “I’ll be back in a moment’s time, Master Anthony.” He even shut the door soft when he left.
“I’ll um, I’ll stand,” Steve says, knowing if he sits that he’ll feel even more unsteady and unprepared. He tries to take a deep breath through his nose and out his mouth, but it doesn’t do much good. He’s not sure he wants to know, but he asks anyway, “What’s happened?”
Still can’t fucking breathe
So when they landed, and Nebula took him in hand to lead them out upon the grass (it felt like years since he’d seen anything but red dust), he assumed it was still a dream. Because Steve was there, running up towards him like he couldn’t stand the distance.
And Steve couldn’t give less of a fuck.
He didn’t sleep, but he dreamt. He dreamt with his eyes open. He probably should have seen Peter falling into ash, felt the phantom press of his desperate hands, but he didn’t much dream of him.
FRIDAY activated the “EDWIN JARVIS” protocol he’d made so long ago, when death was just a little daydream. But it was here now. Quiet.
And when Steve blinks in confusion, trying to straighten out his thoughts, Tony’s gone.
Tony didn’t look up from where he was making some much needed repairs to his mask. He didn’t want to see her face, read the premature grief there. See himself in what he thought was so beautiful. “Then go.”
And Pepper had smiled. Her eyes were red-rimmed, but loving when they looked right through him. Right at the new man he was when death came calling for him once again.
“It was a car crash,” the officers informed him after getting out the initial “Your parents are dead—sorry!” speech.
Steve barely gets to his feet, legs shaking with the weight of his body. With the weight of hope because
“Doesn’t make you any less of an asshole, J.”
Then he felt Steve touch him. Felt the same old flame of love and pain engulf him. Felt Steve hold him up by the waist and by his arm, keeping him secure. Safe.
“How do you feel, Steve?” Bruce asks, voice tentative and overly calming.
“We— we killed—“ Ass Clown chokes, unsevered hand clawing futilely at the metal fingers around his purpling neck. “We— killed Captain— America.”
He can’t
And of course, because today is a very, very bad day, it’s not a normal gun.
“No, you won,” Steve says, waving him off and going in search of his abandoned water bottle. “Fair and square— you kicked my ass into next Sunday.”
“My mom,” Tony blurted. He didn’t really feel like he was in control of his own mouth, but it moved anyway. “My— my parents. They, uh. They…” And for all his genius, he couldn’t get the words together in his head. It didn’t make sense. It didn’t click right. All he could get out was, “It was a car crash, Rhodey. And they… They didn’t—“
Steve turns to look at her, prepared to level her with the most angry glare he can muster. But he just feels his heart sink impossibly lower in his stomach. Her face; so usually perfectly expressionless and trained, betrays a fraction of the grief she’s often hiding (which is unprecedented for the assassin.) No one that didn’t know her would be able to tell, but Steve— who’s sketched her a million times over— can see the stress held in the near undetectable purse of her lips, a small crease in the space between her eyebrows.
Huh. Well he’ll be damned. Maybe they do give more than a shit about him.
And that’s alright. They didn’t ever end up needing it.
Some place where the bald man smiles, and says, “everyone thinks you’re dead Stark. And no one gives a shit.”
Tony shifts modes, smiling in earnest now even though he can feel his stitches strain at that. “Brucie Bear!”
He wraps a gentle hand around his neck, draws him in close. For all his intelligence, the genius is still incredibly slow to see what’s coming.
Steve hadn’t thought too much of what Tony was doing at the moment. He kept it as close to his chest as possible which felt normal under the circumstances. Stane seemed to get a little more impatient with every visit though, and Rumlow was on the phone regularly answering probably to Agent Garrett about what Tony was working on. Other than being on his computer and sometimes seeing him noting down stuff, there was nothing to tell. If he was building anything, he was doing it in his private lab at SI and there they were restricted to staying behind the closed door at all times.
The regret over his decision not to build the full armor was sharp and bitter. But so was his life.
Rumlow was at the wall, keeping an eye at the entrances, and Steve was close to Tony when Rumlow’s face cleared up as if pleased. Alarmed, Steve turned around only to see Pierce heading straight for Anthony. Steve’s heart was thundering in his chest. His only instinct was to get the kid away from that man. He made a step forward but remembered why he couldn’t do that.
Tony was close, then he was there, there—
“You just think about that, okay, son? Turning your life upside down? Refusing to design weapons —” he added as if as an afterthought, “— won’t change anything, and your father…” He paused as if getting his emotions under control. “Your father would’ve been proud if you continued his work.”
Rumlow was in a tux as required. Good. At least Tony had managed to ditch Lowell for this event. Even if he had to put up with Stevens on top of Rumlow, at least neither would try to hang off of his arm and he could concentrate on doing what he’d set out to do. The thought of buttering up a bunch of rowdy party-goers while sober was unappealing, though.
Tony could do all his work at SI but was consistently staying at his apartment during Lowell’s shifts. – No. She couldn’t do that. It was
“Let him come.” Stark's eyes were dark.
Ignoring Andrew’s snort, he put some lube on himself and pushed in.
Tony slowly blinked at him. Then his mouth twitched at the corners and obviously keeping his laughter back, he said, “I love the enthusiastic consent, but we’re talking wants and boundaries right now. Anything that is completely off limits? Anything you particularly like?”
Steve turned right at the next intersection and the other car went left. He did exhale, not because he expected any danger from a random white car in daylight Manhattan but because now they could stop talking about his stupid excuse.
Instead, he worked at making himself useful as a CEO (without openly stepping on Stane’s toes), developing computers so that they were a little better but not outrageously so, building defence equipment for the troops, and additionally, working on the tools he’d need to build nanotech gauntlets. Everything was going according to plan.
Where there was supposed to be underwear, the doll instead had a replica of what according to Stark was as close as one could get to ‘the real thing’. Some toy company had decided that making money off children wasn’t enough, and instead, they would produce what they called ‘collectibles’: Doll likelinesses of celebrities and the big draw was that instead of the typical, smooth groin usual toys had, these ones would also replicate their model’s genitalia. It was abominable.
Tony pressed on the handles too hard and let go with a clang. Suppressing a cringe, Tony slowed down and started the countdown from ten.
Instead, he stared at him, scrutinizing with narrow eyes. “Are you cold? Experiencing shivers or some such?”
Jerkily, Tony got up so that the chair wobbled behind him. He lowered his head and breathed through his nose. As precarious as his position was, Obie should not get to dictate his actions anymore, damnit.
“All clear, sir. You can go up now,” he said, calm as you please as if he fully expected Tony to be there.
Tony was twenty-one and Steve had always known he’d had a lot of sex in his teens and twenties… and thirties and well into his forties. But that Tony up there? With a thirty-year-old SHIELD agent? That wasn’t right. That wasn’t good for him.
And then it’s later, too late, and Steve’s face is determined, his muscles are straining under the stone boulder he’s supporting, the bright beam lights up the air.
Anthony’s chin jerked up as he glanced at Steve. Maybe it was still too early for that message anyway.
His heart was racing and he wasn’t sure if it was excitement or his body telling him it had reached its limits or something else entirely, but finally Tony’s hips stuttered, and Steve could imagine how his come was filling up the condom, pumping for longer than Steve thought was normal, but then everything else was also slow moving as if the viscosity of the air had suddenly increased.
“You haven’t eaten in at least six hours and unless Agent Lowell is incredibly unobservant, it’s actually closer to twelve.”
Why did Steve feel so empty then? He was a fool, wasn’t he? He was supposed to become Agent Stevens. Being his undercover identity all the time, or at least, as much as possible, was what made it easy to maintain. Natasha had drilled that into his head over and over again. And Agent Stevens didn’t have any relation to Anthony, but however strongly he denied it to himself, Steve Rogers had one to Tony Stark, so he either needed to stop thinking like Steve Rogers or… become friends with Anthony. As Andrew Stevens. That couldn’t be that hard. Steve and Tony had been friend...ly.
Steve rubbed a thumb over the nylon clad calve. “Sometimes you get so much more with just being able to accept things.”
“You need a security detail, Tony.”
“Guess, who will accompany the egg to the gala this weekend?” Rumlow sinsonged after him.
“There are things that don’t change.”
Anthony needed protein. He was training two to three times a week, a set time with a… basically an MMA trainer (just that they weren’t called that yet) and the other times he was working out at a high end gym three blocks away. He insisted on running there too.
Was he really waiting for some miserable bastard to attack him? Some kid that had no idea what he was getting into, probably? And then what? One hit, one grab or hold, all carefully, carefully executed. That was all that Steve could do without drawing attention that he really couldn’t afford.
Not fazed by the unusual request at all, Stevens glanced at the empty ring, then passingly at Tony as if he weren’t even an important variable in this equation. Did it really happen so often for him to be challenged to a fight by young twinks for no good reason? Tony was just about to say something nasty when Stevens nodded.
Tony aborted the motion and instead turned towards the room, walking further into the apartment.
Not with Tony. Not
Seconds passed while they looked at each other. Steve considered that smile and decided it was genuine. “You do look beautiful that way. No! You still can’t move your hands. Let me look at you.”
changed your mind?”
“No, sir. I didn’t realize Director Pierce was here, sir.”
“Good day, Tony. Thank you, and take care of yourself.”
Stark was dead set on going through with disentangling their universes without anyone else's input. And he had said that Tony didn’t know when to stop! But he was adamant, almost frantic. There was more in this than just getting his peace and quiet back, and Tony, by now, had an idea what it was.
In the end, his doppelgänger couldn’t keep himself from making another comment. “And you think it will still be that way after this? Do you think he will forgive you?”
WARNING for this chapter: angst, Tony being anxious and angry, and more sex. It’s still angry sex with muddled feeling, but this time you can see why Tony is the way he is. And I think it shouldn’t really trigger anyone if you read BDSM at all. If you have any concerns, stop reading when Tony tells Steve to strip and ask me on Tumblr or comments below. My tumblr should allow anonymous asks too. :) @serinah80
Maybe it’s a… No, what a stupid thought; Steve was dead. He had died by the time Tony had built the machine, he knew that. And his machine hadn’t had enough energy for inter-dimensional travel, so he was definitely in his own past, not some alternative universe.
Without picking up the chair, he went to the door. It wouldn’t open; a moment of panic in which he thought of ripping it off the hinges passed, and he remembered the lock.
"Something funny?" Tony said harshly. Stevens’s eyes snapped to Tony’s.
“Got more than one syllable for me?”
“Well, thank you for your concern anyway,” T— Anthony said airily, turning away. “For now I have enough lady at hand for my needs.”
The car kept going and Tony tried to raise his head to see what was happening, but Stevens’s large body was practically on top of him now.
It wasn’t Steve. Steve would never knowingly work for Hydra —
“You look like a puppy, Stevens.”
“Do you know how exciting it is when you beg me to fuck you several times a day?”
“Good boy." Tony nodded, and resumed undressing. "You are going to do as I say, yeah?” He stepped out of the jeans and put his hands on his hips, his thumbs pointing out the outline of his cock. It was clear even through the boxers how hard he was. “
The drive took exactly the time it was supposed to. No delay to the inevitable by traffic jams or divine intervention. They were let into the apartment by Obadiah Stane. Steve had never met the man himself, only seen photographs. He had an impressive presence but seemed hearty at the same time. He sure seemed to get along with Rumlow, which would have been the first warning sign if Steve had not already known him for the scumbag he was. Again, there was that familiar itch he had felt before he had dealt it to Daniels. The one he had successfully been repressing for so long now. But he couldn’t take out Stane. He couldn’t take out anyone. Tony would make his way just as he had the first time. Steve couldn’t save him from his future, only from the one that would destroy them all. Priorities.
“I’m sure there’s some common ground for all parties involved,” Stane said, strutting over to sit on the front edge of Anthony’s desk, looking down on him, and Steve, who was quietly standing just inside of the door, imagined pushing him off and kicking him in the gut.
Next, he built himself taser guns to hide under his sleeves. The actual repulsor gauntlets would take time, so that would have to wait. In his head, he started compiling lists of what he would need for building the deshifter to expose the Chitauri and also planning the necessary steps for launching a satellite with appropriate tech on board.
Steve wasn’t helping here, and he sure as hell wasn’t making any progress with infiltrating Hydra. He was becoming chummy with Rumlow, and if he asked for Steve to join him in some atrocity tomorrow, he might just need to do it. It was the only way to get where he needed to be. But if he did it, if he joined in with whatever heinous acts Rumlow and his Hydra pals were doing, he wouldn’t even deserve the chance of helping Tony.
“You are not going to move. Keep still for me and I might just let you come.” There was no movement, and Steve bit his lip to not moan out loud. Tony had still a little way to go before Steve would allow him to see how much he managed to arouse Steve. He pressed his finger down and rubbed over the raised plastic. The feel wasn’t the same, of course, but it was hard which was enough right now.
"I'm sorry, Director." Tony put on his miserable 'I want to be persuaded but I'm afraid' mask. "I understand your position, but ever since my parents…” He couldn’t make his facial muscles cooperate, so he just looked away and paused for a moment. “It’s just not been the same.” He halted and then, internally cringing, continued more quietly. “I don’t think I’m made of the same stuff as my father.”
“Don’t even think about moving.” The instruction came the same moment that Steve wondered if he should get up.
And there it was. In the pages upon pages of accessories for the growing range of celebrity dolls, Steve found a french maid uniform. It was perfect.
, his limbs were moving jerkily even if still coordinated and it made Tony taste power.
He stepped closer and put his arm around Tony’s shoulders, squeezing them, and Tony’s first impulse was to push him away, feeling even smaller in his embrace than the last time Stane had touched him like that. Although Tony would never be an especially big man, thus far, he hadn’t even filled out properly. So the other man simply felt a lot larger and more intimidating than he remembered. His heart rate doubled, and all he was suddenly able to do was keep breathing steadily.
“Tony?”
Again Steve’s world narrowed down to a single point: Tony, who was in the process of closing the door behind him, the door to a room Steve couldn’t tell how they had gotten to.
“And you think that is more important than the director?”
“Good morning,” Stevens said as he walked closer to where Tony's butt was glued to his swivel chair behind his computer.
and against all and every rule! They were supposed to suck up to
Andrew was lounging on the bed, arms splayed out on the back of the headboard, his legs crossed at the ankles and his erection still up and proud.
“Tsk. Spread your knees.” Steve did, so that Tony could stand between them. “A little bit more.”
“I love how you look locked up.”
Tony barely held in his eye-roll and tried to appear tense. “Security issue?”
“It was the brakes, you’ve seen the report, right?” Obadiah said more quietly, in a comforting manner. “And you did all you could to redesign them, didn’t you?”
“Go on then; take those off.” Tony motioned at Steve’s pants and underwear pooling around his ankles. Automatically, Steve did as he was told and he couldn’t keep up the distinction anymore. Anthony was Tony. Would be but also already was anyway.
Ste— Stevens. He meant Stevens. Andrew. Andrew knocked on the door and walked right in. Tony ignored him.
Tony blinked.
“Well, now you know,” Garett said in a patronising voice.
“Okay, soldier, you’re up,” he said casually, almost sneering, and squirted lube directly onto the hole. He started circling it with his thumb, and he wasn't doing it gently either. But gentleness apparently wasn’t needed because the man was already panting and, it seemed, was barely keeping himself from thrusting back.
It looked indecent. Heat was running through Steve’s core at the thought of what Tony would think of this. He deserved it, alright.
Rumlow said something sharp and Steve's look-a-like opened his mouth, closed it, and bowed his head in apparent deference.
There was no Steve. Not anymore. And the one that was resting in the Arctic was also the wrong Steve. One day, he would be out and about, a great man and the best hero, just not—
Tony pulled his hand away from Steve’s face. “Close it.” Tony’s voice was husky and the command less punctuated than before. Nonetheless, Steve did as he was told.
Once Madden left, Tony crowded Andrew to the wall, pushed his hands under the man’s jacket and kissed his neck.
Tony nodded against the man’s large chest, but unable to hug him back, he just stood there, his back ramrod straight and cold sweat on his skin.
“Can’t laze around in bed while on the clock, can I?”
Immediately, Steve nodded, then paused. Was he? The world was still swimming around him but Tony was here, taking care of him, so Steve added, “Yes.”
“Oh god, you are like a puppy that got whacked with the newspaper roll. Just because I don’t want you sitting in my lap while doing research, there is no reason for you to look like that.”
“And you like it too,” Tony continued in a tone that was a mix of mockery and admiration. “You were hard as nails before I even got my dick into you. After you had opened that stupid mouth of yours twice on the slightest implication that I might want to use it. I’m not even sure it would be fun to make you beg for it. You’re just too goddamn easy.”
“Well, he does have other things to do during my shift,” Lowell gave back, and Steve carefully put down the towel, very aware of the danger of ripping it to shreds. He still wasn’t a fan of what Lowell did with Anthony, but he had no reason and no right to put a stop to it. He had made his peace with that as well as he was able to, but the way Lowell talked about it was designed to piss Steve off.
“That makes you blush? You acted like a stupid giant ape out there. You should be embarrassed about that.”
Not Steve.
Smiling at the sun and his relative freedom, he spent the day wandering around the city, trying to reacquaint himself with all his favourite nooks and crannies in it. He had lunch in one of his favourite restaurants that would close in about ten years and stopped trying to suppress the silly grin that kept blossoming for no reason.
Maybe he would say that Doll-Tony knew to do what one told him (her? No, him. Definitely him). That Stark should take an example in him. Steve moved the doll’s arms up.
“Alright. Now what?" he said feebly, feeling irritated and exhilarated at the same time.
"You wanna fuck? That's what you'd been trying to do since you arrived here, isn't it?"
Andrew didn't, of course. Not before doing his rounds as if there was actually any danger aside from the Hydra agents assigned to him.
It kept happening; Tony looked at the food, the light-haired frowning eyebrows and just gave in.
Steve went to his shared room with Rumlow, but even after an hour, he was still turning from side to side so often that the cover was wrapped around him like cling film on a sandwich.
Now it was Tony’s turn to roll his eyes, and he didn’t bother to hide it. “Microfiche, not books. And the reader is in a different room anyway.”
Steve had to jog for a short distance to reach them.
“That is the last thing we need. Don’t think, don’t talk, and ideally don’t be seen.”
“No need to hurry, Stevens. I won’t reconsider,” Tony said, still undoing the button on his jeans, as Stevens — Andrew (Tony figured he should start using the man’s first name at some point) was already naked.
ironmongers, Tony. Your father was one and that is still what we do best! This is what we’re known for: we build weapons and we sell them. Communications are well and good, but you don’t win a war with a walkie-talkie, do you?”
“You’re sorry?” Tony sneered.
Pulling back the duvet, he did his best to ignore the small black form standing out starkly against the white of the second pillow. He laid down on his back off-center on the oversized bed and put his head to the side, looking at the doll. It couldn’t see him with its face smushed into the pillow. Not that it would be able to see at all.
What it did not help with was Hydra’s direct and untimely interference the next day.
“Don’t worry, I’ve got condoms.”
Back in bed, Steve was staring at the ceiling. He’d crossed about every line he had ever drawn for this mission. His last mission. There was no one he would need to look in the eye afterwards and say, “I did this, and I would do it again.” If he wanted this world to have a fighting chance, that was his job. And here he was. This was where it had led him. As if God were testing his resolve.
Nevertheless, the same evening, he quickly designed a part to his repulsor that looked vaguely similar to the detail of a missile casing, then an actual random missile detail that was fairly generic and would not help anyone build anything specifically-Stark, and left it lying on the workbench. He knew that his CFO always checked the schematics Tony left out in the open; sometimes surreptitiously and sometimes not. Maybe that would delay Obie’s verbal arm-twisting for a bit?
“The brat, sir?” Steve felt like his body was gone, like it weighed nothing. He carefully tensed the muscles in his fingers for a moment, not moving them at all, just to be sure they were still there.
Steve Rogers: hypocrite, pervert, professional dirtbag. Was he so lost, so
And again Steve did exactly as told. Tony’s thumb folded into his mouth and the haze in Steve’s mind didn’t clear, but the agony of it died down. He closed his lips around Tony’s digit but was instantly called back. “I didn’t tell you to suck it, did I? You will need to learn to listen.” Steve’s mouth fell open again and Tony, for the first time, actually smiled at him. It wasn’t a nice smile but it was still beautiful.
Mentally shaking himself, Tony raised his hand and with speed landed it on Andrew’s left butt cheek. Andrew jumped, but then his whole body relaxed in an implicit invitation, or as if just knowing what was happening was enough to make him more comfortable.
“I have one.”
“Tony,” Stane said, flashing him a perfunctory smile.
Feeling utterly defeated, getting to his workshop at the other side of Manhattan seemed like an insurmountable task, but when Tony thought of all the people in the future who were turned into mindless automatons and the last of the resistance he’d left behind, he managed to get to his feet. In the hall, he reached out to take the car keys, but a wave of nausea made him sway on his feet.
“Then put your mouth guard in!”
“No... sir.”
Something in Tony crumpled. He gasped and, holding onto the wall, stumbled to the ensuite bathroom. He locked himself in and slid down the door onto cold, hard tiles.
Where had it gone? It couldn’t be in the closet; he would remember having gone in there. He opened the drawer on his bedside table. There it was. He grabbed it and sat down heavily on the duvet.
“Fuck you!”
That night, Tony dreamed of that fucking disintegrator again. The only one that he had ever managed to get his hands on. Obsessively, he’d disassembled and assembled it that night after Steve had... He’d taken it apart and put it back together several times. Again, and again, and again. He’d wanted to see how it worked. To see how they could use it. Or that’s what he had told himself afterwards. He’d analyzed the parts and tested it as a whole on inanimate objects and organic matter, and took it apart again, just to make
If Steve was reading this right, Stane’s smarmy tone had a hint of a carefully hidden triumph, but looking at Anthony’s stubborn face, he wasn’t so sure that either of the men had won any ground here.
“Cool. I’m not sure if there’s any sense in asking you for hard limits a third time. Can you at least promise me to use a safeword if anything gets too much?”
“Yes, we wouldn’t want the Golden Egg to go bad, would we?” Tony asked but got up all the same.
For a change, Stark glared at the armor before him. Banner didn’t say anything either; he only sighed.
For a fraction of a second Stane looked taken aback, but he recovered quickly.
An image of ivory skin criss-crossed artfully by a wide multi-thread dark rope appeared before Tony's eyes. It was a stunningly beautiful picture up until a split second later when Tony realized that it was not Stevens whom he'd imagined at all. The ever-present ache in Tony’s chest twinged. The perfect likeness between the two men had to be imaginary though. Aside from the obvious body type, Tony didn't even know how Steve would look naked, not all the way. Besides, he didn't want there to be any likeness in the first place.
"Anything else I should know?" Andrew was just saying, his dull tone setting Tony's teeth on edge.
Tony shook himself out of his stupor and brought the sandwich to the counter. Sat down, took a bite. It tasted like cardboard, but he still chewed and swallowed. Steve —
Thank fuck that regular strength painkillers worked again, though.
He stormed out the door, and Steve felt some satisfaction from the sight. Tony didn’t need that jerk. Tony was going to leave them all in the dust in a few years’ time. The certainty raged like fire in Steve’s stomach.
“We’ve always had other business partners besides the military and you know that. Anything else would be too high a risk.”
“Oh, look. Take your fill.” If Steve’s finger had looked large juxtaposed to the doll, his dick was enormous. He gave it a firm stroke and allowed his breathing to become heavy. There was no chance of Tony bratting off so close to the finish line. “Yes, that is your doing.” Steve again placed a finger between the garter strips, this time his thumb.
“Get down!” Agent Stevens shoved Tony down between the seats, drawing his weapon out.
The jovial smile that appeared on his face was clearly directed at Steve, and with Garett’s sour demeanour, it would have been completely wasted on him anyway. It was wasted on Steve too, but Pierce didn’t need to know that. That they had been here before, thirty years from now. Only now Pierce wasn’t Secretary of Defense, and Steve wasn’t Captain America. And Steve couldn’t risk showing his disdain this time. Not when he knew what was at stake. Steve thought he should smile back, but settled for a head tilt instead.
It was five in the morning when he woke up in a cold sweat. He rubbed his eyes and got up. Bathroom. The power source container that was bashed in. Feeling nauseous, he stared at his reflection. The stuck trigger. He looked so young. So young and so… wrong. Wrong for all the terrible memories twirling in his head. The cracked lens, the dented barrel. He leaned over the sink to drink straight from the tap. His head still full of the disintegrator, he splashed cold water on his face. Thinking about any of it was useless.
Steve felt much better now that he had a plan. Maybe he could be a positive influence for the short time he was in Tony’s life, making this time a little bit easier on him when Steve knew how hard it had been on Tony, originally. Something twisted in his gut when he thought that maybe if the Steve who was still on ice and this Anthony got to meet one day, they might get off to a better start than Tony and Steve ever had because Anthony remembered a nice SHIELD agent that looked just a bit like Captain America. Someone who had been there... like a nice uncle maybe.
“I know about how you punched Daniels because of some bimbo. And Stark is said to have a mouth on him.”
“Screwing his brains out several times a day. Yeah.”
Tony turned back to his reading which definitely did not contain anything on jet engines. “Good for rescue missions that would otherwise be out of reach,” he muttered quietly.
Still lying on the weirdly comfortable bed, Tony drew in a slow breath and let it out. Steve was gone but the fight was still ongoing...
When Rumlow left, and Steve was positioned in front of Tony’s SI lab, he couldn’t stop fidgeting. The whole afternoon of doing nothing had put him on edge even worse than usual. Thinking only the major part of three seconds about it, he carefully knocked on the door, and pulled on the handle. Surprisingly, it was unlocked, and Steve peeked in.
He shook his head, meaning ‘leave me alone’, but that didn’t translate well, so he nodded. Nausea rolled over him and he ran. In the bathroom, he threw up.
During the next several days, Tony refamiliarized himself with his own life and destroyed all the weapon designs he had lying around, especially those that were in the safe behind the painting in the bedroom. It was in that safe that he found his design for the sonic taser, which he then proceeded to shred with special relish. He should also check where all the prototypes had gone. Surely, Obie wouldn’t have gotten his hands on them already?
“Is that what that alpha male posturing and fussing with the food was all about? You were jealous?”
“I’ll turn into the West End, going back. If they follow us there, they are either really lost or a problem.”
He started to work Steve with a lot of pressure and no patience. Steve felt that he could come then and there, but, at the same time, the way that Tony was unabashedly staring made him squirm, making his physical urges a little less immediate than his muddled emotions. This was Tony. Young, shameless, and careless. Did he even care that he wasn’t Lowell?
Tony came back but before Steve could make out what he had been doing, he said, “Didn’t I tell you to keep your eyes on me?”
'Well, can’t have that, can we?' Tony thought, and instead of raining more smacks on the man’s bottom, he caressed the reddened skin and pinched the other cheek, then soothed that one, too.
He didn’t care. Stevens wasn’t… Tony didn't care. He’d order everything he needed for the flat arc reactor he could wear on his body and would start assembling the tools for building his fold-out repulsor first thing the next morning.
The computer on the desk made him want to weep, but then he imagined that it was some other poor sap’s device and stocked up on patience. Thank god Obie had made sure he had a daily planner with all the relevant phone numbers in his briefcase. A paper calendar that was more efficient than whatever was currently the most modern calendar application.
“Well, let’s get it over with.” He stepped into the foyer, followed by Steve and Rumlow, where a butler asked for his umbrella.
Steve breathed in through his nose. The word burned in his bones but it was the best he had felt since the last time Tony’d fucked him. The hand reached for Steve’s shirt collar and roughly pulled apart his bow tie, along with the top three buttons.
As always, Rumlow went straight to the point. “The Egg wants to stay late and I won’t be doing the whole taxi routine today. You get up here and watch him while I drive the car back and get Madden. Meanwhile the old crook can watch the monitors. It’s not as if you actually pay attention anyway.”
“Eyes on me, big boy.”
* Also - slutshaming in this one.
“‘That so?” Stane stood up straight and took out a cigar case. “You could’ve said. Because I’ve already taken steps… Not sure if they can be retracted."
Tony took the condom, making no further fuss about getting it on. Steve didn’t dare to close his mouth or even pull back his tongue. When Tony was done, he positioned himself.
Shift change. Apartment. Yeah, Tony could do it. He had a ‘we need to talk’ talk all planned out and everything. But then their eyes met and, unbidden, Tony remembered what Andrew’s wide azure eyes looked like when foggy with arousal. Tony’s tongue dried and stuck to the roof of his mouth, and no words were forthcoming.
Tony stepped up to the bedside table and fished the lube and a condom out. Hovering over the open drawer just for a moment longer, he noticed that Stevens was resolutely staring right ahead of himself even though he surely had noticed Tony appearing in his field of vision. A renewed pleasure started uncoiling itself in his gut.
“I would appreciate it if you left now.”
Goddamn it!
Steve felt his face heating up. There was a wrong sense of familiarity. Steve was struggling to say something — anything, but was rapidly realizing that he’d lost the thread of what they were actually talking about. He was still trying to figure out what was going on when Tony grabbed the front of his shirt and with astounding force, pushed him to sit on the couch.
He woke up to a doorbell. His eyes blinked open, and bewildered, he picked himself up from the floor near the front door. He glanced at the clock: 10 p.m. Who the hell would visit at this time?
Snorting into laughter, Tony shook his head. “At least I haven’t misread those signs.”
(See the end of the chapter for
A grin took over his face without any restraint. The piece of cloth was in a clear, rigid plastic case, which came easily apart with the knife too. The paper insert said “Fitting every model” and “Career line”. Steve snorted. ‘Career’, sure.
SUMMARY:
“Shhh, I’m thinking,” Tony said quietly, but the commanding quality of it made a shiver travel down Steve’s spine.
Andrew's eyes flashed brighter and he swallowed heavily. He nodded.
“Good,” Tony said, satisfaction thick in his voice. “Good boy.”
“Yeah, but I couldn’t stay away any longer. I promise I’ll make it up to you. But now we need to act fast.”
But what if he was newly defrosted, he wouldn’t —
Tony’s gaze slid off the pile and out the large wall-to-wall window. It was foolish how sure Tony felt about Stevens being different from Lowell. Because he wasn’t. He couldn’t be.
Logically, Steve knew he was being ridiculous. He remembered how Tony was the one to initiate all of the encounters. And Tony wouldn’t have sex with people he disliked. He wouldn’t make his partner feel like crap— he wouldn’t…
(I've also added the link to the wonderful winteriron story 'Seize Yesterday' by DannieU which was the main inspiration for writing this story. You can read it here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/5467712/chapters/12638345)
“You are in violation of SHIELD’s harassment policy, Director Carter,” he shot back.
“Shouldn’t you go out? Let go and party at least once in a while? It's Friday.”
“Hey!” Tony banged his fist against the bulletproof privacy screen. Tried the car doors; they were locked. “What the hell do you think you are doing?”
Tony’s eyes widened for a second. Steve had a brief moment where he wanted to take it back. It was too much, of course, he knew that.
There was not any piece of ass in the world that would make Tony forget what his purpose here was.
Having dressed, Tony looked at himself in the full-length mirror. God, he was young. How would anyone on the board take him seriously? No wonder they hadn't. He remembered people still calling him ‘pretty’ at that stage of his life and meaning it. Mostly in a condescending way, but objectively speaking they might have been correct. God, he hated how pretty he was at barely twenty-one. A picture of naivety and selfishness. Tony made a face and turned away. The absence of the ache in his chest and of beginning arthritis in his joints felt good though. Going to work with a hangover, on the other hand? Strangely right.
“Wha—” was all that Steve managed before Tony pulled his head painfully backward by his hair.
Although his lips smiled back, Obie’s gaze remained cold. “That. And the rifles. And about you avoiding me.”
It’s only a handful of strokes before Steve comes over his hand. Parts hit Tony’s belly and his cage. He thinks he might cry.
Rumlow grumbled in response, but Larry from building security reassured them that the room was safe, and that the transport elevator at the back of it was monitored from the very same room Steve was sitting in. So that was something useful he could do, Steve thought with a quiet satisfaction.
Stane shrugged in a fake apology. “I’ve called a board meeting next Thursday. So you’ve got six days to perfect your designs. Plenty of time right?”
“Are you really that naive?” he asked. “Of course, she was ‘sent.’ Just as that chiselled jaw beefcake Rumlow was. He’s a honeypot too.” Tony straddled Steve’s thighs and leaned in. “Just as you are,” he whispered and smashed their lips together.
And right now, he needed to hide the arc reactor.
Steve shot a look at Anthony, only to see a careful blankness on his face, but the absence of any reaction was telling in itself. Steve hoped that Stane didn’t realize it.
“Good boy,” Tony praised him very quietly. It was more a breath than a sound, an intimate uttering that made something uncomfortably icy start forming under his sternum. “Go, get on the bed,” he added a little louder to purposefully shatter the moment.
“Stevens, sir.”
They were in Stane’s large office; the door was closed, and even though there were several meters between them, the ghost sensation of his lungs being constricted and the memory of his muscles turning numb and unresponsive were making his heart rate pick up.
“Open up, boy,” he said, unable to disguise the gentleness in his tone.
Fiercely, Tony wished that he'd also died under the bridge that day, wished for the fight to be over, for the next morning to never have arrived.
“What’s happening?” Tony demanded.
There was a distinct lack of an honorific now and for some inexplicable reason, for a second, it made Tony feel better until he saw Stevens’s almost mulish expression. That was… too close to what he wanted to see, so he dropped his gaze, pulled the plate closer to himself and said, “Thank you.”
Stane had never directed more than a cursory greeting towards Steve, and he was very sure that he didn’t like the change. For a moment Steve felt like he was standing on the edge of some dark crevice. It was the place where he had been burying all his anger and rage for the last several years, and there was no reason to take the plunge now. He was working together with Brock fucking Rumlow on daily basis and had told himself that it was for the good of the world. Just because Stane would become the single worst thing that would ever happen to Tony was no reason to put his mission in danger, right?
Suddenly the shoe on his dick and the hand on his throat were gone. Both of Tony’s hands were around his head now, moving him in the same rhythm as Tony’s thrusts, picking up the punishing speed from before. His nose was pressed into Tony’s pubes at the end of each thrust, and Steve struggled to develop a breathing rhythm to get air into his lungs in between.
“It’s a question of risk management—”
The man’s eyes narrowed. “Whatever you are trying to hide from me, Tony, I’ll find out eventually, you do realize that, don’t you?”
“Be a good boy and keep that up, will you?” he murmured quietly as he walked past.
With the condom gone and his clothes straightened, Tony handed him his jacket. “This time we’ll talk.” Steve answered with a nod. They absolutely needed to. “But first, we need to get this evening over with.”
(See the end of the chapter for
At first, Steve assumed it was Stane's office, but after turning the lights on, Tony— Anthony went straight behind the huge, imposing desk and sank into the big black leather chair. He should have looked like a preschooler in a too large team jersey, but instead it all fit. This was Anthony’s office and it looked like it. Never had the words ‘CEO of a Fortune 500 company by twenty-one’ been as real and impressive.
A hundred times. That’s what Steve had told him after locking him up over a month ago. He would only get unlocked after Steve had come into his mouth or his ass one hundred times. Steve would take good care of him of course, unlock him regularly to clean him and milk him to make sure that there were no bad consequences, but Tony has not even had a hard on in 34 days. Not for lack of trying on his cock’s behalf. It was maddening, made him horny like he probably hadn’t ever been in his life.
was getting worried, that was plain to see, but Tony didn’t care.
It felt good not to have to worry about being too old or ugly. Sure, he wasn't much to look at—
Tony came.
“Yes,” he rasped quietly as if ashamed, but also aroused; and as the word sounded in the quiet room, his body shuddered again in excitement.
He started moving the finger inside but its walls were stiff and tight so he went slowly. Andrew seemed to like pain, but just in case, Tony took short breaks and just held his finger inside while caressing and pinching Andrew's flesh elsewhere. Continuously prodding at the hole relentlessly as if rubbing down a delicate machine, Tony hummed.
The phone rang and Tony talked. It was business but not related to his plan, so Tony only half-paid attention.
Over Tony’s head, Rumlow made eye contact with Steve and rolled his eyes. He was nice enough when in Anthony’s line of sight, so it suddenly dawned on Steve that however friendly Steve might have tried being, Anthony probably didn’t see him as any different from the other agents. Tony wasn’t stupid, he would know that a lot of how they acted was a front. Whenever Tony had spoken about the past, it had seemed as if everyone had just been fawning over him as long as it suited them, and the moment it didn’t anymore, they were gone. Or worse, try to get leverage out of it either through extortion or selling Tony out. And that had been everyone for decades of his life. Everyone except for Rhodey and Pepper (who Tony hadn’t even met yet). So of course, there was no chance of Anthony trusting Steve just because he was being nice. But that was all Steve could do, and even if he didn’t succeed at winning Tony’s trust, at least he would take care of him in whatever small measure Anthony unknowingly allowed.
“Yes, so do guns, but everyone wants new ones all the time anyway.”
score, is that it?” Anthony snorted. “You’ve got your off nights just like everybody else, Captain Handsome.”
“The bugger shut me out.”
“And two times in my mouth.”
He can ignore his aching thighs and the burning in his ass. Steve Rogers might be stubborn, but Tony gets what he wants.
But apparently, Tony was not sleeping with Lowell. The thought was ridiculous.
With a pang, Tony realized that he wished Stevens were there instead, but that was even more stupid. He wasn’t… It wouldn’t be the same, Tony knew that. No friendships to forge here. Especially after...
A quick call to his own secretary (Claire? Marie?) at Stark Industries confirmed the date, and his board meeting as the official CEO was today. Perfect.
Slowly and cautiously, Tony opened his eyes. It was dim, but even so, he couldn't mistake the garish green and orange bedspread for anything but one of the terrible fashion sins of the nineties.
“Breakfast?" Anthony brightened. He strode past Steve without a glance, and grabbed the bag out of Lowell's hands. "Nice!”
Steve tried but didn’t manage to keep his mouth shut. “But he’s just a kid.”
Tony looked at a few other journals, then finished his research without printing anything and they headed to SI.
Tony’s knees went weak, and he had to lean heavily onto the wall.
“What news have you got for me?”
“Mr. Stark...” he started, but everything else was lost to Steve as the rushing in his ears became overwhelming.
He ignored any patronizing, made nice with the genuine well-wishers, cracked an appropriate joke here and there, and proceeded to listen to the reports avidly, read through all the documents that others only glanced at (had probably skimmed earlier), and cleared his throat when the chairman started to close.
unspeakable things to him, was unbearable so, instead, he just
“Burns. But I can go on.” Tony never knows if Steve’s asking because he’s about to not let Tony go any further or because he enjoys how far Tony pushes himself for him.
And BuckyAboveEverything for cheering!! <3
And again Steve was left standing in the living room feeling like he had been hit by a cement mixer.
He debated with himself all the way down to the other apartment. It had only been a joke, a punchline with nothing behind it. So shortly after the death of his parents, Tony obviously had different things on his mind than alcohol, girls, and parties. Right? He was working almost all of his waking hours at the SI offices, the lab, and surprisingly, he was also working out a couple of times a week. He was actually so different from what the media and Tony himself had made Steve believe that he wasn’t sure what to think anymore. Maybe that was a stage of grief, and the partying would come later? Tony seemed to be extremely focused and driven as far as Steve could tell. And lost, an unbidden voice in the back of Steve’s head suggested.
“Fine, fine. Keep your secrets,” Stane relented in a soft voice. “Why are you still here this late? Have you forgotten about the meeting tomorrow?”
But the fourth time it happened, Stevens brought him a deep-dish pizza. Tony wrinkled his nose. Well, he supposed that after he had commended the man for having an excellent taste, it was bound to happen that he stumbled over something Tony disliked.
For Stevens, he had no justification. Not really. At least with Lowell he was fairly sure her heart wouldn’t be broken. But Stevens? He was probably around thirty, but he had that awfully naive quality to him that spelled
Obie turned back around from where he was looking out of the window and smiled at him indulgently. “Tony, Tony, Tony,” he boomed with his customary faux-friendly superiority. “Young blood, new ideas, that is good, Tony. I’m glad for it.”
Steve thought he might have believed it. Maybe even Stane himself still believed it. They talked a bit more, introducing each agent and discussing schedules, and Steve couldn’t help but be distracted by trying to listen to the sounds in the apartment. Where was T— Anthony?
(He’d already ordered drinks and the finger food was delivered.)
The moment his hand was on the door handle he remembered about the bodyguards and... the Captain America impersonator.
So briefly, in this chapter, a potential investor gets aggressive, and Steve steps in. Tony gets angry and when they come back into the apartment, he verbally assaults Steve. Steve tells him that Lowell’s assignment was to seduce Tony and Tony basically laughs at him. Tells him that all four of them are here for Tony to pick and choose from.
“No, not at all,” he lies.
“Here you are, sir,” Andrew said, almost smiling back. He put the plate and the coffee on the desk near Tony’s elbow and remained standing next to him in a parade rest.
“Well that is certainly something to be concerned about, yes.” He stood up to walk behind Tony to open his liquor cabinet. For a short while he just stared inside the fridge that was installed into the bar cupboard. “You’ve really stopped drinking then?” He took out a smoothie and made a face. “Admirable, of course.” His voice was polite, but there was no real admiration that Tony could detect. “But perhaps you could at least keep something you can offer your adult guests?”
He would definitely need to build Iron Man. Especially if he kept Rumlow. Besides, he would need it to survive the Chitauri.
"Food?"
Steve thought about protesting, but in reality, he also liked being closer to Anthony while Rumlow was all the way across town, even if he could give Anthony that kind of safety only for a couple of hours.
He looked over to the door of his closet before returning his attention to the package. With his pocket knife, the sealing tape was swiftly removed, but before he opened the flap at the end, he looked around. Biting his lip, he thought about just going forward. It was his own room, for god’s sake. The scene from before stole back into his mind. No, Stark would learn about this on Steve’s terms. He went and locked the door.
“We are here to impress the big guy. Not the fucking professional offspring that was lucky enough to not OD before his parents croaked.”
“Clams? You think if I spent my day over the bowl, I’ll be easier to coral?”
“Does it matter?" Tony asked. "It’s outside normal operating parameters anyway. It doesn’t have to be perfect, just workable."
"Is this about the missiles?" he said, smiling charmingly.
AN: I’m sorry if anyone needed the sex scene summary in the end-notes of the previous chapter and it wasn’t there! I swear it was added, but for some reason, it wasn’t showing up? I just saw it now (4th of July), removed the end notes and added them again and now they are visible. I hope no one stopped reading because of it. :(
“Because we don’t need one,” the bald, strong man says, stepping forward in the formation, closer to Tony. It’s a tad suicidal, Tony thinks, and he only thinks he’s even crazier when he has the audacity to smile. “We’re still en route to Plan A.”
He aches. He wants to stop.
And he waits. For a minute, for three, for ten.
“Edwin Jarvis lived his life kindly,” the pastor had said, like it somehow made sense. Like it made sense that Jarvis was here a week ago, and he wasn’t ever going to be here again. “He will be rewarded in the kingdom of the Lord for that.”
Tony was never really good with the quiet, which was in part why the anger he felt nearly killed him at times. Death was quiet. He shouted for answers, pleaded for a reason. He could get his father--- the man had it coming for more reasons than one. But his mom? She was a victim that never even got out from under the claws of her abuser. She didn’t even get the chance.
But a weapon can’t love Tony Stark. Someone as dangerous as Steve shouldn’t even be allowed in the genius’ vicinity, let alone share a bed with him at night.
And God help those who fuck with Tony Stark’s plans.
“I do, Tony,” he says. And he’s so sincere— looking up at Tony with wonder and amazement and pain and. And love. “I’m sorry if that makes you uncomfortable, and it’s okay if you don’t feel the same, but I just had to tell you that I—“
“Don’t bullshit me, Tony,” she cuts him off before he can even get into the meat of his excuse, voice as sharp as the dagger she keeps in her left shoe. “You just fucking collapsed in front of me, so don’t try and pull the wool over my eyes. And about Steve? I believe you. I don’t think he’s really gone, either. But I can’t— I won’t lose you finding him. I just won’t. Am I clear?”
And Tony’s is as confused by that as he is happy, and he thinks about it when Bruce ups his morphine and he falls down the rabbit hole of unrestful slumber. For the first time in years, he doesn’t have bad dreams.
However, those good deeds don’t change the fact that sometimes (every time), when Steve wakes up from a nightmare, he finds his blankets ripped to shreds. Or that he’ll casually crush coffee mugs when he picks them off the counter, simply because he wasn’t thinking about controlling his arm’s muscles in the moment.
Tony spotted him instantaneously, plummeting through the sky, limbs flailing, screaming, nearing the pavement with every wasted second. Without a second thought, he shot the suit’s thrusters down, angled towards the ground Peter was so rapidly approaching.
She wouldn’t curl her fingers around Tony’s little hand, but he still held tight. Squeezed her palm. Tried to tell her in the morse code he learned from whiskey-ruined Captain America comics that it’d be alright.
Because it reminds him of being young. The deja vu hits deep beneath his diaphragm, washes through him in every gasp (no matter how much he inhales, the air never quite makes it past his lips) until it dawns in a blinding light on Steve’s mind.
It got through Rhodey’s, though. Rhodey understood.
Tony wasn’t expecting a response but he was grateful to hear one. “O-okay.”
He’s breathing.
“How are you doing, Howard?” Tony spat, glaring at the part of the stone that described him as a loving husband and father. “You still kicking the shit out of Mom in heaven? Better yet, is that your personal heaven?”
The funny thing is, a lot of parents have told Steve over the many years that he’s been a national icon (undeservedly in his opinion) about how they use him as a role model to their children. A beacon of good behavior. Of following the rules. Of exemplary morality.
Which includes a lot of self-loathing, a lot of self-pity, and a lot of loving Tony.
There’s silence. Thank fuck.
“Tony,” he coughs, hardly intelligible but he just knows down to the soul of who he is that the other man will understand. “Tony, I—“
Though the haze of the sedative makes it difficult to fully comprehend much, Steve still makes an effort to look around at his team and examine them. (Tony would call him ‘mother hen’ and laugh and Steve would relax a little, remembering how capable they all are of taking care of themselves. But Tony’s not here. He’s never gonna be here again.)
After everything they’ve done, the vast majority of the world is inclined to agree.
“I fucked up,” the kid choked out abruptly, sounding scared. Which in turn, scared the living hell out of Tony. “I— Mister Stark— I cut the wrong wire.” Every hair on the end of Tony’s body stood on edge. Oh fuck. “We don’t have time, we don’t have time, I have to do something. I have to do something.”
And they’re all dead.
He could usually almost always be found being Tony’s best friend. (And his secret, unrequited love interest but only Pepper and Rhodey needed to know about that. Don’t judge him— a man’s got to complain to someone about super soldiers that look impossibly kissable with helmet hair and a tattered uniform. God.)
“I’m good, Pep. How are—“
And maybe he should cut himself some slack, considering the mission Fury sent him out on had gotten him kidnapped and tortured by some jacked-up HYDRA thugs for a month, but fuck that.
Tony, who Steve lost two days ago. Tony, with bruises and blood and dirt and mud all over him. Tony, wearing a horrified expression that doesn’t make sense because he’s breathing.
please leave comments or kudos if u enjoyed bc i’m so sad and desperate for validation.
When there’s no response to his dumb joke (Steve almost always laughs, even if Tony’s not funny), he looks up from the vibranium trousers he’s making to see what’s happening.
—————————
But he wasn’t. So the day he got out of medical from the malnutrition and poor oxygenation, he drank. He drank, and he didn’t stop.
Exiting the suit required him to let go of Peter for a second, and in that second, the kid tried to collapse. Tony caught him before he could, slinging him up into a bridal carry, predicting and thus far not being made upset when the action was met by weak protests.
Because Tony looks at him, smiles.
if u liked it, please leave a comment i lov talking to u!!
Tony is having a bad day.
Steve looks frantic then, sputtering, “I know that it’s bad timing and I should have told you a long time ago because Tony, I’ve loved you for a long, long time and then I lost you and I thought I’d never get to tell you but I—“
Steve’s side of the story.
Something he does think about too much is how fucking stupid he is. Well-intentioned, definitely. But stupid nonetheless.
————-
Tony, once drunk off his ass because he couldn’t bear to stay sober more than twenty minutes those first few weeks after burying them, had grabbed Rhodey by the collar of his shirt. He wound his fist in the lapels and shook his best friend as hard as he could (albeit, his grip was weak for a variety of reasons, mainly malnutrition) and demanded, “Why are my parents dead, Rhodey?”
Tony couldn’t take any more pain than was already on his plate. It gnawed at his bones every waking moment, making him wish so fervently that he’d been turned into ash floating on the wind, too.
“Don’t,” Tony near shouts, shaking himself out of his stupor. Fuck, he thinks. Pull it together. “Run it for me one more time.”
Steve had to throw himself in the first cab that stopped. Or he really would never leave.
And the guy that was losing his goddamn mind with happiness earlier goes flying across the space from a well-placed repulsor blast.
“Tony,” Steve amended, a small grin quirking up the corner of those very, very kissable lips (that he for sure, for sure should most definitely not be looking at because that is so not going to happen because even if Captain fucking America wasn’t straighter than Clint’s goddamn arrows, he definitey wouldn’t be into a man with a history like his.)  “What I’m trying to say is that I’m sorry. All that stuff that I said to you when we met---”
It’s odd. He hasn’t dreamed in so long.
“Don’t you fucking ‘Miss Potts’ me! You think— you think that what you do only affects you? That other people don’t give a shit?”
Steve wants to stop coughing. He wants to get up and take a swing at these assholes for all he’s worth; make them feel even a fraction of the pain he’s feeling (and shouldn’t he be able to? He’s Captain America, for fuck’s sake), but he can’t. He’s on his hands and knees, staring at the floor beneath him. Hacking the contents of his pathetic, skinny chest up. Black spots encompassing his vision, swallowing everything he can see and turning it into a terrifying blindness making him impossibly more vulnerable to the already awful situation he’s in.
Strangely, there’s an edge of nostalgia to it. Somehow homely. Or, as homely as not being able to breathe can be.
Somehow, some way that Tony was beyond being able to wonder about, he ended up settled on the couch. But when he tried to curl up into himself; muffle the pathetic sobs of pain into their snack-stained cushions, Rhodey wouldn’t let him. He picked up Tony’s head, slid into the seat, and then laid him back down on his lap. Reached for his shaking hand and held it in his steady one.
The blood that’s crusted around the corners of his mouth aches as it’s pulled into a smile. God, he loves Tony. That’s all he has to know.
Everyone trusted JARVIS. The AI was infallible. He was the voice of reason, and everyone knew it. They’d believe him when they told them Tony was dead. Unfortunately.
They’ll never know what he would do. Steve’s gentle, mouth on Tony’s stole the answer.
--------------
Oh, God.
“First priority is getting these idiots out of here,” Tony tells JARVIS under his breath. “Police have already been alerted?”
And he really loves it now in the dead of the night, as he’s crawling out under the bottom of an iron-barred window, ribs scraping up on the cement when he finally squeezes in tight enough to fall through the open gap. He hears his body hit the ground more than he feels it. Adrenaline is a funny thing.
“Tony,” Steve has said, gazing at him with more love than Tony had ever seen in anyone’s eyes. It was amazing. And it was somehow for him. “Can you look at me?”
The floor is nice and cold as he slides down off the bench onto it; a nice parallel to his burning, mortified body. If only his pulse would just slow the fuck down, he might go to sleep.
“I don’t think you’re the one holding the bargaining chips here. Which I understand may be a foreign concept to you,,” Ass Clown says, smile audible in his tone. “Don’t you want to know---”
“Two down, boss.” And that was good enough for him as he broke through the last couple walls, nearly crashing himself through the next one but regaining his footing before that could happen.
“I. Am. Ironman.”
He just has to quiet the little voice in the back of his head and in the bottom of his heart that agrees with him, “you’ll survive. but how long without him are you going to want to?”
“What did you do?” the genius demands, turning back to the man caught in his literal iron hold, voice eerily steady.
The faceplate slams back on. Thankfully, before Steve can see whether or not these thoughts spell themselves out in Tony’s eyes.
He drifted with no fear at all.
He couldn’t risk it. He couldn’t stay. Because in addition to a metal heart, Tony has a silver tongue. There’s not a thing he wants that he doesn’t get after a little persuasive conversation, a little well-placed body language (and isn’t that precisely how Steve fell so stupidly in love with him in the first place?) The man can talk circles around him; change his mind from what he knew was right, make him believe that they’d be stronger together, make him believe that love was enough to keep them both safe. Make him believe all sorts of crazy, crazy things.
Tony rolls his eyes so hard he thinks they might get stuck there. He takes a deep, calming breath before speaking. “I am sorry, JARVIS. I should not have said that.” When there’s no reply, he adds, just to sweeten the motherfucking pot, “You know I can’t do this without you, buddy.”
Because he lost everything.
Pre-serum, somehow.
He’s usually too tired to do anything but fall into the black abyss of sleep when he finally gets the chance; just an empty void where he rests. Peaceful. Quiet.
He walks.
He’s so caught up in his thoughts that when he sees the sidewalk, he nearly misses it. But he doesn’t dare slow down; knowing men like Baldie usually have ground patrol close to their station. His bare feet bang against the pavement, cutting up the skin there. He hardly feels it. He just needs to get home.
It was a bloody, long year, but they’d done it.
“With all due respect, Sir, my software which you seem so inclined on ‘dismantling’ had me alert emergency services before you were even in the suit,” is JARVIS cool-delivered, scathing response.
Like he’s beginning to get it.
“Hey— be careful, okay? The buildings rigged to blow at the moment, Macgyver, so just chill out.” Cutting the power to his thrusters, Tony lowered himself onto the roof
“You don’t touch Anthony again, Mister Stark,” the other voice spat, furious. “Or I swear to God---”
Steve is dreaming.
Tony figures both have a ring of truth to them.
It’s all very ironic, actually.
Peter.
They’d know it, too, if they could have seen him practically flying up the stairs; leaping across them five at a time. They’d never have told tiny Tom to be brave at the doctor like Cap is if they’d watched him pack his duffel bag so hard and fast he ripped half the clothes before the zipper got pulled up.
Tony feels the air go out of his lungs like he’s been fucking punched.
“Don’t,” Tony broke in, voice cracking. He couldn’t take it. He could apparently take a lot more than he thought, but he knew without a doubt in his mind he couldn’t fucking handle this. “Don’t tell me you love me because—“
Covered in Baldie’s blood and oil and all the shit he had to do get out of that room.
“I’ve been raising him for years,” Jarvis cut in, all the usual courtesy from his tone gone. Just leaving an angry, angry man. “And I’ve loved every moment of it. I don’t stay at this job for you, Howard.” He let the first name of his employer out like a curse before adding, “You’re a piss-poor excuse of a father and Anthony deserves so much better than either of us. But so help me God. I’m better than you.”
They don’t say so in such direct words, but it’s clear by how they all attempt making transparent excuses about why their presence is required in the common room rather than where they should be sleeping in their beds, seeing as it must be after midnight.
Turns out Baldie is enhanced. He could see the inhuman, orange glow radiating off him even in the dark of his cell. Something to do with AIM and extremis bullshit, but he spends very little time analyzing it. He just doesn’t really think it matters too much.
Rhodey caught Petey before he could fall, and that was how Tony knew it’d be alright. Rhodey had been around this block before. He’d know how to help, how to keep his kid safe. They’d be just fine. Tony was comfortable in the knowledge that he was leaving his sun and his stars with the people that’d never let him burn out.
Steve slips out of consciousness, right before he can do something stupid.
“Steve, look at me,” Steve hears Natasha’s voice in his ear, sees her black socks on the hard floor, feels his face pressed on the tile and wonders how he got there and then doesn’t care when he remembers that neither he nor Tony can breathe.
The cell phone was a lead weight in his pocket. A heavy, little memento so he would always be reminded of how pathetic he was. How pitiful, because he knew if it ever rang, he’d answer.
Then, before Tony could even get his bearings, Steve got up from his seat on the couch, walking over in what can only be accurately described as an angry march until he arrived at the workbench and slid to his knees so they were at eye level.
Had he?
Tony.
This is not peaceful. This is not quiet.
And Tony had fixed it. Because Tony had loved them. And he had died believing the team didn’t love him just as much back.
“Gladly, Sir.”
And Tony is so goddamn pathetic, because he calls Fury right back to demand answers for how long he’s going to be gone.
He’ll just have to tell him when he wakes up. When, not if. Because Steve can’t stay awake, but he also won’t make Tony cry a second time. He just won’t.
------------------------------------
He’s nobody’s hero anymore. He’s too weak.
It’s kind of touching, really. But there’s an absence.
She almost left. Not out of self interest or lack of work ethic, but because Tony really was killing himself. Pepper was many, many things (most of them wonderful). Stupid wasn’t one of them. She saw straight through his armor, both literal and physical; saw the death creeping up over him like ivy in a garden.
Steve’s alone.
Tony doesn’t miss a beat. “I’m not in the mood for riddles, fuckwad. Let him go. Final warning.”
Because he’d lost his kid.
Anticipating him, because it honestly felt like Steve knew Tony better than he knew himself most days, he closed the gap between them; pressing his lips ever so softly against Tony’s in a gentle, loving kiss.
But then he stopped hating Tony. Tony, who never left the bedside of whichever Avenger had gone and got themselves nearly killed during that week’s mission, even when his phone was ringing off the hook with other work (fully aware Ms. Potts would eviscerate him for ignoring it later.) Tony, who never let anyone want for anything (Steve once found a year’s worth of canvases in his room after offhandedly complaining to JARVIS that he was out of them one day). Tony, who was endlessly selfless, kind, and brilliant. Steve didn’t stand half a chance in the face of all that beauty.
“We could deactivate the bombs?” Peter suggested, pulling him out of his less-than-satisfactory self-reflection. “You get the ones on the top and I’ll—“
“Where’s Thor?” Tony asks.
Like he’s nothing again.
“I’ll call Pepper. She probably wants to talk to you,” Natasha finally speaks, breaking the awkward silence Steve was admittedly unaware had been permeating. “Arrangements have to be made eventually.”
“Rumor on the street is you’re a mechanic,” Baldie said. “Apparently, no one can beat you at fixing broken shit. And you’ve got more blood on your hands than you have money in the bank.” There was an out of place pause, oddly serene. It was broken when Baldie lunged, fist connecting to Tony’s jaw with the force of a fucking sledgehammer. Tony let out a groan before he could stop it, and Baldie smiled so big when he heard it. “But there’s no hurry. We don’t have to talk about that now.”
The weight of the stupid, stupid teenager that he loved so much was the sweetest thing in the world as Tony careened them away from the waiting scene of EMTs and police officers. They didn’t need that.
And oh fuck, the last rounds of shots really hit him then. Spinning the world up and over around itself, though Steve stayed perfect and beautiful and sad and undistorted in front of him, looking like someone just kicked his puppy and that someone was himself and it all was really hurting now and Tony was too drunk to think around it.
“Save it, Steve. You’re going to be just fine, don’t you dare tell me ‘just in case’ or I’ll kill you myself. I swear, don’t test me.”
“Tony?” Rhodey had called, hurrying out of his little piece of shit Toyota Tony couldn’t convince him to quit. Even when he offered to pay for it, not because Tony thought the car was ugly (though it was), but because it wasn’t safe. Rhodey said he’d take the money if Tony would quit drinking. And Rhodey was still driving the Toyota, so one is free to draw one’s own conclusions about that. When Rhodey got closer, saw the look on his shell shocked face, he just asked gently, “What’s wrong? Why are you—“
“Tony,” Steve had gasped in horror, looking around at the frankly incredible amount of empty bottles rattling against each other on the floor. Even Tony was a little impressed with himself. “What did you do?”
Within a month of announcing himself as Iron Man, Tony had built a protocol for the event of his death. (Come on, he’s not that optimistic. He knows none of this is gonna end well for him.) He’d programmed it so JARVIS would alert Pepper, Rhodey, then the media in the (inevitable) event he was killed in action. And when the team had moved in—woven themselves into Tony’s life, became people he loved—he altered the protocol so JARVIS would let them know, too.
They haven’t kissed since the night Tony came back from the dead. The two haven’t exactly been avoiding one another, but now, almost every exchange between them is a little awkward. They dance around each other with careful steps. And it’s not awkward with regret— more like awkward knowing what could have been in every interaction. Knowing Tony could be kissing Steve over pancakes and coffee. Knowing he could hold him close if things were different.
Death slow kissing up his ear told him they weren’t.
Tastes like breathing.
“How do I fix him?” Tony growls, unphased.
thank you all for being with me through my first ever marvel fic!!! i had an absolute blast writing it, and if you have requests or ideas for my next fic, i’d love to hear it.
The small family laughs the night away. They talk about Peter’s internship awkward moments, Pepper attempting to navigate the rescue armor, Rhodey’s idiot coworkers, Tony and Steve’s coincidentally best and worst parent moments till they’re all shedding happy tears. They talk all the way up until the early hours of the morning, and Maria’s fallen asleep in the crook of Tony’s neck, drooling down his shirt.
Everything including the materials to make the shitty little blade-bomb-all-in-one Tony had stabbed through his heart (Tony doesn’t want to admit it, since it makes him sound like the villains he loathes so deeply, but seeing Baldie bleed was so fucking satisfying).
“And I hate not having a crowd of adoring Americans to welcome me home,” he shot back, grinning although he didn’t really want to. He was thinking of Yinsen. His last words weighed heavy on Tony’s mind, try as he might to think of anything else. They were gonna make him do something crazy. “Call a press conference for me, would you?”
have fun!!! lov u!!!
Tony knows these assholes must have deep fried JARVIS before the AI could come back online and know he’s still kicking. They must have ripped Tony out of the suit to revive him just in the nick of time (for reasons Tony personally thinks are dumb as shit.)
Just a clench of Steve’s unnaturally big hands could shatter a finger, or a face, or an arc reactor. It’d only take a single millisecond. One miniscule mistake. And Tony would be the one to suffer.
“Who did we lose?” Tony asks before Steve can get another word in, devastation plain on his beautiful, beautiful, face (God, did Steve even ever know how beautiful he was? Even beaten to high hell, he’s so beautiful. He’s the most beautiful person Steve’s ever seen.) “Was it— was it Nat? Clint?”
With one festering, painful, exception.
“No, we don’t,” Peter agreed, sounding confusingly smug. When Tony looked over at him questioningly, he was met by the spider suit’s happy white eyes. “But I do.”
How dead his mom was. And his dad but. It wasn’t as important.
“Tony---” the genius choked out, because what the fuck else could he do? “Please, uh… Don’t, um. Don’t call me Stark. Please. Call me Tony.”
“No, no, stay awake! Steve, please— I didn’t shoot an antiparalytic up my arm to have you pass out on me. Steve, please, just—“
And Tony knew he wasn’t dreaming anymore.
“Fuck! Fucking hell—-!” the doctor chokes. “Please, please, don’t hurt me--- please, I---”
Steve screams himself hoarse, kicking and shouting.
Fear.
It didn’t quite make sense.
Steve is having a bad day.
Tony’s swallow was deafening.
And Tony’s just watching him with those dead man’s eyes from behind a sheet of glass; a sheet of glass that Steve can’t destroy, no matter how hard he beats on it. His hands ache and bleed, but the glass doesn’t break.
But that’s assuming Steve loves Tony enough for that in the first place. Which he doesn’t.
“You’re a real funny guy, Stark,” Baldie had snarled, sounding for the first time like he wasn’t smiling. It didn’t give Tony the satisfaction he thought he was going to get. His disappointment was immeasurable. “You know what I think is so fucking funny?” When Tony didn’t respond, Baldie just pulled harder on his hair, jerking him to the left like he was a fucking nascar driver’s steering wheel. “Answer me!”
Tony doesn’t waste another second, focused and lethal as he slams him into the closet door with a force that dents the wall around it, either completely oblivious or wholly uncaring to Ass Clown’s responding screech.
“I do,” Steve said, solemn.
“Steve?” Tony asks, in that innocent, small voice that always makes Steve get him what he wants.
“He went to go make sure the people that took you paid up,” Steve answers, voice hard, almost like he’s jealous of the opportunity. Maybe he is.
Didn’t stop until FRIDAY finally overwrote her protocol to allow in one worried-out-of-his-fucking-mind-are-you-kidding-me-tony supersoldier.
“Not everything is about you, Tony! You’re going to get yourself killed!”
It’s a good thing he’s selfish. It’s a good thing he wants to live to see Pepper and Happy’s wedding, welcome Rhodey back home, have JARVIS tell him Natasha finally got a good night’s sleep, watch another mind-breakingly boring nature documentary with Bruce, fix Thor’s armor for the fifth time that month, make Clint a new quiver because fuck, that thing is old. Even if they don’t want him there, he wants it enough for all of them combined and then some.
But just as Steve is about to ask, Tony interrupts.
Terrified. Not ready.
“You know I can’t,” she scoffed, voice strained. He chanced a glance up at her then, and was met by an angry, tear-filled gaze.
Turning to face the perpetually growing crowd, Tony puts on a just-for-show smile, even though it dimly registers in his head that they can’t see it behind the mask. “Ladies and gentleman, if you’d exit the perimeter safely, that’d be great! Fire and police will be here soon as well as ambulances if you need assistance!” Tony yells, and JARVIS automatically amplifies his voice through the suit. “We are still in an active crime scene, so for the love of all that is holy, please just fucking leave!”
~***~
Tony’s calming down now, so Phil gives him a rare smile and pats him on the shoulder. “And I’m your favourite,” he adds off-hand as he’s standing up.
He stayed quiet for a moment, considering, before asking “My butler, Jarvis. Is he..?”
Steve would really, really rather not do this in front of the rest of the Avengers, but hey. He supposed it was as good a time as he was ever going to get. He pulled out of the hug with Tony, his hands instead gripping the other man’s shoulders as he looked into his eyes and said “Tony Stark, I love you. Have done for a while now.”
how to act. He was used to older Tony, he knew how to deal with him. It had taken a long time, but he had learnt exactly how to behave around Tony, what to say, what to do. He knew every one of Tony’s tells, could know whether he was tired, or hungry, or whatever from just a single look. But
The question was directed at Bruce, and so he was the one that replied. “It’s been a long time, Tony. And there’s no cure for old age.” He was frowning slightly as he said it, and Steve could tell that the same thing was going round his head as was going round Steve’s: why had he asked after his butler and not his parents?
“Thanks.” Clint replied, settling down, careful not to spill any of the hot chocolate. “What’s keeping you up?”
He breaks into a sprint.
“Guess you gave him his voice. And his name. He’s all through the building, so if you ever need to talk…”
One day, Tony is lifting a slab of concrete that had come up from the road, and the computer in his helmet must have made some kind of error in its calculations, because no sooner than Tony lifts the slab up, he comes crashing back down. Steve waits for him to hit the ground, before running to him. He wonders if this is what a heart attack feels like. Even when Tony lifts up his mask and starts cracking jokes, the feeling lingers, like a heavy weight in his chest, constricting his breathing and making him start to think that maybe death would be preferable.
This is his cue to leave. “Seven,” Bruce replies, giving Phil a subtle nod as he edges to the kitchen. “Engineering, mostly. A couple in computer science.”
“I have missed you too, Captain,” Thor bellows, and shit, Steve must have said that out loud. “We need to remove these creatures, where is the Hulk?”
, sat on the lab table like it’s just another Tuesday, grinning at everyone like he’s won a prize.
“Not an alien, Barton, we’ve been over this.”
“Okay.”
“I,” Tony said, striding into the lab “am going to marry Steve Rogers.”
“Computer science?”
“Oh.” Tony blinks up at him. “Sorry.”
He thinks he could quite happily get used to this, lying across from a sleeping Tony each night.
Once the suit had arrived, it only took the pair about fifteen minutes and no property damage (except for a broken table), to sort out the ‘villain’, although you could hardly call him that. The guy was pathetic. Not so pathetic, unfortunately, that he didn’t traumatise all the staff of the restaurant, and so one of the waiters cautiously came up to Steve and Tony to let them know that they would be closing up the restaurant early that night, and that they’re very sorry but they would appreciate it if the two did not dine there again.
Nobody is speaking; they are all too exhausted to form coherent sentences, can barely keep their heads up, and so they eat in silence. It is not an uncomfortable silence, nor is it a comfortable one. It simply is, because there is nothing that any of them can do to take it away. Steve wonders what, if they could bring themselves to speak, they would say to each other. This was a group of people who barely knew each other, hadn’t even gotten along to begin with, and yet they still came together to save the world. None of them have anything in common, as far as Steve is aware, except for maybe Barton and Romanoff. He can tell they have a history, but of what, he couldn’t say. But no, no common interests to discuss. Perhaps they would discuss the battle? But then again, perhaps not. Today, they had all witnessed more destruction than any person, any
“Yeah, I know.”
The armour hits the ground seconds before Steve can get there, so he hastily manoeuvres the suit into a more comfortable – well, a more
‘Steve’ turned.
Steve could follow Tony taking the lube from the table from the corner of his eyes but he didn’t dare to look anywhere but at his face. When Tony straddled him, their eyes finally met, and Steve felt like he could breathe again. Tony smirked in response. He sank down on Steve’s dick without any other preparation or words.
“It’s only for a while,” the man said in the tone of voice Tony had always taken for affection. “Just until it blows over.”
His jaw clenched, Tony shouldered past him into the elevator and rode up.
By association, he glanced at the woman who very professionally looked extremely ornamental on the seat she’d chosen to lounge on. Tony’s stupid dick twitched.
“Nonsense, Tony! Can I call you Tony? You’re a smart young man and you are strong. Anyone in your shoes…”
The next eight hours passed with Steve reading a book and Anthony behind the screen, working. Steve knew because this was Tony's thinking face. The face he'd not seen in years. To prevent himself from staring, he had to turn his back to Anthony.
Schooling his features back into their normal form, which Tony had repeatedly called his resting Cap face, Steve mentally kicked himself in the butt. Peggy was not here to do it for him after all. He would take the chance to get into Hydra if he could (and Steve could feel bad about it later), but that was what he had to do. And Anthony… of course he would not start sharing all his hopes and fears with Steve just because he’d been nice to him for two days.
He turned away from the other two agents and pointed his thumb behind his back, moving away as if dismissing them.
“That’s it,” he murmured encouragingly in his very best patronising tone. “Here we go, get that virgin ass some proper workout.”
Grabbing at the far end of the pillow, he yanked it closer. So fast that Doll-Tony tumbled off.
“I would ask you to beg, but I know you won’t.” Steve pulled his hand away and rolled onto his front and forbade his own moan at his semi pressing into the mattress. He put his head down on his pillow and turned Tony’s tiny head to look at him. The smile was still there.
He was worse than Lowell, who had just been following orders.
“I’m not trying to shut the factories down, Obie. I’m trying to keep them running for decades and longer.” Tony didn’t even know why he was talking to the old man. Nothing of what they were saying right now mattered. “I know there are people who depend on the well-being of our company, Obie, believe me, I do know that. But I want them to be a part of creating something good that brings life and connections, not death! It will be very profitable, I promise you. The tech industry is a broad market that needs consistent upgrades and isn’t gated by the government. The future
Not today. If he fell off the wagon, it was not going to be today. Tony nodded decisively, stood up and thought of all the stray bottles around the apartment. In the kitchen, his bedside table, and even the bathroom. He carried all the bottles to the sink and poured them out, one by one. There. That hadn’t been so bad, had it?
Tony blinked at him. “I’m the CEO. This is my company. That package usually comes with an office, yeah.”
He tells himself that he's imagining the likeness, and he wouldn't like there to be any likeness anyway. He manages to have sex so that he wouldn't see 'Andrew's' face.
Steve couldn’t care less if Anthony was ready to hear that or not. Even if he wasn’t, the words would still hopefully be there in his memory once he got there, when Steve would be long gone.
“Yeah, yeah, okay.”
“I think we lost them,” Rumlow said.
“Put in yours!”
“Tony, I—”
“Down!” Stevens yelled again, pushing him back down.
“Uncut, huh. You’re a rare species around here.”
He patted Tony’s shoulder reassuringly, and Tony realized that on some level, it was working. Minutely, Tony felt better and he hated himself for it, but the next moment it suddenly hit him why the gesture had been so effective in the past. That early in life, no one but Rhodey had ever shown him any support in such a way. Not anyone who mattered at least. Neither of his parents had been physically affectionate, and while some scientists and teachers had expressed their pride in his achievements, he’d also always felt that whatever the accomplishment, it had been an expected one. Stane, however, was different because in his heart, Tony had considered him family, someone who supported him no matter what, and for a long time, Tony had felt desperately grateful to have such approval.
It might still be worth more than anything else Steve was doing right now.
Tony flicked one of Steve’s nipples. “Hey, breathe. I really don’t want to have to explain to Rumlow how you got a heart attack.”
“The film won’t come alive and strangle me!”
“I came by earlier to take over. Oh, breakfast.”
Unless he decided to fuck this same oaf.
Of course Stark loved the idea. It was still a fairly new thing, and already he had made a deal with the manufacturer to have his own line. “Not anything anyone hasn’t seen on the internet already anyhow,” he had said when Steve had asked if he had no shame. And as if that hadn’t been enough, when the first of the damn things had been produced, Stark had ordered one for everyone on the team. Steve had found it in his room that day and almost went to stuff it down Stark’s throat. Only with the last thread of reason he managed to calm himself down again. There had to be a possibility of teaching Tony a lesson once and for all somewhere in this. He had put it in the drawer, making an exercise of trying not to think of the thing and at the same time coming up with a way to use it against Stark, which then led to him browsing the internet for ideas.
Tony was reading through some notes he carried in a locked briefcase that Steve was pretty sure sported something more than just your basic number lock. At a traffic light, Steve had time to peer into the rearview mirror for any additional signs of weariness, but found none.
“Not your decision? Of course not.”
Tony didn’t bother to hide his eye roll.
When Pierce had left, Garett turned to Steve. “Congratulations, you just earned yourself an indefinite time of bottomless boredom. Ever worked security detail before?”
Twice. Twice! TWICE!
“We are here so SHIELD doesn’t lose any potential weapon tech that the old Stark might have hidden somewhere.” He shrugged as if he personally couldn’t care less. “Or any new stuff that the guy comes up with. Who’d have thought that he’d be so productive? Stane is apparently adamant that for the last few years, SI has been producing the kid’s tech, not the dad’s. And Lowell is making him happy enough that he’s effectively chained to his work desk for the rest of his free time. Otherwise, we’d probably be trailing after him all day while he’s chasing tail.”
Stevens shook his head as if to clear his head. “‘M fine. Go on.”
Steve walked over to where his plate sat on the kitchen table and brought it over. He sat down on the other end of the sofa across from Anthony, and dug in. He was trying not to pay any attention to what Anthony was doing, but still noticed when only a minute later the young man leaned back to enjoy his pasta.
“Hey, stop that!” Tony admonished, his grip like iron on Steve.
His eyes narrowing, Tony snapped, “Let him go, Stevens.”
Steve used both hands to pull the skirt back down, so the cock, now framed in white, was no longer visible. Picking the doll up again, he weighed it in his hand. The look made the thing sufferable– because it would embarrass Tony.
As expected, the whole thing was a production: introductions (even though Tony had met most of the men present at the mansion before), dutiful declarations of sorrow for his loss, and the expressed hope for Tony being worthy of his new position. Halfway through the introductions, Tony realized that it wasn’t all fake — people did feel sorry for a young man becoming suddenly fatherless, and they were concerned about the future of the company, but there was also an undercurrent that Tony had never sensed back then.
Stevens flushed scarlet and Tony almost laughed out loud. If it were someone else, the continued silence might’ve been power play but inexplicably, Tony had a feeling that the other man was simply too flustered to do anything else. Excitement thrumming in his blood, Tony smirked.
Captain America.” The stare that Tony earned for that was more that of a hurt—and therefore feral—animal. “I guess there’s some history there, but I’m not complaining about your Black Widow either.”
This St- this impostor looked like just a puffed-up dummy in a semi-nice suit.
While Tony’s cock strains against the cage, his body is melting into Steve’s embrace. The contradiction makes tears run over his face, hot against the skin, while he listens to his own heartbeat quiet down to the rhythm of Steve’s breathing.
THANK YOU to my loyal betas - you're the best, guys!!! *muah*!!
They didn’t.
It couldn’t be anything good. Tony must have fucked up something somewhere. The first time around, Tony hadn’t even been aware of the man’s existence until he was much, much older. Was SHIELD that dependent on SI technology already? Tony had not been aware of it, but what else could be the reason for such a visit? It had to be because Obie had been unable to deliver on their contracts.
There was no predefined plan for that, for Tony and him talking. How would that go? What would happen now? The fog from the earlier had been gradually dissipating, and Steve was starting to wonder whether anything he’d read into Tony’s actions during their… escapades... had been real.
“Be nice and quiet, and maybe I’ll look at you again.”
Her clever smile put them on a more equal footing with both of them thinking that they had the upper hand by knowing something the other didn’t. Well, that was true — he wasn’t sure what type of a mission he was for her (she might be an alien, an industrial spy or Hydra, an assassin, or just Obie’s honeypot), and she had no idea that he even suspected her in any of it. Well, at least for now, Lowell’s mission seemed to be gathering intel, not taking him out.
Tony wasn’t actually staring at him now, but he remembered and the need to check if he... The need to find old footage to check if he remembered Steve correctly was overwhelming. It was an obsession; that’s what it was. No use in thinking about it.
“Stark…” The low growl was calculated. Aggression was so far the only thing that had any chance of making the man back off. And heaven knew Steve had tried about every other trick in the book. It was obvious that Tony loved to wind Steve up and see how far he could go. Steve was honest enough with himself that he could admit that this would probably end badly in the near future.
But however promiscuous Tony naturally was, none of it made it okay for Steve having done what he had. Tony was too young. The vow to make it up to Anthony was thrumming through Steve’s consciousness like an aching need. Steve would— Andrew. It was Andrew who would need to make it up to Tony. If only he would let him.
“If he is too tired, he’ll fall asleep,” Madden chipped in, “It is not as if he works with explosives or anything, right?”
This time the agent’s eyes flashed like steel. “This how you treat all women then, as sex toys?”
They sparred. By the time Tony started truly tiring, the Great Wall of Stevens in front of him was still holding his ground with no obvious strain. The only difference seemed to be the heat in his eyes which was getting brighter and… Might not all be due to the thrill of a fight.
Anthony seemed to lose steam at the last part. Steve was not sure that their hurrying through the corridors had any other purpose than for him to not have to look at Stane, but then he also might've been projecting.
“Yes, enough, now put it in. Your index.”
Steve’s gaze snapped back to him, and he couldn’t keep his own eyes going wide with the feeling of getting caught.
Tony, much larger than just a moment ago, was standing in the door his eyes wide. Steve stared back for a moment, unable to reconcile what was happening. Tony turned his head and Steve followed his gaze to the chaos of up-turned drawers and the overturned chair. When their eyes met again, Tony closed his mouth, licked his lips, and stepped forward, closing the door behind him.
“You can beg me to let you orgasm any time you want.” Steve’s erection was by now hurting from being confined between his body and the bed. He wondered if it had been long enough, but if Tony needed a reminder they could always do this again. He let go of Tony’s cock. “Whining won’t bring it back faster.” Although it might make Steve even harder.
He walked up to the bar in his living room. Stared at it. If he removed these too, Obie would know. But so what? He already thought that Tony was overstepping the limits he’d been unofficially set. Taking a deep breath, Tony took several bottles and went to the kitchen. He made two more trips and the last one… His favourite. He’d left his favorite bottle of scotch for last.
“Why do you think he only ever leaves the apartment for our shift?” he asked, trying to keep Rumlow’s profile in his view.
“Shh!” he said softly. “You just stay and I’ll take care of you, yeah?”
Steve was not sure how someone in grease-stained sweatpants and a tank top could manage a look of utter exasperation as if Steve was the one being inappropriate here.
“We are glad to have you here,” Stane said with a sharp smile. “The loss of Howard and Maria was already more than any of us could take, but see, I’m also Tony’s godfather. I have made a promise to his parents to keep him safe.”
“I’m sorry, Obie. I can’t,” he said every time, listening to the admonishments, veiled threats, and playing at being ashamed, uttered half-promises to think more about it. He didn’t.
“I would stay for a drink, but I saw that you cleaned the bar out here too,” Stane said, looking around as if appraising the space.
Steve would have forgotten Madden with the company security if Anthony had not reminded him.
“This is really flattering, but you know that this isn’t ‘Gone with the Wind’ moment, right? It’s the nineties.”
His breathing shaky, Andrew started to nod, then shook his head once, as if to clear it.
But what if…?
An indeterminable amount of time later there was a knock and somebody —
Steve didn’t want to believe that it meant Anthony now relaxed in his presence more than with others, but there was some progress: before, he’d locked himself in his bedroom whenever it was Stevens’s shift, and now he just kept on working.
"At least you are honest about it," Tony found himself saying. "I appreciate that."
With no hesitation, Andrew pulled the tube out of the drawer and squirted some on his fingers. Blushing, he widened his stance and moved his hand behind himself—
Steve expected to be met by Stane again, but instead, a comparatively short brunet boy opened the door.
“Sorry, sir.” It still didn’t come easy, but he had gotten used to it over the recent years. “I needed your input on the weapon requisition for Mission Pegasus.”
“Who’s getting his rocks off without having to work for it, the lucky bastard.”
Belatedly, Tony realized that ‘soldier’ wasn’t the word to use here, but Stevens was an ex-military too, wasn’t he? Also, something about the man had relaxed at hearing the word too. His mouth looked softer, maybe it was even a flicker of a smile that Tony saw? He wasn’t sure, but it made his insides quiver and he didn't like it. He didn't like it at all.
Yes. Yes, he had been. Damn it, the knowledge was humiliating. It was so humiliating that Tony decided to call her out.
It takes all of Tony’s concentration to answer and keep up with his movement. “34 days.”
This was Peggy getting down to business, and Steve did miss that part of her in his everyday life as much as her lighter tones. Flirting was out of the question these days, of course, no matter what the situation was.
“What the hell!” Reflexively, Tony slapped both of Andrew’s ass cheeks. “I said no touching, didn’t I?” he almost growled. He grabbed at Andrew’s hair with one hand, gripped his hip with the other and pushed in as hard as he could. “You come on my cock or not at all, got it?”
“I told you it was just for physical relief; you consented.” Tony cringed internally at his own douchery. “I’m not sure what you want from me. I can’t take you on a date because you’re assigned to me and offering you gifts outright seems cheap… What else can I offer? And don’t pretend your feelings are engaged. I won’t believe it.”
Tony paused in thought, then said, “You‘re right. I can’t work here, so…” His voice trailed off and his eyes were unfocused.
For one, Rumlow was one of the people they knew for sure was a part of Hydra. The Avengers had found out as much when the Chitauri had revealed themselves, when Hydra had taken over the world. They had a few collaborators who went public with them and many more that stayed hidden. And with the shapeshifting, it was hard to tell who was Chitauri and who human. Not that it mattered because people who didn’t become collaborators didn’t usually live long enough to be proud of it. A few were exceptions, but only the ones who had the means to hide or could fight. But even Steve had to check out in the end. And by now, probably Tony and the rest of the team he’d left behind too.
No. He knew why he couldn’t just kill all those people that he knew would be guilty. There were too many, the network was probably too vast already, and even if Peggy would believe him, she wasn’t a wonder woman. Even if he told her the coordinates, even with Steve by their side — they wouldn't know everything Tony knew. From prison his help would be insufficient. They wouldn’t know how dire the situation was and they would
“Alright,” Steve said. “Do you want to sit down?” he added, but quickly, almost as if Steve hadn’t even spoken, Tony turned around and went on.
Steve nodded once without asking for more information.
Tony took in a sharp breath and let it out with a whoosh. God, the man was gorgeous. And so sweet it was nauseating.
Stark frowned. “Depends if we are ready to make our situation that much worse…”
Recovering, Anthony opened his mouth to say something else when they got interrupted by Lowell. Ignoring Steve completely, she smiled at Anthony.
Tony dazzled. Somehow, Tony hadn’t believed that he could command such attention when he looked like a schoolboy, but apparently, he just hadn’t remembered that youth was a power unto itself. Or maybe he simply hadn’t really understood it when he was younger.
Almost half an hour earlier, he’d let Obie in, so as a last moment decision, he walked into his walk-in and looked around. One thing was clear — he had to appear absolutely helpless and insignificant to the goons, therefore he chose his ‘loudest', oversized by the future’s standards, outfit — a sweater and a pair of worn jeans. He mussed his hair and didn’t bother with shoes. Okay, time to face the music. He walked back into the bedroom, but as he neared the door, out of curiosity, he decided to take a peek first. Soundlessly, as to not alert anyone, he pushed the door ajar.
As if he didn’t already know.
“Yes, and I have no intention of disrupting them. Those contracts are going to be fulfilled as agreed, but I'm simply letting you know that what we have not yet signed on is not going to come to fruition." Strictly speaking, this was against his work ethic, to back out on  promises, but Tony was still not compromising on his refusal to bring more new weapons into this world. "I've got a great deal of ideas for communications technology, though," he said quickly as if trying to earn the older man’s approval, whose clean-shaven face and a head chock-full of light hair seemed to be an image that his brain still associated with someone who cared, as opposed to the old, bald man, the embodiment of betrayal.
Tony felt Andrew moving closer to him, and unexpectedly, the proximity gave him courage. His eyes narrowed. “What steps?”
“Dinner already? Do you have plans tonight?” Clint waggled his eyebrows.
He bit his lip, trying not to show that only the tiniest bit of his attention was dedicated to Rumlow’s briefing. He had no time to fall back into the vortex of thoughts regarding the past. He felt a twinge somewhere in his chest, but ruthlessly, he pushed it down. Steve couldn’t afford to be foolish about this. Everyone he loved was dead. And at the same time, alive too, but Steve was no one to them. Except for Peggy, who wouldn’t live long enough to see it all go to hell. Small mercies.
“So pretty,” Tony whispered. “So ready for me. Right? Are you ready for me, boy?”
“Yes, with
(See the end of the chapter for
That was true and they both knew it.
Rumlow looked at him with uncloaked exasperation. “If you think we have to.”
The way that Tony was closing in had nothing of the scared youth that Steve had tried to protect at the restaurant.
had certainly realized that the satellite project kept taking up too much of Tony’s time and the other, currently more profitable ones kept being pushed back because of it. So Obie was not a fan, and Tony felt immensely satisfied with the amount of control he could see the old man exert over himself because of it. As far as Tony knew, he was still making all the polite excuses to the board and their partners, so Tony figured he had a little time before the man lost his temper.
Steve felt his lips moving without his agreement. “I’m sorry?”
Their window of time was rapidly coming to a close. He had kept his back to Peggy carefully through the whole encounter. Not that anything naked about Steve could disconcert Peggy these days, or probably at any point in time, but it was already very improper this way. Still keeping his back to her, Steve stepped to the side and grabbed his towel.
“Not really into that kind of stuff. Besides, I wouldn’t want to intrude into your territory.”
Stark Industries? Security detail? Did that mean…? For a moment Steve thought about backing out. But he had no excuse to do so; no connection between Stark Industries and Agent Andrew Stevens of SHIELD. There was also no connection between Steve Rogers and Tony Stark. Not anymore, not yet, and there never would be. Besides, whatever the assignment was, most probably Steve wouldn’t even see Tony during it. What would be the odds?
Tony had every intention to burn all of the designs he could find in his home, office, and the R&D department. He grimaced regretfully. “I’m sorry, Obie, but I can’t.” He shook his head and made his shoulders slump in an even more pathetic manner. “I’ve tried, it’s just… There’s so much death, I just can’t be the reason for more. I...”
Right. So he would have to be careful, but prolonging the wait would not benefit anyone. It was time to move the plan along. Soon he’d need to show his plans to his R&D people and start on production. A number of key components he would still have to order in various other overseas companies, though.
Numb with shock, Tony pulled his left arm out from under his body and propped himself into a slightly more upright position.
Anthony’s jaw clenched. “You ruin my business deal and still act as if I need looking after? What’s up with that? Bringing me coffee, making breakfast, asking how my day is going? Because the poor boy is so lost without you? And don’t think I haven’t seen how you look at Lowell. Do I need protection from her, too?”
The clock on the wall indicated it was twenty-three eighteen when Steve pushed into the locker room, and without any decorum, got naked and headed to the showers. He started the water and went through the motions of getting clean. When, not even thirty seconds later, he heard the door open, he didn’t turn around.
“Pleasure,” he said and smiled flirtatiously because that’s what his face did when he tried to gain the upper hand in a social situation. “And Tweedledee and Tweedldum there?”
When Stane let him go, he took Tony by the shoulders and squeezed them. “It’s gonna be okay, son. It’s okay, you don’t have to change your life just because of the accident. I know it must have been a shock, but it was nobody’s fault and whatever you do now won’t change what happened, you do realize that, don’t you, Tony?”
For the hundredth time, Steve thought about getting himself reassigned. And for the hundredth time he clenched his teeth, huffing the next breath out of his nose. He couldn’t. Being on the same team as Rumlow was such a lucky coincidence; he wouldn’t get another chance like this. And Anthony’s future depended on it.
“Shit, sorry.” He picked him off the mattress, and righting his head again, laid him out on his back. His legs were still indecently spread. Steve corrected it to just a small opening, inviting but not lewd; the hands went down to his sides. The placing of the limbs alone made Steve’s cock pulse where it was confined under his body. He took a deep breath removed his hands from the doll in favor of letting his eyes do the touching for a while.
In a way, the whole Obie-shaped problem was a good distraction from his unhealthy obsession with Stevens and how he needed to talk to him about what had happened. So dealing with the fallout with Obie, who was undoubtedly thinking his screws were loose, felt pretty good in comparison.
“Ah, I forgot. Agent Stevens, the old-fashioned gentleman.”
This was just an incredibly improbable coincidence. Just a tall strong man who looked like Captain America and liked working out.
Tony didn't talk to anyone, just flagged down a server with drinks and beckoned him closer so he didn’t have to speak up. The server listened, nodded and headed for the bar.
It was getting out of hand. Stevens was treating him like a child. The only reason Tony was tolerating it was… The food was good. That was all. And he needed to eat anyway.
And he would need to build Iron Man if he wanted to survive.
Sitting down as instructed, Steve watched Tony busying himself with putting the coffee machine on. He had his back to Steve and was taking his time with pressing the buttons, as if trying to delay sitting down and actually looking at Steve.
“You’re a tool and you need to be used like one. On your own you just get yourself in trouble.” Tony stopped for a moment and his expression became thoughtful before it dissolved into a smirk. “I will need to get condoms from somewhere or everyone will know how you apologized for being an idiot out there. You stay here—”
Surprisingly strong hands guided him down on the couch and rolled a condom over his very enthusiastic erection. Tony snapped his fingers and Steve's attention darted upwards.
Steve hoped that Rumlow didn’t expect him to answer. He was working very hard to keep everything he might say from coming out.
An awful churning sensation in his gut was there and gone. No. Stevens was not that good of an actor, Tony was sure. Or was he projecting…?
“Just trying to follow along and think it through.”
“Stevens.”
Tony wandered towards the exit of the armory, deciding he needed another swipe from his backup flask before this all was going down. When he reached the door, he called back over his shoulder, “Steve will figure that charade out in no time. You'd better work fast.”
“I don’t know.” Stark sounded dejected. He poked at some of the keys, entering new parameters. “He must have gotten lost when our universes collided.”
Raising his head and squaring his shoulders was instinctual, and feeling Andrew’s body stiffening up next to him felt like closing ranks. His hindbrain had apparently decided that Andrew Stevens was on Tony’s side as if him being a potential Hydra agent was an impossibility. He shut it down and, throwing a quick glance at the man, stepped away. For all he knew the man was there to subdue him.
. Steve did his best to focus on the information about Anthony almost working round the clock. At least he slept when it was Steve’s shift. That was good even if it was only for four to five hours sometimes, but often it was closer to seven or eight. It didn’t fail to make Steve wish that Tony would do that when someone else was around, however. There was only so much Steve could do with the limited time he got to see Anthony. At least Anthony didn’t manage to line up his sleep pattern with Steve’s schedule every time, as they had no set order.
, even though his stance was
His words elicited a low, stifled moan. Reverently, Tony went on caressing the skin on Andrew’s butt, sides, and back until it felt like neither of them could hold out for much longer. Groaning, Tony pulled at his own cock a couple of times.
Also, Lowell had initially tried to see his schematics and documents that Obie didn’t have access to; in a different way, Stevens had also shown an interest. Was that why he kept bringing the food when Tony had lost himself in his work and refused to leave him alone at the data room at the library? Well. Tony was very careful with what he left lying around and no pair of blue eyes—
“Maybe Rumlow is not yet Hydra,” Peggy suggested. “Maybe there are no ‘right missions’ for your team yet.”
No, he wasn’t thinking about that. Instead, he turned to the workstation and for a moment stopped to admire the Enterprise-D replica from Next Generation he’d bought so long ago and lost some time during the numerous moves from one workshop to another. God knows where it had ended up back then, but here it was, new and shiny. Tony smiled, trailed his fingers over its surface and moved on to his work, putting down all the strokes to design the payload for emitting the special pulse he needed on the new satellite. The annoying part was that he had to go back and fill in all the blanks that his engineers would need to understand the schematic. When he designed things for himself he always skipped steps.
Tony took a big gulp of coffee, bit into the sandwich, and pulled out the forms that needed much less concentration. He got back to work.
People loved him.
“Nothing,” Tony dismissed.
Now, he is done with it. He will make Steve come even if it means passing out right after. He will get unlocked today.
They made it to SI headquarters without another non-incident, and Steve set up shop with the security guards while Anthony and Rumlow headed upstairs. Steve knew most of the guys from SI security by now and actually felt relieved to strike up a bit of small talk to distract himself from the mess he was in.
“They are from La Bocca,” Steve explained.
“Are you alright, son?” Pierce was staring into his eyes, seemingly concerned. “You seemed to be far away for a moment there.”
Yes. Probably half a year altogether. Up to a year. Hydra couldn’t accomplish anything spectacular during a year, could they?
“Yes, sir?” Stevens stood up straight.
“Figured it out, huh?” Rumlow drawled as he turned back to his food. “Not that dumb, after all, Stevens?” He smirked. “She is doing a good job of keeping him easy to handle, isn’t she?”
Agent Lowell was the only “lady” that came anywhere near Tony these days. And she had been overly friendly whenever she came to relieve Steve from duty.
“It’s been almost half an hour, I'm sure we’re not being followed,” Tony tried at some point. “You should maybe contact your team?”
For a split second Stane’s eyes looked calculating, then his shoulders relaxed and his demeanor turned entirely too understanding.
“Oh,” he said stupidly. Then, still drunk on endorphins, he grinned. “You don’t mind waiting for the second go, boy, do you?” Phrasing it as a non-question, he held his breath as he waited for a reaction. For a beat, Andrew seemed to just shudder and fight himself, then—
Stark stared at him again with that pissed-off look that said that Tony reminded him of how much of an asshole they both were. Or as Tony liked to put it “pragmatic problem solvers.”
Andrew was sitting on the wingback chair in the corner and shifting restlessly each time Tony looked his way. Tony’s lips had turned up the first time it happened and hadn’t settled since. Once, the phone rang, and Tony had to forget about his private pleasure for seven long minutes and that sucked.
Steve steered in a different direction. “Your jet engine sure will be very helpful to the troops.”
“Rumlow will tell you everything you need to know. You’ll find yourself with more time on your hands than you know what to do with. Be ready at seven a.m. tomorrow. The assignment is indefinite, so pack accordingly.”
When Steve met Tony the first time in his own, original timeline, the trauma that had changed Tony’s worldview had already happened, and he didn’t seem one ounce more humble for it. But seeing what Tony had gone through, Steve realized that he had been wrong: Tony shouldn’t have been humble — he should have been fucking proud.
in bed." Obie put his hands into his pockets and turned fully to face Tony, swaying lightly on the balls of his feet. “Can you say the same? That’s what I’d like to know.”
don’t tell me how to do my job.”
The strategist and the humanitarian in Tony had wanted to just bomb the whole enterprise to stop Chitauri’s supply lines, but there had been mothers with their kids and old people as well as strong adult males and females. They’d all looked so human — harmless and defenseless. Tony couldn’t imagine just killing them even though there was no hope of bringing back their minds.
“Yah okah?” he asked through his mouthguard.
He had stared at the ceiling of his bedroom after, as if he could see right through it, to see what Tony was doing and whether he was okay — no, that was a lie. He wanted to know if Tony was affected by it too, or if Steve was just the next warm body for him to entertain himself with. Steve remembered how he had wondered about Tony not drinking and clubbing like Steve expected him to, but now he knew. Tony was still Tony, but he never really needed to go clubbing to find himself a willing bed partner. He just crooked his little finger and people fell over their feet to volunteer. And now it was Steve’s turn. How pathetic.
Steve! Not Steve, not
Tony pushes Steve on the couch, kisses him aggressively. Tony is very domly, dismissive, and Steve reacts by being passive, letting go of any resistance. He does want it, likes it, but he is emotionally conflicted about it. He feels it is wrong to have sex with young Tony but can’t say no anyway. For the first time, he starts thinking that maybe this was what he wanted from Tony all these years.
Tony knows that. It still makes him shiver.
He reached the hemline of the dress and his thoughts flashed back to this morning and the day that had followed. “For all your nonchalance about the leaked nudes and sex-videos and paid interviews with one-nightstands, you can’t ask for this directly. Can you? You only can tease and make bawdy innuendos and be as offensive as possible.” He only brushed up against the lace and then trailed his fingers down the stockings again. “But one touch and you wilt like a flower.” When he reached the foot, he let a nail flick over the sole before changing sides. “You’re so hungry for it.” The feeling of nylon on those smooth thighs surprised Steve for the second time today. Back at the hem again, he stopped. There was no breathing, no moans and no sighs, of course. But Steve knew that all that Tony wanted was for him to move his fingers under that skirt like he had done earlier that day.
“Tony,” the other man said, trailing after him too close for comfort. “You know you can’t win this one,” Obie continued in a tone that sounded deceptively understanding, “I know you didn’t get along with your father, but this is just bad form. You know that you are letting down not only me but also
At one point when Tony turned the corner around his locker aisle and came face to face with the man Tony was pretending was not there, Stevens flushed an even deeper pink. Grinning, Tony glanced down. There. His evidence.
He would have to.
. That was for the best anyway; Agent Stevens wasn’t supposed to be close to the Golden Egg.
“These are Agents Madden and Stevens,” Rumlow said equally indifferently. “You won’t see much of them. Agent Lowell is one of our best assets, and she will be your protective detail from now until 7 a.m. Agent Madden is on back-up, and Stevens and I will cover the day shift."
Yes, Stane wanted Tony present at a meeting the next day to people he wasn’t sure he even wanted to do business with. Tony suspected that some of those people were involved in gun trafficking or would in the near future. He’d never seen those exact names in Obie’s secret ledgers, but Tony had a bad feeling about this meeting.
“Hands behind your back.” Leaning up, he maneuvered the doll’s arms back, arranging them in the least awkward manner possible, which still looked somewhat unnatural. Or just uncomfortable. He licked at his lips. “Spread your legs.” The joints allowed for a surprisingly wide split.
“94.”
Trailing a finger over Tony’s cockcage, he asks, “And how long have you been locked up?”
“Just count it as today’s cardio, Uncle Obie.”
“I just noticed a car that has been behind us for a while now. I’ll turn into 59th and if they follow, we might have an issue.”
The taller man melted instantly and yes, that was what Tony had needed. "Fuck, Andrew, how do you always smell so good?"
“Tony, should I call someone?”
“There is nothing to pretend—”
Steve couldn’t save Anthony from becoming the man he was supposed to be, but he could maybe tell him the things that Tony would have wanted his younger self to hear.
But it had.
Even back then, Tony put the world first, and Steve had respect for that. Tony had always commanded Steve’s respect in everything that happened after, but not his trust. When Ross had been at their doors, Steve took off because he didn’t trust Tony with Wanda’s safety. When Ultron had happened, Steve hadn’t trusted him either. He simply hadn’t believed that Tony could learn from what had happened. And when the Chitauri went public, he hadn’t trusted him to find a solution in time.
