“What makes you think I give a flying…?” John starts, fully exasperated with it all now. He balls his hands into fists at his sides, fighting to maintain his composure and seriously wondering how in the world this stranger has upset him so quickly.
Not really wanting to interrupt the obvious fragile moment, Martha takes a step backward with the intention of closing the door but Sherlock’s ultrasensitive ears pick up the slight sound of her heel scuffing against the linoleum, and she stops, pinned by the green fire in that gaze.
. He blows across the top of the coffee cup he’s just pulled the top off of and makes bitter beer face after one sip. Scowling at the horrid brew, he recaps it and starts to set it on the bedside table.
“Get. Out.” John growls; his jaw is clenched so hard that everyone in the room can make out each individual muscle.
“Doctor Watson, we have been looking all over for you. They found Martin and apparently he’s going to be okay.”
“I don’t know John, but I really don’t think we should stop. The kissing, it is rather enjoyable.” Though ‘enjoyable’ is a weak term, not expressing the full range of Sherlock’s thought on the subject. As if to add a full stop to his sentence, Sherlock reaches down to where they are so close he can’t see anything and deftly unzips John’s jeans.
, he feels ridiculously sappy. Even Carolyn, Herc and Arthur helped set the mood and in some ways he’d wished his real mum could have joined in, though he thinks that both Carolyn and Mrs. Hudson are certainly tied for ‘best stand in.’
“Well, then.” John says to himself. He gives Barkley one last look then steps over Arley and pushes at the door. Finding it locked, he pushes at the button in the center of the knob until it clicks. He opens it only to be greeted by five policeman pointing guns in his direction and yelling something at him about dropping his weapons. Since he’s unarmed, he raises his hands to his head and drops to his knees instead.
John rests the back of his head against the chair, giving up on any attempt to reciprocate, because when Sherlock is like
Sherlock raises his head slowly, come-fuck-me-eyes half lidded and the bastard has the audacity to lick his lips. “Yes, John?” he asks innocently, his deep baritone proving the lie.
. John thinks it’s all quite lovely, especially seeing as how close Toby has managed to get to him over the past few songs and still remain vertical. He’s aroused, his belly is full and he’s surrounded by people who wouldn’t hesitate to protect him; he would do the same. It’s heady, that type of camaraderie.
Mycroft isn’t going to be very happy about this most recent development; maybe he will send Greg to bail them out instead, since he was already making cryptic remarks about working on holiday; however much he didn’t complain about Sherlock’s cases the way he used to in the time before.
“That Donovan chick is hot,” House mutters from his place at the foot of Ambrose’s bed. (Read: Out of Sherlock’s reach.)
I scratch at her silly ears and she plops down on my chest after breathing her hot-dog smelly puppy breath into my face.
Accept that all of us can be hurt, that all of us can and surely will at times fail. Other vulnerabilities, like being embarrassed or risking love, can be terrifying, too. I think we should follow a simple rule: if we can take the worst,
“I can help,” a deep, velvety voice says from behind John. He looks over his shoulder and takes in the older man. “I’m not really a medic, but I spent some time in medical school.”
Thankful for the hot tea, even at this hour, John busies himself making a cup while Mike and Dale discuss John’s report. When he was starting to feel like he could fall asleep right there, an odd silence falls and he blinks his eyes, his mind registering that the other two men are staring at him.
“All of it.” Closing his eyes against the gentle touch, he is quiet for a moment, completely still. “Actually, the sixth word is fine if you use it sparingly.”
It seems to be what Christopher is waiting for, an answer to a long-ago asked question. He nods sharply and when he turns to them, his eyes are shining with unshed tears. “She’s going to be alright,” he whispers, his eyes finding John’s.
Sherlock waits for him to catch up, foot bouncing against the shiny tile, one hand rubbing the back of his neck, eyes hooded. His entire countenance is screaming ‘exhausted.’
John doesn’t have a chance to find out exactly what the girl means by that statement, however, because a tall, thin man in a ridiculous wool coat has appeared on the kitchen threshold. He is slowly, almost sensuously unaware, pulling off a pair of black leather gloves one long finger at a time. John can feel the demeanor of all four of the spirits change and he drops Ophelia’s hand as if he’s been burnt.
For the next seventy five minutes, Sherlock remains next to John’s bed in supplication, knees and back aching as the chill of the tile seeps in through his thin trousers. He refuses to move because he wants to see the moment John recognizes him, no matter what his reaction is going to be after the fact.
Relaxing his too firm grip from around the steaming paper cup in his hand and taking a deep breath, John mentally prepares himself to have some sort of heart-to-heart discussion with Sherlock that he secretly hopes can be both of those things without being either of them. As per the usual, though, Sherlock beats him to the punch.
Sherlock grins to himself as he hauls his lanky body back into John’s lap, the chair beneath them creaking out its irritation at being used like a gym set. Exhaling slowly, he returns John’s gaze.
This time, Sherlock finds the laughter infectious and a small, shy grin cracks through his rigid facade. “I’m Sherlock,” he offers in a quiet voice.
Greg frowns, head swiveling from where he’s watching his team check out the office back to the dog. The terrier is resting on his haunches now, tongue lolling out of his mouth. Greg’s never seen a four-legged creature look so downright exhausted. Then it clicks. A few days ago, Mycroft said ‘Osprey’ and that huge raptor flying up the steps earlier is certainly no kestrel…
“Hi Ophelia,” he says quietly, noting that the orange and yellow spikes only barely register his voice. “Wow. This thing must really work then,” he turns towards her only to feel a bit unsettled when he realizes he can see the horrid mauve wallpaper on the wall beside them through her striped blouse.
“Goddammit Sherlock! The one time you fuck up, you sure do it in a big way!” Sherrinford shouts as he climbs back to his feet. Next to him, Douglas is knocking the dirt from his clothes, staring at them with a shocked expression. Sherrinford glares at all of them, though John can register the quick mind taking stock of their individual situations. Finally, Sherrinford stares at his brother.
John stiffens his spine and turns away from the Cat, one hand dropping to the small of his back where his gun is tucked carefully beneath his jacket. He doesn’t take it out, however, as he quickly estimates the damage that a rogue bullet could do in here. A squeaky sound from the direction of Sherlock’s bedroom echoes through the sitting room. John takes two steps in order to peer around the corner just as Sherlock gives a hiss; John turns to look at him, takes in the hunched back Halloween cat pose and fur standing on end. The Cat’s mouth is open, ears flat on his head and his teeth are bared. A long, low hiss permeates the air.
. John and Greg know only about the Holmes family what Sherlock and Mycroft have allowed them-and that tiny trickle is nothing like the flood they are receiving now. Even the airplanes up above can’t hold a candle to this.
Sherlock pushes him towards the chairs and busies himself with the tea. “Most of the girls have family who have been searching for them. Though there will be no one to stand trial against, there will be an official ruling of the case that will allow them to receive counselling and such.”
“No.” Sherlock scoffs, holding the ancient pair of trainers out away from his body the same way he’d do a rabid Yorkie.
Sherrinford rests his hand on Douglas’ shoulder; the motion is grounding. Douglas looks up at Sherrinford.
He waits for the laughter to begin; instead he’s pleasantly surprised by a deep voice saying behind him, “It fits you.”
“Sherlock, someone knowing you isn’t a good enough reason to poke holes in a tablecloth, and you know it. You wouldn’t do that at Angelo’s.”
A heavy silence falls about the otherwise empty dining room. Sherlock measures it, then announces, “We will take your case, Victor. I expect you and Grant together here this evening. For now, good day. John.”
After that there’s no more time for teasing before John’s got Sherlock on his back, the two of them kissing like there will be no tomorrow, John’s hands steady as he readies Sherlock’s body to admit him. The darkness beyond the windows and the quiet of their suite are a velvet curtain pushed aside for their passion and whispered declarations of love. John groans and murmurs into his lover’s neck as he grasps Sherlock’s throbbing dick in his hand, once again teasing, teasing until the detective pleads on a murmur, “Please.”
He steps out of the warm cocoon of their bodies and turns towards the loo, knowing Sherlock will follow him. Once there, they strip off quickly and efficiently, John turns on the taps and steps in.
“Sure lock!” Ophelia fake whines, reaching down with one bare foot to poke at his shoulder, forcing him to move one of his hands.
Shortly thereafter, in the tiny hours of the night, John stretches out in his bed that even for its small size is quite a luxury from the one he left behind in his beige bedsit. He’s staring at the ceiling and wondering why the great detective hasn’t yet deduced his lost abilities as easily as he called out his psychosomatic limp; never mind his desperation to be needed, to be useful. Perhaps Sherlock dared not probe too deeply because John did not? At first glance the man seems abrasive and rude…yet there is so much more there, John could feel only the slightest brush of …something he doesn’t yet dare name…against his mind. Perhaps it was an unusual bit of consideration. It’s very difficult for John to believe that Sherlock simply isn’t aware of it. Not for someone who is so omniscient.
John’s fingers dig into his back, from either passion or pain, Sherlock is unsure. For a single heartbeat, Sherlock stops, mind and body waiting on John to say…what, he doesn’t know, but he is patient, even with the pulsing of their Link in his mind, shooting out dark green tendrils so thin as to be transparent, a temporal illusion proving the reality of what is happening.
Kevin Rosenthall, the owner of the Bee and Rose, is a small man, about sixty-five years old. He has a shiny bald pate and a grey goatee, and in John’s estimation at least, he has to have been a boxer at some point in his life. The sleeves of Kevin’s faintly-striped button down are rolled up over bulging forearms, showcasing quite the collection of tattoos. He is talking to Sherlock at the counter while John tries not to seem like he’s snooping overly much.
Now, here I go, starting the story in the middle. I gently push Mrs. Hudson away and she tries to guide me towards the kitchen table. I can’t bring myself to sit there with Nova in my lap, so I ask if it’s okay if I head towards the sofa. She smiles, says it’s fine. While she and Doctor Watson make a pot of tea and discuss
Painfully, light, muted as it is, stabs his eyes and John narrows them with a great effort in order to be greeted with another world-shifting view: a mound of tousled black curls lying on his chest. Further down, he can make out pale skin and the corner of the mole he knows so well.
Grant Monroe-Trevor does not consider himself to be a gambling man. He is not the type to take chances, especially when it comes to his hard-earned money. Grant thinks of himself as a stand-up type of person, a realist, someone who always looks for the facts in a world of opinions. He frowns at the computer screen in front of him, disbelieving the glaring facts that are right in his face in plain black and white.
“Oh!” John exclaims. “Damon’s mad at you because it wasn’t Barry who killed his girlfriend originally. It was Damon killing Barry’s girlfriend, then he murdered the bakery lady when he took off…wow. That’s…something. I don’t even know what that is.”
“Well, you daft idiot, what did he say already?” She doesn’t mean to sound so testy, but she is ready to go home and spend some quality time with her herbal soothers then she’ll see about making sure Mycroft’s cleaning crew doesn’t interrupt any of Sherlock’s mad filing system.
“John, it’s just Mycroft. He wanted to stop by and visit before leading the human sacrifice at the black mass with his coven of blood-suckers tonight, or rather, this morning…”
“Douglas has been waiting, we’ll talk later,” Sherlock assures him with a squeeze of his long fingers.
“Naw, couldn’t be. That Holmes guy, he’ll eatcha’ alive, John. Couldna’ been him.” Dale takes a long drag of the cigarette he’s holding, the dim light of the room glinting off his watch as he does so.
John thinks that Mycroft has probably been exposed to a wide variety of foodstuffs over the years he’s worked ‘for’ the government; probably nothing much fazes him. He makes a mental note to ask him if he’s ever eaten anything real far out, like monkey brains.
The dormouse observes him a few minutes more, primly sitting up on its hind legs with its front paws under its chin. Long whiskers move back and forth as its tiny nose crinkles. With a tiny squeak, it leaves him. John’s eyes follow its skittering form as it scoots right through the open doors that on a closer inspection reveal the larger building around them to be St. Bart's Hospital.
John walks around the steel table and lays the palm of his hand against Sherlock’s forearm. He really doesn’t want Sherlock going nuclear here if he can avoid it. Finally, Barkley backs off a little and the tension between them thins. John takes a deep breath, loudly, and that seems to work on Sherlock, who copies him.
Sherrinford stops cold at the end of the table and eyes Martin with an expression of a man seeing a giant phantom hound suddenly solidify in the mist.
A rumpled copper with a cigarette in his mouth is leaning against one of the walls. John can just make out a glint of silver in a headful of hair that looks as if it’s been a while since it had a date with a comb. The man is mostly in shadow but John can that he’s holding what is presumably a coffee cup in his hands. John observes him a little more closely as he shifts on his feet and thinks that maybe the copper should be mainlining the stuff when he turns his eyes in John’s direction. He looks so exhausted that even if he did, he’d probably only look tired.
In a single movement, John arches his back, bringing his legs up to Sherlock’s waist and locking his ankles together over the supple leather, effectively pulling Sherlock down to him. He lets himself fall back down on the table, dragging his hard cock over the front of Sherlock’s trousers as he does so. Sherlock gasps almost silently and shifts so that his hands are now flat on the table on either side of John’s shoulders. John ducks his head and plants tiny, soft nips against the skin of Sherlock’s neck wherever he’s able to reach, talking between each one.
Doing someone else’s job and not taking any sort of kudos for it is one of the things John has been meaning to talk to him about. Mike and Dale seem to be of the belief that some sort of latent power buried deep in John’s psyche has been set free and he sure he won’t be able to keep up that lie much longer. Eventually, something big is going to crop up and there’s no way he’ll be able to deliver and being alone and penniless in London right now would be a very bad idea.
It was the day I lost my left boot. Such a stupid thing, too, you know? I’d been sitting and hadn’t realized that the laces had come undone. This slow drizzle had been coming down all day and since my rear was parked on a cold bench in the park all day I hadn’t had much time to pay attention to my footwear.
“Aye, mate, who are you?” the copper with the silver hair asks as he pulls up a section of the police tape in order to bend beneath it. Up close, John admits he’s certainly striking but the image of Sherlock and moonlight is now burned into his brain.
Then there’s something that sounds like a growl and the two men walk in through the exit door. One of them has slammed it the rest of the way open and it creaks on its hinges as it smacks off the gray wall. John keeps his eyes on the floor because he’s afraid he’s going to burst out laughing like a deranged hyena. The voices grow louder and he can make out three sets of footsteps: Mycroft’s calm, everything-in-the-universe-is-mine stride, an unknown, flat-footed one that brings with it the jingle of keys, as well as another set that can only be described as a ground-covering swagger.
John decides that he still wants to kiss him, so he does, fighting the urge to say the stupid word out loud.
Nothing special? John wonders. What is that supposed to mean? He doesn’t ask, though, instead, as he pushes away from the table, he says, “I see.”
Sherlock impulsively wraps his arms around John’s shoulders and drags him in tight, pressing the injured man snugly against his chest. Sherlock curls over him so that John’s face is against Sherlock’s shoulder, Sherlock’s nose buried in the hair above John’s ear.
The most amazing thing about it is that each and every single time Sherlock responds positively. Sometimes his answers are short, like if he’s in the middle of a book or an experiment, other times he has the tendency to talk for an hour at a time—exactly as he does when they are together. During these communications, however, the difference is the blatant
As your narrator finds herself completely sober except for the slowly draining effects of caffeine, the audience needs to be aware of the sound rumbling down the hallway outside of House’s office. The rumbling sound is being caused by a large set of bare feet slapping against the shiny linoleum that belong to Gregory House.
They slowly make their way down the ladder and out the front door. John helps Victor settle on the bench in front of the house while Sherlock moves a few steps away and sends a text on his phone. He decides not to worry about it too much in lieu of ensuring Victor is alright, though it is already obvious that the man is in shock.
John really laughs this time. Granted, he and Mycroft are more friends now than enemies, but it is still hilarious to hear someone else get his goat. Sherlock frowns at him, then cracks a crooked smile, too. To think, John considers, that he thought his life was ridiculous before…
“No,” Sherlock drawls, “but I obviously can’t stop you anymore than I can stop you from eating anything with the word ‘cake’ in its name when it is presented to you.” He taps his fingertips on the worn carpet as if timing a melody only he can hear.
Sherlock huffs a short chuckle. John decides to sit back and enjoy the ride, wherever it is going to take him. When they pull up in front of St. Bart’s hospital, John starts to enquire whether he should follow, but Sherlock answers him by gesturing towards the building as he pays the cabbie. He strides ahead, intent on his purpose.
When no one answers him, he continues. “So when this bloke, I think he is a Midshipman…anyway, he starts carrying on about how some London detective got his brother locked up and doing twenty for knockin’ off his old lady. Of course I knew exactly who he was talking about. I didn’t say anything. He just goes on and on. I knew him for another Were as soon as I ran into him, but I had no idea how…what’s the word?” Victor scratches at the stubble on his chin. “Deranged. That’s it. I had no idea how deranged he was. It wasn’t until later that I put it together that he’d managed to murder two people in the three days were on shore leave.
She regards him shrewdly, eyes narrowed, mouth tight. “You promise me that you aren’t trying to get him in the cockpit because he’s your most recent fling?” Carolyn taps her light pink fingernails on the small café table between them. “Of course, it still remains to be seen if he can
Sherlock has more or less tuned out everyone as his eyes scan the sky. John knows full well he’s still irritated at the way Sergeant Barkley dismissed him and what he had to say about the dead woman. He studies his partner for a few minutes, sometimes wishing he could see into that brain, study the cogs and wheels that he knows are running at full tilt—even as the detective is hyper aware of everyone and everything around him.
“Sherlock…Sherlock stop,” he grits out, almost regretting the words, but this isn’t how they agreed this would end. Pulling off with a hint of teeth, not enough to cause pain, only enough for John to feel the danger he’s put himself into, Sherlock resumes his original position, only this time he rests his hands on John’s thighs.
The tremors roll to a stop and John sits up next to Sherlock, yanking him forward in order to inspect him for damage. He wipes at the debris and dust on Sherlock’s shoulders. There are a few minor cuts and scrapes on his legs, and one on his cheek. John's fared only slightly better, though he thinks his palms are going to be bruised from hitting the tarmac full force. The others are in similar shape.
Sherrinford shrugs. “What do you want to know?” He frowns then turns to Mycroft. “Still keeping secrets, eh, brother dear?”
Well. Victor pushes himself away from the wall and through the creaky door of the shed. He claps his hands together in order to get the dust and grime off of them, then pats the pocket of his camel colored coat where he’s stashed the large wad of money. Sighing, he adjusts his red tie and looks down to be sure the rest of his clothes are spotless. Since they’re heading in the direction of Kevin’s place, Victor decides he’ll go back around the long way and meet them there. He knows full well he won’t be able to dupe the detective for long; perhaps, though, if he can get his side of the story in first, just maybe he’ll be able to save himself and his marriage and be able to fix his mistake before anyone truly gets hurt.
Victor’s eyes fall to the money. “Mr. Holmes, I have a problem and I’m wondering if you would help me with it. That money is going to be spent one way or the other. I’d prefer it to go towards your fee.”
“This is Mary Beth,” Janey indicates the little girl on the table. The little girl beams up at all of them, a joyful little gap-toothed expression only marred by the fact John can see the table through her.
They move towards each other at the same time, their mouths meeting in a tangle of tongues and lips, their kiss growing more passionate and less tentative. Sherlock deftly unzips John’s fly and tugs his jeans down enough to pull most of his cock from his pants. With the thrill of discovery, Sherlock carefully wraps his hand around it and ever so slowly tugs.
“Come for me,” John’s words buzz in hot little arrows against Sherlock’s neck and then the side of his jaw as his spine arches and he calves tighten around John’s hips. John slows his thrusts but only to drag out his lover’s pleasure. When Sherlock is panting, kissing him sloppily and digging those long fingers into his shoulders, John finds his rhythm again; three, four long, exquisite thrusts and he spills into the man he’s loved almost from the first time their eyes met.
“I’ve got an idea, wanna tromp over to the hangar with me and take a look at my plane? John, you sure seemed a bit enamored of her…and she’s done now, ready to fly tomorrow.”
All in a single motion, Sherlock rises, plants himself beside and a little behind John; he shrugs, which is apparently all the answer John is going to get. Sherlock leans on him heavily. All three of them pretend not to notice, just as they absolutely do not notice how he’s faintly rubbing his cheek against the spot between John’s shoulder blades. Well, at least Mycroft is ignoring the incredibly possessive catlike behavior; John thinks there’s an awful lot of his body parts that are responding to the simple movement. He sighs wearily.
“That is what I intend to find out. I will contact you tomorrow.” With that, Sherlock moves across the kitchen in a graceful whirl, Ophelia close on his heels.
Victor moans and wraps his legs around Sherlock’s hips, greatly encouraged to find him already hard and wanting.
“So yeah, I’m a coward. But I’ll take my lumps as I earn them. I should have told, should have turned him in, but the thing is, after that night he disappeared. Until my next leave, which began a little over eight weeks ago tonight.”
I learned a long time ago that if you live on the street, you suddenly become an un-person. Sometimes people look at you, but it’s generally with an expression of annoyance like you’ve stepped in a pile of dog poo somewhere or some drunk looks at me like I’m his dessert. Yeah, that’s happened. I know it’s happened to a couple of the guys, too. At least that’s what Billy told me happened to that little bloke, Kyle.
“I tried to calm her, Sherlock, but she is really concerned about her nephew. Apparently he went AWOL from his ship over a month ago, I can’t imagine the trouble he’s going to land in, once they find him…” John is fully aware he’s babbling but cannot seem to stop it.
John is so busy watching his daughter that he forgets his turn to peg. Mrs. Hudson completely skunks him in the meantime. John looks at the board, raises up his hands and admits defeat while Mrs. Hudson does a silly victory wiggle in her chair.
Second Fact: Sherlock is getting the distinct impression that if he were to push just a bit harder, he might be able to get John to break down and tell him
Sherlock shrugs, stares down at their hands linked together. He is more out of his depth now that he was two days ago when he was in the middle of being taken by surprise at Moriarty deep-throating a handgun. “Moriarty is dead.”
Wilson’s eyes light up in recognition. He turns to look at House over his shoulder, then back to Sherlock. “Ah.” Apparently, that’s the best he can do under the circumstances.
“John, it means that even though the kidnappers are asking for such a small ransom amount, they took the time to really
Both boys fall silent, Sherlock in the bed, Mycroft standing behind their mother with his arms at his sides.
John stands up and goes around to where Sherlock is sitting. He pokes him on the shoulder. Sherlock finally looks up, his eyes practically crossing from the effort. John sighs and pulls a neat leather case of out of the pocket of his light-blue shirt. He holds the case out for Sherlock who reaches into it with two fingers and withdraws a neat pair of frameless eyeglasses.
The blond man’s expression brightens in surprise. “Oh my god, there’s no doubt now,” he says while he stares at Martin.
Sherlock tosses it against the wall where it sticks like monster spit or maybe some strange new type of chewing gum that tastes like black licorice. Either way, it begins to come apart from the force. Sherlock gently takes the bottom side of it and slides it down the wall until another clue is revealed.
“Don’t start any wars with the Americans, Mycroft, they are quite boorish and tend to be trigger-happy.” Sherlock stage-mutters as he flips the little square of paper over in his fingers.
“You are more than welcome, Martin,” Douglas rumbles. He scoots his chair around the table so that they are now sitting side-by-side looking out over the roof and the airfield. There is only a little bit of movement on the field below them, people walking back and forth, some of them talking. Martin sips his wine.
“Just me. I was…I was checking on you.” She takes a couple of steps closer, unconsciously reaching out.
When we return to our story, we find two geniuses standing around the bed of a third genius. Ambrose Monk, the Mycroft to Adrian’s Sherlock. Poor Ambrose is terribly frightened and is still out cold.
“John, she’s alright.” Sherlock strides through the door, his eyes effortlessly sweeping over the gaggle of machines that surround the girl lying amongst the tubes and pillows there.
Between the two of them, it goes without saying that John had absolutely no idea at the time whether Sherlock could handle a gun, let alone his antique-but-still-in-excellent-condition service weapon.
“Wait a minute,” John says aloud, “Whatever it is, I gave you my worst, right? So let’s be on an even keel here, alright? I’m not here to judge you, Sherlock, whatever happened.”
She grins from ear to ear. “Thanks Daddy,” she says primly. “Uncle Greg got it for me in the gift shop, then I had some popcorn and do you know, Daddy, that someone told me I had a funny accent today, Daddy.”
John’s never felt so much like smacking him in the back of the head before. If he could reach it, that is.
Sensing no danger, however, John turns on his heel to be greeted by Sherlock, in the buff, perched in his chair, long legs crossed modestly and an honestly surprised look on his face.
“Get yourself cleaned up, Sherlock, I’ve a job for you.” Mycroft gracefully stands, one hand smoothing down his waistcoat, the gold band on his finger glinting in the soft new sunlight peeking through the torn curtain over the only window in the room.
John glances back towards the kitchen then up to Sherlock, who is wearing a smug grin that wouldn’t look out of place on a shark after a feeding frenzy. “Go on, then,” he says, finding a matching grin being plastered across his face.
The detective finally looks up at him and sighs wearily. “I still have more to tell you,” he shakes his head, “If you are still inclined to listen.”
“They spoke to you?” Mike asks, his eyes open in amazement and a jovial grin spreading across his round face. After putting the tray of tea things on the coffee table in front of the sofa, he grasps John by the shoulder before shoving at Dale’s feet and taking the end of the couch for himself. Dale grumbles a bit then sits up.
Sherlock seems uninclined to speak so John goes back and forth from watching him drive to looking out the windows. The sun is slowly sinking in the sky, John unconsciously taking note when they leave the busy streets of London and head out towards the country. There are less cars on the road now and even less things to see, so with the hum of the engine, he allows himself to fall into a doze.
The detective makes to leave the room and John strands and clutches whatever he can grab; it turns out to be a shirt sleeve. “Listen. I’ve not told anyone about some of that. Let me…” he trails off, the soft material of Sherlock’s button-down slipping through his fingers. He steps back, returns to his chair and takes a deep breath.
They eventually have dinner sent up to the room. Mrs. Hudson and Sophie head back down to the pool and Martin finds himself hoarse from talking so much. John fetches him a pair of John’s own p.j’s and Martin crawls into the sofa bed completely exhausted but feeling more connected than he has in a very long time.
Look, I’ll be right back, okay? Just need to use the loo. Be a love and move that chair for me? Thank you. Ugh. Could you just tie that boot lace for me, too, please? Sorry, I just can’t reach it right now. Alright, I’ll be right back.
“What’s this?” he asks the room in general just as Martin stammers out a positive answer to Sherrinford’s question.
Sherlock wants to growl at his brother, he really, really does but he’s so busy trying to capture the exact feeling of John’s warm fingers lightly scratching at his scalp that the only sound that comes out is a weak sigh.
“I had already planned on coming to you with my little dilemma. I hadn’t expected Grant to find out so quickly. I thought I had more time.”
“Watch me! It’s really nothing!” Janey calls as she dips her finger into the pile and then licks at it with her tongue. She’s almost solid right now and Ophelia almost forgets what she really is.
“Yes, Sherlock. Yes,” John says out loud, since he is unable to piece together any coherent thought as Sherlock fingers him into oblivion.
“We want to thank you for helping him.” Daphne addresses both of them with a turn of her head. Sherlock accepts her gratitude quietly, his eyes on the bed where Anya is moving a little.
Sherlock raises the eyebrow on the side nearest to John and steps closer to the Incredible Hulking Angryman.
Sherlock finds himself suddenly interested in several short blond hairs on John’s toes. He picks at them carefully until John nudges him with his foot.
(Nothing goes wrong on planet Earth for that time. There’s no earthquakes, no tsunamis, no freak storms, nothing.)
Bleh! I hate this decaf stuff. I know, needs must and all that. As soon as this little bundle decides to be home free, I’m waiting about five minutes and I am begging for some real tea.
Desire. There’s certainly no shortage of it here if what is poking against John’s thigh is any indication.
Sherlock is wearing nothing but a fluffy white towel slung over his slim hips and a giggling female version of himself against his bare chest. He cocks an eyebrow and grins his
Barely aware, Sherlock’s deep timbre breaks and cracks on a scream like a man in the throes of denial steeped in the darkness of long-held grief.
Before stepping through the door, however, Mycroft turns and offers a real smile to Sherlock. “Congratulations, kitten.”
John comes so close to dropping the boiling hot tea kettle on his own foot that he doesn’t see Sherlock move until the taller man has one hand splayed out on his chest and the other wrapped around the handle of the kettle. John tries to pass the incident off with a shiver and a jaw-cracking yawn even as he leans into the heat of that broad palm on his chest.
I wish I understood his words. They are so much different from the others. Sometimes when there is still daylight left, he takes a tiny square thing out of his trousers and speaks very quietly into it. His words are short and cut-off like he is making notes of something for himself.
A little bell rings out merrily, causing Ruthie and Kevin to jump from their seats. Kevin nods at them before taking off for the front counter.
Martin’s eyes widen when he realizes they aren’t going to make fun of him. “Yeah, actually I do.” He looks between the two men, tries to pretend he is studying the planes more than their reactions. Vaguely, he wonders to himself why what they think even
Sherlock doesn’t look up again, even to see if his line of utter shite has had any effect; for that small mercy John is grateful, because he’s watching as the detective’s finger traces down the page and back up to the top. He tries to convince himself that Sherlock absolutely does not look delectable with his legs folded and his head bowed, an icon of genius and curiosity.
DI Gregory Lestrade stands outside the black wooden door, his eyes on the ground and his ears pricked for anything happening beyond it, trying to hold in his gasping breath from sprinting up the steps. Beyond the landing where he stands, there is a very telling lack of sound. Too telling. It looks as if the text sent to his phone twenty minutes ago was right on the money. He slams the side of his fist against the door again, hoping beyond hope that it’s not in vain.
But that’s not entirely true, is it? John asks himself. Since Sherlock came home, as he prefers to think about the time Sherlock was
The giant, sensing that a quarry of some type is about to get away, steps in front of the door and crosses his ship’s mast arms and widens his stance on tree-trunk legs that John is sure end in feet so large he’s had to have his shoes made special order. The big man’s T-shirt tightens across his chest and he grins mischievously at both of them.
John’s quiet solidarity seems to do what his words will not. When they get back to their room it is to find out that they are alone. Sherlock follows John to the bedroom, shedding his clothing as he walks.
He hears the inner door open between the two halves of the suite. Small, soft footsteps cross the carpet and the thin mattress dips as Sophie clambers up beside him.
From his stubbornly held spot on the floor not five feet from John’s side, Sherlock regards John’s sweaty countenance, his trembling body and the V-shaped vein standing up in the center of his forehead over severely furrowed brows. Deep creases have appeared at the sides of his mouth; his bottom lip is puffy where he’s just bitten into it.
John shakes his head, awake enough now to cope. He looks around them, at the trees and the neatly trimmed grass growing along the gravelly lane. Up ahead he can make out where the road splits to the left; that’s where the cottage in question is located. If they were to pass the turn-off, they would head straight to Grant and Victor’s house, then beyond that, the Bee and Rose, a quaint but well-known bed and breakfast in this area.
In turn, he is coolly assessing them and John knows full well he’s looking for buttons to push. John clears his throat to remind him that they really need to play nice with the Americans—not to mention it looks as if they are armed to the teeth.
“Be glad that was your back and not lower down,” John states blandly, basking in the quiet moment with his family.
John joins him, his eyes following the shape Sherlock is tracing on Maya’s left collarbone. There’s a long, thin cut there that doesn’t look like any knife wound he’s ever seen. He leans down, unconsciously mimicking Sherlock’s earlier movement, and takes in the ragged edges and the depth of the injury that makes a line from Maya’s collar back towards her shoulder.
. John hands Nova down to him and she goes through her entire greeting routine again. I’ve got the distinct impression I’ve just found her a new home, but it’s probably best to make Sherlock think it was his decision. John cocks an eyebrow in my direction. All I can do is shrug and wish that I could feel the smile I’ve plastered on my face. It feels too fake, so I let it drop.
“Alright, you big git. You know how closely I toe the line with keeping my job, so you’ve got to get out of the way.”
Sherlock tilts his face into John’s palm; the action is greeted by an almost-imperceptible intake of breath from above him.
Martin stops as his throat tightens up. John gives him the most compassionate look of understanding he’s ever received and the tears that threatened earlier finally spill over. “Oh god,” he mumbles, wiping at his face.
He shoves his hands into the pockets of his trousers, gleefully noting that John’s eyes follow the movement. His husband looks up into his face with a slightly guilty expression but Sherlock only smirks. “It seems they were both kidnapped simultaneously.”
“Can it, Princess.” John says as he finds himself a seat at the conference table in the corner. He chuckles when Sherlock shoots him the evil eye.
Being alone has never been a problem for Douglas, but for some reason he’s chosen today to realize just how
“No, I’m sorry I don’t.” Martin takes his seat next to Douglas again; the older man senses a bit of his anguish and so scoots a little closer.
“You know what that was, don’t you?” John queries, settling back against the headboard, overcome with exhaustion as if he’d been up for days without rest.
Out of all the things he says, the only thing I understand is that he says his name is Thomas, but I do not wholly believe him. All I know for certain about him is that he is older than Momma was, has short brown hair, blue eyes and when he comes to this room there is no pain like with the others. Thomas doesn’t hurt me; he often does strange things like last night.
he is doing. In reality, he’s reassuring himself that the Osprey’s scythe-like talons came nowhere near Sherlock’s feline skull. John pulls a few bits of dried leaves and a tiny twig from under the silky curls, but finds nothing more. No bumps, lumps or soft spots, everything seems well. In a minute he’s going to stop pretending to be
Sherlock strokes John along with John’s bobbing head and it takes almost no time at all before Sherlock huffs and climaxes so hard that John chokes. John pulls off to rest his face on Sherlock’s thigh as Sherlock continues to stroke him slowly. Sherlock groans when he feels John swallow against his leg.
John can’t stop the laugh before it’s already out. “Who would have ever thought you’d be such a hit with the younger generation?”
“Yes, John, I’m right here.” Martha leans towards the bed, hoping to hide the wince when her hip twinges, but both men catch it.
but he’s ignored by Sherlock. Lestrade smiles, but his looks nothing like the one Sally just gave Wilson---much less predatory and much more three parts exasperated and one part
John’s breath is now coming in gasps, his lungs still needing to draw in oxygen, even though he is sure, in that moment, that he has no heart to pump the blood needed to move the oxygen around his body.
Once Sherlock gets the door unlocked—at least that much has changed, because last time they were here, everything was wide open—he steps up to the threshold and turns towards John. The wooden door creaks on its hinges as Sherlock grabs it to keep it from banging against the side of the house.
“Look,” John says in his best captain voice. “My partner cannot help you. No one in the world reads a crime scene the way he can, I can confirm that.” He lets his tone soften around the edges. “However, he cannot: A. work a crime scene that no longer exists, and B. read evidence that has been washed away.”
“No problem, Mycroft and I were planning on spending some time with Sophie today, anyhow. Martin, want to tag along?”
“You are quite obsessed with shoes lately, John,” Sherlock drawls, lacing his fingers together on top of the menu, easily changing the subject.
John stands on the landing in front of their flat, at the top of the seventeen steps, with the door flung open wide, pondering. The place is much neater than usual, even when he was inhabiting the space alone. He’s got a pretty good idea that the orderly appearance of the flat to Mycroft in some way. Strange how the feeling of it has changed so much in just a few days: from desolate to welcoming. What is even odder is the prickling sensation in his brain that if things would have been different, he would not be here at all.
“Yes, John, you assumed Mycroft and I were the only siblings.” Sherlock states, his eyes on Sophie as she leans forward into Martin’s space. She’s as intent in her scrutiny of this new relative as Sherlock was earlier.
It takes a minute to process that she’s speaking to him because he’s still desperately Reaching out towards Sherlock or the Cat or whichever form he happens to be in right now. John’s starting to get upset and it must show on his face because the paramedic disappears and a young constable’s appears in her place.
. Using the heels of his hands, he wipes hateful tears from his face and forces himself to meet the other man’s eyes. Right then, John decides that he can’t do it anymore so he lets his Shield drop. It’s physically and emotionally costing too much to keep it in place right now, after everything, and it is time to admit that after he mutely watched the Cat jump out his bedroom window, he
Sherrinford moves closer, holds out his hand. Martin reaches for it meekly then is swept up in a massive bear hug. Sherrinford has pulled him right out of his chair.
John hears ‘bored’ loud and clear in that ridiculous sound. He rolls his eyes and nudges Sherlock’s foot with his hand.
“Ophelia?” he asks, blinking, chin balanced on his knees. His dazed expression takes ten years from his face and she can’t help but rest her palm against his cheek. He tries to look up at her and winces from the crook in his neck and quickly reaching up to grasp it lightly with his fingers. She’s almost fully corporeal at this hour.
“Don’t worry, we’ve got enough for everybody,” Thirteen announces as Captain moves to allow her into the room. She’s got a cardboard drink carrier filled with about a hundred and fifty coffee-chia-latte-mocha-expensive--
John agrees as his body relaxes in Sherlock’s arms, his mind at peace and his body satisfied that the Bond they have just created will only become stronger for the time they have already experienced and have yet to see.
“Mmmm…..that’s good. Wish I wouldn’t have polished off a stack of burgers earlier, I could go for some of that right now.” Toby laughs, resting a hand beneath John’s chin.
“Ungh…” Sherlock supplies. Sophie giggles. John is quite amused because as difficult as it is to get Sherlock
Fact: over the past few days, John has almost dropped the kettle on himself twice, walked backwards into one of the officers working the crime scene when he was talking to Sherlock, who was chasing some evidence in the opposite direction; granted, Sherlock had been crawling on the carpet on all fours, but still…to top it off, John has been Sending random feelers out along their Link.
Martin smiles. “It’s hard to overcome that, Douglas, and you’ve obviously done it. So, proud, yeah.”
“So, you see, Mr. Holmes, my nephew has been AWOL for two months now and I was hoping…” Mable, their client, sobs politely into the pink handkerchief she’s clutching in her hand like a life preserver. “He’s such a gentle soul, there’s no way he’ll survive a Court Martial…”
John decides that Ruthie certainly told the truth, because how often do you see someone with smooth cocoa-colored skin and blue eyes the color of a sunny winter’s day?
Sherlock has no idea how to respond. How is it possible to receive adoration when he was expecting anger?
John manages to tug off his last sock and clambers up and into Sherlock’s lap, carefully lowering himself and bending his knees slowly in order to not hurt either one of them. He is still a bit achy but can’t bring himself to be bothered at the moment because Sherlock’s hand is wrapping around the back of his neck and Sherlock’s hot tongue is swiping at his lips and John is moaning into the kiss and opening his mouth and his mind to his lover.
) and a certain World’s Only (ha!) Consulting Detective is still perched on said desk, long legs crossed in front of him, posh bespoke shoes daintily tucked beneath his knees.
“I don’t…I was the one who said ‘shoot him’ remember?” John’s voice wobbles slightly at the end of his question. He grinds his teeth and shifts his stance by spreading his feet shoulder-width apart then yanks off the lab coat he’s inadvertently worn home from the clinic today.
Douglas walks away from the table, hoping that he is hiding his trembling limbs. His fingers feel strangely warm where he shook Martin’s hand. He berates himself, thinking it is ridiculous to be acting like silly teenager. Granted, the red-head is absolutely gorgeous, and hopefully as unattached as he seems to be. Douglas will certainly be looking forward to lunch. Surely the Fates have smiled on him today.
Sherlock’s breath hitches and he’s caught between pulling away and simply letting the tears welling in his eyes fall. John takes the choice out of his hands by tightening his hold and placing a petal soft, sweetly innocent kiss right on Sherlock’s mouth. Once he stops being stunned, Sherlock kisses him back but otherwise does not move. John breaks the kiss, moving so that their mouths no longer touch but their respirations mingle.
And that’s the crux of the matter, really. From the first day, the first hour, hell, the very first five seconds! John trusted Sherlock. Unreservedly. Unashamedly.
John slips into his jacket and adjusts it so that it doesn’t pull too tightly over his back and expose his gun. Both Weres regard him from the door, the Cat side-eyeing the Dog as if he can’t believe he’s sharing the same space with him.
Sherlock stands to leave but Mummy grips his arm with amazing strength. “Are you well, my son, besides…”
Sherlock reflects on how easy it is to destroy everything they’ve been building up between them in forty-eight hours. He gazes back at John, this time not schooling his features into the ‘I don’t care’ expression; instead he leaves himself wide open for whatever attack John needs to make upon his person. Sherlock will not fight back, not this time. To his ears, his own shaky exhalation is proof of his shattered world view, his ruined self-worth and his devastated heart.
Later that evening, John will explain to Mrs. Hudson that the poor college student running the wind tunnel display was backed into a corner by Sherlock’s, well for want of a better word,
After a moment of pleasantries and knowing looks from the pleasant older lady who answered Sherlock’s knock, they are first shown around her flat then led upstairs to the one on the second floor. Mrs. Hudson unlocks the door and opens it wide, allowing them both to see inside simultaneously.
Sherlock scoffs. “I’d have thought that place would finally be left to crumble to bits alone by now.”
For his part, John studies the two men as if they are another static exhibit. Sherlock is explaining with gestures and quiet statements why they were prowling through the place and Sherrinford is leaning against the aircraft, listening intently. He has put the welding rod down and turned off the machine, so their almost-matching deep voices echo off the cinderblock walls. He’s also taken off his welding helmet and holds it in his hand, casually bouncing it against his thigh as he converses.
…he struggles against the feeling, gasping into the oxygen mask over his face until the frizzy mop flips over and…
“Word?” John recrosses his arms over his chest and looks around the boxy cell before it comes to him, “Coincidence?”
Sherlock primly peels a hard-boiled egg while Sophie polishes off what’s left of his bacon. Mycroft has been studying his brothers for a while, not saying anything but taking small sips from his tea cup. John and Greg chat amicably while Martin just looks gobsmacked.
I am sure I am too disgusting to look at, that’s why I’m not allowed out of this room. I sit on the floor because I hate the bed. It’s much easier for the cleaning woman who comes later to change the sheets this way, but she never comes after Thomas visits me. I don’t know why. That’s what he is doing, I think, visiting me.
Sherlock thaws, spins on the spot and narrows his eyes at her, everything about his expression saying
Mycroft starts to speak but Sherlock interrupts him by waving an impatient hand over the table. “Tell them.”
2 Jan 2015: changed the name of Barkley's brother simply because it was bugging me to have it so close to Sherrinford's son's name.
“I thought…” Sherrinford blinks, “Hell! I don’t even know what I thought…I saw him with that security guard that came in a few minutes ago. Maybe they went out the emergency exit.”
“Dr. Watson,” Sherrinford steps closer and holds out his hand for John to shake. John wonders if this is what Sherlock’s voice is going to sound like as he matures: like someone dumped melted chocolate over black velvet. There’s an odd, lilting quality to it, like Sherrinford is pleased to be surrounded by the world in general.
The old woman stands over by the wall and watches me clean myself from the basin I get after I eat the soup. I’ll save my bread for later, she lets me do that. The old woman never says anything at all. Nothing about the night or the days or the lack of
The policeman turns away from John and John follows his gaze towards two figures on the ground. Obviously, the one laid out flat is the victim and the other one, surprise, surprise, is Sherlock Holmes. He peers around to see if Ophelia is anywhere in sight.
“Hi John!” The redheaded girl laughs as she points at the boy. “This is James and his sister Janey.”
Martin is stretched out on the floor in front of the sofa where Douglas sits, his hands resting on the top of Douglas’ socked feet. He’s no longer wearing the plaster cast on his leg, but a lighter walking cast, and he has to keep his foot propped up as much as possible, even this far past the injury. Mycroft had offered a couple of small pillows for the task and Martin accepted them graciously, glad to get off it for a while.
“I know we’ve not actually talked about it, and I will not ask. Not you.” He pauses, dramatically taking control of the situation again. “I’ve done my best not to read it on you, but sometimes things are too obvious for me to miss. Somewhere deep down, you believed you couldn’t see the corporeal spiritual manifestations on this plane—yet you’ve been able to see and to sense Ophelia from the first time you were near her…so much so that you have unknowingly called her to your side.”
“Oh!” Molly says, her hands covering her mouth. “I didn’t know there were…” she trails off, her eyes following the line of the nasty wound. She pales a little.
Sherlock counts Mycroft’s footsteps and remains insolently on his stomach until he knows his brother has had time to leave the house. Rolling over, he thinks that maybe this time it wasn’t worth it.
John gives her a curt head-tuck and relaxes. He waits for Sherlock to chime in with some sort of correction, but instead he says:
After the body had been taken to the morgue, it was discovered that what they believed to be the pilot of the little plane that crashed and burned is actually an unknown female.
“No, don’t apologize,” Sherlock grumbles out loud, leaning back again. “And, no, Ospreys generally only summer here.” Mentally, he tells John,
She flicks the light off, relocks the swinging doors and follows Sherlock into her tiny office where she finds him huddled on the two-seater sofa that sits across from the door. She has to walk past it to get to her very neat desk, but instead of sitting in her chair, she sits on the desk itself and folds her hands together in her lap.
“No,” John answers, slipping on a pair of gloves in order to look closer at her fingernails. He holds her right hand up so that it catches the light, carefully chipping off some of the nail polish still adhering. “No Mee’s lines, either. I don’t think she was poisoned or drugged, Sherlock. Sadly, except for the broken bones and the pain that would have produced, she seems to have been cared for, relatively speaking.”
Christopher regards them wordlessly, brown eyes alight with an inner fire. “Sam and Daphne, this is Doctor Watson and Mister Holmes.”
John tears at the ruined t-shirt and manages to locate where the bullet struck Murphy. The doctor is lucky, because it looks as if the projectile managed to avoid his heart and lungs. John sits up to inform him of the fact when there’s a burning sensation in his shoulder and he’s thrown forward over Murphy. The last thing he remembers is the sound of reinforcements joining in the fire fight. Seconds before he goes completely unconscious, he manages to open up his Shield enough so that Toby can hear him.
So many hours, there must be days and nights, but I don’t see anything at all. They believe me mute since I stopped talking before I was let in this room, already hurting and afraid. Words make me afraid, so there’s no point in using them, really. I saw a tapestry in a book long ago when Momma was…well, when she
“Yes.” Sherlock levels his gaze at John for a moment before saying anything else. “My only promise to you is that all of this will make sense once I’ve shown you what I need you to see.”
“In the beginning.” Sherlock pauses, pushes a stray hair off the top of John’s ear, feels the heat in his face and knows he’s blushing like an idiot but says it anyway. “Though I do believe many people would consider us to have been dating since the third or fourth case.”
Well, and the puppy Mycroft brought home two days ago. Ophelia likes the pup well enough, but she’s never been much of a dog person and has less idea what to really do to train him even more so than Sherlock knows what to do when it is just the two of them at home. She didn’t even name him, Sherlock did, calling him ‘Redbeard’ so she just kept it.
It is fairly obvious to both Sherlock and John that neither of the other men are seeing anything but each other. Sherlock squeezes Martin’s shoulder once more and follows John out of the room. They are silent until the lift doors close with a thud.
He watches Sherlock, though, never taking his eyes off him even as his fingers fiddle with the EVP meter in his pocket because it just started beeping at him and he doesn’t really want to draw attention to himself for fear that he’ll be told that he has no business being there. The rain begins to slack off as Sherlock stands up from where he’s been kneeling beside the body on the pavement for the past fifteen minutes.
John enters the cantina through the side door, leaving Alan Murphy to finish one last fag by himself, since John keeps trying to quit. It’s been a busy day, plenty of injuries but thankfully not many casualties; as far as this place goes, then, that counts as a plus. Johns come straight from the medical tent, so he’s still in his tan scrub bottoms, but he’s pulled off his shirt so that he can mingle without looking too out of place.
“Alright, I’m going to be wrong, but what the hell,” John drops his eyes to the table and fiddles with the corner of his menu. “The footprints on the floor in that big empty room—none of them matched the shoes Grant was wearing yesterday.”
This, more than Sherlock’s voice or posture tells Mycroft everything he needs to know about the state of Sherlock’s heart, a separate entity that reacts in its own way, regardless of the state of his
With great control he takes a deep breath. In the mind palace, he firmly closes a door but does not lock it. In his subconscious, he’ll wear the antique brass key on a chain around his neck, yet, in the waking world, the key will be in the new melody they are slowly composing
Finally, she chuckles, hugs him briefly and vanishes. He moves his arm to be sure she’s really gone, then closes his eyes and brings his hands to his mouth. Admitting that he was at first devastated then delighted that John is unaware of the amount of psychic power he gives off like radiation was the first step a process that is very clear to him now. This new discovery is going to change
In the work area of what Sherlock insists on calling “Molly’s Morgue,” John is watching Sherlock out of the corner of his eye as the detective is flitting between the two bodies laid out on the stainless steel tables on either side of him. Their smooth caramel-and-cream skin has taken the washed-out, bruised-looking hue of the not-so-recently dead. Every so often, his green eyes glaze over a little bit—not enough that most people would even notice it, but along with each pause comes an accompanying feeling of restlessness down their Link.
Sherlock makes an attempt to stare him down, green eyes flashing beneath a mop of frizzy curls as he pulls on his coat then sulkily shoves his hands into the pockets.
“Is there a good reason…and it better be a good reason, Sherlock, that you went into my room and took my journal from my bedtable?” John is seething now, Sending red hot flashes of ire down their Link that seems stretched so very thin right at this moment. He is finding it difficult to believe that there could possibly be anything in that book that Sherlock doesn’t already intuitively
the planes in the sky, he drags John towards it with ever increasing fervor. Most people would have jet leg, Sherlock has
John frowns as he ties the sash for his hunter green bathrobe, trying to remember what he could have been dreaming about…oh. A hazy memory of Toby surfaces for a second before he reburies it deep in his mind just as quickly.
“You call yourself a ghost hunter,” Sherlock snarks, sounding vaguely amused. He’s produced a cigarette and a silver lighter from somewhere and now he’s leaning against the brick house, taking a drag. The fag is tightly clamped in one corner of his mouth and he’s talking out of the other one. A lazy tendril of smoke hangs in the air between them. The neighborhood is quiet, the majority of its residents sleeping.
With a hearty laugh, Victor steps out the door, closing it firmly behind him. Then, finally, they’re alone.
“I can think of only two things, really,” John allows, forcing himself to keeps his hands to himself and
John laughs lightly, an odd sound with his mouth still closed around skin, worrying the marks he’s left there. He carefully rolls Sherlock’s bullocks in his hand, liking the sound he makes as his thumb brushes against his spent cock.
Sherrinford waves his hand in the air between them, “A little of this, a lot more of that.” He points towards the aircraft, his answer easily as cryptic as Mycroft’s usually are.
Mrs. Hudson shrugs. “Just me then,” but she misses the piercing look Sherlock is leveling at her back.
(Well, go on. We’ll all wait. Won’t we guys?) Six heads nod: one grey, one silver, one black, one mostly auburn, one grayish-blonde and one brown. Sally clears her throat. (Ooopss…sorry, Sally. You’ll wait, right?)
“Go on, lad, honestly. I like a man that appreciates a good meal,” an older woman wearing a bright pink scrub top and jeans with threadbare holes in the knees strides across the dining room, brandishing a tea towel like a sword. Tendrils of solid white hair that must have been ginger in her younger days have escaped from the neat bun on the top of her head to frame her face. She yanks out one of the other chairs at the table and sits down between the two men. “Kevin, tea?”
Ophelia Holmes stands in the doorway of her older brother’s bedroom, staring at his lax form. She watches him twitch and jerk in his sleep and tries to tell herself he’s only exhausted from his twenty-second birthday party that Mummy threw for him yesterday.
When John opens the bathroom door, Sherlock is nowhere to be found, which, in and of itself is not all that unusual. The unusual thing, the thing that John is still finding hard to accept is that their Link is wide open; there’s a lovely cordiality thrumming between them that is still so new, so raw and so vibrant that it seems unreal, as if it could not be possible except for the strength of it.
. He clears his throat and steps in closer to Sherlock. Sherlock’s attention is pulled to John and he looks up from the paper, surprised.
Nabbing Martin was a mistake. Somehow there was a mix up with the name ‘Holmes’ and Trey panicked for fear that it was Sherrinford coming after him for attempting to steal those plans. His panic led him to order his goons to move too soon. Martin is approximately the same height and weight as the first two victims.”
“Yes, I’d like to see if she’s come ‘round yet.” John snags his wallet and pocket things from the table as Sherlock snaps off the lights.
“Sounds great!” Douglas grabs Martin’s hand again but this time doesn’t quite let go, holding onto it for longer than necessary.
Oh wonderful. Now they are ignoring me completely. How can I play with these action figures here in my sandbox if they won’t stay where I put them?)
John lets go in order to rub his palm up Sherlock’s sternum, then trace fingertips across his pectorals.
Martha greets Greg Lestrade at the door to John’s room. She pats the Detective Inspector on the cheek as if he’s a hungry nine year old and hands him a hot buttery bun which he takes with a huge grin.
Before he gets anything else, the device in John’s pocket vibrates. He tugs it out and stares at the multitude of wild red, orange and yellow spikes all over the place. John steps back into the kitchen and presses the button on the blue tooth in his ear.
John totally understands it though, especially when he remembers a certain tall someone peering at him from behind a lab table and asking in a voice that was like stroking satin: “Afghanistan or Iraq?” Yeah, John gets it. Hell, even Greg figured it out…there’s something so fantastical about these men that it drags you  into their undertow and gets you caught up in the hurricane, then you ride on a tidal wave the likes you’ve never experienced…and
The forest grows quiet save for the piercing scream of a bird of prey. On top of that, there’s the growl of the Lynx. The baying of hounds.
John narrows his eyes and sneaks his hand around Sophie’s side, trying to get his sunglasses back as nonchalantly as possible. She squeals and pulls away, landing in a heap between Sherlock’s thighs. She’s fine but as soon as she sees that John’s got his glasses, her bottom lip sticks out and she makes
Sherlock and Sherrinford are speaking to one another in low tones, effectively giving John the space he needs to work through the craziness. It has taken years, but Sherlock finally learned to shut up when John gets that special glazed look in his eyes. Apparently, Sherrinford understands that without being told.
“Where?” Another body, then? Their ‘holiday’ is getting stranger and less holiday-like by the minute.
The man, Sherlock, huffs in irritation then crosses the room in two strides to settle at the table on the chair next to Ophelia. She grins up at him.
“Happy New Year!” they all shout and there’s a great feeling of good will all around. After that, Mrs. Hudson, Persephone, John and Atlantea, Sherrinford’s wife, manage to corral all the little ones and send them off to dream land in one of the guest bedrooms. Even Sophie wakes up long enough to demand that she bunks with her cousins. No one argues and soon they’re all out like lights.
Foolishly, because I did not yet trust him, I hurt him, early on in our acquaintanceship, when I pushed him away from the case at the Norton’s house. One day I will make him understand that it was for his own good that he had to get out of there. Had James sunk his metaphysical and figurative fangs into John’s already wounded psyche, even I would have been unable to see what would come next. It is selfish, I am well aware, but I could not live through losing someone else who has come to mean so much to me. The trust written boldly across his features every single time he looks at me has almost forced me to my knees more times than I care to remember.
“Why are you laughing at me, Ginny?” Billy asks, his blue eyes actually filled with what must be worry. He tries so hard to please everyone.
“Martin was with a uniform, I really thought they were right behind us.” Sherrinford frowns, seems to be angry with himself now. “I’ll go and look for him.”
John Sends as he turns on the tap and waits for the spray to warm before shucking off his dirty clothes and stepping into the stall. He’s washing his hair when Sherlock replies.
“What brings you here, son? You aren’t…” she tightens her mouth against the words she refuses to say, instead pulling one hand from his grip in order to rest it against the side of his face and pull it down so she can see him more clearly.
Never really mortified at details such as this, Sherlock isn’t exactly walking around talking about how the case is ‘like Christmas’ either, so John knows he’s not as unaffected as most people believe.
John turns slowly on his feet in order to face Barkley, who has a red baseball bat in his hand, using it to describe a big circle in the air. He surely looks prepared to use it, so John’s got to think fast.
Wilson nods. “Sure, be right back.” Before leaving the room, however, he goes out of his way to box House’s ear. “House, you are an ass.” House snarls and pulls away from Wilson, cautiously prodding at his now aching face.
Sherlock laughs and John thanks Mrs. Hudson as she glides towards her side of the suite to change. She pats John’s hand and looks over to Martin with raised eyebrows and a faint glimmer of recognition.
Before Sherlock can Send a single thought, however, the bird shifts and they find themselves facing an average sized, medium-built man with a shock of greasy black hair and a brutish face. He gazes back at them with deeply set brown eyes and a fierce expression.
He’d always dreamt of doing something useful with his life, not staying here in this strange blend of limbo and living. On one hand, he knows that there are people who find him useful, the majority of them at New Scotland Yard, no doubt—but on the other hand, there’s no one he’s ever really connect with and it wouldn’t be hard to end it. Just a little too much in the needle one night and he could slip beneath the velvet waves of unconsciousness…
His hands gesturing and pointing, Sherlock stalks in circles around the body. He’s got the sleeves rolled up on his purple button-down, but only up to the elbows: his singular nod to the heat around them. He’s dressed, as usual, in black chinos and his black leather Oxfords. John can see clearly from where he stands that something has added up quickly in the mind of the sweating detective who is trying hard to take over.
Sherlock and John lock eyes when Sherlock whispers, both of them holding back snorts at the irritation and something that could be surprise in Mycroft’s voice.
John’s expression hardens again but he can’t answer because the stretcher he’s lying on is being gently pulled out the back door of the vehicle, then there’s a set of gray swinging doors and before he knows it, he’s been checked over and is sitting on the edge of a bed, alone, waiting to be discharged. He finally dozes off that way, elbows on his knees, face cradled in his hands. His heart aches and the worry for his…his best friend…no, that doesn’t even sound right anymore, not even inside his own mind…John’s thoughts begin to tumble over one another as his body reacts to everything that’s transpired today: shoulders tightening, legs shaking, fingers trembling as he fights against breaking down in this soulless room, alone.
