Dean's eyes widen. "Oh crap, yeah," he then cringes. "Poor Michael. I really hope he can get his K-3."
"I liked when she hurt me, it was gratifying like I was being punished for letting Michael find us or for my mom leaving and she liked to use knifes or whatever–that's not the point I'm just–
Castiel catches Dean's eyes. "I want to be here for you. Plus I would rather not miss out on your cooking."
"Dean," Sam starts, voice small and hesitant.
is etched onto the curve on them. What happened to him? Dean blinks, slow and lazy, and the shadows, his only friends, merge with corporeal objects.
What the hell is Angel courting?
Dean's had his unfair share of all four.
"No, I do! I'm–I can, I'm available." Castiel stutters. "I'll have to go pack."
Lucifer snaps his fingers and a piece of paper appears on the coffee table before them.
Dean keeps his eyes trained on Castiel's backwards tie, trying to keep calm. He's naked,
The press of chapped lips marking and loving on Dean's body until they reach Dean's lips and hot tongues press against each other and the slow, uncalculated movements of their mouths moving against each other.
Dean opens his mouth then closes it with a tight frown. Lucifer clenches his fists and turns around again, walking in the same unwavering path without looking back. Dean follows.
The Omega rises slowly, his knees wobbly and his eyes swollen from the tears that escaped his eyes. He steps over to Naomi, extending his hand to drop her jewelry into her open, awaiting palm.
"Castiel can stay in the guest room, it's no problem." Mary looks between the two of them and Dean grinds his teeth together.
Dean avoids looking up at the large mirror hanging on the wall and idly brings his fingers up to graze the cuts marking his stomach. Underneath the small pudge of his stomach, Dean feels the need to scratch at it.
Castiel lowers his voice a little. "About last night–"
Michael,
the Royal Omega, right?
"Your name." she interrupts smoothly.
Dean shifts on his feet, biting the insides of his cheeks as he waits for Castiel's door to open. There's an odd crick in his neck and a horrible pool of empitness deep in his gut.
Anna's wings make an unnecessary mess as she stretches them out in outrage when she stands up from her chair abruptly. Her eyes glow with angry grace and she glares at Castiel with challenge.
"You feel so good around me, Hermaphrodite." Castiel mumbles against the pink of Dean's skin, mouthing at the sensitive nub as he pulls out just until his tip remains inside. Dean hiccups, stray tears falling down the side of his face, and he stares up at the moon trying to relax himself.
"Alpha!" Dean cries, cursing when his balls start to draw up.
Dean yawns, the corners of his lips tearing, and lazily taps his knuckles against the front door before letting it close behind him.
"The Winchesters has a history of killing my children. It's fit that I would do the same, no?" Eve asks genuinely and her minions, babies, Dean thinks is more accurate, nod in agreement.
"Wait, Benny–"
He blinks lazily as he trains his eyes to follow the lithe, agile ice skater do fancy twirls and jumps while everyone "Oo's" and "Aww's". A crease develops between his eyebrows and deep, under dust and avoidance in his hippocampus, rests a memory of Sam holding onto Dean as his Bambi legs touched ice for the first time. A tug on Dean's bellybutton tells him he needs to try harder at forgetting.
"I've had my fair share of partners do it, though I prefer if I'm the one doing it."
"'M gonna–gonna give it to you, Mommy." Castiel slurs, dizzy with love, dizzy with the splitting arousal in his body.
Castiel puts his hands by both sides of Dean's head and unfurls his wings dramatically.
Dean startles violently and ducks to the opposite side of the door, placing his back flat against the old wood of the cabin.
"We can't." Dean blinks at Lucifer lazily. "Naomi will know something's up."
"What? Like groveling? 'Oh please, God, let me touch the grass in the Earth again. I'll be good.'" Eve's voice goes even higher as she mimics her pleading. "I am sick of being stuck here! I want to roam!" Eve bellows, extending her arms and looking up towards the sky. The ground shakes and even her subordinates stumble a little.
"Daddy, y-your mouth,
"The wedding is three weeks away."
He wants that naïve, bright-eyed love that'd keep him up at nights and make his heart stutter. Maybe he's asking for too much.
Dean's heart swells and wetness dampens his pillow. A house and kids.
"No! I mean," Dean bites his lip nervously. "It must be your food source. I didn't mean to participate in your starvation." he whispers meekly.
Dean bristles. "I didn't have to and it's not like you tell me anything either."
"Where's Eileen? She decided to leave your ass?" Dean pretends to look around and Sam flips him off.
"Sounds like a meal fit for a queen." Dean grumbles, sitting on the stool and picking up the spoon.
Well, almost no questions.
"Yeah. Thanks, Cas."
Dean slips their arms out of the off shoulder cuff and Castiel watches, enraptured, as Dean slides the dress down their body, revealing beautiful skin marked with childhood scars and blonde hairs.
"Jo–"
"When Father made you," Castiel sighs wistfully, "It was like watching him make the moon."
"He doesn't love me." Dean admits, voice thick with hatred and shame. "How," Dean wipes his eyes aggressively.
"D-deeper." Dean digs heels into the dirt and moans. Castiel prods and pushes at Dean's rim and pushes his tongue in, licking at his walls.
"Dean,"
Lucifer tenses, eyes shining with grace as he prepares for a fight but falters.
"You caught me." Dean pants. Castiel, equally out of breath, leans down and kisses Dean with everything he has. Their lips are slippery with sweat and saliva but Dean's mouth tastes like another Heaven and Castiel will die before he loses it again.
Charlie doesn't say anything to him when he gets out of the car. She looks at him with sad eyes and understanding and it makes Dean feel sick to his stomach.
Dean shakes his head, body too tense and shaky to move from the compromising position. Castiel's hand ghost against thighs and he grips them before rising from the water to carry them to the edge of the pond. Castiel gently lays Dean down onto the damp grass and looms over him while pushing his hips forward.
They continue until Nordic's head rests against his thigh and Dean's voice goes a little hoarse and the sun beats against his spine and the oddly colored water.
Dean pushes himself out of the booth and onto his feet, fake smiling at the customers waiting patiently at the till. His mind wanders back to the journal and its empty pages.
"I was just surprised at the question. I haven't loved anyone like that before so I can only say that I like you." and now Dean gets it. He gets what it's like to want to swallow your own tongue and drink needles until blood is his new fruit punch.
"Is that what you thought this was?" Castiel wonders softly.
"He'll want to see you." Dean says. Not because he knows, but because he's never seen Sam so in love before. Lucifer nods once and allows himself to led to Sam's room.
Naked. Thighs streaked brown and mucky. Body covered in multiple substances, some of which he doesn't know when they got there. And his back, Castiel has to close his eyes. His back in the most shameful part.
Even though his escape doesn't involve the threat of Germany.
Dean falls back against the bed, his cock half hard against his thigh and brain buzzing with half formed thoughts.
"T-that's worse!" Dean bites and gasps when three fingers begin working their way inside of him. He looks down to see Castiel laser focused on the task in front of him. Is this the same guy who didn't know how to kiss?
Castiel hooks his hands underneath Dean's armpits before picking him up and gently laying him down on the soft mattress, making soft humming noises in the back of his throat. Castiel crawls onto the damp mattress afterwards, a knee coming between Dean's thighs, getting wet in the slick dripping out of Dean but he ignores it in favor of rocking his cock against Dean's thigh.
"I-I don't–" Castiel stammers.
"Why were you crying?" he snaps, interrupting Castiel who doesn't look upset but a little shocked and understanding. Dean looks down at his lap and blinks back the tears getting ready to fall from his eyes. This is so shit.
"Who are you today?" John looks down his nose at Dean.
My birthday went pretty well, got money to buy roller skates!! V drained though.
"You remember when we were small n' we hid up the tree house away from mom's church?" Gabriel asks lowly, almost as if she's telling Castiel a secret. Castiel makes a noise of acknowledgment. "I told you I was trans, remember? Just means, for me at least, that I don't identify with the gender binary. But it's more commonly known as someone who changes their gender and sex, for example, male to female or vice versa. Sometimes people don't even change their gender or their sex. Just one or the other. Like me, I'm genderfluid but I haven't changed my sex. Still got my bits but and my pronouns are versatile."
A crack appears on the window and Dean sucks in a sharp breath. It makes him cough and his bottom lip tremble when drool and foamy spit decorate his chin. He's dehydrated. But his body is too heavy to get up, too warm.
"And that! I've never heard him speak so what do you mean he 'talked to you'?"
to call him. Hard buzzzing against the wood nightstand makes Dean grind his teeth together and snatch it from its place. The vibrations he can feel in his heart.
"Sammy and I always go. Don't wanna leave the old folks alone too long." Dean bites into a mushroom.
Dean sneers. "Fuck off."
Dean rolls his forehead on the paper as he mulls over his decision. Maybe Castiel is tired of him and the letter was a permanent goodbye. Maybe Castiel was truly disgusted by his body. He wouldn't be surprised if that were the case.
"We should get you home, Omega." Castiel mumbles against his lips while making no effort to move. Dean lifts his head to peck Castiel softly.
"My baby brother is dying, what else–" Gabriel coughs and sniffles, rolling back his shoulders and standing tall. "If I can help him then I will. But we can't do it here."
Dean's eyes flinch at the sudden wetness gathering in his eyes and his eyebrows pinch in annoyance. He can't smell anything. His slick; it smells of
It makes Dean feel overwhelmed with light, makes him shuts his eyes tighter, and a shaky gasp to escape when he feels a warm tendril graze his body.
"Would you like to use the washroom?"
Castiel sighs and sits on a wood bench outside of the restaurant, allowing the cool air to relax him. A pair of heels click on his left before coming to a stop right at the bench.
"Gabriel will open the rift to Purgatory. Lucifer and I will track down Eve and hopefully get something out of her. Charlie, I hear you're good with computers?"
"Je t'aime."
Castiel nips at the burn, grumbling and growling as he slides in and out of Dean, long strings of slick becoming squished between their skin. Castiel gently brings a hand to Dean's hip, leaning back on his calves and pulling Dean with him to sit on his cock.
"We'll come with."
It starts out as a chaste kiss. One that gets Dean's heart twisted upside down and then Castiel is grinding down against him, clothed erections creating an unsatisfying rhythm that's going to male him come anyway.
"No. People have all sorts of kinks, none of which I would shame. I think that you should call him that, whenever you guys go out somewhere since you're so used to doing it in an intimate setting. The word doesn't have to stick to the bedroom."
“Sure thing.” Dean suppressed a smile.
Dean groaned shamelessly. He could feel Gabriel’s fingers move and focus elsewhere back at the bunker, giving Dean a brief reprieve from the paralyzing pleasure. He sputtered and gasped. “Fuck Gabriel! Oh my god.”
“Dean...”
“Not if I can help it,” he muttered.
It was like being haunted by Freddy Kruger's porn star twin.
He knocked on the door-frame to be polite and waited.
Dean couldn’t help but chuckle. “He’s a good assistant.”
Castiel watched him bump hard into one of the guys getting out of the van, who turned in confusion. Castiel wanted to go after him, but in the next second the Ghostfacers were coming up to greet him. Castiel recognized the two young men in front. This time they were joined by a larger man and a petite girl, all looking painfully serious.
"Yeah, well, your human body is cleaning that table. With bleach."
“...and I make a mean Manhattan,” Dean added, flashing him that toothy grin.
Sam enjoyed Gabriel’s teasing, so Gabriel used it to his advantage. He opened his mouth and licked up his shaft, breathing hotly over his head. Then he planted his lips down and kissed him, lapping his tongue over his slit. Gabriel knew from experience that all those little twitches and barely noticeable jerks Sam was doing were good signs. Sam had indeed forgotten the case, if only for a moment.
Gabriel smirked. “Bingo.”
Castiel said goodnight to his kids and Kaia, then went downstairs to his office to get some work done. His mind felt like it had been in freefall ever since that afternoon. It was a wonderful feeling, but as Castiel found himself alone in the quiet house, staring at his computer screen, he felt a renewed sense of worry, like someone had pressed ‘resume’ on an old tape.
Beta-ed by the wonderful
Dean smiled in satisfaction. “You’re a freak, Gabriel.” He dropped his head onto the sheets and closed his eyes.
“Charley!” Castiel ran at them.
Castiel groaned and dropped his head on the floor.
Castiel got a powerful rush of arousal. He knew Sam sometimes liked when Castiel dominated him, and he was getting a similar feeling with this. He put his hand back on Sam’s head, almost like he was about to blast his mind, then pushed him back down on his cock. Sam’s body filled with arousal as quickly as the water rushed over his head.
“I’m sorry I yelled at you,” he said gently, but when that seemed to have no effect on him, he asked, “Gabe? What’s wrong?”
A black figure was moving towards them, rippling through the fire. Castiel saw its black, hollow eyes and hair floating around its burnt head, and held his children tight.
Gabriel was gone.
For a moment he paused, staring into one of the Shurley children’s rooms. It was a blue room with a packed bookshelf, a thick space-themed comforter, and a large desk covered in stickers where the snake’s container sat. Dean would have given anything to have a life like that. A family, a nice house, maybe some kids. Was he really going to ruin it for Castiel, just like it had been ruined for him? No, Dean thought. He was doing this to
“Bingo.” Gabriel smirked, then flicked his nipple with his tongue and rubbed Dean’s glans with his thumb.
Jack smiled approvingly.
It was a cock cage.
Sam looked hesitant at that, but Castiel’s friendly smile eased his doubts.
"He beat you?"
This was no news to Sam, who was inspecting the small glass Dean had given him.
Castiel's eyes were closed now, but he nodded feverishly. “Then come Dean,” he rasped, not letting up.
Calthazar (Castiel x Balthazar)
Dean tried to reply, but he couldn’t get the words out. So instead, he moved the covers aside and put his arm under Castiel. Castiel didn’t seem able to ask questions. He let Dean roll him over and pull him into an embrace.
The boys looked scared but reassured. Castiel hugged them both tightly until they pulled away, then he got up to start breakfast.
Gabe, Claire, and Meg were all awake now. They were huddled around Jack, who looked torn between going upstairs to check on Castiel and Charley, and staying downstairs with the others.
Sam rolled his eyes. He sat back up and continued to read aloud. “Look... Both bodies have the same ligature marks on their neck. I know you said they could have hung themselves, but...”
A wave of relief rushed over Castiel, until he heard Mrs. Bishop shriek. She turned her attention to Dean, but Dean was already striding towards them. She flew out of the flames and Dean fired. He reloaded, then fired again. And again. He looked outright dangerous. The woman kept vanishing and reappearing, her rage equal to Dean’s, but at last she receded into the flames. Dean reached Castiel and the kids and knelt down.
Dean watched him beadily. Castiel looked pale.
“So I get the royal treatment right? Since I’m friends with a doctor?”
Sam’s fists were clenched, his body on fire with ecstasy. “Yeah, Cas! Yeah!”
Crowley thrust again. This time, the lack of restraint from Sam’s muscles made the sensation shiver so deep into Sam’s body that he lost the ability to move. He’d had never felt anything so intense.
Sam and Dean made uncomfortable sounds.
“Oh you love it, Dean-o.” Gabriel goaded him. “Why don’t you show me that dream of yours? Might make this easier...”
“Marshmallow fluff,” Dean said.
Sam began mouthing Dean’s name and trying to open his eyes, so Dean pushed his shirt up and fucked him even harder.
“Do you want a blow job first?” Sam asked. He knew they were Castiel’s favorite.
Meg smirked and slid down onto his lap, “Don’t sappy on me, Clarence.”
“Shaddup and drink.”
Castiel falls victim to a powerful spell and needs Dean's help. For SPN Bingo.
Sheriff Mills told him over the phone that their house had been put out at last, but not much had survived. She offered to drive him back to get his car and see the house for himself. So while Jack watched over the kids, Castiel got a ride back to Derby with Sheriff Mills.
She seemed very pleased by this, so Castiel smiled slightly. “Yes, I thought only men ejaculate during sex,” He confided.
Gabriel held Sam against him, spooning him and soothing him through Sam’s body-wrecking orgasm. Gabriel reached down and stroked the last few drops out of his cock while, true to his word, he plugged him again. Sam barely felt it, but he knew what Gabriel was doing. He felt one last surge of white hot pleasure, then he felt his body give out.
“Yeah, cuz that’s not strange."
Meg!Sam
Dean didn’t say anything. He wanted Castiel to answer her. He wanted Castiel to be the one to explain to Meg why he couldn’t stay. But Castiel didn’t answer. Dean was alarmed to see how fatigued he looked. His blue eyes were grey, and they seemed to be staring into Dean’s soul.
Dean didn’t move.
Garth gestured at the extra double bacon burger. Dean licked his lips impatiently and picked it up.
“Oh hey.” Dean said, “Were you… looking for something?” He feigned looking around.
“Yes.” Castiel spoke, bubbles wobbling around him.
Sam stared at the screen. He realized now why there were cords pulled out of the back. Hardcore gay porn was playing mutely on Dean’s screen. It looked like it had been locked on full-screen and full-volume, which surely had blasted throughout the entire floor until Mr. Smith pulled the speaker cords.
“This is really great, Dad,” Jack looked around.
Sam panted for air, flushed from his head down the neck of his shirt, “Fuck… Dean! It's six in the morning!"
Sam licked his lips in amazement, but his unspoken criticism of Gabriel’s work ethic was swallowed up a moment later. Gabriel’s lips parted sinfully around Sam’s cock and Sam decided they had time enough for this. Gabriel bobbed up and down on him, making Sam’s hips rise and fall hungrily. But it didn’t last long. Gabriel gave him one tortuously long, toe curling suck then began kissing down his now throbbing cock.
Ellen gave them a small smile then walked away. Garth began to eat at once, but he stopped when he noticed Dean hadn’t picked up his burger.
“Yes you can.” He said firmly, but Castiel looked a mess. He wished Rowena would hurry the hell up.
"Omnis legio! Omnis con potestas, omnis incursio infernalis adversarii..."
Sam gripped the seat as thick, leather restraints encased his thighs and ankles. Gabriel attached those restraints to rings on the floor, capturing Sam’s legs and holding them spread apart. Sam’s breath hitched.
Crowley had discovered months ago that Sam loved to be stimulated after orgasm. Every touch gave Sam such sharp, direct pleasure that it hurt. It was Sam’s favorite kind of pain. Sam thrust weakly, only managing to swing a little bit. Crowley smirked. He teased Sam’s slit, leaving Sam hovering in his post-orgasmic state and rocking on Crowley’s shoulder.
There was a silence, in which Claire huffed and said, “Great job. She really nailed that one.”
It all started with Castiel.
Castiel arrived late in the afternoon. Sam filled him in on the landing, and no more words were spoken. The only sound was the occasional, sloppy clatter of metal on the table as Dean cleaned his gun.
“Well,” she went on, “I realize this is a hard time for you, what with losing your house and everything, but I want you to know that if you need anything at all, we’re here for you.”
Castiel slipped his arms around Sam’s waist. He could feel Sam’s back rising and falling against his chest.
“You’re not,” Dean assured him. “Trust me.”
Sam seemed to snap out of it, but instead of clarity filling his expression, it was lust. He stared heatedly as Dean climbed onto his lap. Dean had never looked more like an Alpha, and yet he bowed his head onto Sam’s shoulder and rubbed himself against his jaw, presenting the back of his neck to him. He was succumbing to a sudden, indisputable desire to be dominated by the Alpha that claimed him all those years ago. At that, Sam just about lost his mind. The feral groan he emitted sent chills of shameless, submissive pleasure down Dean’s spine.
Dean chuckled. She looked a bit like her dad. “Uh, no, that’s for my CDs.”
“Control it,” Cain repeated.
Dean shook his head in amusement. “It’s okay. I’m not the jealous type.” He paused again. “Well, no, I am. But…” He found himself glancing at the photographs in the bookcase. He held Castiel a little closer. “I can see how happy they made you.”
Castiel gave him an appraising look. “How about a karate class?”
There was a collective sigh from the kids and a mad rush for the bed. Smiling slightly, Castiel turned off the lights.
Crowley stepped back at last. Sam could feel his gaze heating him.
Claire looked at Jack in frightened excitement.
Perhaps Castiel was a natural born leader after all.
“Uh, Mr. Shurley, do you know them?” One of the movers, a burly man with a cajun accent, was looking out into the backyard.
“Daddy…” Meg turned in her booster seat.
“Go! Go!” Dean shouted, urging Castiel towards the front door. The fire had almost reclaimed their path to freedom. As they crossed the burning kitchen, Castiel had to drop the melting water gun. Amidst the chaos, the figure had summoned the sledgehammer to him once again. Dean looked back for a split second and saw that the figure of Mr. Bishop had begun to change. Horns rose to the ceiling and many limbs were now outstretched, and Dean knew that Mr. Bishop had been devoured a long time ago.
Dean took a long swig from his flask. “I may not know much, but I know one thing—I’m not going to go messing up Cas’s life.”
“I’m not, I…!” Sam blinked furiously, determinedly looking Dean in the eye, “I’m going to bed.”
Dean and Ketch were back to normal in no time. They came into the bunker bickering about nothing, and Sam and Castiel seemed satisfied that everything had gone according to plan. Dean figured this would be the easiest affair to cover up, because Ketch was a total asshole, even if Dean couldn’t stop looking at where he knew that tattoo was beneath Ketch’s trousers. But then Sam got an odd look on his face as Dean neared him.
“Sleep.” Dean said.
“Yeah. Doctor Hannah is really nice. She said once I finish school I can come work for her. Me and Sam, you remember Samandriel, we’re both going to do our residency there,” Jack said.
"They craved you, too…" Lucifer kissed Castiel venomously, then lowered him back down.
Castiel looked relieved, and Dean knew that he understood that answer when he felt Castiel take him by the hand. Dean was grateful he didn’t have to say more. Together they sat on the couch, the glow of the flames dancing over them, and Castiel took Dean into his arms. Dean was surprised at how readily he succumbed to it. It was like coming home. He leaned into Castiel and closed his eyes. Castiel kissed Dean's head, and Dean felt an inhuman warmth flood him. He didn't think he'd ever known anything like it. It was like basking in a warm sea, each wave another beat of Castiel’s heart.
“So he… uh, yeah. But it’s fine. We made up.”
Dean took a moment to consider this. He looked like he was having a similarly hard time thinking. “Okay,” he said at last, then sat up. “Stay,” he told Castiel.
Crowley began dragging the rope over Sam’s body. He tried to stay still, but without being able to see where he was going next, he kept squirming. Crowley was enjoying it far too much, making all sorts of pleased hums and tuts. Soon Sam’s chest was bound in rope and his arms were fixed behind his back in an intricate lattice of knot-work. Sam could flex his arm a little, but it tightened the ropes around his chest and made it harder to breathe.
There were some tough moments when the kids seemed to fully realize the extent of what they’d lost in the fire, but Castiel kept up everyone’s spirits by reminding them what they still had. Despite his own assurances, however, he found his own mood dropping lower than it had in years, and it was becoming harder and harder to keep from his children.
The kids were already exploring the house and shouting back and forth to each other excitedly. The father sighed and ruffled his thick, dark hair. The half-hour drive felt like it had taken all day. Still, he found himself smiling at the clutter now filling the house.
Sam sighed. Okay, maybe he was sick, but now he was also annoyed and he didn’t want to give Dean the satisfaction. When Dean returned to find Sam glaring at him from his blanket, he held back a laugh, then shoved the syrup and mug into Sam’s empty hands.
Dean gave him a sly look. “Oh Cas, the babysitter?”
Castiel put his robe on and walked downstairs to see a guilty looking Charley standing at the kitchen sink. Charley turned around suddenly.
“Yeah,” Charley mumbled. “That guy. He was tied up again. He was hurt. And I kept hearing weird voices.”
Cain went from Dean’s balls to his hole without any rhythm whatsoever, denying Dean’s ability to prepare himself for either. It was torture. Dean wanted to rip the chains from the floor and touch himself, or get down on the floor and fuck something. After one particularly electrifying slap to his hole, Dean had a wild desire for Cain to slide the cane in and fuck him with the damned thing.
"Oh, please," Balthazar turned to Crowley, "call me Daddy." He winked.
one of their dad's from a lifetime ago, or so it seemed. Dean's jacket sleeve was bloody and frayed, and he had snow in his hair. Sam and Dean were both flushed from the cold.
“Shut the door!” Dean yelled back. “Pervert!”
Charley managed to grab hold of Gabe’s leg and they wrestled in the tree. Claire rolled her eyes and ignored them. She sat down at the base of the tree and took out her phone. A few minutes later, there was a resounding thump behind her. She rolled her eyes. Both boys had tumbled to the ground and started wrestling.
Dean rolled again. This time, Sam bit back a moan. He was fully erect now, and Dean's heat was undeniable.
“No, I—boys!”
“’s that why you wanted to sleep like this?” Sam murmured in Dean’s ear.
"Oh, he blamed me. I let the thing go, Cas," Dean explained, but the certainty in his voice was hollow. He stared into the flames, absentmindedly rubbing his healed arm. "We burned the campers, or what was left of them. The girl, too. And when we got home," Dean smiled darkly, "Dad, he… he whooped my ass." He tried to laugh again but the sound came out like a cough. He cleared his throat and closed his eyes, letting the orange light of the flames envelop him.
Cain seemed to change tactics then. When the cane returned it was lighter. It dragged along Dean’s muscular thigh, then back up towards his cock. Then it rubbed under Dean’s ass. Cain watched in satisfaction as Dean’s neck flushed. His breathing slowed deliberately, until Cain found what he was looking for. With a flick of his wrist, he tapped Dean’s balls smartly. Dean looked like he’d been electrocuted. The floor groaned under him and his restraints shook noisily.
Castiel nodded lazily. “Yes.” He said, cuddling them both.
On his way out Castiel stopped at the bulletin board. When he saw that the man hadn’t made a mistake, and there were no cards for a repairmen named Dean, he felt a twinge of concern constrict his throat. He ended up grabbing a card for a fence company and headed out.
Sam was a heaving, gasping, sobbing mess as the pain of Alpha puberty devastated him on the bathroom floor. Dean tried everything he could think of, but he just couldn’t handle it. There was nothing he could do for Sam and, worse, his own repressed Omega instincts were eating away at his rational mind. Dean tried looking up different spells in their dad’s old book, as he had done for himself, but found nothing that could help Sam.
“Yeah, all the bugs and owls will be really impressed.”
Sam cleared his throat, “You know you’re still here, right?”
When Dean looked down and saw the splatter on his shoes, he grinned and picked the leash back up.
For a moment Castiel looked distant, like he was processing Dean's words. His wings rippled slightly, brushing against Dean's hand. When Castiel detected that Dean was in fact telling the truth, Castiel was overcome with emotion. The only thing he could think to say was, "I love you, Dean."
“How many kids are we having?” Sam asked lazily.
Charley’s eyes moved back and forth under their lids. His shins bumped against the steps as he walked, but he dreamt on. In the living room, his family was fast asleep. Only Claire stirred. She pushed Meg away and mumbled, ‘shhMeg…’ before falling back into a deep sleep. Claire didn’t see or feel her necklace begin to slowly rise off his chest.
Balthazar looked half amused half annoyed at the unexpected conflict. He caught Rowena’s glance just in time to sputter a confused, "wha...?" before Rowena got on her tiptoes, swept her arms around Balthazar, and kissed him passionately.
Dean nearly toppled over, but Garth caught him just in time. They both beamed at Meg.
“Cas,” Dean said incredulously, “I hunt ghosts. If you don’t move into the next haunted house, I’ll find it anyway.”
Mortimer smiled lightly. He topped off their glasses, then offered the basket to Castiel. “Try a pickle chip, they’re quite good. Secret family recipe.”
“I’ve eaten worse.” Dean flashed him a cocky grin and stifled a whimper.
Castiel’s eyes were closed. Dean wondered if he had fallen asleep. A recklessness came over him in the safety of the dark bedroom, a need to express himself, a need to tell Castiel everything before it was too late, so Dean tipped his head down and kissed Castiel’s forehead.
"Erm..." Rowena looked around desperately.
Blue orbs glowed at the foot of Dean’s bed and Dean awoke instantly.
Sam shot a Cas an appreciative look and headed up the bunker stairs. His footsteps clambered against the metal steps and echoed across the cavernous ceiling.
Dean rumbled a silent laugh, and Sam felt the light vibrations on his sensitized knot. He nearly choked on his coffee.
Dean shook his head hastily. “No...no way.”
“Dean…”
“Probably that repair man’s butt.”
Castiel couldn’t deny that. They seemed to come to a silent agreement and Castiel began stripping. Dean watched him, idly stroking himself, something he knew drove Castiel wild. Sure enough, Castiel kept getting distracted while trying to get undressed.
"They still are, Cas,” he said simply. “They're the most beautiful things I've ever seen."
“But perhaps I’ve pushed you too far for our first session.”
“Hey, Cas.” Sam put on an alert face. “I’m just, uh…” he started, but one look at Castiel told him he didn’t need to explain himself.
Castiel grabbed the top of the railing and urged Charley down first. Charley obeyed, moving under his dad’s arm to climb down the stairs. His legs were shaking, and when he looked back behind Castiel’s feet his stomach dropped. He saw something crawling out of his dad’s room, illuminated by the fire. It was pulling itself with its small arms, its legs dragging uselessly behind it.
“Yeah.” Sam nodded again.
Castiel didn’t answer. The truth was, he didn’t know. But Jack seemed to understand.
Sam smiled back, "Yeah alright. Let's get Dean and get out of here."
How could Crowley be so damned sexy all the time?
“Look!” Gabe was already near the top. “That house has a pool!”
Castiel’s blue eyes were dark with promise. His breath was heavy, falling off his lips in pants. It sounded like it was right in Dean’s ear.
His tone made Dean’s heart stop.
“Come, Cas.” Sam encouraged him, “I want you to come for me.”
No. Surely that couldn’t be right. Dean Smith was a local handyman. People knew him. Maybe not the hardware guy, but didn’t Dr. Fitzgerald vouch for him? To Castiel’s horror, however, he discovered that Dean had an accomplice on the grave desecration arrest, and when he pulled up the photo he saw another familiar face.
“Can I paint my room black?” Claire asked quickly.
Castiel watched Sam and Dean laugh and bicker, and felt oddly at peace with the world. He knew the subject of Mary would have to come up eventually, especially given the reason for her departure, but the time wasn’t now, and Castiel was glad for that.
Sam's hips seemed to move of their own accord. The pressure in him lightened when he moved, but it made his pleasure push even harder against him, aching for release. He gave a muffled groan, a hungry hum, and felt precum slide down his trapped throat.
“Well
Castiel blinked. He had to repeat the question in his head. He was sure Dean meant, go with him, but did it also mean… was Dean asking him
Sam and Dean have a common fetish: Dean loves dominating, and Sam loves being dominated. For SPN ABO Bingo.
Castiel groaned Sam’s name, angling his cock into Sam’s prostate. He knew that spot produced the best smells, and sounds, from Sam. Sure enough, Sam sputtered and gasped, moaning in earnest.
“...you’re weird.”
“Oh my...”
Soon his head was resting against the headboard and his lips were parted in silent pleasure as he fondled all his favorite spots. He squeezed around his base and twisted up, rubbing his thumb under his head. He worked up a good amount of precum and lubed himself up with it. His breathing became audible as he pumped himself closer and closer to orgasm. He could almost feel that dream – Gabriel’s cock was spreading him wide, filling him deep, stroking him from the inside so divinely. Gabriel’s hands smoothed around Dean’s hips and began stroking his cock for him. Dean moaned. Gabriel’s fingertips were too perfect. They made Dean writhe and buck back onto Gabriel’s cock even as it pinned him to the bed. Within seconds Dean was close to coming. He thrust his hips into his hand, gritting his teeth.
Dean stared up at him in hopeless frustration.
Cain couldn’t believe he’d overlooked this particular hotspot. He aimed the rod for Dean’s swollen cockhead and delivered several swift yet tantalizingly light taps to the slit. Dean’s chest swelled and gaped silently.
Ketch took a deep breath, then smirked slightly. “Well, holy oil is derived from it so... I’d say yes, you do.”
"So you led him here. To us!" Sam accused.
“Sleep, Sammy.”
Before Castiel could even contemplate it, he realized, “My eldest son is coming to stay tomorrow…”
“Good, isn’t it?” Gabriel grinned, leaning down to whisper in his ear. “You’re soaking the bed.” He told him. He sounded absolutely thrilled. “Oh, you’re definitely my favorite. I always knew you would be. So responsive, so pent up, I’m going to unwind you all night long.” He promised.
"I... I'm seeing someone else…!" Rowena blinked, putting on a quick but nasty smile, "and you can't touch him. He's even more powerful than
Scent Marking
Claire stared in shock. Charley and Gabe looked nervous and pale. Castiel led her into the kitchen to sit with the rest of them, and she realized the front door was gone.
As he descended the stairs to make coffee, he realized something seemed off. It wasn’t a smell this time, it was more like a strange feeling. It was so pronounced that Castiel turned into the living room instead of the kitchen and looked around to see if anything was out of place. He was half expecting to see a window broken and his TV missing. It was freezing, but nothing was broken or missing. It wasn’t until he turned and saw the staircase that he realized what was wrong.
“Nice to see you again,” she said at once.
Dean loved pinning him down and taking him from behind, but he also loved being in the front row and watching Sam fall apart. And that night he was falling apart beautifully. His whole body was shaking and sweating. His lips were parted wide and his hair was wild and unkempt. His cock was leaking precum onto his flat stomach, and he'd started to knot out of sheer pleasure. Dean was sure he looked a mess too, but nowhere near as much as his brother.
“That’s...” Castiel rasped, “That’s not how you’re supposed to wear it.”
The waiting room door opened again. This time Castiel stepped out into the hallway. He was wearing a beige coat over his dress shirt and slacks. “Meg, what are…” He stopped.
“By the way,” she said before Castiel got into his van. “I had a forensic team come by, given the history of the house. They never could do a full examination back when… well, after the Bishop family died. Not without destroying the house anyway. But now...”
After what felt like hours, Gabriel’s voice reeled him back. “Are you ready, babe?”
Dean thrust his hand into the darkness. The EMF spiked, but nothing happened. It didn’t even feel cold. He moved his fingers experimentally and noticed the air on his arm slowly rise. Not willing to tempt fate any further, he removed his hand.
“Homemade treats,” he said, noticing where Castiel was looking and extending him the basket. “Pickle chips, cheese straws, and my family’s famous potato casserole.”
“Meg!” Castiel came into the small laundry room, dressed and freshly shaven.
Sam gave a pent up sigh, “You’re insane.” He smiled through his hands.
Dean nodded dumbly. He had no idea what Gabriel was talking about, but whatever it was, he was ready for it.
“Dean. What are you doing?”
“‘Sthat good?” Dean mumbled.
“What happened?” She asked.
Sam has a secret and Dean will stop at nothing to find out what it is. For SPN Kink Bingo.
Another slap, this time breaking the skin across Dean’s upper stomach. Dean growled in pain, feeling his cock twitch uncontrollably.
“Dean…”
Dean smirked internally. He maneuvered Sam’s cock and balls into a slender, black cock ring. Sam’s body shook in arousal. Dean pressed it flush against Sam's body, then circled his fingertips around Sam’s cockhead, enjoying the feel of his precum and the feel of Sam buzzing a groan into his lips. Dean finally released Sam from their kiss and began groping him again.
“Jack’s at school, he’s not dead,” Claire said.
Castiel was grateful.
The air had lightened considerably since they got home, and soon they were all talking about karate and ScoobyDoo—both things Dean knew a surprising amount about. Castiel had picked up his son’s school bags they had abandoned at the door and was putting them away.
Mortimer’s eyebrows rose impassively.
Gabe glared furiously at his dad. Claire and Kaia were looking at him, still startled. Charley wasn’t saying anything. Finally Gabe made an angry noise and stormed off, slamming his door behind him. They could hear him swear on the other side of the door. Claire and Kaia looked at each other.
“Can I paint it with blood?” Meg asked excitedly.
Perhaps it was the alcohol, but Castiel couldn’t help but feel at ease with this man. He could see how Mortimer’s profession and his striking physical appearance would inspire feelings of unease in others, but for whatever reason Castiel felt quite the opposite. He felt safe.
“That’s interesting, because you tried to set me up with women before, but never with a man.”
“There’s a leftover burrito if you want”, he says.
The blush starts at the base of his neck and creeps its way up to his ears. Very aware of the heat, Dean pointendly lowers his eyes back on his coffee, hoping that Cas would drop the topic.
But man, he’s tired.
“That is nice of you.”, Cas says towards the back of Dean’s head and Dean scuffs.
“Do you want a hug too, Dean?”
“Except for the dead bodies”, he agrees, “We were thinking of some satanic cult stuff here, but if you have any other ideas…”
Cas turns his head and nuzzles his nose into the hair right over Dean’s ear, pressing gentle kisses at his temple. It shouldn’t be this comforting, considering that his hand jerks him off in a slow and confident pace, but Dean melts at the contact and the tension of the last days floods out of his body. Before he knows what he’s doing he turns his head just right to the point where he can catch Cas’s lips in a soft kiss.
He remembers how Cas feels in his arms everytime they hug, his fond smile when Dean makes a joke that’s not even funny, the love in his eyes when he looks at Jack.
Cas stops in his attempt to cross the parking lot, turns around and stares at Dean with a confused frown, before he looks down at himself.
that feels good. Grounding. He’s very tempted to nuzzle his head back into the crook of Cas’s shoulder and stay there forever. It’s a very good place.
). He can only imagine how
“I never touched you in public, but yes. You seemed to find comfort in it.”
He ends behind the wheel of Baby, Sam on his right side and Jack and Cas on the backseat. He doesn’t know why they have agreed that all of them needed to go. From what Sam had told him, this should be an easy thing, maybe a ghoul or something like that. No need for backup.
They get a room with two twins and a couch that looks comfortable enough to spend one or two nights on it. Dean volunteers for the couch (
When he turns to disappear in the bathroom again, Cas stands right in front of him with that stupid worried frown between his brows. Dean steps back so quickly he nearly falls backwards on the bed.
Letting go is the hardest thing Dean had to do in a very long time.
“Wait, do you…” Something in Dean’s brain comes to a stuttered halt.
“Don’t you dare getting dead or something.”, Dean whispers hoarsely and that draws a little smile out of Cas.
Cas doesn’t even bat an eye when he steps under the water, pulling the curtain close again and turns to Dean with a raised eyebrow.
But Dean had ignored all the signs, had searched on the wrong ends of the town until it was too late. Until the graveyard keeper turned out to be a witch that wanted to go all Frankenstein and bring his lover back to life with a few fresh parts. The last thing he took was a heart.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to spook you,” he said, holding the mop handle.
“I’m in his head. I can see all his secret little feelings. Sometimes he thinks about you when he touches himself.” He bit his lip. “He wonders what it would be like… with an
Ketch didn’t hesitate to, not when he was buried to the hilt and Sam was still talking back; still fucking back. Ketch grabbed Sam’s knee and bent it against his chest, removing his leverage. The sideways position finally seemed to do the trick. Sam gasped and grabbed a chair leg for support, knocking it over, while his other hand flew down and began stroking himself.
Half a mile away, Sam heard Castiel shouting. He sprinted back to the cabin at top speed, his hunter instincts on high alert.
Sam was a mess. His chest was heaving and his hair was splayed around his face. He was flushed all over, making each and every one of Crowley’s marks stand out vividly beneath the tight, black rope. Crowley picked Sam’s head up and swept the hair out of his face. Crowley kissed him, tasting him in absolute bliss. Sam kissed him back, as if he were waking from a dream. Crowley’s hand drifted down and, for the first time that night, picked up Sam’s cock. Crowley could feel Sam’s heartbeat in his palm.
Sam sighed. He’d grown tired of hiding his research under fifteen tabs of porn, which, how messed up were their lives that that was what he was doing? So when Sam thought Dean was far away in the bunker, he sneaked off the couch to reorganize things: He pulled all the towels out of the hamper and put them in a separate wash, he fixed the glass wear and moved the books, always jumping back onto couch whenever he heard Dean coming back.
I've been in a very Wincestuous mood lately, but don't worry - other ships are coming ;D
Sam huffed a smile. He’d never felt so good after one of their encounters. And the thought of doing it tomorrow felt even better. As Sam was pulling his pants up, he felt Crowley stop him. Crowley was at his side, giving Sam a curious look.
“I have,” Mortimer nodded. “I’ve seen others as well. Many, in fact. But the ones here are particularly troubled.”
“You work at the hospital, right?” Dean asked curiously. “I mean, I heard from around town...”
Claire took the necklace. It gleamed silver in the low light, and Claire saw its pendant was a five-pointed star inside of a circle. “Thanks,” she said, putting it on.
“Yeah, I know,” Jack smiled. “You know Dr. Balthazar said she was his favorite. Do you remember that time she told Zachartiah from HR to—”
Castiel gave Charley a small grin.
The stress that had left Castiel’s features was already finding its way back, and he asked in an exhausted voice, “Can I have those weapons now?”
“And do you know what I’m going to do to you once you’re mine?” Crowley rasped. His voice was sultry and hot. He was clearly close to orgasm, “I going to spend every night reminding you of it. I’m going to tie you up like this for days, pleasuring you endlessly, until you forget your own name. You’ll be my pet.”
“I knew I could count on you,” Jack said to him.
"And... you're leaving," Dean said. “You've done enough damage here..."
Dean grinned sheepishly.
“Apology accepted.” Ketch replied. His gaze softened as he eyed Sam’s toned ass and proud cock jutting between his legs.
Sam gets sick, so Dean takes care of him. Simple, right? Wrong. They’re Winchesters, which means they’re terrible at being sick and being taken care of. Luckily, Dean has a few tricks up his sleeve. For SPN Bingo.
“No.”
“You did the right thing,” said the shorter man.
Charley obeyed. With one last look at his mother and Castiel, he grabbed Gabe and pushed him forward, then they ran through the tunnel of fresh air and over the fallen, red door.
“Can I ask you about this neighborhood?” Castiel asked.
“That’s good.”
Dean stared blindly for a moment. He ran his fingers through his hair. He had half a mind to barge back in, but he knew they were probably calling the cops and Dean was wielding a shotgun in broad daylight. He swore and ran back to his car.
“I always carry protection.” Castiel gestured to the angel blade in his coat.
Gabriel slid into bed with Sam, miraculously clean. He kissed Sam, worshiping his body as Sam worked through his submissive haze. Gabriel knew Sam had returned to him when he shifted his hips, feeling his plug. Sam got a little jolt up his spine. He opened his eyes at Gabriel.
Sam smiled and took his laptop back. Dean kissed the top of his head and Sam brushed him off like a fly. “Get out of here. Go do the dishes or something.” He bit his lips, trying not to grin.
Just as Dean’s light reached the ceiling, a completely different sound shook him back to reality. People were shouting down the street outside. One of them was unmistakably Castiel.
Even if he couldn't express it, Dean was grateful for Castiel's presence. He knew Castiel hadn’t come by for more than an update on Kelly Kline, so when he took out his blade Dean felt a part of his world resolidify under his feet.
“He’s kidding,” Dean said, resuming his thrusts at once.
Castiel’s gaze felt like an endless ocean, washing over Dean. After what seemed like a lifetime of silence, Dean nodded. He gripped Castiel’s hand and leaned against him, taking comfort in their closeness. "Okay."
“Mhm.” Dean replied, as casually as if he were making coffee.
“I mean, you’ve been hiding things from me,” Dean continued, unperturbed. “So here’s what we’re gonna do.” He dabbed his thumb in the bloodied whiskey seeping off the table and sucked it into mouth.
“Other Charlie. From school,” he clarified, then gave his dad a meaningful look.
night?”
Claire ran to the back door of 525 Elmwood Avenue and threw it open. She dropped her bag and yelled for her dad at once. Before she could see what was happening, someone had grabbed her and hugged her.
When the door closed Castiel took a moment to compose himself, then finally sat down to have his coffee with Meg, who was munching on toast.
She looked up at him, clutching an old walkman and squinting suspiciously at him. “Will this fix the lights?”
“Fixing up that Elmwood house, huh?” He asked as he rang up Castiel’s new sledgehammer.
The house groaned all around them, spreading fear through Castiel like poison. The horned figure was rising up again, it’s eyes so yellow that it made the fire around them look black.
Castiel was unresponsive. He reaffirmed his hold on Dean, then flipped him over. Dean groaned outright. He couldn’t help it. The objectification got to him, and it sent a flare of arousal straight to his groin. He knew what was coming next. Sure enough, he felt Castiel climb on top of him, grappling him brutally to the ground.
Dean took another swig from his flask.
“Dean!”
Officer Gadreel had gotten out of his car. He took out his flashlight and scanned the front yard of 525 Elmwood Avenue. The grass cast long shadows over the path to the house. He thought he saw something on the porch, but when he shined his light on it there was nothing there. Confused, he lowered the light to look around the house, but there it was again—a figure standing there on the darkened porch.
Rowena sighed in surprise, "Oh!"
Of all the days for Castiel to forget to set his alarm, it would be the first day that he actually needed to get up on time: Monday. He awoke to find the sun blazing in his face and both of his boys fast asleep under the covers. He checked the clock and nearly leapt out of bed. The school bus would be there in forty minutes.
They shrunk under Castiel’s fury and began talking over each other at once.
Sam flushed.
“Great. Now c’mon, let’s get Sam and get out of dodge.”
Sam looked around desperately. This was bad. Meg had taken down a few of her fellows but there were too many. A demon jumped Sam and he stabbed him with the demon blade.
“Thanks, Charlie,” Jack chuckled.
“...alive.” Dean blinked.
“Glad to hear it,” Castiel said, leading him to the sink. “How’d you know we’d be needing a plumber so soon?” He joked.
Castiel was happy to see that Dean wasn’t put off by the mess, or whatever had happened in the living room the other day. Castiel considered asking him about it but decided against it.
Ketch smiled in amusement.
There wasn’t a lot of storage space in the attic, but the garage more than made up for it. Castiel kept their unused furniture, holiday decorations, and memorabilia in the garage and used the house’s small attic for miscellaneous things like empty containers and spare bedding. He placed the cardboard on a stack of folded up boxes and looked around at the dingy space. There were stains on the floor and what looked like faded, worn down markings all around him. It was musty and damp, and Castiel tried not to breathe too deeply. But there was a prominent smell hidden in the room that Castiel just couldn’t block out. He could only assume a rat or a bird had died in there. It was a pungent odor, yet Castiel was unable to locate the source. The attic was shadowy and hard to navigate, and he found himself coughing the longer he stayed up there.
Sam stared at him in shock. “The blood was purified, Cas. You didn’t need to… What happened?”
Castiel grinned. “Yeah, well, don’t let me hog up all your time, then. I’ll see you tomorrow, chick-magnet.”
“No!” Castiel panted, “The building’s warded. We need to clear them a path out.”
“That’s right. Meg’s a great secretary and all, but I think she’ll learn more practical skills in daycare,” he explained. “Like how to not put things up her nose.”
Castiel was walking up the street to his house carrying a plastic folder with information from the daycare. He saw one of his neighbors, a man with a gaunt face and shrewd eyes, and waved. The man was watering several vibrant flower beds in the front of his Victorian-style house, and he waved back amicably.
Dean opened his eyes. He didn’t remember telling himself to get up, but the next thing he knew he was crouched outside the angel trap, staring at Castiel.
Cain kept it up, repeatedly tapping Dean’s head so that his whole cock felt like it was vibrating from its most sensitive point. It felt so good it hurt, sending unbearable sparks up Dean’s entire body that paralyzed him in the beginnings of a deep orgasm.
Dean and Gabriel groaned in unison. It was unbelievable. Gabriel parted his tight, wet heat twice, filling Dean was impossible pleasure, all the while fondling his cock. It was like having four hands on him – stroking, petting, and rubbing him all over. Dean rolled his hips what little he could out of instinct, making Gabriel slide in even deeper.
The kids had almost forgotten that Jack was coming over in the excitement—and incredulity—of the Ghostfacers, but the sound of the car sent them into a frenzy of happiness. They all came running into the kitchen as Castiel opened the door.
Dean got off of him gently and went to fetch him a towel. By the time he got back, Sam was passed out on the couch. Dean smirked in satisfaction. He leaned over Sam, careful not to disturb him, and cleaned him up with a warm, damp towel. He pulled his shirt back down, but there was no way he was fishing that comforter out from under him. Dean went to the laundry room and brought Sam a fresh one from the dryer. He wrapped him up in it, causing Sam to stir.
Castiel panted softly, his body tense. He could taste Sam in the air. His sweat, his lust, his cock leaking below. It was heaven. He wanted to savor each and every drop of it and make it seep out of Sam’s every pore. Castiel leaned entirely on Sam’s exposed ass, burying himself completely, and groaned in carnal satisfaction.
Castiel took hold of Dean's hips and Dean stopped with difficulty. He freed Castiel's lips, looking winded and confused. Castiel's heart sank.
Sam huffed a laugh, grinding against him gladly. “Yeah. Wasn’t it you who said you don’t have friends because you end up either killing them or sleeping with them?”
No one was there. Nothing was moving but the dark oaks swaying in the wind and the moonlit lawn rippling in the breeze.
“Touche,” Sam said, cupping Dean’s cock and balls with his large hands.
“Sam,” Meg slurred. “The warding... Only Cas could get me inside. Leave me and go.”
Dean smiled, shivering pleasantly. “I don't hear you complaining.” He could already feel Castiel’s growing erection pressing into his leg.
Castiel woke early on Saturday morning. He tried to go back to sleep, but it was no use. The second his eyes opened his mind began replaying the previous day—his argument with his son, the frightened looks on his children’s faces, and Dean’s mugshot. When he finally couldn’t take it anymore, he got up to use the bathroom.
“Good pet. That’s it. Take it.” Crowley encouraged in Sam’s ear. The dildo was a decent size, but still not as big as Crowley’s cock. Crowley was the biggest Sam had ever had. Once the dildo was fully inserted, Crowley played with it lazily, twisting it deep inside Sam’s body.
Castiel, the right hand angel to the new rulers of this world: Michael and Lucifer.
It looked like every other torture dungeon Crowley had ever set up, except this one wasn’t for torture. There was a chair in the middle of the room with straps attached to the arms and legs. Beside it was a metal frame with chains, and a table full of tools: Gags, blindfolds, crops, silk rope, anything and everything Sam could imagine.
Castiel’s expression faltered at last. He looked unrecognizable from that young man smiling in the photograph in Castiel’s bedroom. When Castiel finally moved, the motion was jarring. He wiped his mouth with his hand. “What...what about the second…?” He rasped, giving Dean permission to continue.
Meg gave him an enthusiastic thumbs up, her mouth full of pie.
Once again, the throne room was filled with moans. Dean pushed in until he was flush against Sam’s ass, then he began fucking him powerfully.
“I want a motorbike!” Gabe seized the moment.
So a week before Halloween the cabin was decorated and full of people. The pie almost didn’t make it to the party, however. While family and friends all hung out on the back porch, enjoying some of the last breezy sunshine of the year, Castiel came inside for more glasses and caught Dean about to put a whipped cream covered finger in his mouth.
Jack urged Gabe, Claire, and Meg to the bottom of the stairs, where he grabbed Charley as he reached the bottom. But when Jack looked back up to see Castiel descend, he saw someone else with him. Something tall and broad-shouldered was standing behind him, silhouetted by fire.
But Castiel did understand. He looked at Dean, still standing much too close to him, and asked, "Why not?"
The toy had all sorts of strange ridges and markings on it, and Sam had never felt anything like it. Then Dean began fucking Sam with it, stirring it deeply in his body, and Sam shouted in bliss. He tried to hump Dean’s throat, but his restraints denied him once again. The sensation spiraled uncontrollably as a result, “Dean! Please! Let me come!”
The next few hours were spent killing werewolves. By the time they were done the whole pack had been extinguished, and even Sam had to admit that Dean and Castiel were in rare form. So Sam decided he’d give them a break; that and start entering rooms with a hand over his eyes.
Dean stared at him in amazement. For a wild moment, Castiel swore he looked at him the same way he’d looked at bacon a few mornings ago. It felt like an eternity had passed since then.
Castiel squinted.
“Claire! No!” Jack leapt to his feet.
Castiel smiled wearily. There it was again—Dean kept looking at Castiel’s lips instead of his eyes. Castiel didn’t understand. He suddenly felt the need to say something.
"What the hell, Rowena?" Dean said.
Castiel finally raised his voice and everyone stopped bickering. Castiel could sense that Claire was about to storm off, so he reeled himself back.
Dean glared, “I’m sleeping in the car.”
“No, you didn’t!” Gabe said. “That was me!”
“I’m sorry, too,” Castiel said. “I shouldn’t have snapped. It’s just been a little stressful around here.” He sighed.
Castiel smiled in thanks. Even if he didn’t fully trust Naomi, he was grateful for the assistance.
Dean glared at him, but a yawn betrayed him. “A...aren’t you supposed to be dead? Again?”
“Fuck!”
one if you haven’t noticed. Or maybe you have.” He rose a brow.
Sure enough, Gabriel groaned hotly and his cock throbbed in Sam’s ass. Gabriel’s hips shuddered to a halt, pressing hard against Sam’s ass. Sam felt Gabriel’s cum seep into him deeper than it ever had, and Sam gasped a moan around the gag. Gabriel tilted his head back, thrusting lazily through his pleasure.
“Dean...” Castiel growled his name, “I think I understand now.”
Dean tried to relax, he really did, but now that his adrenaline was pumping, he only knew how to fight.
It had been one week since 525 Elmwood burned down and the Shurleys moved into Sherrif Donna Hanscum’s cabin. The general consensus seemed to be that the fire had been for the best, and the Shurley family would be compensated so they could buy a new home. Castiel was more than fine with this. He was happy, in fact, to hear that a memorial children’s playground was being proposed for the now empty lot on Elmwood. He knew Garth was already planning on blessing the land before construction could start.
"Goodnight, Sam," Castiel replied.
“Into you? Yup.” Sam pressed himself against Castiel, rolling his ass teasingly on Castiel’s lap. “And he’s really,
Sam shuddered. The aftershocks of pain infiltrated his every muscle, driving pleasure into him.
Sastiel
“Let me go!” Jack raged. “I’m going back in!”
“Dean!”
Initially he’d thought the markings were from boxes being set around the room, leaking or deteriorating over time, but as he brushed more dust away he realized that was impossible. The marks were deliberate, like someone was drawing something huge and circular on the floor, and the marks in the center were something else entirely. There were four small indents, as if from a chair, and the area was blackened and stained. Castiel felt his throat constrict. Was that where it happened? Was that where Mrs. Bishop had died?
Sam Winchester was everything Gabriel thought didn’t exist, no, couldn’t exist, in a human. He discovered this when Sam prayed to him out of the blue. He’d heard Sam’s voice through the endless drones of countless prayers in his head that Gabriel had on auto-block. For some reason, Sam’s voice got through to him. It intrigued him. It was rough, desperate, possibly wounded. Gabriel decided to investigate from afar and slipped invisibly into Sam’s motel room. Sam wasn’t alone, or injured.
“A girl,” he admitted. There was a finality about it that clearly meant the relationship didn’t last. “She uh… dumped me.” Dean grinned.
“You know, my brother got bullied a lot in school, too,” Dean said. “We both did.”
Dean grinned, taking mock offense. “Hey…”
Dean roared. He thrashed in his bonds, but it was useless. His arm was trapped in the leather straps and by Castiel’s grasp, and Castiel didn’t ease up until Dean had collapsed back in the chair. The effort affected them both, however. As Dean panted and caught his breath, Castiel gripped the back of the chair to steady himself.
“Thank you,” Castiel said.
Mortimer took a breath. “Well, the Marshals moved out. The town’s suspicions had been proven at last. It seemed Mrs. Bishop had murdered her children. Many more families moved in and out of the house after the Marshals. We fully expected them to find more of the children, but no family lasted very long, you see. Some only a few weeks. A legend began to grow about Mrs. Bishop haunting the house, carrying a sledgehammer that was thought to be the murder weapon.”
Dean eyed it suspiciously. “I thought Bess was on a roobus kick.”
How was Sam supposed to control himself when it felt like Crowley was trying to possess him with his cock? Sam took a deep breath, trying his hardest to relax around Crowley.
“Oh, my god.” The neighbor picked his head up off the desk where he had been buried in laughter, “How? How do you always get the best calls? It’s a gift, Sam!”
“You think I know?”
There was something so beautiful about the way Sam lay like that, so open and expressive. He rolled his body against Castiel, fucking him back, letting each and every jolt of pleasure reflect clearly on his face. Castiel never took Sam to be a prude, but he never would have dreamt he could let himself go like that. And yet, he did it every time for Castiel.
“Long time,” Dean said.
“Well, ghosts can scratch you and throw stuff, but demons can curse you. They can curse an entire family. They can grant you wishes, usually in exchange for stuff, like your firstborn son. And they can follow you and, oh, they can mess with time.”
"Would you stop already? I'm fine," Dean snapped. He was sitting on a moth eaten couch in an old cabin
Sam was doing so well that Gabriel decided to let Sam come the next time. Sam was more than okay with this, but the prospect of it ended up making everything even more intense. Sam was tearing up and sputtering around his gag as Gabriel worked his prostate like a pro, rubbing and gliding into it with every thrust. When he reached around to tease Sam’s cock, Sam clenched up so hard that Gabriel lost his breath and shivered.
“Yeah,” Claire grinned.
Claire sat up straight. She could tell Kaia was holding something back. “Tell me,” she glared at her.
Charley, Gabe, and Claire told Castiel all about the neighborhood when they returned home. They discovered that the walking path went all the way to the church downtown, and they could even walk to school from there. They also found an old fort someone had built in the wooded area just off the path. Castiel advised them to be careful and made a mental note to inspect it himself later.
“Like what?” Sam raised a brow.
Dean’s eyes were hard. “You know, you’re going to have to eat now. And shower. And drink water...”
Dean grinned. “...but if there’s anything I can do to help, you know my number.”
Dean nodded weakly. “Holy… fuck.”
did for him?” Dean sighed heavily. The bitterness in his voice faded though, like a memory. “It took me a while to realize that Sam had it right... that he was looking out for himself and I needed to start doing the same. So one night when I couldn’t take it anymore, I got in the car and drove. I didn’t stop. I visited Sam, then I went all over the place. That’s how I ended up in Derby.”
Dean looked understanding enough. “How’s Meg? Did she go to daycare today?”
Garth considered this seriously. “And you didn’t see him yourself?”
“Uh, yes, yeah,” he said, flustered, “Mr. Fitzgerald was my last client for the day. Come in. I just have some paperwork to do.”
As they all caught up, Castiel told them he was going to be staying in a hotel once Dr. Naomi arranged it. True to Sheriff Mills’ word, Sheriff Hanscum immediately offered them her cabin instead.
Castiel sat with Dean while he ate. He told him all about the Roadhouse, and that Ellen, Bobby, and Jo would be coming by that night to see him. Dean felt his spirits lift considerably, and not just because of the extra bacon.
Something in Dean's voice made Castiel's gaze soften. Dean shut his eyes again and just focused on breathing.
A car turned off the road and into the parking lot. Dean recognized it as it pulled alongside him, momentarily blinding him with light. Garth stuck his head out, looking grim.
Jack ended up carrying Meg through the tour, the other siblings following like talkative shadows. Castiel showed him each room of the house, including the spare room on the ground floor. Jack had helped move some of the furniture in before he left to start his new semester, but he hadn’t seen it all put together. Castiel had made Jack a room in the spare bedroom with all of his things. It looked just like his old room.
Claire scoffed. “Oh, yeah, so I behave and my reward is more school. Great. I’m never behaving again.” Then she stormed up the stairs to her room.
Their smiles faded quickly, weighed down by the impossible task facing them the following day. Dean didn’t think he could stand to bring it up. Not after that. A part of him suddenly hoped he would die in the assault so that his last moment of happiness would be with Cas. The real Cas. Unanalyzed, unspoiled, nothing but bliss memory. But just as Dean decided he wouldn’t say anything about Dick, Castiel brought it up instead.
“Shut up.”
“Rowena will be here soon,” Dean assured him in a voice of forced calm, “I’ll stay with you until then.”
“I don’t know what to do. I’m not as experienced as he is and I… I’m afraid I’m doing something wrong. You’re his brother – do you know if there’s any way I can...” he started making that hand gesture again and Sam cut him off abruptly.
Gabriel smirked.
Castiel was Sam and Dean's right hand man -- or angel -- and Lucifer and Michael decided they rather liked the arrangement. That's how Castiel ended up chained up in the middle of the room, nude and panting, his body was battered and bruised, groaning between Lucifer and Michael.
"You know…" Dean said, his voice choked, "The first thought I had when that girl looked at me? I was grateful.” He tried to laugh. “Grateful that Sam stayed behind. That I was the one who found the wendigo." Dean wiped his eyes with his free hand. He didn't know why he was still talking. Distantly he heard Castiel get up. "I was grateful that it was happening to me, and not Sam."
Dean looked at Castiel and, without a word, Castiel pulled him into his arms. Dean wanted to run, to fight, to do anything but stand there and sink into Castiel's embrace, but he couldn't move. He lowered his face into Castiel's shoulder and felt a warmth that no flames could provide. It pushed the cold off his skin, purging him of sin and putting him back in his body. He put his shaking arms around Castiel. For a moment, he felt no pain. His tears flowed freely but there was no shame. Dean knew what it meant, and he felt sick with himself. He wiped his eyes once more and pulled away.
“One hundred.”
Dean stared at him, unconvinced.
Castiel knew Sam was right, so he followed him into the bathroom.
“H...hey, Dean,” Castiel cleared his throat. “No. Nope. Just doing some cleaning.”
Castiel nodded. “He’s always known Kelly was his biological mom. I kept a lot of pictures and videos of her. He loved Meg, too, of course. He called her Mom. When he was older and started asking more questions, Meg and I told him everything,” he explained. “I grew up in a family full of secrets. I didn’t want to do that to my kids. But he took it well. He’s always been strong.”
“Yes… that’s it, so good, Sam.”
Wincest
Balthazar chuckled darkly.
“Why not?”
“I’m getting you out of here,” Dean hollered above the roar of the flames. He picked Meg up, then put her firmly in Charley’s arms. “Take your siblings outside as fast as you can. Don’t look back. Now, Charley! Go!”
Things were going better than usual. Dean was loose and groaning freely. Castiel would say things like “Giddyup, cowboy”, making Dean smirk and fuck back. His expression screwed up whenever Castiel found his sweet spot. Castiel could tell Dean felt good, but it wasn’t enough. Something was still off. Dean’s lips were parted and his head was tipped back like he was concentrating hard. Much too hard.
Castiel was silent for a moment, but then he got up at last.
Dean gave him a weary look and Garth grimaced.
“Alright, you can sleep with me tonight. But just tonight.”
"Cas, Cas…" Dean breathed, "I appreciate the effort but…"
“You did the right thing, Cas,” Dean said quietly. “Meg would be proud.”
His attention was drawn back to the porch when the light flickered momentarily. Then, without warning, it went out. Officer Gadreel squinted as the darkened porch, failing to notice the icy fog creeping up his window.
“Why?”
Sam moaned shamelessly. Crowley was so big. Sam could feel him filling his body in way no one else ever had, reaching spots that had never even been touched by anyone but Crowley.
“You ever done this before, Dean-o?”
It was a picture of Castiel. Except, he looked about five years younger and had his arm draped over a pretty, dark-haired girl with a mischievous smile. She was half hugging him. They looked inseparable. He noticed they were both wearing lanyards with what looked like hospital IDs. Dean smiled at their unmistakable happiness, although a sadness he couldn’t identify was filling him all the same. Surely this was the children's mother. Meg looked just like her. If they were divorced Castiel wouldn’t have a picture like this, and yet it was obvious that this was a bedroom for one.
Sam sighed and sat back, covering himself back up in the blanket. “Dean. I’m not going to just sit here all day. There’s a case in Oklahoma. We need to...”
Dean grit his teeth and slammed his eyes shut to still himself while his orgasm burst out of him. He soaked the floor and painted the cane with his release, shaking violently. Cain kept tapping him, drawing his spasms out, and Dean just focused on Cain’s grip on his shoulder. He whined and groaned in his throat but didn’t move. His orgasm deepened even more for being restrained, both physically and by Cain’s command, and Dean nearly whited out from the force of it. A tear escaped his eyes and he couldn’t have cared less. He would have cried freely if he had the power, but his body was beyond control. Finally he shuddered to a halt and his body relaxed. Dean gasped like he’d come out of water.
Sam blinked. “Holy oil? Really?”
“Hm,” Castiel considered this. “She sounds like an idiot.”
Dean shrugged noncommittally.
Dean got to five before Cain really hit him hard again. He hit his stomach this time, making Dean keen forward. Cain grabbed his jaw and forced him to sit up straight. Dean didn’t resist, just kept counting blindly.
"Now now, Samuel," Rowena was already taking out a tiny mirror and fixing her hair, "if you'll let me, I have a wee spell to remove that stick from up your arse."
Castiel finally stopped talking. He sunk into the chair and stared at his fingers in defeat.
“Oh, right…”
Dean smiled serenely. “More than anything.”
Sam squared his jaw and looked Gabriel in the eye, then leaned over and kissed him. Gabriel's grin softened.
“Well,” Ed said suddenly, “we’re… the
“I prayed for you twenty minutes ago!” Dean shouted.
A chill swallowed Castiel whole. He looked away and back again, but the figure was still there. Something painful was pressing against his ribcage, threatening to break it, but his mind had gone completely blank. Only one thought was now reverberating through his skull—he hadn’t locked the door.
“Good, good,” Dean cleared his throat, now clearly avoiding looking at his screen’s display which was facing away from Sam. “That prankster, whoever he is, he’s been causing trouble for you guys too, I’m sure.”
Sam knew Castiel was stopping him for good, and he got up on his knees, gasping and sputtering. He was completely erect.
“They suck out their soul and...” But Sam didn’t finished that sentence. Sam gasped in surprise, “Fuck...”
“Help yourself.”
“We’re going to stay calm,” Castiel said firmly. “We won’t be able to do anything if we’re not calm. Okay? We’ll figure this out. Together.”
“Me? Oh, no. Just a dorky little brother,” he grinned.
? Kill him!" She shrieked.
“Well,” Dean mused, “because I also happen to be an electrician.”
Sam was enjoying a quiet morning alone in the Men of Letters’ library. He had a book open at the table and was sipping a fresh cup of coffee when he heard the familiar whoosh of air that signaled Castiel.
Meg cheered, “Yay poop!”
Sam moaned. He couldn’t even correct Crowley’s misuse of his name. He didn’t even want to. It was so twisted, being hung there watching Crowley pleasure himself while Sam’s entire body ached and trembled and leaked on the floor in need.
“Tell me you want this, Sammy. Tell me you want my ass. Come on!”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “I mean, incense and yoga might do the trick but I don’t think Hannah would be too keen on that.” He joked. That was the sort of thing Sam would do, come to think of it.
“...Sam.” Sam deflated.
“Dean!” Sam gaped at him.
“That’s it. Control it. Fight it!” Cain snarled.
Slowly, Castiel’s thrusts came to a halt, leaving the two of them panting and heaving in unison. Sam’s arms fell above him as Castiel continued lapping up his release. They rarely had time to enjoy the aftermath in peace, so Sam was eager to lay back and savor it, even though he needed a shower worse than ever. Castiel stayed lodged in Sam’s body while he licked off his sweat and cum, tasting the curves of Sam’s chiseled stomach and chest.
A girl around Claire’s age was walking along the opposite side of the street and staring at their house. She had dark hair, a strong face, and brooding eyes. She accidentally made eye contact with Claire and Claire made a rude face at her. The girl made one back. Then Gabe hit Claire with another bullet and Claire turned on him, grabbing her lightsaber with renewed vigor.
“So, I’ve been thinking.” Sam said in his ridiculously nasally voice that Dean had given up making fun of in the hopes Sam would get pissed enough to take some damn DayQuil. “It’s that case I saw last night. I know you don’t think it’s a case, but...” Sam stopped abruptly, because Dean was herding him out of his chair at the Men of Letters’ table.
“This is the largest cage I have, Sam.” Crowley hummed in approval, locking the cage around Sam’s cock, “I don’t call you ‘Moose’ for nothing.”
Dean nodded. “I’ve always liked this house. It’s one of the oldest around, you know? There’s a lot of history in these walls.”
“I’m your brother,” Sam said firmly. “That’s…” his confidence wavered for a moment, but he pressed on, “that’s what I want to be.”
Castiel looked surprised by the question, and it reignited Dean's shame.
Dean stared at him, losing himself for a moment in those light, grieving eyes.
Castiel nodded again, resisting the urge to glance at the kitchen sink.
Dean closed his eyes as those words shook him with pleasure. As a reward, he found Sam's sweet spot and fucked him hard. All Sam could do was let it wreck him. He was completely knotted in no time, hovering on the edge of orgasm and moaning in encouragement as Dean assaulted his prostate.
Castiel’s smile faded, however. A fresh wave of guilt was coursing through him.. “Dean… I’m sorry. About everything.”
“Hey,” Dean looked winded, but smiled. “Hey, Cas.”
"Oh hell yes," Dean said at once.
Jack pulled them up on his phone. “They look easy enough. You just draw this on the floor, say some stuff, and it makes the demons leave. Should we do it tonight?”
“Went crazy?” Garth offered. “Yeah, maybe. But we don’t even know if the dad is dead.” He took a thoughtful bite of his enchilada. “You know, when I was doing research on the Bishop family, Mr. Bishop’s side, I mean, I saw a lot of weird stuff. Most of his ancestors disappeared or died strange deaths. A lot of them lost children, too. Always boys, though. It’s weird. It’s like his family was cursed. Poor guy.”
“Sam?”
“Such a tease, darling.”
“That’d be great, thanks.”
post it. I love Rowenazar so much XD
Until that point, Sam had only eyes for his brother, but Castiel watched as Sam spotted the unused blood bags and untouched fridge. Sam hesitated, then looked down at Castiel. Castiel could see a flicker of deep concern crack Sam’s celebration.
“You can take a shower now,” Castiel concluded.
“Cas…” Dean said hoarsely, watching him turn on the bathroom light. “That was…” he rose his brows and gave him an impressed look.
“Cas,” Dean said, his voice quiet but severe, “None of that was your fault.”
“Prove it.”
It was one of those boring bunker days when Sam and Dean couldn’t find anything to hunt. Castiel was busy doing angel things, whatever those were, and there wasn’t a single thing Dean could do to the Impala. She was perfect. Bored and restless, Dean went into Sam’s room looking for something to occupy his mind.
Sam’s eyes went hazy.
Sam got up and stretched stiffly, “He knows.” Meg dismissed him in Sam’s voice. He walked over to Castiel and patted his head. “Heal up, buttercup. You’re hurt.”
“There,” Dean said, stepping back.
“...Is that completely necessary?”
Sam thrashed and panted on the floor, shaking as the vibrator seemed to push and pull his body in every direction, sending wave after wave of arousal to his balls.
“You forgot Felix!” Meg said, “He ate a whole mouse today! It took forty hours. I watched.”
Castiel looked Dean over. He didn't seem to have heard a word Dean said. He was staring at Dean's singed sleeve.
Castiel opened the screen door to see Dean’s familiar figure walking up to the porch. He couldn't but notice he was a little bow-legged. It suited him, though. Even at a distance, he was cute.
Sam wanted to elbow him but he was too shaky, so he just glared at him instead. Still, the glazed look in his eyes was undeniable and it made Dean grin like an idiot.
"Dean."
He put his robe on, but when he went to put on his slippers, he leapt back in alarm. He picked up the slipper and found Felix had joined their slumber party, having been rescued from the ghost as well. Castiel scooped up their littlest family member, put on both slippers, and stepped out into the hallway.
Gabe held the doorknob, his toothbrush clenched in his fist, looking pale and wide-eyed.
“What about the soul eaters?” Gabriel asked curiously while Sam removed Gabriel’s pants and lowered his head.
Sam hummed in interest and immediately kissed back, nipping and sucking on his lips. They made out shamelessly in the warehouse, humping and grinding against each other, until Castiel couldn’t take anymore. They began stripping each other and, in less than a minute, Castiel was pushing Sam onto the floor. Sam’ was half naked with his jeans and boxers around one leg and his shirt pulled up. He was missing a boot. Castiel’s pants were around his calves and his shirt was open. He lifted Sam’s butt off the warehouse floor, prepped him with grace, then sank his cock deep into Sam’s tight, wet body.
“Was that too much?” Dean pressed a lingering kiss into his hair.
“I’ve been wanting to breed you for years.” Gabriel whispered against Sam’s ear, then pushed Sam’s head down onto the seat, “You’re the perfect specimen.” His eyes raked over Sam’s bent body.
Officer Hanscum arrived shortly after with the new door. She was as bright and bubbly as she sounded, and she was also good with tools. She helped Castiel fit the door in while Jack tried to get the kids to bed. None of them wanted to go to bed alone, however, so Castiel set them up with a movie in the living room while the two police women took the old, battered door outside.
For a moment, only the sound of the crackling wood filled the cabin. Dean was inexpressibly grateful for the silence.
When Sam got to Castiel’s feet, Castiel swallowed and licked his lips. Sam noticed.
Castiel considered this patiently. “How about a cat? They poop less.”
“Dean!” Castiel came pelting into the room, followed closely by Jack.
“Great plan, Dean,” Sam muttered to himself, taking a seat outside the cabin with his shotgun. “If another werewolf comes I’ll just tell them to form a queue. ‘Your murder is very important to us’.” Sam huffed. “Once my brother’s done getting ass we’ll be right with you.”
Castiel seemed to be going through some sort of internal transformation. One moment he was clutching the floor and groaning in pain, and the next moment he was growling and eyeing Dean hungrily. Dean could feel the angel trap pulsing with power.
Ketch’s hips pumped hungrily into Sam’s ass while Sam stroked himself faster than ever. Within seconds, they were both seizing up and trembling. Sam came first, spasming in bliss with his cheek pressed against the tile floor. He moaned hotly and arched up like he couldn’t get enough of Ketch’s cock. Ketch came within seconds. He pulled out quickly and stroked himself through it, groaning heavily. He sank down into a sitting position against the table leg while he caught his breath. It took him longer than Sam.
Dean wiped sweat off his brow as he threw his tools into his trunk. He’d just finished up on Castiel’s van and he was extremely thirsty. He wished he’d brought a change of clothes, or at least a new shirt. His back was sweaty and he smelled like oil. He sneaked a swig of his flask and, by chance, glanced up at the second story of Castiel’s house. He froze, his expression opening in fear as he saw Meg’s room. It was flickering, as if a fire had started.
Castiel’s hands flew to side of the tub and Sam sucked him into his mouth. It was a little soapy, but it tasted mostly like Castiel’s precum. Sam sucked him at a steady pace, lavishing him with his cheeks and tongue. Castiel moaned, his hand drifting to Sam’s head.
“I just…I just fixed that.”
“Hey Cas,” Dean greeted him casually, “I didn’t realize you were here.”
Sam knew what would happen next. Dean could see it in his eyes. Sam stared hungrily as Dean lubed himself up. Dean adjusted the spreader bar so that he could sit between Sam’s dripping, flushed thighs. Then he readjusted it so that Sam’s legs were spread wide. He slid a wedge under Sam’s lower back, forcing an arch in his spine. His hole was gaping slightly from the toy and leaking lube, and it had never looked so inviting. Dean stroked it with his fingers, then slid in just to feel his body.
Sam huffed a laugh, driving himself the tiniest bit deeper to fill Dean completely. Dean moaned. Sam gripped under Dean’s thighs, so that Dean could do nothing but take it as Sam slid out and pumped back in, completing his bondage. Dean took a shaky breath, so overcome with it. Soon Sam was fucking Dean slowly but purposefully. Deeply. Dean couldn’t remember feeling anything so intense. Dean’s chains were taught as he relied on Sam’s brute strength and gravity to fuck him. Sam didn’t seem to mind at all. He took over completely, letting Dean just feel it.
“You know, we really should do that more often.” He handed Sam a plate, “That was… therapeutic.”
"Trust me,” Dean ignored Balthazar and approached the devil’s trap, "sending you back to Crowley will be much worse than death."
Sam liked the sound of that, even if he was leaning entirely on the seat and looking like he’d just lost a fight to pack of werewolves.
Castiel finally seemed to understand. He slammed the door shut and loosened his tie. Meg hummed in interest and stayed right where she was.
Crowley was pleased by Sam’s understanding of his situation. He sat himself at the chair with the straps, facing Sam. Crowley rose a brow at him, “Now, Samantha, on a scale from one to ten, how are you feeling right now?” He played, unbuckling his pants.
Ketch ignored him. He was bare chested before he stopped. He straightened out his undershirt then began wrapping it around Dean’s arm, “I assume you’ll insist on driving back, so unless you want to bleed all over your...” he took a deep breath, “
Sam was beside himself. That extra inch of his cock seemed to have the combined sensitivity of his head and shaft. It finally swelled to its full extent inside of Dean and Sam came, hard, hips pressed against Dean’s stretched hole. Dean dropped his forehead and palms onto the carpet and just moaned. Sam lost track of how many times he pulsed inside of Dean, planting his knot deep and letting it pin Dean’s ass to the floor every time. His thighs and knees were covered in Dean’s slick and his own sweat.
“No, I didn’t!”
“Yeah, Cas.”
“Don’t worry,” Castiel said gently. “I’ll call a plumber. This house sat vacant for a while so it’s probably not used to people being here. Now, how about breakfast?”
Castiel felt dizzy, “I… that’s… Sam wouldn’t want me to know that. Even if it’s true.”
Caning
Her tiny voice seemed to echo around them, and Sheriff Mills and Garth both looked around. The place where the front door had once been was dark. Smoke billowed out of it, as if a tunnel had opened up, but there was no one there.
Castiel put his things away and headed into the kitchen. He chatted quietly with Dean for a bit, not wanting to disturb Meg in the livingroom. It was a peaceful sort of moment.
“Did you know she's brought an angel to my lair?” Crowley ranted. “
.” He dropped his voice. “We’re here to rid your house… of ghosts.”
“We moved around a lot,” he went on, “so we were always the new kids. It sucked. But fighting back never worked. Not really.”
“Dad said to stay inside.”
Charley had come out to see what was going on. He’d barely put his glasses on.
A half hour later Castiel Shurley was brought in. It was always surreal when a member of staff was brought to work via ambulance, and this was no different. Jack and his siblings came in with him, and after a quick check-up they were taken to the staff lounge while Castiel was x-rayed and treated for smoke inhalation.
"Good point," Gabriel beamed at him, "Wouldn't want to piss off that handsome son-of-a-gun."
Dom!Cain, Sub!Dean, masochist!Dean, Bondage, Blindfolds, Chains, mixed Pain and Pleasure, Orgasm Control, Forced Confessions, Punishment, mild Cock&Ball Abuse, mild Footplay
“Twenty minutes, Sam. That’s a new record.” Crowley purred, kissing the marks on his neck.
“Of course,” Castiel said. “Please, come in.”
Dean dropped his things, “Seriously?! You son of a bitch!”
Finally, Dean smiled. “There’s room in the Impala. If your wings are tired, this is.”
Castiel jumped up in realization and tried to take the phone, but Meg was taller now. And she was enjoying it. Sam bit back a grin, standing on his tiptoes to keep the phone just out of reach of Castiel. “No, nothing’s wrong at all! I feel better than usual actually. Sexier, too. Mhm. No, you had it right the first time...” He sounded bored again. “Yes, yes… I’ll leave your brother once we’re...” There was a loud click. “Huh.” Sam looked in the phone in mild amusement. “He hung up on his own brother. What an ass.”
Garth was looking impressed. “We spent years trying to get rid of that thing, and all it took was two pissed off moms. Jeez. I’d better call Bess.”
Castiel gave Claire a knowing smile. “His name is Dean. And no, I’m not thinking about anybody’s butt. I have my own to worry about.”
Castiel gave him a warning look.
“You think I can’t tell?” he mused, leaning forward in his bonds. “I’m a demon, Cas. I can smell it in you. How much grace do you have left, huh? How long until that ‘sanctified blood’ needs a blessing to work on me?”
Sam was the strongest hunter out there now. Humans and demons alike followed his every command. And he was still Dean’s bitch. Dean loved it.
“Get away from my daughter!” Castiel overtook Dean and scooped up Meg.
“Very complicated,” Spruce added, “Very advanced.”
It took a lot to get Sam to moan, but after some extended attention to his slit—Dean knew he was somewhat of a masochist and loved the overstimulation—Sam finally broke. He moaned, and Dean fought back a smile.
Before everyone dispersed after dinner, Castiel told them that Jack was coming over the following afternoon so they’d have to help clean up the house in the morning. They all burst with excitement, although they seemed to have missed the part about cleaning up. It was hard to blame them, though. Castiel couldn’t wait to see Jack, either.
Castiel groaned. The sound was borderline erotic, and it woke a tiny voice in Dean’s head that reminded him quite plainly: you’ve thought about it. You’ve thought about that noise... at the back of your neck. Dean immediately shut the voice down and berated himself for it, but he couldn’t block out Castiel’s voice.
Hey guys, I hope you're enjoying the menagerie so far! I'm so happy with how it's turning out, and I couldn't have done it without your support and motivation! I wanted to let you know that I just created a Patreon and a Ko-fi. So if anyone feel likes enabling my smutty fanfic addiction, you know where to go ;D I'll be posting some art there once I'm allowed -- It's for an event so I have to wait to reveal it.
Sam stared at her in disbelief, "Actually, we do-"
“...That you wanted to pleasure yourself to the sound of my voice.”
As per usual, Meg’s birthday party involved Halloween decorations, costumes, and a lot of cake. This year the menu also included pie, thanks to Dean’s enthusiastic approval and Mortimer divulging his family’s secret recipe for bourbon apple pie.
Finally, Castiel told Dean and Garth what Sheriff Mills had said. As he suspected they were both amazed by the information. They told Castiel that cremating someone usually does away with their ghost. Although they’d burned Mrs. Bishop’s body and the two children’s, and all three of them showed themselves the previous night. It looked like burning the house down did the trick.
“Sh...” Castiel hushed him, although it sounded more like a growl.
“Oh fuck yes.”
Castiel’s eyes fell resignedly on Dean’s knee brace. “I know.”
“That guy was a total asshat.”
Without the pain in Dean's arm, he could feel something else aching. Stinging. Trapping his body to the floorboards of the old cabin like a rock. Dean wished Castiel hadn't healed him. He felt shaky. He shouldn't have drank all the whiskey the night before.
“Yeah.” Sam shook his head in fond disbelief, “Why see a doctor when you can get laid?”
Dean had never seen an angel dream, either, yet he knew at once Castiel was. While blithely unaware in his waking life, it seemed that in sleep his mind was much less at ease. Castiel tossed and turned endlessly in his sleep, and Dean knew why he was doing that, too. He had those kinds of dreams before. Perhaps it was sympathy that made Dean put his guns aside and try to wake him. It didn’t work, but Castiel seemed to relax at Dean’s touch and he’d fall back into a deep sleep all the same.
Dean didn’t respond, so Castiel went on.
Dom Gabriel/Sub Sam, BDSM, Breeding, Bondage, Gags, Multiple Orgasms, and a whole lotta cum (sticky nut juice)
“Oh, absolutely!” he agreed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel didn’t respond. He collected himself, standing up tall, then began preparing the next injection.
“Well,” Ms. Duma’s smile returned quickly, “Welcome to the neighborhood, Castiel and Meg.”
Dean knew at once it was no use. Castiel put Meg in Jack’s arms and seized Dean before he could finish his sentence. Dean felt himself lifted to his feet with surprising strength. He only just managed to grab his rifle as Castiel hauled him bodily from the room.
Dean looked at him and his mind went blank. It was bliss. He knew it was selfish, it was wrong, but he'd never wanted anything so badly in his life. He felt Castiel’s hand move down his arm. He felt Castiel’s fingers intertwine with his. Castiel was so close his nose could have brushed against Dean’s.
Sam paled, "What the hell did you get us into, Rowena?"
“Yeah,” Kaia said freely. “Do you?”
“It’s...”
“Lay down, breathe,” Castiel commanded, tearing off more fabric. He even took a strip of his own pajama pants which had gotten singed.
Charley looked up.
I have a special announcement! I'm now posting updates on what I'm working on, when I'll post, etc, on
“Alright. Thank you, Charlie,” Castiel said.
Castiel’s jaw was slack, and his eyes were hazy. “He really… I mean, he’s really...”
Castiel's wings shrunk instantly. He looked like a guilty dog who'd just snuck a treat, and it almost made Dean start laughing again.
“Let’s get you out of these wet clothes, hm?” She smoothed his coat off his shoulders.
A noise from outside made Castiel look to the front door. Charley had texted him ten minutes ago saying they were walking home, but Castiel didn’t see the kids anywhere out front.
As soon as Castiel was bandaged and Dean's work was done, Dean pushed him onto the floor.
“We named him after my father, Chuck. He disappeared when I was a kid, but then, well, when Charles was a baby we found out my father was still alive, living in another country with another family.”
Sam had been captured by demons, and Crowley came to his rescue. Wrong time, wrong place, blah blah. Killing a Winchester in the present climate was simply bad for business, Crowley informed him. Crowley dismissed his demons and began untying Sam. But there was something about the smell of sweat and blood, something about the sight of Sam so deliciously stretched in chains, that neither of them could resist. Crowley fucked Sam hard and fast, and Sam’s voice broke in a way it never did for the demons torturing him moments prior. Sam was cursing and shouting Crowley’s name over and over again in absolute satisfaction.
Sam frowned, “I’m not sick!”
“Yes. Yes they are,” Castiel agreed. “Total assbutts.”
Finally Sam was unbound and laying against Crowley’s chest. The ropes had left an intricate, red design all over Sam’s body, and Crowley was tracing the lines with his fingers. He watched the lines breathe with Sam, his every muscle relaxed and humming with satisfaction. Crowley stroked the marks on Sam’s neck, admiring them especially. There was something sinfully beautiful about having Sam, by his own will, completely limp and vulnerable in Crowley’s lap; This dangerous hunter who’d stopped the apocalypse, resting on Crowley.
Castiel grunted and Balthazar felt his growing knot begin to drag up and down his walls.
"Dean! Alpha! Oh f..."
Garth’s eyes widened awkwardly. Dean stared at Castiel.
Dean had always been the obedient one, not Sam. Sam was the rebel, the freethinker, but in the bedroom it was a different story. In bed, Dean was the dominant one, and he could make Sam bend for him as easily as he’d pick up a gun.
Castiel’s eyes were as light as Dean’s were black. Dean’s smiling was growing, like a predator lurking beneath the grass.
“You’re an idiot,” Claire said.
The shock and pleasure of it struck them both dumb for a moment before everything clicked. It was like an instant drug high. Dean was suddenly fucking himself on Sam’s cock, and Sam was groaning in satisfaction. The act fulfilled a need both internal and external to them both, and before either one of them realized what was happening Sam was pinning Dean to the floor. He ravaged Dean for hours, panting hungrily while Dean shouted in unbridled relief. Sam was soaked in feverish sweat and his older brother’s slick while his knot grew. Soon, he was filling Dean with load after load of his fertile cum.
The kiss lasted far too long. Sam coughed. Dean groaned. Finally, Rowena slid off of Balthazar who now had an arm around her waist. Balthazar shared a shocked look with Winston, who was paralyzed.
Dean swallowed.
There was a flustered, indignant noise as Sam slammed the door shut.
Dean smiled back.
“Do you…” he began. “Have you seen them? The uh… the...” He couldn’t bring himself to say it.
“Hey Meg,” Dean smiled.
Sam usually rebounded much faster. As he took in his surroundings, he realized that the warmth and comfort he was enjoying was actually Crowley spooning him. It wasn't like Crowley to cuddle him after sex; definitely not for twenty minutes. Sam was actually a little embarrassed. But Crowley’s Armani cologne mixed with the smell of sweat and sex pushed every thought out of Sam’s head and replaced it with warmth.
“Yup. Okay. My bad,” Garth apologized at once, hurriedly putting the car into drive. “Have a good night.”
Dean took a quick breath. "No, no Cas. You're good." He was telling the truth, but still, more tears were forming. "Shit," Dean murmured, wiping his eyes again.
The sensation shivered outwards from Sam’s cock, flooding him with ecstasy so quickly that he flopped his head back on the couch arm and moaned.
Sam groaned. He sat down beside Castiel anticlimactically.
Dean’s hands moved up and down Castiel’s back, and Castiel could feel the muscle in Dean’s arms and the curve of his chest beneath his own. And then they were moving. They backed up blindly, hitting the counter and still kissing one another. Dean’s hands moved to Castiel’s shirt, and Castiel reached up to remove his tie. He wasn’t thinking anymore. He just wanted as much of Dean as Dean was willing to give him.
Dean said his name like a profanity, but Castiel wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of seeing a reaction. Castiel kept his eyes averted, wiping the needle down before he lined it up with his own forearm. He could feel Dean’s cocky grin burning into him.
Despite their conversation, nothing seemed to have changed between Dean and Castiel. In an effort not to repeat their conversation ever again, Sam decided to give Castiel a little more direct help.
“No, nothing like that,” she said. “But the report does say that Mary’s hand was outstretched as if she was reaching towards something. I suppose that would be one of her children she hid in the walls. Ugh.”
"That arrogant bastard," Crowley took a long sip and recrossed his legs.
“Alright.” Dean paused the show. “That’s it.”
“Swear at me all you want, Sammy. But you’re mine tonight,” Dean grinned. He bent over and just breathed on Sam’s cock, making it twitch. “And I am having way too much fun to let you cum.”
At last he seemed to accept it, because he replied, “You know, I was always worried you’d go the same way as Dad. And instead you almost went out like mom.” He laughed weakly, wiping his eyes.
Sam was a different story. From a young age Sam was resigned to being a Beta, based on his father’s frequent comments and backhanded insinuations. When Dean presented as an Omega instead of an Alpha as expected, the brothers made a deal. Once Sam hit puberty and didn’t present, he would help Dean keep up the charade. Except, Sam wasn’t a Beta.
Balthazar hadn't been expecting that answer, nor had he expected Castiel to immediately bend him over and fuck him like an Omega. But there Balthazar was, an Alpha angel, groaning like a slag and loving every second of it. Castiel was like a god, filling Balthazar with relentless, savage pleasure.
Dean smirked and checked to see if it was still on, “Ride ‘em cowboy.”
“Ah. I almost forgot.” Crowley added. He reached around Sam’s head and tied a silk blindfold around his eyes. That surprised Sam.
Dean decided to press his luck and bring Sam more medicine. He took it without a word, only gagging a little.
“Cas, wait! You’re in danger. Meg is in danger! It wasn’t the mo…” but he was cut off by the door slamming in his face.
Sam looked at him, “I thought it was twelve?”
Naomi considered this. “Well, I’ll see if I can arrange something. You and your family can stay here for the time being.”
But Castiel was beside himself. “Get out of my house!”
Bubbles. Bubbles everywhere.
Castiel led Dean up the stairs and into his room, grateful he’d cleaned up a bit that morning and gotten rid of all the children’s toys. Granted, there could have been a horse in the room and Dean wouldn’t have noticed.
Sam and Dean stared at each other. For a while they didn’t speak. It felt like there was something in the room with them, weighing down their voices and making it impossible to move. But when nothing else happened, Sam approached the computer. He had the impression that Dean would gladly pretend this had never happened, so Sam took a steadying breath and rebooted it.
“Can’t we sleep down here?”
“She’s lying.” Sam muttered.
Wednesday afternoon Castiel found himself alone for the first time in days as he set up the cabin’s bathroom for the kids. He was staring at a painting of waterfowl in the mirror’s reflection when a sound made him jump. The sink had turned on. The unexpected rush of water paralyzed Castiel, causing fear to spread through him like smoke, until he realized he’d accidentally nudged the faucet with his wrist. He turned the water off at once.
After hearing what the witch was capable of, Rowena told them that she was probably protecting herself with a revenge spell that would curse whoever killed her with whatever her most powerful spell was. The four of them assumed it would be the mind control spell, but there was no way to know for sure, so Castiel decided he should be the one to kill the witch.
After a few lazy moments, Castiel could feel Dean's comfort returning. Dean began gently stroking Castiel's wings and smiling slightly.
That was Castiel’s favorite smell. All of Sam’s smells condensed to one, pure, beautiful musk, seeping out of his cock and onto his chest. Castiel dipped down to taste it fresh. He licked his tongue up Sam’s wrecked, heaving body. It was so intoxicating that, in the next second, he came into Sam’s ass with a heartfelt groan, hips splayed against Sam. Sam mirrored the sound, feeling Castiel fill him up.
Luckily, Castiel came to quickly. He pulled out and got off of Dean, leaving Dean feeling winded and oddly empty. Between Castiel’s heavy breaths and pants, he heard a zip. If Castiel had enough presence of mind to cloth himself, Dean wondered if he was back to normal. Dean glanced sideways at him, barely seeing him. He still looked feral, but there was more intent to his gaze. His eyes weren’t glowing, either. Dean felt Castiel grab him and turn him on his back. Dean felt like he was made of cement. Castiel looked around and found his jeans and boots.
Worried his moving around was bothering Dean, Castiel stopped preening. His wings settled back down, the feathers deflating slowly. He found himself staring at the color. He'd always been fond of blue, although he had been jealous of that one parrot in the Amazon jungle. He had the most lustrous, shimmering emerald feathers. He’d turned his eyes to Castiel, black like shiny stones, and cawed as if to say "you would look better in green". Cas assumed he was being mocked and flew away, but perhaps the parrot had been correct, as parrots often were.
As the kids came downstairs, Castiel began to make breakfast. He felt better when he was busy. Claire woke up last and asked if Kaia could come over first thing.
It felt like an entire lifetime passed during that kiss, and yet Dean suddenly found himself moving again. Seconds later he was wedged between Castiel’s legs and kissing him deeply. His need was reciprocated as Castiel helped him remove his shirt. Castiel was warm and firm beneath him, with just the right amount of give, and Castiel kissed him encouragingly as they both stripped naked. Dean pulled Castiel’s bare chest against his own and revelled in the sensation. He’d seen Cas all but naked before. He’d pulled bullets and shrapnel out of Castiel’s body. Yet he’d never felt Castiel’s body like this: hot and pressing and moving against Dean’s. It felt like a dream.
“Sorry, I just… I thought I heard… it’s nothing,” Castiel said quickly, but his voice trembled.
“It is,” Castiel adjusted Meg so she could see the woman. “Are you Ms. Duma?”
“There we are.” Crowley smiled, “How’s that feel, love?”
The kids exchanged curious looks as Castiel took out his phone.
Sam was hit with a wave of fresh pleasure as he lost his last inch of breathing room. He leaned his chest against Dean's thigh as a tight ecstasy squeezed him from all sides, weakening his grip on reality. But then something made him choke on Dean's cock in earnest.
Dean stared at him, unsure what to say even though he knew the answer. It was because he, too, was a wendigo, masquerading as the human being it once was. Consuming others to stay alive, letting people die just to hold onto that cursed life
Dean swallowed. “You uh… we were in bed. And you were behind me. F...” Dean couldn’t say it. Partly because it was humiliating, but partly because Gabriel was pinching his nipple and making Dean squirm. They were way more sensitive than usual. “F...fucking me.”
“Yes! Oh f...fuck yes!”
Sam popped his lips off of his toes to speak, “Here? In the tub?”
The Ghostfacers looked like Christmas had been cancelled. They attempted to plead their case as they clumsily grabbed all their stuff, but Castiel herded them out the front door like an aggressive sheepdog.
So on that particular night, Sam found himself chained to the floor where his demons awaited judgment, prostrated before the throne of Hell. The objectification of it had his head spinning, especially while Dean sat in his throne watching him come undone.
Castiel left his room to go make coffee, smiling slightly at the lines of salt he made around the kids’ doors the previous night, but he noticed right away that one line had been breached. Castiel found Charley’s salt line broken and saw Charley sleeping against the wall in the corner of the hallway landing. Castiel hurried over to him.
Bondage, Forced Orgasms, Grace Orgasms, Blow Jobs, Anal, Spit-roasting
Meg was standing there in a bright, summer dress, casually rifling through his duffel bag.
Dean had let him talk himself into silence, nodding sympathetically. At last he said, “Well, you’re not. I may not be a psychologist, but…”
Castiel took the sealed bag and opened it. The smell was a welcome distraction.
“Clearly.” he glanced around, making sure the coast was still clear. Then he smiled at Dean. It was one of those rare, human things that Castiel only did for him.
"Dean…" Sam began to protest. It would surely be too much of a burden. But Dean cut him off.
Castiel opened his eyes and saw Dean's gaze had begun to smoulder. Guilt was overridden by more animalistic drives, and Castiel pulled Dean into a kiss. Dean met him gladly, opening the kiss and leaning into him fully. He sat completely on Castiel's lap, feeling the inside of Castiel's wing while Castiel’s arms wrapped around him. The kiss became insatiable, but it wasn't until Castiel felt Dean roll his hips into him that Castiel stopped.
There were only two spots on Dean’s body that were not being lashed while Dean counted: Dean’s forearm, where the Mark of Cain lay, and the open cut across Dean’s upper stomach from where Cain punished him. Dean couldn’t feel either spots anymore. Every inch of his body felt like it was expanding, leaving him endlessly vulnerable to each hit in a vicious cycle of pleasure and pain.
"Tell me about it!" Rowena said. "What kind of apology was that?"
“No.”
Sam glared harder. Dean’s expression was so cheeky that Sam couldn’t keep it up, though. He felt better than he had in days, even if he looked like he'd just been in a hurricane. He broke into an exasperated smile.
“No,” Crowley replied immediately. “And I suggest one of you get another room. Unless you want to share.” His voice dropped to a sultry tone and he rose a brow at Dean.
“One problem at a time, Sam,” Dean spoke up.
Unfortunately, Sam was about as helpful as Castiel in the 'let's have fun' department. After Sam suggested they update the old Men of Letters’ catalog system, which would involve going through every dusty file in the place, Dean felt like banging his head on the wall.
“...Dean! Dean!” Sam breathed.
“Yes, well, there’s all sorts of things about me that you don’t know,” Ketch asserted.
An elevator jostled up to the seventeenth floor of an office building, filled with early morning workers wearing everything from suits to polo's. As the doors opened, a hum of idle chatter filled the small space, punctuated by a ringing phone here and there. The polo-wearers trudged out, travel mugs and folders in hand.
Piece by piece, Dean began releasing Sam from his bonds. Although Sam wasn’t going anywhere. He felt like static; like he was floating through space with no mass, just throbbing vaguely with pleasure. He felt Dean pull him off the floor and into a spooning position sitting up against the throne. He could smell blood. As if reading Sam’s mind, Dean placed his palm over Sam’s mouth. Sam drank from his brother, and Dean rested his head on the seat on his throne.
Gabe was still glowering, but Charley nudged him so Gabe muttered a thoroughly unconvincing, “Sorry, dad.”
When Dean had emptied himself completely into Sam, he collapsed and took him into a long, satisfied kiss. Sam kissed back weakly, barely moving his lips. He was always slow to recover after a round or two with Dean, but Dean loved that too. He felt a rush of pride for a job well done, and kissed Sam patiently, savoring his taste while his knot slowly deflated and Sam came around.
Charley, the eldest, stuck his head out the kitchen window. "It's already open!"
There was no use denying it. Here was a man who dealt with death more frequently than even Castiel. Perhaps more than any of the doctors at St. Francis hospital. Castiel sighed heavily.
A buzzing noise interrupted their kiss and they broke apart. Castiel’s phone had disappeared somewhere. Dean let him up to find it.
Sam didn’t know how it went so bad so fast – they were just supposed to be keeping watch. Castiel, Meg, and himself were outside the warehouse while Dean and Benny sneaked around inside. It was an odd group, but desperate times called for desperate measures. The next thing they knew, demons were swarming them from all sides and Meg was down. Sam got Meg to safety while Castiel fought them off.
Once Crowley was finished, he removed himself from Sam and walked back around him. For a moment Sam thought Crowley was pulling himself back together. Sam hadn’t seen him so lost in pleasure since he was injecting human blood. It was the sexiest thing Sam had ever seen. But Crowley wasn’t finished with Sam.
Sam smiled and got comfortable in Gabriel's arms.
“If I hear you’ve skipped class again, even once, you’ll be grounded until Christmas,” Castiel said finally.
“I appreciate the business,” he smiled lightly.
Castiel’s lips parted in a silent gasp. Dean flashed him a smile, and Castiel returned it this time. Heart pounding, he watched hazily as Dean sat up. With Castiel’s hand supporting Dean’s hips, he lined himself up over Castiel’s cock. Castiel could feel the heat of Dean’s entrance press against him, and Castiel’s chest swelled. Then Dean planted one hand on Castiel’s chest, keeping one between his legs, and sank down slowly.
In the morning, Sam was surprised to find Dean awake first. He was sipping coffee and sitting funny at the Men of Letter’s table, looking oddly at peace with the world. Sam poured himself a cup and joined Dean in silence.
Soon Sam was fucking him in earnest and the bathroom was filled with the sounds of water splashing, heavy moaning, and sex. The bubbles were nearly all driven away, and Sam watched as Castiel’s hips bobbed in the water, the cusp of his head glistening wet in the bathroom air.
Castiel paused. That was exactly what he would have done. It wouldn't have even occurred to him that Dean enjoyed seeing them, not after they broke. This revelation filled Castiel with affection, but still, he sighed. "I wish you could have seen them before. They were… magnificent."
“I don’t think it was,” Jack said seriously. “He doesn’t seem like the type.”
“Lucky me...” He smiled breathlessly.
Sam panted, screwing up his concentration to just endure Crowley’s voice; That raspy, low, growl of a voice that set Sam alight with lust.
Fake Relationships
“I’m not leaving you,” Castiel said fiercely. “Hold still.”
Castiel’s smile faded in the moonlight. It was chilly and windy outside. Autumn had arrived at last. Leaves swept down the street, dancing in the lamplight. A few houses had begun to put up Halloween decorations. Castiel’s eyes dropped to his own porch, lingering on the subtle dip in the wood right in front of the door. He stared at it for a long time then, at last, shut the door and went to bed.
Claire gave her such a skeptical look that Kaia broke into a smile. She bit the head off a gummy worm then asked keenly, “Do you know what a time loop is?”
“You said you already tried to fix it with this?” Dean asked.
“Dean, hey...” Castiel said awkwardly.
"Omnis legio!” Sam rose his voice. “Omnis congregatio et secta diabolica!"
Suddenly a loud sound made Dean bang his head on the cabinet.
Gabriel rose a brow. "You sure? Cuz…" He loosened his tie and lowered his voice, "I've always wanted to bang my secretary."
Cain dragged the tip of the instrument up and over Dean’s glistening shoulder. “You have no idea what Lucifer did to me. Consider yourself lucky.”
Cain slapped him again, and when Dean failed to keep quiet, Cain didn’t respond. He gave Dean a brief reprieve for which he was thankful.
Meg seemed to take that as an answer, although Jack was looking at Castiel curiously. “How do we fix this?” He asked.
“C’mon, we gotta get everyone out of here.”
. You’re getting off on seeing me in this giant, muscular body.”
Sam and Dean made out of the Men of Letter’s couch, slowly, warmly. Then Dean let Sam handcuff him to the railing behind the couch. Sam could tell Dean needed this, and Sam was more than willing to give it to him. He slid a knee under Dean, so Dean was sitting on Sam’s lap, Dean’s back on the couch and his hands restrained above him. Sam resumed their kiss, a slow but seeking kiss, as he unbuttoned Dean’s shirt.
Garth chuckled softly. But Dean’s impassioned dislike of the Ghostfacers faded quickly, and he was back to staring moodily out the window.
“So what are you going to tell your boys when they call?” she asked, playing with Castiel’s tie. It was so loose that it slipped right off. Meg threw it mischievously.
“But you already did.”
John Winchester was so proud that his first born son was an Alpha. Even as a child, Dean was so headstrong and fearless, just like his old man. He even presented early, a sign that Dean was a fast maturing, extraordinary Alpha, just like their mother. But there was a problem with this. Dean wasn’t an Alpha.
For a moment nothing happened, but then Castiel lunged. He sprung on Dean like a wild animal, pinning him to the floor with inhuman strength. Dean gasped and, like a spark of ignition, his instincts kicked in. He thrashed, struggling for some control at least, but it was useless. Castiel held him to the floor with one hand on his collarbone, the other crushing Dean’s bicep. He was beyond reasoning, and Dean wasn’t going anywhere.
Alpha!Dean x Alpha!Ketch, Tattoo Kink, Face-Fucking, Scents and Smells (and Tastes), PowerBottom/Dom!Dean, Top/Sub!Ketch, Dean is awesome at oral
He glanced at his dad, who was smiling gently, and explained, “She didn’t hurt her kids. The dad did. She was trying to save them. But… she failed. I think she was trying to protect us from… whatever was inside Mr. Bishop.”
Castiel doubled his efforts, making Sam whine and seize up in the sheets.
Sam outright refused at first, but Dean knew it was out of fear: he didn’t want to hurt Dean, or get caught and unravel Dean’s charade. But this was the only way. Dean tore off Sam’s underwear, forced his wrists apart, and sank down on him, already dripping slick down his own thigh.
“Mr. Shirley, your kids are in danger!” Harry begged, but there was no real sympathy in his voice.
“I do trust you.” Sam said breathlessly.
“Yeah, I just checked.”
“You saw someone on your front porch?” Dean asked.
Castiel paused again.
“Did you see her?” Meg asked Castiel. “Did you see mom?”
Garth arrived to drive him, and a short while later he was helping Dean inside the physical therapy building down the street. Dean’s therapist was nowhere near as friendly a sight as Castiel. Dr. Uriel was a large, severe-looking man who Dean firmly believed enjoyed putting people in pain. He was, in Dean’s objective opinion, a complete ass.
They had a million problems headed their way, but in that moment it felt as if the biggest ones had been conquered and, somehow, Castiel knew it would all be okay.
“If it was spontaneous human combustion then no, it wouldn’t be. But there’s only like, a few cases of that worldwide and most people don’t even think it’s a real thing.”
“Oh, this place always needs fixing,” Dean said. “I knew the last owners.”
"Cas, oh Cas… harder."
Castiel’s orgasm felt prolonged. Maybe it was the magic, maybe it was just how angels came. Dean had no clue. He just lay there, aching and throbbing in both bliss and exhaustion, somewhere on the verge of consciousness.
“Yes. I thought so, too.” He eyed Sam approvingly.
Dean gave her a wry smile at this and said, “I think I know a guy.”
Something clicked in Sam’s head. “Dean. You wouldn’t do research to save your life. I’ve seen it.” Sam eyed him suspiciously. “Did you actually look up which tea...”
Dean listened.
Sam lifted an arm to smack him, but Dean caught it, “Bad dog,” then kissed the smile off his face.
Jack smiled at him.
Dean turned the light on. He had bags under his eyes and his hair was a mess.
“Dean?"
None of the kids said anything. Even Claire went quiet. Finally, Meg leaned over to whisper in Castiel’s ear, although her voice was completely audible, “It was the ghost, Daddy.
“Good.” Sam said simply. He stroked Castiel’s cock slowly and luxuriously, massaging his foot all the while. The soap made good lotion and lube; Castiel’s cock was hard but slick, easy to glide his fist over.
Ketch had to admit he was curious. He had never truly seen Sam work a case, and he’d been told that Sam was simply the best. As it turned out, these rumors were vastly understated. Sam was a convincing and effective liar, proficient in both evasion and combat, and a natural born killer. In other words, everything that made Ketch’s nether regions quiver.
“Okay thanks!” She sprinted off.
Jon’s voice came from the speakers.
“Charley started it!”
As Castiel walked into his building he greeted the other therapists and nurses then went right to his office. It was a small room with a desk and computer connected to a larger workroom with mats, physical therapy equipment, and an exam table. Castiel shut his office door and got to work.
“Something…”
Destiel
"What about Dean? Isn’t he still trapped in here?"
“Gabe… Gabriel!” He called out to him.
Castiel glanced at him warily, “That was risky, Sam. If you hadn’t gotten to me in time you would have been warded, too.”
“Sounds like my ex,” the man grinned.
“Nothing,” Claire said quickly. She didn’t have any injuries, notes from school, or anything else worrisome. She looked perfectly angelic, as she always did when she knew she was in trouble.
"Don't play with your food, Lucifer," Michael crooned. His hands were locked around Castiel's hips as he methodically had his way with him.
Sam's eyes flew shut and he tossed his head back, mouthing Dean's name silently.
Castiel flushed, too.
Dean scoffed, stuffing his face, “This is therapy.” He said, “No, this is better than therapy.”
"But… you prayed for my help. Why?"
Claire looked to where she’d been sleeping and saw the pendant on the ground. She got down on all fours to grab it, but with a sudden lurch she felt herself fall sideways and slide down the floor.
Sam quirked a brow, “You’re getting off on this, aren’t you?”
“I’m glad you’re okay, Dean,” he said seriously. “I just wish… I wish I had been there.”
Dean breathed slowly in relief. “Meg,” he said, “what are you doing down here?”
The kids all loved Dean, and Castiel forgot how much he missed having someone around to talk to. It had been so long since he could rely on someone other than himself, and it was more gratifying than he could express. Castiel frequently came home to a warm meal, all of the kids’ tended to and happy, and the prospect of another enjoyable night relaxing with Dean by his side.
Sam smiled breathlessly, “There you go, Dean.” The angle allowed Sam to press harder against Dean’s prostate with each stroke and fill him completely at the same time.
They groaned in unison as Meg sank down. She was so smooth and wet. Castiel watched his cock disappear into her body, until she was sitting flush on Castiel’s hips.
Castiel hadn’t meant to sound harsh, but something in his chest had become suddenly painful. It was like a balloon had just popped, deflating him. “I don’t know about any ‘legend’, and frankly I don’t want to.” Dean’s expression hardened. He opened his mouth as if to argue, so Castiel added, “This is my family’s home now. And if you’re only here because of a legend then you can leave.”
“Okay,” Dean said to himself, then poured another green shot.
“Meg, I don’t think sparkly beads will scare off ghosts…” was a sentence Castiel never thought he’d need to say in his life.
Sam jumped, instinctively covering his crotch. He rolled his eyes, “Really, Cas? You could’ve said something.”
Sam turned the shower off after a few minutes, then stepped back out to grab a towel. He foot stepped in something slick. It was a testament to how unusual his life was that he assumed it was blood and continued fetching his towel. Then he looked down, perhaps realizing blood wouldn’t be normal to step in in his own bathroom. He froze.
Castiel’s heart went from sinking with dread to pounding with adrenaline so fast that he felt like he was on a rollercoaster, even as he stood completely still with his hands on the kitchen sink. Had he been about to kiss Dean?
“Okay?” He repeated. “Okay like, you believe me?”
“That’s it Sam...” He clenched his jaw.
It turned out that their cycles never fell out of sync while they were apart, even though they seemingly shared nothing in common anymore. Dean was still masking his Omega scent, but he’d stopped outwardly presenting as an Alpha to cover his Omega nature. It seemed he had enough freedom now to just disappear from their dad when his pre-heat symptoms started. Sam was managing his rut with relative ease as well, although he admitted he still struggled with control and rarely let himself indulge. But even with the improvements the brothers had made while they were separated, the next cycle they shared together after all those years proved to be just as challenging as their first.
They were both Alphas sure, but they were also brothers, so as far as Sam and Dean were concerned they were going to Hell anyway. And honestly, it was just too sweet not to sin.
“Well,” she said, giving them a dramatic look, “you weren’t kidding about 525 Elmwood having a weird past. I had to hack into the police database to get all the deets.”
Kaia shrugged. “I don’t have anything to wear.”
Castiel hesitated over Dean’s lips, but Dean gave him such a warm look that Castiel asked his question anyway. "Why didn't you tell me you could see my wings?"
“Is there anything else weird you’ve noticed around here?” Dean asked casually.
“She’s just like Mom,” Jack smiled.
Dean was barely awake, but he realized where Sam was going. “Don’t say it.”
“Get some sleep,” Castiel said, and he rubbed Charley’s back until they both fell asleep.
As the kids awoke Cas put out cereal and juice then gave them all jobs to do for the day. Charley was eager to help, although he kept getting distracted trying to reign in his siblings. Gabe was a slow unpacker because he kept getting sidetracked by the things he was unpacking, creating a bigger mess than they’d started with. Claire unpacked steadily but with a constant stream of loud sighs and eye rolls, and Castiel caught her putting things away wrong on purpose. Meg helped by rearranging things that Cas had already arranged and giving him twice as much work to do.
“It can wait.”
Dean chuckled.
“Good answer,” she purred. “You know, I keep my promises, Clarence. And I said I was going to thank you,” she dragged her nails down Castiel’s chest, leaving faint red lines. She tickled down to his cock, earning a small shudder from him, “You ready, baby?”
They chatted for a bit, and the man was happy to hear that Castiel was putting some work into his house, even if Castiel kept the specifics from him. It was, structurally speaking at least, a very nice house. But when Castiel mentioned he was getting help from the local repairman, Dean Smith, the man gave him a funny look.
“How thoughtful,” Dean managed.
“Hey Jack.” Claire was standing off to the side. She gave him an aloof smile.
Dean moaned, so Castiel kept talking to him. He whispered sweet nothings into his ear and made love to him, and Dean began to tense up in to time.
“They do.”
Castiel flushed a little, but he was smiling as widely as the photos on the bookshelf.
Dean cleared his throat and Castiel finally looked up.
Castiel lingered in front of a pet store on his way to his car. Several people had stopped to coo at a pile of puppies snoozing in the sunny window, but Castiel stared right past them at a large, square-jawed mutt in the back. He wondered if, like cats, dogs could see ghosts. He checked his watch and hurried back to his car, but he stopped again when he saw a familiar face. It wasn’t someone walking around that crisp, Autumn day, but rather a face on a poster stapled to a telephone pole.
Ketch bit back a smirk, “It’s not the end of the world. In just a few short weeks...”
“Dean!” Charley shouted.
Dean smiled fondly. “Nerds.”
Sam filled them in on Crowley’s whereabouts, even though he hadn’t been able to make contact before Castiel had texted him. Keeping Dean’s advice in mind, Sam hadn’t brought up the fact that the Mark of Cain was still on Dean’s arm, but it was clear that their next mission was to find Crowley regardless. None of them spoke about Castiel’s grace or the coughs he suppressed throughout the meal.
Castiel groped Sam from his cock to his chest, like he was trying to memorize him; each curve and muscle moving so sinfully in pleasure, pleasure that Castiel was giving him.
Castiel licked a bit of Sam’s cum off his lips and looked up, “Your molecules taste good.” He answered.
“Wow. Smart kid.”
Sam really did smile that time. “Do you even hear yourself talk?”
Castiel tried to speak, but he couldn’t move his jaw. He felt like he’d been turned to stone. He knew about the murders, and the suicide, and finding the bodies in the house, but he’d never put it together like this. He never realized how horrible it all was. He felt sick to his stomach. Guilt and shame engulfed him, and he wanted to go to the next room, pick up Meg, and never let her go.
Dean liked it when Sam fought back. His eyes flashed and he grabbed Sam’s arms and pinned him against the table. Sam may have been a giant, but Dean knew how to use his advantage. He hovered over Sam, who was bent backwards on the table, and pressed his erection into the front of Sam’s pants. Sam’s jaw clenched, but he went still, staring incredulously at Dean.
“Can a ‘proper Man of Letters’ get the job done?” Sam flirted, enjoying the sight of Ketch so uncharacteristically riled up.
Sam groaned, trembling in need. “I don’t want… that blood.”
“Hey, Cas,” he said, his eyes flashing black.
“Oh, that’s Meg’s alarm. I’ve got to pick her up,” Castiel said, reaching into his pocket.
“Oh.”
"Fuck! Dean!" Sam sputtered.
“And then one night, the neighbors and I heard the very same, strange noises coming from the house as we’d heard before. The following day, Mrs. Bishop was nowhere to be seen. That was the last anyone saw her alive. Weeks later her body was found in the attic. She’d committed suicide. She was brought to my mortuary at last.”
Sam and Dean sat around drinking water from small plastic cups and catching up. Dean even told him a bit about Castiel.
The three of them left the archive room and settled down at the research table. Sam had made an enormous plate of grilled cheese sandwiches and they all sat together, eating and drinking in a somewhat subdued state of relief.
There's a few minutes of tense silence and the occasional sizzle from eggs cooking in the pan.
Dean bites down on his lower lip and shifts on his feet, his boots scuffing on the floor.
"Have you always pleasured yourself whenever you've felt a strong emotion?"
Dean's heart is about ready to jump out his throat. He always thought about–he never would've guessed that he would be able to see–
"We can talk to Eve!" Lucifer snaps, a few light bulbs break under his pressure.
"Do I know you?"
"A drug. I wasn't there myself but I heard from our aunt that Castiel was hit and now suffers from a...personality defect. We are unclear as to what other problems he might have acquired, he might not be able to provide kids for you." Anna explains, sliding a hand up Dean's arm. She stinks of arousal.
There's no worse way to wake up Dean concludes.
"Come." Castiel steps forward until his tip is kissing Dean's hole. He's afraid he'll cum then and there.
"You have his child inside of you! How can you be so—"
Dean flushes and nods, "It was mostly in French and fuck all if I passed that, but he said he loved me in English."
"I think we should stop here, you've received and given a lotta information today. We're making progress." Donna says softly. Dean slowly gets up, mind still processing.
, he wants to take Dean apart and etch the words onto his bones as he slides his hand down further and uses his grace to open Dean up and slide two fingers in.
"Don't be a brat." he chastises but settles down on the sand and watches Dean. "Go on."
Dean isn't sure when he blacked out but when he comes too, mind fuzzy and limbs weak, his head is on Castiel's naked thigh and Castiel is stroking his hair gently, singing praises in his ear. Dean blinks groggily and hisses at the dull aches in his body.
"You can journal this or keep it in your mind for next session tomorrow. I would like you to find five things you tolerate about yourself and five things you tolerate about others. That's all. Five things for you and five things for other people."
"Naomi." Dean finishes and Gabriel nods approvingly. Dean sucks in his bottom lip and blinks up at the ceiling.
Not that Castiel would go anywhere.
"Uh–"
It happens a lot, Cas still has problems with speaking when it comes to serious topics or if they're talking for too long then he'll sometimes shut down. Dean knows to wait until Cas is ready to speak again or they wrap it up for the day and speak with sticky notes instead. Sometimes his sentences are broken when he doesn't want to say it in full and it's okay. But Castiel seems to be sitting more stiffer than normal and his hand is trembling in Dean's grip.
"Yeah, baby?"
Naomi smooths out the front of her suit.
"Yes, mother." Dean wants to scream, cry, maybe piss on the plants that his father got from a friend long ago, but he takes a deep breath and exhales.
Castiel sighs and massages the leaves of one of his many children between the pads of his fingers. "Why must I go? You know how I am, especially around new people. I struggled to order a meal for our dinner and you had to order for me." Castiel shakes his head at the memory.
"Come, sit." Castiel urges softly, gesturing his head to the steaming bowl of soup sitting on the island. Dean ducks his head as he walks closer to the food.
"Would you like some water first?" Castiel asks again, patiently, so gentle and patient it makes Dean want to cry. Dean shakes his head, he probably can't hold it down.
Dean exhales, eyes flickering back and forth at the red rimmed ones staring at him. He's going to get whiplash with how fast Castiel's personality changes; his scent goes from a rainforest to something dark, rotten and lonely.
"No! It's not great! I'm s-so gross that not even my parents w-want me. Another species ha-has to find me desirable and h-he didn't—" Dean wipes at his eyes roughly and sniffles. "Leave, now, please."
"We should have a constant date booked. Assuming that you're comfortable with me being your therapist."
"Dean, it's nice to see you!" Mary smiles and Castiel watches Dean count to five before turning around.
"I don't hate you, Cas. I'm angry but I should know better than anyone that talking takes time and me dumping shit on you that will make you feel worse isn't the way to go." Dean squeezes Castiel's knee. "I love you, dude."
His heart feels tired and the bags under his eyes wouldn't even be allowed to be carried on an airplane.
Not that Castiel needed to warning when he could hear it; when he could feel it dirty the knees of his dress pants and soak into the sheets below them, and the
Dean falters and Garth wiggles his fingers excitedly. "You know I'm a hugger, Dean, c'mon."
Charlie flips him off half-heartedly then continues to put daisies in the hair loop at the back of Sam's head. Dean reaches to squeeze Sam's hand reassuringly.
, Castiel thinks,
I don't know what happened the universe just decided that Castiel would be the bottom.
They walk into what Dean assumes is the room where he's supposed to strip himself of his trauma; the walls are a comforting blue and the furniture is grey instead of a blinding white and something about it irks Dean.
Sam, hair ruffled and eye bags red and dark, sat up with his knees to his chest as he sits there, shaking. His mouth moves over in a repeated motion if Lucifer's shortened name.
The camera shows Larissa walking on a sidewalk talking about how someone texted her to meet up.
Castiel cups each side of Dean's face and deepens the kiss, everything is slippery and cold but Dean's mouth is warm and makes Castiel's insides stir.
The water stills, it's pattering ripple halting abruptly and Dean is so stunned by it that he doesn't notice that the fruit on the bush today are shiny blackberries.
"Maybe he doesn't wish to collect anymore.
"I am ready, I just, just need your help, Mommy." Dean kisses Castiel's, a long, lazy kiss that gets Castiel's knees buckling.
"It's a lot to take in, I know, but we go at your own pace."
After Sister Jo blesses both the rings, Sam and Gabriel make their way back down the aisle with people cheering them on or throwing bouquets at them. Dean and Castiel make eye contact once more before they go they get dragged their separate ways to go to the other venue.
Lucifer turns his head to the side and stares at the dry outside. "A few miles past the lake, there should be Blossoms."
Sam hands him a steaming mug of coffee which takes his gaze away from the hanging frame where it shows Sam down on one knee, at a beach, with Gabriel who has a hand over his mouth. They look happy. Dean believes that he can be like that to; happy.
"He ours. You push him out."
It's true, him and Castiel haven't been on speaking terms since that night. It's not like Dean is particularly worried, Castiel isn't his main priority, Sam is.
Lord forgive Castiel for it has sinned.
(See the end of the chapter for
And by "branch out" Dean means John dragged him from Bobby's place by his collar and forced him to work at The Bunker.
"Salmacis was the only nymph rapist to date. I would never harm a human as she did. I was only going to blind you." the water ripples as a deep voice echoes around Dean. The voice ruffles free leaves and startles a few squirrels. Nordic hasn't risen the rest of his head above water, his eyes are piercing, calculating.
Dean sniffs the air, the scent makes his nose twitch and him sneeze. The heavy smell of the rainforest and crashing oceans has Dean's skin prickling.
Dean's cheeks heat instantly and he tightens his grip on the fork.
Castiel stepped away from his promise for a minute, and that minute alone got him where he was now.
Castiel shakes his pill bottle. "It's a symptom of a small thing. I got prescription for it."
Castiel widens his fingers obscenely, feeling the slick drip down his digits and hearing the vulgar sound of him pushing them in deeper. Dean curls his toes and tilts his head to the night sky as a shiver rakes over his body.
Dean watches the door close with mild discomfort before he stands and steps out of the tub. After draining the water and brushing his teeth, with an unwrapped toothbrush set on the counter, Dean towels off himself as he walls to the pile of clothes on his bed. They smell of fresh laundry and water and Dean can't help but frown a little once he puts them on.
"An Alpha. One that smells like a rainforest and honey and opens a jar of butterflies in my stomach whenever I see them." Dean looks down, his cheeks highlighted by something gold and glittery and lips glossed with a clear substance.
"Arms up." Charlie orders with a grin. The grey corset is nice, it has ribbons and an elegant pattern but Dean still has marks on his ribs from the last one he had to put on. It ties in the back so he'll probably struggle with taking it off tonight.
"You wanna fuck this pussy thinking of Dean." they mock.
Disgust hugs him from behind as he reaches down and washes between his legs. Or maybe it's unfamiliarity; this body hasn't been his in years and now that it is it's
It's easier than Dean expected. Walking, he means. It's dark and his heart is about to burst out of his chest but he was born to hunt monsters. Any noise or hitch of the breath that Dean hears, he can know almost instantly where monster will be. Years of training taught him that.
Dean had said, shifting from side to side on anxious feet as his heart pounded in his chest. And Mary had shifted in that large bed, the bed that Dean was laid on the pervious night and had his body violated. She grunted under her heavy comforter that smells of John's whiskey and sweat. Of garlic and sadness.
"Eileen is waiting for me since you took your sweet time in there. See you in the morning, jerk." Sam walks into the washroom and shuts the door leaving Dean standing in the hall confused.
An out of breath chuckle that'll lighten the mood and further the frenzied lust between two lovers.
Castiel groans, indulging deeper into his meal, the smell of urine that's just been sitting in Dean ready to go.
With a short huff of air forced out between his lips,  Castiel readjusts the fairly big moving box in his hands and uses his back to reopen the heavy, ajar door. He knocks his hip against the obnoxiously close dining chair as he rounds the door, letting it close behind him, and with a sharp wince and then a low groan, Castiel squats down and sets down the slightly damp box next to the three other ones in the bedroom that's just across from the door.
"My apologies, I didn't mean to startle you." Nordic's eyes look sad and Dean sits up and crosses his legs, pushing his dress down in the front so he's not exposed.
"For a minute and then it was just me dry heaving. I'm," Castiel pauses, frowns, and squints his eyes. "feeling better."
"Hey, Donna. Can I see him?" Donna gives him a soft, yet cheeky, smile and nods.
"I-It's–"
"It'll be fine." Dean pats Lucifer of the shoulder and nods his head forward. "Those the blossoms?"
Dean almost collapses when he makes it home, his body is covered in sweat, his feet hurt, and his lungs burn.
Castiel nods.
Castiel carefully crawls into their bed and drapes arm loosely over Dean's waist. His eyes flicker along Dean's face, observing.
Dean turns around slowly, eyebrows pinched together and stares up at Sam.
"Sorry. Zoned out for a little. I guess I kinda stopped baking with her for a while but I loved doing it. We would always enter pie contests and won every damn year." Dean licks his lips and forces his legs to move, his erection no longer fully hard but a lazy chub between his legs. "A little while after I moved out, Jo and her girlfriend called me and said they wanted to run a bakery. I said fuck it and joined up, built their place from scratch, took us two years. Haven't really seen how it's been holding up lately."
she did it. Sam is smart, smarter than me and he would never get caught by her," Lucifer spits before looking up at Dean with wide eyes. "I did research, called in favors, Leviathan Blossom–Sam must've ate something without knowing, it's—"
"He really did a number on your neck there." Gabriel waggles his eyebrows. Dean brings his hand up to his neck, his scent gland covered by his collar, and feels for any tender flesh there. His neck tingles and itches at one area and a flush covers his cheeks.
As the room darkens and Castiel's thoughts run rampant in his mind, he turns onto his side, grabs his phone, then opens up his browser and carefully types 'transgender' into the blinking search bar.
Dean chews on his bottom lip. What if Nordic won't like it? A spirit like him must have been around for generations, he must've heard better books then the one Dean's lovesick mind picked.
"'M lucky to have you, baby."
Castiel raises his hand from the water, droplets sliding down his wrists to his elbow as he reaches for Dean. Dean gently wraps his smaller hand around the outstretched one in front of him and walks into the beckoning waters.
Dean hiccups wetly as his cock bobs and his stomach swells with warmth.
"I've read that book a million times to try and figure out how I could cure myself. I think that maybe it is my fate to die." Castiel picks up the book and rises, sliding it back in its place.
"Got my list of sad shit too, lay it on me." Dean pats his chest. Castiel isn't exactly sure what to lay but he takes three deep breaths before saying quietly,
Lucifer lets out a huff and pushes himself out of Gabriel's grip. "She's been doing it right under our noses! We have to put her down—"
He spent years trying to forget why people looked at him like that whenever they saw him and now he can't ever unsee it. An abusive father, everyone would say, even Sam. But Dean is broken, always has been, and saw it as normality, as love.
It's different from when he was Lucifer's toy on the receiving ends of things. A darkness crept up inside of him everytime and tugged at his balls; fingers curling and gripping until he passed out. This time, though, he's giving. He's giving it to Dean, his human, his other half.
"Don't."
Dean presses his hips as far as they can go and spills between Castiel's thighs with a shaky groan. "Love you, love you so much sweetheart." Dean rattles as they continue to cum.
"Let me explain–"
Chuck, who sits at the end of the table with a kind smile; Gabriel who is sat in the chair on his left with whatever hooker he brought with him; Anna who is sat in the second chair at his right, next to Dean who plays with the hems of his lace sleeves nervously. Anna must've brought him here to brag, Castiel sighs inwardly. He wants to wrap Dean in plants and take over his body. He wants to take what's his.
Dean whimpers. "'M sorry, 'm sorry, Cas, 'm–"
Dean croaks.
Devil's ivy looks up with a frown in between his brows and looks Castiel up and down. "You were hopin' for a pretty girl to show up or what?"
"I'm not going." Dean huffs as he watches garden keepers trim the hedges of bushes with such scrutiny that sweat beads at their temples despite it being only ten in the morning.
He doesn't know how long he lies there crying. His body is hot, too hot than what he's used to now and his cock is still twitching and hard against his stomach.
"Yes." Dean gasps, slick starting to gather and dampen at his hole again. HIs Omega purrs in victory at the thought of them getting to have Alpha while spew rises in Dean's throat. He doesn't want to be here. He doesn't want to do this right now.
"It's none of his business."
Castiel has done something to upset Dean. Anytime the two are alone, which is a lot seeing as they are roommates and Castiel's classes mainly require him to work on stuff in their dorm, Dean flushes, head to toe, an angry red colour and he avoids Castiel like the plauge, well, as much as he can in a small space.
"You only ever say "I'm fine" when something is bugging you." Jo adds while shuffling through his bathroom for makeup.
Dean can almost always tell when it starts. He gets irritated, impatient, and anxious; heat forms in his gut and his cock doesn't get hard sometimes but it throbs and pulses, getting at half mass and never going down.
Dean blinks. "Right, sorry. Thanks Ellen." he says distractedly and walks back to his room biting back a grin.
"Dean–!"
Miracle barks loudly and Castiel's sharp eyes flicker down to the Doodle. "Oh, well aren't you beautiful." Castiel exhales, extending his hand and Miracle barks happily, licking messily at Castiel's open turned hand.
Dean backs up when Castiel raises his arms to close the trunk, jostling the bags and accidently hitting himself in the thigh.
"You be safe out there now."
Mary turns to him and hands him the stack of letters. "You should pick one, we want to see you mated and happy." she goes to brush his cheek but Dean grimaces and backs away.
He's fine. He's fine. He's
"Please don't touch me!" Castiel begs as he backs further away with downcast eyes. Dean blinks in shock. "Call me when you want to set an appointment."
Dean makes the first step on the rickety staircase, it's loud, alarming creek makes Dean's heart race. Just as Dean goes to put his hand on the handle, he distinctly hears a gun cock and before he can move, a warning shot is aimed between his legs.
"I bought some soup that I had leftovers from when you're ready." Castiel mentions already moving away from the door.
"T-the mark, it stopped Michael from possessing me, when I woke up, John's body was on the floor. Eyes burned out and there was this pain in my arm and this handprint was there. I just–why won't he–wait. You've heard him talk?"
"Healthy." a roundabout way of answering but it's the truth. Cas has been taking care of him. He's been taking care of himself.
a Yeti somewhere in these woods.”
Charlie nods, then sighs. “You know, none of
on it, okay). Cas hums and props himself up on his elbows, realizing this is going to be an actual talk.
“Yeah, but that usually comes with the ‘hunting things’ part.” He sighs. “I dunno, man. It was just
“Because if I didn’t, you’d have asked Ash.”
Well. No heat directed at Cas, at least. Sam, though—“
“Cas says it’s a Yeti.”
you to
“What is?”
“Poachers.”
to go, and—
Dean rolled his eyes and leaned forward in the chair. “If you really think this is a terrible idea, why agree to help me?”
It hits him in a way it probably shouldn't, and it's suddenly all Dean can do to just hum in agreement and let the silence fall again—heavier, but somehow more comfortable.
and Dean will take anything, at this point. The peace and quiet was nice, for a while—Chuck gone, Jack smoothing things over upstairs, Cas back—but if Dean is cooped up for one more day, he’s going to lose his mind.
Cas goes entirely still, arms loosening around Dean’s waist. “It’s different now,” he replies, quietly, and Dean immediately feels like an asshole. “Human,” he clarifies, as if Dean would miss that part.
“We can figure that out
“Um. No?” He didn’t move out of the kitchen. “What’s wrong?”
” she replies, and she’s being sarcastic, but it warms his heart anyway.
about it. Like someone
“I have to figure out if she
“It would be,” Dean grumbles back, “if they hadn’t somehow kidnapped a Yeti.”
“It’s young,” Cas says, as if this explains everything. “And terrified. It won’t hurt us.”
“Well,” he sighs. “It wasn’t a bear.”
” Sam asks, and Cas sighs.
Dean blinks at him. “Okay.” He nods and begins to stand. “I’ll, uh. I’ll go tell Cas.”
“I’ll let you know if there’s another one,” Dean promises, and hangs up. His phone buzzes with the exact address—a warehouse outside of town.
“It’s
. He was
“What did he tell you?”
They pull up to the mountain cabin they’d splurged on (although it’s not really splurging if they used Charlie’s hacked card) just past 8pm. The impala’s wheels immediately sink into the soft snow covering the driveway, and Dean grimaces looking at it, but he doesn’t have time to worry too much—not when Jack is waving to them from the porch.
Cas didn’t move for a long second. He just stared at the phone, and some evil part of Dean felt triumphant.
And, what? Dean’s not allowed to have new hobbies, now?
Cas says that Dean can't fix it, but Dean is never one to back down from a challenge. No matter how many times Charlie says it's a bad idea.
Dean isn’t sure what to say to that, so he doesn’t. Instead, he laces his fingers with Cas’, presses a soft kiss against their joined knuckles, and pulls him back closer. “I know,” he mumbles, after a long pause. Cas squeezes his hand, and they fall asleep.
If Cas caught the sarcasm, he didn’t show it. Instead, he nodded, some relief creeping into his eyes at Dean’s faux understanding. “Yes. That’s correct. We don’t, um. Speak. Our brothers respect our wishes to not discuss each other.” The relief was gone, replaced with a frown, and he reached out for Dean’s phone, unlocking it so he could once again see the photo on the screen. It was an intimate action, and Dean remembered the day he’d let Cas program his fingerprint into his phone—they’d been about to go on a road trip, and Cas only needed to be able to text Sam back while Dean was driving, but he had seemed so honored by the gesture that Dean had kept it.
haven’t mentioned. Sounds real likely.” He said dryly, hoping it would sound less absurd out loud. It didn’t.
Dean frowned. “Of what?”
was the one who couldn’t keep his big mouth shut, but—“I love you,” Cas continued, and Dean’s protests died in his throat as the warmth of the words
Stepping closer, she could tell it was the picture of Dean and Castiel, which she hadn’t even remembered sending him. “Honey?” she questioned, and James jumped, quickly closing the photo.
Sam actually rolls his eyes. “If that’s not good enough for you, can always help me and Cas archive,” he points out, which isn't
The sound of the key in the lock stopped her from going down
, and Dean shut up.
guilty that Cas was apologizing when
“Should be,” Sam responds without looking up.
"And this whole 'needing a break' thing. Who cuts off their twin brother for almost
“Shut up,
Charlie calls him back halfway through eating his sandwich. “What do you have for me?” he greets, mouth still full, and she wrinkles her nose but doesn’t say anything.
Dean grins. “Thanks. Text me the address.”
Sam sighs. “Okay, well, we need a game plan, right? We can’t just walk into—"
Dean sighed. So they were going to play it that way. Sure. He angrily dug his phone out of the bottom of his backpack, where he had been trying to ignore it as if it was the device’s fault he felt like this. They both watched the loading screen as his phone turned on in the most sickly tense few seconds of their relationship before Dean navigated to his messages, pulled up The Photo, and slid his phone across the table to Castiel.
Amelia briefly panics and makes some big assumptions about Jimmy's sexuality bUT there is no homophobia or hate here, just (as it turns out, unfounded) worry about what it would mean for their relationship
It had been rough.
“It was in the record the first two times you said that,” Dean retorted. “And,
“I hate
“No. A fucking
Dean grinned and typed in his number, a buzz from his own phone signaling the photo had gone through. He stared at it, smiling.
“And that’s all I have,” Amelia shrugged, taking a sip from the last dregs of her latte after recanting how her own photo fiasco had gone. After a brief, if awkward, explanation of who he was (leaving out all the cyber-stalking, of course), Dean had convinced her to sit down with him and Charlie to try and fill in the gaps. So far, it hadn’t been too helpful.
“Wait,” he reached out a hand to stop her from leaving, and she paused. “What?”
The memory of the photo floated into Dean’s vision and he swallowed hard, pausing to shake his head. He was
“Sorry,” he mumbled, sheepish. Cas stepped away to peer up at him with that head-tilted, eyes narrowed, brows furrowed
When the movie ends, and chaos erupts over the merits of
That was all the explanation she got, and when he turned back into the kitchen Amelia knew it was the end of the conversation. She had questions,
. He’d come back from the Empty and they’d had to tell him that Jack wasn’t dead but he was gone, and he was also, well. God.
They haven’t seen him since he became God—which is still a weird thing to say about your three-year-old—but there he is, as if no time has passed at all. Sam is the first one up the steps, long legs taking them two at a time to crush the kid into a bear hug. “It’s good to see you, Jack,” Dean hears him greet quietly, and then he’s stepping aside to let Cas through. Cas, who—holy
it wasn’t a bear.”
. Amelia threw her hands up in frustration.
Dean cuts him off with a shake of his head. “No, man,
Cas turns to smile at him, and he’s not sad, like he’d feared. “Good,” he answers, completely honestly. “I like it here. I like the mountains, as a human.”
” he started again, angrier, “but that’s
a bear,” Dean grumbles into the dark of their bedroom, not caring that he sounds like a broken record. “Okay, Dean,” Cas sighs against his chest, already half asleep, and it’s so close to the
Christmas movie. He curls into Cas' side on the couch, watches Nakatomi Plaza explode, and feels warmer than he has in a long time.
“Holy shit.” It’s Sam who finds the tracks.
he mocks to himself when he’s back in his bedroom, staring glumly at the Netflix loading screen. He gets 10 minutes into their newest gimmicky dating show before he’s closing his laptop with a huff and stomping down to the shooting range.
Now, more than anything, the memory made Dean hope that somehow this story
. So just…please.”
the part but still didn’t feel quite right.
“That’s not right,” this is Jack, looking genuinely confused. “I mean—you’re right, but you
She looked at him for a moment before crossing the room and wordlessly shoving her phone in his face. He took it, holding it closer to his face for a moment. “Huh.” He looked back at Amelia, still waiting for an answer. His eyes widened as it clicked. “Oh! Oh,
She stared at the phone in her lap, not wanting to unlock it to see the contents but mentally preparing herself to use it if she had to. The whole day had been a battle between intense anger and trying to come to some semblance of understanding. Was he gay? That would be okay, she had finally decided. Well, not
“See you in Wyoming.” Dean hangs up.
a bear (“
“Okay…” Sam continues, slowly. “When was the last time you were on a mountain? Like, by choice?”
, but—” he started. “Listen, man, that was like, step
“Just, you know. Saving things.”
There’s something in the Rocky Mountains.
“A bad plan?” Charlie finished, unhelpfully, and Dean glared at her.
Dean raises his eyebrows. “Okay?”
right? I know these things are reclusive, but.  Would a baby really be all alone out there?”
Well—it’s not
“It was a while ago, right? Maybe you’re remembering wrong—”
Damn. That was his only ammo. “…Fine. But
“A Yeti couldn’t just walk onto a commercial flight, and customs would have caught a stowaway at the border.”
” A pause, as if he was trying to figure out how to continue. “That’s, um. That’s my brother.” Another pause. “My twin brother. James.” Cas stopped there and dropped both hands to his lap, staring down at them, any anger or frustration gone. The sadness was back.
Dean sighed. “Because Amelia comes through here every Friday morning before going to study.”
Jack doesn’t sleep anymore but the other four do, and despite pitching this as a vacation Dean is still determined to prove that the thing in the woods is
Dean pauses. “I’ll call Jody.”
kid—into a hug as tight as the last two.
Sam sighs and leans back, arms crossed. “So it’s a smart bear. I don’t know, Dean.”
In the metaphor, it was blocking Dean’s picturesque view of the…mind ocean, or whatever. In reality, it was distracting him from Castiel, who had him pinned against the brick wall of his studio apartment.
Charlie, who had been quiet most of this time, gave Dean a triumphant kick in the shins under the table. He glared at her.
“Because—I don’t know! Because of—things like this,” she gestured to her phone, which Jimmy had set on a counter. “And because—aren’t you supposed to be, like, closer than close? You’re telling me you have a twin that you’re
it,” Dean corrects.
going to break up with him if he got arrested for accosting his
“Does it matter?”
he thinks.
Dean’s day started off strong, for a Monday. He had managed to get through his morning physics quiz without doing too much damage to his GPA and was headed into his literature class armed with
plan that is
“It’s alright. I understand the confusion. Although,” Cas tilted his head, frowning a bit. “Dean. You do know I’m
“What? No,” Dean leans closer to his phone, which Sam put on speaker. “Head back to Nebraska, we can handle this.”
Amelia smiled, seeming to understand. “Sure.” She pulled the photo up on her phone, navigated to the ‘share’ menu, and held it out to him. “Send it to yourself.”
“Sure. Listen, I gotta go. But really, Dean. Be careful. And I’ll see you tonight, yeah?” It was Star Trek night tonight, part of an ongoing saga to get Cas into sci-fi. Dean sighed. “Yeah, yeah. I’ll see you.”
Amelia paused. She narrowed her eyes. “So you’re
“Do they feel different?”
something that spooked him bad enough. Kid’s top of his class, pre-Olympic material, and he breaks an arm on the bunny slope? No way.” Dean shakes his head. “There’s something in those woods, I’m telling you.”
is going to spend their class-free Friday helping you stalk your boyfriend’s estranged twin’s girlfriend, it’s going to be me.”
and it’s
“You want me to hack into the FAA to track a private flight from Nepal carrying multiple snow leopards and at
twin brother, who you haven’t mentioned to me in our entire
“How close are you to, uh—Rawlins, Wyoming?”
Charlie shook her head. “I know you have another plan, Winchester, or you’ll think of one soon, but I’m out. Cas is my friend, too, and I’m not going to help you with whatever scheme you come up with.”
friend.
“Hello to you, too,” she snarks, but then audibly moves the phone away from her ear to repeat Dean’s question to Kaia. There’s a shuffling, and a response he can’t hear, but then—“Kaia says three hours.”
you to. So please don’t try.” And the guilt was back.
she thought, her good mood souring,
He sighed, and crossed his arms, all sign of amusement gone. “It’s a big campus. We’ve avoided this for years, I guess I thought we could make it the last few months.”
James stared at her, at a complete loss. “I got lunch with Rodger, if that’s what you mean?” it obviously wasn’t. He took a deep breath. “Really, Ames, I have no idea what’s going on.”
“What about your other brothers? Do they still talk to him?”
Cas stares at Jack for a long second, looking for words, before giving up entirely and reaching out to pull his son into a tight hug. Dean can see Jack smile over his shoulder even from where he is by the car. “Welcome back, Cas,” he says, and Cas laughs and squeezes his shoulder as he pulls away.
Amelia hesitated, then nodded, remembering the expression on Jimmy’s face the first time she’d said something, repeating itself the next few times she’d brought it up until she’d learned not to. “Nothing’s ever made him sad like that,” she agreed.
Charlie rolls her eyes. “I hacked NORAD in high school. I can
Finally, Dean gets out of the car, and Sam follows. Behind them, Claire and Kaia—who followed them back because they still have the cabin for two days, and Dean decided they also deserve a break—pull into the driveway.
Cas paused, regarding Dean through narrowed eyes for just long enough that Dean started to worry that he’d made it worse, but then he nodded and smiled. A real smile, a warm one.
“Are you sure?” she questioned. “Nothing about you, and—” the last part came out a squeak. “and men?”
. And no soft memories of late-night study sessions that turned into post-study drinks that turned into even
“Remind me,” Claire breaks it, “why we aren’t just going in, getting the Yeti and calling the cops to deal with the leopards?”
“Already did. She says hi.”
“Yes! What was I supposed to think? I had a whole speech planned about unconditional love and acceptance and support and—hold on, did you say
She sighed and sat down next to him. “Are you alright?”
“Honey, I’m ho—” James got half-way through the cheesy tradition, which Amelia usually found so endearing, before catching sight of her and frowning. “Why are you sitting in the dark?” he asked, slipping off his coat and hanging it up before moving to the kitchen and flipping the switch. Light spilled out from the open kitchen, illuminating the other half of the living room.
“You said they were moving ‘em tonight, right? I don’t want to risk the cops missing it.”
“Looking for food? Yes.”
, you know? To just…swoop in and save things. We left the criminals tied up for the cops and everything. I felt like
It’s a five hour drive. He groans. They’d make it, but it's already getting dark. They’d go in blind. Unless—
weeks of archive duty if it meant bringing Cas somewhere he wanted to go. “I
“What if there’s more than one?” Dean pipes up, and they all turn to look at him. “I mean—this thing’s basically a
She also tells him she and Kaia are staking out the warehouse until they get there.
The next morning, though, Dean is ready to investigate.
as he folds his long legs into the car next to him.
“Snow leopard poachers.”
The next morning, Dean makes them all pancakes. Claire and Kaia take off with two of the snowmobiles down to the slopes so Kaia and show Claire how to snowboard, and Sam and Eileen take the other one because they’ve suddenly discovered a joint passion for skiing, so Dean and Cas and Jack stay behind to make snowmen and snow angels (
.” He slides his phone across the table. “A dozen sightings of this thing in the past week.”
Sam looks up from where he and Eileen are scouring the internet for sightings in any other parts of the US. “What if it wasn’t a commercial flight? What if it was a—uh, charter flight? Or private plane?”
“A shoot—
, and she still wasn’t completely sure she believed him, but she knew that was all for later. “I’ll order a pizza?” she suggested instead, an olive branch they both knew too well, and Jimmy smiled at her over his shoulder. “Thanks.”
. Or Jake. Or whatever.
,” Jack snaps, and it’s a moment where Dean isn’t sure if he should be frightened of God or irritated at his kid for talking back.
idea.
he thought.
“What happened?” she said, quietly, and James shrugged.
Right?
“Yes,
“Yeah, okay.” Sam shrugs and turns his attention back to his eggs. “I’ll text Eileen. We can leave after breakfast.”
College AU?”
Dean instantly regretted saying anything, just as he had multiple times in the two days since he had confronted Cas about cheating on him and instead been told about his secret twin. Who, Dean had learned, Cas hadn’t spoken to in the three and a half years since they both came to college. With no intention of ever speaking again. For a mystery reason Cas still hadn’t explained.
Dean shrugs and slings the arm not holding the cocoa around Cas’ shoulders. “Nah,” he replies, even though they both know he would have taken
one Yeti.” Charlie, eyebrows raised in the tiny Skype window on Dean’s laptop, looks unimpressed.
but then Amelia seemed to realize she had been staring for too long and stepped back in a hurry. “I’m sorry,” she hastily apologized, blushing in obvious embarrassment. “I just—you look so much my fiancé’s brother’s boyfriend, but I’ve only seen him in a pic—in pictures,” she explained.
