Tony chokes, meeting his gaze at last, “Of
“I mean
He spends more time with the others, now. He pesters Bruce in the lab more often than not, and asks Thor to regale every story of battle he could ever think of. He ends up in the training gym with Clint and Natasha, because watching them spar is like watching a very violent display of gymnastics. At least the whole
Tony and Bruce have both gone silent, and Steve looks up with a puzzled frown when they don’t respond. “What? I was listening. It was important information.”
Tony went over the summoning a few hundred times and gathered precisely zero answers. He stopped long enough to play the good host, showing Steve to his guest bedroom—thank all the gods he had one—and then went right back to it. Still no answer. Rhodey maintained that he’d done exactly what every other mage throughout time had done to summon a familiar.
But if Tony wasn’t healthy, then perhaps his magic had tried to compensate for it? By summoning the strongest protector it could.
“TONY!”
“Ready?” Tony faced the net and the thrashing whale and his question was loud enough that it was obvious he addressed the whole crew.
He really couldn’t even think of eating. Turning, Tony shoved a pile of stacked sheet metal to the side and put the tray there. It was easier to do that menial task than look into Rhodey’s face. “Rhodey. That plan we talked about before, you know the one where you buy me out? So that the business can stay open, and I’m your employee, at least on paper….”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s head snapped around. “What?”
“Get everyone well clear,” Tony ordered as he moved purposefully for the main mast. “When this thing snaps, it’ll take everything out in its path. I—whoa!”
It took him a second to realize that Steve regarded him with intense interest, as if Tony had done something—oh. Right. Steve had never heard him work a spell until now. What did that expression mean, exactly?
“I’d like that. Wearing these clothes day in and day out will get old very quickly. Give me a few minutes to do the dishes and then we can go.”
. He took the walking disaster that was Tony in stride and didn’t get upset with him, cleaned the kitchen, and even cooked for him. Tony couldn’t remember meeting someone this nice in forever. Even Rhodey and Pepper yelled. For good reason, granted.
“As you have already stated, this is a pretty basic spell. How am I supposed to prep for it, Rhodey?”
Tony blinked at him. “I’m sorry, weapon?”
“No, I think you’ve been told that’s all you are. Take it from a man that’s learned it the hard way. What you’ve been told, and what is the reality, are often two very different things.”
“Go ahead,” Henry responded with a wave. “Now Steve, how about this shirt? It’s a good color and I think it’ll give you enough room in the shoulders.”
It was obvious that Tony didn’t need a guide, he changed streets with purpose, his feet pounding against the hard cobblestone. Steve was close on his heels as he followed him down the winding streets to the base of the hill, where the docks stretched over the water.
It did bring up a little issue for Tony, though. He’d been so focused on the problem yesterday that he hadn’t properly
“I’ll even help supply you with magic power, to boost you,” Rhodey offered, smiling now because he’d gotten his way.
Tony tilted his head up to give him a bemused smile, dark eyes crinkling up in the corners and it was a very charming expression. “You realize asking that question of me is like asking a writer what they’re working on? That I can, and have, kept people hostage for hours as I talk way over their heads and bore them to tears?”
With a deep breath, Tony started speaking. It wasn’t a language that Steve really understood, although it didn’t really sound like some archaic language. More that Tony was speaking in math formulas, and chemicals, and things of pure science. Which was odd, as he was most definitely working magic.
was what he meant?
Tony beelined for her, running flat out, skidding to a stop only inches away from the edge of the dock. He was breathing hard but still demanded, “Marsha, you sure?”
Just once, couldn’t life ask an easy question of Steve?
“Yeah.” Steve glanced at where it sat on the coffee table. “I had it made just for me.”
“Then let’s go get you some clothes to tide you over. Because I’m not sure of a lot of things right now, but the one thing I am sure of is that you can’t borrow anything of mine. Nothing will fit.”
“Sure.” Tony agreed amicably.
“I’m not sure if I’ve ever heard them, officially.” Steve would remember if he had. His memory retained everything. “But I’ve heard that a familiar has to have the innate ability to both aid and guard a mage. Which is why they vary so much from mage to mage, as each mage has different needs.”
Tony’s head jerked around so he could stare up at him for a flat second. “Um. Sure. You really are not in a hurry to get back, huh. I mean, I’m glad, because less pressure for me but isn’t being here strange? I mean, staying with a strange man who babbles at you and doesn’t remember to feed you breakfast, that’s not something people generally sign up for?”
“The fuck we know it! You haven’t tried! And I know that your magic sucks at anything dealing with creation—”
Except the grey shirt, that one was out.
“You don’t worry about that damn net. You saved all of our lives and my ship to boot. The net’s worth the loss in comparison to that. I’ll send payment for the job round to you later tonight, after I get the
“Hmm, yes. Portaling me across that distance would be far too much. I suppose a train would be the best option.”
A full minute, under the wrong circumstances, could feel like a decade. Steve nodded in understanding and rearranged them to where he had an arm hooked into the rigging, both feet planted against the decking with knees slightly bent. Tony stepped in between his legs, putting his back to Steve’s chest. He was warm and fit snugly against Steve. He smelled good, too, like musk.
Tony blinked several times. “Wait. There really are people that do that? Do dishes right after they eat? You’re not trying to be polite or something, are you?”
“Uh, the first five seconds? Too much was going on, I didn’t get a chance to ask.”
“Basically that, yeah.” Tony dared a peek. Odd, Steve just looked thoughtful instead of pitying. Tony hated the pity above all and he got it from all sides. “I don’t understand why I got you in the first place. And I still have to figure out how to get you home again.”
“Oh, they cared during the war. But I’ve served my purpose. I came home to a quiet apartment, Tony. I’ve been knocking about a city that’s become a stranger to me, talking to anyone I see just to pass the time. I really, truly, do not know what to do with myself. I’ve thought about it a lot ever since I came home.” His mouth quirked at the corners. “I admit, being a familiar to a mage wasn’t anywhere on my list.”
“I’m Steve.” There was a slight professional tinge to Steve’s bearing and manner as if he’d introduced himself a thousand times and was used to it. He held out a hand which Henry took, the shake firm. “I’m visiting. I have a slight issue where I arrived without any packed bags, so I do actually need to buy a few things to tide me over.”
at Steve. It had been nothing more than a superficial observation of ‘oh, he’s rather handsome’ that had flitted through his brain. Now he had nothing else to focus on but look at Steve and it was a damn fine view. Tony hadn’t ever been all that great with people, not in properly connecting with them, at least. One night stands seemed the best that he could manage and even those were infrequent because he stayed holed up in his workshop most of the time.
“Let me back up for Steve’s sake.” Rhodey faced him squarely, glass between both hands. “Steve, are you familiar with the requirements for a summoning spell?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, don’t react like that. I know that you think it’s impossible, but fuck it, Tony. You haven’t really tried.”
“Well, technically it can, I’ve seen some sentient magical artifacts summoned. And there was that one thing, it was like a golem, that was probably the strangest familiar I’ve seen. You’re not a golem, though.”
“Can I try it on?”
Rhodey smacked him in the back of the head. “Focus, you idiot. The man asked you a question.”
Tony had a unique brand of magic that could do the world an amazing amount of good, and that stupid magical council of his was trying to deny him a license? Just because he didn’t meet some arbitrary standard? The more Steve thought about it, the more his blood boiled.
The motor throttled back as Marsha brought them around to the opposite side of the ship from where the whale was. There was already a rope ladder over the side, anticipating them. Steve reached up, stabilizing the bottom of the ladder, and Tony scrambled up it like a monkey. Steve waited until he was over the rail before following him up.
Congrats, Tony, you've summoned a Steve! Don't worry, you'll think of all sorts of things to do with him.
A tingle spread from his fingers, flaring out and connecting to the summoning circle. “Wait,” Tony said to his friend sharply. “Wait, I feel a connection to it.”
“Hey, Henry!” Tony called. “Something’s jammed in here. I don’t have the tools to try and fish it out, can I just vanish it?”
Tony’s mouth was crooked, in a semblance of a smile. “You could say that.”
Steve snorted a dark laugh. “They weren’t wrong.”
is a good idea? Someone tell me, I’m all out of ideas.”
Dropping his hands, the mage looked at Steve with a crooked smile. “Hello, Steve Rodgers. I’m Tony Stark, a mage-in-training that just managed to royally screw up a familiar summoning. How, you might wonder. I wonder this myself. I mean, literally, how does my magic think that giving me a
Reminded, Tony put a hand to his hair. Bedhead. Right.
“Why I got you, you mean? Heh. No. I’ve been studying my own magic for years and while I figured out the rules of how it worked, why still escapes me. Never made much sense to my father, either, and it was frustrating to him in the extreme.” Also a raging disappointment as Tony couldn’t follow in his footsteps. But he preferred not to think about that. “So I have little faith I’ll figure this out but I’d like to at least try.”
Rhodey immediately snatched his hand back. “It’s working?!”
“Five seconds. Right.” Shaking his head, Steve gestured for him to rejoin him at the bar. Tony promptly did so, retreating to his seat. Only once he was settled did Steve continue talking. “I told you I was one of the best. Well, the reason why I say that is because I was made into one of the best. At the beginning of the war—how much do you know about the war between Brooks on Lynn and Nazin?”
Second thing that prompted Steve’s opinion on this was that Tony didn’t precisely look well to him. There was an ashen pallor under his olive skin tone, dark circles under his eyes that couldn’t be explained away by lack of sleep. There was something subtly wrong and Steve couldn’t put his finger on it. If there was something Steve was intimately acquainted with, it was being chronically ill. Of moving despite that, functioning day to day, because what other choice was there? Tony was definitely the type to move through sheer willpower.
“Go ahead, there’s a changing room in there.”
Steve stopped abruptly on a street corner and looked back. With his memory, it wasn’t really possible to get lost. Still, he didn’t want to wander far, either. He didn’t have any of the local currency on him, or even travel papers to show. He was already several blocks away from Tony’s shop. Best to head back.
He looked around at his workshop and felt a pang. Even this had been something of a grace given to him. Tony’s mind liked mechanical things, and it especially liked dissecting spells, so he’d gained something of a reputation. It had led slowly into this business, where he could build things for other mages, or study a spell for them when it went wrong and point out the weakness. It had been a rather steady income. And fun, too.
“No one’s actively shooting at me, so as strange as this situation is, I can safely say that I’ve been through worse.” Steve let go and looked around with interest. “Are you an artificer?”
The other man looked nice, too, taller and darker in skin than his companion. He was watching Steve as if he’d started a strip show, eyes in danger of leaving his head altogether. Steve didn’t know what he’d done to warrant that reaction. Steve was in casual wear of khaki pants and a leather jacket, as he’d been on the way to the docks to work out some frustration. Then again, maybe it was him being here at all that garnered this reaction? Steve was certainly surprised to go from docks to this cluttered workroom with no warning.
The man turned to Steve, expression curious. He offered a blunt-tipped hand. “I’m Tyrick, ship’s captain.”
Had his summoning been a mistake? Or had Tony’s magic known precisely what it was doing?
He looked up to see how the shopping was coming only to find that Steve had changed into a soft navy blue shirt that did really amazing things for both his eyes and biceps and yes. Absolutely yes, they were buying that one.
For a long, paralyzing moment, nothing seemed to happen. Rhodey’s hand came to rest at his back, not only bracing him, but tingling with his own magical power.
“Uh-oh,” Tony said under his breath. “Steve, I think you’re about to see me in action. Yaegar, what’s happening?”
After that initial jerk, the ship’s sideways movement died down, and it settled again with a slight creak. Steve didn’t automatically release Tony when that happened. He found that he couldn’t, his protective instincts flaring despite the danger being past. “Alright?”
“For a while, sure. Nothing urgent drawing me back.” Steve eyed him, judging the wisdom to say this, but in the end said it anyway. “And you need a familiar, right?”
Steve sat a plate in front of him that had pancakes, easy-over eggs, and two strips of bacon. Tony may have whimpered a little as he couldn’t remember the last time someone had cooked him anything, even a meal as simple as this. He bit into it with gusto, found it all delightful, and was down to the last few bites of pancake before questions started leaking through. “Uh, Steve. I was distracted with a summoning spell gone rogue, so I didn’t ask questions I maybe should have?”
“Fucking shit,” was Tony’s dark opinion of that. “Docks or ship?”
fetch anything but an animal of some kind.”
Steve expected the net to start snapping a line at a time as Tony’s magic worked. That wasn’t what happened at all. One minute, there was a net wrapped around the main mast and over half of the ship. The next, it was gone. It disintegrated like dust in the wind, no trace of it to be seen.
For all Steve knew, he did. After a moment of hesitation, Tony followed him up, and Steve brought up the rear. It wasn’t the widest of staircases and he had to move somewhat sideways to keep his shield from banging against either side of the wall.
Steve shook the hand, mouth quirked up in a polite smile. “Steve, nice to meet you.”
Steve ignored his breakfast, eyes taking Tony in with that penetrative stare that made it feel as if he could see right through him. “You know, I’ve wondered that about you more than once. You tell me you’re an artificer, and a mage-in-training, and that should tell me a lot. But it doesn’t really. Because it doesn’t explain your strange magic, or the way you can dissect things with your eyes. There’s a glamour on that shield too, a deflection so that mages can’t analyze it the way you just did.”
“Yes, good, you’ve got the basics. So, first rule is that the familiar summoned can’t belong to anyone else. Second is that it must have the strength and talents necessary to support the mage, as you just said. Third and last rule is that it must be willing to be bound.” Rhodey explained this in a very neutral tone of voice.
Everyone else had scrambled for whatever safety they could find, most hiding in the cabin. They yelled back affirmatives.
“I’ll boost you—”
Steve looked towards the sky, watched as the stars slowly took over as the sun steadily set. If he were called for a reason…if that’s what Tony figured out, that Steve was precisely what he needed, what then? Did Steve stay? For a strange man that he didn’t even know?
“—but that’s neither here nor there, the point is I’ve figured out that I can destroy things just fine, that seems to be where my talent lies, but it takes me forever to get an incantation out. I can’t use grimoires, or static spells, they don’t mesh well with me. I have to do fresh, tailored spells every time. Longest spell I use it something like a three minute incantation.”
Steve answered against the top of Tony’s head. “Yes. Do it.”
Holy hell. When Tony said he could dismantle things,
It seemed a bit more advanced here, or maybe it was the blend of magic and technology that made him think so. Brooks on Lynn, they leaned towards magic more than machines. Steve passed several trolleys, most of them powered by machine, as he could see the engines. And there were motorcars, rather large ones that could seat more than four people that caught his eye. They even had a few pay phones on the corners in enclosed boxes, which people could readily used. A wealthy country to afford that. Brooks on Lynn was so war torn at this point that having a city like this was only a dream. It made Steve wistful.
Steve
There’s a moment of hesitation where he simply hangs in the air, considering his options at lightspeed. If he leaves Steve and Natasha behind, they have no other defenses; if one of them goes down, the other will be overwhelmed. But Clint isn’t enough to help keep the perimeter if she’s focusing her attacks on him and the Hulk. He has to make his decision,
He hadn’t even realized he’d closed his eyes until they’re fluttering open, head in a daze as he takes in the scene around him. He’s curled in on himself, both hands over the arc reactor as if to guard it. His desk chair is knocked over a few feet away, the hardware he was working on strewn about the ground. He must have fallen, then-- and taken more than a few things with him.
“Once SHIELD began to take note of your reckless behavior, I was sent in to keep tabs on you,” she continues as if he hasn’t spoken, “when we realized you were dying, we knew we couldn’t afford to lose you. So we found as many resources as we possibly could to help you save your own life.”
him--
“It will, this time,” Stephen says to the empty room. “It will, and you’ll have no one to blame but yourself.”
The thought alone makes him sick. He
“I didn’t, at first,” Steve says evenly, not rising to the bait. But there’s a furrow to his brow that wasn’t there before, and Tony knows he’s getting to him already. “I wanted to believe that you wouldn’t lie to us. But I couldn’t… I couldn’t take that risk, Tony. If there was any chance…”
“Of course not. So what’s the trick to this one, oh wise Fairy Godmother?” he leans back in his chair, raising an eyebrow at him.
“Take me back to the tower, we’re done here.” Tony snaps, tearing his gaze away at last and turning his back on him. Stephen sighs in resignation, but draws his hand up to spark the portal to life. The Sanctum gives way to the familiar heart of the workshop, and Tony doesn’t hesitate to step through.
“The Earth will reclaim what we have lost,” she says, dragging a hand over the chestplate of the armor. “It is you, and your kind-- your greed that pulls life from the soil as if it were nothing. You will reap what you have sown, Stark. The avarice in your heart will strangle the very life out of you.”
need it at some point. Doesn’t hurt to be prepared, right?” Tony knows well enough that he’s already rambling, fueled by low level anxiety and too much caffeine. But he
“I don’t know why you’re keeping information from us, and I know I’m the last person who should be lecturing you on keeping secrets,” Her empty amusement echoes between them both, “But if there’s
“If I ever have to see another flower in my life,” Natasha complains through gritted teeth, “it will
time for Paris, Steven,” Tony sniffs, if only to be dramatic. It at least tugs a smile out of him, so he counts it as a win.
“Anything else?” Steve asks, a hint of amusement in his voice.
“Thor, you beautiful bastard!” Clint whoops, “Took your ass long enough to get down here!”
he hasn’t said anything before this, and now his life-- of
Just raising his voice is enough to leave him winded, but he’s not going to back down now. He doesn’t know what Strange told Steve, so if he can keep him at arm’s length, maybe he can make it out of this.
“Nothing, just,” Clint grimaces slightly, clearly allergic to the whole
“You’re doing a hell of a lot of damage yourself, you know!” he calls out to her, flying closer to draw in the vines. He can hear Clint’s explosives sound off behind him, the answering screams of the flowers lit aflame grating at his ears. Arna’s attention is drawn back to them for only a second before Tony is firing on her, deploying and aiming the laser handgauntlets directly at the center of the roots. She practically
will keep them safe. They’re meant to go to Rhodey anyway, should anything ever happen to the War Machine armor. Even if he refuses to take the title, Tony knows that Rhodey will be a better Iron Man than the world could ever deserve.
“Enough with the chatter,” Steve interrupts, stern as he always is in the field. Though Tony could
Consciousness comes back to him in steady increments.
“They are sunflower petals, Sir. They often mean loyalty and admiration. The others I believe to be rose petals, though they are not naturally found in shades of blue. Roses are often associated with immense love; the blue shade is a symbol of the unattainable, or a dream that cannot be claimed.” The AI seems apologetic, if anything. “Shall I contact one of the others, Sir?”
“Right. Pretty much all of that.” Bruce nods in agreement. “Like Steve said, he’s going to want to check you over again, probably take some x-rays of your chest. I’ll…” he glances quickly between Steve and Tony, considering his options. “...I’ll go grab him. Keep an eye on him for me, Steve?”
No, it can’t be this easy. He has to be lying.
long. I wanted you to tell me because I can
The relieved laughter bubbles out of him not a second later, unshed tears springing to his eyes. He’s going to live; he’s going to live, and Steve
Tony pushes aside his annoyance with Strange to rack his brain, trying to piece together what it was
Before he can think better of it, he adds quietly, “He’s got enough weight on his shoulders-- I don’t need to add my death to it.”
“It’s so beautiful. How did I never realize how beautiful your paintings were before?” Steve carefully shifted his body and his wing so that Tony was curled under and against him.
“They should know why the only pronoun you use is ‘He’”
"I can get a hotel room."
“Oh! Can I talk about the standard draconic marriage and childhood then?” Tony asked Steve. “And you can correct anything the books got wrong, or which is outdated.”
“I think it sounds like a good idea. If you end up in the hospital or something, Pepper should be the one making business decisions, not me.” Steve said.
“Steve… Is that a gold bow tie?” Tony asked.
“ASK Steve about his conversation with Queen Peggy and General Fury about gender pronouns.”
“Sit and drink. Let the fact that you aren’t there anymore sink in. Would you like me to talk? Or Count?”
“Right.” Steve turned the cargo van a few times and then pulled gently into a parking spot in front of a monstrously ugly yellow brick building. “This is home then.”
“Yes,” Phil agreed. “Most first time parents promise their offspring to one of their clans in advance. The promised clan then helps provide the parents with food for the growing fledglings.”
“Hey,” Tony said cheerfully, “If my choices are to play with strange magic that might kill me or go back out front and deal with Obie I choose the strange magic.”
“But how dare she gaze so brazenly out from the canvas?” Steve asked, causing all three of the others to snicker.
“Yeah. That’s why I stopped looking for the artifacts. The cavern Tony calls the Triskelion room is mostly natural. I was resting there in between outings, trying to decide where I wanted to winter for the year when I woke up surrounded by the treasures of my clan. I had thought the high council had found some way around the spells the clan elders crafted to protect them from theft, but whatever they did, it didn’t work forever.”
“No, I mean there is no bed. My bed burned down. My room was on fire. Good thing there was nothing for me to put in there I guess.”
“Sure do. Just look at the comments section of any political article online.”
“Clint is excellent with a bow, and Nat is deadly with knives.” Phil commented.
“Can we get in, get Tony out?”
“OK Tony. Whatever you want.”
“Five should be fine. We don’t need to decorate with them here. I like painting the walls.”
“We should make shields. We should paint more rings on Steve’s shield! Steve! Your shield needs more rings. You are a clan elder now, not a captain! I could have fixed that for you at any time, and you never said!”
“You’ve really thought this out.”
“That doesn’t mean I can’t go visit Crystal,” either Clint or Pietro replied, “It just means I can’t take the phone with me when I go.”
“No, we really didn’t get very far into our evening plans at all.” Crystal said.
“There are a lot of differences between the way dragons see and the way humans see. I always hoped I’d done a good job when I was painting the human rooms.”
“You can’t exactly come with me,” Tony pointed out. “You won’t fit through any of the doors or hallways inside the manor.”
“Hey man, You need a hand with that? Or maybe a ride?” Tony looked up from his collection of bags, at a familiar van, and a familiar blue eyed driver.
“He bought you a house?”
“I was a third child, I don’t know if that’s what you want to base your story on,” Phil said.
“I want you to be happy here. And… well, I like the building and this gives me some direction. I was feeling kinda weird about building endless rooms that I didn’t know would ever be occupied for dragons that probably don’t exist yet.”
“So how was your childhood so unusual that it caused political unrest?” Nat asked. From his position under Steve’s wing Tony felt the larger dragon tense, then start to relax with some gentle nuzzling.
“Yeah. I tried to convince him to move in here too. I’d rather him not live out of a factory workshop.”
“Your families are all criminals?”
“Eagle.” Phil contributed.
“You are welcome. I built this lair hoping that others would listen, and follow me here. I am thrilled to have you.” Steve reached out and gently brushed his cheek against Phil’s. The move made Phil fluff up in surprised delight, while both Tony and Clint bristled jealously. Nat trilled a delighted laugh at the scene, then glanced around once she had the attention of the others.
“Yeah. It seems to have been what he was after.” Steve responded.
“Valentine’s must be your favorite holiday.’
“I’d like that a lot.”
“I’ve never seen him paint. Oils are kind of expensive, and he doesn’t like to splurge on things for himself. But he could do something with his pencils that would work. I’m sure of it.”
“You should probably have a childhood like Steve’s should have been. With three living hatchlings your parents would definitely have pledged you to a clan early for the help in providing food. Any gaps in your knowledge of dragon things can be blamed on inexperienced parents who were working too hard to feed you to worry about your education, and the fact that you had no input on clan choice would explain why you were so eager to leave. Star clan was famous for its dedication to innovation, with Tony as a sibling the incredibly conservative nature of your first clan…Purple Mountain Clan is famous for being conservative… would have been something to escape.” Phil offered.
The drive to Scranton was full of gossip, Tony had plenty of complaints about the people he was dealing with in trying to get the old factory converted to whatever its new purpose was meant to be. Steve listened and commiserated as Tony drove him towards whatever was planned for next.
“My toes?”
“Nah,” Steve interrupted, sliding one arm under Tony’s knees and the other behind his back. “I carry heavier stuff than you on a daily basis. I’m not leaving you in a cold van when you’ve only been conscious for twenty minutes. I still think I should have taken you to the hospital.”
“We’ve been helping him look for a thing.” The blond said quietly. “The name is unpronounceable by humans, and like a paragraph when translated, so I was just calling it the goober. It amused him as much as it annoyed him, so he let me. We found a thing he thought was THE thing. He told us not to touch it, and we listened since it was turning every human that touched it into statues that crumbled into dust as soon as they were disturbed in any way. He seemed to be handling it just fine, and he got all excited, but when he tried to do something with it, it turned into light that stabbed him and he collapsed.” He looked over at Steve. “He talked about you a lot… at least I think it was you he was talking about… dragon names are so weird, blue star bright or something since colors don’t translate right. He even started going by Phil when we heard rumors about you going by Steve… I just thought that if anyone knew how to help him it would be you.”
“Steve doesn’t approve of you hanging out at the bar and flirting?”
“My shoes…” Tony wiggled his toes, realizing that his shoes had vanished along with his suit. His feet were currently in thick cotton socks and nothing else.
“You know, most of those movies end with the main characters in different relationships from when they started. Almost no one ends up healthily married to the very first person they ever dated.” Steve replied thoughtfully.
“It’s neither much of a story, nor very interesting. It was used by my clan leader to highlight the … ah… short sightedness of the high council, which is a council made up of all the elders of all the recognized clans.”
“What if there isn’t any better?”
“Has any girl you’ve picked up at that bar been honest with you about why she was in town?”
“I’m glad I could make your dream come true. I’m just sorry I don’t have a collection of fans for you to pose in front of.”
“So the shields aren’t just for combat?” Clint asked.
“I… breakfast…yeah…come on, the car is waiting… Oh. The paperwork on the house is in the top drawer of that desk there. My PA ran it past our lawyers. It should all be in order.”
Tony woke to someone pounding on the inside of his head with a hammer. No, wait, that was his brain throbbing in time with some music that was WAY too loud. No, wait, it was just a hangover, the music was actually pretty quiet and he was in Steve’s bed again. At least he knew the way to the bathroom from there. He could not (unfortunately) scrub the inside of his skull, but judicious use of water DID make him feel a bit more human. Some kind person (probably Steve) had put his new hygiene supplies in the bathroom for him, along with a pile of folded clothing that Tony vaguely remembered buying. He staggered out towards the kitchen in search of coffee and was greeted by a familiar brunette and a strange red-head. Wanda was dressed in a bright scarlet kimono decorated with diagonal lines of white dots and flowers. The red head was wearing a soft green kimono sprinkled in fall leaves. Both women had their hair up in buns, and the red head was doing Wanda’s nails.
“Clint’s idea is sound.” Steve decided. “I’ll help you up to the ladder, then I’ll watch the back door while Wanda watches the front. Pietro, take a slow loop around the building to see if there are any marks in the snow showing where someone might have been drug off towards some other building, then keep an eye on Wanda and I so no one gets confused if the situation changes.
“Facilities. These halls and tunnels are not the first I have carved and tended,” Steve said. “The magic in the shield is so that I can use it to…sssssssssssssssivvvvvvvvvver… force melted rock into existing structures to reinforce them? Without damaging the shield.”
“One of them is a red haired woman and a blond man driving a farm cart covered with a tarp. I expect they are planning to offer you something in exchange for your assistance in some matter.”
Tony made an odd, questioning sound in the back of his throat, then blinked, startled with himself.
“You don’t know if he can survive without it? He told Steve he had a ‘very fancy pacemaker’.”
“Cap?” Tony asked.
He would not stay for me, and who can wonder?
“Steve runs things around here then?”
Pietro padded out into the living room a few minutes later tying his tie. He paused and blinked at Wanda for a moment, and the group watching T.V. ignored him until he chose to speak. “When you said you would dress fit for an art show this was not what I was expecting.”
“It’s a great story Steve!”
“Mmmm,” Wanda hummed agreeably, “how did the job go?”
“Ah, see, Anthony is desperately needed back in Shikaakwa. His parents are dead, and his brother is missing.”
“мой красивый паук Мне нужна резервная копия” He yelled, before freezing, hands slowly raising. Steve decided to ignore that for now. He Shoved the door closed behind Alexi and locked it. Then he grabbed the suitcase that had fallen when he tackled Alexi and crawled over to where Clint was hovering over a Tony whose lips were slowly turning blue. He fumbled the lump of metal up out of the suitcase, and cursed at himself solidly as it took him three tries to get it to slot properly into the receptacle in Tony’s chest.
“Does that tree have metal heart shaped leaves?” Tony wondered if he was hallucinating. This looked like a hallucination. Some sort of Alice in wonderland, What kind of mushrooms was I eating earlier, Did I remember to get Ru a Valentine’s day gift, cold induced fantasy land.
“Oh.”
"What kinds of classes?"
I don’t speak Yiddish, but my Wanda and Pietro grew up Roma and Jewish, so they would speak some. S'iz shver tsu zayn a Yid (It's tough to be a Jew) is a Yiddish folk saying
“Dragons wear our shields on our backs at gatherings so that guards looking down from higher balconies can identify our clan affiliation,” Steve finished. “They are an adult dragon’s most important possession.”
“No… I mean… It’s a very nice house.”
Steve opened the box carefully, saving the ribbon and folding the tissue paper aside so that he could read the delicately engraved ‘Tony and Steve’. “Yeah, let’s go hang it. Where do you want it on the tree?”
“Mmmm, and the spells are in the books, and I should have lots of time to practice with them over the winter…”
“Not too bad,” said the woman who must be Crystal. “The guy was very drunk, and passed out mid scream before anyone else at the bar decided to get involved.”
“That must have sucked.”
“Pretty much, though with two pieces together the third piece should be drawn here, if it has a bearer to carry it. I can make sure this piece doesn’t kill Phil indefinitely, but I can’t do that and go looking for the third piece.”
“So, I open the door standing behind it so that no one is visible to them at first?” Clint suggested.
“Have you checked your email?”
“Is that a yes?” Steve asked.
If anyone has anything they particularly want to see from future prompts let me know!
“Steve, I’ve seen your bed. It’s not big enough for two.”
“Work, but my shops are in Malibu and New York, and all of my electronics went down when the car did.”
“I make a decent spaghetti.” Steve offered, then headed off into the kitchen to the sounds of generalized assent. Dinner was full of fun familial chatter and Crystal didn’t leave until Clint returned. The five headed off to their various beds, Steve once again insisting that Tony take his bed. In the morning Tony was the first one out the door, headed to Joey’s to work on his car, but less than an hour later the quartet’s calm morning routine was shattered by Crystal’s voice screaming “Pietro! Pietro! Open up!” accompanied by pounding on door.
“You probably would.” Crystal agreed quietly from the circle of Pietro’s arms. “And you should likely hurry.”
“Except for you,” Phil interjected.
“Are you just saying that so that I will keep talking?”
“Yeah. They are pretty incompressible… Like that Shakespearean play we went to. Even when I recognized the words, I’m pretty sure they weren’t being used in the ways that I’m used to. Dum-E promised to scan them for me, and I was going to see if Jarvis couldn’t help me make sense of them.” Steve explained.
“So how did something so fundamental to dragon reproduction become lost?” The red head asked with some confusion.
And went with half my life about my ways.
This work is not beta'ed, all mistakes are entirely my own.
There was only one vehicle in the community center parking lot when Cap’s kooky quartet pulled in. A dark van that matched the blurry picture on Crystal’s phone. The large metal main door was closed, and other than the two vans the place looked just as abandoned as it was supposed to look on February weekends. The small windows high on the walls didn’t allow for a view inside, and the group of would be rescuers paused to listen to the overly loud sound of their shoes on the parking lot gravel.
“Nah, I subscribe to one of those services that delivers fruit and stuff to me. J.A.R.V.I.S. manages my stock and subscription.”
“It’s a converted office building.” Steve cheerfully responded to Tony’s obvious confusion. “They used to print the local paper here, back when there was a local paper. Now it’s apartments, best square footage to price ratio in town.”
“That guy who’s been staying with you guys for the last few days just got kidnapped!” Crystal gasped for breath, clearly having run for the apartment. “Some guy dressed in black and yellow like a ninja from one of those kung fu movies you love grabbed him from behind and shoved him into a van. I tried to call the police while I followed them out to the summer community center, but they acted like I was making things up! And I couldn’t call you guys! Where is your phone?”
“Who would have thought that your experience with robbery would come in handy like this?” Wanda asked.
“I would like that too.” Tony admitted. Then he tried to change the subject. “So when is this movie of yours set to start?”
“Aren’t you cold?” Tony asked Steve, gently considering the white t-shirt clad shoulder he was propped up against.
“No big deal. The only difference between tonight and any other night is that it’s you up rather than one of the others.”
“Hot yes, but I doubt she’s Japanese. I didn’t ask, but I’ve never met a red head who considered themselves to be Japanese.”
“Coffee?”
“Steve was going to hunt us breakfast. Do you guys want to try flying over the lake? What should I call you anyway? Do you have preferences?”
“It was Clint’s fault really,” Steve mused after a pause. “I mean we met at the courthouse. I’d just gotten emancipated, and he was released from Juvie on the same day. There was no one to pick either of us up, so we were just sitting there on a bench, dressed in ill-fitting suits, him with a garbage bag of mostly ruined belongings and me with three hundred dollars and a folder stuffed with my paperwork. Neither of us had any idea of what to do with ourselves. He was assuming he would rob someone when he got hungry enough. He knew a bit about stealing, his older brother taught him before getting them both arrested.”
“That whole inbreeding issue,” Tony added. “It didn’t used to be that way according to the oldest books.”
“If he hurt you I'd find a way.” Steve replied seriously.
“Clint told me I’d find you here.”
for more info!
“Wait! These are the triangle things in all those books! With the untranslatable names that always start and end with triangles!”
“There aren’t a lot of options there.” Steve pointed out. “There are only the two doors, and Wanda is the only one of us who could fit through the windows.”
“Former Russian operative, now a murderer for hire operating under the alias ‘Ronin’.”
“Steve tackled him, beat him up, and took it back.” Clint announced cheerfully.
“A chance to become a dragon? Not one of us is foolish enough to turn that down.” The red head said.
“You follow the X-Men?”
“They’re in your workshop.” Steve answered the unspoken question he heard in Tony’s statement.
he rasps out, wiping at the blood on his lips with the back of his hand. God, it
. Your favorite book is Pride and Prejudice and I
“Why do none of you believe I’m capable of staying in one place?” Tony huffs as soon as Bruce is out of the room and, thus, out of earshot.
“Yeah, of course, J. You’ve never really uh-- asked for permission before. Something up?” Tony generally doesn’t make a habit of staring up at the ceiling when talking to Jarvis, unlike the other tower occupants, but he feels like he should make an exception. It seems important, for some reason.
thing. “I just uh. Just wanted to say thanks. For everything. Like I know you’re not actually gonna-- ya know. But still. Statement’s still out there. You’re a better guy than they’ve ever made you out to be, Stark.”
Tony shouldn’t feel so happy to hear his own name in the field, especially when Steve is technically
he echoes to himself, because he’s not going down without a fight.
of being bedridden is worse than the pain itself. Speaking of which-- there doesn’t seem to be too many points of pain, other than the expected scrapes and bruises. The weight of the arc reactor is familiar against his chest, and he’s
Whatever sacrifice you’re trying to make-- it’s not worth it.”
But that doesn’t make any sense-- is it just because Tony’s in pain? He’s always been sombre when one of them is hurt, but not… not like this.
what this is-- Steve is telling him he loves him. He means it, in that undeniably earnest way of his. Oh, god. How could this possibly be real?
at the center
“I don’t
He glances around the room, taking in the familiar sight of the medbay. Everything is bathed in the afternoon light that streams through the windows, casting everything in a warm glow. It’s a nice comfort, considering how much he
“Well there
said life-- but he really would like to know which action in particular warranted this sort of torture.
digging in against the arc reactor, choking the air out of his lungs. The nausea hits him like a tidal wave. He doubles over with a hand over his mouth as he’s wracked by sickening coughs, a flurry of flower petals ripping themselves past his lips. He can taste the perfume of them on his tongue, velvet soft against his teeth.
He can’t fly anymore. The strain that it puts on the ensnared arc reactor is too much to keep him alive
“...Tell me-- tell me again.” Tony asks of him. Steve smiles, a small upturn at the corner of his mouth.
“Are you in love, Tony?” is the next question out of Strange’s mouth, to which Tony freezes entirely. He can’t help it-- he thinks of soft sunlight through blonde strands of hair, bright blue eyes and laughter that warms him to his very core. He thinks of gentle hands-- an
The roots converge on him once more, but he doesn’t have the time to consider dodging.
“If you’re there for your own safety, you’re not,” Steve says, sitting his sketchbook on the side table before looking to Tony again. There’s a fond warmth in his tilted smile, and it makes something stir in his chest. ...Not metaphorically, either-- the weight against his chest only seems to get
information from the pages. It looks like chicken scratch, really, so that’s not going to help him at all.
It still feels utterly surreal in a way he can’t properly explain. He grips at Steve’s shirt beneath his hands, as though if he lets go, everything will go right back to the way it was. He doesn’t want to let go-- and by how tightly Steve is holding onto him, he imagines he isn’t the only one feeling that way.
sustain the suit. (Now
Stark?”
Steve is ready to argue in an instant, but Natasha’s already voicing her agreement. “He’s right, Cap. Stark and Thor can finish her off-- there’s not much more we can do from here without getting burnt to hell.”
“Don’t you know I’m a
“Absolutely
“I will drop your ass, Barton.”
Stark. I would appreciate a few moments of silence so I can
At some point, he arranges a movie night up on the rooftop, with as much cushy seating as possible and a huge projector on the side of the building. It’s disgustingly domestic, and it’s easily one of the best nights of his life. They watch the first Godfather and insist upon starting the second, even though half of them are asleep by the end of it.
“Keep first responders on standby, we’re going to need the fire department to step in if we can’t keep it contained,” he answers immediately, “We need to keep her focus
him. But he’s the only one that Steve breaks his own rules for, and god if it doesn’t leave him positively
orchids were my favorite,” Clint comments over the comm line. He sounds like a petulant child, rather than a grown man shooting explosive arrows into the face of crazed, mutated flowers.
No, he thinks as he wipes the blood from his mouth. No, being poisoned would be kinder than this.
“I’ll cover you,” Tony says, “I’ve still got a few tricks up my sleeve.”
he wants to say.
digging in against his sternum, as though the arc reactor itself is lit aflame--
“Thanks. I think.” he replies, trying to maintain a casual tone and just narrowly missing the mark. If Clint notices, he doesn’t acknowledge it. He just nods and turns back to the movie.
“I know I try not to talk about it much, but-- god, Tony, I
they do.”
Steve’s answering smile is easily one of the most beautiful things he’s ever seen in his life. “Never been more sure about anything.” Then his mouth is on his, and Tony’s thoughts white out entirely.
pulse beneath it. “She said it was my greed, that would kill me. And maybe she was right, because I’ve never wanted
a sudden understanding in his eyes.
Tony questions as he flies past the archer’s perch. Large vines have begun scaling the nearby high-rise buildings, the concrete structures groaning and cracking under the weight. The repulsor blasts rip through them well enough, but they’re growing at a faster rate than Tony can contain them.
Tony’s heart gives a very painful lurch in his chest, though it has nothing to do with the parasitic flowers that have taken up refuge there. “What’s got him on edge today? It’s not like we’ve learned anything new.”
“...He told me about the cure,” Steve says at last, turning to face him again. “He didn’t… he didn’t tell me who it was, but-- I know now, what it would take to save you.” There’s a flicker of a grief Tony can’t name across his face, and for a brief moment he would swear it looks like
of this.
“Rock and a hard place, Nat,” he tries for a shrug, but winces at it tugs at the soreness in his chest.
Bruce waves off the thanks as he heads for the door, “You can thank me by staying in bed, Tony.”
“If you don’t stop with the god awful magic jokes, I’ll drop you right back on your doorstep and you can figure this one out
of him with his free hand. “You know?”
“I will let the fire claim me before I surrender to your kind, Stark! I will burn you
“You had no right to make that decision for me,” he continues sternly, “and I’d ask you to never do it again, but I’m hoping there won’t
“I thought you were a self-righteous prick when we first met,” are the first words out of his mouth, which is-- not what he wanted. At all. Steve’s snort of amusement tells him that he's being very hypocritical, considering he just chided Steve for doing the same exact thing. “You just got under my skin so
A spasm rips through his chest, tearing him away with a pained gasp. He can feel the vines shifting and tugging, crushing the arc reactor and his heart in kind. He presses his face against Steve’s shoulder, shuddering against the white hot pain as it tears through his rib cage. Tony can hear his panicked voice, but it’s muffled by the pounding of his own heart in his ears. Then--
She stands at the heart of the tree trunk sized vines, the bottom half of her body contorted to grow into the very plants that spread across the streets. Her skin is a sickly shade of greens and browns, cracked like the bark of a tree. If she were human before, she’s certainly not now.
Speaking of which, Rhodey and Pepper take the news about the same as they did last time. Which is to say, they’re grateful he actual
He grabs the gauntlets from the concrete, tossing them onto the table without the care they deserve. He sits, and he works, and he breathes, while he still can.
“Don’t think you ever could, Jarvis,” Tony says, an irrefutable honesty to his words. He knows that Jarvis will do what he can for the team, and that’s all he can ask of him. The AI was an extension of himself, after all-- meant to do what he couldn’t, meant to process and extrapolate all of the data Tony couldn’t hope to memorize. Jarvis is the best sidekick he could have ever asked for, really. He just hopes it’s enough to leave behind.
Jarvis attempts to warn him, but it’s already too late. The rogue vines snake around his waist, his legs, and
to you.”
“The spell is directly tied to your emotions, Tony. I reached out to it to understand it, and it replied in kind. I knew, but I wasn’t sure that
“Given that I’m not the one who cast it, I would have to remove the emotion the spell is attached to entirely. Which is to say that I would have to remove any trace of emotion you
“If I don’t, he’ll be halfway down to the workshop before we can blink,” Steve replies, giving Tony a very pointed side eye.
There’s something in his chest.
“Hey, takes one to know one, I guess--” Strange presses a hand to his chest, the circular Tao Mandala sparking to life against his skin. Tony cuts himself off with a hiss of pain, feeling the object in his chest shudder and shrink back from Strange’s magic.
He thinks of Steve and his kindness, of how easily he calls him
“Sorry. Old habits, I guess.” It’s a shitty excuse and he knows it, but he tosses it out anyway. “So what’ve you been up to?” He tries for the subtle approach, instead of outright saying
Captain, I guess you were
comes to consult me himself, hm? Do you think I’m going to
“That’s not what I’m trying to tell you, Tony,” Natasha interrupts him, a steel in her voice, “I’m trying to tell you that it was
They can’t figure out what the hell it is, but it’s
“You’re getting worse,” Natasha comments, ignoring his weak joke entirely. She removes her hand from his shoulder, though she looks as though she’d still like to check him over for injuries. His tailbone feels particular bruised, but aside from that and the garden growing in his lungs, he seems no more worse for wear.
“You’re right. Maybe you should keep that in mind the next time you think about jumping directly into the line of fire,” Steve replies dryly. He glances Tony over, clearly taking stock of his injuries. “How’re you feeling?”
She’s practically curled in on herself, shuddering as the flames burn through her elongated limbs. Arna looks to Tony with nothing but a biting fury in her black eyes, baring her teeth.
Shit. He hadn’t realized how close the fires had gotten. The air filters in the suit had kept him from smelling the burning wood and weeds, from tasting the ash in the air-- but Jarvis is right. Even with Steve’s enhanced abilities, Tony doesn’t intend to let either of them stick around long enough to test the limits of that.
about this. I just…” he exhales harshly, tugging his fingers through the tangled strands of his hair. Tony is struck by just how
“I’m more of a coffee guy,” he quips, though the usual fire behind it is missing. In the blink of an eye, the teacup morphs into a cup of black coffee. The aroma is more than tempting, but he still doesn’t drink from it.
“You know I hate magic, Strange,” Tony says, rubbing at his forehead in annoyance. “More so than usual, right now. I’m not gonna drink your voodoo coffee.”
convince Steve to leave his bedside for two seconds. He was always such a worrywart when one of them was hurt. There’s a soft, concerned frown on his face, something that makes him unfairly attractive and endearing all at once.
“Hey,” Clint stage whispers to Tony, tossing a piece of popcorn at him and pulling him out of his half doze.
“We found our source, if you gentlemen would like to contribute,” Natasha speaks up alongside him, sarcasm lacing her voice. Tony’s really starting to wonder when she started taking pages out of Steve’s books, if she’s being this serious.
in his chest. Huh. He wonders if they’ve had a chance to properly check the reactor yet.
of it. You were at the end of your rope, Tony, but you still didn’t
“You know what? You’re right, I’m definitely not listening anymore,” he bites back, trying to stumble to his feet on his own. He grips the edge of the desk for support as he blinks back the black spots that dance across his vision. “I had no idea what the fuck I was doing then, and I sure as shit have no idea
“Yes.” It almost hurts to say aloud. Tony doesn’t understand how a single word can feel like a lead weight on his chest.
“Well
Steven, you’re going to give me a heart attack one of these days--”
“Do they know?”
finds out.” There is silence between them, watching each other in guarded restraint. The tension threatens to break them both.
“...We need to tell the others,” Steve says eventually. His fingers are tangled in Tony’s hair, gently pulling through the strands. Tony’s starting to realize just how exhausted he is, if that alone is enough to get him to start nodding off.
“Great. So let’s reverse the spell and turn me back into a real boy, Doc. I’ve got important things to get back to.”
“I’m trying to save your
did.” The realization hits him like a tidal wave. Strange
“--Dr. Catalina is still here, if you wanted to talk to him that badly,” Bruce raises an eyebrow at him.
“Ah. Yeah.” Steve strode over to the desk, and opened the smallest drawer to grab a box. “Somehow my plans got all out of order. I was going to present you with the folder after you said yes, and ask when the folder was complete. I guess I should give up on surprising you and improvise a little.” He turned and took the step that would put him back in front of Tony, dropping gracefully to one knee. He fumbled with the box slightly less gracefully, but eventually managed to display the ring inside. “Tony, I am never as happy as when I am with you, and never want to spend another moment without you if I can help it. Before we met I had no roots, barely a place in this world, and no home. You gave me a home, and that home is you. I want to grow old with you by my side, and I want our homes to be with each other always. Marry me, Please.”
“Not two, just you.” Steve said as he slipped an arm around Tony’s waist and steered him towards the door.
“Any hurt these kidnapper cause is their fault, not yours Tony.” Steve countered, “And I am most worried about you getting hurt.”
“Well, it isn’t completely ready yet,” Steve studied Tony’s face. The color was coming back to his cheeks, and the fact that he was using his own words was a good sign that he had been knocked out of whatever spiral he was in. “See here.”
“Uhm, talk please?”
“I’ll take care of that part then, and arranging transportation for the bots.” Tony said.
“I’ve never actually taught anyone to fly before.” Phil said seriously.
“Something like that. Sometimes happiness doesn’t look like we think it should.”
Tony sat in his car for several minutes of deep breathes and shaking. He tried not to think about how many significant others he’d lost over Valentine’s Day. The ones he’d lost for going to big. The ones he’d lost for not going big enough. Steve seemed pretty practical about Valentine’s Day, for a guy who lived in a town obsessed with the Holiday. He’d been laid back when the two discussed their idea of splitting the planning. Steve had arranged dinner and a movie. Tony had arranged a chocolate tasting and a late night surprise in Scranton. If he had done OK there would be sex, and if he messed it up he would be alone again. ‘Nothing I haven’t handled before’ he told himself. ‘I’ve known him for less than a month, even if we break up it won’t be that bad.’ ‘I can do this,’ ended up being the mantra he went with as he opened the car door and headed up to the still broken exterior door of Steve’s building.
“So we can let him take the device, then retrieve Tony?”
“Do you want me to put something else in?” Steve asked hesitantly, gathering up used mugs and dishes. He had returned with a fresh cup of coffee before Tony replied.
“No.”
“Right then. You go get the police on it. I’m going out to the community center to make sure nothing terrible happens to Tony before the police get there.”
The back door opened silently once he moved the bar, and Steve was right outside as he had promised. Pietro popped around the corner a second later and Clint tried to explain the situation as quickly and concisely as possible.
“I have a VERY fancy pacemaker. My heart will be fine. Why did you pick me up instead of calling 911?”
“I think we are going to have to do one or the other,” Clint commented.
“Your ideas?” Tony’s pitch changed the statement into a question.
“So, we need to get it out of him by giving it to someone who was born human while in the process of turning them into a human-dragon hybrid?” Tony asked excitedly. “Can I volunteer?”
“Clint is better than that. Wanda is too. So is Pietro. So am I. So are you.”
“Several Times.” Steve answered. “I think Jarvis is tired of hearing it. He told me he ‘wasn’t programmed to assist with romance’, which I think was his very polite way of asking me to stop.”
“Coffee.”
“Sure,” the brunette who had to be Wanda replied cheerfully, snagging the phone out of the pocket of the guy with the bleached hair. “See? I told you couldn’t just go off and visit Crystal. Steve would have worried all night if we didn’t have the phone.”
“I might try that.” Steve replied with a blink. “I don’t know how well they’ll produce with us nesting nearby. Did you want my company on this patrol?”
“You challenged the murderer to trial by combat!”
“You couldn’t do anything about it, so you left. Now Obadiah wants you back?” Clint asked.
“What were you captain of before?” Tony asked a bit uncertainly.
“No.” Phil interrupted. “You did everything you could possibly have done. You were one dragon against an entire corrupt council. Every dragon who stood aside and let you face the corruption alone deserves to feel shame, but you did everything it was possible to do to bring that murderer to justice.”
Tony wakes cradled in Steve’s arms to the sound of someone pounding on the door. An argument about their next steps bouncing across the room from where Steve is tucked in a corner to where Clint is hovering next to the door.
"Who's us?"
“We should introduce you lot to the Howling Commandos.” Steve replied thoughtfully. "I don’t want people panicking when they see dragons who aren’t me flying… unless you aren’t planning on staying?”
“Thanks.” Tony said softly. “So who is outside the door?”
“Steve!” Tony jumped and spun, clear startlement and distress in his face and eyes. Unsure of the cause, Steve moved immediately to soothe it.
“I was very happy with Rachel, right up until I was very not happy with Rachel. For someone who spent all her time talking about consent she really didn’t have a good grasp of the concept.”
“I’m kind of a chatterbox. No one wants to listen to me for very long.”
“Don’t you have to shop for the smoothie ingredients?”
“So give us the news big guy.” Dum Dum chuckled, patting the rough scales of Steve’s leg with clear relief.
“We let Steve do most of the talking right now though. We are still shy around humans. Stutter a simple answer we can work with later if someone puts us on the spot, and apologize for our lack of skill with human language,” Nat finished.
“This is fine. I really like Galaxy Quest.” It was more than fine really, and Tony was half asleep, sprawled across Steve’s chest by the time the show ended, so Steve let it run a second time. It was Tony’s alarm, set to keep him from forgetting his planned activities that roused them, and Tony was quite annoyed about it for a moment. Sprawled across Steve with the big blonde’s fingers tracing meaningless shapes across his arm had been incredibly comfortable.
"Do you want me to drive by the Garden so you can see it?"
“The vent system is huge.” Clint pointed out. “It wouldn’t take much to get up to the roof and go in that way. I could case the joint, and let you in quietly through whichever door the kidnapper isn’t watching.”
“Aren’t we?” Steve said uncertainly. “Has someone had offspring?”
“A trial by combat I didn’t win.”
“Phones are expensive. Heat, groceries, rent and tuition are more important than having more than one phone.” Steve gently stood Tony up once they were in what looked to be a carpeted hallway. “How are you feeling? How are your feet?”
“Clint,” The purple and white dragon said.
“I am not doing the pose.” Steve replied, face down in his palms.
“You did such a good job that I had no idea how vast the difference was going to be. I knew from my reading that colors didn’t translate right but I thought ‘they see more shades than we do’ not ‘there is a vast array of colors and light that humans are incapable of experiencing’.”
“In the bag with the clothes you were wearing. I don’t know much about first aid, but I do know enough to get hypothermic people out of their wet stuff so they can warm up.” Steve rustled around in the back of the van before coming around to Tony’s door with a duffle bag slung over one shoulder. “You are wearing my spare stuff right now, but I don’t have a spare pair of boots.”
Clint attempted to nod to let her know that he had understood, and she released her grip on him. “Alexi?” he whispered back, lips almost touching her ear.
“Oh. Ok.” Steve turned back to the door a trilled a clear come hither, so the rest of the dragons spilled out into the courtyard behind him. Tony easily slithered into his favorite spot under Steve’s wing, while Clint and Phil tucked against each other near the door and Nat prowled the courtyard for a minute before hopping up onto the wall by the gate where she had a lovely view of the path down the cliff side.
“Our dog. Clint found him. He loves pizza. Don’t trust him if you have pizza in your hands.”
“Everyone knows what happened to Star Clan, so we took the risk of crossing an ocean and a continent to reach Steve and pledge ourselves to Star clan. Technically there should be fledglings before any of this is concrete, but I doubt any humans will ask us about that, and if they do we just say that we are working on that.” Tony finished.
"Yeah. We move stuff and do other odd jobs. Clint teaches archery at the State historical Park in the summer. This time of year everyone is working at the ski lodges and hotels."
“That’s probably my favorite venue. They’ll send a limo to pick us up at the plane, and I’m pretty sure we can manage that one without a single paparazzi bothering us.”
“My workshop?” Tony asked.
“Tony…”
“I don’t suppose you have proof of that?”
“An th’ two farmers?”
“Can anyone think of a better plan?” Steve asked. After a round of negative responses he turned to Tony and continued. “How long will it take Obadiah to return to your former clan home?”
“I am not doing the pose. I just want to watch a movie in peace.” Steve insisted, despite the hands covering his face the blush that had curled up his neck to turn the tips of his ears bright red was obvious.
“I suppose not. There have been lots of times I wished I could forget my parents, but I can’t imagine forgetting EVERYTHING.”
“Untrue. I love listening to you.”
Steve sat just within their open gate, waiting for the guests to arrive. He sat on his haunches, long striped tail curled around his forefeet like a cat. With his wings tucked against his sides and his protoscales relaxed he looked like a ball of fluff. Tony watched from his comfortable seat in the lair where he had pulled a chair up next to the door and tried to remember just how intimidating he had found that pose the first time he met his dragon. It was hard to remember. Steve had long stopped being some dangerous unknown monster, and become… well… Steve. Tony was aware Steve had a more draconic name, but Steve never used it. He had adapted himself to humans a great deal. Tony had spent a long time pawing through Steve’s library, and was aware that the human comfortable courtyard and human comfortable rooms within the lair were not dragon standard. He wondered sometimes why there were so many rooms, three dragon and three human bedrooms seemed a bit much for a being who had lived alone for at least a century before Tony came along. Steve had gone so quiet and sad the one time Tony asked that he had never asked again.
“Really? Did you enjoy yourselves?”
Crystal nodded in agreement. “Be careful. The last kidnapping I witnessed turned out very poorly for everyone involved.”
“Aye, We’ve got word o’ bandits hidin’ to the south o’ the dunes. Eyes in th’ sky would be appreciated.”
“I figured we’d be better off getting jobs, so I drug him over to the library and we spent some time using the computers there to get an idea of where people might be hiring. Neither of us had Diplomas, or any sort of High School equivalent. The only thing either of us had to recommend us was Clint’s skill with a bow. I figured out how to get us here, he out-shot the competition by a huge margin, and I got a job wandering the trails picking up litter left by tourists. We’ve been here ever since.”
“It happened too fast. I got a picture of the van, but I didn’t manage to get anything with the guy or the kidnapping.” Crystal responded.
“Anyone who doesn’t see how brilliant you are MUST be an idiot.”
“I don’t know if I want to tell you this story if you’re sober enough to remember it in the morning.”
“I’m afraid I need to speak with him rather urgently. I would be willing to wait if he is returning in the next few days?”
“I’m in charge of clothes too.” Tony said.
“Can we do it soon? This weekend? You have the planning all done, right?”
“Jesus Steve.”
“Then I know you well enough to know you deserve better.”
“And the other two?”
“That’s hard man. If she was cheating that’s a reflection on her, not on you.”
“You really hate the paparazzi.”
“I could do a flyover, get you a description of the inside of the carriage.”
“I usually just sleep in my workshop.” Tony said softly, struggling to process what Steve was saying here, struggling with the very concept that rather than the house being satisfactory it was Tony himself who was satisfactory. He had no experience with the feelings he was currently experiencing, could never remember a time when he was judged for himself rather than his ideas, his products, the gifts he could give and the paychecks he provide. Perhaps one of the reasons he encouraged the people he liked to become involved in his business ventures was to keep from knowing if they would stay just for him.
Queen Peggy’s guards spilled into the courtyard first, and Steve greeted the Howling Commandos politely by name. They were an almost familiar sight up here, General Fury’s elite bandit hunters conferred regularly with Steve about what he may have seen on his patrols. “Looks like it’s a might busy up here today.” Dugan said thoughtfully as he gestured back to the road up the rock face and chewed on his cigar. “We can wait till you’re done with the rest o them. Were gonna bivouac here tomight least ways, n’less you mind.”
“Who would dare trouble a dragon?” Tony asked.
“Charging,” Steve responded while Pietro gathered Crystal into his arms. “Why don’t you go over to the Police Department and see if they will take you more seriously in person. Did you get any pictures of the kidnapping?”
Tony looked where Phil had gestured, shook his head, then looked again, surprised by how much control he seemed to have over the distances at which his eyes were capable of focusing. “I bet it’s a moose. When he wants to dry meat for the winter he flies far enough to catch them. This is the time of year they normally congregate north of the Marsh.”
“No. It’s his business partner. Obie was kind of any uncle to me… the kind of uncle who is creepy now, and was really into me when I was young enough to be delighted by his attention since I had nothing healthy to compare it to.”
“You asked them?” Tony asked.
Steve didn’t respond for a moment, seeming mesmerized by the flickering of those black feathers against the brightness that was the rest of Tony. “You look like fire and molten metal.” He replied while shaking himself to alertness and climbing to his feet. “Come on, you are probably hungry. I should get you breakfast.”
“I’ll be coordinating with Pepper, and you can add anything you want if I forgot something or got it wrong.” Steve explained.
“Nope.” Tony interrupted. “He is just here to manipulate me into doing something he wants. That’s all he ever wants, and all he ever wanted. This is important, and once Phil is better I’ll deal with whatever threats Obie escalates to when his bribes don’t work.” Tony looked over at Steve. “Where do you want me for this?”
It was indeed a moose, a youngish male one. And while the three new dragons stared at it in consternation Phil and Steve skinned it and ripped it apart into six big chunks. Tony gnawed on his leg for a moment, then tried the grab and rip maneuver he’d seen Steve perform hundreds of times. He made a startling amount of mess consuming his former body weight in meat, then tried to groom himself with his oddly barbed tongue in another maneuver he’d seen Steve perform hundreds of times. It worked surprisingly well to get the blood off of his feathers. Tony blinked and shook his head, annoyed at himself for being surprised. Steve was clean, and smelled pleasant most of the time. Why was he surprised that Steve’s cleaning methods worked well? Once clean Tony moved over to Steve and tucked himself back into his customary position under one of the bigger dragon’s wings. After a moment he realized he was making Steve’s soft rather purr like sound of contentment and hiccuped himself to a stop. It was rather startling how instinctive some of these dragon noises seemed to be. The other four dragons all looked at him with some variation of amusement and he fluffed a bit in embarrassment. If he’d still had visible skin he would definitely have been blushing. Tony tried to focus on how correctly he had been translating Steve's emotional cues, rather than how transparently he himself was behaving.
“Only some of those words Rhyme.”
“You won’t recognize any of them, and I could just be paranoid.”
“Absolutely.”
“Yeah. If you have time, you could stick around. I’d love to take you out for dinner some night, maybe hang an engraving on the Tree of Hearts.”
“Aww, Stevie, you gonna beat up Jason Bourne for me?” Clint laughed, clearly cheered a bit by this.
“Got it.” Pietro responded before zipping off to fill his sister in. Clint and Steve waited a few moments until they heard the quiet sounds of their van starting up and rolling out of the parking lot. Then they moved in, slipping silently through the gym to the central of the three doors to the lobby, the one that left them directly across from Alexi, and only a few feet from Tony.
“Yeah. We don’t know what he did with most of your clothes, and you were kinda blue, even after we put the glowing thing back in your chest. I thought you were probably cold, and you might not want everyone out there to see your very fancy pacemaker.” Steve replied
“And, you, uh, just want me to pick what I like from the folder and you’ll take care of everything?” Tony asked.
“I can get them shipped here, once I know what I need. Joey’s already agreed to let me use one of his bays. All you have to do is get it back to the shop.”
“If it has an engine I can fix it.”
”the kidnapper guy surrendered to them. He had his hands up and everything. They must be that S.H.I.E.L.D. outfit Natalie was talking about calling in.”
“Yeah?”
Steve was perched on a stool next to the kitchen counter, one foot on the floor and one wrapped around the supports, diligently scribbling away at his attempt to artistically reproduce the fruit arrangement sitting in front of him. He’d just growled Clint away from his oranges for the third time, and he was very aware of how limited a time he would be able to work with the unaltered arrangement in front of him.
as she put it.”
“No, they don’t.”
“...What does that have to do with anything?” He watches him warily.
it,” he mutters, but finds himself pressing closer to Steve anyway. “Last chance, soldier. You sure about this?”
the heat bleeding through the armor. He cries out, trying to shrink back-- but the vines simply squeeze tighter around him. Arna meets his eyes once more, a serene smile on her face as she leans forward.
It’s hard to tell, initially-- the flowers he’s coughing up now are spindly, awful things, ones that catch in his throat and tear at his cheeks. They taste like copper and rot, and it takes too long for Tony to realize they’re coated in his own blood.
“I can’t do that to him,” Tony replies numbly, “you know how he is, Strange-- the guilt would
He considers lying for a moment, telling Steve
“There is
He should have spent more time with her, he thinks. For all of their banter, he regrets not saying more. But he will make due with the time he has left.
“Don’t interrupt, Stark, I’m trying to tell you something important,” he scowls, but there’s something softer underneath; the realization that Tony is finally starting to believe him. “I’m just a soldier, Tony. It’s hard not to feel inadequate next to you-- but
of him.
“I understand that I am limited in my emotional capabilities, due to the... nature, of my existence. However, I would like to express that it has been a pleasure working with you all of these years, Sir. I know that you have prepared me for this loss, but I am doubtful that I will not miss you in some capacity.”
Tony chokes out, his voice far weaker than he intends. He wants to be angry, absolute. All he has left is
It’s the gentlest kiss anyone has ever given him, just the soft press of Steve’s mouth against his, but he can feel the warmth of it down to his very toes. He wants to press in and deepen the kiss, wants to tangle his fingers in his hair and
for a solution that won’t be found. He wants to tell all of them that it’s best just to accept what’s coming, and that they should make the most of the time they have left.
“You have a hell of a number of contusions, dislocated shoulder that’s already been reset, no broken or fractured bones, thankfully,” Steve speaks before Bruce can, absentmindedly erasing something on his sketchpad. “He needs to check you for a concussion, now that you’re awake. He said that your heart rate is good, but he wants to check your lungs and the arc reactor. Your respiratory rate is higher than it usually is, but we’ve seen that before after you’ve taken hits like this.”
“Shit, I don’t know. I was a bit busy getting
“If you just
Natasha is
Steve cuts him off so sharply Tony doesn’t even have time to react, “I do. That’s why I wanted you to tell me.” He gives him a weak smile. “Because I’m in love with you, Tony. I have been for so,
Of course he wasn’t going to wait around. Tony shouldn’t have expected any less. “I told him Strange would figure it out. Why did he go to the old man?”
The first thing he hears is the quiet beep of a heart monitor, keeping in time with his pulse. It’s offset by the steady drip of the IV in his arm. He’s been in the medbay enough times to know the feeling of the slightly scratchy blanket resting over him.
“You’re lucky I’m the one who came to check on you, then.” Natasha pats DUM-E’s arm reassuringly. He seems to appreciate the gesture, if his happy chirps are anything to go by. “Steve’s been pacing so much today I think he may have actually worn a groove in the floor.”
It’s a small interlude between visits when Jarvis speaks up, though it’s not to offer guidance for his projects, or announce a new arrival.
“We should have called in Strange,” Steve grunts as he catches the shield, slamming it into a nearby creature in the same breath. “Iron Man, Hawkeye, report.”
Tony.
Tony’s well aware of the shitty things he’s done in his life-- even more aware of karmic attempts to
Cap,” Clint’s joke is met with a resounding chorus of distaste from the others, but it doesn’t seem to deter him in the slightest.
“Red spider lilies,” Jarvis offers the analysis late one night, “They are most prominently known in Japanese culture as a representative of death. Their bulbs are known to be poisonous, though I am not certain this will affect your illness.”
“And you call
The next moment almost seems to happen in slow motion. Tony watches his words set in, the worried frown on Steve’s face turning more puzzled than anything. The click of the realization is almost
but I’ve watched every single movie adaption of it with you because it makes you
to be keeping them contained.”
be monitoring his vitals for them. Every spike in blood pressure or the slightest cough brings one of them to his door. He almost wants to be affronted at how much they’re coddling him, but he… he gets it. They’re afraid of him passing without them; they’re afraid of him dying alone.
“Agent Romanoff has left the room, Sir,” even the AI sounds subdued, hesitant to disturb him.
“I should take you to the Louvre sometime,” Tony tells him at some point during the day. “You’ve only been once, right?”
Or, at least, as close as she ever gets to it. He doesn’t know how to process this, that this fear is for him alone. Surely, she of all people can understand a story where the heroes don’t survive.
“You don’t get to judge me for this, Strange,” Tony bites back, “and you don’t get to make the decision
I could adapt, sure, but I didn’t want to. Some days, I thought it would be better if they just put me right back in the ice.” It’s clear that it hurts him to say aloud, but he presses on. “But then there was you. You’re everything the future is, but
If the witch is gone, then Tony stands no chance of knowing what it was exactly that she did to him.
“Either way I’m
What had Arna done to him, in those last few moments? The memories seem so muddled, for some reason. She’d grabbed him, wrapped her vines tight around the armor, crushing down on him--
I--” he inhales shakily, tightly squeezing Steve’s hand in his.
these
“Well, now you know,” he chokes out a miserable laugh, the movement causing ripples of pain along his sternum. He drops the petals to the floor without any regard. “Of all the shit that could’ve killed me, it’s gonna be
Not in the reckless way he once had, mind you, because Monaco was a mistake no matter how he looks at it-- and maybe he should have
how long you have left? If you weren’t clear with-- with him, or if you didn’t tell him outright…” a grimace flickers across his features, “Unless he’s in a relationship already. Oh god, is it Rhodey--?”
the future. I hated that everything was so bright and loud and
but here you are. I don’t know a damn thing about art, Steve, but I could listen to you talk about it for
“If we do, I’m sure Steve will find them,” Tony says, aiming for playful but falling painfully flat. “...He’s too stubborn to do anything else.”
to do this, he needs to make sure that his team is safe, that they have everything they need before--
let me help you.” He’s never heard Steve like this, desperation coloring his voice. But his words cut deeper than that; Tony
It’s a miracle that Tony can actually hear Natasha enter the workshop, her bare feet softly padding against the concrete. Considering her skills, she’s not heard unless she wants to be. He knows it’s more for his own benefit than anything, but he still appreciates it-- it’s a testament to the relationship they’ve built over these past few years, even if they generally refuse to acknowledge it.
the tea.”
He can hear the yells of the others distantly in his ear piece, but the blaring of the warnings on the HUD drowns them out entirely. She’s crushing him with far more force than the suit can sustain, and soon it will be enough to crush
Bruce, but they didn’t have much of a chance to object before he and Strange were gone. Thus, armchair. Tea. A growing sense of dread in the pit of his stomach.
Yes, he thinks. Yes, he was worth dying for-- but he didn’t have to be. Now, above all else, Tony knows he’s worth living for.
The mood in the tower for the next few weeks is more than sombre. The others take the news as well as he expects them to-- which is to say, all of them react very differently.
Huh. That was something to consider, then.
too.”
Steve blurts out before he can even finishing speaking. Tony snaps his mouth shut so quickly he teeth nearly rattle with it. A thousand different responses run through his head, though half are far less than kind.
Tony stares numbly at the wall as Dr. Catalina speaks, nothing more than a quiet buzz in his ears. He should start to panic, probably. There’s something they can’t identify taking up refuge in his chest, and from what words he’s managed to
Your metals are mined from the earth, and you leave nothing but devastation and decay in your wake!”
if I get you to remove it, then?” he asks.
Tony replies. Stephen stops moving and looks at him in absolute disbelief.
“You know that none of this works without you, don’t you?” Natasha speaks so quietly he’s not even sure if he’s meant to hear the words. “Not because of your tech, or your money, or your tower. We
is going to get him killed even faster.
“No,” he mutters, crushing the petals in his hand, “there’s nothing they can do.”
Tony can only remember hearing Jarvis’s voice like this once, subdued and somber as he asks, “
to him for you? I may not always enjoy your company, Stark, but that doesn’t make you any less important to this universe. Do you expect me to just allow that to happen?” It’s a backhanded compliment if he’s ever heard one, but Strange’s sarcastic tone is enough to put him on edge.
He’s sitting in one of the nearby loungers, his sketchbook in his lap. He’s cleaned up from the battle, freshly showered and dressed in his civvies once more. He wonders how long he’s been out, if they managed to
“I went to see him because I already went to everyone else, Tony,” he says, his gaze guiltily flicking down to his hands for a moment, not able to meet his gaze. “...Natasha brought some concerns to me, and I thought I should--”
in love with you. It’s not because of this, it’s because you’re…” he pauses for a moment, trying to find the proper way to explain. “You’re selfless in everything you do. You’re the most brilliant man I’ve ever met, Tony. Half the time I’m scrambling just to keep up, but you never fault me for that, or make me feel like an idiot.
“Of course I did. I love you, and I’ll say it as many times as it takes for you to believe it,” Steve replies earnestly as he wraps his arms around him, resting his forehead against his. There’s a small moment of silence as they both breathe in tandem, the relief washing over them in waves.
but that’s not the only reason why I love you.”
“Marcus is a man after my own heart, really,” Tony says. “What’s the report from the good doctor?”
Tony replies sardonically, “So what did Strange tell you, then? What was my big, bad secret, huh? What has you so
“....Falling in love with you was the easiest thing I’ve ever done, Steve.” Tony murmurs, “I don’t even know when it started. I just know that I looked at you one day and thought,
“I love you, Tony,” Steve tells him again. “...I-- don’t know if the words alone are supposed to break it, or-- how does this work?” It takes him a second to catch up and realize he means the
“Oh great, an environmentalist,” Tony mutters as Jarvis locks onto her, already trying to pinpoint a weak spot. He’s also got eyes on Steve and Natasha on the street below, the flower creatures falling to shield and electroshock batons in kind. But for every creature they take down, another crawls out from between the roots. They’ll be overwhelmed soon enough.
“You meant it,” he laughs in absolute bewilderment, “I can’t believe-- you really
“...We were
in regards to his health, but he still feels like he should be hiding
“If you hand her a pamphlet, maybe she’ll change her mind, Stark,” Steve responds sarcastically.  “Widow, watch your six--!” It’s the only warning they get before the largest vines are creaking and shaking against the concrete, moving to ensnarl the two on the ground. They move faster than expected for their size, Steve and Natasha narrowly manage to push themselves out of the way.
like-- like you could see right through me. I hated it. But more than that, I hated that I wanted to prove you
Nothing but silence greets him. He waits, and he waits. Finally, Jarvis is the first to speak.
“It’s based upon unrequited love,” Strange shrugs, “if you confess, and he returns your feelings, then the spell will dissipate on its own.”
“Banner would find that insulting and you know it,” Clint replies. “I’m in position, Captain. Stark’s all yours.”
consideration for the proper order of the universe, and he definitely doesn’t have the time to put up with whatever nonsense they will into existence.
He’s breathing heavily, pain bursting against his ribcage. “I’m not going to hurt him. Not like this.
wasn’t technically a lie, either. Strange can’t help him--
long conversation about reckless self-endangerment.”
“Not in so many words, no,” Tony mumbles, “but I already know how he--” he grimaces at the slipup, “I know how he feels about me. It doesn’t matter. There’s nothing I can do, Cap.”
“Only about five hours,” Bruce pipes in, drawing Tony’s attention away from Steve to realize that-- oh, right, Bruce is here too. Oh god, how long has he been standing there? Tony’s look of guilt must translate pretty easily to Bruce, considering the wry smile he gives him before he taps away at the nearby holoscreen, checking his vitals.
Her anger shifts as she considers him, watching him with calculating eyes. “You hide yourself away in your technology, but you are just as human as the rest of them. Your heart betrays your desire to
“Tony, you’re
“It’s a simple yes or no question.” It’s more a statement than meant for cruelty. He waits patiently.
“Truth.” Tony echoes, hollow laughter bubbling out of him, “Right. Right-- of fucking
“--ambushed, ambushed is the word I would use--”
is what inspires this destruction, Stark! We will take what we are owed!”
“What’s the call, Cap?” Tony asks.
He coughs up the flower petals once they’ve returned home, sitting in the workshop alone after Steve has gone to bed. One moment he’s fine, the next, he’s doubled over on the ground with a hand against his mouth, trying not to dry heave. His mouth tastes like perfume and wax, the flower petals sticking to the palm of his hand. He stares down at the bright yellows and blues as the nausea passes, only numbly aware that those came
Instead, he finds himself sitting in one of the armchairs of Strange’s Sanctum, his arm in a sling and a cup of tea untouched on the table before him. Stephen came as soon as they’d called, whisking Tony away with promises to return him in one piece. He doesn’t think it did much to reassure Steve
“I can’t imagine what would give you
It’s only a matter of moments before Steve appears in the doorway, an alarming number of emotions flitting across his face as he catches sight of Tony. He’s pretty sure he catches the trademarked kicked puppy look, and something that looks close to volatile anger, but there’s a good chance he’s just seeing things. He’s dying, after all. He can use that excuse.
But he knows the it will come out just as hollow as every other lie he’s told. He just shakes his head, wearily rubbing at his eyes.
he stands abruptly, nearly knocking over his coffee in the process and jarring his injured shoulder. He can’t find it in himself to care. “Either I die without Steve knowing, or I die
There’s an idle thought in the back of his head that maybe he should stop here, stop and consider the consequences of spilling his heart out for Steve to see. But something tells him he’s not lying, and if he is… well. This is Tony’s last chance to say
“Then it will spread,” he replies grimly, “it’s a parasitic plant, Tony. It will feed on you, and it will kill you, in the end.
to, I just-- I know you, Steve. If this is the only way to keep me alive, then I know you’re going to take the risk.”
It feels like the floor’s been dropped out from underneath him, his head in a daze as the words settle over him.
“Are we about to go through a whole list of all the times I almost died? You’re going to have to narrow it down, especially since there was the time I
“Nightshade represents truth, Sir.” he says at last.
“I don’t have to
“Tony?” Steve’s standing and stepping to his bedside, clearly worried. He sits beside him on the edge of the bed. “Your pulse is really starting to kick up. Are you okay?”
He swallows it down. This may be his last chance to talk to Steve, after all.
“...Tony--”
that something is there.
“I need you to be honest with me,” Steve says, leaving no room for argument, “I’m going to ask you
“Tony,” Natasha says, her voice far softer than usual, “Do you remember when you were dying of palladium poisoning?”
“I can’t put this on him, Steve,” Tony says weakly, “I know how he is. He’s got a guilt trip a mile wide, you know? He’s gonna find a way to blame himself for this, even though it’s not his fault he doesn’t… feel the same.”
“-ony, Tony, listen to the sound of my voice, stay with me, you’re safe--”
This dying thing is really starting to get old. Natasha leans back beside him, seemingly content to stay on the floor with him. Maybe she’s just giving him time to recover.
