Mycroft had actually tried to connect with him when he was home for the holidays, but his career at Balliol and entrance into the foreign service when barely twenty left them little time. Sherlock had entered Eton at ten, been kicked out at eleven, went to Winchester.They seldom saw each other.
“Relax, you’re doing fine,” Sherlock said. Then he hesitated, his eyes narrowed, and a small, horizontal furrow appeared at the top of his nose. “Um… I didn’t mean that you actually
“He’s right.” Lestrade sighed. “We need a hostage team.”
Simon stood, folded the stole, and put it back in his pocket.
She donned protective gear in the little makeshift anteroom and parted the plastic curtains screening off the bodies. Immediately she knew something wasn’t right, but it took her two heartbeats to realize what it was. The problem was this. She left five bodies in the morgue when she went to dinner. Now there were seven gurneys, each with a sheet-covered body on top.
“They understood. Of course they did. We’re all starving, John. That’s why we take drugs, in the end. We’re all starving for something we can’t have. The drugs make it a bit  more bearable, that's all.”
When she opened her door, he held out the white plastic bag to her without speaking.
He laughed bitterly. “Only in comparison to you, fossil.”
my family,” he whispered. “Oh, Molly…”
Sherlock stiffened. Pulled back. “Yes, what?”
Now complete. Thanks to those of you who have read and commented on this. :hugs:
The man ignored him and came over to the bed. He stuck out his hand to John. “I’m Greg Lestrade. Detective Inspector Lestrade. Sorry about all this. And congratulations about the partnership….,” he hesitated, tracking Sherlock’s agitated pacing. “I guess.”
“What do you want, John? Some repentance for my drug use? A mea culpa that I had the temerity to choose a somewhat less painful death than Mycroft had allowed for me? You won’t get it.” He was tired of walking on eggshells around John Watson.
“Then stay. There’s a room at the top of the stairs. It’s yours.”
“There were
“Who… who…” He was alarmed at the weak, thready sound coming out of his mouth. Dry.
Oh. That was…unexpected. She actually had to clear her throat to answer him. Damn.
“Chinese? You sweet boy!  Come in, and I’ll make us tea.”
“What
Simon jerked mid-drag and started coughing. Once he had it under control, he looked at the man across the table from him sharply.
Rosie was living with a relentlessly sober Harry and her partner Ginny in the relative safety of Hampshire. She was happy in the country, and all the schools were closed anyway. That was sorted. John had taken up Sherlock’s invitation to move back into Baker Street while he worked the A&E at Bart’s for the duration of the pandemic. He had closed his rural practice for the time being. He told himself he was needed in London. Sherlock told him he was needed in London.
Sherlock had gone very still. He opened his mouth, but nothing came out.
~~~~~
“He’s my partner. Of course I’m loyal. Are we done? You know, I think we are.”
“John…” Sherlock finally looked up. “Be careful.”
Billingsly interrupted. “Of course. You can use Jer’s computer in his cubby. He’s out doing something or other anyway. The sooner we can get this straightened out, the better.”
Standing on the stone pathway, hand still raised was… himself. It was like looking into a mirror. No. Like looking back in time. Forty years.
The cabbie said softly, “C’mon. You’d do anything at all, anything to stop being bored.”
“Why?” Why would he give himself up now? Why here?
“You tried to kill yourself, Sherlock.”
didn’t notice it.”
Sherlock smiled. He should never underestimate his brother’s ability to interfere, even from beyond the grave. He turned to look at Greg. His hair was totally white now, but it was still the same short, spikey style. He looked well, actually, for his age.
Sherlock felt something tighten in his throat. Just the smoke. He wasn’t used to it.
“Sir?”
Sherlock sighed, sat up, and finally opened his eyes. Lestrade cocked his head. Well, this was…different. Serial killers were Sherlock’s favorite thing. He should be jumping for joy, as much as Sherlock ever showed joy. He just looked subdued. Sherlock Holmes actually cared about another human being? Well, well.
“Too right,” he said. “So, who did Moriarity kill?”
“Never mind that,” said the man named Anderson. “According to someone, the murderer has the suitcase, and we found it in the flat of our favourite psychopath.”
“I’m listening.”
Molly sighed, took another sip of coffee, and stood up. Maybe whoever brought them had left the paperwork on the bodies themselves. She removed the sheets from each body, one by one, and returned the sheets to the five she recognized. She was left with two strangers.
John and Sherlock ease into their relationship. Sherlock's gratitude to Mycroft is present but severely limited. Mrs. Hudson is a smart lady. If you notice a passing reference to ACD's "The Man with the Twisted Lip" you are correct.
“You’ve got another year to serve. Why the hell… Sorry, John. Why did you give up your waiver?”
“You’re been very slow,” Sherlock said.
“I was hoping you’d give me more of a challenge,” he said and left the room. Sherlock had sat there for a long time, looking out the window, refusing to look at the wreck he had made of his gallant knights and stately bishops.
he coughed, plucking a piece of grass from his lips. “Not an orthodox defensive move, Mycroft.”
He stood and went up to the painting. Francis Bacon. Self-portrait. God, the poor bugger, he thought. He understood torment. Why did that make him feel … Feel. Why did it make him feel? For reasons he never fully understood, he spent the day looking for a cheap room instead of for drugs. He picked pockets for the first month’s rent in Montague Street instead of selling his sexual services. It felt cleaner somehow. Absurd, he thought, but true.
Sherlock slipped out of 221b on the morning of the wedding.
“It’s personal, Julie. I didn’t want to presume.”
“Maybe it will. Look, do me a favor. Since you’ve randomly chosen my life partner for me, can I ask you to do something for me?”
“But you’re not here, are you, John?” He put the cigarette he had been holding to his lips, brought the lighter up to it, and took a long drag. He set the lighter beside the pack of cigarettes on the weathered garden bench. My god, smoking was every bit as good as he remembered. Sharp on his tongue, bitter, hot.  He closed his eyes and felt the bite in his sinuses as the smoke trickled out from his nostrils. Deliciously warm against the chill of the early November air.
“We know he didn’t… We’re going to have to move fast. That phone battery won’t last forever. Drive, Lestrade.” Lestrade and Anderson hurried into the front seats and slammed their doors.
“Bugger me,” he said. Mycroft felt cold suddenly.
“I fucked Irene Adler.” Well, that was bald enough. “I don’t know whether you believed the ridiculous story Mycroft fed you about America and the witness protection program. Or did you both believe she was dead? Were you trying to spare my feelings? Really, John. No, she wasn’t dead. I sent her to her death, but once I got over my wounded vanity I thought better of it. I didn’t want that on my conscience.”
“Sod the Pilgrims,” he said and reached for one of the aprons they had borrowed from Mrs. Hudson. “Besides, you’ve mixed up the Pilgrims with the Puritans. Do your research. The Pilgrims were red-blooded Englishmen. If William Bradford were here now and got a look at you, he’d want to shag you himself.”
Anything? Was that true? Even leave John alone in that hospital room? Leave him to recover alone? Leave him to that drunk harpy of a sister? Sherlock had never been important to anyone, really. Was it possible that his life or death might matter to John Watson?
Lestrade accelerated, weaving in and out of traffic to much irate blowing of horns.
“I won’t run. But before you go, tell me the truth. Did you figure it out? All the others were so stupid, but I was hoping you’d be more of a challenge.”
“Send it.”
Thanks, as always, to Arienne de Vere and her invaluable transcripts of the BBC Sherlock episodes. I'm using some of the season 1 framework as touchstones now, and she makes it so much easier for us all.
They did.
He jerked around, dragging his sleeve over his damp eyes yet again.
Sherlock felt a blush rise to his cheeks. The last time he remembered blushing he had been sixteen. Yes, this man was intriguing.
“Did you ever wonder if you were the first? Much too gentlemanly to ask, Captain Watson. Well, I’m sorry to disillusion you, but not by a long chalk. I was, I suppose I am still, bisexual. But you were the first partner to love me, I think. I’m almost sure. Isn’t that more important? I think so. Anyway, I’ll make a long and rather sordid story short. I told you I was a lonely child. I was even lonelier at school. I was different, and most of them hated me. I went to Magdalen when I was sixteen. I was a virgin. I fell in love with a boy named Victor Trevor. I thought he loved me. Then I was no longer a virgin."
They did.
“Mycroft!” John was surprised at the profound relief he felt that Mycroft was here. He would, of course, never hint at that fact to Mycroft.
“Merciful God, I don’t
panicked him?”
Mycroft swallowed a fair measure of the whiskey. Excellent. On the light side. Smoke, peat, just a hint of salt. Glen Garioch, if he wasn’t mistaken. “You always had good taste in spirits,” he said.
He smiled at her again, then looked down at his son.
Sherlock sniffed. “I would never insult Grand-mère Vernet’s pâte sucrée with canned anything. If it’s worth doing it’s worth doing well. Also, for your information, there was no pie made with
Shaky laughter all around.
“Good?”
A tiny, bitter laugh escaped him. The vicar. He never expected to have someone he identified as his vicar. But Simon was a decent man who played the oboe and a fair game of chess. That was village life for you.
“Chinese,” said Sherlock. “I’ll… try. I’ll call.” He stood and went to the drawer where he kept the take-out menus. He went to the lounge to retrieve his phone and sat down heavily in the grey leather chair. He ordered wonton soup for himself and shrimp with Chinese vegetables for Mycroft. How long would they have to wait? What if he never got to tell John about the skull? What if John never slept in the bedroom upstairs? Even though he could hear Mycroft talking softly into his phone in the kitchen, the flat had never felt emptier.
“Shh. G’back to sleep. Don’t worry about what I know you’re worrying about. We’ll work it out. I love you, too. I’m not leaving. For anything. Ever again. Go back to sleep.”
Suddenly Sherlock’s head came around the door. “Later. By the way, welcome back to London.” Then he was gone. John closed he eyes. He was exhausted. The man was a bloody whirlwind, his shoulder felt as though someone was stabbing him, the brother was a piece of work, he didn't know if he would ever work as a surgeon again, he felt weirdly exhilarated and exhausted at the same time. Maybe it was the morphine. Maybe he needed more of it. He pressed the call button.
Sherlock set John’s RAMC mug carefully on the grass in front of the headstone. “Has a rather Egyptian vibe, doesn’t it, provisions for the afterlife? Although if I want your displeased ghost to haunt me, I should be withholding funerary goods, I suppose. So no cane, no laptop, no cozy jumpers for you, John Watson. I don’t want you to be comfortable wherever you are.”
“But if you were clever,
“I didn’t order a taxi.” The driver’s head turned. Glasses, cold light blue eyes. The killer.
“The deductions, Sherlock,” Simon reminded him.
There was a groan from the bed. John gasped and tightened his grip on Sherlock’s hand.
for once.”
“Done.” They shook hands and each went back to their respective work.
“Not too bad," John said, cradling the bloody hand. He pulled Sherlock over to the sink and started the cold water. “Hold it under that until I can get the kit. And it doesn’t defy reason. America. First Thanksgiving. They were working with what they had. You’re the one who volunteered us to make the deserts. You could have used canned pumpkin.”
Just then, Greg mobile chirped.
Mycroft put his phone aside and got back to reviewing the report on the looming scandal in the cabinet. Really, how did supposedly intelligent people think they could get away with taking bribes from the Americans in this day and age? His text alert buzzed. He reached over for his phone and looked at the message.
The next time he woke up, he heard the low, velvet voice. Quite close.
“Dull.”
“In part. I was… away… when she was born. I was gone for two years. When I came back we didn’t see each other often. He was trying to be a good husband and father. His wife didn’t approve of him risking his life playing detective with me. I could hardly blame her.”
“What?” Lestrade said from the front seat. He was already maneuvering through the access roads around the hospital.
He tried to apologize. To explain. This wasn’t working. Anger, bitterness. Perhaps it was the moustache. John’s fist crashed down on the table.
“Moriarty,” Hope finally choked out. Then he lost consciousness. His dead weight took them both to the floor.
He had escaped from an enforced stint in rehab in the wilds of Scotland and headed to his beloved city like a homing pigeon to its cage, like a pilgrim to Jerusalem, like a junkie to his supplier. The first two were poetic; the last literal. Sherlock grudgingly acknowledged that his brother’s analysis had been correct on two points. One, left to his own devices at Magdalen, Sherlock had escalated his drug use until he overdosed. Two, cutting him off from his Oxford suppliers had prevented him from relapsing. Mycroft, however, had underestimated both his dedication to self-destruction and his willingness to do anything to escape.
“I don’t wanna kill you. I’ll just talk to you. Then you’ll kill yourself. Simple as that.”
“Who did Moriarty kill, Sherlock?”
“None of the others did,” Hope replied, sounding miffed.
Molly looked exhausted, but she was with them again. She smiled at Greg. He came over and kissed her, running a hand through her sweaty hair.
He looks at me for a long moment. A very long moment. Then he smiles.
“Are you
Then he noticed that the Colonel had left a half-filled bottle of scotch and a glass out by the computer screen. A clean glass. Billingsly was a good man. John poured out two fingers of scotch and drank half of it down at one gulp.
“That is here.” Mycroft sighed. Sherlock suddenly noticed how exhausted he looked.
“It’s none of my business if you don’t want to say. But have you ever… been with anyone?”
“My boys,” Mrs. Hudson beamed. “I knew it would be fine.” Not quite true, but the less said about the sobbing in the ladies’ room just now the better. She looked around the room. “If we’re having dinner in here, we’ll need a table. And more chairs.”
“Twenty years. John made me quit for good when we… When he realized we were going to be together. What we do for love.” Sherlock’s voice sounded bitter, even to himself.
“Yeah. Guy turns into a bug. That one?” Sherlock  heard a kitchen chair scraped back. John settling into it.
“The face… the painting, I mean. Francis Bacon. Where is he… it?”
“Mummy and Daddy and I have discussed it. They won’t lend you the money either, so don’t bother calling them. It’s not just a matter of money in any case. Appearances must be preserved. Two sons from the same family…. It wouldn’t look good. Besides, we think perhaps having a partner would improve your situation. Stabilizing influence.”
“Sherlock, dear, it’s come.” Her voice was nervous, and she didn’t look at him as she set down the tray on the table beside the red chair. “It’s from the Agency. Do you want me to stay?”
“I need to tell you about Egypt, John. But I have to go back before that, so that you’ll understand why I never told you.”
“Sherlock,” she said. She realized she had never called him by his name before. She felt suddenly ashamed.
I do look up at that.
are we always having this same conversation, Sherlock? Hmmm? Why did you go without me? Why do you think you don't need me?"
Sherlock looked down at his phone and contemplated throwing it across the room. Mycroft was pretending that he hadn't already known it was a man, but Sherlock knew his brother. He would have had his spider feelers out to obtain information on the partner he ended up with. He probably knew that Sherlock had taken a Lucky Dip before he had walked out of Speedy’s. He hoped that had panicked the bloody prick. It would have served Mycroft right if he had been paired with a fifty-year old woman with Mafia connections in Sicily. But Sherlock was sure Mycroft had arranged to be informed about the occasion and identity of the partner once the match had been made. He drew back his arm to throw the phone, but thought better of it. Mycroft had bought him this phone and he couldn’t afford another at the moment. He gritted his teeth and replied.
“What story are we in, John?”
Well, that was quick. John had heard it sometimes took months to be matched. Just his luck, in the middle of a two-year combat tour. How would that even work? He blinked at the attachment line. There was a word document and a jpeg. Picture, then. He felt strangely reluctant to click on either one. Somehow, he felt that until he opened those documents it wouldn’t be real in spite of the cheerful bureaucratic nonsense staring him in the face.
Mycroft reached across the table, put three teaspoons of sugar in Sherlock’s cup, added milk, and pushed it into his hand. “Drink it.”
“Rachel,” she whispered. Sherlock smiled at her. Not as idiotic as some, then. She actually smiled back, although it looked like it hurt her a bit to do it. He typed in “Rachel.” Voila.
“They were for a
“It’s just technique and chemistry. I’ll talk you through it.”
“Oh, Sherlock, it could be anyone. How could you not even…,” she stopped suddenly and took a thoughtful nibble at a shortbread square.
the case. Do you think I’m an idiot? It wasn’t
“I don’t need your pity.” He moved toward the door. The limp that had intrigued Sherlock earlier had come back. Interesting that his leg hadn’t seemed to bother him at all during his rather vigorous… well. Psychosomatic, then.
Hope chuckled. “This is a risk. I love this part. You don’t get it yet, do you? Even you, the great Sherlock 'olmes.”
“Love you, too. Stay alive. Promise me.”
He got a cab to the Tate, lept out, and bounded up the steps. He entered the alcove and there was a blank wall in front of him. Francis was gone. His heart sank. Now of all times. Today of all days. He must have made a sound, because a guard walked up to him, concern written all over his face.
“I’ve always been sure,” John said, and kissed him.
“You would have found a red jacket if you knew it was such a turn-on? I never needed fantasies when I had the real thing. Anyway, we miscalculated. Moran found us first. Found me, to be specific. He tried to knife me in an alley near the Khanna Market, but the knife glanced off a rib. Got the lung, but not the heart. There was a doctor in the crowd. He was like you, John. Well, he was Indian, but he was very calm. Very capable. He seemed puzzled that I called him John before I passed out. I was in hospital a month. Then Irene took me back to a house she had rented. I was basically in bed for another month. Not much to do in bed, but Irene was very inventive. What can I say. I was bored. We had a lot of sex. Then we spent another month in India trying to get a handle on our next move.”
If he tried to invalidate this pairing, he would just have to register for another. John Watson was, overall, as good a match as he was likely to get. Sherlock sympathized with his desire to finish his tour and not have his work interrupted. Mycroft owed him. He would text his brother. In the meantime, he would reassure John Watson on a couple of points. He looked at the moment at the snow drifting past the window. Tea would be useful. He stood, crossed through the lounge, opened the door, and walked out onto the landing.
“The Pilgrims might not approve of all the sex.” Sherlock was actually grinning. God, John loved that smile. Loved that Sherlock was back. Loved his life. Yeah, he was bloody thankful.
“John thinks we’re in a detective story. His blog makes that clear. I’ll concede there are frequent detective episodes that we both enjoy. Those certainly take up most of our time.”
“You,” Sherlock said simply.
“Ta for the welcome. Would have been here earlier but the traffic on the upper artery was murder. I thought smart cars were supposed to fix that. We brought dinner. Molly’s talking to the vicar. Nice guy.”
“Good deduction. I had a crush on Michael Rennie when I was a kid. You always kind of reminded me of him. Then there was the fact that you never really sleep. You hardly eat. And I saw your eyes do that thing a couple of times. Thought I was imagining it the first time.”
“I’ll leave the tea, then. Come down if you want to talk.”
John covered Sherlock’s mouth with two fingers.  “Shh. Doesn’t matter. You just had to ask, you
He  followed the cabbie into one of the buildings, and up a flight of dark stairs. Hope opened a door and stood aside, gesturing for him to go in. It was a large room. Long wooden benches, whiteboards, plastic chairs. Classroom.
“Rehab, John. I wasn’t sectioned.” John stood in the doorway of 221B, liminal, hestitant. When Sherlock heard his unmistakable steps on the stairs leading to the flat, his heart had lifted. His traitorous heart. Now it sank again. He shrank back a little into his chair and closed the book he was reading.  John lingered on the threshold as if he no longer belonged here, and his words cut like knives.
It was true, of course. London was the epicenter of the pandemic. He was a doctor with emergency experience. All hands on deck. It was his duty. True. It was also true that he wanted to be back in London. Back in Baker Street. It took him a lot of time to admit he missed Sherlock. If not for Covid-19, he might still be denying it. The truth was, he missed London, missed the excitement, missed Mrs. Hudson, missed Molly and Lestrade. Most of all, he had missed Sherlock.
The two men turned, looked out over the grey waves below them, and smoked silently.
He took another cigarette out of the pack and lit it. God, he had missed this. There was nothing quite like the activation of the cholinergic neurons. He felt focused, energetic. He got up from the bench and went to stand next to the headstone. He brushed away two golden leaves that had caught on the top. He drew smoke into his mouth, held it a moment, then blew a perfect smoke ring out over the green grass covering John.
in the microwave,” the woman said. “They looked like human eyes.”
is deadly to humans, even in minute quantities. He wondered how she had smuggled it into the country and how she had ensured it was Kyle who received the sting. She refused to say and told him to go to hell into the bargain as they took her away.
John sighed and went toward the loo to fetch antiseptic and bandages. He was beginning to regret their agreement with Mrs. Hudson after last year’s American Thanksgiving feast that this would be an annual event. But he had just been so damned grateful at the time. Sherlock back from the dead. He would have agreed to anything.
“Well, ta for bringing it. It’s brilliant. That was nice of you.” Sherlock shrugged.
Anthea came through the door, talking and jabbing at her cellphone. “The dinner from Zabar’s will be here at 2:00. The ambassador said to tell you that he got Chambers Street Wines to open for him and made the selection himself.”
“It’s fine if you don’t even want to talk about it. It’s all fine,” John said. “You’re sure you don’t want anything to eat? So what happened with the killer, then? Was he there? Did you catch him?”
Pink. Beeps. Suitcase? The beeps were regular and high pitched. Irritating. Below the beeps was something low, soothing, continuous. Dark and soft, like floating in a pool of water and looking up at the stars at the same time. John could rest there forever, except for the beeps. It wasn’t water. He was resting on a voice. It had said something about rings and pink and suitcases and revenge, which didn’t sound soothing, but the sound itself was like a warm bath after a long day. He remembered coming in from playing in the snow with Harry when he had been little. The house had been warm, and there had been hot chocolate. Before everything went to hell. The voice was like that. He prepared to sink back down into it, but the beeping increased in frequency. Then there was light. No, no, no. He wanted to float in the darkness. Something told him there was pain on the other side of that darkness, and he’d just as soon not…
“Then why did you go with him, you fucking
“I need to eat,” Mycroft said. Sherlock realized from his tone that Mycroft was steeling himself for the usual barbs about his weight.
When he finally got back to base, he reported to the Colonel. Ten dead, fourteen saved at the site, six stablilized and airlifted to Bath Hospital. Outcome unknown. Commendations to the team. He finally made it to his tent, exhausted and depressed, already second-guessing some of the calls he made. If he had only gotten to that young Lieutenant earlier. But he thought he had more time with that one. Misjudgment, as it turned out. His family would never know that the young man with the straw-blond hair had bled out into his intestinal cavity because Captain John Watson had put him one space too far down in the line for surgery.
“You’re killing me.” He could barely force the words out.
Sherlock handed the pack over, along with the lighter.
“Port and prunes with sausage,” Sherlock replied, nose wrinkling. “Boring. He would have had his cook do the turkey, anyway, and then claimed he had done it himself. Mycroft has no shame, and he is an accomplished liar. Thanksgiving is all about family and friends, is it not? The turkey needed the personal touch. Which brings us to reason number two.”
“Yes, you can have me.”
John pressed send. “So who did I just text?”
There is a Mystery. A mystery to John, not to me, since I know the secret. Perhaps a better way to put it is that I am the secret. Anyway, what was worrying me was the thing about overcoming. That’s always the general idea, of course. Hero overcomes monster, saves the world. Theseus stabs the Minotaur. Or strangles it. There is some conflict in the original sources. Beowulf puts paid to Grendel. Dismemberment figures in that one. John made me watch
Sherlock hesitated, hand tight around the phone. He loathed it when Mycroft was right about anything, but he admitted to himself that it appeared he had been lucky in this partnering.
Soon, trailed by two special unit SUVs, they were headed  onto the A41.
“Was?”
“Are you sure?” His voice was rough, fierce. He couldn’t help it. He couldn’t bear it now if John wasn’t sure.
“Not your housekeeper,” she shouted back.
doing here?” Sherlock jerked his head toward the man and woman standing by the door.
“You were concerned about me as a person, Sherlock, whether you wanted to say so or not. I know you pretend that you don’t care about people, but you do. And you’re as beautiful as a painting in a museum, so…”
“Pardone. I have just tonight found you. These are not good. I am a doctor, and I know.”
“Are you sure?”
“Too true. But I’m needed.” John didn’t analyze how good it felt to be able to say that.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. “Not good?” His voice was soft. Uncertain. The words fell, broken, into the sudden silence.
The young man handed him his paper cup of English Breakfast. Sherlock handed him the card and his electronic I.D.
John had given his sister a copy of his electronic ID so that she could exercise power of attorney for him in England. And in case of his death. He hadn’t been back to England in years.
He was not his transport. He was his mind. To the extent necessary to serve his mind, he grudgingly intervened to manage the transport. He begrudged any time and attention given to his body, but it required regulation. Some experiments had been more successful than others. Drugs had proved to be the most effective intervention to achieve the crystal clarity of thought he craved, to regulate the highs and lows, to slow his racing thoughts, to ease the crushing boredom of life. Unfortunately… cruelly… his assumption that he could control his use had proved unfounded. His protestations to his brother that he wasn’t an addict ended after the second overdose. He had been clean since then, but he still missed the drugs.
where we are.
“This is the craziest thing I’ve ever done,” said John.
“I liked that one,” I say. Of course I did. They were monsters, but I admired their style.
Wild hope clawed its way from somewhere around the region of Sherlock’s sternum, round about where Mary shot him. It was struggling to make its way out of his mouth. There.
He divided the material into men and women. He had always assumed that Sherlock was as gay as he was, but when he examined that assumption he realized that it was just that. Perhaps he was asexual. They had never discussed it, and Mycroft wasn’t sure whether Sherlock’s lack of sexual history, or at least any history of which he was aware, indicated asexuality, lack of libido, or simply fear. He had certainly never expressed the slightest interest that Mycroft had been able to detect in any woman. Or man.
“Fine,” he said. “And bring me the intelligence on the Syria situation with the tea.”
John Watson hoped devoutly that he had heard wrong. Satellite phone calls were rare at the forward Army medical base in Helmand province. What sort of emergency had his sister claimed in order to get through to him?
“Oh, you heard that? I wondered if you could. I thought perhaps, if you could hear, you would be bored and grateful for a distraction. Yes, the victim had a pink suitcase. Go ahead, enter the number. Are you doing it?”
The man’s shoulders went rigid. He didn’t turn.
“Very astute, John,” Sherlock said instead. “I preferred to have control over my own end rather than facing a messy and likely quite painful death in Eastern Europe. It was a pragmatic decision. Tea?”
“You’d think I just accused you of compassion or something equally illogical. You expect too much of yourself. John would … does, I’m sure… forgive you.”
“Oh, do use your imagination, John!”
“I don’t know what story you’re in, Sherlock, but sometimes I think I’m in an episode of Monty Python.” Very amusing, Hudders. Yes, I caught the Monty Python reference. John makes me watch it periodically, and I haven't deleted all the episodes.
“Good God, that’s wonderful,” he said. “I haven’t had a cigarette in three years. Liz made me quit when she agreed to marry me. Since she’s a saint to put up with me at all, it was the least I could do. You?”
“Bad timing?”
Sherlock becomes more reconciled to his situation. John asks for an extension. Mycroft gloats.
I do. In our species the action of the membrane is voluntary and is often used when outside if a sulfuric storm comes up.
“Sherlock,” she said again. “If I deduce why you didn’t take that pill, would you admit it if I’m right?” She emphasized the word “deduce.” She hadn’t gone totally soft, and he was still a tosser.
Earlier. Much earlier. Sherlock lowered the bow. He was uneasy because John had been gone too long. Likely nothing. A walk in the park. A stop at a café. Since the pool, he suddenly realized, he was subconsciously tracking John’s movements. He was… concerned. He reviewed the last two weeks. John in Baker Street. John not in Baker Street. Oh. When John was here, Sherlock noted an increase in dopamine levels. He had gotten used to monitoring his brain chemistry. He recognized dopamine’s effects. When John wasn’t in Baker Street, he felt a distinct lack of… something. Interesting.
Donovan pushed Anderson aside, reached into a briefcase between Sherlock’s legs, and held out her IPad to him.
“I would have told you when it was safe, John. I swear. But it never came to that. Moriarty killed them both.”
," Mycroft countered. "You’re speaking as a mathematician and a sociologist, not as an older brother.” Sir Julian had gotten a double first at Oxford. That, along with several well-respected books and some family connections, had made him head of the Agency.
The unspoken implication was that blueys marked confidential were rarely good news. Ordinarily, they came into the HQ computer center, were printed out, and got left on your bunk. His heart sank. Had something happened to Harry?
Sherlock took one of his own. Simon passed the lighter to him. Eleven and twelve. Sherlock couldn’t help but count them down.
“How are the twins?”
“What changed your mind?” Sherlock was curious in spite of himself. “Bad example to the flock?”
The young man smiled. “Si. Yes. You are ok? Let me help.”
“Oh, I
“Does Harry…does my sister know I’m here?”
“Harry, are you there? Harry?” Nothing except static for several seconds.
“A piece of pumpkin pie at least? Julio makes the best…”
“Turn around, Anderson,” Lestrade said. He did.
“Nice, quiet place for a murder, I’m afraid,” Sally replied, focused on the moving red dot. “York Bridge. Oh, god. Faster. I think I may know where they’re going.”
“Ah,” said John, moving toward the coffee and pouring himself a cup. “That argument about who was the best cook and what your sainted French Grandmother Vernet said about the competing Christmas geese in 1994. I remember now.”
“And you didn’t
“Am I right?”
Sherlock opened his eyes. Closed them again. The light was painful.
~~~~~
Francis was his icon, his pieta, his saint, his holy relic, his mirror, his double, his father confessor. Utter nonsense, of course, Sherlock thought. Yet he went.
Lestrade didn’t know quite what to say. “I’m sorry about John, Sherlock. Mrs. H told me what happened. Have you heard anything?”
“Nah. 'Cause I didn’t kill those four people. I spoke to 'em. That’s all. Then they killed themselves. You’re gonna come with me. Otherwise, I’ll never tell how I did it.
“Giovanni d’Orsini. Call me Gio. May I come in?”
“How? How?” Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off the face. His eyes. Irene’s jaw. His curls, but cut shorter than he had ever worn his hair. Irene’s forehead. His mouth.
“Anyway, when I was a child I thought he was the sun and moon and stars. Ridiculous. He came home from Eton after the Summer Half. They said they had no more to teach him, and he was kicking his heels at home until he could start at Balliol at the Michaelmas term. I thought I had my brother back, at least for a little while. We could play chess, we could explore, he could read to me the way he sometimes did. We used to lie in the grass in the garden. He’d sit up against a tree and let me put my head in his lap.”
Sherlock took out the pack of cigarettes, lit another. Number fourteen.
“I loved John, Simon. And I knew it by then. He disliked Irene intensely. It seemed… no, it seems… disloyal. And I lied to him by omission. I knew he wouldn’t like it, so I never told him.”
“My god,” said the woman, "we can track...."
“I’ll have tea,” he said. “And make an appointment for me with Sir Julian Wynter-Hyde.”
“You’ll appreciate this. None of the others did, but you will. You’re brilliant. A proper genius. That website of yours is something.”
“Come on,” said Sherlock. “Luggage tag. Email address I’ll wager. She didn’t have a laptop. She did business on her phone. It’s a smartphone. E-mail enabled. GPS.”
“Sherlock. I've suspected. For a while.”
a skull on the mantel. I’m basically filling in for your skull?”
They all turned to look at John. The three intruders looked as if a small, harmless dog had suddenly bared its teeth at them and started foaming at the mouth. Sherlock stopped pacing and sat back down in the bedside chair. “I’m a high-functioning sociopath, John. Anderson never does his research,” he said in a low voice, looking only at John. John shook his head. They’d have to have that conversation in private. This man was no sociopath.
Sherlock took a breath, trying to keep his temper well under control. He unfolded himself from his chair, and pressed himself into John’s personal space. “I wasn’t on suicide watch, as you should well know.”
He drained half his beer in one go and sat smoking for long moments. Then he abruptly got up, moved closer to the headstone, and sat cross-legged on the grass. He reached out and gently touched the stone.
He heard her coming up behind him. Felt small hands light on his shoulders. They squeezed.
“I am
The door opens.
“The murderer, I think. Her phone wasn’t in the case. He had to get rid of her case.”
“So if there was no pie, why are you making pies?”
“I need you on this. Will you come? You know Mycroft will call you if anything changes.”
“That’s brilliant.”
“For how long?” he asked, his voice even. Almost pitying.
“I’m not a child, Mycroft. I don’t need a partner, a nanny, a caretaker, or an interfering older brother. You
Silence.
e-Blueys are, as far as I can tell, hybrid mail used by the British Army. Letters are sent by internet to theatres of war, downloaded, and (often) printed on blue, sealable paper, and delivered to recipients. They are encoded, thus the posited confidential handling of the one in the story. Pictures can be included. :)
“John dear,” Mrs. Hudson whispered, holding his head down close to hers. “Your bedroom is right above me,” she pointed, “and Sherlock sounded quite happy to me.
“S..Sod the turkey,” breathed Sherlock, pupils dilating.
The paramedics nodded compliantly, as had so many world leaders before them.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
,” Sherlock said. “John, they were for a case.” Well, John thought, fair enough. Sherlock had said something about body parts in one of his emails.
She climbed into the back seat of their car. The IPad was still locked on the signal, and it was moving away from Baker Street. They’d been lured here for some reason. Her heart sank. Sherlock had been lured here, and now he had gone with the killer. For a genius, the man was an idiot. Certifiable. She’d been right about him all along. He didn’t care about anything except the hunt, and he didn’t care who suffered for his actions.
There had been some embarrassing propositions at uni. Men and women who didn’t know him but seemed to fancy him on sight. That had repelled him. One late night Seb had invited him to his room for a glass of wine. He had gone. He was tired and lonely that night. But when Seb roughly pulled him close and kissed him, he jerked back involuntarily. He hated the feeling of hands groping him, of Seb’s hot, wet mouth on him. Seb was like all the others, and they all hated him.
Sherlock was now compliant. He even did the rigorous cleaning of the flat that John insisted on and which Mrs. Hudson now could not do. In addition to being compliant, Sherlock was increasingly surly, bored, and generally monosyllabic. John prayed that he wouldn’t figure out a way to order heroin delivered. John partnered with Molly to have him sent puzzles from the morgue and research questions related to epidemiology and the pandemic. To his credit, Sherlock was actually trying to do some research. He was a graduate chemist, after all, and Molly posed several questions about alternative treatments for his consideration.
“Lucky Dip,” said Sir Julian. “Is he an idiot, does he resent you that much, or is it just that he has nerve to spare?”
“Well,” he said, “we gave in last month and asked to know the sex.”
“Please don’t joke about that, Sherlock. I thought we had declared religion off-limits as a topic between us a long time ago.”
Mycroft’s voice echoed in his mind. He had made Sherlock play out the game since he obviously needed the practice. Sherlock tipped over his shining white king. His hand hardly trembled. Mycroft stood up.
“You can take Gladstone for his walk.”
“Number five, John. A quarter of the pack already gone. Speaking of funerary goods, did I ever tell you about that smuggling case in Egypt? I recovered the most beautiful death mask. Onyx with turquoise and gold eyes. A small thing, probably for a child. Beautiful, fragile. Ironic, isn’t it, how even the most fragile artifacts can outlast us in the end.”
“Jennie with an ‘ie.’ Dot pink. At mephone dot org dot uk,” Sally read. She looked up from the tag. “We don’t have her password.”
“Did I say something wrong? I’m always saying the wrong thing.”
“Shagging?” Sherlock sounded hopeful.
“Drunk, yeah. You did a Lucky Dip, didn’t you?”
“I’m guessing there weren’t pecans in Massachusetts either?”
So he came back to Baker Street, refused to kiss Mrs. Hudson (social distancing), and plunged into long shifts at Bart’s. For the last week he had fallen into the upstairs bed to sleep, too exhausted to even dream. He and Sherlock barely saw each other except for occasional cups of tea and take-away at a careful distance from each other. True to form, Sherlock refused to shelter-in-place for as long as possible. The only thing that persuaded him was John’s blunt warning that not only was he putting Mrs. Hudson at risk if he went out but if he brought the virus back to the flat, John's usefulness as a doctor would be over for weeks.
The smile slipped from John’s face, and he sat up straighter in the bed. “He’s clean,” he said. “I’m sure you didn’t find anything in his flat that you could call recreational.”
Why had this shaken him? He and John really barely knew each other. He knew that was true, rationally. It felt different. Feelings, he’d never been good with those. John had seemed to accept Sherlock from almost the beginning. Mycroft was correct. John seemed…good. Brave, kind. He had a sense of humor. Strangely, he now seemed glad that Sherlock was his partner even though he hadn't wanted a partner in the first place. He considered Sherlock a friend. Why did it terrify him to think of losing something he had barely touched and didn’t quite understand?
He felt a hand on his forehead. Then the soft brush of familiar lips pressed onto the back of one hand.
John felt a small, reluctant smile lift a corner of his mouth. Well, truth was he hadn’t done too well with his own picks in the romance department. He might not manage to come back from Afghanistan anyway, so maybe it was all moot. He liked danger, and he intended to stay in the Army and in war zones as long as he could. It made him feel alive. He was an adrenaline junkie, he admitted to himself. He had no intention of settling down in the suburbs in… well, wherever his match-up might live. Could be anywhere from Helsinki to Brussels. Bloody Harry… well. He would cross that bridge if and when he came to it.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. I know you don’t want interference, but I knew where he was, and I knew how badly things could go there. I wanted to be ready to do anything I could, but I knew how you’d resent it.”
Sherlock smoked in silence for a moment, looking down at the scarred oak surface of the kitchen table. He sighed.
“I know I agreed it was time. But, technically, you still broke your promise.” He took a long drag on the cigarette. Excellent tobacco. “You should be grateful it isn’t heroin, John. I’m not too old to go back into London and find some, you know. I’m also not too old to go back to London and the serial killers.” He plucked another cigarette out of the pack, lit it from the first, dropping the fag end on the ground where it smoldered, a tiny wreath of smoke coming up from the grass. He took another long drag, pulled smoke and darkness and death into his lungs gladly.
“You’ve been keeping tabs on him,” Sherlock said.
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Sherlock jerked his hand away.
“Pay attention, Sherlock.” Mycroft reached over and picked up the black pawn that Sherlock had just taken from him. “Look at the board. Was this pawn’s position a bluff? Or a double-bluff? In five moves you’ll have a rook and pawn threatening my king. Look at the sixth rank and think for once.”
He stood up abruptly from the kitchen table where he was working on an analysis of tobacco ash, then felt dizzy. He couldn’t speak, so he shook his head.
“Yes,” he said, surprised by how weak his voice sounded and by how little resistance he felt to the idea. “Sussex?”
He needed more money. Men and women seemed to want him, and it had been his only currency. Men only after one disastrous try with a woman. His lack of arousal on that occasion had been painfully obvious. He gave and received fellatio and hand jobs to earn the money he needed for drugs. He, sometimes violently, refused pressure for anything more than that. So, yes, he had ‘been with’ many someones.
“Sherlock?”
“John.” Bill Murray was standing at the opening of the com tent. “This one sounds bad. John, are you ok?”
“Precisely. Since Mycroft chose the rehab facility, it was bound to be crammed with pretentious gits full of existential anxiety and expensive educations. My therapy group became obsessed with discussing their transformation into verminous creatures controlled by their addictions. Tedious. Putting it in Kafkaesque terms seemed to comfort them with their lack of responsibility.  I much preferred my last rehab center in the East End. A bit rough and ready, and a bit too much talk about Higher Powers, but there was a refreshing lack of pretense. I went back to that group, actually, this week. Asked them to take me back. They said yes.”
“You broke into my flat? You can’t do that.” Sherlock started pacing around the room.
“I’m perfectly serious. I may not believe in God, but being shriven before death has a long and honorable tradition. I hear it has psychological benefits.”
“You quit years ago.”
John laughed. It was a bitter sound. He ran a hand through his greying hair.
“Not hungry.”
“No. It was not
“Yeah?”
Sherlock nodded. “He didn’t kill me, either. It was a brilliant scheme, he did talk them into killing themselves.” Sherlock stood and dusted himself off. Really, they should be more careful about the floor. He was going to have to get the Belstaff cleaned.
“Who? What? No, not you… hang on.” Lestrade was still on the phone with the hostage team, but he looked up at that. “Who’s gone?”
“That’s not what I meant. I meant… us.”
“That’s because you’re all idiots.”
“Don’t know what you see in me, really, with you so brilliant and all.” John grinned.
“I thought about it often enough myself after Laura died.”
John looked at him skeptically. “And what did you tell them at group in the East End, then?”
“Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs. Shakespeare, John. Shakespeare is better than religion, I always thought. What? Yes, I know you never cared for Shakespeare. Oh, you want the smoking story. You were always so literal-minded. Very well. Where were we? Oh, yes, the first overdose.”
“Someone I know at St. Bart’s. You’ll like her, I think. She’s a pathologist. She does me favors from time to time.”
Things had been blessedly quiet at the base for a day or two, and John caught up on his laundry and the running poker game in the mess tent. He lost, but the stakes were low. When he returned to his tent after dinner, a bluey lay on his neatly-made bunk. He smiled. He assumed it was from his new partner, and he found himself looking forward to seeing what the man had to say. He took out the bottle of Jameson’s he kept in his locker and poured a small amount into a paper cup. He actually preferred Irish whiskey to scotch. He sat down, took a sip, and opened the sealed tri-fold.
Mycroft smiled. It was quite touching that Sherlock didn't suspect the extent of his interference. His brother was suspicious, but not suspicious enough. He didn't even suspect that his partner wasn't random good luck. Amazing good luck. But perhaps that wasn't so surprising. Sherlock had always seemed to think the universe owed him. Mycroft would never deign to use emoticons, but he was momentarily tempted to just text a smiley. He refrained.
Her hand came across the table to cover one of his. “Everyone doesn’t hate you. You’re just a bit difficult, is all. You don’t take the trouble to try to make people like you.”
The face was striking, but something in John’s medical training made him look at it even more closely. He took a sip of the whiskey. Much too thin. Eyes slightly red-rimmed. Mouth a full, lovely bow, but so pale that his lips barely stood out from the white skin surrounding them. Too white. John narrowed his eyes. This man wasn’t well. Drugs? Anorexia? Anaemia? Something else? Well, this was going to be interesting. He clicked the word attachment, and it opened, covering the face.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. What the hell? He strode over to the package and ripped the brown paper from the front of it. The face looked out at him.
“She sent you a letter.” He reached into his jacket and pulled out an envelope. Sherlock took it. Heavy, cream stationary. Wax seal. Crest. Interesting.
“Yes, John, of course they were horrible. Benson & Hedges Gold, as I remember. I think that’s as much sophistication as the shops in the village ran to at the time. I had followed Mycroft into the village one day and saw him smoking with Frank Miller, the boy who waited tables at the Swan. So I knew generally how it was done. I puffed on the first one. It tasted absolutely vile, but I perservered. Why? Why does anyone smoke, John? I needed something. I was alone, I was misunderstood, I was uneasy in my own skin, I was a strange child with no friends and a complicated mind. The world seemed too big and too small at the same time. After the first three or four, I managed to inhale. After number six I threw up. Undignified in the extreme, especially since that’s when Mummy came upon the scene.”
“Not on the midline,” she said. “That’s definitely better. Single-lobe injury.”
may. He may be holding my landlady hostage. We can’t risk it until we have backup.”
“Get dressed, for God’s sake,” said John. “Mrs. Hudson’s been up here three times already wanting to see us together in our finery. Oh, hang on….” He pointed toward a large square package leaning up against the wall of the lounge, just inside the door. "Delivery for you. Not us, you specifically, so probably not a wedding present, yeah?”
Sherlock buried his head into John’s side and sighed. “It has to be perfect,” he mumbled. “I need to go baste it. Mycroft said…”
. John objected to Cage’s dissonances. John’s taste in music was appalling, but Sherlock tried to accommodate him. John admired his violin playing but preferred the baroque and the romantic, so Sherlock practiced Cage and Rosza when he was out. John had gone to Tesco earlier.
“If I hadn’t gone with him, we might never have caught him. He might have killed other people.”
How much of an idiot was she? Let’s see. “We do. You know it, Donovan.
“He knew I’d kill myself. He sent you to stop me.”
“Of course,” said Mycroft. “I can’t tell you how grateful….” Sir Julian waved him silent.
“Likely not. But it is part of the tradition in the American South.”
“But you know what we all say. To each other. Not to the families of course, but to each other.”
“Clothes recently laundered, but they’re two, no… three years old. Not planning for the future. You’re dying. Oh….” Oh, this was delightful, it really was. “Your sponsor. He’s paying you by the kill. You get money to leave your children, he gets my attention. Charming.”
“Dr. Watson is awake. We need some assistance,” the voice said. It was a man’s voice, lighter and more highly pitched than the other voice, precise and commanding. He somehow had no doubt that assistance would be forthcoming, and he relaxed.  He struggled to open his eyes, blinking against the fluorescent glare.
John stared at him. To be fair, there was a lot that he didn’t know about his partner. He was brilliant, but he had said himself that he was a sociopath.
“Nope,” he says. “But it does explain Mycroft, doesn’t it?”
“Of course, sir. Assam today?”
“Franz Kafka,” said Sherlock, getting down two mugs from a shelf. “Austro-Hungarian Jewish writer.  Surely even your appalling education touched on Kafka.” He flung two teabags into the mugs.
“You and Mycroft were right about one thing. She did fascinate me. She was like my mirror image. A sort of Jungian reversal if you will, my repressions made manifest. To make the beginning of a long story short, the woman tempted me, and I did…. Well, a lot of things. She was quite skilled at her trade, and I think I surprised her. I’m sure you don’t want to hear the details. What do you need to know? I was a willing participant. It broke something open inside me. I wanted. Again. Sensation. Release. Connection.”
John Watson.  Eight years older than his brother. Not handsome. A bit weather-beaten. Not fair, Mycroft thought. The man had been serving Queen and Country in the desert regions. Quite heroically. Why had he given up his exemption…? He looked career military, and many of them chose not to partner because the residency requirement could be difficult to manage. Mycroft looked at the Ormula clock on the mantel. Two o’clock.
“I’ll start toasting and cutting up the brioche and soaking the dried apricots for the stuffing while you’re out.”
“I tried at school. I always seemed to say the wrong thing. I never understood what people expected.”
Strong arms went around him, helped him to stand.
During the ride across London, Hope said that he had a sponsor. That sponsor was a fan of Sherlock’s. He was intrigued and chilled in equal measure. Someone who sponsored serial killings and tracked the detective’s career. Hardly anyone read his blog, the Science of Deduction. The Met kept his involvement quite low-key. Why was this “sponsor” interested in Sherlock? Even if the police caught Hope, there was no guarantee he would expose this mysterious person. Sherlock needed more data.
Picture first. Why not. He clicked.
Considering everything, Thanksgiving turned out fine that year. Zabar’s put on a nice spread. The American ambassador to Britain, home in New York for the holidays, turned out to have what even Mycroft admitted was adequate taste in wine. For an American. Mrs. Hudson thought her pumpkin pie was better than Zabar’s, which was perfectly true. Sherlock wasn’t fully conscious until the next day, so he missed most of it. He didn’t mind, since John insisted on saving him a slice of pie, and Mrs. Hudson had brought his favorite chocolate biscuits from home.
“Are you alright?” Lestrade’s voice was divided between fear and anger.
. That was last Friday, and he didn't have a date. I shouldn’t have kept him company by drinking the Macallan that Lestrade gave us for Christmas, but he had brought home Indian, and his face was red from the cold, and he smiled as he poured two glasses.
John cleared his throat and looked at the man hovering in the corner.
“Is this a confession?” His eyes flicked back down the street. They still weren’t looking his way. But he had him now. Even if he tried to drive away, he had him. Description, cab number. It was over.
“Johnny, I’m so sorry.”
He had never been able to tell John about it, although John had guessed some of it. He had never wanted John to look at him with pity or condemnation. Now was as good a time as any.
Sherlock sank down onto the sofa without even taking off his coat. An afternoon strategizing with Mycroft had only distracted him temporarily from the emotions washing through him. Sentiment. Inconvenient. Undeniable. Moriarty was, perhaps, undead. Sherlock himself was, perhaps, temporarily reprieved from a death sentence in Eastern Europe. Yet all he could think about was standing across from John on the tarmac. The thought that he was never to see John again had nearly undone him. The thought that he would never be able to tell John he loved him. Sherlock sighed. What did it matter, though, after all? What difference would it ever have made?
“Damn my leg,” John muttered. “And damn my shoulder.” No-one had even said goodbye. The tiny candle flame flickered out.
~~~~~
“And I am hardly in the habit of inviting prostitutes to stay overnight. There’s a first time for everything.”
“Good god,” he said aloud. He picked up the glass, downed the rest of the whiskey. It burned down his throat, and he coughed. He poured out another finger. The face staring back at him from the screen was… beautiful. He hadn’t thought much about male beauty, wasn’t much inclined that way, but there was no other word for it. It was a man, a young man. He was scowling into the camera. Likely his official I.D. picture. He looked otherworldly. That was the only word that John could put to that face.  Long, dark hair curled onto his collar and almost into his eyes. The eyes. Some brilliant shade of blue-green with a tiny dot of brown in one. The tawny imperfection didn't mar the extraordinary effect of the brilliant eyes. It somehow enhanced it. The young man was pale as a ghost. His cheekbones were sharp and high, with hollows shadowed beneath.
“You want any of this veal?” He realized he was stalling “Did you eat earlier?”
“Yes,” John said. Then his lips brushed gently, gently, just at the side of Sherlock’s mouth.
“No, like the one with Morticia and Gomez.”
“Are you in pain?”
Mycroft held a small, warm towel out to Lestrade. “Have you ever swaddled an infant?”
“I did,” came the voice from below. “I do. It was nice of you to bring it. Doesn’t mean I’m at your beck and call.”
~~~~~
“I thought I had lost you. Again. My god, Sherlock….”
“Did you just bribe an army nurse?”
“Not from me. Irrelevant anyway. You don’t need to do that anymore if you choose not to do so.” Sherlock didn’t quite believe what he was saying, but he didn’t want John to leave. He needed a roommate. He needed a colleague. He hardly ever needed sex, but he did need John. How could he convince the man that he knew him already, knew they could be friends.
“It’s not chance, and you know it. I’ve killed four people. It’s not chance, it’s chess. One move. One survivor. And here’s the move.”
“I’m back. Did you think having Simon drop by would stop me? Don't be ridiculous. He’s still back at the cottage swilling tea. Where was I? Fucking Irene in Pakistan. I told Simon. Don't they say confession is good for the soul? Assuming there is a soul? No, I didn’t say ‘fuck’ to Simon. Give me some credit for tact. You did manage to induce me to think before I spoke on some occasions. But between us let’s call a spade a spade. After Pakistan, I didn’t see her again until Eastern Europe.  Yes, that trip to Eastern Europe. I had been trying to quit again, but once I got to Belgrade I bought a pack at the airport. I smoked two packs a day from then on, when I could get them, all the while I was hunting Moriarty down for the second time. After all, I only had six months left to me according to Mycroft, so the consequences of smoking didn’t loom large in my mind."
more romantic with the candle," John said, "which is, I’m almost positive, against the rules here.”
“I’ve never had friends before. I’m probably not going to be very good at it,” he said.
“Alas, yes. Dr. Watson, you and I have that in common. Addiction in the family, I mean. As I’m sure Sherlock told you, his poison of choice is drugs. I hope you won’t take it amiss that, in light of your current circumstance, I took it upon myself to persuade your sister to return to rehab. I assured her I would keep her apprised of your situation, and I have done so. She asked that you call her when you could.” Suddenly Mycroft looked down and fiddled with the umbrella he had planted on the linoleum floor.
Almost. Sherlock thought about the lye that had eaten through the corner of the kitchen table just last week.
“She didn’t just
Lestrade was relieved. At least Sherlock had been keeping up with the news.
John looked down at his hands. They were shaking. He clasped them together. Then he slowly got up and knelt in front of Sherlock’s chair. He drew Sherlock’s head down. Slowly, softly, he ran a hand through Sherlock’s dark hair. “What is it you want that you can’t have?”
“Of course. Most serial killers are men, and he couldn’t be seen with a pink case. Took me less than an hour to find the right skip.”
“I’ve always been a selfish bastard at heart, Simon. Tess has Michael. John doesn’t need me anymore. I find the days quite… empty. The thought of declining into decrepitude without John holds little appeal.”
The system was invented in the Eurozone as a response to concerns about falling birth rates and family instability harming the lives of children. People were getting married too late, if at all, and divorcing too quickly. Sociologists pointed out that people weren’t very good at picking their own partners or being bound by ethical or religious conventions of loyalty (hence the skyrocketing divorce rates). The Eurocrats decided in their infinite wisdom that they would change up the game. Every sane, relatively able bodied adult was to enter the lottery on their twenty-fifth birthday. If they weren’t matched that year, they got a new lottery ticket until their number came up. Partners were legally bound for life, except in rare cases of fraud or abuse.
“I thought I was using my I.D. in the machine. OK? Yes, I was drunk. I’ve been drunk since Clara died, alright? It’s been six months. I’m lonely. You’re not here. So I decided to try the lottery again. But I put your I.D. in by mistake.”
“Actually, I talked about Kafka. Ironic, I know.”
“I knew you’d find her suitcase,” the grey-haired man who seemed to be in charge said. “I’m not stupid.”
“Sure,” said John. Strange time to be thinking about cake, especially since they had already had pumpkin pie and sticky toffee pudding, but it had been a strange day altogether.
Sherlock sighed. This was getting tedious, time to end it.
Sherlock tries to be a good partner. Some things he gets right. Other things, not so much.
What would have been better would have been Sherlock not being shot. Not being in New York. Never, never having come to bloody New York. It would be better to be in Baker Street right now. Everyone would be gathered for the annual Baker Street Thanksgiving Feast. Mrs. Hudson would be fussing with the Brussel sprouts, and Molly would be taking out the turkey. He looked at his watch. Mycroft and Lestrade would be setting the table and drinking Mycroft’s always exquisite wine. He sighed. But he was here. With Sherlock. A Sherlock who was, thank God, alive. He reached over and put his hand on the pale, white hand resting on the bed.
Well, John supposed that the brother of his partner would be involved with his family. No use mincing words.
“I fear so,” I reply. I always knew this day would come. “I mean you no harm. We mean you no harm. You can keep the flat. Mycroft wants me to move in with him, anyway. He thinks it’s safer.”
“Damn you, Mycroft,” he muttered. “I thought you quit before I did. And I thought I’d die before you did. I always miss something, don’t I?” Mycroft was only seventy-four when the stroke took him. Clean, quick. Not such a bad way to go. Sherlock always imagined his own end as a bit more spectacular. Blown up by a criminal mastermind or, at least, dispatched in an imaginative way by a serial killer.
Sherlock shook his head and pressed his hands flat on the table again.
“So you had me text a serial killer from your phone.”
“You’re fussing more than enough to include me, Sherlock dear,” she had said. “You’re not carrying a 25 pound turkey down those stairs.” He had offered, of course. “Besides,” she continued, poor Molly and Greg won’t be here for the turkey either.”
The car had stopped. They were parked on Baker Street, a few doors down from 221. Parking was always difficult. Anderson and Sally had their doors open already. Sherlock grabbed Lestrade’s shoulder.
Stay, thought Sherlock. Please stay. I can cure that limp. You can cure the empty space at my side. Stay.
“It’s going to be fine,” he said, squeezing Lestrade’s shoulder, but we need to run now. Yeah?”
Sherlock sighed. He lit another cigarette. “I was just telling John that I had….” He hesitated. Simon was a priest, after all. “I had sexual relations with a woman. It was before John and I married.” He fell silent. “But I should go back farther. You wanted to know how John and I ended up together. We were flatmates."
Sherlock slowly opened the dark red pack of hand-made cigarettes. Bond’s of London stamped in gold letters on the front of the pack. He took out a cigarette and examined it. Unfiltered.  He picked out a bit of tobacco from one end, rolled it between his fingers, brought it up to his nose and inhaled. Kentucky flue-cured tobacco. He raised his eyebrows at that. Not low-tar. Only the best for his brother.
“Does this have something to do with the pink case?”
He reached into a pocket and set another bottle on the table. The room was silent, except for the small sound of the glass bottle making contact with the wooden table.  Identical bottle. One capsule.
God, I miss you.”
Past one o’clock, and he had narrowed it down to two. Victor Trevor. University of London lecturer. Handsome. Quite beautiful, really, in a pale, fine-boned way. Twenty-eight. Not Mycroft’s cup of tea, but that was another story. Biologist, so they’d have things in common. Subscriber to the London Symphony. Gregarious. Lots of friends. Why, again, had he chosen not to choose? Really, if he tried to second guess everyone, he would be here all night. On paper, a good match for Sherlock, if anyone was.
He clicked back onto the picture and lifted his glass in a silent toast. He could imagine Rent Boy’s chagrin when he had gotten John Watson’s picture. Probably not at all what he had in mind, if anything had been in his mind besides his latest fix. Well, he had six months before he had to live with Pretty Posh. One never knew in combat zones. Maybe they’d never meet.
“Where are you going, love?” John asked. “We’ve got to be at St. Margaret’s at 1:00.”
The guard at the rehab facility had been painfully easy to seduce and make complicit in his schemes. Anything for a blow job. Repeated blow jobs, actually. Transport, Sherlock repeated to himself while on his knees. It’s just transport. Soon enough he was free. Now he was in London, intending to finish the job he started at Magdalen. He just needed to get enough money for sufficient cocaine and morphine to finish it. He looked at the face of the man in the painting again. That was the face of a junkie in withdrawal, the face of hunger and despair. His own face unless he ended it soon. Tomorrow.
“I don’t know. Was I?”
“Sure,” the man said. “You can go get those coppers back there. Right now. I won’t even run. They can take me down.”
“This way Hudders gets to participate in most of the meal. She can’t cook this year, but she can at least supervise.”
As it was, Mrs. H was still mostly bed-bound. Sherlock came up with a plan. He and John would do the cooking in both flats, since his plan called for two ovens. They would have starters in her flat, then the main feast in 221b. Mrs. Hudson insisted that she and Gladys, her day nurse, would be fine if they brought down plates for them.
“Hardly. Since we’re family now, I’m sure we’ll see each other soon.” Mycroft reached into the inner pocket of his impeccably-tailored suit coat and pulled out a card. He took out a darkly-gleaming fountain pen with a gold nib, crossed to the tray table beside John’s bed, and wrote something on the card. He turned it face down and left it there. “That is my private number. As hard as it may be for you to believe, I admire your loyalty, but you may find that my brother is a complicated man. You may need my help as much as I need yours. If you ever need me, for anything, I am at your service.”
Kelly stepped back, her face troubled. “Well, if you change your mind, press the call button.” She turned to fiddle unnecessarily with the sheet that covered Sherlock. Giving him time to get himself together.
*****
“Dinner and a movie? One of my favorite old movies is on tonight. We can watch it and you can tell me what rubbish the science is. It’s about aliens.”
Sherlock took a deep breath, and shoved the memory of that summer day far back down into his mind palace. He sat up straight and leaned toward the man.
“No you can’t,” Sally said. “Don’t be ridiculous.” She looked over at Sherlock. He was bent over his phone, but she caught the smile. John Watson, she thought, might just be a very lucky man.
“What the
“What if I don’t choose either? I could just walk out of here.”
There were no emergencies or newly-wounded the next day, so after John did rounds on the few soldiers still in their makeshift battalion hospital waiting discharge or transport to Bath, he asked for an appointment with Colonel Billingsly.
“Go in peace,” he said to her photograph. He felt strangely protective of her. He wouldn’t wish Sherlock on the woman. It came to him with sudden force that he wasn’t just playing God with Sherlock’s life, but with all these other lives laid out before him. But then he did that almost every day, didn't he?
They suggested the hospital, but Mycroft assessed the mood of the room perfectly. That was one of his many skills, and he was happy to use it on this occasion.
“Jesus, Sherlock.”
Mycroft had been so wrong, Sherlock thought. Love was a wonderful thing.
“What nonsense,” she said briskly. “I know you. You’re like a cat on hot bricks. Worse than usual, I mean. I’m bringing up tea and biscuits, and you’re going to tell me what the trouble is.”
Molly and Lestrade were expecting their first child. They were over the moon about it, but Molly developed some worrying symptoms in the last month. She was a bit old for a first child and was on bed rest in their new flat on Grove Road near Victoria Park. The plan was for everyone (except Mrs. Hudson and Gladys) to make their way to the Lestrade’s for deserts late in the afternoon. Lestrade insisted that he could make pumpkin pie with canned pumpkin as well as the next man, and Molly could direct him from bed in the accomplishment of her mother’s recipe for sticky toffee pudding. Since Sherlock was a bit worried about Molly, he didn’t even demur at the canned pumpkin. This was turning into a whatever-works year. Since he was in hospital last year, was only semi-conscious most of Thanksgiving day, and was only allowed a tiny slice of leftover Zabar’s pie the next day, this was progress.
“Wait,” Sherlock said. “Wait. He’s here. The killer. In the flat.”
“C’mon, Glad,” he said, “walkies!”
Sherlock sipped his own tea. John always had plebian tastes in food and drink, but this seemed appropriate to the day. He set his cup on the bench, picked up the cigarettes from beside the cup. He lit one, sat, and folded his legs under him.
“Get out,” Sherlock hissed. Mycroft didn’t.
The blow fell on February 14th. If Mycroft hadn’t washed his hands of the whole affair, he would have suspected Mycroftian interference and irony. Mrs. Hudson brought up the registered letter with a tray of tea and his favorite cinnamon biscuits.
“You seem very loyal, very quickly.” Mycroft’s face was unreadable.
Five minutes later, they came out.
, John. I could use your help in my work. I’m a consulting detective.”
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean… I know it’s late. I lost my way. I would have been here earlier but I took a wrong turn in Selham or Slinfold. Very confusing names you English have.”
“Baker Street it is,” said Lestrade, and accelerated onto the A11. Sherlock retreated into his mind, blocking out the nattering going onto between the back seat and the front seat.  He systematically went through everything he had done. Finding the case. Searching it at the flat. There was only one explanation for the phone being in Baker Street. The killer was there. At the flat. Suddenly he opened his eyes as adrenaline surged through him. The flat. Mrs. Hudson.
“You haven’t heard the whole thing yet. You won’t think it’s dull. That may be the last thought you have. Don’t even need this with you.” The cabbie put the gun back in his jacket. “You’ll follow me.” With that, he walked away.
~~~~~
John still hesitated in the doorway. Sherlock narrowed his eyes. John’s shirt had been folded, creases still apparent. Still cycling to work or something else… Bags under his eyes. Roll of the shoulder, tension or? Ah.  Interesting. Out drinking with Lestrade last night. Didn’t go home to Mary.
A little brotherly interference in the process...
Later, he sat folded around himself in his chair, wrapped in his blue robe, trying to hold the images at bay. He couldn’t. What he hadn’t been able to tell Mrs. Hudson was that he had never been with anyone he loved. Or wanted. He wasn’t even sure he could love or want anyone. Perhaps he wasn’t wired that way. He had what he supposed were the usual, biological sexual urges, but he took care of them privately and as quickly as possible. He thought of them as an inconvenience. He appreciated male beauty, but he had never been close enough to another man to know whether that would lead to sexual desire for a particular person or not. He had never gotten within a mile of friendship in his life, let alone love. Mycroft had always told him that caring was not an advantage. He had no data either way. It was, as he had told Mrs. Hudson, complicated.
“I’ll go to him. At his earliest convenience.”
“Wow.”
“I’m not an idiot.”
“We found Rachel.”
“Have you done it?”
“What
She stood looking at me. I looked back. She sighed. She does that a lot. Then she unclutched her lace and went to the kitchen to make tea. Mrs. Hudson is acerbic but merciful. After she left, I returned to my problem but not to the violin. Mrs. Hudson can be intimidating when she chooses.
“It’s after eleven o’clock,” Sally said.
“That will be all then, gentlemen,” said Mycroft. Sherlock could have kissed him. Of course, he refrained.
He gave an ambiguous grunt. She glanced at him. He was looking out the window, not at her.
Pain and light and fear. He felt around for the voice, for its dark comfort, but the only sound was beeping. He tried to sit up, but his muscles didn’t seem to be working. He tried to breathe deeply, but the pain burned through his chest with each intake of air. He groaned.
“The phone’s at Baker Street,” Sally said.
Sherlock sighed. “Anyway, the cigarette. It turned out Mycroft didn’t have time for me. He had grown up that year, in a way I didn’t understand. He was off pursuing the lads of the surrounding countryside. Drinking, wooing, hormones rampant in a way that he learned later to control. And he smoked in secret. So very sophisticated, I thought. I wanted to be like him, so I snuck into his room one afternoon, took the only pack I could find, and went out into the garden to smoke them.”
“I can’t make pies,” John said. “This is going to be a disaster.”
In spite of himself, Sherlock smiled back. Feeling strangely shy suddenly, he dragged the duvet up and got off the bed, using it as an awkward toga.
~~~~~
“You’re really as good as he told me you were,” Hope said, looking up. “Yeah, you’re right. About all of it. Aneurysm under my skull. Any breath I take may be my last. I may be a killer, but I love my kids. I did it for the money. And, I’ll admit, it’s been fun outlivin’ those people. Quite the game it’s been.”
“So what was the looney bin like?”
“Sherlock." His voice is soft. “Look at me.”
Sherlock smiled slightly. John smiled back. He turned and strode across the lounge. The door slammed.
That was a fair question, Sally thought. She took a deep breath.
“Romance? Like that incredibly stupid movie you made me watch about all the weddings and funerals? Tedious.”
Sherlock ground the last of his cigarette out in Simon’s saucer.
“It’s ok, Harry. Who knows, maybe the Lucky Dip will be lucky for me. Match me up with a gorgeous blond with great tits who’s hotter than hell. What do you think?”
Mycroft sighed. Lestrade had decreed two-on-two American football in the park as a new addition to their Thanksgiving tradition as an after-dessert activity. He looked down at his calf leather Grenson Albert wing-tips, already smirched with dirt and leaf mold. In for a penny. He entered his Mind Palace to check the proper stance from the Army Navy game he had attended once with the American Ambassador many years ago near Baltimore. He cocked his arm back and let fly. Somewhat to his surprise, the ball spiraled through the air, straight and true.
“Remind me again why we’re doing the turkey?” John looked dubiously at the huge, pale, dead bird gracing the kitchen table. “Will that thing even fit in our oven?” He rubbed his hand through his bed-mussed hair. He had woken in the dark to the sounds of clattering and chopping. Sherlock’s side of the bed had been cold.
First contact.
“Well, you said that the victims all took the poison themselves, that he
“This one left a note of sorts. Will you come?”
John meets the brothers Holmes.
The turkey, as it turned out, was forgiving. So was Gladys, who had to peel the sweet potatoes by herself. John left Sherlock upstairs with the turkey, wildly chopping cranberries and oranges for the relish and muttering about his yeast rolls. John was supposed to be helping Gladys with the sweet potato casserole, the fresh tomato and basil soup, the brussels sprouts, and some American abomination involving canned green beans and canned mushroom soup. He took one last longing look at Sherlock, whose hair was mussed, whose wrists were rubbed red, and whose lips were… Jesus. He forced himself to turn and clatter down the stairs.
“Thanks, Kelly. I want to be here when he wakes up.” If he wakes up, John thought. No. Don’t even think it. It had been over twenty-four hours since the surgery. About thirty hours since things went to hell in New York. A friend of Lestrade’s from the NYPD, a serial killer, a chase through an alleyway, movement, shots, panic. Ambulance. Hours of surgery. Now stillness. Waiting. Watching Sherlock breathe. Drinking endless cups of tea.
“Don’t care,” Molly said. She pressed a kiss to the top of his head.
“What the.... What are you doing here?”
smoking. Idiots!”
John almost smiled. “Let me guess. Location, location, location?”
“Jhn..J…”
“We’ll have desert,” Molly said. “I made Mrs. Hudson’s chocolate and espresso biscuits. We’ll save you some.”
Mycroft smiled down at his phone. He had chosen well then. Of course he knew what the problem was. He had considered it and decided to play along and obtain the temporary respite for John Watson to finish his deployment. It was the least he could do for the poor man.
“That’s why I wanted to talk to you, sir. I don’t want to leave the service at all, and I especially don’t want to leave before this tour is up. I’m not sure what my options are. And I haven’t even talked to this man. He sent me a bluey while I was out at the crash site. Fortunately, he sounds like a sensible person. I wanted to ask if I could email him now. I know it’s difficult to get time, but….”
“You’re not old yet, Sherlock.”
After reading through John Watson’s email three times he picked up the shrimp again, put it in his mouth, and chewed thoughtfully. John Watson thought that the simple deductions he had made were amazing. That wasn’t what people usually said. Everyone except Lestrade found his deductions baffling or irritating. Usually both.  So Watson was easy-going and moderately intelligent, then.
Sherlock cocked his head and continued to look at John. “But if you were dying… If you’d been murdered: in your very last few seconds what would you say?”
“See, this is one reason I never told you. You have absolutely nothing of which to be jealous. You and I did everything either of us wanted to do sexually, as far as I know. At least I hope you told me everything you wanted. There is nothing I wouldn’t have done for you. With you. But Irene and I did, technically, become one flesh in a way you and I never could."
There was a yip from the bedroom, then the scrabbling of paws on the wooden floor. The little bulldog was almost a year old now, a present from Mycroft last Christmas. He could hear his name from anywhere in the flat. He ran into the kitchen, greeting them with his usual joyous barks and nuzzles. Sherlock’s face softened. That, he thought, had been one of Mycroft’s better ideas. John adored Gladstone, and Sherlock admitted to being rather fond of the dog himself.
“They were Mycroft’s last pack. Seemed appropriate, somehow.”
Back at Baker Street, Sherlock opened his computer, eager to tell john the details of the case. He would be pleased that he had contributed to the solution. He hesitated. Should he open with the venomous mollusk or with the skull and the clutter? He looked around. He could clean up a bit during the next few months. At least the bedroom upstairs was clean and Spartan enough for an Army officer. He wondered if John would object to the microscope and Bunsen burner on the kitchen table?
“Don’t be ridiculous. You’re hooked up to too many monitors.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. I’m not taking either one. It’s not a game. It’s just chance.” But if Hope was telling the truth, it wasn’t chance. If he had really killed four people this way, the odds were impossible. How did he do it?
The man looked at the card. “Lucky Dip? Wow, I’ve never seen anyone choose that. Living dangerously, mate.”
“You’re ok?”
“I am clean, Mycroft. I’ve been clean for over a year. I promised Lestrade. I’m working.”
“All this was in your mind palace?”
“Excellent,” said Mycroft.
“I didn’t.” There was no way to sugarcoat it. “My sister, Harry. She’s my only family left. She has problems with alcohol. She lost her partner months ago. She got drunk one night, tried for a new partnering, and put my I.D. in instead.”
are you doing here? My garden has turned into Piccadilly Circus today.” He turned back around, trying to compose himself.
“For now, just rest and heal. We’ll start some tests next week on the nerves after some of the swelling has gone down. Any other questions, doctor? Anything else you need?”
could be left alone over the winter. The birds liked the seeds and cover. He loathed working in the garden. Another argument for the gun.
“Not ideal, but not unusual. Look, I’m not usually in the business of minimizing transgressions. What am I missing?”
"Europe was still a glorious place to smoke back then. Sex and cigarettes. Two out of three wasn’t bad. I ran into Irene in Munich. Picture a dim day in March. A small table beside a café, close to a cobbled street beginning to slick with a mist slowly turning to light rain. The chair across from me was empty. I was imagining you there, but that felt pitiable, even to me. Then she sat down. In your chair. Black dress, black Sobranie, gold tip stained by mulberry lipstick. Yes, John, it does sound like cliché film noir. What can I say. I was feeling very sorry for myself. She helped me hunt Moriarty. We smoked and fucked and hunted our way across Europe into the Middle East. Then India. Then Egypt. I’ll tell you about Egypt, but I need to tell you about India first.”
“I will, John. I know what you want. I promise. This time I will go into rehab and get sober. I promise.”
“Anyway, India. We had Moriarty on the run again. Damn the man. They were like coachroaches, Moriarty and his network. I thought I’d gotten them the first time, but they scattered and multiplied. I made the mistake of starting at the bottom the last time, since I thought the head roach was dead. Irene and I realized that we had to go for the top. That meant Moriarty and Moran. We just missed them in Dubai. We tracked Moran to India.”
playing. This is
“Sherlock Holmes,” the other man replied, taking the hand in his. Suddenly he felt warm again.
Lestrade ran a hand through his bristly salt-and-pepper hair. “Yeah, it’s there. But it didn’t tell us anything.”
“Hot and sour soup is ready, and the jiaozi. The braised duck is warming in the oven. Shrimp in the pot. I haven’t had good Chinese in months. You’re sure you don’t mind me staying?”
When he looked up, his brother had gone.
I almost told him the secret the night we watched
“So how was rehab then?” John's voice was careful, chastened.
“You didn’t waste what remained by the time I intervened only because I had it frozen after it became quite clear that you would only use it to kill yourself.”
“Oh, Greg! The cake!” She perked up. “We haven’t done the cake.”
“You’re welcome.”
“Where the hell are they going?”
“Yes, John, you’re right. I was a deceitful bugger. To be fair, I never claimed to be a good person. I lied to you about the smoking for years. What? Yes, yes, I lied to you about my death, too. What else did I lie to you about?”
“At least let one of us cover you,” said a plainclotheswoman with a Glock already pulled. Lestrade nodded, and they went in.
her phone. She
Sherlock Holmes. What the hell kind of name was that? Education: Eton and Cambridge. OK then, posh name, posh education. But he hadn’t taken a degree. And his first impression had been correct. The man – boy? – was only twenty-five. No current employment listed. What did that mean? He thought about Eton and Cambridge. Trust fund? He thought about the face. The man should be at least a model, but nothing. Rent boy? He thought about the almost skeletal face and red-rimmed eyes. Drug addict? Drug addicted rent boy? Damn Harry. Really, damn her. He looked at the space for sexual preference. None listed. What the bloody hell did that mean? Maybe he had done the same thing that Harry had done – gotten high and gotten a Lucky Dip.
“Yes, I did, brother mine,” Mycroft replied. “Since I did not waste my trust fund on drugs, and since I have a well-paying career and have developed some influence, I had that choice. Unfortunately, you have made different choices.”
“Perhaps.” Another long pause. “Sally?”
He got zero expressions of sympathy from the man pacing around his hospital room. John smiled. “OK, what now?”
Molly closed the heavy morgue door behind her and leaned against it for a moment. She felt the chill of the steel through her thin blouse and white coat. The bland hospital dinner of pasta and wilted salad had done little to lift her spirits. The dining room was more than half empty. Doctors, cleaning crew, nurses, security sat spaced carefully apart, too tired to talk across the gaps.
He felt a flush spread up his face. “It’s complicated,” he said. It was… complicated. “What if this person hates me? Everyone else does. I just want my work, and I don’t want to be distracted.” He refused to meet his landlady’s kind eyes. He looked down into his half-drunk cup of tea.
“Nothing is bothering me.” He put the violin and bow down carefully on the desk.
“Let me see.”
Sherlock stirred sugar into his tea, looking down into the slow swirl. He smiled.
“Calm down, wonder boy,” Sally said. “Maybe you’re just human after all."
He felt like utter shite. Dry mouth, pain everywhere.
“Kafka? What…?”
“You didn’t want to leave Dr. Watson alone if you were wrong.”
“Anyway, I went to Berlin on a private case. Berlin was my perfect mirror, a grey, sexy, fascinating abyss of a place. Like Narcissus, I fell into the pool. I stayed. Cigarettes, cocaine, sex, music, philosophy. God help me, I even painted for a while. Grandmère Vernet was a painter, and art in the blood takes all sorts of forms. Including tendencies to addiction. Anyway, second overdose. Mycroft spirited me out of the city. Yes, excellent deduction, John. To Florida. Rehab in the sun, away from the seductions of culture. Then Mr. and Mrs. Hudson. The rest you know, more or less.”
. Where’s her case, Lestrade. Please tell me it’s in your car.”
Sherlock picked up the last cigarettes and the lighter. Gio’s hands reached out and gently took them away from him.
John smiled and squeezed his hand again. “Sussex,” he said.
John made it there before the ambulance. If it hadn’t been Molly, thought Sherlock, he would have enjoyed seeing John in full Captain Watson/Dr. Watson mode. John hissed orders, clipped and totally focused. He ordered Greg from the room. He ordered Mrs. Hudson to boil a lot of water, sterilize a sharp knife, some tongs to use as forceps, some scissors, then make tea for Greg. He ordered Sherlock to hold Molly’s hand and keep her awake. And breathing. He ordered Mycroft to find clean sheets and towels. He ordered Molly to hang on. He ordered God to intervene and prevent her blood pressure from dropping too low. No bleeding out on his watch, thank you very much. They all obeyed him. Of course.
“No cornbread? I like Mrs. Hudson’s stuffing.”
“At least this has a filter.” Sherlock held number fifteen out toward the grave. “You should approve of that, at least. In India I smoked bidi. Foul things. I suppose you’d say they’re all foul. Bidi, fag, rokok, papieros, taba. I can ask for cigarettes in every language. David Bowie said that, John. You never had sufficient appreciation for Bowie. You were too heteronormative in your tastes, in spite of everything. Strange, since you were such a passionate, non-hetero lover under the boring jumper-and-old-soldier façade.”
in  1621 in Massachusetts at all. The pumpkin was indigenous to the region, but there was as yet no wheat flour. The settlers hadn’t even got round to constructing ovens. They brought sugar with them on the Mayflower, but it was probably gone by then. Culinary historians speculate that they probably hollowed out the cursed things and filled the shells with milk, honey and spices. They could have roasted them in pits filled with hot embers. It would make a sort of custard. I considered doing that instead of pie since it is actually more historically accurate. We could have roasted the thing in the fireplace.”
Something about the man’s face. Not brilliant, but he was a doctor, so not extraordinarily stupid. Something about the set of the mouth. Mycroft hated relying on instinct. It was so plebian. He put his left hand on John Watson’s face, his right on Victor Trevor’s. His right hand, almost on its own, turned Trevor’s handsome countenance face-down on the mahogany surface.
“Do you mind if I go into the study to read it?” He looked at his friends. His son. His son. He had confessed so much. But he needed to read this alone.
Greg cast a desperate eye toward Sherlock.
The vicar came up and stood beside him. The wind off the sea ruffled his white hair.
“Don’t let it concern you,” said Sherlock. “Mycroft can be quite useful. Go and enjoy your Scotch. We’ll be here, won’t we Will?”
“She was watching telly. No-body has bothered her. Nobody went into the flat upstairs. You guys, follow us.”
," Sir Julian replied, laughing. "Old Nesbit would be astonished that we both remember that bit. He'd be even more astonished that we chose not to be underlings. Well, you’re perfectly correct in assuming I rigged my brother’s pick as well. It’s worked out quite well. So, do you think he’s picked yet? Let’s see.”
“The freak. Gone. Scarpered. Took-a-cab-up-the-street-gone.” Two Met SUV’s glided up to the kerb  just then, and people with guns and radios started getting out.
in Italian, into Sherlock’s arms and chest. You could still read bits of it, silvery against the surrounding skin.
“You thought I’d become reconciled to living without you? Not for one moment. Anyway, while you’re thinking about the appropriate method, I’ll smoke. Shall I tell you about my first cigarette? That’s something non-smokers have never understood. Freud never said the thing about a cigar sometimes being just a cigar. That’s a myth, and it’s something a smoker would never say. Someone who actually understood smoking once said that each cigarette is the recapitulation of all the identical ones smoked before and after. They are moments, John. They freeze time, they suspend it, they transcend it, they connect it.”
Sherlock was tired. Tired of judgment, tired of lies, tired of so many things. Death is a release from desires that make us their puppets. Marcus Aurelius said that, although he was sure John would not appreciate quotations from the Stoics at this moment.
She smiled. “Bria is busy with the animals and the children. Sherry is still rising in the Met, working all hours and loving it.” Bria was a vet in Shropshire with an uncounted number of children. Actually, he was sure they could be counted, he just never bothered to keep up. He and John just bought… used to buy… lashings of presents for Christmas and birthdays and distributed them randomly. The grandchildren found this endlessly amusing and didn’t mind trading.
“All right, gov?”
When Sherlock said nothing, the clerk shrugged, swiped his I.D., and punched one button on the machine. A paper receipt emerged from the machine, covered with letters and numbers. "Your funeral," the young man muttered, almost too low for Sherlock to hear, and held out the I.D. and paper.
“That’s not right,” Sherlock said, sounding puzzled. “Why would she do that?”
His throat closed. Thanksgiving. He thought about last year. Baker Street. He shook his head.
Sherlock framed John’s face with his long-fingered hands.
Blue icing-sugar script, atop the snowy white of the buttercream frosting of the cake, proclaimed, “It’s a boy! Sherlock William Hamish Lestrade.”
Sherlock's eyes fell back to his tea. He was so tired of lying.
“Ow! Molly, you can hit your husband, but leave me alone.”
Fifteen minutes and another tumbler each of scotch later, a pretty young women brought in a single sheet of paper and handed it to Sir Julian.
“Science fiction, I reckon,” he says softly.
“I’m ready now,” he said.
Molly smiled. “Of course I’m sure. You and John will be his godfathers, if that’s ok?”
“Anyway, that’s the story of my first cigarette. Cigarettes, actually. I was sent to my room, but I could still hear an almighty row when Mycroft got back to the house. Never heard the details, but Mummy hated smoking and had made him promise he’d never do it. Might have also had something to do with Frank Miller down the pub. Mycroft left the next day to go stay with friends from Eton. We hadn’t seen each other much since he left for school, anyway.”
She got out of the car and went over to Lestrade and stuck out the IPad. “He’s gone with the killer. We need to check on the landlady, but I don’t think he was ever actually in the flat. Killer was waiting in a cab, and the freak took the bait.” Silence fell in the little knot of police.
Heaven give him patience. Anderson was an idiot. “Do
“He’ll come out of it, Dr. Watson. He has a really good chance.”
Sherlock looked down at the check boxes. He could pick Great Britain or several other European countries. Age ranges. Male, female, trans. Gay, lesbian, straight, bisexual, asexual. He suddenly felt bile rise in his throat. He swallowed and tried to breath, but his chest felt tight. Maybe he’d just go back to the drugs after all.
Just then, headlights came on in a black car parked on the kerb in front of him. Then they winked off again. Not a car. A cab. Why had the victims gone with a stranger? Oh. Sherlock returned his phone to his pocket. He looked down the street. Lestrade, Donovan, Anderson were standing outside the car, gesticulating and arguing. All occupied. He walked over to the cab.
“Right on time,” said Mycroft, ever smug.
He smoked for long moments.
“It’s getting late. I think you need to tell John first, don’t you? I’ll make another pot of tea. I’ll be here as long as you want me to be. But go talk to John.”
“I'm being disrespectful? I know you hate me smoking. All I can say is that you’re welcome to come and haunt me. Chastise me. Throw things about the cottage. Anything, John, anything except
“The ambassador is downstairs with the wine,” said Anthea.
This was the year that Mrs. Hudson had finally been persuaded by the combined efforts of them all to get her dicey hip replaced. The clincher had been Mycroft’s offer to recruit Her Majesty’s own lofty and titled orthopedic surgeon to do the deed. As far as Mrs. Hudson was concerned, what was good enough for Elizabeth was good enough for her. Mycroft also insisted on providing a hospital bed and nurses for her own flat instead of a rehab facility after she was discharged from hospital the week before. Last Thanksgiving’s feast had been a scrambled affair in America around Sherlock’s hospital bed. Mycroft put his foot down this year. No hospitals. His care for Mrs. H left Sherlock secretly feeling charitable toward him this year. Not enough to let him do the turkey, however. Prunes indeed.
“John, I didn’t mean to. I was….”
“I mean it. You’ve been in a high risk category ever since Mary….”
“Lestrade, he’s gone.”
John’s arms tightened. His eyes remained closed.
“Of course you’re in pain,” John said, echoing his thoughts. “And you bloody well deserve it. Why the
Sherlock sighed. He knew he wouldn’t win this battle. He reached a hand up and clasped one of hers. He turned to look at her. She was still slight, but age and motherhood had given her gravitas. Her grey hair was still long, swept up into some sort of chignon. Looked good on her.
“It’s just that I miss it all,” he whispered. “I miss everything about you. I miss the boring jumpers, I miss your yelling at me to eat, I miss feeling your breath on my neck at night, I miss kissing the skin on the inside of your thighs. I’m so tired of missing you.”
on his left bicep and
“No, that’s
“I was just telling John. My son and his mother. I never even got to see him. Moriarty killed Irene before the boy was born. I strangled the son of a bitch with my bare hands when I found out, but I was too late.”
Strange that what he felt wasn’t resentment but relief. He shook his head, trying to tell Mycroft that, but his voice didn’t seem to be working. He had never had a partner before, had never had a friend. In spite of what John had said, Mrs. Hudson was more like his mother than a friend. Was this how it felt? No wonder Mycroft was wary of involvement. He stood up, chair scraping back. He cleared his throat.
“Yes. I repeat, are you any good?”
“You should get some more sleep. There’s a cot in the nurse’s station. I’d come wake you the moment anything changes.” John had quickly bonded with the little, blond nurse since she had come on shift at midnight last night. She brought him endless cups of tea once she realized he was English, and quickly learned how he liked it. She made the tea from her own private store of Twining’s English Breakfast. It wasn’t PJ Tips, but beggars couldn’t be choosers. Since she was a Yank he couldn’t fault her too much, and it was light years better than the usual hospital tea. Hospital tea was vile worldwide from London to Helmand Province to New York.
“What?”
He comes over, sits in his chair.
The thing about not being gay gave him pause. Had he given any indication in his email that he was interested in any sort of sexual relationship? He didn’t think so. He would have to reassure Watson on that score.
Tonight I've been wondering what sort of story John and I are in. John is out on a date. Mrs. Hudson stomped up the stairs a while ago to forbid me to play the violin at 2:00 a.m. She stomps quite forcefully for an elderly lady with a purportedly dicey hip.
“Right away, sir. Here or at the Diogenes?”
Sherlock first stumbled upon the painting when he was nineteen. Exactly nineteen as it happened. It was his birthday. High on cocaine and freezing his bollocks off in the bitter January twilight, he looked around for somewhere to spend the night. He had, as they say, no fixed abode. He ducked into the Old Tate just before closing. He could evade the guards easily. He melted into a likely-looking alcove, and there it was. He blinked.
A faint chuckle wafted up. “Fair enough, but I need to…”
John jerked awake, disoriented for a moment. Where…?
“I promise,” he said. Of course he couldn't promise her that, but it sounded reassuring.  He heard choppers coming in. No rest for the weary.
“Drunk?”
“You do realize that as an Anglican priest I rarely hear private confessions anymore? I take it you'd prefer that I skip what you once called 'all the mumbo-jumbo'?”
“Hush. Both of you. You’re not allowed in here. How did you…?”
Sherlock laughed hysterically. Even to himself, it sounded hysterical.
John cocked his head. “Afghanistan. How the hell did you know that?”
“Exactly. Mine was the most creative,” said Sherlock. He began stripping tiny leave of fresh thyme from a miniature stalk. “Honey, five-spice powder, lemon and thyme. Delicious.” He waggled the thyme stalk for emphasis.
He wouldn’t. Probably. But the man didn’t know that. He jerked his arms tighter.
“Where?”
Sherlock stood, picked up a charcoal grey coat that he had draped across the foot of John’s bed, swirled it on, and popped up the collar. The thought crossed John’s mind that this action had, unfairly, emphasized his partner’s cheekbones even more and brought out the blue in his remarkable eyes.
“Bit risky, wasn’t it? You took me away under the eye of about half a dozen policemen.”
Less in some areas, thought Sherlock. He would get back to those. It was still early in the day. And the pack.
“What did he do?”
phone. Your new phone. Mycroft left it for you.”
Hours later, in his bed, he had time to analyze and survey his brain chemistry. Oxytocin. Vasopressin. Orgasm. Orgasms, he corrected. He felt… splendid. He turned in the circle of John’s arms.
Sherlock turned and made for the garden gate.
When he woke up in the middle of the night, craving and sweating and on fire with desires named and nameless, he thought of the face.
He could hear Harry crying. “I didn’t… John, I was lonely. And I was…”
Sherlock stared at her, puzzled. Her voice lacked its usual acid edge. She shrugged and looked away, but not before he saw her mouth quirk into a slight smile. Another one? Why? What had changed? He shook his head. Not the time to try to figure out Sally Donovan. Sherlock ran his hands through his hair. He was missing something. What was he missing?
He pulled on his gloves. “Anything else for me?”
He hit send, stuck his head in the Colonel’s office to thank him, and went to dinner.
“I told you it was sordid. I’m going inside to make tea. I’ll be back. Don’t smoke any of my cigarettes while I’m gone.”
“Of course! I’m fine, just a little tired. You explain, ok?”
Molly walked over to her desk at the far side of the room and took one more sip of her coffee. She put it down, along with the muffin, sat down, and went over all the paperwork on the desk. Five files: Mrs. Gupta (85, presumed Covid with underlying diabetes), John Doe (found already dead in an alley off Gower Street, no ID, age and cause of death unknown), Mr. Allen (38 years old, pneumonia, no known underlying conditions), Ms. Adebayo (72, pneumonia, history of asthma), and Mr. Deitrich (21, tox screen lit up like a Christmas tree as well as pneumonia).
Except. Sherlock’s hand froze. Except that wasn’t quite true. He felt alive when he was with John. When John looked at him, talked to him. Smiled at him. What if he had gotten it wrong?
“Really, John,” Sherlock said, lifting his chin and straightening his spine. “I’m surprised a doctor would use the phrase ‘looney bin.’ Where’s your professional compassion?”
“Don’t be idiotic, John. I’ll be back in plenty of time.”
“Of course,” Mycroft said. “They know to keep me updated by phone. Could you eat something? It might help.”
“Understood,” I say, and kiss him.
So Sherlock walked slowly back to Baker Street in the gathering dusk, thinking of murder, and blood, and families. He stopped at Ling’s and got Hunan shrimp for himself and lemon chicken for Mrs. Hudson. It was her favorite.
He turned his hand over underneath hers and squeezed her hand. It was soft and warm, and somehow comforting. “What?”
“John….” He struggled up. He didn’t want John to see tears on his face. He turned away.
“Back to bed. Now," John said. They had time, surely. Mrs. Hudson had decreed dinner at 14:30. Mycroft was bringing the turkey this year. Anthea was bringing an American lover she had discovered on a trip to Atlanta, and said lover was bringing home-made pickled peaches from his mother’s kitchen.
“I brought you lemon chicken,” he bellowed. He saw no reason to go down. “I thought you liked it?”
“May I stay? Sherlock would like any available information that you will allow him to have.”
“John sensationalized everything. It was his greatest fault as a writer.”
John walked over to him calmly and plucked the phone from his hand.
“What? Yes, John, I had a conscience even then. It was before… before us, John. Before we married, before I ever thought there might be… us. But I knew you wouldn’t like it. I didn’t love her, John. It was complicated.”
“Maybe it fell out of the case,” Sally said.
“Romance." His voice is firm.
“You can use a wine bottle.”
“I want him here.”
“Time to play.” Hope’s voice jerked him back to the present.
“So that
There was a long pause. Then, very faint, “My brother.”
“I liked Dr. Watson,” she said. “And you’re…” How to put it in a way that wasn’t as insulting as she usually was? “And you’re better with him. You didn’t want to mess him up if you died. Am I right?”
“What took you so long getting there?” he asked.
Speaking of Harry, she was still crying on the satellite phone. He took a deep breath.
John blinked. It seemed everything was taken care of for the moment. Alarmingly so. He was used to doing his own managing.
“Don’t be a wanker,” said Lestrade, wearily. “We looked through it, you looked through it.”
John’s back went even more rigid.
“Nah. Mycroft. Sent Molly a letter after John died. Thought tonight might be a danger night.”
“Can’t,” said Lestrade. “She’s dead. Technically she was never alive. Rachel was stillborn fourteen years ago.”
A face loomed over him. An elegantly manicured hand held out a paper cup. Another hand, surprisingly gentle, went behind his back and helped him sit up a bit. He nodded and drank gratefully.
“Come inside, Sherlock. The vicar is heating up the food.”
“Eat before it gets cold. Angelo wouldn’t be happy if he knew it was reheated once already.” Sherlock sat down again in the chair pulled up to John’s bedside. “Angelo is, or rather was, a talented house-breaker. I got him off a murder charge. I was able to prove that at the time of an interesting triple murder in Soho, he was in the midst of a jewelry heist in Kensington. He is now the owner of an excellent Italian restaurant, a restaurant across from 22 Northumberland. Eat, John.”
“In a way,” John replied. He sat and tried to think how to phrase this. “I’ve been partnered, sir. With a bloke back in London.”
John looked at the open door for several moments after Sherlock’s brother left. He was so interested in trying to figure out what rabbit hole he had fallen into with the Holmes brothers that he forgot for a little while to think about his injuries.
“The Holy Trinity? I found my Holy Trinity at uni. No, not sex, drugs, and rock and roll. Good guess, though. I always thought classical music far superior to rock. For me it was sex, drugs, and Lady Nicotine. I’m sure the part of that you find most surprising is the sex. You always suspected I was a bit of a late-bloomer in that area, didn’t you? I never disabused you of that notion because I never wanted to talk about it. I loved you, I loved sex with you. That’s all you needed to know. I wanted to leave my dark past in the dark. But here we are, with sixteen and a half cigarettes left.”
“No,” said Sherlock. “He’s my partner. He knows about the case, and he’s a doctor. What did you find?”
“Not until it was too late. Or so I thought. We didn’t get together until years later, after Mary died. Tess was six when they moved to Baker Street. But before that, there was a woman. Her name was Irene. We worked together. We had sex.”
“Molly? Oh, Mrs. H… how’s… what? When?” They all saw the blood drain from his face.
“If you want to continue our Thanksgiving annual morning tradition, you’ll refrain from invidious comparisons.”
John hesitated, torn between a desire for privacy and a desire for support. Where was Harry? How bad was it? Did he want the Holmes brothers involved? What would he have wanted if Sherlock, the man he was partnered with but just barely getting to know, was the one in the hospital bed?
have a gun, Anderson?” Sherlock hissed. “
Mycroft was still looking down at his umbrella. He shrugged. “I care for my brother, doctor, and you are his partner. Even long-distance, I believe you have been good for him. I want to see the partnership thrive.” He looked up then. “Let my brother tell you about the drugs himself. I know it’s hard to trust an addict, but I believe he is clean at the moment and has resolved to remain clean. I’d be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to keep me informed of his situation.”
“She had gone to ground in Pakistan. She needed money, so she began to discretely ply her trade again. I found out where she was at the same time the Lashkar-e-Taiba did a sweep to clean out pernicious foreigners. She was caught up in it. They didn’t know who she was. It had nothing to do with her past finding her out. She was just another prostitute in their eyes, and the punishment was stoning or beheading. I barely made it there in time.”
“No,” rasped Hope. Sherlock tightened his hold.
Lestrade looked up from the body. “What? Oh. Jesus, Sherlock. Let me wrap this one up first. Go home.”
“You did it for yourself.” Sherlock looked up at his unwelcome visitor from his position draped on the sofa.
“Hungry? Don’t forget the nurses, Myc,” said Sherlock, handing him off quickly to Molly.
?” Lestrade yelled. Sherlock took a step back. Why was Lestrade upset? He had caught the killer, hadn’t he?
“Damn, you’re a cold fish,” Seb said, still holding him close. He could feel Seb's erection against his thigh. “Damned pretty, though. Thought there might be a good fuck in your skinny arse. Forget it.” He thrust Sherlock away from him suddenly. He had stumbled and left without a word, humiliated and confused. He remembered the rest of that night. He couldn’t lock it away. Cold and shaking, unable to sleep. Looking out his window at the snow in the quad as grey dawn filled it, thinking Seb was right about him. Maybe he just wasn’t made for human contact.
He felt Greg’s hand on his shoulder. A hand came around him held out to his son.
“Eventually. He had a gun. He could have killed me.”
“Caring is not an advantage,” Sherlock said.
“No,” he said, drawing it out.
Sherlock shook his head. “They won’t tell me anything. They’re all idiots.”
His eyebrows rose. Even he hadn’t expected the partnering to have good effects this soon. Something was possessing Sherlock to express… gratitude. Perhaps he had chosen better than he knew.
“Ah, but you and I are geniuses, are we not? I’ll just call the police, shall I? I look forward to the court case.” Well, this
“Watson, come in.” Billingsly stood and gestured to his desk chair. “I've got the message up on my computer. It’s still encrypted. Needs your code. Sit here and download the thing. I’m going to the mess tent. Take as long as you need.”
Suddenly there was a small bottle sitting on the table between them. Glass, pill bottle. One large capsule inside.
“That’s what they all say. Have a seat. Let’s talk.” The man sat heavily in one of the plastic chairs. Sherlock took a chair across from him.
Simon reached over and tentatively put his hand on the long, pale hand clutched into a fist on the table across from him.
~~~~~
Strong hands turned him. One cupped his chin, the other threaded through his hair. John was kneeling beside him.
“Simple,” the vicar said, taking a long drag on the cigarette. “Liz is going to smell this on my clothes. I hope you realize that I’m blaming you entirely. What else?”
He felt uneasy. Not bored. He had spent a contemplative morning working on Cage’s
“We have a history, doctor, and he hates for me to interfere.”
a freak, but now she thought it was kind of cute in a bizarre way.
“I have a pack of Mycroft’s excellent, secret cigarettes here. Two down, eighteen to go. I haven’t decided how to do it, exactly. So I thought I’d smoke these, and you can help me decide. Hours yet before dark. I’ve narrowed it down to three methods. Number one: your gun. It’s still in the bedside table. Advantages. Your gun, so I’m attached to it. Lots of history there. Seems poetic, somehow.  Quick. Certain if you know where to aim it. And I do, of course. Disadvantages. You’d hate that I used your gun that way. And that I didn’t clean it afterwards. Messy for whoever finds me. You’d almost cured me of making spectacular messes.”
John's hands clenched tightly around the mug, knuckles white. “He did, did he? And how did this go over with the addicts in the East End?”
“Drunk, yeah. I got that part, Harry. Bloody hell. What did you… specify?” He was going to end up paired with a lesbian in the Midlands. What a cock up. The use of his electronic power of attorney indicated his choice to waive his service exemption and put himself into the lottery. Unpartnering was rare. He could claim fraud, but that would involve a complicated, expensive court case. In England.
Good doctor, thought John. Patel, was it?
“That’s why you’re bloody well not going in,” Lestrade countered. “He’s killed four people already. We’ll call him on her phone. See what he wants. Call him, Sherlock. We’ll alert the hostage team.”
Mycroft appeared in the open doorway. “To what do I owe this interruption?” Sherlock asked, not bothering to get up from the kitchen table.
“What’s that? The cigarette? Yes, I know I promised you. But you promised you’d never leave me, so I suppose that means all bets are off. I realize you were thinking in terms of divorce or infidelity or finally having had enough of me, but death counts as leaving.”
Sherlock nodded, grabbed his Belstaff and the dwindling pack of cigarettes, and went out into the dark garden. Light from a full moon turned the paths to grey and guided his way to the bench. He sat for a moment looking up at the stars.
He had liberated them from the secret drawer in Mycroft’s Belgravia study when he packed the books for the estate sale last week. His brother probably had them squirreled away for world crises. Unfortunately, the world now lurched on from crisis to crisis without his brother to oversee it.
Really, this was most intriguing. “So that you can kill me?” he asked.
Just for a moment, John didn’t open his eyes. He savored the deep voice and the faint, lingering smell of food. Not-hospital-food. The smell was rich and deep, like the voice, with a lovely overtone of alcohol of some sort. John fumbled for the controls and raised the head of the bed. He blinked. A little votive candle in a clear glass container glowed warmly into the gloom. Sherlock had turned off the sodding flourescents, then.
The nictitating membrane. And I had been so careful.
Sherlock laughed again, then covered his mouth with a shaking hand. Of course he was. Oh, John, he thought. I wish. I wish. He just nodded.
There was a long pause.
“It’s up to you,” Hope said. “You’re the one’s gonna die here.”
Leaning against the wall, laughing with a man who had just killed someone for him, he felt the welcome lift and surge of excitement at a case well-concluded. He looked over at John Watson. Such a bland person to be so dangerous, so cool under fire. Something else fired in his brain. Dopamine. Interesting.
He looked over the email. It was as honest as he could make it. He realized the “not gay” was a bit ambiguous, but true as far as it went. He preferred women, although he had a couple of interesting encounters with men at uni. And in the Army, of course. Stress relief, proximity. He wasn’t a romantic, but he enjoyed sex. Didn’t want to spook Holmes, though, and Sherlock sounded quite nervous beneath his attempts to sound calm and in control. John had no designs on the man sexually. He had no trouble finding sexual partners when he needed or wanted them. Or of taking care of his own needs when necessary. He thought of that beautiful face. He enjoyed beauty in his female lovers, but a more obvious masculinity in his, rarer, male lovers. Best to keep it simple for both their sakes. What was that the intelligence guys said – need to know basis.
“I love my brother. I want him to be happy. Is it ridiculous of me to hope that a partner might help him? I'm not asking for a particular partner. Just a match that might not be ruinous to both parties.”
“That would be welcome,” Mycroft said, and finally sat down at the kitchen table. While Sherlock made tea, Mycroft gave him the details. Queen Alexandra Military Hospital was in London. It was one of the best hospitals in Britain. If John made it through the surgery, they would transfer him as soon as they could. They had no idea when surgery would be over.
“Why would anyone make a pie out of a large squash? It defies reason. Ow… bloody hell.”
He put Greg’s mobile in his own pocket.
He played his violin at all hours, until Mrs. Hudson came up to the flat at three o’clock one morning, interrupted a passionate rendition of the opening chaconne to Bartók’s Sonata 124, and threatened to evict him or call his brother.
Lestrade, Anderson, and the others were leaving to book the now conscious and snarling Hope. Sally was surprised when Sherlock asked, quite meekly, whether she could drive him back to the hospital so that he could let John know what had happened. He agreed to let her take his statement there.
Sherlock puffed contemplatively for a few minutes. John had chosen well. The beech tree had shed most of its golden leaves on the grass that covered his grave and the back hedge shielded them both from the worst of a light wind that had kicked up.
“Interesting,” said Hope. He stood, reached for the other bottle across the table. He shook the pill out into his hand, and came to stand facing Sherlock.
But it was Molly, and Sherlock was terrified and breathless through the whole ordeal. He had the presence of mind, however, to curse the paramedics thoroughly for their tardiness when they finally showed up. Chastened, they admitted that Dr. Watson had done everything necessary. They examined a white-faced but smiling Molly and declared the crisis over. They examined a red-faced and squalling baby-boy Lestrade and pronounced him slightly premature but stable.
Indeed, he thought. He snatched the I.D. and receipt, crammed both into a trouser pocket, and left the restaurant clutching his tea with both hands. Willing his hands not to shake. What did it matter, after all?
“I see. An exemption? Of course. But you didn’t even come to me for your own.”
“Sure, why not.” She had a line of investigation of her own that she wanted to pursue.
“Bless me, Father, for I have sinned,” he said.
Sherlock sighed and turned his head slightly to look into the vicar’s lined face. Simon lost the love of his life the year Sherlock and John had moved to Sussex. Laura was a stunningly beautiful woman who sang like an angel. Bone cancer. If anyone understood Sherlock, it was Simon.
“Nope,” she said. “We’re good. Now tell me how you knew you had the right bottle.”
“Mycroft, I would have come to you…..” He and Sir Julian went back to Eton, two misfits who had done well. Very, very well.
anyone else. This is ridiculous. Did Mycroft arrange for MI5 to send agents to stop me offing myself if you lot couldn’t manage it?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “What did I get wrong?”
He put down the cigarette, scraped back his chair, and stalked over to the door. He jerked it open.
A strangely companionable silence fell over the car. Sally thought back to Dr. Watson’s hospital room. She had seen Sherlock pause in his dizzying rant about Jennifer Wilson’s still-born daughter. Why would she still be upset, he asked. That summed him up, didn’t it? He just didn’t get it, didn’t get them. Ordinary human beings. People who were sad, lonely, fallible. He always ran over those cracks, like running on air, not touching the soiled concrete that the rest of them had to walk on. But then she had seen him pause and look at his little doctor-partner, and that was a whole other thing. He paused, his voice uncertain. He had actually realized something was wrong. “A bit not good,” the man in the hospital bed confirmed. Then he had smiled for Sherlock alone. It had been a very sweet smile. The freak had actually smiled back at him. He had looked almost normal, somehow.
Lestrade, Donovan, Anderson, and various black-clad individuals entered at a run. Some of them had guns out. Real guns this time. They skidded to a halt at the sight of Sherlock and the man on the floor.
“OK,” John said, sitting up straighter and plucking the mobile out of the long-fingered hand hovering over his chest.
Sherlock stopped his pacing and gave John a slight smile. He ducked his head. It was like no-one had ever told him he was brilliant.
“That or an overdose.”
“Got it in one. Lots of shagging. Every year, by god.”
“What? Oh, get on with it? Very well. The thing I never told you. Should have told you. Tried to tell you so many times. Before we left India, we found out that Irene was pregnant.  I didn’t love her, John, but I did come to care for her. We had become friends. She always could surprise me, and she surprised me then. She wanted to keep the child. So did I.”
“And I didn’t notice it?
He took another swig of beer. Took another drag of the cigarette. How to tell the story?
“I’d like that. To be friends. If you can forgive me for calling you a freak. I just didn’t understand. I’m really sorry.”
He gestured to his blood-stained scrubs. “Ok. Let me change, then I’ll be right there.”
That was, of course, an excellent question.
~~~~~
“Yeah,” she said, “but you all look terrible.”
“Wrong.”
“I didn’t break into your flat. It was a drugs bust.”
“I didn’t want to bother you, and it was unnecessary. No, this is a bit more complicated.”
“Thanks,” Lestrade said, and ran back down the stairs to the police cruiser.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” said Sherlock, grinning. “Good to see that your pudgy exterior doesn’t mean you’ve let yourself go totally to seed.”
“So I just texted a killer from
Sherlock promised himself that the one hit of heroin would be the only one. The last one. The partnering nonsense had shaken him to the core, but he had so far resisted the almost overwhelming urge for another hit. He hounded Lestrade for cases, paced the floor, and bit his fingernails down to the quick. He didn’t know whether he wanted the partnering to take months and years, or whether it would be better just to get it over with. He seemed to be holding his breath, waiting for the blow to fall.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Myc. Anything I can do, I will. What is it?”
Master Lestrade quieted in his father’s arms. Greg looked totally besotted. He kissed his son’s red cheek. Sherlock sniffed. He wasn’t as ready to forgive. He could have lost Molly. He looked at John. John was still rather grey. Yes, confirmed. They could have lost Molly.
?” Sally was standing, hands on her hips, glaring at him.
“You’re awake. Good. Angelo insisted on the candle. He said it would be more romantic. I have no idea what he meant, since I explained to him that you were my partner but it wasn’t a sexual relationship. I agreed to humour him.”
John gets notification of his match. Holy hell, what has Harry gotten him into?
Lestrade didn’t stop to reassure her. He bounded up the steps, and opened the door to the lounge. Sherlock was supine on the sofa, eyes closed, violin and bow resting on his chest. He wore pajama bottoms and a grey t-shirt. His hair was in disarray. Was that stubble on his face? Lestrade hadn’t seen him like this since the drug days.
“You’re blocking the door, mate." Lestrade looked rumpled, like he’s just gotten off a plane. Which he must have done. "God, John, I’m so sorry. Feel like it’s my fault for putting McClary onto Sherlock. Or Sherlock onto McClary. How’s he doing?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Her hands on Sherlock had been gentle throughout the night, and she didn’t bother to try to reassure John since she knew he was a doctor. She offered to bring him food from time to time, but she didn’t make a fuss when he refused.
John should have foreseen this and had his medical kit in the kitchen. As soon as he saw Sherlock approach the pumpkin squatting ominously on the table with their largest, sharpest knife, he should have gone for the first-aid kit.
He finished the cigarette slowly, stubbed it out in the grass.
“Got to see a man about a dog,” Sherlock said. He hadn’t been to see Francis for a while. He needed to tell him that the anguish had been worth it. That the fire inside had been returned, passion for passion. That every wound, every sacrifice… that he would do it again and again for his life. For this life.
“Did I just give you the good bottle or the bad bottle? Choose either one.” He smiled. “Everyone is so stupid. Even you.”
The cottage faced south with an unimpeded view to the sea. It wasn’t far from the cliffs. The hives dotted the slope of grass to the north. The old beech tree presided over the westernmost corner of the garden, and his bench faced it. When they first moved here, John set up an old farmhouse table and chairs near the tree, along with the bench. They had eaten countless meals out here, endless cups of tea, even made love on the table on occasion. The hedge screened it from prying eyes and when Sherlock pressed John down onto its scarred surface, rucked his shirt up, stroked his belly, John had simply laughed and hooked his legs around Sherlock’s hips.
Greg settled young Lestrade in the crook of Molly’s arm, then ran a hand through his hair.
The Latin phrases are from Henry Denison's Latin translation of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar - sometimes used as a resource exercise for schoolboys learning Latin. Mycroft: "Men at some time are master of their fates." Sir J: "The fault, my Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves, that we are underlings."
“I know. I love you, you stupid, stupid git. Here, I’ll up your morphine.”
Mycroft’s hand squeezed his shoulder. Mycroft knew everything, of course. How close they had come. How devastated he would have been. How few friends he had. How important they were. How little defense he really had anymore.
John scrubbed his tired eyes with a shaking hand. A Lucky Dip was a computer generated ticket with no specifications. Lucky Dips were for people who didn’t give a shit, people who felt insanely lucky, or people who refused to even go get their own ticket. If you refused to participate, the government did a Lucky Dip for you and texted you a copy of the numbers.
John had no idea what he was talking about. From the puzzled expression on all the other faces in the room, neither did anyone else.
“You’re the cabbie, the one outside Northumberland Street. It was you, not your passenger.”
“Of course you can. Now I went to Eton, but Sherlock went to Winchester. Both excellent schools. I brought a bottle of 50 year old Balvenie Double Wood that we haven’t opened yet. Let me pour you some, and we can talk.”
“I was just teasing, Sherlock.” The dark head still bent over the phone. His lips were tight. Ok, then, John thought. Not a subject his partner takes lightly. Must be some history there, but at least they should get some things clear, now that they were face to face. John liked clarity. No time like the present. He didn’t have anywhere else to go at the moment.
“Like I said before,” Anderson muttered. “You said the murderer would have the case. The case was in your flat. You just said the murderer had the the phone. The phone’s in your flat.”
“Stay. There’s room.”
Each man contemplated the smoke rising from the tip of his own cigarette. Finally Simon spoke.
“More than ok,” said John. “We’d be honored.”
“But you didn’t.”
~~~~~
He slid into the back of the cab, not even looking back to determine whether any of the others had seen him leave. The cabbie pulled smoothly away from the kerb, lights still off.
“When did you realize you were in love with him?” Simon had an irritating habit of cutting to the heart of matters.
Sherlock lit the third cigarette and drew the smoke deep into his lungs. They protested faintly, but they would just have to reacquaint themselves with the burn. He looked for long moments out at the slate grey sky beyond the hedge. The sun had come up behind him some time ago.
“Do we even have a rolling pin?”
Hunger artists were people who starved themselves to astonish and amuse paying audiences. Side-show freaks. In Kafka’s story, the hunger artist sacrifices everything for his audience. They don’t even notice.”
“But that was ages ago. Why would she still be upset?”
His knees buckled and he fell onto them, clutching at the doorframe. He heard a babble of voices behind him. He couldn’t seem to stand.
~~~~~
It was a transparent ploy, Sherlock thought. But he liked the vicar, and Liz’s scones were the best in the village. He nodded and the two men turned and walked up the gentle slope, past the quiet hives, toward the cottage.
Sherlock looked at him for a long moment. “Give me the address. I’ll…,” he gestured vaguely to his face and hair. “I’ll get a cab. I won’t be long.”
He opened his eyes and waved the cigarette toward the grave that lay in front of the bench. It was in the back garden of the cottage under the beech tree.
It was the head of a man in torment. The face was grey with anguish, dark mouth opened in a scream. Dark slashes cut the face. The skin was peeling off the cheeks and neck, lit from within by golden fire. Torment, desire, anger? Or was the man burning from within with some great thing, something greater than his mortal frame, burning from the soul outward? Or was it all of those things and more?
I can't. I don't want to see the monster reflected in his eyes.
“Twenty-two…”
it on him. When she got out of his car, she knew she was going to die. She left the phone to lead us to the killer.” He stopped pacing, a brilliant smile on his face. “Rachel!”
John just nodded and took another bite. And another. Then he paused.  “And Molly? That was the other name you mentioned. Who’s she?” He took another larger bite. The veal was meltingly tender, the pasta was still al dente even after all it had been through.
Soon after that, he left Cambridge. Mycroft had been furious, his parents concerned and confused. He found a dreadful, cheap apartment in Montague street. Found drugs. Drugs made his life more bearable. Alleviated boredom, quieted his mind when it raced without an object of focus, covered over memories. He  needed  the drugs. When Mycroft noticed this, he blocked Sherlock’s access to his trust fund, and gave him an allowance instead. Humiliating.
“We do know how to do our jobs. We would have caught him.”
“You’re not going to try to talk me out of it? You surprise me. I thought suicide was a sin.”
He would start with the skull. That was an interesting story. He would end with the mollusk. Those were his strong suits. He was on less solid ground with the friendship, the money, and the clutter. He started to hit “reply” when he heard footsteps on the stairs. Not Mrs. Hudson. Heavier. Oh, bugger Mycroft. What now?
So he told her. About the partnering. The Lucky Dip. Some of his fears. Things he had never told anyone.
I laugh.
“Then he left to form a more respectable alliance with an MP’s daughter. My music professor liked my face as well as my way with Bach. She was married, but that didn’t seem to matter. She was beautiful. Again, I fancied myself in love. She fancied a fuck in between Baroque duos for violin and cello. She laughed when I told her I loved her. After that things became a bit of a blur. Sebastian Wilkes took me in hand. Literally.”
“Borrowed it from Joe Farmer. Mate on the force. Transplanted Yank.” Lestrade waved his arms from across the imaginary 50 yard line marked by a large beech tree in Victoria Park. “Be grateful we’re playing girlie football from a standing start. Throw the damned ball.”
“Ah, you could hear him, then. He finds talking aloud helpful to his process. He was droning on about serial suicides, murder, rings, and pink suitcases when I came this morning. He said to tell you if you woke up that your bedroom is ready, he is chasing down leads, and that he will be back this evening. I really must get back to work, but I am happy that you’re doing better, doctor. Mrs. Hudson will be here shortly, no doubt with more baked goods. Is there anything I can do for you before I leave?”
“So, my first cigarette was when I was eight,” he said, reaching into the pack.
“Considerate of you,” Sherlock said. “And your victims just go with you.”
“Google,” Sherlock said after a slight pause. “It’s still bleeding.”
John felt badly that he couldn’t email the man… Man, he realized, not boy. A boy hadn’t written that email. That was encouraging, at least. He felt badly that he couldn’t email the man now and reassure him that he would make no demands on him beyond that required by law of them both. But he was sagging with fatigue. He lay down on the bunk, still fully clothed except for his boots, and fell into a deep sleep. The bluey was still held loosely in one hand.
“You’re not as young as you used to be, either,” Sherlock said, still not looking up.
“Oh for god’s sake,” Sherlock said.
The dinner had been pleasurable. Julie shared his delight in excellent food, ridiculously expensive wine, and unobtrusive service. As they waited for cabs on the street, Sir Julian passed him a leather portfolio an inch or so thick. Mycroft thanked him and returned home.
There was the slightest hesitation on the other end of the intercom. He rarely visited other people in their offices. They came to him. Except for Her Majesty, of course.
“Dinner from London? What did you bring?”
He only saw it when his brother practically rubbed his nose in it. Mycroft could see so much further ahead.
Sherlock stuck the cigarettes and lighter into his coat pocket. Still graceful, he bent and snatched John’s cup from the grass without spilling a drop and headed toward the cottage.
Lestrade sat down on the bench beside him.
“John sent you here today?”
Mycroft tried to concentrate on the file in front of him. He failed. His concentration rarely failed him, but it was January the sixth. Sherlock’s birthday. They rarely acknowledge such things, so any gift or visit would be rudely rejected. But his curiosity kept niggling at the back of his consciousness, coming between him and the decision about the list of potential ambassadors. Would Sherlock make his own choices or let the Agency make a random pick for him in protest? And which would be more disastrous?
“We both know you too well to think anyone could stop you doing anything. You’ll make your own decision. John asked me to visit about tea-time because he thought it was even odds that you’d off yourself before tea. Thought it was better that I find you.  He said, and I quote, ‘If the wanker blows his head off, I don’t want Mrs. Caldwell finding him.' Unquote.”
Greg lit up and handed the pack and lighter back.
Sherlock’s eyes fell from the sky to the spot under the tree that John had chosen.
Sherlock nodded and did as he was told.
“I’ll get Dr. Augustine,” said Kelly.
“Wait,” John said. “What things? Who’s Angelo? Who the hell is Molly?” John raised his voice on the last question, because Sherlock was out the door and into the hall.
“Just if it’s ok with you, mate,” said Lestrade, carefully. “If you’d rather us not use a family name…”
No “sorry you were shot.” No “how do you feel?” No “will you ever perform surgery again?” No “hello, nice to actually meet you.” Actually, John thought, that was an enormous relief, since he didn’t feel like talking about his feelings at the moment.  Sherlock waved the phone at him.
. He was
“Movie?”
“Yes, definitely better,” he said. "And it was to the right side.”
Sherlock lowered his face into his long-fingered hands for long moments. He hated to beg. “Please, Mycroft,” he finally whispered, “spare me this. I’m not… suited… for a relationship. Please.”
Mycroft looked at him strangely. “You care about him, don’t you? I feared this might happen. Well, be that as it may. He is alive, Sherlock, at least he was a half-hour ago. He was shot in the shoulder during an attack on a Taliban stronghold near Lashkar Gar. They think it was a sniper targeting the medical personnel trying to help the wounded. He lost a lot of blood, but they got him to the nearest hospital at Camp Bastion. It’s serious. He’s in surgery now.”
“Damn,” the Colonel said. “That’s… a real mess, isn’t it? What are you going to do? I’ll help any way I can, but I’d hate to lose you here. Can’t really afford to, if it comes to that. Experienced combat surgeons aren’t exactly thick on the ground.”
“Repeat after me. ‘Sod the turkey.’”
“Stop thinking about the turkey. It’ll be fine.” John ran his hand lazily down Sherlock’s naked back. He had long since gotten used to the scarred ridges. Damn Serbia and all Serbians. Every time he felt those, he remembered just how close Sherlock had come to never coming home.  John sent up a prayer of thanks for each ridge that he touched. He kissed the top of Sherlock’s head gently.
“Well, he’s an idiot.”
“As a
“Mycroft… no. No, I’m grateful. That you knew what was happening. That you… How bad is it?”
That surprised a laugh out of Sherlock. God, he could hear John say it. He missed him so. Emma Caldwell was the occasional help. She cooked and cleaned and complained about the messes Sherlock made.
“Well, maybe I could unhook a few things on this side. Just for a minute.”
So Sherlock had a case. Sherlock had been here with him. John felt a tiny smile tug at the corners of his mouth. “Does it have something to do with pink suitcases or have I been hallucinating?”
“Chinese. Ling’s is still there. Seemed appropriate.” Sherlock felt tears prick behind his eyelids again. This was becoming tedious. Just because Ling’s had been his and John’s favorite and Greg remembered didn’t mean he had to get sentimental.
He fumbled for the white card taped to the frame.
“You’re a romantic, Sherlock, and you’re an idealist.”
“Can’t count on much repeat business then?”
“We decided that we’d announce today, since we knew you were coming over. You know that whole ‘blue cake’ thing? Yeah,” said Greg. “Didn’t expect the little bugger for another month, but he seemed to have a mind of his own.” He reached down and touched the little bundle, now seemingly asleep. “But we also decided on a name. We wanted it to be a surprise. We… well.” He reached down and lifted the top of the box.
“I’m not.”
Sherlock tried to smile. Morphine was good, but oxytocin was better.
“Because I worry about Sherlock. Constantly. I’m not asking you to be indiscreet. Nothing you’d feel uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he’s up to.”
“At least it’s a start. It’s the first real lead we’ve had…” Sherlock looked back down at the IPad. “Oh. That’s not possible.”
“Yeah, I can see that,” Jerry said. “Sorry, you got a bluey. Confidential. Eyes only. It came six hours ago, but he didn’t want to interrupt. Sorry, mate. Probably shouldn’t wait any longer.”
Hope lifted the pistol. “No, you can’t. You can play the game, or I’ll shoot you in the 'ead.”
“I assume you know that I’m a surgeon,” John said. “How bad is the nerve damage?” Will I ever be able to perform surgery again? That was the question he didn’t ask, but that all three of the men in the room knew was the real question.
Surprisingly, there was no general uprising against the system. People were, when polled, dissatisfied with current family arrangements. Perhaps they were willing to take the chance that nothing could be worse than their own sorry family experiences and  romantic histories. It promised, and largely gave, a certain welcome stability to life. Arranged partnerships seemed to work just as well as, if not better than, romantic ones long-term. There was a fair amount of objection from various religious quarters, but it died down surprisingly quickly. Society adjusted around the new arrangements.
Sherlock made an ambiguous sound around his cigarette. Puffed, then lowered it.
Sherlock whirled around. He hadn’t even heard him coming. He was definitely losing it.
“Twenty-two Northumberland Street. Please come.”
“Sally, is this going to be the beginning of a beautiful friendship?”
“Yeah, just realized that.”
stupid,” Sherlock remembered insisting. He had been, though, at least compared to Mycroft.
The vicar reached for the Staffordshire pot and refilled both their cups. “I noticed John didn’t drink his beer. I’m not judging. I made two cups of tea every morning for over a year after Laura died.”
“So,” he said, “my first cigarette. Technically it was Mycroft’s cigarette, but I appropriated it. I was eight, and I worshipped my brother. I know, hard to believe, isn’t it? Did you know Mycroft was dead, by the way? I might have forgotten to mention it. Last month. Stroke. Couldn’t let go of the power, and it killed him.” Sherlock took a savage drag at the cigarette.
Sherlock threw the fag end of the cigarette on the ground. John hated mess in the garden, and it did seem disrespectful so near the grave. Unfortunately, since John had forced him to give up smoking twenty years ago, there were no ash trays about.
“Wanker.”
“Why would he be here?” Sally said, but not making a move to get out. “That doesn’t make any sense. He wouldn’t know you’re working on the case. Why…?”
happy, as a matter of fact. And that makes
“I’m Greg. Friend of Sherlock’s.”
As for Mrs. Hudson, John gave her strict instructions to stay inside. He refused her offers of cooking, baking, laundry.  No contact unless she started showing symptoms, then he would do whatever necessary to see she was taken care of.  They had a plan as a household. Everyone just had to stick to the god-damned plan. The plan included near-obsessive distancing and hand-washing on John's part. He was torn between wanting to be in Baker Street and the fear that he would bring the virus into the flat from the hospital. Sherlock was vulnerable. Ever since.... Well. John had been troubled to note that Sherlock did, indeed, look older. Thinner. Paler. Sherlock's health was compromised, and he would always feel responsible for that.
“He’s a good man, John Watson. He seems to be a determined one.”
“You can stay,” he said to Mycroft. So Dr. Patel gave him the news. Bullet wound to the left shoulder, nicked the subclavian artery. Extensive blood loss, damage to the acromial angle and infraspinous fossa, damage to the suprascapular artery and nerve and the circumflex scapular artery. Possible brachial plexus damage. Two surgeries, one at the Army Hospital in Afghanistan, the other when they had gotten him to Queen Alexandra yesterday. The second surgery had been to try to restore more circulation to the damaged vein and arteries. This had included grafts from his left leg.
“Captain, the Colonel wants you to come to his office.”
“You are an idiot. It’s well established. Stay hydrated.”
“I can always predict the fortune cookies,” he said.
While he waited, he sat back down in front of the computer and clicked “reply.” He typed for a while, answering some of the doctor’s questions and some of their mutual concerns. After reading it over, he sat back for a moment.  He noticed that a cup of tea was sitting beside him, but no Mrs. Hudson. He reached out and took a sip. Still relatively warm. Should he have been more explicit about his sexuality? But what would he have said, exactly? Asexual? Gay but sex-averse? He wasn’t quite sure himself. It probably didn’t matter. John Watson was intelligent. He would understand that the possibility of a sexual relationship didn’t even need to be discussed or negotiated. That was a relief. Sherlock pressed “send” and finished the tea.
He showered, dressed, and went downstairs. Speedy’s had lottery machines. The Partner Lottery was just another machine among those for Lotto and EuroMillions. He ordered tea and a partner card. The young man behind the counter handed him the card and a stubby pencil.
When he got back to Baker Street, John was already dressed in the fetching bespoke suit that Sherlock had picked out for him.
“Group therapy in the East End is refreshing. ‘I use because my husband beats me.'  'I take morphine because my son was killed by a drug gang.'  'I’m a coke-head because I cannot bear my miserable life.' That sort of thing.”
“Ah. It seemed a good opportunity to get a confession?” It didn’t sound convincing, even to his own ears.
happy.” She swatted his arm. “Now go help Gladys with the soup.”
“What are you doing here, Lestrade?”
“And whose fault was that? It was a fake gun, anyway, you idiot. And you came closer to killing yourself. Two pills. You were going to take one, weren’t you? Anything to prove what a genius you are.”
John’s face was different. Facial hair. More lines. Something shuttered in it. The facial hair was ludicrous. Perhaps he had misread what he thought he saw. He wasn't good with emotions.
“Oh, that one. Creepy thing, innit? Sold, I heard. Private collector with more money than sense if you ask me. Heard it fetched millions.”
Sherlock’s smile faded. His shoulders slumped.
Francis always understood, since they were two of a kind. Francis understood when he relapsed, although the suffering face seemed to call on him to be better, to show more fortitude. The face understood why he jumped from St. Bart’s, since the face had heard the whispered words of love he couldn’t say to the people he actually loved. The face listened when he talked about the torture, the nightmares. He didn’t want to burden John.
Sherlock was grateful that Greg was nattering to give him time to get himself together.
“Ah,” said John. He pulled Sherlock’s head down and kissed him thoroughly. Sherlock cradled the back of his head with his newly-bandaged hand, tongue probing. Then he drew back.
Sherlock’s knees suddenly felt weak, and he sank to the bed beside Molly and the hideous squalling bundle squirming on her stomach.
“He?” Anderson asked.
“Yes, we, John. You’ve been a great help, even while unconscious. Talking to you helped. I usually talk to the skull, but Mrs. Hudson confiscated it when I hid cigarettes there. She’s trying to persuade me to stop smoking.”
He knew damn well that he hadn’t told John about that case. Ever. It was after he had killed Magnussen, after he had spent another two years chasing an undead Moriarty around the globe. Two years. He had survived Eastern Europe and several other adventures. It had been a near run thing, but he took satisfaction in the fact that it was one of the few times Mycroft had been wrong.
Sherlock sighed. “Oh, look at you lot. You’re all so vacant. Is it nice not being me? It must be so restful. Rachel is not a
“Might as well be hanged for a sheep as a lamb,” the vicar muttered as he lit one.
“… a lot of food, so…” She paused. She put a hesitant, gentle hand on his shoulder. “It’s… Thanksgiving today. So people brought in a lot of food. If you’re not going to sleep, at least you should eat something.”
. It’s what I do. Are you any good?”
There is a secret. Is that vague enough? Much as I insult John’s blog, he does have a talent for cutting to the chase that I seem to lack. I saw an article on the internet about plots. It was about a book by someone or other claiming that there were seven plots. Comedy, tragedy, quest. Mostly the usual suspects, but what caught my eye was that one of the plots was called “overcoming the monster.” Very Jungian, which the author apparently was. Who was the author? Irrelevant. The article was on Wikipedia, so I’ve deleted most of it. Don’t tell John I consulted Wikipedia. I have a reputation to maintain.
“The work is enough,” Sherlock’s voice rose as he stood, crowding into his brother’s space. Mycroft didn’t flinch.
At that, John turned around. Surprisingly, he was smiling.
“Nothing so worthy.” Simon took a last puff of the cigarette and flicked the end over the cliff. “She loved life so much. Savored every day, even at the end. It just seemed to me, finally, that not doing the same would dishonour her memory. It’s different for everyone, Sherlock. I think the Stoics had it right, actually. If it seems the most honourable course to you, I’m not here to dissuade you. I just thought I’d see how you were doing. And Liz sent scones. I left them in the cottage. Tea? You could tell me how you and John got together. I’ve always wondered.”
~~~~~
“We’ll just have a map coordinate, not a name,” Lestrade said, pulling out of the handicapped spot where he had parked. “We don’t have a warrant to search…”
“I’ve seen a lot of gunshot wounds, Doctor, and a lot of gunshot wounds to the head.” She didn’t turn to look at him. She gentled the sheet over Sherlock’s barely moving chest. Just the barest of movements. The barest of breaths. In and out. In and out.
“Well, what do you think?”
about her daughter, John. She scratched her name on the floor with her fingernails. She was dying. It took effort. It would have hurt. Why would she have done that?” He was focused on John, ignoring everyone else.
“Right, then,” said John. “What can I do?”
Really, this wasn’t completely terrible. He actually seemed to have some things in common with this person. Ridiculous relatives, a career, and a desire to minimize the damage of this partnering. Perhaps they could make this work with minimal disruption to their lives.
pillock. You never fucking
“Can you show me?”
John laughed. Then he held out his hand. “John Watson. Late of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers.”
John reached over to the bedside table, fished around, and came up with cuffs and lube.
“It’s bad, I’m afraid.” Mycroft almost always knew what he was thinking. “I thought you should know.
John took his hand and gave it firm shake. “Thanks.” Lestrade turned to look at Sherlock.
Sherlock strode over to John, put both hands on his face, and kissed him with fervor.
“Oh, go back in. I’ll bring it up.”
“Why shouldn’t I?” The screaming man didn’t answer him. Sherlock buried his face in his arms and slept.
Soon a large white bakery box was sitting on the bed beside Molly. A knife, small plates, forks perched on the bedside table.
So John found himself sitting at the computer. He straightened his shoulders, ignored the butterflies in his gut, and started typing.
Suddenly the door slammed open. John crossed the room in long angry strides.
Just that action exhausted him, and his head fell back on the pillows. Before he could ask any more questions, several people entered the room and began a routine with which John was intimately familiar, but from the other side of the bed. Probing, questions, monitors. After a time, only a doctor and Mycroft Holmes remained.
Sir Julian smiled. “Remember the Jameson’s we liberated from the Senior Common Room?”
He lifted her hand and kissed it. She laughed and removed her hand from his grasp. “Don’t think you can charm me that easily. No more violin in the middle of the night, or I really will call Mycroft.” He carried the tea things down the stairs for her, and wished her good night.
