Sherlock explained, “While the coach was the person who initially thought of the notes, and drew up a plan, the substitute, O’Keiley was the real mastermind. She really went in deep through Mary’s history and took the most disturbing facts to upset Watson. She befriended an MI5 colaborator, who has already been identified, and tried to get Watson to discover her mother’s hidden stashes of money. I believe Coach had no idea that she had gone that far, or that she had been using him all the time to pay her rent.”
-Yes. Pepsi is here for a sleepover.  Anyway, we made shrimp tacos and a box cake for dessert. They played the new version of Dance Party and then they went to Rosie’s room. I think they have fallen asleep, they were giggling earlier. You’re home now? SH
Once in the bedroom, they kissed again, this time Sherlock giving back, and licking and sucking and being a little too much, but it was alright, it was him. After a while of kissing and caressing, John took Sherlock’s hand and placed it without hesitation on the bulge forming quickly underneath his trousers, so the younger man could feel how he affected John. Sherlock gasped, “John!”
The Wiggin's twins, Matthew and Samantha, were born a couple of weeks before their due date. A bit underweight, but otherwise healthy and equipped with a potent set of lungs each. For Wiggins, it was Christmas in March. He was organized, loving and overactive, being a fantastic partner for Molly. She was certain that, just as she had told Sherlock, this was her happily ever after.
John went to him then, a kind smile on his face and his eyes shining. He put an arm around Sherlock’s waist, his hand on the small of his back. He used the other hand, on Sherlock’s neck to bring his face to his. John slowly rubbed his face against his, first the left side, then the right. “Is this good?”
“Watson, he and I have something very different from what I had with Luther. When I went with Luther, John and I were broken up. Your Dad, he is my best friend, my conductor of light and - my heart. Believe me I am working to regain the good things we had before.”
While Mycroft fumed and planned, Sherlock fell asleep.
“Watson loves Nyla. It would be convenient that they stay.” Sherlock looked out the window.
“Sherlock, what John feels for you is real. And seven years is a hell of a long time to ‘make do’.”
******
Now it’s my turn. I vow to always care for and protect you. I vow to make it known that I have the privilege of being your Husband, I vow to communicate with you, and work with you to find ways to understand each other and resolve conflict. I vow to let you know I love you through my words and my actions. I vow to always be here, to always be your home and always come back home to you. I love you William Sherlock Scott Watson-Holmes, you are the love of my life, and I will spend the rest of it proving my words.”
gift will blow your minds.
“I never meant to separate Rosie from him. Never. I wasn’t ever really thinking of marrying a woman again, Mrs. Hudson. I did date, I’m not going to lie. I was angry in those first months. At the end, before I left, he was always working, never available, incredibly rude and told me to do whatever I wanted when I first told him I was leaving. I was hurt, and mad, but I never meant to take Rosie away. Once we came back from that weekend and Sherlock cut all communication with me I started to realize I hadn’t thought through what ‘breaking up’ meant. When I found out about Luther….I thought everything was lost. But I was determined to be his friend again, at the very least. I worked on myself, Mrs. H. I finally did what the therapist asked me to. I’m going to anger management sessions every month, therapy every week and I’ve been to a doctor specializing in neurodivergent adults that Sherlock’s doctor recommended. I’m exercising, and I’ve been sober. I understand that he doubts me, that you doubt me and Mycroft does too, but this is it for me. I will be with him, as long as he wants me to, and however he wants me, Mrs. H. I really don’t know how else to explain myself.”
“Dr. Watson, good to see you sir, good of you to come…” Sherlock elbowed him and he shook hands with John. They filled him in on the information they had gathered and the possible plan of action. They each took off in different directions to interview friends of the competition candidates, under the ruse of being from the papers.
The surge of...surprise? Anger? Fuck might as well call it what it was...jealousy, spiked through John. Sherlock and Charlie. She was blond, blue eyed and had a nice, well rounded body. She was a nurse, with quite an extensive knowledge of medical and anatomical conditions. Sherlock could find her interesting. They wouldn’t have...Not with the girls. No! The girls were on a whole different floor, if they had been in Sherlock’s bedroom.
Sherlock, at a loss as to what to do alone with Nyla’s mom, offered her a drink.
One thing Sherlock was adamant about was not having a ceremony. He had accepted a dinner at their new cottage in Sussex Downs, but resisted making any vows and refused any notions of preparing a “wedding”.
that read all my stories, and rave about them and love my OC's and want more of them. That give me presents and send me flowers. You guys are my conductors of light and of happiness, and there are not enough words to thank you.
“Yep, woman, teacher broke her foot in three places. She’ll need surgery and weeks of bed rest and crutches”
“I’m so glad we finally got to get together mate! It’s been a right while!” Greg slapped John’s good shoulder heartily. “Looks like you were trying to scam me out of my pints!”
He found some mango flavored rum, present from Molly. Sherlock made a valiant effort and talked about the girls’ experiment, feeling very uncomfortable, what had he been thinking?
Rosie hyperventilated. If only it were her days with Sherlock, she might work up the courage to ask him what to do, instead.
He then opened the ‘present’. A sleek black box, hermetically closed, cold to the touch. Stuck to it an envelope with the same ornate writing, the same name displayed on the front. He unstuck it from the box and set it aside. The box came with a lock, five figures.
Sherlock stood blinking there breath hitching, then he repeated, with a voice that quivered, “With this ring, I declare that you, John Watson, have done me the honor of being my husband, now and forever more, come what may, just the two of us against the world.
“John, really, why don’t you just call him? Or go upstairs when you go to Baker Street? I mean, he does look well. He’s slim, but not overly so, I think, not that I’ve stared. He seems more...communicative lately. Like he is trying to be polite. Allen has commented on it. He was kind of scared something might come of it, but I think it's just Himself really trying to behave.”
*******
The suspect slipped out of Stewart’s grasp and Sherlock gave chase, having to push out of the crowded front of the bus. They ran right in front of the arriving officers who didn’t know what was going on. John arrived in a police car in time to see the suspect running towards the nearby train station, and Sherlock in close pursuit, gracefully jumping over a bus stop bench and later a higher fence at the station. John ran after them, to see Sherlock pounce on the man like a puma, throw the bigger man on the floor and attempt to handcuff him, but the bigger man rolled around, trying to throw him off, making John think of a totally different situation. By the time Stewart, Donovan and John caught up with them, they had to break through a crowd of people. The suspect had almost taken Sherlock’s shirt off, and had apparently been pulling on his hair, but Sherlock was laughing, and as Stewart properly arrested him, Sherlock sent Donovan an audio file with the man’s confession.
- Fine. We will cycle through the park. The helmet better be big enough to cover my head. I don’t have cycling clothes. SH
“No” said Sherlock, who playfully dragged him to the edge of the bed as he continued to kiss him. Apparently John’s cock had woke up before him and was saluting his consulting detective enthusiastically. “And you said you didn’t want me anymore.” Said Sherlock talking into John’s groin and kissing his cock’s head as John gasped. Sherlock did a thorough job of kissing and licking John’s body, placing some marks of his own. He rubbed his face in John’s groin kissing the shaft and taking his bullocks in his mouth, tickling them with his tongue, sucking them, leaving them wet. He pushed his fingers in John’s mouth and used them to rub at John’s perineum, in due time getting up and using lube to slick the fingers. He took the tip of John’s cock into his mouth and ran the tip of his tongue up and down the head until John thrust into his mouth.
“It’s not like I have a receipt Molly. He’s not open to anything with me now, other than friendship and working on cases. It has to be enough.”
Both are talented authors and artists and busy with their own lives. I am lucky they always seem to have time for me.
*********
“John, we are already a family. We live together, have a daughter to raise, we eat and sleep and have sex together. We will sign a document for legal reasons, there is no reason for a dumb party. Just a dinner since you and Mummy insist.”
John stepped closer to him, held his hands, “Those River Boys did really know their songs. You really do look perfect, love. God you are so beautiful. Sherlock, we did it. We made it. This whole day seems like a dream. I can barely believe it.” He could barely get that last sentence out.
“I don’t guess, Lidia, as you well know, I deduce.” Sherlock proceeded to observe the pair attentively. “You have a tattoo parlor. Upscale. Likely close to the theaters. Well established. You have been life and business partners for 3 years or more.”
“Don’t you do any actual work anymore Lestrade? You must enchant my brother. That would explain why he keeps you on the roster with all the laying around you do here. It would also explain the fact that he is now able to move the facial muscles necessary to smile, on occasion.”
Sunday evening, after her shower, John called her over to the living room. “Did you girls do your project, Rosie?”
He lay his husband in the center of the bed, head on pillow. He kissed Sherlock’s left eyelid, “This is for when I wanted to kiss you when you winked at me.”
“Fine,” and he let John hold on to his wrist as they walked.
The musicians started to set up, and John noticed the singer, looking at Sherlock. Of course, who could blame him. The fellow was in his mid twenties at most, tall, kind of lanky, wavy dark brown hair, full lips, green eyes. He had a Spanish look about him, decidedly a handsome bloke. John hoped he didn’t have to stop the lad from flirting with his partner. The guests started arriving and the  minister also, which prompted the band to start the music. One of the members of the band played the violin, well, though he was no Sherlock.
*******
“No. As a matter of fact, he is leaving the day after tomorrow. He talked about meeting us in Nice, but I have to say, I’m not in the mood to go.”
John had caught on, but didn’t want to spoil his fun. “I don’t understand.”
The notes had started with infantile messages “Aren’t you ashamed to have two fathers?. A pretty girl like you deserves a mom.” and “Stay away from the detective, he’ll make you a freak like him.” The last ones showed a definite escalation. “I have already instructed you on how to look for your mother’s hidden accounts. If you continue to ignore me, I will abduct you from school. You have no idea who I am, but I promise you, you would never see your dads again.” and “We are done waiting. You have failed in providing us simple information you could have found in your own home. Expect to be with us anytime today.”
Then John showed Sherlock the bath that was drawn with lavender oil, and salts. The tub had been custom made for two. He showed him two thick camel color robes that waited for them on hooks. John helped Sherlock take his suit off, and hung it neatly on hangers, then Sherlock did the same for John.
As Sherlock and Rosie walked back towards the Headmistress’ office, John came running to them.
At that, John’s chest felt a pull. Having Sherlock here would have made the experience so many times better. John took a deep breath. Tried to think about the set up for tomorrow.
Indeed, Holmes. Come here and take those pyjamas off immediately. I have the mission to explore your body, and provide it with as much pleasure as it can take. Are you up to the task?”
“Well, I do too,” said John. He pushed Sherlock gently against the wall next to the door, pushed his body against his and pulled his head gently towards his face. John proceeded to purposefully kiss Sherlock, tenderly and thoroughly, while Sherlock first tensed, then relaxed into it. He responded to the kiss, his hands grabbing on to the lapels of John’s jacket. John could tell he was holding back. However, Sherlock was quite breathless when John broke gently away.
“So I really can’t tell if this disappearance has anything to do with the ones you are investigating, but still, it’s one more veteran that is missing.” Said John to Sherlock.
Rosie sighed. “Nevermind, you both made it, that’s what counts.”  Rosie said in a clipped tone, as she stood between them.
“I don’t want John to know anything about me, Mycroft. We are done. All he needs to understand is that I’m able to take care of Watson on my days.” This was said with fierce passion Mycroft had not seen in weeks.
“I am not looking for any woman, Sherlock. At the moment, I’m quite content with the things we have been planning.” John had to forcefully stop himself from saying too much, from confessing he had the wildest fantasies about his flatmate, seemingly having abandoned the notion that he was supposed to not feel attracted to him, ‘like that’, because Sherlock was a man.
-I did, but you can come to D.I Harris’ office. SH
Said detective did not like to hear he was wrong. Much less did he like how he felt when John, looking like a ray of sunshine, had the gall to laugh at him.
Mike looked at him, open mouthed. John smiled and shook his head. “You were going to introduce me to Sherlock Holmes?” He laughed as Mike looked blown away. “Of course you were.”
"Fine! Then I shall give you my parents to put over your name! “  Sherlock huffed; “You can keep my parents and The Queen. I’ll throw in his crown, his dainty umbrella and his crystal clear wing tip Derbys! Hudders is mine!!”
“Thanks. Would you have something other than wine? Too many associations.” she said,
So now he was sitting in the fire escape, smoking, knowing that unwillingly, he had done it again, driven John away, when everything had been so delicate to begin with.
“Confused? I’m not confused!”
“Oh, don’t worry, Sherlock already gave me his and your contact numbers. I actually might be coming around to visit London. Well, goodbye John. Don’t let this discourage you. Some people throw majestic sulks. You should see my husband. I love him dearly, though. It looks like Sherlock loves you too, so don’t let him get away.”
“Tough old geezers. Mummy is head first into the wedding shite. Man I never thought it could be so complicated. ‘A small family gathering’ we said. Now, I think the whole English Government is invited! You will be there, right?” Greg complained.
“Yes, Mrs Hudson, Mycroft congratulated me because John proposed. I accepted.” He rose his hand to show his ring. She looked at it and touched it, rubbing her finger on it’s ridges. “And are you sure about this, love? He is a dashing man, and we love him, I know, but do you believe it will be better now?”
With this chapter we have entered in our men's darkest times. It is appropriate then for the inspiring fic to be missselene's
*********
Quincy, the wedding singer, repeated the first two stances to give them some more time. Once that was finished, he sang “Love Me Like You Do”. John danced with Mummy Holmes and Sherlock had his first dance as Sherlock Watson-Holmes with Mrs Hudson, who was as happy as he was. Then he danced “A Thousand Years” with his Watson, switching partners, giving Rosie to John, who gave Mrs Hudson to Daddy, who gave Mummy to Sherlock.
“What are your intentions towards my brother, Dr. Watson?”
Sherlock had looked at him doubtfully. “John?”
“That was incredible and so hot!!” said John. “Sherlock, you have done so much to get us to this point. We wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for you, love”
“Your face!” Sherlock laughed; “Luther is just a friend I have sex with. He is kind and lovely and going back to the States soon…”
“wherewereyou?”  he asked sleepily
“Not a case. I went to Paris.” Sherlock said, not looking at Lestrade. “What do you wa...How are you, Gavin?”
“We follow procedure. Everything has been photographed.” Anderson? whined.
“Do you really not mind being seen carrying on with the likes of me, little Molly?”
“We are indeed different, John. I regret it too.”
“Yes, thank you. It's’ perfect. I’ll say goodbye to Watson.”
“He is hurt, Molly. I asked him to come so I could fix him up. You know he doesn’t like hospitals. He agreed to stay here so I could monitor him. That’s all.” said John, not looking up.
Sherlock beamed at him, “It was clever of you to figure that out. Now I believe he chose something more personal to him and I, something from the time we first met. What brought us together were stories. Most of them were… the Grimm Brothers' stories.”
*********
“No hospital, please, and no nothing more. I’ll get through it. We should go to a room for the IV...Mike, you are friends with John…”
When John saw him, his heart skipped a beat; gone was the junkie, the waif that had been sharing his life with John. A man stood in his place, one with curls perfectly tamed, in an obviously bespoke black suit, a slim fitting, deep red shirt, with one top button open that showcased a long, creamy looking neck. When their eyes briefly met, the side of him that had been subdued since he had been incapacitated twitched back to life and, oh, wasn’t that a revelation?
D.I. Harris took the lead and went straight to Sherlock. “Ah, Edward, did the doctor finally arrive? And does he seem at least minimally competent?” he asked, not bothering to look up.
Sherlock entered G R I M M and the box opened. Inside he found a saddle blanket enveloping … “John,” he called.
Our heroes have a busy chapter! What has gotten into John? Oh no! Sherlock is hurt. He has to spend the night at the doctor's.  John gets a glimpse of Sherlock's life during his time...away. An old friend comes around to help Sherlock with the case! John is on it too. Together, they close the Missing Veterans Case! One more friend is invited to celebrate with them. John takes advantage of the situation and invites Sherlock for some drinks, further confusing him. Those pesky trust issues! John is determined to find ways to mend what was broken, some cycling, or some crepes might just be the icebreaker!
The conversation stuck in John’s head all day. He decided to take a break between shifts for dinner, and went to the Yard. Donovan found him talking with some of the older men. “Dr. Watson. May I help you?” She asked, arms crossed.
When John saw him out, Lestrade took a good look at him, “I’m so glad he’s alright. He’s been back in London for quite a while, so when he didn’t call or come around, I got worried. Knew he was up to no good. Mad that I kicked him out, but the ‘no cases while high’ rule works well for him, you know? I’m tickled he found a friend. Let me give you my number.”
“Ahh, Sherlock, what the hell kinda question is that to ask your mate?”
“It’s coming, Mrs. Hudson. I promise you.”
When John had enough of waiting around, he decided to go over to Baker Street, in the hopes the git might be distracted by some kind of experiment. Just in case Sherlock had gone visiting his old haunts, John took his gun with him. He decided to take a chance and call Greg.
Mel Stamford came in and yelled, “Oi! the banana boat is back, let’s go!!”  Pepsi waved goodbye and Watson said, “Love you Dad, Love you Papá!!”
“Mycroft? Like Sherlock’s brother, the Iceman?”
“Much as I would like to, it’s not possible. I’m on a case that requires my attention.”
“Yes, and more. I never expected him to allow me to adopt his daughter, much less to be the one to offer it. I thought maybe he was using that to get us back together. It seems it was but part of a deeper purpose.”
“I haven’t accepted the offer, love. I had been mulling on it for some time. For me, this opportunity might have been the equivalent of an 8 of a case for you. But the board directors can verify that I have not accepted the position...”
by the wildly talented amalnahurriyeh
“It was, wasn’t it? Spectacular! Amazing!”
“Well, you could have asked me, you know. As it is, I have no problem assisting both you and ‘Edward’, whom apparently you have been working with.” That came out wrong. It sounded sort of angry...jealous.
“I won’t say no John. Don’t ask me again.”
“Yeah. Couple of years. Picked him up...uh, took him off the streets. Family issues that one. Some, uh, medical conditions; you being a doctor, I guess, is for the best.” Lestrade looked a little uncomfortable, then cleared his throat and said, “Listen, maybe we should go for a pint next week, if you’re still around.” Lestrade offered.
Back at the flat, he tried calling Sherlock. No answer. To any calls. He sent texts. Explaining. Telling him everything would remain the same. No answer. Only when he asked him if he would still pick Rosie up from school on Thursday, did he get an answer
Then John brought up the trip to Cardiff and how Rosie had liked the city. Immediately, he noticed how Sherlock stiffened up, and practically stopped looking at him. His ex’s body language now clearly signaled “stay on your side”. John noticed Sherlock’s thumb touching the tips of each finger, as if he were plucking the violin strings, his old tell.
They overslept the next morning, Sherlock hurried to the shower, to try to make it to breakfast at Mummy’s, but while he was there, John joined him, intent in showing him his dance moves, obviously in a state of undress, also insisting that he barely remembered the events of the night before and needed a redo, if Sherlock could for once forget his dislike of repeating himself. Sherlock was feeling amicable due to his brother’s wedding and happily provided an encore.
John raised an eyebrow naughtily, flipped Sherlock over and slapped his derriere. “Stay there, love, that’s a good boy,” John took the lube, heated it in his hands, used one hand to fondle his lover’s bollocks and the other to slick up his rim and play there. John moved the hand not in that play to tease his lover’s body going up and down Sherlock’s chest and belly with just the right pressure, avoiding  his cock. He inserted one more finger, moved it in and out, slowly, then rhythmically. He found Sherlock’s prostate and massaged it making the man moan. His lover started rocking back, towards the fingers, taking a hand off the railing, reaching to touch himself.
“So what did you say when you introduced them? “Harry asked.
“Was it true? You never introduced him as your partner?”
Sherlock was speaking loudly, his voice still rough and uneven, “Yes I will leave now, and no, I do not care what instructions come from ‘higher up’ because there is nothing to legally hold me back!” A somewhat muffled and hoarse voice becoming clearer, a nurse, the cute one that had made eyes at him. “...going to need someone to make sure the swelling goes down and you can breathe.”
The "E" for this chapter is very, very Explicit! Careful!
Oh for a story about Sherlock and a friend (and making John ultra trash can jealous) the oh so riveting
“Sherlock, I’m so sorry! I didn’t tell you about the offer because this between us is so new and fragile. We were supposed to be together at the conferences! You would have heard the program description; you would have heard Peters talk about the new ideas for the London area! That is what I would have considered. I would never put a job before our family! This means nothing for me compared to us!”
John laughed. “Don’t I know it. You can say we are old friends. I used to be his blogger.”
“Congratulations are in order! Adopting your little girl is a big step. How are you feeling?”
“No! It’ll be a surprise! He has no idea. John knows. He’s alright with it. He says he has a surprise for us after. Harry and Meghan are coming to see me. They’ll come a couple of days before."
“Yes, I remember. I was asked to do something with an umbrella and I found out you were the client. I’m happy you liked it. I’ve been working on it ever since.”
‘Molly, huh’, thought John. “See? That’s what happens when you don’t get it straight from the horse’s mouth.”
“Aw come on, my sweetheart, don’t be like that! Didn’t you like my little present? I kept it for you. A memento, Sherlock. For you. Because you should know when we started playing our game. Are you listening? You are eerily quiet, Sherlock, dear. Best not keep me waiting.”
John huffed. “I broke up with her the day after… she sent those texts, Sherlock. We had agreed she wouldn’t, because of Rosie. I had no other relationships after her, even she didn’t count. I did go on dates, to try to stop thinking. I hadn’t heard from you in two months, Sherlock!”
That monologue left John somewhat confused and thinking about Adler. She had contacted Sherlock at times. John knew she was living in the USA, doing what, he didn’t know.
.’ He had also been inexplicably touched when Donovan and Anderson got into a screaming match due to an issue of proper procedure, and Sherlock had said, “You may want to reconsider your choices, when ‘the Freak’s’ boyfriend treats him so much better than your own treats you.” Sally had not had any witty comebacks to that.
“Put on your robe, Meg went to get Rosie.” John said gently.
John had let Rosie persuade him to let her use his phone and text Sherlock. She had insisted that she wanted him over for Sunday dinner. She wanted pizza and chicken wings. So John had handed over the phone, as they left for the park. Sherlock came as Rosie was busy playing with her neighborhood friends. The consulting detective, as always, looked impeccable, black slacks, a gray shirt and a leather jacket. John greeted him warmly and gossiped about the children Rosie was playing with and their parents. Sherlock seemed to be trying not to laugh. He was also keeping considerable distance. So John looked him in the eyes and asked, “Sherlock, is this OK?”
The next day was an odd one for John to say the least. It started out by meeting Mike Stamford, for the first time since he had gotten the job.
Wilson looked at John, and his eyes were hard, though his expression was calm. “Good luck, doctor Watson,” he said.
“I knew you were mad when I met you. And I knew then, I wanted to be part of your life. We were in so fast, so deep… by the time we went to Buckingham Palace, by the time Adler came into the game, you were my whole world. You have always been. I’ve done so many things wrong, and it’s taken me so long to finally understand that, if I am your conductor of light, it is because you light my life up. If I am your Boswell, it is because you let me live your stories with you, if I am your soldier, it’s because I will protect you to my death, and if I am your doctor it is because  you are the one person I can not be without.
“How is it to grow up without a dad, Nyla?”
Sherlock took a deep breath and said, “John, though I am willing to go through with the dinner plans tonight, I will be going straight home afterwards. In the future, we should refrain from doing this sort of thing, since I feel it may be confusing for Watson. The reality is she has two distinct homes. It is better that these get togethers, not school or homework related, be kept sparse.”
“Yes, she truly is that and more…” Said a low, dear voice. “She was able to keep this whole project a secret from me.”
John looked at him and made a decision. He went to Molly and asked her to drive his car home. He would put Sherlock in a cab and make sure he made it to Baker Street. She gave him a knowing look and said goodbye. John got Sherlock to his feet. He was swaying, and laughing. “The party was lovely, Captain, wathn’t it? Wasn’t the danther a smash?” Once the cab came, John knew Sherlock would fall asleep, so instead of sending him off, he got in next to him. He gave the Baker Street address, but Sherlock surfaced from his slumber to say “Nope, I’ll never make it John, I’ll just be thick all over you. Just leave me here.” so John gave the driver his address which was closer. “Don’t you dare vomit on me Holmes.” Sherlock closed his eyes, but hummed.
by BakerTumblings.
Molly laughed, turned around and gave him a little kiss. “None of that sir, until you have had a proper breakfast.”
“I didn’t say anything about meeting new guy and you didn’t lose Sherlock, you left him! You had your reasons John. You were hurt today, it’s obvious, but there were reasons for you leaving! Don’t you remember? Sherlock was always working. All the time. He ignored your calls, and never answered your texts. You wouldn’t know who he was working with and where he was? Remember he even worked overnight? You constantly called Greg and had sometimes had to call half of London to find him. And when you tried to talk about it he wouldn’t, he just sulked, and if Rosie wasn’t there he would break things and yell at you!! You do remember that three night case he took? He never communicated with anyone for the duration. You were going out of your mind!! All those sleepless nights, John. It’s not as if you just up and left him! Don’t forget that!“ Molly saw John had reached for the bottle again. She had lost count. Was that drink three, or four? Bloody hell, three fourths of the bottle was already gone.
“So why haven’t you been giving me the details. Are you sick, Sherlock?”
“I know whose shoes those are. Carl Powers.The first murder I felt I had to investigate. Jim killed him. He kept those shoes, to send them to me! This is to all means, a confession.”
“Sherlock, you are more than ‘good enough’. I can think of a myriad of reasons John Watson would cherish the opportunity to rekindle what he has lost. Brother, I can’t believe I’m saying this, but, give him the opportunity to back his words up with actions. Perhaps Dr Watson realized leaving was a lapse of judgement. He might even understand words alone will not fix the rift between you. Maybe if he shows you what you mean to him, instead of saying it, you will know what you should do.”
Unfortunately for her, the desire to beat the UCL’s team, which she had been fired from, had led her to misrepresent the status of her experiment. In reality it was unstable, and she had decided to test it on the veterans, figuring they had good medical plans and could get help if things went wrong, but if she got it right, there would be money and the opportunity to shove her success in the UCL’s figurative face. Instead, the sponsor group took  the veterans' trial administration off her hands, then ordered the team  to make unsuccessful trial subjects disappear.
“No. I can’t think with you panicking next to me. I need to go alone. To think.”
“O, there you are! Good trip?” Tall bloke, late 30’s, Scottish accent, redhead, nicely kept beard.
John moved to comfort her, but Sherlock waved him away. “Lizbeth, your family is not opposed to your marriage. They don’t particularly dislike Charlie, they care more about you leaving London, when you have only just reconnected with Andrew.” Sherlock had stopped circling around and stood in front of Lizbeth
That gave John’s chest a burst of feelings unknown. He laughed. “You will invite me to dinner, Sherlock Holmes?”
“Perfectly fine,” he smiled, though his erection had flagged quite a bit. Then Sherlock started to move, exactly as if this were an experiment. John was going to say something, but then Sherlock found what he was looking for - he hit John’s prostate. John moaned loudly, “Oh please do that again!”
When they cleared the lane, the song started and there was Harry, looking stunning in her dress, but Sherlock only had eyes for John. The mad man had his full state uniform on. He was dancing in it! Dancing. John lipsang to it and had the biggest smile, his eyes had such happiness:
John and Sherlock have just had such a gleeful wedding that I cannot recommend anyone other than the great
Mycroft, Greg, Harry and Mrs. Hudson got to sign their Marriage Certificate after the grooms themselves. Claire, Kaia and Mel turned on the bubble machines and the guests cheered as Mike finally got to say “Now the Groom may kiss the Other Groom!!” and John kissed Sherlock, dipping him almost to the floor. Sherlock stood up, blushing fiercely as the singer, Quincy Rivers, announced, “ Ladies and Gentlemen, the Grooms’ Dance! Give it up for the Watson-Holmes!”
“Anything you want?” The Consulting Detective had on his cheeky smirk that said he already knew. Of course he did.
Then, ten minutes later...
“Everything!! I think I didn’t notice just how much I missed it! I loved going to my grandparents’ house. That was going back home.”
Soundtrack at
Half a decade later, the man known until then as Jim O'Doherty, found his biological father and changed his name to James Moriarty. He would later file an “artistic name”, Richard Brooks. It was under this name that a decade after meeting Sherlock, Moriarty had filled his flat with pictures and news articles about him.
John went to bring Rosie in, and then stayed right outside the door.
John ran up the stairs at Baker Street, to find a cloud of smoke in the flat. His relief at seeing Sherlock there, smoking, was such he did not even reprimand him.
Writing fan fiction is an opportunity to explore personal and shared "What ifs" with characters we know and love. I enjoy it immensely. That other people find it worthy of checking it out, reading, giving kudos and commenting, just wants to me share even more! Thank you to all the readers and commentors, you make the experience of sharing a reward in itself. The music that goes with this story can be found on the  YouTube
Watson came running back, and was grabbing at them in a hurry.
Luther took the trousers off reverently, like someone fulfilling a long held wish, like someone unwrapping a Christmas present; “Oh baby you are perfect!” He undressed much quicker.
*******
He kissed Sherlock’s lips, “This is for when we were laughing our heads off at Baker Street."
Please do not be alarmed by the "?" in the Chapter count, this story is complete. I am currently torturing my Beta about wanting shorter chapters, which means more chapters.
“I know, but remember, DI Harris had a crush on you? He went and found a bloke that looks like you!” At Sherlock’s puzzled nose crinkle, John laughed. “Never mind, love. I have the original.”
The next one is a reunion fic, with Sherlock six months back. The boys are living together, but Sherlock is Not OK. Raw, harsh and ultimately loving, this one is a classic,
“He said he knew what we were to each other the moment he saw us together. He was happy we were in therapy and working on being a family again. I made a point of sending both emails to Sherlock.”
“Why?” Lestrade was looking weary.
The music that inspires and accompanies this story can be found in the
When Sherlock said yes, John looked around and found a bottle of lotion he made use of, as Sherlock watched. Then he put his hand on him, stroking slowly and steadily first, then when he was hard as a rock, John grabbed Sherlock’s hand guiding him to hold John in the same way. Sherlock did, and he also rubbed his own cock against John’s, which accelerated both men’s pleasure. Sherlock came first, and John saw him in the throes of a passion that he, John, had provoked. Sherlock had looked magnificent, and John knew no other lover would ever compare to him, that Sherlock would always be The One for John. Then he was back chasing his own climax, after which John kissed him and couldn’t stop himself from looking at him. He did get up to find some wipes and flannels to clean them up. As he cleaned his partner, Sherlock opened his eyes, and John saw insecurity in them.
“Take these. Emergency Contraceptive. Not as good as the pill, but the best we can do to prevent pregnancy this late in the game.”
“Fuck. Yes. Gonna come. Gonna fill you up. Shit. You’re fucking perfect. Take it so good. Fuck. Sherlock. Fuck. Shit-shit-shi-!!!” John’s words bit off as he began spurting inside Sherlock. His hips continued moving, and on each outward roll come spilled out, making a mess of Sherlock’s arse and thighs and hitting the floor.
Sherlock could only stare. His brain, lacking in blood, obviously, couldn't process what was happening.
“Becca? Short for Rebecca, no doubt. Shortens it to sound younger.” he stopped, drawing in a sharp breath and looking away. “Regardless. I’ve no doubt she would say yes if you asked.”
“Have you decided on names?” the midwife’s assistant asked quietly, a cheerful smile seemingly permanently etched to her face.
John’s nose encountered the collar of Sherlock's t-shirt. He sat back, then lifted Sherlock by the shoulders. He tugged at the hem of Sherlock's shirt, drawing it up quickly.
“Upset? No. Incredibly turned on? Absolutely! I’m having a hard time reminding myself why I shouldn't just throw you on top of the bed and fuck you into the mattress right now.”
Sherlock moaned and his legs fell apart at John’s words. He didn’t have a clue how they’d wound up like this, but he would be an idiot to let the opportunity pass.
Sherlock pulled back, looking disgruntled.
John stilled for a moment, then pressed closer to Sherlock.
Sherlock frowned at him.
“John!”
Sherlock had felt another round of hormones spiking, slick trickling down his thigh as John traced over his neck with his nose, then his tongue. And then John had dropped to his knees and traced the slick up Sherlock's thigh to its source, tongue probing his entrance insistently.
“Wouldn’t you rather dance with your new friend?” he found himself asking, cringing even as the jealous words flew from his lips.
The technician stood, saying something about the obstetrician being in in a few minutes and left them alone. The sound of the door shutting seemed to restart Sherlock’s brain, and he sat up.
John arched up off the chair, his come splattering across Sherlock’s chest and abdomen as he was still knelt over John, breathing hotly in his ear. And then Sherlock was dropping down, straddling John’s leg as he began canting his hips, grinding himself desperately against John’s thigh as he breathed hotly in John’s ear, hands gripping John’s shoulders almost painfully. Before John could gather himself enough to lend a hand, Sherlock’s hips stuttered and he groaned, long and low, making John’s dick twitch and leak weakly in his lap as Sherlock’s own release soaked his thigh.Then they were both panting, boneless in the chair.
John was back before Sherlock could work himself up too much. He leaned in to kiss Sherlock, working himself fully between Sherlock’s legs and leaning forward to press Sherlock against the door again. His right hand rested against Sherlock’s neck for a moment, merely a warm presence, before it drifted down, down, down, fingertips slowly skimming Sherlock’s torso, side, outer thigh before gripping his leg and hoisting it up again, encouraging Sherlock to wrap it around his waist. His lips never left Sherlock’s, his tongue thrust between his lips to slide in and out in a mimicry of what he would soon be doing to Sherlock elsewhere.
Sherlock's eyes shot to John's. John could practically see him accessing his mind palace, digging through information he deemed useless to find the relevant details about bonding and presenting.
“Unfortunately, Moriarty did not survive the attempted arrest. We did manage to bring in several key players in his network alive, and from there it was child’s play to dismantle his little criminal enterprise. The Woman somehow managed to work out a deal with the Americans. Witness Protection.”
John groaned, then shifted forward, offering the proffered fingers to Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock latched on, tongue sliding between the digits as he sucked John's fingers deep. He laved and suckled, savoring the flavor of John and himself, eyes closing in pleasure.
“Oh, what lovely names,” the assistant cooed.
Sherlock felt the ridiculous smile return.
Sherlock was silent for so long, John thought he wasn't going to answer. Then he felt more than heard a mumbled response pressed to his neck.
Sherlock hated himself for letting the plaintive question slip out.
Omega.
John stood and headed for the door, shoulders stiff, back straight. He yanked his jacket off the coat rack and opened the door.
“That is simply not true, love.”
“Course. Of course I do. Have for so long I can’t really remember not loving you. Christ, Sherlock. I love you so much, it hurts sometimes. I don’t want anyone else. I want us to be us until we’re old and retired and die in bed of old age together. I’m not going anywhere unless you throw me out. Even then, I’d probably still trail after you like a lost puppy.” his eyes widened as he realized what he’d just said.
After a moment of silence, John sighed, then left, leaving Sherlock alone to sort through the muddle of emotions and thoughts that were plaguing him.
Sherlock remained stubbornly turned away, ignoring John as if he weren't even there. John sighed, lying down behind his Omega, reaching his arm out cautiously to wrap around his waist. When he wasn't immediately ejected from their bed, he leaned in close to press a kiss behind Sherlock’s ear, taking a moment to scent him deeply before whispering in his ear.
Sherlock was gasping in pleasure, head dropping back and eyes falling shut. He was so close. He just needed-
“I didn't want you to feel forced into this too.” He took a deep breath. “No matter what you decide, you have my support. I would love nothing more than to have a mini you running about the flat, but it's your choice. No matter what, I love you, and will be here to support you.”
Sherlock had been aware that John frequently wanked on the shower. He had just never recognized it as the opportunity that it was.
So saying, he gathered his courage, leaned forward and pressed his mouth to John's, lips resting against lips for the space of a few heartbeats.
John growled and then suddenly he was filling Sherlock, hands on his hips holding him still as he filled him completely. John began thrusting, growling a warning when Sherlock tried to rise up and look back. Sherlock dropped low again, pleasure filling his body and his chest as he realized John was being driven purely by instinct, his Alpha side taking over.
provided, wanting to be close to John (they sat closer to one another in the last few days than they ever had before), the noticeable increase in the frequency of touches Sherlock bestowed upon him-from seemingly accidental brushes of skin in passing to actually resting his head on John's shoulder while they watched a movie.
Sherlock froze. Oh God. He hadn't meant for John to find out. He squeezed his eyes shut, bracing for the inevitable rejection.
“Oh, that's it, isn't it, love?” John began to move in earnest, sliding his cock against Sherlock’s. “Wrap your legs around me, sweetheart, that's it.”
“Shouldn't you be-”
Sherlock babbled on as he tipped over the edge, his orgasm spraying ejaculate over John's hand and Sherlock's stomach even as inside his muscles began to milk John's cock.
It started with the cookies. Specifically, Mrs. Hudson’s Christmas Snowball cookies. She had left a tray of them upstairs, and John had helped himself to a few. After his second or third, Sherlock had caught himself staring. At John’s lips. At John’s bottom lip, where a just a bit of icing sugar had settled. Sherlock had found himself unable to look away as the urge to lean forward and lick the sugar from John’s lip had surged through him. It was sheer willpower that kept him in his seat. Of course, John had noticed him staring. He’d swiped the sugar away from his lip with his thumb, sucking the appendage into his mouth slightly to remove all traces of the sweet temptation. When he’d picked up his mug to sip some tea, Sherlock had finally snapped out of his trance and acted as if he hadn’t just spent the last few minutes barely holding himself back from pouncing on his flatmate and friend. John didn’t seem to have noticed anything amiss, so all was well.
John frowned. “Becca?”
“I know what you need, love.” John's low, confident voice sent a shiver snaking down Sherlock's spine.
Oh. John’s hand clenched and face grimaced as his gut tightened with realization. He had noticed when Sherlock had stopped his suppressants. Of course he had. Two days after their run in with The Woman, Sherlock's scent had started to change. It had been subtle at first, but John, ever attuned to Sherlock, had needed to clench his hands around the edge of the sink to keep from turning and pressing himself against Sherlock and scenting him when Sherlock had first entered the kitchen that morning. While John had always found Sherlock’s scent, faint though it was, pleasing, the smell of Sherlock off suppressants was incredibly arousing and, John had discovered over the next few days, addicting. He found his nostrils flaring without thought, his head turning automatically to seek out the scent whenever Sherlock was near.
was a match for the brilliant detective, physically and intellectually, and clearly Sherlock's Omega agreed.
To his credit, Mycroft only paused for a fraction of a second before answering.
“What is it, love?”
“Christ, you feel so good, sweetheart. You have been so good for me, all day.” John's lips drifted from Sherlock's lips to his jaw, then his neck, where he began nibbling and sucking. “So fucking good. For me, only me.”
John smiled as Sherlock looked up. That one had been decided after much debating at home. Sherlock had been insistent that their son would carry his father’s name, if they had a son. John hadn’t wanted his son saddled with Hamish, but in the end, had been unable to deny Sherlock this wish. When John had suggested Mycroft as a middle name (after all, if it hadn’t been for the interfering prat, they might not be here), Sherlock had been aghast. He’d refused to saddle his children with any names that stood out too much. He wanted his children to have typical “normal” names. John had been saddened to realize that Sherlock’s own experiences with bullying shaped his opinion on that matter. Mike had been nixed as not fitting with Hamish, despite John pointing out that it would be a nod to both Mike Stamford, who had introduced them, and Mycroft. In the end Michael had been chosen, and their (
Sherlock waited patiently while John replaced the plug, then let himself be dressed. He followed John from the building and leaned against him in the cab. They would be home soon.
“John. Please John!”
“Oh, love. I’m sorry. Please, tell me what I can do to help.”
John chuckled, then slid his hand down Sherlock’s leg, disentangling it and setting it down. Sherlock frowned.
John continued to lick and lave, grunting in pleasure at the delicious taste of Sherlock's slick. Soon Sherlock was begging to be filled, needing much more than John's tongue to fill the ache within.
Alpha.
They both gasped when John finally bottomed out, Sherlock tilting his head back as John pressed his face against Sherlock’s neck.
He grabbed his wallet off the nightstand and dropped a kiss to Sherlock's curls before heading out.
Sherlock nearly snorted in amusement. Mycroft was only offering him the same choices John himself had. But it seemed his Alpha balked at anyone else making such a suggestion to
John wanted to take Sherlock in his arms, to comfort and reassure him. But he wasn’t sure Sherlock would welcome him at the moment.
There was a long pause.
“You. Are. Mine.” John growled out each word in time with his thrusts. “Mine. Only. Mine. No. One. Else. Just. Me.” and then John was coming again, groaning long and deep as he buried his face against Sherlock’s sweat slicked chest.
“You want to bond with me.”
John paused for a moment when he was fully seated, taking a moment to kiss Sherlock's chest, neck, chin.
“Be what?”
Sherlock groaned as John pressed him back against the living room door. He tilted his head back, giving John easier access to his neck. He slid down the door a bit, opening his thighs, allowing John to insert his thigh between them. His hips rocked forward as John pressed against his throbbing cock, his hands reaching around to pull John closer, harder. They were both naked, having stripped one another in their eagerness to get hands and mouths on flesh. He had often fantasized about them like this, before they had become whatever it was they were.
He leaned forward, needing to kiss John. He reached his target, slipping his tongue into John's mouth as he continued to ride him, thighs spreading as he pressed his body down against John's.
John's shoulders relaxed. They still had time. Time to make sure Sherlock was safe. Gather supplies.
Sherlock smiled against John, breathing deeply and dragging in his scent. In moments, he drifted off to sleep again.
John placed his hands on Sherlock’s upper arms, looking up at him in concern.
John’s Alpha was screaming at him to mount his Omega and claim him. His own pleasure was driven ever higher at seeing Sherlock practically writhing in pleasure.
Sherlock watched from across the room as John chatted with a willowy red headed woman. He could clearly see them across the nearly empty dance floor, near the end of the bar. His stomach clenched as he saw John’s “three continents Watson” smile, the one that never failed to charm his target. They were at a bar, one that required membership and catered to a certain level of clientele that expected privacy and luxury, in that order. There had been a recent rash of break ins at client homes, which the Met had traced back to the club, but Dimmock had needed to call Sherlock in to pinpoint which of the staff were involved.
John actually seemed to relax at Mycroft’s words. He stood and made his way to the kitchen, tossing a “tea” over his shoulder as he left the brothers alone in the living room. Mycroft’s eyebrows rose, and Sherlock could no longer hold back his grin.
John held him close against his chest as they came down from the rush, licking at his neck while a low rumble of pleasure emanated from his chest. After a while, he pulled back enough to tilt them on their sides, spooning up behind Sherlock and wrapping his arm tightly across his chest, burying his face in Sherlock’s nape as they drifted off.
Sherlock had enough clarity of mind to realize their lives had just changed forever. He was now a bonded Omega. They couldn’t just change the sheets and pretend this never happened. He couldn’t help the grin that spread across his face. He was John’s Omega. But more importantly, John was
John realized Sherlock was riding high on birth hormones when the man didn’t even roll his eyes at the sappy comment. He grinned down at the Omega.
Mycroft grimaced.
Sherlock interrupted with a huff and  lifted his head from the couch, angling his head around. “What I need is to be left alone.”
John's hands tugged at Sherlock's hips and Sherlock began moving, undulating on top of John as he rode John's cock. John groaned and began kneading Sherlock's arse cheeks. Sherlock arched his neck as John continued to suck and bite, leaving a trail of red marks, some of which would no doubt bruise overnight.
Sherlock ducked his head as heat stained his cheeks. John slid his hand to Sherlock’s nape, pulling him close to rest on John’s shoulder. Once he was settled, John began rubbing slow circles across his back, occasionally running his hands down the outsides of Sherlock’s thighs. Sherlock focused on breathing, every inhale pulling John’s musky scent deep into his lungs. He let himself drift, content to simply be held by John and breath him in.
“This is perfect.” he said, drawing the Omega closer and pressing a kiss to his cheek.
“Yes. Options. My brother is not without people who care for his well being. I will not see him placed in an untenable situation because of my mistake.”
“That’s it love. You are so fucking gorgeous like this. I love you so fucking much. Gonna make you feel so good, like you made me feel so good today. You’re gonna make a mess of your stomach like I made a mess of your arse. Can you feel it leaking out all over us? Gonna smear it all over both of us, then I’m gonna smear your come all over you. You’ll be covered in come.”
John hated him for being such a terrible Omega and trapping him into a bond. And he was tired all the time. Hence, the nap on the couch.
John stepped into the room and towards the bed. Sherlock had pilfered John's bedding during the day, mixing it in with his own and the clothes he had borrowed the night before. The result was a bed piled high with pillows, blankets and clothing heaped in a jumble on the bed, with one soft duvet (Sherlock's) turned back to reveal it all. The bed smelled divinely of them, a tantalizing hint of how it would be if they actually bonded, and John allowed himself a moment to breathe it in.
Sherlock held on tight, eyes squeezed shut, a heated thrill running through his body, causing him to arch forward, rutting slightly against John. He whimpered as he felt John’s hand drift up the back of his thigh and inwards, one finger sliding between his cheeks and settling against his hole. John continued kissing him, then his hands disappeared for a moment as he squirted lube onto his fingers. His slicked up finger returned, just pressing slightly against his hole, and Sherlock heard the thunk of the lube bottle hitting the floor before John’s other hand came to toy with his nipple.
“Ha! Ha! Yes! Yes! Oooohhhh! Please! Ha! Ha! Ha!”
How could he have been so foolish as to believe this could last?
John’s words were hot against Sherlock’s ear, sending a shiver down his back that spread through his groin. The image of himself, covered in John’s come all over his back, and his own all over his front had him keening and arching deeper.
“And yourself?”
He undressed Sherlock slowly, placing soft kisses to his skin as it was revealed. Once Sherlock was nude, John guided him to the bed and laid him down. He sat on the bed, near Sherlock’s head, reaching out to comb his fingers through Sherlock’s curls. Sherlock smiled up at him dreamily.
But it seemed he wouldn't even get that opportunity. At least, not yet.
“You love me?” the words left Sherlock on a breath.
John’s job was to secure Sherlock's safety, make sure whoever had done this would not get to him. Beyond that, he needed to make sure Sherlock was stocked up on supplies: bottles of water, easy to prepare foods, emergency contraception (just in case the worst happened-if whoever did this somehow got to him, John wanted to lower their chances of impregnating Sherlock), heat aids to ease the urge to mate.
“Off, “ he commanded, helping Sherlock's shaking hands to remove shirt and bottoms. Sherlock hadn't worn pants, his skin had felt entirely too sensitive for them the night before.
“Hmmm…” Sherlock weighed the odds that this was just a one off for John against the hope that this was just the beginning of a new side of their relationship. He cleared his throat. “Perhaps next time, I can suck you off.”
“Jesus. That’s got to be uncomfortable.”
“Sherlock!” John tried and failed to keep the flood of emotions from his voice.
“How about every damn Alpha you ever come in contact with? And at least half the Betas and even some of the Omegas! Dimmock practically leaves puddles of slick wherever he stands when you’re nearby. Hell, I’m pretty sure Moriarty was only half faking the whole gay thing! And that Woman clearly wanted to be the Alpha that got to claim the great Sherlock Holmes!”
John nibbled and sucked, causing the gland to swell in anticipation of the bond bite. Sherlock was shaking with need, nearly there but unable to come yet. The position kept him on edge, at John’s mercy entirely. And then John bit down, hard, thrusting deep and shoving his knot past Sherlock’s rim. Sherlock shouted as he came suddenly, pain and pleasure mingling as John clamped down on his neck, claiming him forever as
“Yes! John!”
Now, he realized that he was romanticizing their relationship. They had never spoken about what they were doing, never defined what this new relationship was. What’s more, they hadn’t ever spoken about being exclusive. John was free to pick up women at bars if he wanted to. But Sherlock felt as though he was dying inside at the thought that John wanted to. Why wasn’t he enough? What had he done to drive John away? Just this morning, they’d slept late, and when they’d woken, John had insisted the stay in bed and snuggle awhile.
When he didn’t respond to John's question, John stepped closer. Sherlock held his breath, waiting for John's rejection. No doubt he would try to be kind, which somehow only made it worse.
Last night, he’d nearly convinced himself Sherlock didn't know what was going on. There had been a flash of vulnerable uncertainty on his face during the row they'd had (the one that sent John out for a night at the pub with Stamford). But it had disappeared as quickly as it had appeared, and Sherlock had continued to hurl invective at him until he'd finally thrown his hands up and left. After that, he'd reminded himself there was no way Sherlock Holmes of all people was unaware that he'd stopped taking his suppressants. Yes, the man could be incredibly dismissive of things he found unimportant (no matter how important they seemed to others), but seeing as how they were incredibly important in his everyday life, there was no way he'd deleted suppressants or what would happen if he stopped taking them.
John shouted Sherlock's name as he was brought over the edge, releasing a flood of semen into Sherlock.
“Let’s get you to bed.” he said, one arm around Sherlock’s waist as he helped him down the hall. He helped him get settled on the mattress, then climbed up next to him, wrapping his arms around Sherlock and tugging him to settle his head against his chest. Soon they both drifted off, with Sherlock pressing his ear to John’s chest, listening to his steady heartbeat.
“Sherlock? What's wrong, love?”
He and John had pretended to be new clients, and Sherlock had solved the case within an hour. It had been easy enough to pick out the coat check, bartender and busboy that were working as a team to swipe client cards and keys. Sherlock had texted the owner and Lestrade; the staff responsible had been taken away discretely for questioning. The owner had insisted Sherlock and John stay and enjoy drinks on the house, and they had stayed. They’d been here nearly an hour since then, and now John had wandered across the softly lit dance room to chat up some woman.
Sherlock shivered, hands clenching at John’s shoulders. He closed his eyes, replaying the previous moments in his mind, wanting to capture the feelings and sensations. He tuned back into the music, wanting to remember this song.
“I love you. Can’t believe I’ve never actually said that. Fool that I was, I thought I would scare you off.”
“Oh, John.” Sherlock’s voice was pleased. “Look at how you’re leaking. I want to taste it. But first, you have to come for me, John.” Sherlock leaned forward, so his mouth was millimeters from John’s ear. “John. Oh, John. Please, John. Ah! Ah! Ah!” Sherlock’s voice had gone from deep an teasing to high and needy.
“What's so amusing?”
John's face tightened and then closed off. “Right. Well, then, I’ll just leave you alone.”
John hadn’t meant to share the last sentiment, but he stood his ground, certain he could still pretend it was only concern for Sherlock’s safety that drove his actions.
Sometimes, he couldn’t help the ache for more. The longing to know what it would be like for John to hold his hand while they walked through the park, or for them to exchange casual kisses over breakfast, or, in this instance, to have John toy with his hair while he rested his head in John’s lap. Just that. Not as a precursor to sex; simply because Sherlock wanted to be physically close to John, and John wanted to give affection to Sherlock.
“Okay?”
Oh, this was worse than somehow not realizing he was going into heat. At least John had
Just as suddenly as he’d begun, Sherlock pulled back and stepped away several steps before turning to face John. His shoulders squared off and his chin tilted upward, but he didn’t meet John’s eyes.
“Hmm?”
“Gorgeous. Fuck. Sherlock, you are so. Fucking. Gorgeous.”
Sherlock sat up again, angling himself to better take the knot, needing it fully inside of him, locking John in him as they achieved orgasm. He caught John's eyes again, wanting to watch as pleasure overtook him
John pulled his fingers away. Sherlock let his head drop to his arms again. John returned to his examination, alternating between toying with Sherlock's rim and probing deep.
Sherlock met and held John's gaze as he reached up, wrapping arms and legs around his Alpha.
“Now, you climb into that lovely nest and make yourself comfortable. I am going to get a few supplies in here. Then you need to sleep.”
Sherlock couldn’t reply, merely whimpering and arching against John, wanting him to hurry up and start moving already. John got the hint, slowly rolling his hips against Sherlock, steadily picking up the rhythm until Sherlock was practically bouncing on his dick against the door. Sherlock’s own cock was sliding between the two of them, leaking precum across both of their stomachs. His back arched as he felt his orgasm approaching, his toes beginning to curl as his thighs tightened around John.
“Yes, love. That’s it.” John’s hand quickened and the hand pumping Sherlock’s cock, and his other hand slid further back, pressing ever so carefully against Sherlock’s perineum. “Come on baby. Come for me.”
“Well, now that’s settled, I’ve made us some breakfast. I don’t know about you, but I’ve somehow worked up an incredible appetite.” he tossed a wink over his shoulder and carried the plates to the table.
John’s eyebrows lifted and a sinful smirk curled his lips.
“Says who?!”
The silence dragged out for several minutes.
“I do. I want this. With you.”
John tensed as the reality of the situation hit him in the gut. He was standing in a coat closet, next to The World’s Only Consulting Detective, hiding from the suspect whose home office they had been searching just moments before. When they’d heard someone coming, Sherlock had shoved John into the closet and joined him, dragging the closet door mostly closed just as the office door had opened, letting in two men-the suspect and a younger man.
John was now standing inches from Sherlock, face hard, hands clenching.
Even as John finished his sentence, the music changed. Sherlock didn’t recognize the song, it was something popular, but slow. It almost had a Jazz feel to it, and was clearly a slow song. He could hear a man singing almost immediately
The sounds of John in the kitchen woke him. Early morning light slipped between the curtains, and he pulled the pillow over his head with a groan as he burrowed into the bed. Unconsciously, he tuned into the sounds of John making breakfast, the soft thud of a cupboard followed by the clank of a pan being set on the burner giving away his position in the kitchen.
Sherlock took a deep breath as cold gel was spread across his stomach. The technician shot him an apologetic smile, even as he pressed the applicator to his slightly rounded abdomen. He shifted it around a bit, staring at the monitor, before pressing a button on the keyboard, then shifted the wand again.
Sherlock stared at the t.v. screen, unseeing. He had finished his pizza and tossed his plate on the coffee table. John had put on some sort of horror film, which Sherlock had tuned out almost instantly. Instead, he was focused on the distance between himself and John. He wanted to close the gap, to reach out or lean over and create points of contact between their bodies. Specifically, he wanted to lay his head in John’s lap and have John run his fingers through his hair, but he was quite certain that was outside the bounds of their current arrangement.
John jerked awake, hand reaching for Sherlock even as he sat up and scanned the room for danger.
“No right-” John cut himself off with a choked sound, arms tightening around Sherlock. Sherlock could feel him breathing deeply for a few moments. The music carried on around them.
John exited the bathroom, humming softly. He felt more relaxed than he had in a couple of weeks. A long, hot shower, an indulgent wank, plans to cuddle on the couch and watch Bake Off…
As soon as the office door closed behind them, Sherlock burst out of the closet, pulling out his phone and texting furiously. He shot an inscrutable glance at John, then opened the door, checked to make sure the hall was clear, and motioned for John to follow. They were soon back in the main portion of the house, where the suspect was hosting a holiday party. His lover was across the room, serving appetizers to guests.
John rushed to the door, glaring down the stairs before grabbing the bags and hauling them to the table. He then turned back to the door, shutting and locking it before returning to the bags and digging through them. He pulled out a packet of medication, opening it and popping a couple of pills out of the blister packaging.
“You called Mycroft?!” Sherlock's voice was filled with disgust and betrayal.
Sherlock knew there was more.
“Okay. Okay. We can't do this.”
Sherlock pulled away slightly, still not meeting his eyes.
that must be half a meter long, and proportionately thick. And, of course, John had decided that he needed to sit across from Sherlock in his chair and lick and suck this, this, this-ludicrous candy confection!
“Please?”
“You were so good for me today, love. Let me use you and fuck you and fill you.” John’s fingers drifted from Sherlock’s curls across his cheek, thumb stroking Sherlock’s lush lower lip. “You gave yourself to me over and over and now it’s time for me to give you what you need.” Sherlock moaned, his lips parting so his tongue could taste John’s thumb. John pressed his thumb in, breath quickening as he watched Sherlock’s eyes close in bliss as he sucked John’s thumb, tongue swirling around it as he drew it in.
Sherlock pulled back, clearly intending to flee. John's hand snapped out, grasping Sherlock's wrist and dragging him back before rolling both of them so Sherlock was pinned beneath him.
Sherlock’s eyes popped open at the endearment.
He tilted his chin, deigning to look John in the eye as he searched his face for any hint that John was trifling with him. John was sure his desire and devotion were etched into his face, blazing from his eyes. He held nothing back, finally able to show Sherlock the truth of his feelings.
“Options?” John’s voice was a growl.
Sherlock was about to come in his pants like some virginal teenager (not entirely far from the truth of his situation, but still, he’d like to believe he could maintain some semblance of control over his transport). The problem was, John had come home from the office with a candy cane. Only, it wasn’t
John nodded.
“Someone tampered with your suppressants! The only possible reason for someone to do that is because they want to catch you unaware and have you! I won’t let them!”
John risked a glance at Sherlock. Sherlock was standing still as a statue next to John, staring at him. When John’s eyes met his, Sherlock inhaled sharply and his eyes dropped, clearly taking in the outline of John’s erection in the dim lighting before his attention snapped back to John’s face. Sherlock’s brow knit and his lips turned down at the edges.
“I will happily spend your heat with you. But are you sure it's what you want?”
John tilted Sherlock's head so he was holding his gaze.
“Sherlock.” John's voice was soft. “Look at me, sweetheart.”
“Katherine Louise,” Sherlock said, quiet but certain. John felt his eyes mist. They had discussed names, of course, but he’d never really expected Sherlock to choose something so sentimental as naming their daughter after John’s mother and their wonderful landlady, who was currently like a mother to the both of them. “And Hamish Michael.”
John's Alpha side was chomping at the bit, urging him to hurry home, to scent their Omega, to claim him before anyone else could. But John resisted. Sherlock wasn't his. He hadn't chosen to go into heat. He didn't want to be claimed by John.
*********
“Well her ringtone is still the same.” Huffed John
“It’s not on the papers, Little Bee. So it can’t be used officially” said Sherlock.
When the song finished the auditorium erupted in applause, the crowd giving Rosie a standing ovation. Sherlock remained immobile, shaking, until John nudged him “Go to her.” He snapped into action, flew to the stage and fell to his knees with his arms around his“Little Bee”. He was a shaking, leaking mess and Rosie broke into sobs kissing his hair. John came to the rescue, with a bouquet of yellow roses for her and good old Bee. He hugged them both, helped Sherlock off the floor and got him off stage so Rosie could take a bow. Molly had a bottle of water for him.
“Yes, Captain.” Sherlock whispered already with a dazed look on his face.
“In this too, you may find me of some assistance, Sherlock. Don’t give up hope.” Dr. Quentin smiled.
I thank my two talented, loyal wonderfully supportive betas,
Molly walked over to the computer and turned it off. “Now who is stuck in the bloody past! If you are going to be a nuisance, you can go back to the Yard. Donovan is your buddy, let her get you coffee!!”
Sherlock got up, put his dressing gown on and brushed his teeth. He got to the kitchen all bed headed, in time for Charlie to teach him how to season and bread the chicken strips and the secrets of her excellent buttermilk waffles, as Rosie and Nyla took turns filming it on Rosie’s computer.
They talked about things big and small, until Sherlock fell asleep. John stayed next to him, thinking about people talking, and how he felt about that, and how he felt for this genius, gorgeous, odd man. Had he ever felt like this before about anyone? Could he feel this for Sarah? He knew the answer was no. So, was he bi? He would have never thought it, but Sherlock in that suit, whoa! At some point, he fell asleep, Sherlock’s hand in his.
“Has he complained?” asked Beverly.
So Rosie had her tips evened out, and Sherlock went with a short haircut. Rosie, loved it, even though he didn’t send the picture to John.
“That doesn’t quite explain our Christmas present, now does it Gregory?" to that, Lestrade seemed to have no answer.
playlist on YouTube
“Hey! Are you alright?”
“Yes! NO! I don’t know! I don’t know, John! I hate not knowing. Only you can do this to me! YOU!! You were the one who left, who “Couldn’t take it” anymore, and I had to accept, had to learn to live with it! Now you’re saying it wasn’t what you really felt, and you want me again and I don’t know how to do this! I don’t want to be trembling and insecure. I don’t want you to leave. I don’t want you in my flat! I’m a bloody MESS!!" He pulled at his hair and paced around as he talked/yelled. When he stopped, he had his back towards John, one hand on his hip, the other rubbing his forehead.
All my gratitude and love to my dearests
As the next couple of days went by, a new word was added to the flat’s vocabulary; “Bored!”. Sherlock had run out of cold cases, Lestrade was out of town with his kids, and the genius had already experimented with spices, cleaning detergent and different kinds of tobacco products to produce numerous types of ash, while John kept up as many locum hours as he could.
on YouTube
Sherlock now turned his attention to the card. Which really wasn’t a card at all, but a letter. After opening it carefully, using gloves and a letter opener, he was relieved to find only a piece of paper. It read;
“John was distraught because of the abandonment? He wanted his wife back?” asked Dr. Quentin.
“Was he hostile? Did he respond with anger?”
‘Yes!’ She thought, ‘they made up after that horrible fight!! They actually made up! Now we get to go on a trip! Where are we going? Too cold for Brighton, maybe Sussex? To see the grandparents?’ She was so happy, she wanted John to tell her all about the making up and if they were going back home when they came back. But it was supposed to be a surprise, so she kept quiet, with some difficulty.
“How do you know that!” John demanded. “And who are you?”
*******
John got up, took her face in his hands, kissed her cheek and hugged her. “I need you to come to the school Summer concert this Saturday, Mrs Hudson. Rosie will perform her solo. It’s a surprise for Sherlock, and things will probably be emotional, hopefully in a good way. Oh, while I wash up, take a look. I’ve been drawing these.” He handed her his phone.
“Hello Sherlock! Great to see you!” The young man said.
“Very well, you in the middle…” said Sherlock.
-I’m getting a cab now.
John looked up he saw Sherlock, watching him with such longing in his eyes and his breath hitching, and saw his own desire, badly concealed throughout the night, staring back at him. So even though John knew better, he knew he shouldn’t; he had walked out, he didn’t want this anymore, he even had a girlfriend now, but this...Sherlock was here, looking at him like this and John, he, he couldn’t see anything beyond the verdigris of his eyes and he wanted him so bad. John got up and went to him, where he was sitting, taking his head in his hands, brushing those soft, thick curls out of the way, pulling him to give him a kiss, that was not soft and tender. It was urgent, and hungry and wanting. Nobody, nobody had lips like Sherlock, and John licked, and sucked and kissed them like today was all they had. Then he pushed Sherlock’s head back and attacked his neck, and oh hadn’t John missed this long, creamy, vibrant neck now breaking out in goosebumps as John continued licking its length with a broad tongue, then sucking a mark on it, as Sherlock made the most delicious sounds, his fingers, like small embers, lighting up John’s skin, plucking his shirt out of his trousers. Sherlock was hard already, god, the man was so gorgeous. Sherlock tasted of whisky and cigarettes and sweat, reaching for John’s zipper, his strong hands all over John’s body, practically whimpering. “Bedroom.” John said. Sherlock stood, and caught John’s face in his hands, kissed him. “John, oh John”
Sherlock turned and looked at Hal. The dancer was looking at him, looking at his lips. The younger man put a finger on Sherlock’s hand that was  holding a glass. Hal stroked Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock froze.
“Hi sweetheart! Sorry I’m late! I came as soon as I could! Too bad some people do not have the courtesy to answer my texts.” Said John, not acknowledging Sherlock.
“The thing is, Sherlock had been very busy with work on his off days, so it’s hard for us to get together. Rosie does seem to want both of us with her. She constantly takes my phone to contact him.”
“Well, your omitting the truth in this case did nothing for us. I did not deserve to be put in the situation I went through. You say you will not take the job. I said, when we first agreed to try again, I would believe your word. But I’m going home. Now.”
-Will you go with Watson to Harry’s? SH
While John waited, a beautiful woman with a phone came to stand in front of him, “John Watson, here for Sherlock Holmes. Follow me please.”
“Are you alright, baby? Enjoyed yourself? I’ll be in London for a while still and I would love to see some more of you…”
I played with her, bathed her, soothed her, made her sodding baby food from scratch! I took care of her at night when she was teething and you had no patience left for anything!  Mind you I had to learn as I did it, read up while she napped, while I was on public transportation. I was just as much a bloody mess as you were, a recovering addict, I had cravings and cramps, I was sick to my stomach, I was a wretched, trembling mess, and guilty for her being in that predicament in the first place, but I took my vow to her seriously and I alway have!”
“Lestrade is not embarrassed about being with Mycroft….” Sherlock suddenly looked and sounded angry. “... He took his sons out with them so Mycroft could get to know  them…” Sherlock lifted his chin defiantly, “... His ex-wife knows. Tara knew from the beginning. Of course, my parents are over the moon. He hasn’t told you, because he is well aware you and my brother are not exactly in each other’s fan club.”
Throughout the sessions, Sherlock talked about John; their initial meeting, their easy, incredible friendship, the perfect way they worked together. They talked about their relationship, and the breakup. Dr Quentin focused on some of John’s behaviors to let Sherlock see that John had also at times used ineffective and unkind behaviours. From the first session, Dr Q had asked Sherlock what made him happy. Sherlock had had to admit that first time that he did not know. He liked that Dr.Quentin said happy meant the little things, the sight of Watson’s smile, the smell of Mrs Hudson’s cinnamon buns, a drink of good rum by the fire with - his brother. Sherlock liked his assignment. To make a chart with some of these little things. Dr Quentin also gave Sherlock the task to go back to what he liked most of his work, and to pick two activities he fancied and start engaging in them. They were to be things Sherlock had not done with John.
“Sherlock!!” Laughed John “Thank you, love. This is by far the most selfless, considerate gift I have ever received. I am not going to be able to compete.”
“Beverly, I’ve been thinking. I’ve been doing this wrong. I walked out on Sherlock, because that is what I do. When I get angry, instead of dealing with the real trouble, I walk. This time I left him. I am as much to blame as he, or more, for the troubles we’ve had. Now, I miss him terribly, I know I’m the one who ended it and it’s too late for us to be what we were, I messed that up, but maybe, we can get along well enough to raise Rosie between us. I need to be able to communicate with him, Beverly. I want you to help me stop running away.”
the playlist on YouTube.
Therefore, he was surprised and quite happy to see Wiggins, coming in as if time hadn’t passed,
As always, find the music at
“NOOOOO!!” Said Sherlock, who in his hurry to get up, got tangled in the sheets and fell off the bed. “Please John, don’t!!”
They addressed communication skills, how Sherlock used vocabulary and grammar as armours, and could be very precise and hurtful when he had time to prepare what to say. However, he could experience verbal shutdowns when confronted with unexpected emotions or arguments. Doctor Quentin recommended that Sherlock be more open with the people in his life and let them know this happened to him, so when they experienced it, they did not think of his silence as Sherlock being dismissive, but of needing some time to regain his words.
Sherlock was living his days in absolute terror. He couldn’t eat, he couldn’t sleep, his skin was driving him crazy. He could not go on without Rosie in his life. Simply couldn’t. He had been able to turn on the act, and take care of Watson, see that she took her medicine, that she didn’t have a fever, they played cards and watched TV.  He let Mrs. Hudson do the cooking and went through the motions of their weekends together, thankfully scaled down because she was sick, and so sad.
As a response, John walked to him,  placed his hand on his neck and pulled him down to kiss him. “Oh, you *magnificent bastard, you wore those jeans on purpose!”
-It’s fine if you are busy. It was an idea. SH
Greg now looked down at Sherlock, cheeks flushed; “What are you on about?” Lestrade asked, but his eyes said he knew it well.
“Yes! Very much so. As was Mrs. Hudson, and my parents. Even Mycroft and Lestrade. John waited quite a while to tell you. Even more to tell any of his friends other than Mike, and maybe that was because he is my friend as well.” Sherlock talked without meeting her eyes.
Sherlock had made up his mind to visit Rosie’s school, interview her teachers and access her student account the next day. However, Donovan appeared at his door the next morning with news that three more homeless men were reported missing. These men were again younger than the initial veterans and apparently drug addicts. Sherlock and Stewart looked for them, found one dead and two barely alive. Sherlock worked their blood samples and interviewed some of his homeless network, to piece the story together.
“Let me introduce you to the forensic. She’s been friends with him for a while. I think I heard her mention he was coming around today. I believe she’s let him work in the morgue after hours.”
“So what is it now?”
“It’s alright, John. Better here, than at your local. Do you want tea?” she asked, already pouring.
********
Sherlock gave him a funny little look. “Oh, this was before you left.”
-I’ve been so lonely missing you and all those naughty, naughty things you like to do to me. You know I love it when you...
by XistentialAngst. The boys each think they are the best at sex. They conduct an experiment. This story is soo good! Yes lots of hot sex, but also surprisingly tender and loving.
“Hey Holmes, have you eaten? I bring the gift of bad coffee and excellent donuts.”
“Geez, if it were me and Meghan, I would take it to mean she came to her senses and remembered she loves me. I would have thought she came back because she means to stay back.”
It remained on Christmas morning, bringing delight to the Holmes parents, Mummy already planning to work with “that lovely girl, Meghan” to get the wedding together, despite Sherlock’s protests that “We will just have the ceremony at home, Mummy.” Rosie was beside herself, calling all her friends, therefore, letting Mike Stamford and the Woods know. Mrs. Hudson and the girls were invited to breakfast, and Greg and Mycroft joined them via video conference from their secret location. “Congratulations are due brother dear. Or should I say, long overdue.” “How did you...” started John. “When one has superior deductive skills, one is able to anticipate the moves of ehm, typical people.” “Oh, come off it, Myc!” laughed Greg, “The Rose called us, gave us a heads up.”
“It was a lifetime ago and we were different people then. I was a twenty year old junkie, sprouting out a deduction when I was sober, and thrown in jail when I wasn’t, which was often. You told me to be sober in order for you to listen to me, and then I was. Remember you used to feed me and  let me kip on your sofa?”
“And what did you feel about that”
“Have you forgotten who you are talking to? I believe in concluding what I begin, not running away from it when it becomes challenging. Furthermore, you have made your discontent with my work habits extensively clear. They are not of your concern anymore.”
“I have no intentions of stopping him from seeing my child, Mycroft.  He hasn’t communicated with me for a long time. I just want to know that he is alright”
“Yeah some, also about you. Mostly though nowadays, how to get through boring social gatherings, and where Mummy keeps the good liquor. Also how to be in Daddy’s good graces.”
“Thank you John. Sorry about that…” he said, waving a hand towards the bathroom. “I’ll just let myself out”
“What has happened, brother? You have been doing so well for so long.”
When the boy struggled at that and the man behind them succeeded in taking down the boy’s jeans, John ran towards them, raising his cane in his hand and jabbing the man on the back, hard. The man screamed, and let go of the boy, while the other two came to his aid. For a moment, John thought the would-be victim had run off, but he had just taken a moment to pick up his trousers.
********
-Yes, sir, it is lunchtime. We have a lunch date, forgot?
When John came to 221B’s door he had maneuvered two used Fuji Sunrise Shimano bikes, two helmets and one backpack on the tube. His prize was to see Sherlock come downstairs in new, skin tight cycling clothes. Bottoms down to his knees, black with blue lining that matched the color of his eyes, a matching jacket and a white t-shirt. The black trainers were new, too. The git. John stared appreciatively.
“Yes I did. I’ve seen how worried you both have been about not ‘really’ being father and daughter. You were scared you didn’t have rights, that Rosie could be taken away. She was terrified when we were travelling to Cardiff. She was screaming ‘He’s taking me away from my dad!’ I knew you both deserved peace of mind.”
At the moment, Sherlock held one in his hand. Captain Watson in full military regalia. His mouth was slightly opened and there was colour on his cheeks. Was he breathing?
Sherlock found a lady friend of Michael Garland, one of the researchers. He went to her job, and on her break, treated her to lunch, telling her that there was probably someone from the group involved in criminal activity. The girl, Nancy, opened up to Sherlock, about a fellow researcher of Michael’s, a talented young woman named Lauren Farris,  who had actively flirted with him, to get his notes on the tests, copying them to add to her own. The woman had a side experiment, she believed the medicines in the trials could be used for many diseases more than the two that were being tried. She had been pushing the idea of manipulating the subjects’ immune system as necessary, working at a molecular level to eliminate proteins that caused healthy cell death.
It's orphaned, but it is one of the first fics I read and boy did it make an impression!
In the end, a couple of days later, John had to content himself with Sherlock undercover as a passenger, to observe people who might engage officer Nelson. His presence paid off, as from his seat at the front of the bus, he was able to deduce who the criminal was as soon as he boarded the bus. He texted John, who was with Donovan at the yard. They went directly to the stop that had the sudden curve. Just as described, the ex bus driver came on the bus, wearing his old uniform, and struck up a conversation with Nelson. Stewart, disguised as a college student, playing with his phone, recorded the proceedings. Sherlock, in jeans and a checkered shirt, pretended to read the paper.
“Hi there. You have been… impossible to reach.” The object of his discomfort stood next to the front door, in khaki trousers and a light, checkered short sleeve shirt. Arms crossed, expression calm.
“John, please!!” Sherlock whinged.
*******
*********
“Do you smell any alcohol, John? He sounds drunk and is swaying, but I don’t smell it.” Sherlock said, as he looked around the small alcove.
Something has to be done, thought John, as he agreed to yet another home improvement task, he is not eating or sleeping until he uncovers this.
“A little not good. And what John did, not telling you about the offer, was a little not good also, but he wasn’t responsible for the actions of that horrible doctor, love. You weren’t either. Don’t throw away your chance with John, now that you are both actually working for it so well.”
John heard him before he saw him. This time it was the Consulting Detective in action, genius, proud and posh.
“I am certain. He is too. We can make it work this time.” Mrs Hudson could say no more, and hugged him, for a long time. Then she let go, went to John, who was talking with Kailia, and hugged him hard, also.
“Shut up, just shhh.” Sherlock started rocking upwards, a pained expression on his beautiful face. John adjusted his position, and at Sherlock’s next shallow thrust, he yelped, having found what he was looking for, and did it again, and again. His cock hardened fast, and finally, John started moving. Sherlock started moaning in earnest, his arms flailing, his hand grabbing on to his curls. his voice went high, his eyes unfocused. “John! Oh mon Dieu!” “père tout-puissant!” “Harder!, harder!” It was all so arousing, John couldn’t think, he instinctively slowed down some, and held Sherlock’s arms down a bit, applying some pressure, letting him catch his breath.
“Sherlock said he had met you…,” John said, his tiny rage smile on.
As a response, Sherlock smiled, kissed Mrs. Hudson and was off upstairs, to change for his date. John picked up the mess of papers, and looked for a place to put the files.
“Are you alright, love?” he asked when Sherlock emerged in clean clothes and smelling fresh, to get in bed next to him.
John came out of the tedious luncheon as soon as he could. He went back to the room, thinking maybe Sherlock was there, but he wasn’t. John changed into less formal clothing and texted him. He was at the buffet closest to the far side of the pool, where there were less families around. John hurried over, to find Sherlock was not alone.
-If convenient. SH
“I still see some doubt in your eyes. Not an easy get together?”
The doctor and Sherlock had completely opposing views, and Sherlock could not help deducing the older man’s reasons, and the older man’s obvious pride of his position and happy to lord it over Sherlock. The detective not only provided plenty of proof to support his point of view in an impressively scientific manner, he also threw in some eye opening deductions. The doctor decided the best tactic was retreat.
“Yes, dear. I’ll stay with her.” She helped Rosie take her bee and her blanket and they left.
They got to the bedroom and naked in record time. Luther pulled the covers off the bed and got the lube.
“I wish Watson could see this” Said Sherlock to John who had the camera. They had taken the first bus out, and Sherlock had been thrilled that a pack of wolves were in plain sight. He was now laying on the floor with binoculars, as John took pictures. “She’s fine with Harry, love, and that gives her a break from London, a fresh perspective” </
The first thing John noticed was that the 17th step did not creek anymore. Sherlock opened the door and stepped back again, his body slightly swaying, his fingers playing the tambourine on his leg.
“I just don’t want you hurt, you sod.”
********
“I’m your friend too, Sherlock. Remember that. More relevantly right now, I’m your doctor. What happens here and what we discuss, is private. Are you planning on going back to Baker Street?” Mike asked as he busied himself with some preparations.
Sherlock disengaged and got up on wobbly legs to get flannels to clean John up. He also gave him a glass of water and then covered him with the comforter. He took a long time in the shower. John started to get worried.
“You think everything is fake?” asked Lestrade.
She was trying to contain a smile; “Oh yes there is, you poor bastard. Look up now, pay attention.”
“Dinner?" asked John.
Sherlock stepped away from the music to have a forbidden cigarette. He saw another smoker, and was about to move away, but:
“Also, this time around, I notice John is very open about our status. He holds my hand, even kisses me in public and promptly introduces me as his “life partner” to acquaintances, old and new, even though we are not living in the same place.”
That Sherlock said that, aloud and so transparently stated hurt John’s heart. He couldn’t answer. He just breathed. Of course, they were not just friends. But Sherlock was so careful these days, so reserved. If John asked him to give their relationship one more try now, he would just say no. So John was going back to the start, trying to find a way to deserve him.
John wanted to tear his hair out, “Molly, can you bloody focus, here! I have lost Sherlock to an ebony god and you want to meet him!” Drink.
He looked at John’s phone. It was Gianna. Greeting him oh so sweetly
Mrs. Hudson sighed. She had noticed Sherlock’s tells. Something had seriously upset him since the night he went out for SI Lestrade’s party. She heard him come home late morning the next day. Mrs. H knew where he had been. Only one possibility, really. She didn’t think her Sherlock would ever be able to say “no” to John. She was worried. Most often than not, when she took his tea up, she found no discarded take-out, no evidence of having prepared anything for himself. He was losing weight. She wondered if she should tell Greg.
“Beverly, my therapist, told me to come here. To come and talk as if you could hear. To talk to you. So I will, because I am working on being a better me, for myself and for the ones I love. But don’t think, for one minute, that i actually wanted to come, or that I would ever want to see you again, here or in any version of an afterlife. I came because I’m working on myself. For me and for my family. You hear that you bastard? Family. I do have one. You know I listened to you wish that you didn’t, that you could run away. All. The. Time. That’s what you did, you left to go get drunk. Leaving us with mom, who took her anger and anxiety out on us too.
“Was she alright? Do you think she is having trouble with Wiggins already?” John worried.
“Starving, but will you tell me how you know I’m a Captain?”
“Well, Rosie would stay overnight, she could be at Mrs Hudson’s until he gets home. He usually answers texts with Rosie’s name in them. I wonder what is going on?” John asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, I’m not doubtful of either of our intentions. I am merely a bit disappointed. I was ready to make a rather grandiose gesture of asking John to come home after my brother’s wedding. However, due to a conference, John won’t be there. I guess I will just ask him once we are both back to London. There is no way I would want to travel in a week, if they have just moved back home.”
“Fine by me s’longs they have sake.” he smiled.
******
“It’s just that you already reminded me of my husband. This is rather much though!” The man had a beautiful smile.
The minister gave a non-secular sermon about the joys and responsibilities of matrimony. He spoke clearly and was jovial and concise. Greg’s vows were spoken in his clear, friendly voice, promising to take care of his husband, let him bounce ideas off him and follow him to the ends of the Earth. Mycroft got surprisingly sentimental and vowed not to let his husband doubt how much he had changed his life and would never leave him behind because of work.
John was waiting for Sherlock who had finished talking with the art teacher. He saw the upper grades soccer coach march past him and go directly to grab Sherlock by the lapels of his coat and pull him off the ground. John got up immediately and hurried towards them, as Gianna hurriedly took Rosie away.
“Feel free to take your time browsing about. All of those are things that interest me personally. The insects were a gift from a patient turned friend.  Coffee, or tea?”
“My fingers are inside you, Sherlock.” Teased John, who knew Sherlock avoided cursing and used to complain about John’s dirty mouth.
John took the phone, expecting a text from Sherlock, telling him he had gone to Donovan’s. When he opened it up, and saw the pictures instead, it seemed like all the air in the room had been sucked out. No! This was not what was supposed to have happened. Bloody woman! She knew his child, they had talked about saucy texts and photos, she wasn’t supposed to text them! And he, he had just cheated, hadn’t he? On her? On him? Oh God no! Sherlock ran away thinking the woman meant something. John realized now that she didn’t.
At that, Sherlock got up, put on his robe, and went to the kitchen. John heard a “Yes!” He heard Sherlock moving about and got up and dressed to find him putting the kettle on. “Not just our refrigerator, John. Look!” He pointed at the oven, then went to the fridge and took out the makings of a salad. “Shepherd's Pie!” John found some red wine and they had dinner. Sherlock found her bread and butter pudding, so they also had dessert. Then they each showered,  dressed and went out, to walk around the neighborhood, in the warm evening.
“Yeah, there’s that.” said Charlie, looking none too happy about it.
“You mean me saying ‘oh my god’ in other languages?”
-Hey! Not there. I didn’t stay either. Just took a moment to finish a bit of business.
“You still feel him as ‘home’ and ‘love’.  What do you think about his feelings?”
“Your specialist is Sherlock Holmes.” said John, looking at the detective, crouched down, Belfast dragging on the already dusty, sparse grass at that side of the park, his curls all flying around in the wind, no gloves today.
When he came back to camp, tired, sweaty and happy, from their first training, he found this:
“Please! Look at him! Italian leather shoes, authentic. Look at his watch, that is a Jaeger-LeCoultre. The slight discoloration on his fourth finger says he was married, the circle on his upper pocket tells you he put the ring away to spare someone from seeing it. The box in his pocket is consistent with a box from a jeweler’s shop. The man had a lover, he was on his way to see her, why would he kill himself, when he was on top of the world?” Sherlock said, and incredulous look on his face.
“Oh, I might have brought toys with me. To use. We can do it tonight, I would like to top, and use the toy on you. I would love to hear your howl.”
*********
“I would think I remember most of it. After invoking your deities I screamed your name until you put your fingers in my mouth...and then everything went blank.”
“That’s great, baby. I’ll look for you next week then.” Smiled the man.
also a talented author,  and the best friends fandom can offer! As always, these two talents are not responsible for the errors I incur in after they have given their seal of approval, and I decide to make last minute changes! This is the next to last chapter! I rearranged things so they would not be too long. Hope you enjoy!
Sherlock looked at him, open mouthed. He could only say, “John!”
“John, is Watson alright? Should I go get her?”
Later that night, Sherlock texted John.
Little bit not good, that idea. Their dates rarely ended up in bed. They sat together on John’s sofa, more often on a spread blanket on the floor, with the sofa as a back rest. There were cuddles and there was snogging. The few times they had started to go further, Sherlock would tense up, and allow John to retreat. Their encounter at the Yard had been an exception. Sherlock was cautious and John could tell he held back as much as he could. He rarely stayed over, and even if they started the night sleeping together on the air mattress, Sherlock was either asleep in the chair in Rosie’s room or most likely gone in the morning. His conversation with Greg came back to him. No. A job outside of London was out of the question. Though maybe, he could convince the group to bring the project to London too.
Sherlock gave him an odd, distrusting look. “It was a bubble machine, John. That’s what it does.”
“Tonight, I’m singing
“Being a grown-up is horrid. When I fight with Nyla, we can get so angry and scream, but the next day, we talk again and it’s done. Pepsi doesn’t even fight, she just sighs, rolls her eyes and needs some “space”. Sometimes she goes and sits to lunch with someone else. I hate that, but the next day, we talk and we’re ok. You guys separated almost a year ago, and are still sorting it out. Dad loves you Sherlock. He got drunk at Molly’s when you left with Luther. They thought I didn’t notice or understand but I did. I felt a tiny bit mad at you.” Rosie got up and went to brush her teeth, leaving Sherlock to blink the new information in.
Neither man dared look at the other for a long time. Sitting with their silence between them. John noticed Sherlock’s tells, the bouncing leg, the drumming fingers, the little head tics...not good.
For that, I have to thank Sherlock Holmes. I’m a graduate of his Homeless Network.”  People laughed, but Bill remained serious. “No, it’s true. I didn’t ever aspire to anything much, even though Sherlock saw something in me other than my ability to mix chemicals, and let me hang around him. A little too much, it seems since I ended up with him in Dr. Watson’s car, as he irradiated fury, and ended up at Barts. Now I’m not going into detail, let’s just say that for ‘reasons’ I saw the most astounding thing of my life that day, and it was Dr. Hooper slap the lights out of Sherlock. Things happened to me right then, that hadn’t in a while. I wanted her to slap me.”
“Where is he really? Away on a case?” John asked, trying to appear casual.
Sherlock’s nerves got the best of him and he blurted out; “Is it being unfaithful to go with you, if I am broken up from my partner? His hands were slightly unsteady.
“To starting anew, Dearest one.” Sherlock proclaimed, with a rough voice. They drank. John came closer to Sherlock and put an arm around his waist. “What do you need now, love? We can do whatever you want.”
Watson stepped up to the microphone, tapped it and blew into it to check sound. She quieted herself. Stood up straight, took a deep breath, and opened her eyes.
That was Luther. Luther was in his home, with his man. “It was a good place with a lovely view, Iyanna, I’m happy you are going to France. I believe you would also enjoy Portugal, Spain and Italy. They would fulfill your love of romance.”
“Oh, innumerable,” said Sherlock. They were still dressed, John, relaxed in his chair, in a soft blue jumper Sherlock had given him a couple of years ago, that always made Sherlock look into his eyes. Sherlock, head on the back of his own chair, legs splayed out, had taken off his jacket, leaving his black pants, and the red shirt Rosie had insisted he wear.
********
“I must tend to the same health issues that got me suspended.”
Sherlock followed suit soon after. John heard him on the stairs, his feet quiet. “May I come in, or does choosing this room mean I’ve done something not good and you want to be alone?”
-Hey! Hi!! How have you been? This for a case? Married/ divorced, committed relationship/ broken up.
(See the end of the chapter for
-Sorry, timing a little not good. I’m with a friend.
“You are jealous of the time she’s been spending with the boy. He’s good, he told her he wants to learn the idioms so he doesn’t stand out that much in school. Pepsi is jealous, too. You both should relax.”
John knew what was in the cards for right now: the Mother of All Domestics; “Sherlock...I want to say… I…”
In the evening there was a formal dinner, hosted by the Holmes for the guests. Sherlock kept a low profile, sitting with Harry and Meghan, avoiding most of the out-of- town Holmes’ extended family.  The following day, the wedding participants had to rehearse, while the rest of the guests enjoyed different activities at the Castle grounds. Watson’s antics, making faces at her father, throwing fake rose petals at Pepsi, and giggling inappropriately, helped him get through.
“He kept the offer to himself though. He took me to that conference and let me be humiliated because I had no idea. I wouldn’t want that to ever happen to my daughter.”
John turned and looked at him.
“John?” Sherlock looked into his eyes as John came close to kiss him. Expecting some words, for once.
Sherlock gave a small derisive snort. “Yes, a wedding, John. That’s what people do when they want the world to know they belong to one another. Now, if you’ll excuse me” he said, and he got up and walked towards where Rosie was.
“Of course I did love, we had to dance this at our wedding!"
“Hi Dad! Hi Papá! Did you like the flat, dad? Did Nana Hudson call from the spa?”
Rosie had a field trip today. They were visiting the Museum of Mathematics, an exhibition at the Science Museum, in South Kensington. Since Linda Stamford was going with the group, the girls had begged him to let her have a sleepover. It was so close to the end of the year, anyway. So this morning, John woke up at his regular time, at odd ends. As he had a cuppa, he decided to surprise Sherlock, with a ride. He took the tube, the bicycles being safely kept at 221C. He got there just in time to see Sherlock closing the door behind him.
He barely waited long enough for John to sit up before dropping to all fours, looking over his shoulder as he bent his arms and lowered his head, shaking his arse in John’s direction. He smirked as John’s eyes widened then darkened, a rumbling growl emanating from his chest as he lunged for Sherlock.
John's voice was breathless. If Sherlock didn't know better, he'd believe it was full of hope.
He drew back, heart racing, eyes wide.
He realized he’d been brought awake by the Omega, who was looking at him with  a mixture of pleading and anxiety.
Sherlock nodded eagerly. “They’re fascinating, John. And they make honey!” he beamed down at John, who was looking up at him with a familiar look. Oh. He recalled all the times he’d seen John look at him like this, eyes shining, mouth quirked, face soft. John loved him. John. Loved. Him. “I love you too!” he blurted out, realizing he hadn’t returned the words.
“Oh, God! John, John, JOOOOHHHNNN!”
Sherlock nodded. A wide grin split John’s face, and then he closed the distance between himself and Sherlock, pressing a quick kiss to his lips and turning back to the food he had prepared.
“Why this sudden concern with security?”
“Or?” The hand that had lifted his leg drifted inwards, fingers teasing over the rounded flesh before dipping between his cheeks, just brushing over his hole.
“Mmmm….” John rumbled, sucking just the tip of Sherlock's cock, tasting his precum.
Sherlock felt as though his chest might burst. He wanted so very much to respond to John’s words, but his throat felt as though he’d swallowed a rock. He tried to swallow around it.
Sherlock’s legs splayed open, inviting his Alpha to scent him, touch him, take him. His cock lay flat against his stomach, long, straight and pink. Omegas had no pubic hair here, and John gave an appreciative lick along Sherlock's seam, which began just behind his high, tight balls and traversed the length of his perfect pink cock.
“Sher-oh!” John’s eyes took in everything. “What's all this, then?”
John came awake as only a soldier could, instantly alert. His arms came up to wrap around Sherlock and he rolled them over, pinning Sherlock under him safely even as he scanned the room for danger. His eyes widened and his mouth dropped open as Sherlock's scent hit him.
“Oh.”
John's hand tightened around Sherlock's, and Sherlock looked up to find a grinning dumbfounded look on his mate’s face. He realized he was grinning as well, though a healthy dose of shock kept him silent.
John stopped, looking him over in concern.
Sherlock’s chest heaved as John fluttered the tip of his tongue against Sherlock's hole, the motion causing his muscles to flutter in response. John hummed in approval and Sherlock whimpered against his arms, which pillowed his head against the tiles.
“Open your legs baby.” Sherlock’s legs fell open and John slid his hands down to his thighs and spread them further. Sherlock gasped a hot breath against John’s neck as John eased the plug out. “Shhh….it's alright sweetheart. I know that didn’t feel so good. I’m gonna make it all better. Shh…”
Sherlock stared.
Sherlock suddenly grinned up at John.
Sherlock heard the underlying worry. He could practically hear the unasked question, John's actual concern: was this just the hormones talking? He forced himself to hold John’s gaze.
The smile fell from his face as he sat up, tugging at his curls even as he recalled the way things had ended the night before. John hadn’t dumped Sherlock from his lap and run away afterwards. He had held Sherlock in his arms, run his hands up and down his back, pressed kisses to his shoulder, his neck, the side of his head...then he’d pulled back with a laugh and swiped his fingers through Sherlock’s curls.
After what could have been mere moments or much longer, John stepped back. Sherlock straightened, chewing his lip as he waited for John's next move. Having no experience in this area, he was relying on John to lead him through this.
“Mmm…?”
“Well, that’s the official story,” Mycroft said with a shrug. “None of that is why I am here, however. I have come to offer my apologies and offer my support; and ensure you know that you have options.”
“What's wrong, love?”
“I would have told you if I’d realized. I didn't mean to hide it from you. I know you didn't want any of this, but I would never deliberately keep something this important from you.”
“Sherlock! I’m home. I’ve brought takeout from that Indian hole in the wall two blocks over.”
John stopped staring and moved towards the bed when a muffled sob sounded from the pillow. He approached the head of the bed, sitting carefully and reaching over to run a hand up Sherlock's back before peeking under the pillow.
“You! You made me take contraceptives! You don’t want to have a baby with me!” Sherlock’s voice hitched at the end of his declaration.
“So, it wasn’t just the high pitch.” Sherlock’s voice sounded smugly pleased. “Does it have to be vocalization? What if I were to just pant desperately in your ear?”
Now John had his face buried in Sherlock's arse. He had climbed into the shower with Sherlock and washed him up. He had spent a ridiculous amount of time lathering Sherlock's hair, leaving Sherlock practically boneless against him before soaping up his body. After he had rinsed Sherlock off, he'd begun scenting him.
“Please.” the word whispered across his lips as they sought John’s out once more.
“Yeah?”
“Up. Up. Come on!”
John’s body wracked with a shiver at the thought of Sherlock panting breathlessly in his ear. His cock began leaking against the thin material of his pajamas.
But John had made it very clear he didn’t want to breed, to make a child with Sherlock. Why would he? Sherlock was just an ex junkie sociopath who had tricked John with hormones and trapped him in a bond that he’d never shown any indication of wanting before.
John pulled his fingers out and maneuvered Sherlock over onto his back. Earlier he had removed Sherlock's trousers completely, though he had insisted Sherlock keep his shirt on as a barrier against the cold air of the morgue. John had also spread Sherlock's coat beneath him atop the cold steel table before positioning Sherlock atop it. John lifted Sherlock's left leg high, settling his knee over John's right shoulder. He pushed Sherlock's right knee out before wrapping that leg around his waist.
“God, John! Hurry up and fuck me. Fill me! I need-” Sherlock's voice cut off on a high whine as John twisted his fingers inside Sherlock and circled over his prostate.
John took it and glanced at it briefly before looking back at Sherlock.
wasn't the reason Sherlock had gone off suppressants.
“John! Yes! Yes! Oh! Joooohhhhn!”
John closed his eyes and exhaled heavily. Clearly Sherlock wanted this, wanted to make John come just by his voice alone. Who was John to deny him? John allowed the shudders of pleasure to wrack his body, giving himself over to the building tension, no longer fighting it but embracing it. His mouth dropped open and he breathed heavily, his hips shifting and his legs falling even further apart as he focused entirely on Sherlock’s voice.
“We haven't bonded,” Sherlock whispered. That seemed to shake him from his quietude, and suddenly he was glaring at John accusingly. “We have fucked countless times over the last several days. You called me pet names, took care of me as if I am precious to you, mmmmade loovve to me-”Sherlock's voice cracked and he looked away, drawing a deep breath before continuing. “And now it's over and we didn't bond. That is what these stupid tears are about!”
Sherlock woke slowly, eyes bleary in the early afternoon sunlight. He sat up, breathing slowly as a wave of nausea hit. Ugh. His stupid hormones were still toying with his transport.
Mycroft tilted his head in the slightest acknowledgement, his opinion of the doctor changing yet again as he was reminded once more why John Watson was the perfect mate for his brother.
Sherlock stared at the little stick. Two lines. Two stupid pink little lines were going to ruin everything. The lines wavered as his eyes watered.
John groaned, then leaned forward, tugging Sherlock’s leg higher before sliding his hand under his arse, lifting him slightly and pressing him harder against the door.
“Someone left several bags out on the landing while we were otherwise occupied,” Sherlock stated with a blush.
“Oh, really?” Sherlock cut John off. “ Then why haven't you?” By the end of the question, his voice was less derisive and more waveringly vulnerable. He swallowed hard and looked away.
“Bedroom?” he asked, tilting his head towards the hallway.
“Oh, really, Mycroft! Did you really think John was some Alpha knot head who was going to force me to breed whether I wished it or not?” He let his amusement show on his features, before shooting a glare at his brother. “If you truly wish to make amends for what you’ve done, you will release my trust. We will need the funds when John quits work to stay home with me and our child.”
“Regardless of the potential target,” Sh’lok said very evenly, “to depart Janus VI while knowingly leaving behind us an unapprehended murderer—indeed, a serial killer—would be deeply immoral.”
do before we break orbit, and only
Ahead of them, close enough to show a small dazzling disc, was sigma Draconis.
, John thought, heading for the turbolift.
SH’LOK
—Door swish.
“Disappeared,” Sh’lok said. “Astonishing that anything of that bulk could move so rapidly.”
It was a subdued scent, subtle, a bit dark, hard to pin down in terms of what else it was like. It reminded John a bit of the fragrance of that hot wind that had swept past them as he and Sh’lok and Lestrade had walked across the stony natural bridge to the Place of Marriage and Challenge— rich but also sharp, laden with distant complexities; alien but tantalising.
that against all odds it was
The place was quiet when John got there. Lestrade’s small intense colleague Dr. Hooper was moving from diagnostic bed to diagnostic bed, noting down readings on a padd and looking with some concern from one patient to the other. John nodded at her as he came in, and then Lestrade drew him off to one side to tell him what had been going on.
giant star. Not
Sh’lok had headed straight for the biggest and best of
Sense memory, so very sharp, of Sh’lok’s hands on John’s arse, on the fingers brushing inward…
he said.
“Yes, I know,” John said, feeling a bit sick as he considered the whole ugly situation. “You won’t extrapolate, which makes sense.”
Watson shakes his head wearily, pinches the bridge of his nose,
SH’LOK
John thought. “Sh’lok,” he said, continuing to check out the equipment, “you're in a black box tied in with light rays into a complex control panel…”
he thought. It had never occurred to him when he came here that shortly he was going to need one of those himself…
The next stop after acquiring a small collecting container was the Transporter room, and everything would have gone quite smoothly from Sh’lok’s point of view had Mrs. Hudson not been there, in company with one of the other Transporter techs, busily recalibrating the console.
He never saw the hypo that hit him in the arm from the other side. Down the man slumped, and Hudson and Lestrade caught him between them and manhandled him through the door behind him.
Sh’lok chuckled. “…Well. There are more kinds of relativity than the General one, John. Even Einstein was willing to suggest that a minute spent in the close company of a pretty girl differed considerably from a minute spent with one’s hand on a hot stove—”
him or one of his people. He spun in place, knocked the phaser out of Sh’lok’s grip, and punched him in the jaw.
“No surprise to find you’ve got one set of rules for your own people and another for everyone else. And as for the knowledge of killing,
John thought. And the hair went up on the back of his neck at the unmistakeable feeling of being watched.
“Thank you, Captain.”
John nodded. “We're aware of that. If mining conditions here weren't so difficult, Janus VI could supply the mineral needs of a thousand planets. But what happened?”
Captain John H. Watson and Mr. Sh’lok walk side by side TOWARD CAMERA: glancing
John nipped that lower lip just a little harder.
Vanderberg scowled. “’Hopefully.’ Small chance!”
There was the slightest pause, as if Sh’lok had been hoping for a change of heart. “Very well, sir,” he said then.
oneself
Is that you?”
John tensed at that. Cultural differences or not, he knew an executioner when he saw one. He had no idea what the man might be here for, but it was safe to say he didn’t care for the implications. Under the circumstances he didn’t really waste time looking over the last couple of men in the party, who carried wrapped bundles that John was beginning to doubt were wedding presents.
“And it can bear up under full phaser power,” John said.
A second after feeling it, John made a brief exasperated face at himself. He knew perfectly well that it wasn’t a good idea for a starship’s commanding officer to get too fond of the excitement that often enough broke out in the course of duty. With his advise-the-Captain hat on, Bones had more than once had occasion to warn him about the tendency.
he thought. It was at times like this that the ship’s small-town quality came out most noticeably.
“Captain,” Lestrade said, “you don’t have to tell me twice.”
John thought.
She swung herself out of the bed and over to the dispenser slot; touched controls on it. The door went up to reveal a couple of drinks in champagne-style glasses. She pulled them out and handed John one. “I heard about Bradstreet…”
“We intend no harm—” John said.
John closed the communicator and considered his options. The temptation to get out of here
John paused, then squeezed the elbow gently. “You always do that,” he murmured.
John scowled. “Then we'll take him with us.”
You told him about me?
It was probably at least a few minutes later, but seemed like just a few breaths’ time, before John heard the sound he’d been dreading: a long hoarse cry of anguish, quickly cut off.
“Exactly the point. It’ll drive ‘em crazy.”
stuck through it.
felt raw and bleeding and empty, as if some most vital part of him had been ripped out by the roots.
“Well then,” John said. “Nothing terrible’s happened, so I suppose we can safely leave the crew running things by themselves that long.”
“The creature within me is gone,” Sh’lok said promptly. “I am free of it, and the pain.”
“What?” John said.
finished it.”
The great irony at the heart of all this was that despite all Vulcan’s beauties, despite many years of life under its skies, no true desire of his heart lay on
has done.” She waved her finger over that single button, which bore signs of a fair amount of use. “When I’d kill for you,” Mary said, “people would understand what had happened. Violence. Blood. Even disintegration leaves its traces.”
At which point the face sealed so completely over into its previous imperturbable mask that John wondered whether he’d imagined what he’d seen. “Thou may’st proceed,” S’kroft said.
He put that thought aside for completion later; it wasn’t strictly helpful now. “And the third class M planet—”
Though to John it felt as if the blood was buzzing in his veins at the mere thought of what was about to happen
Sh’lok picked up the containment module and went off with Hooper to secure it for examination elsewhere in the lab. John, though, stepped away from the cubicle feeling extremely uncertain.
Yes, apparently the purity of key
“Ah, Captain. I meant to… that is, I…”
“She is T’Eyreen,” Sh’lok said. “My wife.”
nudged the control—
He needed to distract Sh’lok a little first before he looked into this any further.
Briefly John hid his eyes. “Oh God,” John said,
cool skin one last time
Sh’lok
The room is cluttered with possessions–electronics, padds, even books. A door
That was merely the top layer of questions, glittering like sunlight on the surface of the liquid rush of underlying danger. This was the very paradigm of what had taken John into Starfleet and out to space: new life. And risk, yes: but that was the price you paid for going out to meet the unknown. And in a situation like this, John paid it willingly, because it was
excitement and passion—they were worth more to John than any mere pheromonal high. And every minute more that John spent kissing and licking and stroking that handsome cock treated him to that much more of the sight of Sh’lok lying there trembling and gasping, helpless with the ecstasy of it.
sharp. And the marks and tiny notches on the blade suggested that it had seen frequent use, and had been ground down a number of times. She looked it in disquiet, turning it over and over in her hands
“Lieutenant Merivale, Captain.”
Then, Deneva. Then the theft of Sh’lok’s brain. Then Vulcan, and the Place of Marriage and Challenge, and the events that killed one of them and broke both their hearts open. And finally John’s evening visit to the shuttle bay, where he stood alone in the watching starlight and made his choice—to be someone else’s as well as his own—and moments later Sh’lok arrived to look into John’s eyes, and make that choice his own as well.
John thought.
Bones and John stared at each other. John immediately hit the comms button on the center seat’s arm. “All decks, security alert! Locate and restrain Mr. Sh’lok! He may be dangerous. Use phasers on stun if necessary—”
(scowling)
but it
Lestrade pushed Sh’lok out of the way and knelt over John’s body, pulling the
Out of the corner of her eye she saw the alarm telltale’s light go dark as the beeping stopped.
John nodded, turned to the others. “Quickly—”
“Power, Sh'lok?” The shout followed him down the corridor.
That was in a way John’s worst nightmare right now… because if
He had to let about half a half-smile out for Sh’lok to see. “…Those are pretty good odds, Mr. Sh’lok.”
John looked up in absolute wonder, shaking his head, unable to keep himself from grinning. “That,” he said, “is just
And Sh’lok braced him, laughing too, smiling down into John’s eyes as the two of them quieted.
“What is
the crystals from us, of course.” Tharn met John’s gaze with his own, held it.
of them. “Twelve hours, Captain?” he said. “That is unprecedented.”
The Vulcan chose that moment to come back in from the other lab. “Captain,” he said, “you'll need a host for the next step in the test—to determine whether the creature can be driven from a living body. I am the logical choice.”
Surely Lestrade would understand, surely despite his inevitable and understandable anger at what had happened Sh’lok could still depend on his assistance—
Also: a course is laid in for Vulcan. Then for Altair. Then for Vulcan. Then for Altair again. Miraculously, no one gets space sick.
“You'll find another Controller,” John said, walking shakily around the installation and eyeing up the equipment. It was mostly quite sleek and minimalist, and featured numerous installations of which he could make exactly nothing.
Sh’lok regarded his Captain with a sort of loaded equanimity. “Quite the contrary, Captain,” Sh’lok said. “I  had a very strong reaction. My first sight was the face of Doctor Lestrade bending over me.”
Vanderberg looked thoughtful, while behind him his men muttered agreement. “Sounds all right, if it’ll work—”
Except for the targeting, this was something John had heard from his First Officer, or gathered from him, before. What some people who knew no better would construe as a shocking lack of ambition, in Sh’lok’s case simply manifested itself as a certainty that he was already in the place where he felt sure he could do his best service, and he was content with that. “Logical, as always, Mr. Sh'lok.”
Donovan turned to her console. “Aye aye, sir.”
Captain John Watson makes a last-ditch play to free his trapped crew from the deadly schemes of the malevolent, ambitious Security Chief Anderson and get them all safely beamed back to their own
There was Lestrade. And standing by him, stiff and still and silent and wearing a dark olive-green coverall, was Sh’lok.
John thought.
process come to its logical conclusion.
No reply. “Sh’lok,” John said.
close…
There was no immediate answer… not that answers to his questions in this mode tended to come quickly. For a moment or two John felt very silly. But he couldn’t
John was in the act of pinching the bridge of his nose and thinking
John nodded. “Yes, they’re all through here, all over the place. Thousands of them.”
while he banished the holy mountain, willed John’s gingerbread-laden Denebian spy-fortalice back into place, and then trotted up the seventeen steps to put other matters to rights.
in a compromised condition.”
But just asking gave him the answer. He could feel Sh’lok’s climax beginning to coil tight in him, a molten weight of pressure and heat… yet the urge toward release was holding at that level, under restraint.
John thought,
John thought. Deneva didn’t have many cities, but the ones it had were supposedly flourishing and busy; Harry’s messages to him, until those started becoming increasingly sparse and sporadic, had been full of typical city-dweller complaints about overcrowded public transit and shopping.
To reveal a great slit-pupilled iris as palely blue as ice on a glacial lake.
Sh’lok raised his eyes and met John’s for just a moment, searching. Then he turned away, moving a short way back into the main room, and settled himself into an uncomfortable-looking sort of parade rest, hands clasped behind his back.
more.
“Yep. Going to do it some more, too,” John whispered, smiling back. “So stay with me here.”
“Yes,” Sh’lok said, and straightened. “But one last thing. If I do have a soul in here somewhere… then if anyone alive can find it, John Watson, it will be you.”
please—!
That was still the puzzler.
The creature rustled a little in place but didn’t move away, and settled again after a moment.  With an expression of intense concentration Sh’lok moved a little closer, those big long-fingered hands clasping, working against one another for a moment, then spreading a little apart in the air like sensors through which he would receive some kind of data.
Axanar”, which was perhaps not as
he thought. Because he had no data to work with. There were plenty of other male Vulcans in Starfleet. It wasn’t like he’d ever heard that any of them had to, for example, resign their commissions after having this happen to them.
After his ordeal on the Tantalus colony, he’d seen the Sickbay monitoring video that Lestrade had made of Sh’lok and Dr. Simon Van Gelder, locked together in mindmeld. It seemed deceptively serene at first, until you noticed something very specific: the expression of frozen horror on van Gelder’s face. Initially John had written that off to the terrible mental trauma Van Gelder had suffered at the hands of the colony’s head.
Part of the fretting, he eventually realised, was due to once more coming up against confirmation that human beings could, indeed, be very nasty pieces of work. Often enough over the last few months the universe had taken a moment to rub his nose in that conclusion. And here he was again, left looking at a shadowy prospect that was in its way far less easy to bear or to come to grips with than even the oppressive darkness in the tunnels of Janus VI.
have done it.” He let go of her and just let his face show how furious he was—which wasn’t difficult. Seeing it, Kara started backing away, and John implacably advanced on her; he wanted her to keep on seeing. “How did you do it?”
But—strange, treacherous thought— here in the quiet, the oddest idea intruded itself.
Sh’lok was steadily pushing John up and away, up and up until he was half-kneeling over the Vulcan. With a sudden burst of strength Sh’lok got enough control of the weapon to swing its blade-end around into that little bronze pillar and snap the blade of it, half of which fell ringing to the stone. The next moment there was a boot planted in John’s gut and pushing him away. The breath went out of him as he fell backward, but as he fought for his next breath and to get back to his feet he saw Sh’lok scrambling for the unbroken
“Yes it fucking well has,” John said, letting out a breath. “I’m sorry.”
The response was immediate. The woman in purple scowled at him, stepped away from her chair and around the table. “No,” she said. “It is not permitted.
“Any time's a good time…”
John looked at Lestrade. “Pack your things,” he said, “we’re going home
She moved to get between him and the pads. “Here now, where do you think you're going?”
saw the almighty
John Watson thought: and took a step forward.
John sat down behind the desk, hit the comms button on the monitor. “Bridge. Navigation.”
, said that unheard voice to him over a chessboard some night weeks past,
Nothing.
had visited, in all their colors, were buried in it… pressed into the stone’s heart like keepsakes, as if they were as fragile as flower petals. It was the essence of experience and memory wound together and made tangible, this object: instantly recognisable as the key to a treasure, or a treasury—the key to a heart. “Sh’lok,
Which made him pause for a moment.
It was too final, too deadly,
In any case, with every breath Sh’lok’s dark fragrance was curling into John like some exotic musky incense, making it harder and harder to concentrate on anything but sex.
Not far from him, though, at the far side of the cavern things came down— one of the rough pillars that had supported that side of the low roof, toppling sideways and dislodging more chunks of rock from the walls nearby as it fell. Stones and rubble crashed and scattered deafeningly all around. Dust flew up in clouds.
Thanks kindly to all the sweet-natured readers who've put up with the late posting of these final chapters. If everything goes well, I expect to be posting the end of this episode within the next seven days.
The next thing she knew, he was leaning against the edge of her board, practically
A voice spoke behind his left ear. “Don’t you think—”
You were on this frequency, Sh’lok…”
John shook his head, grinning. “You may have let him run things up till now, but he’s no match for you,” he said. “You know it. Wouldn’t surprise me if a lot of the crew knows it too. Time
They made their way along corridors that were mercifully laid out exactly as their own at home. At every corner, it seemed, guards were stationed who saluted John and watched for a response. He answered the distasteful salute and started falling into the rhythm of salute-and-response with the thought every time,
, John—”
“Here begins the act of combat for possession of the woman T’Eyreen,” S’kroft said. “As it was at the time of the beginning, so it is now. Bring forth the
“How is he?” John said.
“We'll
Sh’lok looked down at his empty hand, then up at John. “Perhaps,” he said… then stopped, as if embarrassed. But after a second he went on anyway, with a kind of grim determination that was nonetheless drenched in pain. “Perhaps it would have been kinder had Lestrade left me to die.”
“Why?” Sh’lok said, his expression both bleak and rather perplexed.
“A peculiar buzzing sound,” Sh’lok said. “We were about to investigate it.”
could wind up being destroyed.
sordid sorts of crime—
“I don’t know,” Lestrade said, and the helplessness in his voice tore at John.
John Watson and trained on him in its full force, for long moments left Sh’lok drowning in utterly unaccustomed joy, and unable to think of a single thing to say.
A word whispered itself to him, a Vulcan word: just a short one. At the sound of it, John trembled… and it wasn’t his tremor, his longing, but Sh’lok’s. What he was holding, beating like a heart, was as full of meaning as a living heart would have been with blood; and the meanings flowed and shifted through the word, beat by beat, as a whole body’s blood might have. The word meant
STAMFORD
With the backs of his fingers he stroked John’s face, his gaze dropping to John’s lips, as his other hand closed around the head of John’s cock and most gently stroked the foreskin back.
in ways that had to be giving someone who so routinely professed himself a stranger to emotion a headache of monumental proportions.
“Excellent, Captain, you follow,” Sh’lok said. “There are literally thousands of these tunnels in this general area alone… far too many to be cut by the one creature even if it has quite a long lifetime.”
different. Don’t get me wrong—you’re no more
John held his breath, but he didn’t have to do it for long. “Affirmative.”
The Captain glanced at Lestrade. The Doctor’s response was predictable. “John, this is ridiculous. I don't want my patients running around when they should be in bed!”
