"So perfect, Tones. Our little guy is finally here," he agreed in complete awe as he grabbed at a tiny hand.
Peter steps forward to take Tony with a slight struggle since Steve was holding onto him. Once he managed, Steve threw him a glare and Peter smiled at him victoriously just to see if he could get a rise out of Steve. And he did. The little blonde stuck his tongue out at Peter and continued to glare at him.
"'Uh', is that all you can say? I got in late last night and I'm exhausted. You girls want to have a tea party, take it elsewhere," he hisses angrily. Sure he could stay awake for days at a time, but when he did finally go to sleep after either long meetings or a science binge, he hated being woken up.
"He's so perfect, Steve," Toni cries as she looks down at the baby who instantly quiets once in his mother's warm embrace.
"Fuck, babe, you have no idea how happy you just made me," Steve says breathlessly, his hands pressed against the wall on either side of Toni's head and pressing the front of his body against hers.
Toni pulls away first from the kiss with Steve's teeth nipping at her bottom lip before letting go completely.
"You were clingy even before we got together," Loki points out, an amused smile tugging at his lips as he walks over to the shorter man and cups his face in his hands. "A short visit and I promise to return as soon as I am able to, even if I have to come back without the oaf of my brother."
"Yeah."
"I want to hate you, you know? I really do but I can't bring myself to do so." Peter shrugs as he looks over at Steve who's taken off his suit jacket and undone the black tie so it just hangs there around his neck. His eyes are red rimmed and there are dried tear tracks on his cheeks and Peter guesses he looks about the same as him. "Dad always said it was because I don't have a single bad bone in me." He chuckles sadly and shakes his head. "And maybe that's true, but after everything that's happened, I'm just too exhausted to even think about wanting to hate you. You and dad both made mistakes all those years ago when the Accords came into play and your biggest flaw in your relationship was never being able to talk and listen to each other."
So Peter does his best to move the kids without waking them, but it's impossible with how they're both on top of him and Tony's still clutching his shirt tightly.
"You were just- you were just so jealous! And then- and then Clint-!" Steve struggled to get out between bouts of laughter, his face a bright red and tears streaming down his cheeks.
Steve misses the wide eyed look Bucky gives him, instead focusing on his ice cream and looking over at Peter whose face is covered in ice cream.
"So what're we watching?" Clint asked from his spot on the bean bag and a bowl of popcorn on his lap.
Loki's kisses were cool, in the cold kinda sense, soft and left Tony's head spinning and craving more each time. From the way Loki held him, like he was precious and the only person that mattered in this world. To the way Loki looked at him like he was the brightest star in all of the realms.
Looking up when the classroom door opens fifteen minutes after the first class of the day started, Steve Rogers rolls his eyes fondly when Tony Stark, 16 year old genius and a senior like him, walks in casually just sipping his coffee and ignoring the fact that their chemistry teacher was glaring at him. Tony just simply walked over to the lab station he shared with Steve and sat next to him.
"Because you're one giant teddy bear, I would have told her to fuck off."
"Love ya, too, ducky."
"Hey, no, put that down," Peter instructs Steve who turns to glare at him instead but does as he's told, only he ends up tossing the poor doll aside and it makes Tony cry louder. "Steve! No! We don't throw our toys."
"That's ours," one of the boys said.
The teen simply rolls his eyes and keeps eating.
To Steve's complete and utter surprise (not), Toni bursts into tears and he just stands dumbly at the foot of the bed watching the tears run down her slightly more rounded cheeks. Honestly, he so much as breaths these days and she gets upset so really he would rather not get chewed out again. Also, Toni's very upset because she loves Halloween and this is the first one is soooo long that she doesn't get to dress up for because her doctor put her on bed rest half a month ago.
"Are the boys in your room?" Bucky asks as he turns to face the teen who's sitting at the island. "Walked past their room and the door was open and the bed empty."
And later, that one ice cream date turns into family outings to the zoo, park, aquarium and the movies with few dates in between for the two adults while leaving Bucky as the designated babysitter. Tony doesn't think they're moving fast. Everything is flowing smoothly and it all feels so natural, almost like they've been a family from the start.
"And back then I said that it came with the spooky season," Tony says as he sets his coffee cup down to open up his textbook to the page written on the board.
Steve watched his boyfriend walk away with heart eyes and a small fond smile on his face.
Also, I am all for rare Tony pairings, so don't be afraid to suggest a pairing that's not popular. My current favorite rare otp is Bruce Wayne/Tony Stark - which I'm currently reading The Nanny Named Stark in case you'd like to read something on them.
Wait, child?
just a little short something i came up with last night in an attempt to get me out of this weird funk.
Peter found it really hard to get both children undressed and in the bath. Mainly because they were his dads, just in toddler form and also because they kept trying to run off because neither wanted to take a bath. Eventually he managed to get Tony inside and after that, Steve got in because his baby was being brave. Peter had just rolled his eyes but made a sign to JARVIS to save the recording in a file so he could show his parents once they were back to normal. Whenever that was. Hopefully soon because he was so not doing bath time again.
Meanwhile Steve is left staring at Toni in open shock while she grins up at him, ignoring everyone else around the two.
Steve pulls her into a hug and tucks his face into her neck, sniffling slightly and she coos and rubs his back. Not even a minute into the new year and Steve's life was already changing for the better. He was going to be a dad with the woman he loves and fuck if he isn't the happiest man alive right now.
They're on the communal floor and Peter had left the two kids playing in the living room with a few toy cars and a baby doll that Peter has no idea who ordered. But when little Tony had seen the doll, he'd latched onto it and hadn't let it go. So Peter was in the kitchen preparing them some PB&J sandwiches when suddenly Tony starts crying and Steve's screaming something incoherent and jumbled, but definitely angry.
"Sorry."
"Bucky and Clint are waiting downstairs with the SUV and Bruce is calling ahead so they're ready when we arrive," Natasha informs Steve who thanks her as the two help Toni walk to the elevator.
"Don't worry about it," Tony tells his boyfriend who nods.
"So Peter, you'll be sleeping in the guest room here," Steve says as he carries the child and the bag to the room next to his. It was technically a guest room, but Steve's best friend Bucky stayed there at least four nights a week because he didn't like dealing with his roommate Sam Wilson though Steve likes to tease his best friend about crushing on Sam. "My room is right next door and the bathroom is across the hall."
"Keep your bedroom stuff in the bedroom," Sam complained as he threw a piece of popcorn at the couple who turned to look at him with matching looks of mischief.
Once Tony's gone, Steve's left with a quiet three year old and the most awkward silence he's experienced in his nearly thirty years of life. He has no idea what to say to the kid and oh does he wish he could have met Peter under different circumstances. Preferably with Tony around.
"Hey, what's going on?" Peter asked worriedly as he rushed over, eyes wide as he took in the state of his mini parents.
i promise that you're requests are coming, i just want to get the ones collecting dust in my drive out before starting on those :)
"Nothing yet. Guess we have more hope for Thor returning with Loki soon than we have of Strange coming in," Natasha informs the metal armed soldier who nods.
Steve shuts her nervous rambling up by pressing his lips against hers and Toni's hands come up to clutch at the front of Steve's jacket. They kiss softly despite Steve being all riled up, just savoring each other's lips and the super soldier brings his hands down to hold onto Toni's hips under the hoodie she was wearing, his thumbs stroking bare skin.
"W-Wan'ed 'o p-play!" Tony sobs out as he stretches his tiny arms up towards Peter who's heart was breaking at the sight. "S'eve mean!"
"Uh we'll be walking away now," Tony mumbles before dragging Steve away from Sharon and to a more quiet and private corner.
Later that night, Tony called Steve after he'd put Peter down for bed and the genius himself was in his office hoping to finish off a last minute report Pepper had emailed him earlier.
"What kind?" Bruce asks curiously.
"Sweetheart, you've made it nine months, I'm sure you can take a few more days," Steve tries to be supportive and console his miserable wife, but all he gets in return is a glare so scary it makes Natasha's seem like a flirty look. "Hmm, you're right. I don't think I can take another week."
After a very long and successful mission for the Avengers, Tony decided to throw a party to celebrate their success and despite having wanted to keep it small, some people ended up bringing a plus one and somehow the entire communal floor of the tower was filled with agents, heroes and others. Unfortunately for Tony, Sharon Carter was also in attendance despite the two not getting along as kids because of Sharon's jealousy towards Tony and how much closer he was to Peggy.
Natasha simply smirked knowingly as she leaned back in her seat and continued to drink her tea just watching the whole scene unfold in front of her. She didn't need anyone to tell her anything, she just knew everything that went around the tower. Tony suspected it was because she had a pact of some sort with JARVIS who in return told her everything. That was one theory and he rather not get into the other one. It was less conventional and more creepy.
"In my defense, flirting is like my native language and you should know that by now," Tony points out with a raised eyebrow. "And I flirted differently with you than I did with anyone else on the team."
Natasha sets Tony on the Queen sized bed that the two boys would share knowing that Steve wouldn't have it any other way. Despite having technically just met that morning, Steve had become fiercely protective of Tony. In the hours following their de-aging, Steve had asked for his mother a total of six time while Tony hadn't even mentioned his parents, just asking for Jarvis and Ana. They all knew of Tony's bad relationship with Howard, but they weren't aware of how bad things had been. But if Tony was scared of yelling and loud noises, well no one really wanted to think much into it. Bruce especially tried not to think into it, but the signs were all there and boy was it hard to keep the Hulk from making an appearance.
"Kissing my girlfriend who's been gone for an awfully long time?" Tony responds though he's still frowning.
"Don't you two have anything better to do than pick on kids much younger? Where are your moms so I can have a chat with them?" Peter asked the older boys angrily and they rushed off right away at the mention of their mothers.
Tony smiled at the scene in front of him and thought, "I can get used to seeing this everyday."
Tony explained as best he could, what with his limited speech and how he stumbled over his words. Eventually Natasha understood that the two had been playing in the sandbox with the supplies that were provided there when two older boys walked up to them saying the toys were theirs. Natasha expressed how proud she was of Tony for standing up and smiled at the blush that took over his chubby little cheeks.
"You poor thing," Steve coos as he wraps his arms around Tony and pulls him to his chest where the genius sighs happily and rests his ear over Steve's heart. "You know what I'm most excited about living with you?"
"Thanks," Peter whispers as he hands Tony the cup. "At least drink this. You don't have to finish it, just so your tummy has something in it."
"I seriously don't know how ya managed to ask Stark out on a date and manage to keep him for this long."
"It's almost dinner time, anything special you want?" Steve asks the kid, turning to look at him just in time to see Peter shrug. "How about I order some pizza?" Another shrug. "Okay then."
"Gee, thanks for the vote of confidence, Spangles."
"I think we have a better chance at defeating HYDRA than that happening," Bucky replies with a smirk and it sends the entire room into laughter while Clint sulks.
"Why are you surprised? It took months and for you to point out to him that I was flirting with him," Tony points out in a deadpan voice that has Natasha snickering as they reach the other two.
Maybe Peter could help!
Perhaps this wasn't such a bad way to let everyone know they were dating.
Getting pregnant was the easy part. All her and Steve did was have sex in their kitchen with her sprawled on the counter while Steve fucked into her early one January morning.
"Can't believe you guys are doing this," Bucky says as he lets out a grunt when he picks up one of the many boxes packed and ready to go in Steve's living room. Tony and Steve had talked and had come to the agreement that Steve would move in with Tony and Peter because it was the bigger apartment of the two and Steve had less things than Tony and Peter. And then maybe later on they could buy a house together.
"Hey kid, my name's Bucky. I'm a friend of Stevie's," Bucky tells the child who makes a funny face at the name Bucky.
For the rest of the day, Tony was pouty and mopey which didn't go unnoticed by his teammates who all teased him endlessly until Steve decided to step in for his best friend's sake. But it wasn't just that day, Tony was like that for nearly a whole week.
It was six days later when, in the middle of the night, Tony was woken up to movement in his room. Opening his eyes, the room was still dark and he couldn't see much, but he was able to see a familiar slender figure from the little moonlight that filtered in through the closed blinds from the window.
"He is. Baby had a rough night so let's be a little quiet so we can let him sleep, alright?" Natasha informs the blonde child who nods even though he really wanted to play with baby.
* * *
Toni pushed, squeezed Steve's hand impossibly tighter and half screamed, half sobbed with the force of pushing a literal human out of her. Kinda makes her wish she'd been nicer and more grateful of her mother for giving her the gift of life.
who wanted jealous Tony and oblivious Steve
"No thank you," Steve replies as he goes over to the toy box, amazed by all the toys inside. It was pretty obvious that he was no longer in 1921 because everything looked so different, but he didn't fully comprehend that it also meant that his mother was very obviously no longer alive.
"I know, but as the older brother, mother always taught me to look after him."
"You had one job," Natasha tells the two "adults" who slowly put the toys away and grin sheepishly at the rest. "Go help Wanda in the kitchen or better yet, go get the others to come up for dinner."
Thor turned to face his sister with a mischievous look that could easily rival the trickster's. Tony looked plenty amused by everything that was going on in the kitchen, leaning back against Loki who in the blink of an eye went back to being a he.
They get outside after a minute and find Tony sitting on the sidewalk next to the moving truck wearing his orange tinted sunglasses with Peter sitting next to him with his own pair and the two eating a red colored Popsicle.
"You old."
"I am a Jotun, I technically have no gender. I can be a woman, a male or even a cat if I so desired. I just prefer to be in this form more than any other," Loki explains plainly as he sits casually on the counter with Tony standing between his legs, definitely not going to let go of the mage any time soon. "I could be Captain America even if I wanted to."
"I don't think I can take another week of this," complains one heavily pregnant Toni Stark as she laid in bed, back resting against a mountain of pillows and a fluffy throw blanket covering her swollen feet.
"Ow," Toni chokes out, eyes clenched shut before she lets out a long sigh of relief. "I wasn't sure, but now I am a hundred percent positive that I'm going into labor."
"The baby is coming, Steven!" Toni shouts and that's all it takes for Steve to scramble out off bed, tell JARVIS to inform the rest of the team and grab the bags that were packed and ready by the bedroom door.
"Good or else I'll kick your ass, got that?" Natasha threatens him seriously and Steve nods with slightly wide eyes which makes Tony snicker.
"Uh it's hard work being the director of moving day and watching after a curious three year old who wants to get into everything and get in your way."
"And I get it, but Loki can defend himself pretty good and I'd rather not have to treat you for another stab wound caused by said brother. Besides, Bucky's a great guy and he wouldn't hurt your brother intentionally."
"Exactly, punk," Bucky says with a grin. "I'm your godfather, so in the meantime, I'm in charge of ya."
"Any luck with getting into contact with Strange?" Bucky asks Sam and Natasha to take the attention off of Tony who was starting to stir in Peter's arms.
"He's not a picky eater, mostly, just don't let his food touch if there's more than one thing on his plate otherwise he won't eat it."
"Didn't I just leave you sleeping in your room?" Tony asks as he glares playfully at his child.
"'Tis the truth." Loki shrugged as he looks over at his older brother with a look of pure innocence that has Bucky snickering and even Tony and Steve giggle even if they don't really understand what is going on.
"Need help?" Bucky asks as he enters the bathroom, Steve smiling up at the metal armed super soldier who has two towels over his arm.
Natasha enters the room not even a minute after JARVIS had informed the team and is immediately at Toni's side, helping her off the bed while Steve grabbed her cozy slippers so she could slip them on.
"Oh yeah," Peter mumbles sadly as he looks over at the kid version of his dad who as an adult was always loud and the center of attention, but this mini version of him was so quiet and would rather hide himself than be the center of attention.
"Well I have been learning from the best. Now, how about we go dance in front of everyone so they know that I am off the market?" Steve asks his shorter boyfriend who smiles warmly and nods.
Peter just nodded and explored the room once Steve set him down on the ground while the blonde looked through Peter's bag to see what Tony had packed. He pulls out t-shirts with various cartoon characters, pants, underwear and a few pull ups which Tony didn't mention those and Steve also pulls out a stuffed bear and some toy cars.
"Tony started it!" Steve shouted above the crying and Peter really had no idea how parents did this. "He throw my cars!"
"Thanks for coming and sorry for bothering you, but Steve isn't picking up his phone and no one's answering the door," Tony tells Bucky a little worriedly as he gets up from the floor as his boyfriend's best friend steps off the elevator and approaches with the key copy to Steve's apartment.
"I'm not going to die accidentally, babe."
"Congratulations! You have a healthy little boy!" The doctor tells them as she hands over the crying newborn to Toni who sobs in relief once she has her baby in her arms.
"I tell ya, freaky shit. And it's only freakier when ya see a picture of Tony as a kid and realize that Peter's basically his twin," Bucky comments as he heads for the truck to set the boxes inside and Sam snorts in agreement as he follows the long haired man.
"Yep. And said you're silly and that's basically the equivalent of I like you in three year old speak." Steve chuckled on the other end and Tony's heart skipped a beat at the sound. "The kid even asked when we could all hang out and I was wondering if you'd like to go out for a little ice cream tomorrow?"
Maybe it's not the happy ending they deserved or wanted, but the world definitely felt safer now and they had their dad to thank for that.
"Alright kiddies, time to get out so we can go eat dinner," Bucky says cheerfully as he helps Steve stand up carefully and starts to dry him off. "You guys must be hungry, right?"
yikes, it's been so long since i did a new one shot, but requests are still open and yes i am still working on the ones i've received
Tony simply shrugged and took a sip of his coffee as he stared at his disgusted teammates. He didn't even have to look at Steve to know that his boyfriend was probably still bright red and wishing for the ground to swallow him up.
"We had a small problem at the park with some older kids," Peter replied as he set a fast asleep Steve down on the couch carefully and helped Tony climb up when the toddler couldn't do so on his own.
"My baby's really brave!" Steve told them during dinner with a giant grin, going back to his usual self and Tony blushed yet again and kept his head down. "Love my baby."
"Does your baby have a name?" Loki asks as he sat on the couch with Tony on his lap and eyeing the baby doll with the blonde hair, blue eyes and pink footie pajamas. "I must imagine you have named her, yes?"
Tony only keeps crying and he's shaking which makes Steve think that he probably had a nightmare. He's not even sure what to do. His ma usually sang him back to sleep when he had a nightmare and- and he misses his ma. He doesn't know where she is or why he's with so many strange people. Sure they're nice and he's got baby, but he wants his ma back to hold him and sing him back to sleep. She always made him feel safe and warm.
"You're- We're gonna-" Steve stutters out and Toni giggles and nods.
"Happy new year, babe," Toni says softly before pressing her lips against his.
"Now we really know that our best friends do the dirty," Rhodey informs Bucky who nods but they're both smiling this time instead of grimacing in disgust like earlier.
"Go 'way," Tony told them as angrily as he could, glaring up at the taller boys though the sun got directly in his eyes made it hard to do so.
Tony's shoulders sag in relief, the tension completely leaving his body and his smile relaxes into a more genuine one. Peter only whines when Tony tries to get him out of his hiding place and Steve watches with a gentle smile as his tiny boyfriend all but loses to a three year old.
"No no no no no. I am having a bad dream. This isn't real. I am not holding my dad in my arms and getting glared at by the mini version of my pops. Nope. Not happening! I refuse to believe that I am awake," Peter rambled as he began to pace the length of the living room with his dad- the boy- in his arms. "Nope. Not real. Not possible."
"Not a baby," Tony argues, scowling cutely up at Bucky who plucks him out of Loki's hold and kisses his chubby cheeks repeatedly which has Tony laughing and trying to squirm away from him. "Tickles!"
and unless stated otherwise, prompts are still open
"Can't we put them in pull ups or something? That was so awkward and I'm never going to be able to look at my dads the same," Peter whines and shivers at the memory of helping his three year old dad use the bathroom.
"Yeah. We got back, we fought, you know like usual, and then we had fantastic make up sex and he asked me out afterwards."
"How To Train Your Dragon," Peter informs the team who nod and he sits on the couch with his mini dads, missing their adult versions who would be curled around him right about now. Instead, he now had to three year olds leaning into his side and giggling every few minutes, their large eyes trained on the screen and Peter decided that this was okay too.
"Get the hint!" They hear Clint shout from across the room and Tony shouldn't be satisfied over the embarrassment that washes over Sharon Carter's face. But he is satisfied. Thank you Clint and your big mouth.
"Says the one who doesn't help," Natasha reprimands him and Clint huffs.
"Hey munchkins!" Clint shouted as he and the rest of the team arrived on their floor with bags of take out food.
In the morning, Peter wakes up with both boys on top of him. If it were up to him, he'd just lay there until they woke up, but he has to go to school and move out from under them even if it means waking the three year olds up.
"Tony, calm down," Steve tried and Tony turned to glare at his boyfriend who wasn't even fazed by the look. "I forgot to mention that the team were coming up for breakfast today."
"Pe'er! Play!" Tony shouted happily once his eyes landed on the teen who grinned and walked over to join them on the ground.
"Yeah, sweetheart, language," Steve scolds his boyfriend playfully and Peter giggles.
"Abou' dragons?" Peter asks him in a 'it better be about dragons or no deal' kinda way.
"Of course I do know," Thor replies as he goes in search of his beloved Pop Tarts. "You have been telling me the same thing since we were children, Loki."
"I guess." Steve shrugs though there's still a frown on his face as Bucky helps him off the couch and holds his hand as they walk towards the elevators with Peter trailing behind them and making silly faces at Tony who's looking at him over Nat's shoulder.
And it's not that they want to keep things a secret from the world forever, it's just that their relationship was still so new and Tony was afraid that the scrutiny of the general public would put a large strain on their relationship. Also, Tony wasn't sure how Steve would take to being kissed in front of Sharon because he was being a jealous brat.
"But why? Is not bedtime," Steve argued, whining when Natasha picked up Tony off his lap and making grabby hands at the smaller three year old. "I wan' my baby back!"
"Hey!" Thor exclaimed but even he couldn't stay mad for long when Tony looked up at the mage with big eyes and expression full of wonder.
Tony simply rolled his eyes and stepped up into Steve's space before leaning up on his toes to press his lips against Steve's slightly cold and chapped ones. The blonde's eyes close and his hands settle on Tony's hips as he kisses the short teenager back after the shock wares off.
Bucky leaves about an hour later and again, Steve and Peter are left in an awkward silence. The three year old is curled up on one end of the couch with his plushie and Steve's sitting on the other end with the TV on some cartoons that Peter had shown excitement at when Steve passed the channel. They're halfway through the second episode when Steve's phone goes off with Tony's name flashing on the screen and it immediately makes the blonde man smile as he answers it.
Tony shrugs at that and lets Peter rinse off the shampoo from his hair, leaning completely into the teen's gentle hands. Peter found himself smiling despite the awkward situation as he finished rinsing off both toddlers.
"Bu' I'm no' sleepy," Peter's argument is invalid because the child chooses that exact moment to yawn big and wide and the two adults look at each other in amusement.
"Baby, eat," Steve begged the brunette toddler who started to sniffle, upset that no one understood that all he wanted to do was sleep.
"We could have a problem, then."
"Um, did you not hear? Peppermint mocha's are back. Of course I'm late because of Starbucks, Steve-o," Tony replied with a grin, pouting as Clint steals his coffee and takes a sip out of curiosity.
"Lo's. Mis'er S'eve is sooo fun! I like him daddy."
"Ouch," Clint mumbles as he dissolved into snickers next to Sam who only laughs harder at Thor's frown. Natasha merely sighs and Bucky smirks.
"I want my baby!" Steve suddenly shouts as he stands up from his spot and rushes over to Bucky, hitting the man on the legs until he set the toddler down. "Come on baby!"
"What are you doing here? You can go, you know," Tony mumbles as he pulls the blankets tighter around himself, fever glazed eyes glued on the TV screen though he had no idea what he was even watching.
The message cut off and Peter sighed as he brought his phone down and pushed the home button, his wallpaper staring up at him. It was a picture of him and his dad with big smiles on their faces, days before they got on that ship that took them to space. Days before it all changed. Peter remembers that day. It'd been a good day for his dad. He'd been smiling a lot more recently and gone were the days where the man would walk around like an empty shell after everything that happened with Rogers and the Rogue Avengers. It'd been such a good day that Peter wishes he could relieve it all over, just to spend a few more moments with his father and do everything he could to memorize it all. From the smells to the sounds and the feeling of being able to hug said man just because he could.
"Only if those crazy boys are ready for another crazy."
"Who are you?" Steve asks Peter once they're left alone and their movie is long over.
"You know me so well," Tony replies as he leans against the counter, smiling at the guy who chuckles.
Tony smiled and leaned forward to kiss Steve, somehow managing to do so in the awkward angle. They break apart after a few seconds when Peter giggles and mumbles an 'Eww!'.
"Fine, but you owe me a date, a good snuggle and a lot of kisses, because frankly, I'm addicted to those."
this is the last of my pre written chapters, so your requests will be fulfilled and out starting next month :)
ironstrange is one of my favorite otps, so i was really happy to do this one and even happier that i was able to do someone's prompt
"They was big," Tony says shyly as he stares at his food, struggling to get some peas onto his little plastic fork until Loki smiled and leaned over to help him.
"Must be horrified to think that there's another me to torment him," Tony eventually says after his laughter has dissolved into giggles.
"Glad my boys are becoming friends."
Tony shrugged as he stared at his doll, still a little unused to the idea that these people let him play with actual toys unlike his father.
"Friends, I have returned with my brother to see if he can be of assistance in returning our friends Tony and Steven back to normal!" Thor announces rather loudly and it makes Tony cover his ears and start to shake in his seat.
"Night Pete."
Just then Thor walked into the room still looking half asleep, and Steve thought the God of Thunder would kill Tony for cheating on Loki, but then Steve understood. This woman looked like Loki and sounded like Loki because she was Loki. And his theory was proved right when Thor smiled at Loki and Tony without batting an eye at their closeness. Had she been any random woman, Thor would probably had thrown Tony out of the tower.
Once up in the penthouse, they find Wanda cooking dinner and Sam and Clint in the guest room where Tony and Steve would be staying, supposedly putting the toys away in a toy box, but instead they find them battling each other with lightsabers.
"Um what? Are you implying that this is my dad?!" Peter asked, his voice rising at the end and causing the little boy in his arms to whimper and press his tiny hands against his ears.
"The stuff you ordered is down in the lobby," JARVIS says, snapping Peter out of his thoughts and he turns to face the team with a questioning look.
The super soldier then bursts out laughing to the point that he even has to bend over.
Tony hadn't had the best day and honestly, all he'd wanted was to come home and cuddle up with his boyfriend after three long meetings at SI and many arguments with the latest StarkPad update that had left Tony with quite a headache, but he'd gotten home not even an hour ago only to find Bucky watching that annoying yellow sponge and why the hell was Tony so cold?
"You could, but if he throws another fit tomorrow or however long this lasts, you can't be stayin' all the time," says Bucky as he gives Peter a shrug, looking up when the elevator doors open and Natasha and Sam walk over to them. They both wince at the state that Tony's in.
"A little reminder never hurt anyone. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get Clint to stop planning someone's murder."
And now to get Tony off his chest. Letting out a sigh, Peter shifted slowly and carefully, sliding Tony off his chest inch by inch. Once he managed to successfully place Tony on the bed without waking up either toddler, Peter let out a quiet sigh of relief and began to gather his clothes to go and get ready for school in the bathroom.
"Hi Peter Panda. Did ya have fun with Steve?" Tony asks him as he reaches out to play with his hair, watching the boy snuggle more into Steve and clutch at the blonde's shirt.
The two met about two weeks after Steve and Tony had begun dating when the genius had been on his way to Steve's apartment. He'd bumped into Bucky in the elevator and the meeting had apparently started off kinda rocky, with Bucky being suspicious of Tony's intentions and asking him a lot of questions. By the time they'd both left Steve's apartment though, the two had become friends and according to Tony, the two texted each other silly memes or whatever trend was in that day.
"Hey, no no! Please don't cry!" Peter begged desperately. If Tony cried then Peter would start crying and then Steve would probably start crying because his baby was crying and it would be a never ending thing.
"They don't remember us. Seems that their last memories include people who are no longer alive," Natasha replies a little sadly. "But for some reason Steve still has the serum."
"You know I gotta go to school, right?" Peter asked the toddler who only tightened his hold on the teen, letting out a distressed wail that made Peter's heart ache. "I'm sorry buddy."
"Happy New Year, Steve," she whispers as a tear rolls down her left cheek.
"It's no use. Guess we'll just have to wait this out," Bruce informs them and they all let out a resigned breath.
Just to spite the little boy, Peter presses another kiss to Tony's head. Steve bursts into tears and Bucky sighs from where he sits on Steve's other side and sends Peter a glare. The teen simply shrugs and briefly wonders if this is what it's like to have younger siblings. If so, boy he's missed out on a lot of fun.
"Pretty sure those hickies explain why you forgot," Bucky says in a teasing manner as he finally snaps out of his shock and looks at Steve.
"Nor afford another Tony," the genius in question adds smugly as he laces his fingers with Steve's while casually throwing a side glance at Sharon who was frowning at the interruption.
"I am very much capable of saying the truth. For example, Thor does not look good in that hideous poncho he wears so often."
Stephen sighs and shakes his head.
"I told Tony I had to go to school but he won't let me go so I guess I'll stay today and deal with this tomorrow again," Peter explains to her and the spy nods as she ruffles Tony's hair affectionately.
"You are asking me to join you and the other children?"
"We had to order them clothes, toys and other things they might need since we don't know how long they'll be like this," Natasha explained and Peter nodded in understanding. "We'll set up the other guest room for them."
Peter nods and makes a face as Tony kisses his cheeks, blushing right after when he realizes Steve was watching the two with a big smile.
"Oh Peter!" Clint cries out in relief as he walks up to the teen, placing his hands on Peter's shoulders and shaking him slightly. "Thank goodness you're home! I can't take this anymore!"
"I have something to tell you," Toni says softly as the others begin to count down from twenty.
The two sit in silence for a bit. The wind blows occasionally and it's a soft breeze that has Peter choking up as a sense of nostalgia hits him. He remembers being young and his dad bringing him to this exact house whenever he needed to get away from SI during the summer. The sun would shine bright and warm and it would make the lake sparkle beautifully. They would sometimes have a picnic under this same tree they sat under and the breeze would blow softly, caressing their skin and bringing forth the smell of summer. After his dad became an Avenger and started dating Steve, trips to the lake had become less and less until they'd completely stopped post Ultron. And Peter regretted not pushing for more trips, especially when Morgan came along a year after the so called Avengers Civil War.
"Wait, I think my brain just exploded," Clint commented as he stared at Tony wide eyed, taking in his outfit which was very obviously not his, the messy hair, the very visible love bites on either side of his neck and the direction in which he just came from. Steve's bedroom.
"Hmm, knew there was a reason why I fell in love with you," Tony replies sarcastically from where he laid on his couch under two blankets, wearing a hoodie and sweats. "You really make me feel special with your lovely words."
Scott nods enthusiastically but the others aren't really sure how they'll be able to deal with two three (and a half) year olds. They'll figure it out though.
"Three? Four days?" Clint guesses with a shrug as he goes back to eating his leftover pizza from last night's dinner. "It's felt like a year honestly."
"Now we've got all the more reasons to love Halloween," Steve jokes, not once tearing his gaze away from the now sleeping baby as he laid on Toni's bare chest. "Absolutely perfect."
Tony just kept staring at Peter as he knelt down to undo his pants.
"Hey, anytime you need me for anything, I'm here for you," Steve replies honestly as he wraps an arm around Tony to pull him into a hug.
"You name's funny," Peter eventually says as he climbs up on a chair where Steve sets a bowl of chocolate ice cream in front of him.
"Ugh, just come here." Natasha sighs as she grabs his hand and drags him over to where Sharon was smiling at whatever Steve was telling her with a hand on his bicep. "Your boyfriend is so dumb."
"So what do you think of daddy's boyfriend, then? Is he Peter Panda approved?"
"Eww!" "Tony!" "TMI, dude."
"Night Steve."
A shrill cry broke through the air and Steve looked away from his wife, who slumped backwards tiredly, to see the doctor with a small baked and ugly little bundle in her arms, limbs flailing around to express his discomfort at coming into the world.
"If we're talking about impossible to achieve resolutions than I'll say cut my caffeine intake in half," Toni chimes in from where she's sat nestled into Steve's side dressed in leggings and one of Steve's hoodies, her sock covered feet tucked under her.
"But to protect the ones we love, we will do anything and you did a very brave thing by standing up to those big mean children." Loki tapped the toddler's nose and Tony giggled shyly, cheeks flushed an even brighter shade of red than usual.
He woke up that morning with a slight headache and a sore throat. He took a couple of pills and went on about his morning hoping for the best because lately he'd been swamped with SI work and the Avengers seemed to be getting called out every six hours. It'd been a very busy few days and apparently they were starting to catch up to him.
"What?" Tony asks with a confused look on his face as he stares between his teammates and girlfriend who raised a thin, dark eyebrow at him and it was all Tony needed for realization to dawn on him. "Oh!"
Both toddlers shrugged and Peter laughed as he helped them put the blocks away.
"Very well," is all Strange says before he settles on the other end of the couch with Tony's feet on his lap.
Peter has to admit that it's a pretty cute sight. When the adult versions of his dads do this, it's disgusting but with the kids versions it's adorable. Especially with how protective baby Steve is of baby Tony.
"You're such a brat, but I love you."
"I made breakfast," Bucky offers in form of greeting, scowling when Sam pushes past him to get to the food. "Technically it was for the children, but sure you can have some."
"Hey, no worries, alright? You do what you gotta go and Pete and I will be fine. Gives us time to get to know each other and hopefully break this awkwardness."
"Nice of you to join us, Mr Stark," their teacher told the young genius as he kept glaring at Tony who simply leaned back in his seat without a care in the world, coffee cup still in hand.
"Anthony knows better than to even think about cheating on me," Loki tells the team smugly and Tony rolls his eyes.
Peter adores Steve and Tony loves the way his son's large brown eyes stare up at Steve with wonder whenever the blonde is telling him something. He loves hearing his son's happy giggles whenever Steve plays airplane with him or tells him some silly story from when he and Bucky were kids. He loves the family moments they have and he wants to have them everyday; day and night. And apparently Steve wants the same because two months after Peter and Steve's first meeting, the blonde asks Tony to move in with him.
"True, but I would miss this Tony too much if he ever got lost," Steve replies with a smile, gaze still locked on Tony's as he pulls the shorter man into his arms. "Thanks Nat, I'll make sure my favorite genius doesn't get lost."
Bruce, Scott and Vision walked in and took their seats after updating everyone that they weren't even close to figuring out what the alien tech was even supposed to do. Peter was a little let down that they weren't anywhere near finding out how to get his dads back to normal.
"You sayin' the truth? Now that's new," Bucky teases Loki who huffs and if Peter didn't know better, he'd assume his Uncle Bucky actually offended the god of lies and mischief.
"Tony's gotta pee!" Steve announces and the adults present all turn to look at Peter who blushes but takes Tony anyways.
Tony immediately curled up protectively around Steve and closed his eyes and Bucky snorted at the scene while Peter went off to grab them a blanket. When he returned, Tony was already fast asleep and so he covered them with the blanket before explaining to Bucky what had happened at the park.
"So how's it goin'?" Bucky asked Steve with an amused glint in his eyes as he looks at the bored three years old sitting on the couch with his bear.
"From what I could gather, it is starting to leave their system," Loki began to say, "I would say no longer than a month. In Steve's case, it could be less because of the serum."
"He'll still be watching over us. We can't see him anymore, but he can see us and he lives in our hearts forever, now. And he'll always be proud of you and me and as we grow, we can make sure to do things that will keep making him proud."
"You don't get to tell us what to do," the other boy told Tony, shoving him back a tiny bit and Tony stumbled with the force.
so technically this is an au which is why i changed Morgan's age. i wrote this about a week after Endgame came out and i just never got around to posting it
"But we've only been together for like, three weeks. You're leaving me in the middle of our honeymoon phase, honey boo!" Tony whines, probably seconds away from getting on the ground and attaching himself to Loki's long legs to prevent the man from leaving him. "This is basically my clingy phase."
"No baby," Tony reminds Steve, voice slurred with how tired he was and Peter wondered if the others realized that kids this age still took naps.
Once all three kids were changed into their pajamas, Peter carried both toddlers down to the communal floor where the other Avengers were already seated and waiting with various snacks.
"Drama queen," Tony teases his boyfriend.
"You proved me wrong earlier when you spilled water down your shirt."
"Yeah. Tony had a nightmare and Steve took him to my room," Peter explained. "Not sure my- Tony's gonna like waking up without me there, though. Didn't want to let me go."
"How do you think?" Steve grumbles as he grabs bowls out of the cabinet and spoons.
"I promise to make baby eat something, but baby's really tired and I'm sure he wants to go to sleep. Right baby?" Bucky asks Tony who nods and yawns again, this time his eyes are closed and Peter has to jostle the kid around gently to wake him up.
"I honestly don't know why I'm so surprised. I've never seen this look on you. It's good and you and Tony are good for each other, punk."
"Hi!" Peter greets them in between giggles as he settles on Steve's lap, only laughing harder at the surprised looks on his dad's and Steve's faces.
"No." Toni rolls her eyes as she stands on her tip toes to wrap her arms around his neck while his wrap tighter around her waist to pull her closer.
"You only help with getting them all worked up and giving them candy," Sam says with a roll of his eyes.
Strange spent the rest of the day looking after Tony and every time he was asleep, popped in quickly to the Sanctum to make sure Wong hadn't set anything on fire or unleashed yet another creature. He also made sure that FRIDAY ignored any and all calls unless they were a life or death type of situation. The other Avengers had been made aware of Tony's condition and steered clear of the penthouse to let the genius get some much needed rest.
"Hi babe," Tony greets him back a little breathlessly as he steps forward and stands on his top toes to press a kiss to his lips. It's just a quick press of their lips, but it's enough to leave Steve's veins coursing with energy and butterflies swirling in his stomach. "Sorry for dropping by without a warning."
Once inside, Tony looks around the open concept living area and he lets out a small surprised 'oh' when he finally spots his boyfriend and child. They're in the living room with Steve laying on the couch and Peter on his chest, the two in a deep sleep and one of Steve's arms wrapped protectively around the small boy.
Steve laughs fondly and kisses the side of her head before saying, "now that's an impossible resolution."
"Pete, maybe you should set Tony down on the couch," Sam suggests and the teen shakes his head.
"I'm cold," Tony whined as he sat next to his boyfriend who was way too engrossed by SpongeBob Squarepants for being a grown ass man who also used to be an ex HYRDA assassin and who could scare anyone away with a look.
"Did this happen after we rescued you from your latest kidnapping?" Natasha asked him, not at all fazed by the over sharing of information. She just looked more curious if anything. "Because if I recall correctly, Steve was a total nightmare those two days you were missing."
"Hey! Don't touch!" Steve was angry as he stood between his baby and the older boys which laughed at the smaller blonde before pushing Steve with enough force to cause him to fall and scrape his hands as he tripped out of the sandbox. "Owie!" Steve cried and Tony frowned as he rushed over to kick and hit the older boys with as much force as his little body could muster.
"Yeah," Tony replied as he slowly stopped shivering.
"No, it's pretty much useless. We don't even know what it was supposed to do in the first place or why it even blew up," Sam explained with a shrug. "They do know that the tech was completely modified though, so maybe they didn't connect a few wires the right way and it went boom."
"Can you look after Peter for a day, possibly three?"
"True, but he's starting school next year and I feel like he's a little behind on some things and I feel guilty because I've been working too much recently and not giving him the attention he deserves."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Asshole," Tony grumbled moodily just as SpongeBob began screaming.
"Wait, do they remember us? Or do they just have their childhood memories?" Peter wonders.
"Coming right up, gorgeous," the guy says before going off to make Tony's order while the genius stood up straight and faced Steve who was glaring at the barista.
They head back inside once the fireworks are over and in the midst of the celebration, Steve drags Toni up to their floor and pins her against their bedroom wall, pupils blown wide with lust as he stared down at the shorter woman.
"It is just for a few days, Anthony," Loki informs his boyfriend with a tired sigh at the end as the giant man child of his boyfriend pouts at him. "You know how much I dislike heading to Asgard these days, but there is an important family matter that we need to discuss."
"Quit your yappin'," Steve scolds his best friend playfully as he leads him and his other best friend, Sam, out towards the moving truck where Tony and Peter were waiting. "And don't say that we're moving too quick. It all just feels so right. Like I just know that Tony's the one, ya know? Like he's that missing piece that I've been searching for and Peter's the best kid, I love him."
"Heading towards two in a few days, actually" Tony corrected her, in a much better mood now that he had his coffee and his boyfriend had his arms around him as they stood leaning against the island and facing the team. "There's nothing to tell unless you want me to go into details about how we got together after having sex first."
"You'll get him back once we're upstairs," Natasha said calmly, hoping to prevent a tantrum from starting because if Steve started to shout, then it would set Tony off into a round of crying and trigger a panic attack. "And it's not time for bed, but we need to get you two into clean clothes and don't you want to see all the toys we brought for you?"
"Movie marathon, please," she says quietly, one hand resting on her large belly and the other rubbing the tears from her eyes. "And snuggles."
"Hi Peter, it's so good to finally meet you. Your daddy's told me so much about you, kiddo," Steve informs him in hopes of getting Peter to relax a bit. And that seemed to do the trick because Peter looked at his dad with wide surprised eyes and Tony smiles softly and kissed his boy's forehead.
"Yeah I've taught him well." Tony beams proudly and steps inside the apartment once Bucky has the door unlocked and opened.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Nah. We really got to know each other these last two days and we even went to the zoo this morning which is why you found us napping."
Peter smiles as Steve wraps an arm around Tony, the blankets up to their shoulders and Peter waits until JARVIS turns off the lights and the nightlight lights up from a corner in the room before leaving.
"...He'll be fine," Tony replies after a long awkward pause and Steve certainly didn't feel any better about that. "Are you sure? Like a hundred percent sure? I hope I'm not ruining any plans or something."
Peter and Morgan missing their dad
"Open up, Tones," Peter said softly as he picked up some food with his fork and offered it to Tony who shook his head.
"I love you three thousand," Morgan tells him quietly and Peter smiles genuinely for the first time in days, a wave of peace rushing through him and he knows; they'll be okay.
"Oh I can tell," Toni jokes as she feels his hard length pressing against her hip. "So you really are happy? I know we never talked about starting a family and our jobs are pretty dangerous and-"
"So how long have you two been, ya know, getting it on in the janitor's closet?" Clint asks curiously as he goes back to his bowl of cereal despite having already had a large stack of pancakes.
"I love you too, sweetie. You have no idea what you've done to me," says Steve in an awe filled voice as he stares at Tony like he hung the moon and the stars and all of the planets. "Pretty sure I fell in love with you the minute I saw you even though I didn't know it yet. I mean, I probably knew but was just too scared to admit it thinking it was too soon to say so."
"Any luck?" Sam asks the two who shake their heads.
"Then what is it?"
"I know. Nat and Sam reminded me of that every day after I broke the team out of The Raft."
"I'm not as old as the others though, they're way older!" Peter informed the two children just as the elevator doors opened and Bucky and Natasha stepped out.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I really need to go," Tony eventually says as he reluctantly pulls away from Steve's hug and Peter's hand, already missing the warmth and safety and the feeling of home he got when he was with the two.
"I would if he didn't wake up the second he was no longer in my arms," Peter replies, hearing Tony let out a soft sigh in his sleep and his little fingers curled tightly around the teen's shirt as if to prove his point. "See? It's like he knows we're talking about him." Peter whispered and Natasha rolls her eyes fondly.
"Well, that is quite alright. I am sure that you will figure it out soon enough."
~ ~ ~
And they did. Because not even five minutes later JARVIS was informing them that Tony had woken up and was growing distressed at not being able to find Peter. The teen rushed down the hall and entered his room where sure enough, big fat tears were rolling down a hyperventilating Tony Stark's chubby cheeks.
"Come on, baby!" Steve urges as he grabs Tony's hand and tugs him towards the sandbox.
Knowing they were pregnant was also easy. Toni's periods have always been exact and just with being two days late and she knew. No need for pregnancy tests since she headed straight to her doctor's and it was confirmed.
Steve watches with a fond look on his face as the child sits on the ground and talks to his dad, often times nodding and forgetting that Tony couldn't see him. Peter giggles a few times and it warms Steve to hear such a pure and innocent sound.
"Here Pete," Sam says as he hands the teen a blue sippy cup with milk.
"Hey, don't ever apologize for dropping by unannounced," Steve tells him as he steps aside to let his boyfriend in, just now noticing the bag hanging from the brunette's shoulder. "Whats with the bag?"
"And what exactly is this. Why are my parents pocket sized? How did it even happen?"
"Wha-? Tony?" Steve asks, voice deep with sleep and eyes blinking open slowly. "How'd you get in? Wait, why are you here? Thought ya were comin' home tomorrow?"
Steve's not sure he heard right. Is Tony asking him to look after Peter day and possibly nights? Is that even a good idea when they haven't met?
"Lo's of fun! He's silly, daddy," Peter replies in between giggles and Tony can't help but to glance up at his son through the rear view mirror.
hope you guys enjoy this one !!
"Babe, did you really think I didn't notice what she was doing?" Steve asks his boyfriend quietly as he stands in front of the shorter man and cups his face in his hands. The deadpan expression Tony gives him is answer enough. "Okay, well in my defense I really had no idea you were flirting with me since I saw you flirt with Bruce and Thor all the time."
"Can someone please explain what's happening here?" Peter begged the rest of his family who all shared looks wondering who was going to be the one to tell Peter. "Really. Any one of you would be good."
Steve gets Peter. He'd be pretty awkward staying with someone he just met and Steve's never really been around kids much. None of his close friends have kids and Tony was the first guy he'd dated that has one, so he's not even sure how to interact with one or what to talk about with Peter.
"Boys, sit. Wanda made a tater tot casserole," Natasha instructs them as she finished setting plates on the table.
"How 'bout we get ya guys in the bath so you're all squeaky clean once dinner's ready?" Bucky asked, breaking the slight tension in the room.
"Come 'ere," Bucky said softly, ignoring Tony's sudden bad mood and arranged them on the couch so Bucky was laying on his back and Tony was tucked safely into his side and the back of the couch.
"There's five minutes left until the new year starts, bitches!" Clint shouts excitedly and more than a little drunk. "Let's hope for a less villain infested year."
"Thank you."
"You're pretty warm. Have you taken anything?" Strange asks Tony who scowls up at him and slaps the Cloak away from his face.
"I will be back soon," Loki promises and leaves with a final kiss to Tony's lips.
"I know, princess, I do too. It'll be okay though because you know what?"
Loki rolls his eyes, but leans down and gives his shorter boyfriend a soft, teasing kiss. It wouldn't be enough to hold Tony for however long Loki was gone, but it was enough to keep him waiting and looking forward to his return anxiously.
"Wow, that hurt," Peter jokes. "At least pops isn't here to give his 'I am disappointed in you' look."
Peter tried setting Tony down on another chair, but the three year old clung to him so the teen sat in his usual spot with Tony on his lap while Steve sat next to them, excited to have dinner. Peter was just glad that Steve hadn't asked for his mom again.
"True," they all replied and then started to laugh.
It's been three days now and Peter's losing hope and his head. Both kids are a handful and he's actually glad to be going to school and purposely takes extra long patrols when he does go out, which unfortunately isn't as often anymore because then he feels guilty for not wanting to help out with the mini version of his parents.
