had happened. The image of her disapproving face made him shake his head and grind his teeth harder as he shuffled into the tiny flower shop.
In the past, Sherlock would have had no qualms about using the pathologist’s attraction to get what he wanted. Today, he found that he couldn’t. Not because he was incapable of flirting, he very much was. It just didn’t feel right. Not in terms of his morals, those stopped him from flirting with Molly, but everyone else was still free reign. It just felt like a betrayal somehow, which made no sense since there was no one to betray. Oh who was he kidding of course there was. He knew exactly who it was but-
John’s tongue slowly circled the nub, before lapping over the entire thing. Sherlock cried out in pleasure as he hung onto John for dear life. His doctor’s arms were tight around his waist, the muscles flexing as Sherlock trembled in his arms.
“Right in one,” he said, turning away from the window and finally curling his fingers around Sherlock’s.
Sherlock nodded and John cast about for something to say. He selected and discarded several bits of small talk (why the fuck would a merman want to small talk?) before deciding just to  be up front.
“We change on the back porch and run in the woods behind the yard,” Sasha said. “This way. Um- Sherlock would you mind waiting here until we howl?”
The box inside was flat and made of smooth cream cardboard. More excited than he was willing to admit, Sherlock pulled the top off. Inside was a pair of beautiful leather gloves.
Sherlock nodded, “He was a witness I interviewed who...caught my attention so to speak.” He threw in a jovial winnk for good measure. People liked when he winked.
Here was the problem; Sherlock Holmes was completely and irrevocably in love with John Watson, and he had to ask for
“We were partners!” John shouted, jumping to his feet, “All this explanation about Moriarty doesn’t explain why you couldn’t
At any other time the sight of Sherlock’s long legs knotted up the bag strap would have sent John into hysterics while he helped the man untangle himself. Now, he felt too sick to muster up the energy to laugh. Instead he simply nodded and darted after the suspect, well as much as he could dart. It was more of a glorified stagger than anything.
Sherlock grinned as best as he could. John’s baffled, slightly hurt face was bothering him, but not in the way he expected. Instead of making him ache, it was sparking annoyance.
When they finally separated, they were both breathing hard. Sherlock was all but curled around him, his arms tight around John’ waist and the Belstaff spread around them.
The streets of London bustled around Sherlock as he walked down the pavement with John at his side. The Christmas decorations that once seemed gaudy and overdone now seemed to reflect his jubilation. Another challenging case was solved, Lestrade and, more importantly, John had been impressed by him. He glanced at the man in question next to him and smiled. It had been a truly delightful day. So much so that Sherlock was actually looking forward to eating dinner when they got home.
They were silent for a beat, then John felt a warm hand curl over his and give it a squeeze. John looked up and Aashriya gave him a tiny smile.
“How can I say no to such pretty pleading?” John said, the smirk in his voice obvious. Then he was sliding down Sherlock’s body again.
As Sherlock’s pacing brought him close John stretched out and snagged the detective’s hand, pulling him to a halt.
When John Watson was forty-one years old, Sherlock Holmes jumped off a roof, and John realized they’d never had enough time at all.
“Jesus Johnny, it’s not for a social call. Lord knows we’re both pants at those!” Harry said, her laugh crossed between genuine amusement and bitterness.
Sherlock froze for a moment, before he was pulling John closer and kissing him back. John smiled into the kiss and cupped Sherlock’s face gently, trying to put everything he was feeling into it. Sherlock’s lips were soft under his own, and John kept the kiss light and sweet, wanting to keep the moment gentle.
“What do you want Sherlock?” he growled, ducking down to press a quick kiss to Sherlock’s nipple, making the detective yelp.
With a twist of his wrist, and a snap of his fingers, a little ball of fire bloomed in Sherlock’s palm. Carlotta’s eyes widened and unable to help himself Sherlock morphed the flame into a ballerina, her little point shoes twirling over his palm.
The book in John’s bag suddenly seemed to weigh a thousand pounds and his gut tightened. Surely it couldn’t be the same Lestrade? The man would have to be well into his nineties if the book was to be believed. Cane barely touching the ground, John crossed the pier and pushed through the heavy wooden door.
“What did you do to John’s mobile?” Sherlock said, shutting the flat door with a bit more force than necessary.
“Sherlock Holmes. Mage,” he said, wanting the interaction to go as smooth as possible. This was for John.
Sherlock, John found himself trudging up the stairs of Baker Street. He was eager for a long bath and then some time alone to
Sherlock dipped his head and headed off. He heard Devaki turn around and her back to her party. Reaching the corner Sherlock held up a hand for a cab, his mission was accomplished so he had no desire to walk back to Baker Street, plus he was too excited to tell John the good news.
“At a sitter’s. I was just on my way home from work and decided to drop in.” he looked up then, his eyes following the line of Sherlock’s arm around Ajay’s wasit. “I-
The first thing that hit him was Sherlock’s scent, that crispness underscored with a chocolate musk. He’d smelt it at the restaurant, but then it had been mixed and covered by the scents of the others in the room. Here, alone in the bedsit where he brought no one, Sherlock’s scent was stronger, filling up the space and curling around John.
fit. His stomach was hard and his shoulders were broader. The muscles of his biceps and forearms flexed and bunched in a way that had Sherlock blinking rapidly as John held up his hands to be taped up before the fight.
Sherlock stared at the phone, wondering if his cheeks would be permanently red. He should have just gone home and sunk the toy out of his room himself.
He should refuse. He should say he had an important experiment and make a break for it, but he couldn’t.  The thought of being allowed to touch John, to feel that warm muscled flesh under his hands, was too intoxicating.
He wished he could tell John everything. He wished John could help him with cases again, wished he’d move back into the flat, wished...there were so many things he wished it almost choked him. It was pointless though, and right now the lies kept John safe. The chance at love was long gone for them and after taking down Mary, Sherlock was sure their friendship would be over too.
John shot him a playfully suspicious look and tossed the last of the paper aside. As he began opening the lid of the box, Sherlock suddenly felt nervous. What if John thought his gift was stupid? Or lazy?
“Everyone, this is John and Sherlock,” Devaki said, gesturing to them in turn. “This is Imran,” she pointed to a man in his fifties perched on a deep pink arm chair. “Julia,” a curvy blond sharing a dark blue sofa with, “Carlotta,” Devaki finished, nodding to a young woman with short hair and glasses.
“Surely you don’t think adding assault to your charges will help your case?” Sherlock drawled in his best ‘you blithering idiot’ voice. The angrier Minchel was, the more likely he would be to make a mistake.
Lestrade’s eyes were flinty and guarded in away that had John feeling like the biggest arsehole ever to exist. Why had he bothered to come here? He surely couldn’t ask this man if the stories in the book was true or not. Not unless he wanted to be thrown out on his arse. Besides, hadn’t the book convinced him there was no way he’d met a person of the deep? Still, there was something that felt off about the entire situation.
He slammed the door on that train of thought before it could form fully. He had John’s friendship, that should be enough, right? Right.
John couldn’t help himself, he let out a bark of laughter and grinned at Sherlock. Sherlock looked equal parts amused and shocked at John’s smiling face before he smiled back, revealing his teeth.
There was just one problem; Sherlock Holmes was completely and irrevocably in love with John Watson, and he had absolutely no idea how to tell him.
different. Sherlock was man and Aashriya was a woman, Sherlock was white and she was Indian. Aashriya actually cared about his wellbeing while Sherlock had left him for two years because he thought John would be a hindrance to his work and-
“C’mere Sherlock,” he said, pulling the detective to sit on the edge of his bed. He was glad the chair next to his bed was stolen by the next bed’s visitor. He was also glad said visitor had shut the curtain between the beds tight.
John’s hands slid from his hips to spread his cheeks wide, bearing Sherlock’s most intimate area. Sherlock went still under John’s scrutiny. No one had ever
“Enough,” Sherlock said, “He believes the story and that’s all that matters. Now, it’s time to fulfill your end of the bargain. Tell me about Mary, and what happened with AGRA.”
Sherlock threw a cursory glance at the amount and nodded sharply, tucking it into his jacket pocket. The cheque had given him an idea that might help him convince John his job at the clinic wasn’t necessary anymore.
The man gave him odd look, and then he was swimming closer, those odd eyes fixed on John. The colour of his eyes was oddly fractured, like a stained glass window of an old church. John blinked at him a moment. The man moved like nothing human.
Feeling like only two hours had passed, John awoke  to Mike knocking on the bedroom door. He groaned softly and blinked hard. His eyes felt as if they were coated in sand.
Sherlock hugged him back, his throat feeling just the tiniest bit tight. The privacy spell kept the moment between the two of them, warm and snug in the bustling café.
He growled softly, the hand on his cock speeding up as his other hand pressed harder over his hole. His pleasure began to mount. He slipped just the tip of his finger into himself, and flicked his thumb over the head of his cock.
The problem was Sherlock didn’t know what to get John. Last year he’d gotten John a dark blue jumper that went well with the colour of John’s eyes. John had loved it and wore it the very next time they went out.
. Perfect. Sherlock sat up from his position on the couch and ruffled his hair. John smiled brightly at him as he entered the flat, and took off his coat.
He’d always thought of him and Sherlock as equals, that they kept each other right, supported each other. He’d thought of himself as an asset to the work, not a weakness. He had thought Sherlock didn’t tell him because he wanted to work alone, or play it close to the chest. The truth was much harder to swallow; he hadn’t told John because John was a weakness, a hindrance to the work.
“Are you sure this trip is necessary?” John grumbled, as Nathan settled him onto the stretcher, and began checking his vitals.
The wind blew then, rustling the leaves and making John shiver harder. Aashriya’s scent washed over him, clean and crisp, with a hint of something musky that he couldn’t pin down, and alpha. She was an
Sherlock narrowed his eyes further, the wrinkles on his brow deepening. He opened his mouth to answer then shut it with a huff, before turning away to stare down at his shoes. His hand tightened around John’s.
“Nope, I’m fine,” he said, his voice as chilly as the weather. With that he sat firmly down on the opposite side of the tree, his back to his new neighbor. There was a beat of silence, then he heard her walk slowly away.
Sherlock turned to look at John. The doctor was giving him a concerned look. The same look he’d given Sherlock on the plane after he’d over dosed.
,” Harry said, her voice gentle. “If I ever saw that prick I’d punch him in the face, not take him out for
He caught Sherlock’s eye as Nathan tightened a pressure cuff around his bicep. The detective was staring at him, his eye narrowed and lower lip caught between his teeth. It was the most worried John had seen him in a while and he couldn’t help but be touched that it was over him.
John opened the wrapping eagerly. Although he never said it, Sherlock knew John loved getting presents.
“You. You,” the anger made John choke. “You thought it would have been better to leave me to suffer and grieve for two years. You thought it would be
“We make enough from the cases, so you don’t need your job at the clinic. You could quit and work with me full time, then there would be no need to worry about
Julia rolled her eyes, “Even for his own wedding.” When John looked at her she waved a heavy ringed finger at him and winked.
“Well, yes. You said you missed having a pack. This is your chance to get one.” Sherlock couldn’t understand why John looked so scandalized. He was getting what he wanted.
There was around of polite hellos and Sherlock and John were ushered into seats; Sherlock a green armchair and John on the sofa with Carlotta and Julia.
John sighed and lay  back, resigned to his faith. He knew it was necessary.If it was anyone else he’d be pushing them into the ambulance himself, but doctors did make the worse patients.
John kissed him deeply, keeping up the smooth press and glide of his finger and maddeningly keeping his weight off of Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock moaned against John’s lips as the doctor added a second finger. The stretch burned a little, but John gentled his movements until the pleasure took over once again.
Grinning John stood up, raising his arms over his head in a mock cheer. His opponent hopped to his feet, smiling. He slapped John on the back and offered his congratulations. Clearly being beaten by John was something that had happened to him before, based on his reaction.
Sherlock could care less about the other man. His eyes were riveted on John, as the man stood panting in the center of the ring. Sweat was trickling down his body, making his torso gleam in the light. Sherlock wanted to climb down and lick every bead of sweat from his body.
“Private or- sorry I thought you were finished,” John said his tone caught somewhere between annoyed and embarrassed. Sherlock didn’t know what to make of it.
for the fight. Sherlock’s jaw actually dropped when he saw John from the front. His chest had broadened along with his shoulders, his pectorals now hard and strong. The bullet wound was a star shaped patch of pink skin on his shoulder that did nothing to mar the beauty of John’s body. Instead it made him look dangerous, interesting.
Realizing he was out of time, Sherlock could only stare in horror, on his knees on the kitchen floor, as he heard John come through the flat door. Seconds later and John stood in the entrance to the kitchen. He looked from the mess, to Sherlock, and back again, his brow furrowed.
John found him himself letting out a bark of laughter as Aashriya grinned wolfishly at him and the ice broke. She kept up a steady stream of pleasant chatter, bringing John up to date on what she’d been up to, how the family was doing. She didn’t ask John much, which he was grateful for. It seemed his friend was just as perceptive as she’d been when they were younger, knowing when to press and when to hold back.
Sherlock didn’t seem to be fearing any better. His nostrils were flared wide, and he was focused on John with that laser precision that made something swoop low in John’s belly. He’d forgotten how potent that look was. Control, he had to stay in control. He locked his knees and gestured for Sherlock to enter the flat.
Sherlock hummed agreement, he needed to say something before left. He didn’t want to leave the conversation hanging. “Try to warm up with that tea John. I’ll try not to take too long.”
“The divorce wasn’t your fault, don’t sell yourself short.” Sherlock mumbled distractedly. His mind was whirling as he put together what Lestrade said, along with bits and pieces from the internet and his own ideas.
Sherlock licked his lips as their muscular, sweaty torsos slid together. The blood in his cheeks was taking a decidedly southern route. John was
Thank you for all the lovely comments, I'm so glad everyone is enjoying the story! A million thank you's to Lynn for being an amazing beta and advise giver!
“John! Sherlock!” she said, giving them a warm smile. She held the door wide and invited them inside. “Did you find us okay?”
Gently, John slid his pointer finger into Sherlock’s body. The detective gasped and tossed his head back as he was breached for the first time. Thanks to John’s thorough rimming, there was no pain, and he could just enjoy the slow glide of John’s finger in and out of him.
Sherlock opened his mouth to answer when suddenly, a light came  on upstairs. John jumped and Sherlock hissed as footsteps descended the stairs inside.
This year a jumper didn’t feel like the right choice…nothing did. Not shoes, books, clothes. It would make John uncomfortable if he spent too much money, so jewellery was out. Still, the gift needed to be
In the living room Sherlock spun to face John, who’d torn up the stairs behind him. Sherlock strode into John’s personal space and cupped the doctor’s cheeks in his hands. Uncertainty thudded through him, he didn’t have much experience in this area, but god damn it he
Sherlock nodded, swallowing hard, his eyes darted around John’s little room. John cringed at the thought of what Sherlock was deducing. He made two cups of tea on autopilot, trying to figure out what Sherlock was about to say.
A strained silence fell and, for the first time since he’d returned, Sherlock found himself wishing John would leave. He had work to do, work that John couldn’t and most likely wouldn’t want to be part of.
“Sherlock,” he whispered, ducking his head and peering up into the man’s eyes, hidden by his fringe of hair. “Its fine you know? It’s all
Sherlock stood in the entrance to the flat, dripping onto the carpet and chilled to the bone. His plans for announcing his feelings seemed ridiculous now. He doubted John would be in the mood after such a shit end to the day. Truth be told, seeing a bullet pass so close to a three-year-old’s head had been a kick in the bollocks to Sherlock’s romantic notions. What he really wanted was a hot shower and his bed.
“I don’t want any false encouragement, thank you. If I meet any other wolves, I want it to be organic.”
Outside the café, John and Aashriya stood alone. Harry had taken off for her flat, since it was just around the corner and Aashriya was trying to hail a cab. She’d offered John a ride home, but he’d declined once he learned they were going in opposite directions.
At that moment Ajay returned with a tray Sherlock didn’t remember owning laiden with a matching tea set. He was certainly taking hosting seriously.
By the time Saturday night rolled around Sherlock was as close as he came to being fed up of John. Everything had been fine until Friday night, then John had started prepping for Saturday. He’d picked out his clothes, which Sherlock teased him over until John threw him out of the bedroom until her was done. Saturday had come and John had washed his hair and shaved as carefully as Sherlock had ever seen him.
Standing up with a stretch, John shut the book and tucked it into his bag, a walk to the marina on his mind. Plus, there was supposed to be a pub near there that served good fare, according to Mike.
Sherlock was shaking his head before John was even finished speaking. Why couldn’t John see how important he was?
John gently pulled away, and pressed one last peck to Sherlock’s lips, which turned into another and another until they were both smiling to wide to continue. Taking a deep breath, John forced himself to head into the bathroom. If he stayed longer he’d just keep kissing and kissing Sherlock. Just before he stepped through the bathroom door, he looked back at the detective. Sherlock was smiling softly to himself, his eyes bright. Feeling lighter than air, John ducked into the bathroom.
Behind the shut bathroom door, Sherlock turned on the shower and adjusted the spray. As it warmed up he began to undress. Sliding his suit jacket off, he couldn’t help but wonder how it would feel to have John undressing him. To have John working open the buttons of his shirt as Sherlock was right now. John’s fingers would lightly stroke each bit of bared skin, making Sherlock shiver, and shiver he did, standing all alone in the bathroom.
Their shoes slapped loudly against the tile of the airport floors as they  dashed after Evelyn Finn, who was surprisingly quick for someone near 70. John was feeling decidedly unwell as he followed Sherlock’s flapping coat. His stomach was churning and black spots danced before his eyes. He ignored it and kept plowing ahead, if he knocked into more people than usual, well he’d just have to deal with bruised elbows tomorrow.
When he finally pulled back, both men were panting hard. Sherlock stole one more quick peck, before lightly pressing his forehead against John’s. The doctor was smiling widely, looking happier than Sherlock had seen in a long while.
There were many stupidly sappy things Sherlock could have said in that moment, instead he said, “Me too.”
She stopped talking at the look on John’s face, and smiled kindly at him. “What would you like to drink John?” she asked, and John was thank full for the subject change.
John regarded Aashriya, taking in her worry etched across her features. He wanted to help really but working a case would mean having to see Sherlock. The thought made his stomach clench.
“Can you tell me what symptoms she has, and why you think it’s unnatural?” he asked, his doctor brain kicking into gear.
“God, just look at you.” John growled, cupping Sherlock’s cheeks. “All pink and panting and I haven’t even touched you.”
Soon, Mrs Hudson and John were heading out on shopping trips and sneaking into the flat with bags they promptly hid. Sherlock had gotten most of his shopping done already; a new teapot for Mrs Hudson, a travel mug for Greg and his and her watches for his parents. For Mycroft he’d bought a voucher for a high end dessert place. Now, all that was left was a gift for John.
John was smiling at him, his face warm with joy. He slid his hands up Sherlock’s back and cupped the back of his neck, his thumbs rubbing the delicate skin behind Sherlock’s ears.
. Sherlock thought his plan of showing John a relationship with him would be more enjoyable than whatever he was up to with
Sherlock had destroyed John’s doubts one evening after explaining to John that as intriguing as Irene was, she was a woman, and they were both gay. Then, he’d pulled John onto his lap and proceeded to whisper exactly what he wanted John to do him once they got to the bedroom.
John nodded, trying his hardest to focus passed the colourful spots dancing before his vision. He reached out and grabbed Sherlock’s lapel,trying to steady himself.
‘My scent’s affecting him too’, John thought as he side-stepped Sherlock and headed into the kitchenette.
There was one thing that was bothering Sherlock though, and had been for some time now. He had tried to ignore it, to rationalize it away, but that was proving to be less and less effective as time passed.
Christmas morning dawned cold and clear. Sherlock was up early, teeth brushed and face washed, but still in his pajamas. It felt wrong to get dressed on Christmas. He heard the clink of teacups and happily went into the kitchen. Just as he hoped, a sleep rumpled John was at the counter waiting for the kettle to boil. John turned to him and smiled brightly. That, coupled with way his hair was sticking up, made Sherlock’s heart do something funny in his chest.
An innumerable amount of time later, he looked up at the stone. The gold letters glinted in the light and the white roses stood out starkly against the black stone. John scrubbed the tears form his face and took a deep breath, pressing his face hard against his palms.
Sherlock tapped the file impatiently against his thigh as he watched Greg Lestrade talk on the phone. Technically he could have left after he’d given his statement, but he had something important to ask Lestrade, if the man would get off the bloody phone.
After fighting so hard to get back to this point, to their peculiar brand of normalcy with murder and chases and crime scenes, he was terrified of upsetting the balance. Of ruining what he ached for since he’d come back from the dead and found everything so horribly, awfully different. Now, he had what he wanted and he quaked at the thought of losing it again.
The ride to the hospital passed in blurr of discomfort and anxiety for John. Finally, finally  he was put in a room, ported up and left to enjoy his drip.
Sherlock stood in front of his table, dressed in his usual suit, his hands clasped tightly in front of him. A loud ringing started in John’s ears as he sat frozen. It had finally happened, he had finally gone insane. He blinked hard, trying to remain calm, but the vision remained. Over Sherlock’s shoulder, John saw Angelo gaping in horror, one hand clamped over his mouth as he stared at Sherlock.
After that chilly afternoon when they first met, he had only caught glimpses of Aashriya. He felt bad about his reaction. Yes, he said no alphas, but he still felt like an arse. He wanted to apologize. Just because he didn’t associate with alphas didn’t mean he had to be rude to every single one he met.
He rutted desperately into the mattress, chasing the pleasure pooled deep in his belly. Immediately John’s hands clamped onto his hips, stilling them. Sherlock gasped in protest, but John’s hold was firm.
They sat in silence for a moment. John was nervously drumming his fingers on his knee, while Sherlock patiently waited for the barrage of questions he was sure to come.
They’d left the scene after the child had been handed over to child services. Lestrade had still been shouting at the officer who’d taken the shot.
“Why would John want your old stuffy?” his mother asked. Apart from no interest in small talk, he’d also gotten his bluntness from her as well.
Oh was he kidding. He’d gotten so lost in the mess of twists and turns and new suspects that he was more than content to take a backseat and go where Sherlock pointed them.
Swallowing, Sherlock carefully took his gloves off and busied himself with putting them back in the box so he wouldn’t have to look at John.
John stretched his arms over his head, making the muscles of his abdomen pull taught. That was it, Sherlock had to get to his room before he embarrassed himself and his friend. He turned to head for his room, keeping his coat on and praying John wouldn’t ask, when John’s voice stopped him.
He wondered what it would feel like to have John lick slowly over the taught skin of his belly when he was like this, shaking with stimulation. Sherlock shoved the thought out of his mind, he didn’t have time for another go right know. He’d have to indulge that other fantasy later…alone in bed… He shook his head and took some deep breathes, John was probably waiting for him to finish shower. When he had calmed a little, he pushed his sopping wet hair out his face and gathered some water in his hands to splash the come off the wall.
Lestrade was through with his call. He put down the receiver with a clang and sighed, scrubbing his hands over his face. Cleary he’d been talking to someone irritating. It must have been Anderson.
Sherlock followed suit, looking around as he did so. The house was warm, and done up in cream, with bright accents of colour. The living room had been hastily cleaned, as expected from two career women, with rich cream walls and comfy looking, jewelled toned, furniture.
Aashriya nodded and swallowed. “I’ll get right to the point. My girlfriend is ill, and she keeps getting sicker, and I’m beginning to suspect foul play.”
He needed- he needed- he needed more data on this mystery man. He couldn’t fight someone for John without knowing anything about the man. In the mean time he’d need to show John he would be a better romantic partner than whoever
John moaned against his lips and coaxed Sherlock’s tongue into his mouth prompting Sherlock to do some moaning of his own as John lightly sucked on the muscle. Sherlock panted hard as John tipped his head further to the side to deepen the kiss. Just when Sherlock was contemplating begging John to touch him more, the doctor pulled away.
He had just gotten out of the surgery and checked Sherlock’s latest row of texts, debating if he should respond. John knew he couldn’t ignore the man forever, and the last thing he wanted was another surprise visit form Sherlock.
Sherlock’s head dropped forward, the water cascading from his wet hair. He tugged at each nipple in turn, before soothing them with teasing touches, biting his lip to keep quiet. Opening his eyes and looking down, he watched as the water slid over his belly and thighs, trailing through the contours of his muscles and over his half hard cock. He pressed one hand against the shower wall and wrapped the other around his cock, the image of John firmly planted in his mind.
John’s leg bounced against the seat until Sherlock slid his hand over it. Even then the joint jumped under Sherlock’s palm as they turned down the street to Devaki’s house. Giving John’s knee a comforting squeeze, Sherlock paid the cabbie and they headed up the walk, a warm breeze lifting the hem of Sherlock’s coat. John swallowed and pressed the bell, then promptly stuffed his hands into his pockets, rocking on his heels.
A great big thank you to 221BeStillMyHeart for being an awesome beta reader, and thank you to every one who's enjoying the story so far! :)
By the time, Harry was at the middle of the queue, he and Aashriya were chatting enthusiastically about their secondary school days. John realized he was actually having a little fun. It was nice to talk about something totally un-Sherlock related, it made him relax and the knots in his stomach -that had been there since Sherlock manifested in a restaurant- uncoiled.
Angry with Sherlock for making him watch as he fell, for making John mourn for two years. Angry with Sherlock for trying to jam himself back into John’s life without giving him any recovery time. He was just so fucking
After a few moments of indulgence, John sat up, his face set and hard. He swung his legs over the side of the bed and scrubbed the tears from his face. Grimacing, he slowly stood and hobbled over to the bathroom to get ready for the day, the silver handle of his cane clutched tightly in his hand.
grateful for when John turned his back to him and began swinging his arms at shoulder level, loosening up the muscles and causing them to flex and ripple in a way that made Sherlock’s cheeks burn.
John smiled at him, his thumbs stroking over the back of Sherlock’s hands. He turned away, obviously heading for the drawer where they kept the takeout menus, before he turned back to Sherlock. He hesitated for the tiniest moment, before his rose onto tip toes and gave Sherlock another kiss.
John had responsibilities outside of The Work, and he knew how much being a good employee meant to John. He
John’s phone buzzed again and he warily stretched out an arm to snag it from the bedside table. A new row of texts form Sherlock greeted him.
That did it. With a ragged cry, John tossed his head back and came. Sherlock let out a moan as John’s hot come splashed over his chest and chin, painting him. He kept up the motions of his hand as John shuddered through the aftershocks. With a groan John slumped forward, peeling open his eyes and gazing softly at Sherlock.
Sherlock reached down to help John to his feet. John ignored him, and rose shakily to his feet, grabbing his cane. He saw Sherlock’s eyes widen at the sight of the metal pole clutched in John’s fist, and John bristled.
John eyes were glittering with lust. When he caught Sherlock’s eye he grinned devilishly at him. “‘No John’, what?”
John and Aashriya looked at each other a moment, the awkwardness thick between them. John swallowed and gazed around at the other people, trying to think of something to say to break the awkward silence. The chatter and clinking of coffee cups and cutlery seemed unusually loud. He tried to remember why he thought coming would be a good idea.
“I- I want to suck you,” he panted, his eyes locking with John’s. “I want you to sit on the bed and I want to suck your cock.”
“Give me your number and we can set up a place to meet,” Devaki went on, “And bring the wolf this time.”
“Could you help me?” John asked, smiling at him and rolling his shoulders. “Get the stiffness out I mean?”
“So I get off at four or so, but if you get bored at lunch time I can sneak away for a bit and drop you home.”
Clearly this was something Sherlock would have to bring up with John, since the man showed no signs of having figured it out for himself. Or even if he had thought of it, he probably had some notion of assumed impropriety that was preventing him from simply
“Sherlock?” John said, poking his head out of the kitchen, brushing biscuit crumbs from his lower lip.
“Are you sure?” Aashriya asked softly, her eyes filled with concern. “I’ll understand if you can’t John, really.”
He must have made some sort of noise. It was testament to just how distracting John was that Sherlock didn’t notice the sound leaving his mouth. The doctor turned to him and smiled, not stopping the up and down movement of his body. Sherlock tried his best to smile back as naturally as possible. Whatever contortion his face did must have been amusing, as John’s smile suddenly turned smug.
Well that's all folks! Thank you to everyone who read and enjoyed this story, and left kudos and comments! It meant the world to me!
“I can take it from here John, thanks” Greg said, his smile fading when he took in John’s expression. “You okay mate?”
As he limped down the pavement, cane clutched tightly in one hand, he idly wondered what Ella would think if she knew he still visited two years after-after
Twelve books stood on little plastic holders in front of an iridescent backdrop, and each and every one was mermaid themed. There were two children’s books, what looked like the last installment of a young adult series, and even colouring books. But what caught John’s eye was the oversized book that took up most of the left corner of the display.
Scrubbing a hand over his eyes John refocused on his phone. The last text made him sit bolt upright in bed.
“Yes John,” Sherlock said, as he smiled at him and kissed him again, before pulling back and eyeing John’s cock.
It was a cream jumper from Mrs Hudson. John commented on the softness and then motioned for Sherlock to open his own.
Feeling more confident, Sherlock licked a long strip up the side of John cock, before sucking the tip into his mouth. He sucked gently, testing out what pressure John liked best.
The plan had been simple, just as Greg suggested. He knew that although John loved excitement and action, he also loved the quiet moments in between. He especially loved when these quiet moments came with a warm meal in front of the fire.  The websites had suggested that putting a homemade touch would make things more special. Combing all these facts had lead Sherlock to the conclusion that cooking John dinner, and then eating it with him in front of a roaring fire, would be the perfect setting to finally confess how he felt.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but John cut him off. Now that he’d started he couldn’t seem to stop the words from pouring out of his mouth.
John turned to him, eyes warm, “Thank you so much for finding her, love. Thank you.” He pulled Sherlock into a hard hug, tucking his face into the crook of Sherlock’s neck.
His words trailed off as he stuffed a fist into his mouth, biting down to suppress a whine of pain. It wasn’t always this bad. Usually he’d chat with the stone, tear up a little and leave. Today, John could feel a full break down coming on. He needed to get back home, where he could curl up in bed with one of Sherlock’s old shirts and let himself go.
The silence stretched on for so long John thought the man wouldn’t answer. Then a deep rumble of a voice that made John’s earlobes tingle said, “Sherlock. My name is Sherlock.”
John learns more about Greg's past. He and Sherlock have an adventure, plus a strange new person shows up in town.
“Make it a take away.” John replied, standing up and holding out his hands to help Sherlock up. “it would be a shame to let the fire go to waste.”
The shower shut off and Sherlock jumped. There was soft shuffling from the other side of the glass door, then John’s silhouette grew larger and larger as he approached. When he stepped through Sherlock’s breath caught.
“Of course,” Sherlock said, settling himself and reaching for the remote. “I’ll catch up on the news while you change.”
Sherlock’s mouth felt like cotton wool as he stared at John, mesmerized by the bunch and flex of his muscles as he propelled his body up and down with ease.
Tucking the flowers into the crook of his arm, he headed out of the shop and stopped dead in his tracks. There, across the street, was a very familiar black car idling softly. John scowled and turned away, marching down the pavement. This was the third time in the week he’d seen Mycroft’s car and he wasn’t in the mood. Not today of all days.
John was staring at Sherlock as if he’d suddenly grown a second head. He looked between Sherlock and Ajay, his mouth agape and biscuit forgotten in his hand.
“For our income,” Sherlock said, propping his feet on the coffee table and folding his hands on his lap, trying to be as casual as possible.
Swallowing, John pushed open the door and entered the shop. He didn’t know why the display made him feel so disturbed but he
“Yeah that’s nice. Real nice, Sherlock keep going!” John said with and ugly laugh. “What do you expect me to think? I spent all this time thinking I mattered. Now I see how wron-
Greg kept shooting him suspicious looks, obviously wondering why Sherlock was still here. The detective usually waltzed out if the Yard as soon as he was through with a deduction or giving a statement. Sherlock gave Greg a tight smile, smothering his amusement when the DI looked even more baffled.
“Well that was one way to go about it,” John said with a grin, relishing Sherlock’s bark of laughter.
Sherlock took deep breaths, watching his come mix with the water and slide down the drain. Tipping his head back, he pulled his torso taught under the spray and let it wash the come from his trembling body. The sensation of the warm water gliding over his sensitive flesh and tingling nipples made him shiver. He was always over sensitive after he orgasmed.
“Unfortunately yes,” Nathan said overly cheerful. “I doubt you’ll have to stay overnight, so don’t worry too much.”
“I’m glad you enjoyed it.” John replied, his words muffled where he was pressed against Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock went still as John lay long, wet kisses over his hip bone, moving closer and closer to his cock. His strong hands kept Sherlock’s hips pinned to the bed, preventing him from twisting toward John’s mouth. Just as his lips were millimeters from Sherlock’s shaft, John by passed it entirely, laying kisses over Sherlock’s quivering thighs instead.
John turned down a side street and Sherlock lingered at the corner, losing himself in the crowd as John opened a metal door and ducked through. This was…odd. the building wasn’t residential, unless it was a club. He waited five minutes before following John through the door, giving the doctor enough time to get well inside the building so he wouldn’t notice Sherlock enter.
Sherlock shivered hard at that thought. He’d never gone to bed with anyone else He’d never met anyone he trusted enough to expose himself too, but this was John, and Sherlock found himself
One accidental meeting with Mike, seeing a messy flat, and shooting a cabby later, John found himself at dinner with a mad alpha with the most gorgeous cheek bones. Sherlock’s scent was amazing, a mix of freshly fallen rain, with an un-namable crispness to it, all which was underscored with a rich, chocolaty undertone. John had noticed the amazing scent as they sat in Angelo’s. He flirted, of course he had, only to be shot down. If Sherlock said he was married to his work John wasn’t going to push. He liked the man, and wanted to move into 221b. Friendship would be enough.
Thank you to everyone who read, bookmarked, commented, left kudos and subscribed! Everyone meant the word to me! Next up I have an alpha/omega johnlock fic in the works!
“I don’t think I’ll be able to look at you with out wanting to kiss you for a long, long time Sherlock Holmes.”
“Police step back!” he heard Lestrade shout to the crowd gathering around. He jumped when the man’s hand came down on his shoulder. Greg hadn’t sounded so close…
A new family had moved in next door. John had watched idly from his window as the moving truck pulled up in front of the new house. An Indian family climbed out, stretching and chatting animatedly. It was a typical family; mother, father, a son and daughter. The son was on the other side of the car so John couldn’t see him clearly, but the daughter was in view. It was too far to see details; all John cold see was long curly hair and the suggestion of high cheek bones. It was enough to peek John’s interest.
John froze when he saw what Sherlock was looking at. It was Sherlock’s old scarf, hanging neatly on the hook next to John’s coat. John’s stomach tightened and felt dreadfully exposed all of a sudden. The feeling increased as Sherlock gently took the scarf off the hook and brought it to his nose.
They struggled for a moment, before John jabbed his opponent in the back of the knee with his own. The man stumbled and John took his chance. In no time he had the man pinned to the mat. The referee hurried over and began counting. John’s opponent was panting hard, trying to twist himself free. It was no use. The ref finished his count and John let his opponent up to a smattering of cheers from the few people standing around the ring.
“Keep going John!” Sherlock bellowed, struggling to untangle his legs while glaring daggers at the woman, who met him glare for glare.
To his surprise, he walked into an actual bait shop. Racks of fishing poles filled the aisle before him, and baskets and coils of rope hung from the ceiling. John headed toward the counter at the end of the store, passing barrels of bait and a crate piled with outdated life vests. A small, elderly woman sat behind the counter reading a romance novel, and smiling to herself. The clunking of John’s cane made her look up as he crossed the room.
Swallowing, John wobbled across the  floor and grabbed his cane. He glanced down at the book in his hands and up at the girl behind the counter, who was busy with a spreadsheet of some sort. Licking his lips he walked over to the counter and smiled as she rung up the book.
Sometimes he thought Sherlock felt the same way, but as quickly as that thought came John shoved it aside. He heard Sherlock berate romantic ties too many times to count, and he wasn’t about to wreck the healthiest friendship he had in his adult life with his own assumptions. So, he filled his days with hours at the clinic and chases through London with an amazing alpha, and was content. At least that’s what he told himself. If he stood closer to Sherlock when some omega made eyes at him, or stood closer than usual to alpha clients just to see Sherlock frown and call him away for some unnecessary task, well John was only human.
“I’ve got the tea!” Another woman entered the room and it only took a glance to see she was Devaki’s wife. “You must be John and Sherlock. I’m Sasha” she said, setting a tray with cups enough for all on the coffee table.
He leaned forward and did just that, delivering a sharp nip to Sherlock’s lower lip. Sherlock whimpered in John’s arms, each flex of John’s tendons against his trapped wrists making him shiver.
It was the soft sincerity of the thank you that did it. Sherlock leaned forward, only a little John was so close, and kissed John softly on the lips.
clients. They didn’t need John’s pay cheque to pay the bills, and going by the look on John’s face, John liked leaving Sher-
. John felt his spine snap straight. No alphas, that was his rule. Aashriya’s brow furrowed slightly, obviously wondering what caused the change.
Sherlock took a deep breath. He’d said everything he possibly could on the matter without revealing his lo-
“Keystroke monitor and tracker,” Ajay said around a mouthful of chocolate biscuit. He swallowed laboriously,  “I thought it’d be smart to  keep an eye on the doctor.”
John stared at him, his mind whirling with Sherlock’s words. “I-I was your weakness,” he murmured, his voice hollow. The words made him feel sick to his stomach.
Soon, numbers were exchanged and Sherlock was ready to head back to Baker Street and give John the good news.
After John and Sherlock had gone to Argos’s apartment, Sherlock had managed to deduce where he was running to with his daughter. They’d called Greg, and soon sound themselves crammed into his car heading for the docks where Argos planned to make his escape.
Mike vanished down the hall as John stood up. The handle of his cane was rough with sand and bits of grit fell from the wood with each step John took. So he
If asked, he wouldn’t have been able to tell how long they kissed for. All he knew was that his chest felt so warm he thought he’d burst into flames and he never knew how delightfully solid John’s body was.
John had had enough. He strode past Sherlock and yanked the door open, angrily gesturing for Sherlock to leave. He could feel Sherlock’s gaze on him, though he resolutely kept his eyes focused dead ahead. Without another word, Sherlock walked out the door, the scarf still clutched tightly in his hand.
Clenching and stretching his fingers, John strode out of the office and through the restaurant. The cold January air hit him hard. Roughly zipping up his jacket he stalked down the pavement resisting the urge to scream. Sherlock lied to him for two years and then had the audacity to be angry at John. Grinding his teeth John turned toward home, it was a long walk, but he needed to think.
A humorless chuckle left John lips, “I was here celebrating our anniversary you fuck, but thanks for that Sherlock. Thanks so much.”
John inhaled sharply through his nose. “So, Molly, Mycroft and the network were allowed to know, and I wasn’t.”
There first sexual experience happened on the couch, after Moriarty had threatened to blow them up at the pool. It was coincidentally the same night John realized he was in love with Sherlock. It was messy and frantic and absolutely glorious, with Sherlock on top of him and their hands curled around each other’s cocks. Afterward, Sherlock had looked up at him with soft eyes and kissed John long and deep. John had wanted to say it then, but he didn’t want the first time he told Sherlock he loved him to be over shadowed by Moriarty, so he’d kept his mouth shut. It was something he’d regret with all his heart in the months following.
He teased Sherlock’s rim with devastatingly light flicks of his tongue, alternated with deep sucking kisses. The lewd, wet noises filled the room, as John broke him to bits with nothing but his tongue. Sherlock was going to lose his mind; he was sure of it. No one could be soaked in pleasure for this long and emerged unscathed. It wasn’t possible.
For his part Sherlock picked out his nicest casual suit, styled his hair and was somehow waiting on john when it came time to leave.
As he showered he thought about Anthony Hopkins, the man Ajay said Mary had fucked over. If the man was still in the country, or still alive for that matter, Sherlock wanted to meet him. He hadn’t been able to find anything on him online, no social media, death records or anything.
In a series of contradictions his cock was hard and he was crying. He rolled onto his back, ignoring his situation and jammed a knuckle into his mouth to stop the sobs.
Ajay raised his eyebrows as Sherlock slammed the glasses onto the table and poured them each a generous shot.
Sherlock shot to his feet, his own face flushed with anger. “Of course, that’s not why!” Sherlock hissed, his words coming out machine gun fast as he got angrier, “If you really think that your secondary gender makes a difference then you mind must have gone soft while I was go-
At the commotion John sped up, putting himself between Sherlock and the car. He leveled a deadly glare at the man inside as they walked passed, and Sherlock felt warmth flow through him at the protective gesture. He felt something inside him bubble up, the same way it had been since John had moved back to Baker Street. He turned to John, and the man smiled up at him, his eyes glowing with the thrill of a case solved. Sherlock opened his mouth- and promptly clamped it shut, raising his arm to hail a cab.
“It’s alright John,” Sherlock said, and John could feel Sherlock’s warm breath against his ear. “Take all the time you need.”
Sherlock stood panting by the foot of his bed. He could hear the blood pounding in his ears, and his heart was beating a wild tattoo against his shirt. The shower seemed louder than usual and it took all of Sherlock’s considerable will power not to imagine John naked and soapy no less than ten feet away from him. If he did, he knew nothing would stop him from storming into the bathroom and falling to his knees before John.
The beta clerk behind the counter gave him a knowing, if slightly pitying smile. She’d recognized him from the blog the first time he came in and complimented him on it, before emphatically telling him she didn’t believe Sherlock was a fraud at all. John made it a point to get his flowers from here just for that.
“Has anyone every kissed you here, Sherlock?” John whispered, pressing a kiss behind Sherlock’s ear.
“Next time you decide come, stand ring-side ok?  The view is much better.” John said, with a sly smile and a wink.
The time stamps on the texts made him pause when he saw they’d been sent in the wee hours of the morning.  ‘The git wasn’t sleeping’, John thought, quickly followed by ‘he made me mourn for two years, let him lose a little sleep’.
Here was the problem; Sherlock Holmes was completely and irrevocably in love with John Watson, and he now he had to plan the perfect way to tell him.
Shock coursed through John, freezing him solid. It was immediately followed by a bone deep feeling that this was absolutely bloody
After a snide commentary over his fairy of a son, and other statements that John had blocked out long ago, he headed out to the pub, as usual. John cringed at the thought of what his father would say to the other bar patrons when he was a too many pints in.
John had settled back at Baker Street, and things were back to normal. Well, as close to normal as things could ever be at Baker Street. It was good, better than good. The only problem was this
Out of the corner of his eye he saw John’s eyebrows lift. Sherlock could see why. Devaki cut an impressive figure, clad in a blood red dress that clung to every curve and patent stilettos. She was sliding her coat off as she walked towards them, a coat that rivalled the Belstaff Sherlock couldn’t help but notice.
Things were calm now. Mary, and all that came along with her, were long passed. Eight months passed to be exact. The anger, hurt and horror over everything had faded, and while he and John would never be the same, they’d finally learned to change together. To adapt.
and the delicious contours of his muscles. Shaking his head, he snapped his eyes to the kitchen. The faster he did this the faster he could retreat to his room.  He hurriedly placed his hands on John’s shoulders and gave them a squeeze. John winced, pulling away slightly, and Sherlock felt his stomach drop.
This was really getting ridiculous. Sherlock growled this time, as John shot him a smile tinged with disappointment and left their current client’s house for the nearest tube station. He was leaving Sherlock on a case.
“Lift up love,” he said, tapping Sherlock’s hip. “Lube?” he asked, after tucking the pillow under the detective.
. It was a sweet kiss yes, but it wasn’t what Sherlock wanted. He opened his mouth to protest when John cut him off.
He skidded around the corner of the ally, breathing hard, and surveyed the space behind the warehouse. He and John were tracking a drug smuggler, turned human trafficker, named Peter Minchel. The man had been responsible for the kidnapping of dozens of women. They had finally made a break in the case yesterday when Sherlock had figured out where the ladies were kept before they were sent overseas. They’d lain a trap for Minchel at the warehouse and the idiot had done a runner.
He sighed softly and shut the book. He was being ridiculous. What he needed was a halfway decent spy novel and a  cup of overpriced coffee. Shutting the book, he made to stand up.
John huffed as he limped into Angelo’s. It was sentiment of the lowest order, but John was a sentimental man. That was the only way to explain why he’d come to Angelo’s today, unless he just enjoyed torturing himself. Sherlock would scoff at it for sure, him coming to this restaurant on this day, but Sherlock wasn’t here, so what did it matter.
Today John seemed more distracted than usual. Gazing morosely out of the window and sighing softly every so often. Sherlock waved his fingers over John’s cup of cold tea, a moment later steam rose from the surface. He brushed spell warm fingers over the back of John’s hand to get his attention.
John gave him a quick kiss and released him. Sherlock hands immediately went to jacket button, wanting to get rid of his clothes as quickly as possible. John hands slid around his own and stopped him.
He legs refused to work. John stood frozen, a fist mashed against his mouth and an arm clamped around his belly as he struggled to hold it in.
For two months, it was bliss. They were drunk on sex and on each other, snatching moments behind the school and at whoever’s house was empty, exploring what they liked and experimenting with new ways to get each other off.
Sherlock smiled. His mother was never one for small talk. Something Sherlock both appreciated and inherited from her.
of a cup being set on the coffee table for Sherlock, footsteps, and the soft click of John opening his laptop.
Calling for John to follow he made his way into the house, intending to search the little girl’s room, the thrill of the chase pumping through him. The room was what he’d expected, pale pink walls, tiny bed, bookshelf of inane children’s books. This would give him nothing, the house was scrubbed clean of any evidence of Victor, Mrs. Argos had seen to that. He needed to see the man’s flat.
Sherlock hummed and kissed John again, nice and slow. Who cared about a temperature gauge when John was so close? They kept exchanging delicate kisses, John in Sherlock’s lap, his hands roaming from Sherlock’s face, to his neck, to his hair. Sherlock’s own hands stroked over John’s back and arms, holding him close. He was about to suggest moving to the couch when John’s stomach growled. Their eyes met and both men broke out into giggles.
Sherlock bit his lip as warmth spread through his chest. John’s eyes darted down to Sherlock’s mouth, his tongue flicking out to wet his lips. Sherlock’s heart beat double time in his chest, as John’s eyes darted up to meet his, his pupils were dilated. He wanted Sherlock.
“My brother opened a restaurant you know,” she said suddenly, clearly just as eager as John to change the topic.
He finally saw her again on his first day back at school. Apparently, Aashriya was not only in his year, but in his class as well. He saw her standing there that first day, looking awkward and very nervous as she took in her new surroundings. She spotted him and gave him that same tentative smile she had the first time they met, and John found himself walking over to say hello.
“I had too, John. Moriarty was on the roof with me. He would have killed you, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson if I didn’t,” Sherlock said in a rush, his eyes wide and glued to John’s.
“So…you want us to share the money we make on the cases? That wouldn’t be fair, Sherlock. I make enough at the clinic and I don’t want to mooch off of you so-
“If I’m going away for as long as you say I am, one other charge won’t make a difference now would it?” Minchel growled before rushing forward and swinging the pipe.
One foot chase, a confrontation and a gunshot later, and Argos had fallen to the ground dead. His daughter still in his arms.
. He’d been making John tea, he’d done the shopping, he had even gone to the pub with John and Lestrade, and suffered through an evening of knowing looks for the DI. He didn’t dare tell John how he felt as yet
John looked slightly nauseous, but took a biscuit anyway. He crammed half into his mouth and chewed almost angrily. Sherlock himself felt irked. He hated the tension between them, but more than that, he hated that John was angry over his supposed relationship. As if John hadn’t gone off first. As if he hadn’t stayed with someone who’d killed Sherlock.
“Of course not,” Sherlock scoffed, “After that I’m never using a romantic cover again, far too much mess.”
Not trusting his voice, Sherlock nodded and strode over. He still had his gloves on, so it’s not like he’d be touching John’s bare (
John ripped his hands out of Sherlock’s and shoved Sherlock out of his space. He stalked over to Angelo’s desk chair, sinking slowly into the seat as he tried to process everything.
“Yes I did,” Lestrade said, crossing his arms. “If you want an autograph, you’re out of luck I’m afraid. Dad died two years ago.”
John settled down with another present, leaning against Sherlock’s side and smiling when Sherlock wrapped an arm around his shoulders. The world hadn’t stopped turning, Baker Street hadn’t exploded. John loved him everything was both the same and beautifully different.
The DI was giving a him a very warm smile for some reason. Sherlock smiled hesitantly back and made for the door.
How wrong John was. This would be the very thing that would kill Sherlock and it would be all John’s fault. Still touching John would be a pleasant last activity to do.
Luckily, his gaze was still on Ajay so the heat in his expression wouldn’t look odd. Ajay was handing John a cup, but at a squeeze of Sherlock’s fingers he turned to him with a smile. The smile turned slightly salacious in response to the heat in Sherlock’s expression, a lip sliding between Ajay’s white teeth.
Finally, with one sinful undulation of John’s tongue and a stroke to his prostate Sherlock came. The world crashed and burned around his ears as he came down John throat. Pleasure shot through his limbs as he shouted John’s name. It lasted longer than any of his solo orgasms, the pleasure and satisfaction crashing over him in waves that went on and on. He thought he would die from the sheer amount of pleasure coursing through him.
“Thank you,” Devaki said with a smile, finishing her sandwich. “So we’re having a pack get together on Saturday. We try to do them once a month besides the night of the full moon because, well you know, on those nights we aren’t very chatty. Would you like to come? You and Sherlock of course.”
He was in a boxing ring. The door opened onto a low, shadowed metal balcony with a long flight of stairs leading to an open space below. Over the railing, Sherlock could see a ring in the center of the large room. Thick read and blue ropes framed the square elevated mat. It was a boxing ring, an honest to god boxing ring.
” he swept his eyes down their bodies. “This is the most important thing I’ve ever done.” John’s smile turned impish, “Now, can I kiss you?”
“You told Molly and Mycroft and the fucking homeless, but not me! What was it? Is it because I’m omega? Hum, think the delicate little omega can’t protect himself? Is that it?” John shouted, panting with rage.
There were the soft sounds of footsteps over tile and then Sherlock felt the air move as John knelt in front of him.
All of that was irrelevant know though; the case was solved and Sherlock wanted something to eat. Preferable something with lots of sauce. He was debating between Tika Masla or Roghan Josh when he noticed John wasn’t next to him anymore.
Sherlock knew how to cook. He was a grown man who’d lived alone for most of his adult life, of course he knew how to cook. He was good at it and although the food he usually made was simple, it tasted good. If that was the case, then why-oh-why was everything going so wrong, and on tonight of all nights when it mattered more than it ever did.
Sherlock smothered a whine behind his teeth and stroked faster, thumbing over his glands. The fatigue from the case and failed love confession meant he wouldn’t last very long.
John waved as it pulled away, and turned to head for the tube station. Night had fallen while they’d been in the café and there was a chill in the air as he walked away. He zipped up his jacket, stuffing his hands in his pockets, contemplating what he had to do.
Then, came the devastating news. Aashriya’s father had gotten a job in Wales, and the entire family would be moving before the end of year. Aashriya cried as she told him and John held her and stroked her hair, giving a her a sweet kiss to make her feel better. Soon the kisses turned into more, and he found himself under her as she rode him slowly. Their eyes locked the entire time.
John stared at the black stone in front of him. The wind bit at his cheeks and tugged at his coat. He’d have to make this visit quick.
Shakily, Sherlock pushed himself onto his forearms and knees, John’s hands helping him into position. Once John was satisfied he was properly positioned, he spread Sherlock’s cheeks again and dove back in. Soon, he was pressing the tip of his tongue against Sherlock’s loosened muscle, wiggling his way inside. Sherlock blurrily raised his head from where it hung between his shoulders. He felt practically insensate with pleasure, his mind filled to the brim with
He gave John a final smile and he shut the door on him. Bounding up the stairs, Sherlock was  totally unaware of the bone deep loss that was dragging John Watson under.
Twenty minutes later John was seated with that overpriced coffee and his mermaid book in a cozy little coffee shop around the corner. The shop was nearly empty at this time of day so John was able to get a seat by the windows that made up the front wall of the building.
“About the oven yes. The love confession, no.” He stole another kiss. “And I did tell you about the temperature gauge, but you were probably off thinking.”
The two of them stood frozen under the street lamp, eyes locked. They were standing so close that John’s chest brushed Sherlock’s with every exhale. Sherlock felt the words bubbling with in him again. From the look on John’s face he was eighty-five percent certain they’d be well received. Still. It was a fifteen percent chance he wasn’t willing to take.
“Roll over, lovely.” John purred, laying one last kiss to Sherlock’s ankle. Sherlock swallowed and complied, whining as his cock was pressed against the sheets. John began slowly kissing his way up Sherlock’s other leg, pausing to suck at the delicate skin covering the back of his thigh. When he got to his arse John, once again, by passed it entirely, and followed the groove of Sherlock’s spine with his lips. By the time John reached the nape of his neck, whispered pleas were falling from Sherlock’s bitten lips.
John gave her a twitch of his lips, smiles felt wrong on his face these days. Sighing he headed over to the rows of freshly cut flowers in green buckets set against one wall. He picked a different type every time.
He opened his mouth, moaning softly as John’s tongue slowly slid against his own. John made a muffled noise and got on his knees, shuffling closer to Sherlock until their chests were pressed together. Sherlock tightened his hold around John’s waist and pulled him down onto his lap, as they kissed and kissed. Relief and joy at his returned affection coursed through Sherlock as he cupped the back of John’s head in one hand, carding his fingers through the soft hair. John made another one of those delicious sounds against his mouth and deepened their kiss.
The girl slipped out from behind the counter pulled the book from a low shelf. When she handed it to him it was heavier than he expected.
He’d taken one deep sniff of the air, although related alphas and omega wouldn’t find each other’s heat scents attractive they could still
“No pants, you naughty thing.” John purred, licking his lips as his eyes roamed over Sherlock’s body.
Sherlock blinked hard and nodded once, before looking at John. John’s eyes were so gentle Sherlock felt his heart clench.
He’d made it halfway across the living room when a long hand on his shoulder stopped him and turned him around. Sherlock had been quiet all the way home, not in his usual post case analysis way, but in a somber manner unusual for him after a case. His face was unreadable as his eyes flicked over John’s face, taking in the cut at his temple and bruising on his jaw.
John gasped quietly, but before Sherlock could pull away and apologize, John was kissing him back. Soft and firm and perfect. The dragon got squashed between them as Sherlock pulled John closer, wrapping his arms tight around John’s waist and tilting his head.
That explained the foreign smell, sweatiness and elation. Sherlock felt relief rush through him. John wasn’t seeing someone else, which meant Sherlock still had a chance. For once he was glad he’d been wrong.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice was tentative, “Why is there an application for a joint bank account open here?”
Greg’s tone was teasing, and not the least bit mocking, but Sherlock’s nerves were frayed enough as it was.
“I’ve told them a bit about you and Sherlock”, Devaki went on, “And I thought we could chat a bit and then have a run together. If you’d like.”
Sherlock gasped, his head falling back as John’s lips closed over his nipple, flicking it with his tongue. His hands clawed into John’s shoulders. He knew his nipples were sensitive, but this- this was something else entirely. No one had ever- this was
Sherlock took a moment to listen to them calling back and forth to each other. It was easy for him to pick John’s howls out of the others. He was attuned to it after so many years together. Sending a thank you to the watching stars, Sherlock headed back into the house. He was sure there was enough tea in the pot for another cup and
Sherlock nodded, eyes still locked on John.  John stared back, taking in the deepened wrinkles at the corners of Sherlock’s eyes and lips.
“They fit perfectly!” Sherlock said, wiggling his fingers at John, “And they’ll match wonderfully. Thank you, John!”
“I’m getting ready for work, if you want to come into town,” Mike said, sticking his head around the door.
Holding his hand steady, Sherlock dug his heels into the mattress and began to thrust into his fist. His eyes were screwed shut as he imagined John’s toned body as he’d seen it at the ring two days ago. The ridges of his abs, the deep grooves under his hips. The way his arm muscles would bulge and flex as he held Sherlock’s hips steady and pulled at Sherlock’s cock. John was so strong he’d probably just need one hand to pin Sherlock’s wrists to the bed. He’d hold them crossed over Sherlock’s head as he thumbed over the slit and- and-
“Yes we do, John. I was worried we would have gone to our graves, but now,” he grinned, “Now, we have today…”
“No, it’s fine,” Aashriya said, shooting Harry a look, “Now’s not the best time considering what- what happened.”
Shaking the thought from his head, Sherlock jumped out of bed and headed for the shower. He had several interesting body parts waiting for him at the morgue and no time for his thoughts to get derailed by John’s body. Again.
Sherlock eyes were warmer than John had ever seen them, his lips quirked in that little odd smile of his.
“She seemed genuinely interested,” Sherlock went on, “At least meet her one on one to feel things out.”
A loud slurp from John was their que to break eye contact and act embarrassed at being caught making eyes at each other.
He would tell him after their next case. The adrenaline and thrill of solving it would be a perfect back drop. John loved the cases, and hopefully he loved Sherlock, so putting the two together should go well. At least that’s what Sherlock hoped.
Mind made up, he sat up and flung his legs off the bed. Making John tea was the first order of business.
“If he’s free.” As the words left his mouth John realized he didn’t know what the hell he was going to ask the man when he saw him.
The men squared of in the center of the ring, their taped hands held at chin level. Suddenly, the tattooed man feinted right and the struck out with his left fist, aiming for John’s jaw. John blocked the blow easily and dropped his left arm low, before curling it upward and punching the other man in the ribs. The man grunted and danced backward, out of John’s reach.
Slowly the world righted itself and his breathing eased somewhat. John buried his face in his hands and curled over himself. The beige room was silent save for the soft sobbing coming from the huddled figure on the bed.
Sherlock flopped back onto the sofa. He’d been expecting John to have this sort of hang-up. Clearly he would have to spell it out for him, accidental revelations be damned.
Pulling back, John smiled wickedly up at him. The dim light of the room threw the muscles of his shoulders into stark relief. That, paired with his tousled hair and roughish smile, made John look incredible sexy.
wasn’t in the mood for Harry’s antics. He was tired, stressed and still had to decide what to do about Sherlock. He must have been silent for too long as Harry’s voice came through the line again.
Glancing over his shoulder he saw the car slowly tailing after him. John gave Mycroft the one finger salute over his shoulder and kept walking, his cane thudding loudly on the pavement with each step.
Sherlock flinched again and stared down at his lap, nervously twisting his fingers together. He wished the floor would open up and swallow him.
Sherlock cut off that train of thought and inhaled subtly. There it was. Under the smell of wool and sweat there was the smell of cologne. A cologne that wasn’t John’s.
The detective slowly complied, his eyes still downcast. John took Sherlock’s hands in his own, giving them a squeeze and chuckling when he realized the man still had only one glove on.
Sherlock shook his head, his body suffused with heat. “Can we get on with it please, John? I want to kiss
decorating, not that he would ever admit it. He tried to cover by grumbling and groaning as usual, but something about the way John looked at him made Sherlock think his ruse wasn’t entirely successful.
John’s voice cut into his inner doubt. The doctor was looking at him with concern. Sherlock swallowed hard, and stared at John, analyzing. His hands slide to the doctor’s shoulders and gave them a squeeze. It was time to put all the years of doubt behind him and be brave.
He can still remember it clearly. The process hadn’t been a slap-bang-this-is-what-you-are-enjoy sort of thing. It had been scents subtly changing, certain instincts slowly setting in, and alpha boys and girls suddenly noticing him more and more as the days passed after his birthday. He was well aware of the process, it was his body after all, and he knew things were changing. He remembered hoping and praying the entire time that he was making a mistake and would turn out to be an alpha, or at least a beta.
Twenty minutes later he was in the car with Mike heading towards town. The scenery was beautiful he had to admit, but his rough night wouldn’t let him focus. Soon Mike rounded a corner and the buildings of the little town came into view. John sat up straight in his seat and stretched.
“What about here, hum?” John husked, his mouth hovering over Sherlock’s left nipple, his warm breath ghosting over the nub.
“Careful John. Minchel knows we’ve found the women, and at least one of them will be willing to testify. He won’t come quietly.”
John bit his lip, his expression a mix of more emotions Sherlock thought possible for a human face to hold. It was the glimmer of hope that made Sherlock ache. He had a possible pack practically in his lap, and propriety was making him balk.
Emily Argos had recently divorced her husband Victor, due to his increasing instability and violent out bursts and his refusal to seek help. Emily had gotten sole custody of their daughter, three-year-old Sara. When Mr. Argos heard this, he swore at the judge and vowed to ‘make the fucking bitch pay’ before storming out of family court.
Soon, Sherlock’s nipples were puffy and pink, and even the tiniest flick of John’s tongue hand him arching off the bed. John smirked at him and continued kissing down Sherlock’s body. Down his side and around his navel, then a few more feather light kisses around his belly button when he found out it made Sherlock giggle.
By the time Sherlock knocked on the warped door of his room, John was showered and dressed; the thick jumper and jeans felt like battle armor. Just as John put the kettle on, there was a rap at the door. Into battle then. Swallowing hard he opened the door to reveal the tall, imposing figure of the detective.
Things progressed beautifully after that. Sherlock proved to be a very affectionate boyfriend, stealing kisses and twining around John like a vine after he’d had a long day. John loved every bit of it; lying on Sherlock’s chest on the couch, with his nose pressed against Sherlock’s scent gland, snogging until they were breathless and panting, with Sherlock sprawled over his lap as they sat in his chair.
John’s eyes flicked between them as Ajay perched on the arm of Sherlock’s chair and Sherlock curled an arm around his waist. Thankfully, it was easier to fake affection with Ajay than it had been with Janine. The man was built the way Sherlock liked; shorter than him and compactly muscled, much like John…
John limped down the road, grinding his teeth with every step. It was Sunday, the day he visited Sherlock’s grave. Ella had told him the visits needed to stop, that making a habit out of it wasn’t healthy. That had been his last appointment. As much as he knew he needed the sessions, he couldn’t stomach having his grief being picked apart any more. In the back of his mind he knew that Ella was probably right, but he would bloody well visit Sherlock if he wanted to and he didn’t see why he should feel guilty over it.
“Yeah, I’ve been running alone since I got back from Afghanistan and it’s not…the best of circumstances.”
“I barely make page six,” Sherlock said dryly, giving Ajay’s wasit what he hoped was a playful squeeze.
The harbourmaster turned out  to be a grey haired, lively looking man seated behind a cluttered desk. The single window in his office gave John a view of the docks and cast a blurry grey light through the room.
Now, after two weeks of not enough sleep and only eating enough to keep going, John was regretting not telling Sherlock to go on without him while he rested. He wasn’t old damn it, he’d gone on longer missions than this in the army and he’d been fine.
The problem was; Sherlock Holmes was completely and irrevocably in love with John Watson, and he was absolutely terrified of telling him.
John woke up to commotion. He was on the floor, although he had no memory of getting there, with his head pillowed on hard thighs. Sherlock’s scent was all around, causing him to instinctively turn toward the source. The musky scent filled his lungs and his mind reeled at the fact that this was actually happening. Sherlock was
When he heard the bathroom door shut, Sherlock slumped into his armchair with his violin clutched weakly in his hands. John Watson was going to be the death of him.
Soon, John was letting out a continuous string of moans as Sherlock worked him over with his tongue and hands. He found the pressure that John loved the most and was using it to his advantage, one hand stroking John’s shaft, while the other rolled and caressed John’s balls.
So far John hadn’t noticed him. John trotted along at quick pace, his stride revealing his excitement. It made Sherlock’s heart hurt, to see John so excited over someone else, someone who was not him. In Sherlock’s mind John’s lover had taken on Adonis-like qualities. He would be everything Sherlock wasn’t. Blond and built, where Sherlock was thin and wiry, kind and clam where Sherlock was harsh and volatile. Sherlock shook his head to clear his mind. He would find out if his deductions were right soon enough.
“No no, don’t mind me. It’s perfectly natural to give your favourite childhood toy to your flatmate. Perfectly platonic.”
“Ash and I ran into each other at the shops the other day and got to talking. She follows the blog you know,” Harry said, grinning at John.
It was a week after the massage incident and Sherlock had been climbing the walls. His libido, which had always been on the average side, had gone into over drive. The new data of John’s moans and his praise took a starring role in Sherlock’s showers now. Luckily John hadn’t noticed, unfortunately this meant he had no qualms about walking around the flat in his vest or- God help him- shirtless. Sherlock had perfected the art of hiding his arousal beneath pillows, and whatever else was on hand.  Just as he felt he’d either need to confront John or go mad, Lestrade had called with a case.
. John was getting the very thing he’d spent years bargaining with an indifferent God over, and he was turning away. He couldn’t help it though, he was just so
“Well,” he said his eyes going distant with memory, “I believe the best place to start would be with how we met.”
Everything seemed to pause and John contemplated diving into the water after the man. Yet before he could seriously consider it, the man’s head popped back up a little distance away, his gaze wary.
“Did I say you could rut into the bed like a little tart?” John growled, his lips now less than inch from Sherlock’s ear.
“I was taking apart Moriarty’s network.” Sherlock said, eyes on the floor and shoulders slumped. “I had to make sure there wasn’t anything left of it. Any- anyone who might come seeking retribution. It- it took longer than I anticipated.”  Sherlock’s voice had gone whisper soft.
Wincing at the thought, John pushed open the door and let Angelo’s overly cheerful greeting wash over him. He would have been expecting John, no doubt. John only ever came to Angelo’s for one reason anymore; to celebrate his anniversary with a dead man.
John delicately trialed the tip of his tongue down Sherlock’s spine, making the detective cry out. His cry blended into a sharp gasp as John pressed a lavish kiss to one of his arse cheeks.
Sherlock’s words trailed off as he looked back at John. The doctor was looking over his shoulder into the living room, taking in the fire and the table set nicely for two.
“That’s bullshit,” she said, as they lounged on her couch watching telly so John could delay heading home. “My father’s an omega and he could kick your dad’s arse any day.” She’d winked at him, and John had laughed despite himself.
Just as Sherlock was about to drop to his knees before John, the doctor stopped him again. Sherlock looked up at him in confusion, his mind spinning with lust.
“Do sit down John, I’ll fix us all tea,” Ajay said, gesturing for John to sit and then bustling into the kitchen himself.
“Well, she’s been very lethargic, and her- her body just seems to be shutting down,” Aashriya said, swallowing hard. She looked up at John her eyes bright with tears, “Her hair started falling out John, and she said her finger nails are coming loose.”
“It’s not for me,” Sherlock interrupted, not wanting to wander down memory lane. “It’s- it’s for John.”
Sherlock hummed and cuddled John closer. His fingers traced over the muscles of John’s back, enjoying the feel of the hard, compact body on top of his. John propped himself up on Sherlock’s chest and pressed a kiss to the detective’s lips.
With that, she swung her glamorous coat over her shoulders and strutted out of the café. More than a few heads turned to watch her go.
Sherlock jumped when warm fingers curled under his chin and tipped his face up, bringing him face to face with John.
“I’ve wanted to do that for ages,” he said, gently playing with the curls at the base of Sherlock’s skull.
Now, here he was. The pasta bubbling merrily away on the stove with nothing to go with it, a bowl of goop that was supposed to be dressing on the counter, and a dish of blackened chicken in his mittened hands. He sighed and looked at the clock, John should be home in half an hour, that would give him plenty of time to clean up. He would have to reschedule his confession,
Sherlock seemed to be having a harder time than John at controlling himself. He staggered into the flat, keeping his body turned to John, his lips slightly parted and eyes wide.
Sherlock supressed an eye roll. John didn’t talk much about his father, but he’d said enough over time for Sherlock to know the man had been an odious prick.
Sherlock blinked and focused on John. The doctor was still sitting on Minchel, who was quietly grumbling under breath and glaring daggers at the two of them. As their eyes met and held, Sherlock felt his cheeks heat.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, a dozen snarky replies on the tip of his tongue. He held them all back though, he
The prickle of annoyance returned as Sherlock thought of John’s behaviour. He sat in his chair and turned his mind to the case, ignoring Ajay’s eyes on him.
As if summoned, Lestrade called the next day with a murder and linked kidnaping. It was a four at best, but he was desperate. The conditions weren’t quite what he’d had in mind for his declaration, it was pouring with rain, but John looked egger so off they went.
The case faded into the back of his mind as he slid the shirt off his shoulders, imaging John laying kisses across his chest. He hurriedly tore off his trousers and pants and stepped into the shower, letting the warmth engulf him. Turning his thoughts to John, he imaged the smaller man kissing his way down Sherlock’s neck and licking over one of his nipples. Sherlock tipped his head back under the spray and let his own hands glide down his neck and over his slick chest. His thumbs brushed lightly over his nipples and he sighed softly, the sound lost in the noise of the water. He circled the nubs harder and pinched them, all the while imaging smaller, darker hands in place of his own.
Two women and a man sat around the room, eating snacks and chatting softly. They all looked up expectantly as they entered.
John gestured vaguely to his arse and Carlotta gasped as the rest of the room erupted into laughter.
Executing a sharp about face, John turned and marched out of the grave yard, leaving the cold headstone with the words he wished he could have said to the man below.
John pulled back and smiled wickedly down at him, before he dove down for a kiss. John never spoke to him in these instances. He smiled and winked but he never said a word. Sherlock groaned again, as John took his nipple between his teeth and tugged. He worked his fist harder over his cock, thumbing the glands and flicking over the head.
“I have an old friend of yours who needs some help.” Harry cut in, clearly getting annoyed with his mumbling.
John knew that sneer, it was the sneer that meant Sherlock was hurt and trying to hide. John’s rage swelled. What the fuck did Sherlock have to be hurt about?
Sighing, Sherlock set his phone on the night stand and stared at the wall. He knew perfectly well why he was willingly subjecting himself to his mother’s teasing. The feelings he had for John had been deepening and deepening since he’d jumped off that roof. They had been there before of course; one didn’t jump of a roof for just a friend. But Sherlock had only admitted to what it was when his toes were curled over the roof’s edge, Moriarty’s body cooling behind him.
He cracked open his menu, though he knew he’d order the same thing he always did. The food arrived quickly and John ate slowly, staring at his plate and trying not to think too hard about Sherlock. He was still trying to reach a middle ground where he thought enough about him that he wouldn’t forget anything, but not so much that he’d break down in public. Having that happen once was enough.
He turned and began unbuttoning his shirt as he headed for the bathroom. Sherlock got a glimpse of John’s shoulder muscles flexing as he shrugged the shirt off his shoulders, before he turned down the corridor and disappeared from view.
He was babbling, he was sure of it, as hips flexed off the bed. It was too much, it wasn’t enough. John hummed around his cock, his fingers keeping up his relentless assault of Sherlock’s prostate as he bobbed his head. Sherlock’s pleasure shot higher and higher, his hands clawing at the bed sheets as John drove him wild.
Their first time going ‘all the way’, a phrase Sherlock scoffed at in a way that made John laugh fondly, was after Irene Adler had sauntered into their life. John was uneasy those few weeks Irene was around. True, Irene was an alpha like Sherlock, but alpha and alpha relationships weren’t unheard of, and if any two people were to go against social convention it was Sherlock and Irene.
Sherlock sighed as he walked down the pavement two weeks later. John was getting more and more despondent and it was making Sherlock worried. He’d decided to take matters into his own hands; hence the walk. His senses were cast out fully, searching for any werewolves. It was a complex spell; he wanted to know where the wolves were, but not have them know he was looking. He also didn’t want any other creatures popping up on his radar. Last time he’d cast his sense out, he’d forgotten to block properly and a ghost had lurked around Baker Street for a month.
! And don’t give me that shit about it not being safe! You now damn well I can take care of myself!”
He worked his hand faster as John began to lick and suck at his neck, nipping hard on Sherlock’s ear lobe.
John was on her in an instant. Smothering a kernel of guilt- she was a murderer after all- he charged forward and followed her to the floor. Ignoring the shouts around him and the fuzziness in his head as he pressed a knee into her back and kept her shoulders pinned.
“Reserved parking, very nice,” John told Mike, mustering up a smile as Mike pulled up in front of the clinic.
John twitched his lips again and waited patiently as she selected three of the biggest ones and carefully wrapped them in brown paper.
The DI hurriedly cleared his throat and sat back., still smiling far to much. “Right. Telling someone they’re important. Do you have any idea how you want to do it?”
“….tell someone important.....”The DI’s brow furrowed as he tried to make sense of Sherlock’s words. Sherlock could practically here the click when he put it all together.
Sherlock swallowed and took in the rest of John’s position. The doctor was next to their living room table, one hand planed on the ground and the other clenched in a fist at the small of his back. The pose pushed the muscles of his arms into stark relief, allowing Sherlock to see every taught tendon pressed up against John’s skin. Each up and down movement caused John’s shoulder and back muscles to ripple and flex in a way that made Sherlock think of a lion on the prowl. Coiled and dangerous and ready to spring.
“Alright, let's get you settled,” the same tooth aching cheer was back and John could feel his patience wearing thin.
John thanked her and headed through the door, hoping he wasn’t about to embarrass himself spectacularly.
His hand was tight around his phone when it started ringing. John felt his stomach drop into his shoes, and he stopped dead on the pavement. A woman behind him ran right into him and swore under her breath, as the two of them stumbled. John mumbled an absent-minded apology, his eyes glued to his phone. He slowly turned it over to see the cracked screen, and relief flooded through his veins when he saw Harry’s name flashing across the screen.
John nodded, taking a sip of tea. “Sorry, I’m at a bit of a loss here. Sherlock’s never mentioned you.”
“I thought I red stitching would match the red on the button holes of your coat,” John said, looking a little shy, “Do they fit?”
John dropped his cup and sat  straight up, heart in his throat. The thud came again, higher up on the wall of the porch, as if something were trying to scale it. John pinched himself hard on the thigh, pain bloomed and he felt a strange sense of relief. Definitely awake this time.
As they chatted he observed his old friend. She still had the same high cheek bones and curly hair, though the frizz he remembered had been tamed into styled curls and the cheekbones she’d complained about in the past, insisting they made her face horse-like, were emphasized with some sort of shiny make up. Aashriya had aged too, just as John had. There were lines at the corners of her eyes and mouth, and a bit of grey at the temples, but it suited her. All in all, she was just as lovely as John remembered, the tempered, mature version of the girl he’d known so long ago, with the same dry sense of humor he loved.
“You should know,” he breathed, his lips brushing Sherlock’s with every word. “I love you too. I have for a very long time now Sherlock.”
John swallowed the urge to correct the moniker. “Yes- um- Sorry to bother you but, I just wanted some information on a book.”
Things were going wonderfully. John had been working with him full time for four months, two weeks and six days, and every single moment had been glorious. Well, of course not
Taking in John’s confused expression, Sherlock’s mind inexplicably turned to the little red haired girl clutching the certificate. Show time indeed.
John swallowed hard, blinking against the pricking in his eyes. He inhaled sharply, trying to remember Sherlock’s scent. He lived in constant terror that he’d forget that mix of chocolate and crispness that made him weak in the knees. He had a few of Sherlock’s shirts and a scarves, but Sherlock’s scent had long since faded.
Mashing his lips into a thin line, he surveyed the flowers. There was everything from carnations, to roses. The white roses caught his eye. They were lush and full, and looked pretty fresh. The price wasn’t the best though.
in the gaps between cases. Sherlock couldn’t figure out exactly where John was going, which irked him to no end. Whenever there was a lull between cases, or a gap with in one, John would go to this
John. He could say it while they were in a cab, or just watching telly, but he didn’t want that. The romantic part of Sherlock, a part of him that was deeply hidden but still very much there, wanted it to be special. Something that would give this moment the heralding it deserved.
A man in a referee shirt stepped between them and raised a whistle to his lips. Sherlock felt his anticipation grow. He stepped closer to the edge of the balcony and gripped the railing, his breath coming in sharp puffs. The ref blew sharply on the whistle and the match began.
John knew she was being sincere, but looking at her face, at the worry in her eyes, he knew that he wouldn’t be able to leave now and not feel like a complete prick. He nodded and gestured for her to continue. He could at least here what this was about then decide what to do.
Here was the problem; Sherlock Holmes was completely and irrevocably in love with John Watson, and- and it wasn’t a problem at all.
“He will. He doesn’t even know I went looking. I couldn’t risk disappointing him if I turned up nothing.”
He needed to talk to Sherlock. He’d make it perfectly clear that this was just to help his friend and that was it. A part of him wished he could call Aashriya and say he’d changed his mind, but he knew he wouldn’t. All he had to do was think of her face as she talked about her girlfriend and he’d remember why he’d agreed to do this.
Nathan gave Sherlock a patient look, before turning his attention back to John. “Can you stand Dr Watson?”
Sherlock’s huge hand came to rest on John’s shoulder as he pointed to the circled picture. “Evelyn Finn,” he said “and-
John’s words went up an octave as Sherlock obeyed, tightening his lips around John’s cock. John’s eyes fluttered shut as Sherlock swallowed more, going slowly so he wouldn’t gag. He couldn’t fit very much into his mouth and he frowned to himself. He wanted to be able to swallow John to the root, and taste all of him. He huffed and tried to fit more into his mouth, his jaw twinging as he gaged.
If Sherlock had looked back on his way out, he would have seen John looking up at the balcony, a sly smirk on his face.
“See you then,” Mike said and trotted through the door of the clinic, waving at John as he passed a window.
Sherlock let out a sigh of frustration as he watched John hail a cab and leave the crime scene. The wind tugged at his coat and ruffled his hair, making the crime scene tape flutter. He knew he shouldn’t be frustrated. He
Sherlock pulled back suddenly, eyes wide and breathing harsh. John didn’t let him go far. Before Sherlock could panic, John gently cupped a hand around the back of his neck and pulled Sherlock back in.
Soon he was fielding all sorts of magical questions and half expecting Carlotta to ask to be his apprentice when Devaki spoke up, getting their attention.
Aashriya laughed looking mildly caught out. “It was nice to see you having so much fun and the cases are so inter-
“Thank you so much John,” she said, her voice sounding choked, “I know it can’t be easy, but thank you so
John looked up into his face, at cheeks, nose, lips, eyes. Sherlock’s scent wafted over him and suddenly it was too much. Spots of colour clouded John’s vison as his knees gave out. The last thing he felt was Sherlock clutching his arm tight as he slid to the floor.
Ajay turned to Sherlock with a sneaky smile, “Yes, we wanted to keep things quiet at first. Given his fame and all.”
His words were cut off as John swooped down and sucked hard at the other nub. Taking it into his mouth and working it with his tongue. Sherlock’s hands flew to the back of John’s head, tangling in John’s hair and encouraging his movements. John bared his teeth and Sherlock nearly levitated off the bed as the doctor tugged lightly at his nipple, before soothing it with lavish licks.
He yawned and trailed a hand over his stomach and through a streak of his come. His mind did what it had been doing during down time for the past two days; replaying John’s fight at the ring.
“Boyfriend yes,” Ajay said, giving John a conspiratory smile, as if he was letting him in on a secret.
‘I wonder why?’ he thought sardonically, then promptly shoved the thought away as he slid into the booth next to Harry. Aashriya shot him a wink as she sat opposite them, and John felt himself smile for the first time in months.
over. He’d emerged from his room, shaking and starving, his mum was kind to him, feeding him up and promising to draw him a bath. Then his father had walked in.
“I have for a long time now, Sherlock,” John plowed on, “Years really. Before you faked you death and after you came back. I loved you then...I love you now.”
had been building between him and Sherlock for years. If there even was something. John was pretty certain there was, but a tiny, uncertain part of him kept his mouth shut.
John swallowed hard and tried not to be obvious as he inhaled deeply, drinking in as much of the scent as he could. A tiny, primitive part of his brain wanted to grab Sherlock and bury his face in the man’s neck to drink up more of his scent. He silenced that stupid part of his mind and focused on the man himself.
“All in good time darling, all in good time.” John soothed, kissing his way down Sherlock’s leg. Sherlock shivered at the implication. How long was Joh going to keep him like this? He looked forward to finding out.
The cruelest part of his dreams wasn’t having Sherlock so close again, although that was torture all on its own, it was the almost ‘I love yous’. The fact that even in his dreams he couldn’t get the one thing he wanted the most.
Carlotta was in the green chair next him where Imran had been and Imran had somehow moved to the couch without Sherlock noticing.
John gently cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands and kissed him softly. “Take your time, alright love? We have all the time in the world.”
“I would love to stay and chat but my lunch hour is nearly up and it’s a twenty-minute cab ride back to the office.
She hesitated a moment and then pulled John into a strong hug. Her scent hit him again, making him think of warm summer days and lazing around watching telly on her old, saggy couch.
“The medics are here,” Greg’s voice came from somewhere above them, but John couldn’t be arsed to look around.
“What! What would have happened?” John shouted, his chest heaving, “Molly and Mycroft and so many others knew. Did anything happen to them? DID IT?”
“Er, no,” Sherlock said, eyes still down. “It was mine when I was little. Remember I told you about it? I still had it and thought you would appreciate it since yours was,” Sherlock searched for the nicest word to use, “taken from you.”
He tugged the coat down Sherlock’s arms, the detective straightening his arms to help, and then draped it over the banister in the hallway to dry.
He smiled as best as he could as he was lead to his table, a booth tucked into the back of the restaurant where people hardly ever sat. It was perfect for John to celebrate his love and hide his grief. He’d had their first anniversary, after
The café was crowded with the lunch time rush when Sherlock and John entered five days later. John and Devaki had been texting for a few days and had nailed down a place to meet. From the messages Sherlock could tell Devaki was just as eager to meet John as John was to meet her.
Hands shaking slightly, he slid off his gloves and rubbed his hands together to warm them before placing them on John’s shoulders. John’s shoulders drooped at the contact, his head hanging forward. For Sherlock it was better than he could have imagined. John’s skin was smooth and firm under his hands. Sherlock dug in carefully, kneading the muscles under all that glorious, golden skin.
Sherlock blushed and nodded. He kept his eyes locked with John’s as he slowly unfastened his trousers and slid them down his legs. John’s eyes followed his movements, his eyes blazing brighter as more of Sherlock’s skin was revealed.
He plunked the cups hard onto his desk and sat in his desk chair, arms crossed and glare ready. Sherlock hesitantly took a cup and looked around the room, before sinking onto John’s bed, sitting stiffly.
He made Capitan and something began to grow between him and his C.O, a clam beta with a thousand-yard stare.
“And why couldn’t you have told me after? Why leave me to suffer for. TWO. YEARS!” John cried, his voice cracking.
“Not here Sherlock. I don’t want my first kiss with you to be in a dank alley, with this piece of filth as a witness.”
John crossed his arms in front of his chest, taking a deep breath. The anger put everything into sharp focus, smothering the panic that his dead alpha was standing in front of him. He nodded once, his jaw tight with rage. Sherlock looked at him desperately for a moment, before striding over and taking John’s hands. He inhaled deeply and his shoulders sagged with relief as John’s scent hit him.
Sherlock huddled back closer to John, a smile on his face and his body warm and sated. As he drifted off he couldn’t help but be thankful that John had decided to take up boxing.
“I read this book by L.G. Lestrade and I just wondered... if you knew the author?” John said, swallowing nervously.
. The entire world narrowed down to John’s fingers and tongue, his mind blanking out to nothing but a litany of
John’s face lit up and he smiled, “Oh yes I’d really enjoyed that,” he glanced around the room, “If everyone else is comfortable of course.”
Sherlock nodded and walked away, hearing John follow. The blue and red lights of the police cars painted the scene around them, reflecting off the puddles on the road. As he passed one car in particular shouting came from within, along with the sound of a body hitting the door repeatedly. Spearing a glance at the window, Sherlock saw the man he’d just proved a murder spitting curses at him through the glass, his face red and twisted in rage.
An old friend? That brought John up short. Who the hell could that be? It couldn’t be any of his old army mates. They knew of Harry, but wouldn’t approach her out of the blue. He wasn’t in touch with any one from uni, except Mike for the occasional pint, which hadn’t happened in months. Maybe it was one of their friends from Secondary school? John suddenly went cold, what if it was
They’d barely made it, and John found himself over Sherlock and in him. He knew it was Sherlock’s first time, so he took it slow, and kept it sweet. Everything slowed down as they rocked together, their eyes locked and lips meeting for slow, deep kisses. John used every skill he had, his hands, lips and the motion of his hips to make Sherlock shake apart below him.
Although John’s tone was soft, and not the least bit angry or cruel, Sherlock still flinched and looked away. He rubbed his sweaty palms on his thighs, wincing at the streaks of burnt chicken sauce they left behind.
He kept still and listened to the thumps as John took off his shoes and soft sounds of his footsteps as he headed into the kitchen. There was the gurgle of the kettle filling (long enough for two cups), the click of the switch, and the other mundane sounds of John making tea for them.
Mike had gone up to bed ages ago. John cradled his teacup and leaned back in the old rocker, slowly rocking himself in time with the waves. He was half asleep when something slammed hard into the side of the porch. Something large.
Despite the easiness of her laughter, and her put together appearance, John though Aashriya looked tired. There were dark circles under her eyes and weary look in them in moments between her words. He was still debating if he should ask her if she was all right, when Harry slid back into her seat, shoving a latte towards John. He hated lattes.
to get back to the flat with John, so they could continue what had nearly happened in the alley. His forehead was still tingling form John’s kiss. If John could have such a profound effect on Sherlock from such a simple gesture, the detective had no idea what would happen when they actually kissed, or when they did- did
There was a pause. “Now Sherlock, I’m not a sentimental person but I’d rather if you didn’t experiment on him. He was your favourite when you were small. I remember when-
“Yeah, just up the main road on the right. There’s a coffee shop around the corner that makes a decent cuppa, and the marina is over that way.” He pointed toward the left where John could just see the masts of several ships peeking over the tops of the buildings. “It’s a small town so don’t worry about getting lost.”
He’d gotten the chicken seasoned and in the oven just fine, only to find out half an hour later that something must have been wrong with the temperature gauge, as the chicken was now burned rather than golden brown. While the chicken had been secretly burning, he’d chopped up things for a salad as the pasta cooked. Then he’d tried to make salad dressing, only to find out they were out of olive oil. Sherlock had gone down and borrowed some form Mrs. Hudson. Unfortunately, whatever brand she used didn’t agree with the other ingredients and the bloody dressing just wouldn’t come together.  During his furious whisking, he’d smelt the chicken burning and to his horror realized that the star of his meal was ruined.
“I believe this is the amount your website stipulated?” she said, handing Sherlock a cheque decorated with a miserable looking Robin.
The hesitance, hope and tiny bit of fear in John’s voice was the final push Sherlock needed. He clutched the small hand in his lap between both of his and took a deep breath.
The warmth bled right off of John’s face as he turned to stare coldly at Minchel. Glaring, he made his way over to the struggling criminal.
When John’s tongue finally breached his entrance, and began to slowly slide in and out of him, Sherlock snapped.
John leaned over and rummaged for the lube. Snapping it open, he let his eyes wander down Sherlock’s body.
A soft gasp came from the kitchen as Sherlock focused on making things look realistic; shutting his eyes and tilting his head. They kept it chaste, just a press of lips on lips, perfectly appropriate  for a hello kiss between new boyfriends.
The two men grappled for dominance, arms locked around each other as they both struggled to stay up right. Finally, John managed to tear himself free from the other man’s hold. He hooked his arm around his opponent’s body and spun him around, pressing his chest up against the man’s back, his arm curled around his collar bones. The man grunted, his body arching in John’s arms. Every single muscle in John’s arms stood out in stark relief as he held his opponent steady.
“Yeah, sorry. What was that?” he said, pushing away from the wall and approaching the whiteboard Sherlock stood in front of.
All evidence of his wanking gone, he grabbed his shampoo and got to work, little aftershocks still running through him. As he scrubbed he thought of his problem. Clearly telling John after a case wouldn’t do. He wracked his brain trying to think of something, but every idea seemed too cheesy or too boring. He was a genius for fuck’s sake, why was this so difficult!
Sherlock smiled at John across the breakfast table. Breakfast was half eaten around them and the news was talking quietly in the background, none of them really listening to it. Any other morning Sherlock would have been itching to finish breakfast and start on an experiment, or check the website for a case. The morning of a full moon night was different though. John was always tense the day of the full moon, and although he never said, Sherlock knew John appreciated when he stayed close.
Sherlock looked back at him, lips pressed together. He was clearly struggling with what he wanted to say.
A wheel chair had been brought for him and John eased himself into it gratefully. Sherlock immediately took hold of the handles, ignoring the medic’s protests and began starring John carefully through the airport.
He hummed in pleasure around John’s cock, causing the man to gasp raggedly. Feeling inspired, Sherlock did it again and again, all the while keeping up the motions of his tongue, until John was arching above him, his hands tight in Sherlock’s hair. Smirking to himself Sherlock hollowed his cheeks, before pulling back and mouthing over the glands and slit. Swallowing John’s cock again, he began to bob his head, John’s warm hands helping him find a rhythm.
He jumped when he felt hands on his shoulders. Blinking, he refocused on the room and found John behind him, easing the damp Bellstaf off of Sherlock’s shoulders.
Sherlock froze and looked at him, then slowly bared his teeth. John held still, refusing to flinch as two rows of glistening fangs were bared to the light. He knew if he pulled back  Sherlock would be gone in an instant. Whatever showed on John’s face must have be enough. Sherlock relaxed and swam closer again. John felt his own shoulders relax in turn.
Sherlock felt his cheeks heat, but John simply kissed him again and rolled onto his side, pulling Sherlock with him. They exchanged lazy kisses and Sherlock felt himself melt further and further into the mattress. The exhaustion from the case and the exhilaration of the sex blended together into a warm sort of sleepiness.
Sherlock kept his eyes glued to John. The bright over head lights and recessed position of the balcony kept him in the shadows. He was confident no one would see him, something he became very,
“I-I’m sorry John. I didn’t mean to- I” Sherlock took a deep breath and squared his shoulders, before looking up at John. “Good night John,” he said, his shoulders stiff and eyes sad.
Minchel was quicker than he thought. He hooked his foot around Sherlock’s ankle and let go of the pipe, causing Sherlock to fall hard to the alley floor. Damn it! He should have anticipated that move! His shoulder scraped the wall as he went down hard on his arse. Minchel laughed cruelly above him, and lifted his leg to give Sherlock a kick.
The wolf grinned at him and Sherlock smiled back. A large grey wolf at the centre of the pack let out a long howl and took off into the woods. The others followed yipping playfully. John paused a moment at the end of the trees and gave Sherlock a happy wag of his tail. Sherlock nodded and John took off, letting out a happy howl of his own.
Sherlock’s head spun as John began placing sucking kisses down his crack, getting closer and closer to his hole. When he finally kissed Sherlock over his opening the detective wailed in way he didn’t think he was capable of.
Sherlock blinked at him, feeling his face heat. John was learning to fight to help with the work, and to surprise him?
had happened, at his and Sherlock’s usual table by the window. It hadn’t ended well. John had spent the entire dinner feeling exposed, torn open. It didn’t help matters that the other diners kept staring at him, wondering if he’d been stood up and seemingly baffled that someone would come to a restaurant to eat alone. A table at the back solved the latter problem at least. The torn open bit he’d have to work out on his own.
John grinned at her and leaned closer in a conspiring manner, “You know, in The Silver Band, it’s not the shoulder the minister gets he arrow in.”
There was more laughter and John’s shoulders relaxed for the first time since they’d had coffee with Devaki. Sherlock sank back into his chair as their hosts plied John for more scandalous unpublished details. Soon, even Sherlock found himself relaxing as he sipped his tea, letting the conversation flow over him in that pleasant way it did when people around him where genuinely trying to get along and chat.
He immediately spotted John’s sandy coloured wolf merrily sniffing at the cluster of wolves around him. John had the wolf approximation of a smile on his face as he sniffed behind the wolf Sherlock assumed was Carlotta due to its small size. A glossy black wolf approached and lightly bumped her nose against his hand.
They were at dinner at Angelo’s the next night, with a candle John no longer bothered protesting, pasta and fine wine. John was giggling and trying to smoother it as Sherlock deduced people around them for his enjoyment and then launched into a comical retelling of their last case.
Sherlock swallowed hard and began frantically scooping vegetables off the floor as John footsteps made their way up the stairs. Deciding the chicken was more embarrassing than the veggies, he dumped what little he’d picked up and grabbed the chicken off the floor. The blasted thing was still hot and with a hiss Sherlock let it splat back onto the tile. The damn thing left a sticky streak of sauce down the front of Sherlock’s shirt
Sherlcok’s lips met his, softly, gently, and John could feel his own hesitance reflected in the way Sherlock kept the kiss chaste.
Aashriya’s voice faltered and she glared hard at the table. This time it was John who found himself reaching across the table to wrap his hand around hers.
John focused on his breathing, trying to calm down and dimly aware of Angelo guiding the other diners back to their seats.
“You get so glum around the full moon, this is your chance change that,” Sherlock said, a thread of frustration sliding through him.
He could hear John hot on his heels. Another perk of John’s boxing was that he was faster. Now Sherlock didn’t have to worry about leaving him behind.
“Don’t look like that,” he said softly, giving Sherlock’s hand a squeeze, “I’ll be back on my feet by tomorrow, tonight even if I take it easy.”
He gently took John’s shoulders in his hands, bending his knees to peer into John’s eyes. “Now do you see why?”
John smiled warmly at him and gave him a deep kiss. “Of course love. Of course. My god you’re beautiful.”
That earned him an eyeroll and a haughty toss of hair. To John’s own disbelief, he heard himself chuckle. The man’s ears, curiously long and pointed, pricked at the sound.
Sherlock smiled honestly at this. Now that was good; Ajay was establishing that he was close to Sherlock by comfortably playing host in Sherlock’s flat. It would sell the boyfriend act perfectly. He sank into his own chair and gestured for John, who was still standing and looking stunned, to sit in his.
John was panting slightly, much more than he normally would after he ran up the stairs. His hair was deliciously rumpled, and wet with sweat at the base of his neck and temples. His face was flushed, but it was the expression on John’s face that really took Sherlock’s breath away. John’s eyes were sparkling with exhilaration, and a wide smile covered his face.
Sherlock allowed himself to smile slightly, sharing a look with John, before turning back to Lestrade.
Greg nodded. “We’ll need you two to come in for official statements, but that can wait until tomorrow. It’s late.”
“So he put up a fight did he?” Lestrade asked, as two offers carted a bleeding Minchel towards a panda car.
John’s eyes softened and he leaned down for a kiss, using his clean hand to brace himself on the mattress. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders, cradling the back of John’s head with one hand. He let out a squeak as he felt a lubed finger glide over his hole.
John apricated Angelo’s excessive happiness, although it grated on his nerves. He knew it was to make him feel better, and though it didn’t work, John still apricated the effort. It was better than Angelo being overly sympathetic anyway.
Usually, these sounds were soothing to Sherlock. They helped ground him as he sifted through his mind palace and made him feel safe enough to go deep. After the incident on the plane, it had taken him months to feel safe enough to enter such a deep level of his mind again. Even now, months later, still only did so when John was home (not that the doctor knew that). Today, instead of being soothing, the sounds put him on edge. He needed John to make the tea and sit at his laptop so he could
Taking a deep gulp of coffee, he flipped open the book and started reading. The first chapter was nothing but a history of the town. A few pages in, John skipped ahead to L.G.’s first supposed encounter with the ‘people of the deep’.
The sound of running footsteps caused both of them to look back to the mouth of the alley. John Watson was running towards them, a look of rage on his face. Before Minchel could react, John was on him.
Sherlock stared at him, until John huffed out a laugh. “It’s just a little shoulder rub Sherlock. It won’t kill you. Please?”
“I had my own too, you know. A dragon like that. Different colours, but the same.” Sherlock left out the fact he still had it. He didn’t want to rub his own indulged childhood in John’s face.
Aashriya was the polar opposite of the two alphas he knew best, the two who’d shaped his entire world view. She was kind and considerate, where his father and Harry were mean spirted and brutish. She never ever used her secondary gender as a reason behind her actions, whereas Harry and his father’s favourite refrain was ‘it’s the instincts Johnny, you know I can’t help it’. Soon John found himself questioning everything he’d learned about alphas from his sister and father.
Sherlock kept his hands loose at his sides, waiting for Minchel to get close enough so he could grab the pipe.
Things had started out well. He’d cleared the table in the living room, set it, and gotten a fire going. The silverware that had been a house warming gift from mummy had finally been taken out of the box. Mrs. Hudson had lent him a tablecloth and her best china with a solemn promise it would all be returned in one piece and body part free.
Sherlock dodged left, causing Minchel to blow past him. The man skidded to a stop and spun around, swinging the pipe hard. Sherlock was ready for him. He grabbed the pipe and yanked, pulling Minchel toward him as he swung his other fist backward for a punch.
A cab rounding the corner caught his eye and he waved his arm to get its attention, not noticing the disappointed look on John’s face as he did. He couldn’t risk it. He wouldn’t.
What did John want, a detailed account of his and ‘Patrick’s’ relationship? It wasn’t as if he’d gotten that when John started seeing Mary. Thank God.
Sherlock gasped and let out a long moan as he came all over his stomach, his brain whiting out in pleasure. He worked himself through it, panting hard as he thought about John hovering over him, smiling roguishly. With one last ragged gasp he dropped back onto the mattress and opened his eyes.
“Of course Greg. No worries.” John said smiling at the DI. Greg gave them both another knowing smile and walked off.
Spinning around he was surprised to see Minchel sliding out of a window, as clam as you please. He’d thought the man would try to slip away without confrontation.  He quirked an eyebrow at the iron pipe clutched in Minchel’s hand, as his mind whirled with half-formed plans for the best way to apprehend him.
The sobs broke free, tearing out of mouth and scratching his throat. He pressed a hand hard over his eyes, as tears squeezed out pasted his eye lids and dripped into his palm. His shoulders shook with the force of his sobs as he grieved over his alpha, his detective, his Sherlock.
Sherlock’s lips clamped over his teeth and his face turned to stone. He edged away and John was suddenly filled with panic.
The crime scene was a mess. A plastic tent had been set up over Mrs. Argos’ body in a pitiful attempt to preserve evidence. The woman’s body lay face down in the mud, her blood mixing with the rain water. Her powder blue dress was caked with mud when they rolled her over, but the evidence was clear. She’d been hit over the head and had her throat slit. The foot prints and the gardening tool used to hit her proved Victor had indeed killed her. Now, it was on to finding the child.
A black cab finally turned onto the road and Aashriya stretched an arm up, getting its attention. As she focused on the cab John found himself looking at her again. She was still reasonable fit, he noticed idly, taking in her long lean body under the camel coloured coat. She was dressed sharp, in a black blouse tucked neatly into a black pencil skirt, perfectly tailored to fit. Just from looking at the clothes he could tell they were expensive. Watching her hailing a cab, with the breeze gently blowing her curls and the sharpness of dress, he found himself thinking of Sherlock.
John rolled over in bed, his eyes feeling gritty from lack of sleep. It had been three days since Sherlock’s return and John’s phone hadn’t stopping buzzing for more than ten minutes at a time. The detective had kept calling at first, but John couldn’t bring himself to answer. Sherlock had stuck to texts since yesterday.
Sherlock’s entire body shook in pleasure as he tried to formulate a coherent thought. It was too much. With a weak moan, Sherlock’s arms gave out and he found his face buried in the pillow.
Sherlock clenched his eyes shut and curled his hands into fits. Jealously surged through him as he unwilling pictured John and some shadowy figure sat close together in a warm cafe, laughing and
John pulled the laptop closer, his eyes dancing, “So it says here we’ll need two forms of ID and we’ll have to go to the bank in person to complete the paper work.”
Sherlock related the details of the case in the cab, as it slowly crawled through traffic toward their destination.
He sighed again and turned back to Lestrade, who was smiling knowingly at him for some reason, before launching into an explanation of what he’d discovered so far.
Gathering up his abandoned robe, coffee and toast he flung the first into his bedroom and the latter two into the kitchen sink. Back in the living room he tore down the few megar bits of information he’d taped to the wall. It was flirting with disaster to put them up when John might design to visit him. He didn’t know what he’d been thinking last night.
“So Sherlock was telling me you were interested in joining the pack?” Devaki said, crossing her legs and taking a sip of her coffee.
John nervously tugged at his jumper as Sherlock subtly waved his fingers and created a table for them. it was a simple trick of duplicating a nearby table combined with a distraction spell so no one would notice. They’d just told the waitress they were waiting for a third party when the bell above the door jangled and Devaki walked in.
To John’s surprise, Sherlock’s legs drew in closer to his own, and his hands clutched at John’s shoulders.
“I would have gone to the police,” Aashriya continued, “But Renee won’t let me, she refuses to believe someone from her family could be hurting her. I-I would go on my own, but I don’t have any proof.”
Sherlock was panting by the end of his tirade, his eyes bright. “Now do you see why? It’s not because you are an omega,” Sherlock sneered, twisting away from John and pacing in a circle, “You’re the chink in the armor, the one thing I couldn’t let Moriarty’s web touch.”
“I think we should get these off before we get started, don’t you?” John said, tugging lightly at the waist of Sherlock’s trousers.
Sherlock swallowed hard as he took in John’s wet, tousled hair and wry smile. The water made his strong shoulders glisten gold in the dim light of the bedroom. Drops trailed down his taught torso, sliding between the ridges of his abs and the grooves of his hip bones. As Sherlock watched, a drop of water caught on one peeked nipple, dangling tantalizingly, before dripping onto John’s toned chest.
John chuckled, the sound rumbling through his chest. “You need your rest; we did just finish a case. When you wake up we’ll go to dinner. How does that sound?”
Sherlock nodded to her and she nodded back, one magical being to another. Sherlock raised a hand and beckoned her over. It was a pedestrian gesture, one that made him wince, but it was for John. The woman’s eyebrows knitted, but she started walking over to him. Sherlock took a deep breath and entered the grounds to meet her, sticking close to the car park where there was no one around. She definitely had to be a wolf, no human woman would meet a strange man in car park. Not unless they had wolf strength.
One year later and John found himself on a couch with Aashriya, alone in her house, snogging hurriedly as one of his hands slowly slid up her skirt. He and Aashriya had grown steadily closer as the months passed. She had the wicked smile and a black sense of humor that John always found attractive, and her house had turned into a haven of sorts.
