The shaking in Cas’ fingers couldn’t stop, even as he took in deep breaths to try and quell the jitters. A new message popped up from Dean.
apologise for your feelings, Cas. God,” The tears were running down his face now. “I thought you were gone. I thought I’d never-“
“My life for Jack’s, except they would come to collect when I finally true happiness,” Tears shone in his cerulean eyes. “I didn’t tell you because I knew you would do everything in your power to stop it,”
“See the little bubbles?” Dean says, pointing with the spatula. Cas nods. “You gotta wait until they pop. People always flip ‘em too early. Rookie mistake.”
“We think there might be supernatural forces afoot in the garden,” Cas answers, not looking at all worried about this. “Possibly.”
Cas kisses him into the mattress until Dean is pulling at his clothes in an entirely ineffectual way. Cas takes mercy on him, stripping first Dean and then himself before wrapping a lubed-up palm around Dean’s shaft, thumbing at the head on every twisting upstroke as Dean clings and gasps and doesn’t contribute at all, too overwhelmed in the best possible way.
“You don’t have to lie to preserve my feelings,” Cas says with a dramatic sigh, staring at the ceiling.
“Do you know anything about the mortgage pre-approval process?” Cas asks, glancing up from where he’s been buried in his phone for the last sixty or so miles out of Lincoln.
"Stop that," Cas says, bringing a hand to Dean’s face, thumbing at the corner of his mouth. “I said we should talk. But I’m wondering if there’s another way.”
Dean feels the immediate twist of guilt in his gut when he thinks of one significant outlier. “I know I have a lot of work to do, with Jack.”
It’s weird as hell, even though he’s been praying to Cas for as many years as they’ve known each other. It’s weird now, specifically. He doesn’t want to think about why that is.
..many more...times?” Dean asks, breathless and maybe delirious but definitely not complaining. He slips his hands underneath Cas’ arms, hauling him upright, his chest to Cas’ back. Cas tips his head back onto Dean’s shoulder and Dean mouths at the sweet, sun-tanned skin on the side of his neck.
After the plane lands and the shuddering racket of the engine stops, Dean wills his wobbly legs to cooperate and stumbles down the ladder from the plane door to the ground. He immediately spots Sam, fifty yards away in the middle of a soybean field, with no Cas in sight.
“I refuse to make assumptions,” Cas says through clenched teeth. He’s had years - over a decade - to learn how to avoid acting on his impulses where Dean is concerned.
“You’re unkind. A menace. I should - I should...” Cas trails off as Dean blatantly shows off, dragging his tongue up the side of Cas’ dick before sinking down on it in one wet slide. “
"Not what I meant. The plant is fine. He'll love it, I'm sure. Maybe we can get one of those fancy grow-light things."
“Something about the symmetry...” Cas shakes himself, looking like he’s trying to power through the whiskey fog back to the land of coherence.
“Hearing which elements of your history are most relevant to you is inherently interesting. I may be familiar with most of the discrete events of your life, but not how you yourself think of them.”
Cas shrugs. “Someone has to. It’s quite exceptional, and if there are spirits involved, it will please them to have their work acknowledged. We all require appreciation, Dean.”
“Your calligraphy is quite beautiful,” Cas remarks, feeling the curving lines and precise angles of Dean’s touch. He glides his hand lower to the barely-ticklish skin of Cas’ stomach, switching to what feels concretely like cursive lettering. Cas stops breathing when he realizes what he’s written.
“I do,” Cas says, and there's an ache behind his eyes that looks like it predates the cretaceous period.
“That won’t be necessary. You carry the majority of your tension in the lumbar region, which radiates up to the back of your neck and down into your hamstrings.”
Dean helps Cas wrap the edges of the blanket around it, and Dean shudders when some kind of clearly monster-y slime ends up smeared across his jacket sleeve. By unspoken agreement, Cas takes the end of the blanket nearest the head, and Dean takes the tail side. The fucking thing is heavy as shit, so it takes some doing to keep it from dragging across the grass as they make their way to the U-Haul they left open in the parking lot nearest the river. From there, it’s just an awkward, shimmying walk up the truck’s ramp, and then they’re finagling with the tie offs to get the bundled-up monster securely set up for the journey ahead.
. He listens attentively as Cas plans out the specifications of a hypothetical rooftop garden and helps him figure out how he takes his coffee now that he can't taste the molecular composition of the soil it was grown in.
“You’re doing great,” Dean says, cutting off the train of thought with a sucking kiss beneath his ear. “Don’t overthink it.”
Cas settles into the seat, the cracked vinyl scratching where his sweater has ridden up his back. He misses the Impala.
Dean lets out a wet laugh, smiling into the warm skin of Cas’ hip and feeling like maybe, for once, he could keep something good.
the right word? Memory, perhaps. Vision? What’s the proper term for seeing clearly into another space and time?
“Love and affection are vital, I think. I’ve seen the impact a drought of both can have on a person. Not to bring up your father again, but...”
“You should know, the way I look at you isn’t the way I ever have or ever will look at anyone else.”
Cas orders for them. The multi-page menu is mostly in Vietnamese and indecipherable to Dean, but the pictures look promising.
He remembers then that he can move his hands. That he’s got permission for that, judging by the way that Cas’ hands are everywhere at once. Cas’ palms sweeping wide on his back, fingers curling into his hair and then back down, like he can’t decide.
“Suffice it to say, he was happy to assist me with finding a way to protect you. And Sam. But primarily you. Can I just say, you really do seem to attract an unreasonably high number of non-human admirers? Your charm is apparently irrefutable across species and dimension.”
Cas throws him a look, the corner of his mouth lifting. “He was far more pious, in those days. More endless songs of worship to our father, fewer adult film actresses.”
"No, no, that's not it. I don't want to get recognized on street corners like fuckin' Spiderman or something. Kinda the opposite. I...think I wanna be the guy in town people like, the guy who mows the yard for the old lady next door and buys out all the Girl Scout cookies every year. Normal shit."
“The one thing you want...” Dean says on a gasp and a hard thrust between his thighs, “can’t believe it’s me.”
“Raising Sammy. It’s taken me a while to see that I shouldn’t have had to, but. I did. And, uh. I think I did an okay job.”
Dean relaxes, rocking into him once more before disentangling himself and settling on his side. He tugs at Cas until Cas is pressed with his back against Dean’s chest, one of Dean’s knees between his. Dean presses a kiss to the nape of his neck and another over the knob at the top of his spine, and he feels Dean’s dick nudging at the juncture where his thighs meet his ass.
At a Waffle House the next morning, Cas pulls out his phone to read off the next question as they wait for their food.
“When you said you weren’t going to let me die a virgin. I may have initially misunderstood your intentions.”
There are a handful of customers inside, a group of men at the pool table. The well-worn barstools groan when they take their seats. Dean signals the bartender and orders them a couple of whiskeys in yet another practiced human ritual Cas has never learned to replicate. The menu is a single-sided laminated sheet, listing out myriad combinations of beef and cheese and an impressive lack of vegetables. It all sounds delicious.
He can picture that scene with more clarity than he’d like, and it aches. “Whatever you did - it worked. Dean, it worked. I remember that now.”
Cas sets the bottle behind him on the ugly dresser after taking his own pull of it. Then, he stands there in front of Dean, his hands going for his tie and then the buttons of his shirt. So now they’re just - they’re just casually undressing in front of each other. That’s a thing that’s happening.
“Tell me about it,” Dean says, rubbing at his eyes and pushing himself up to a slumped sit against the headboard. He clicks the lamp on and squints down at Cas.
“Back to your question though. Not to put too fine a point on it, but, well. I’ve destroyed a great many things, over the course of my existence. It feels good to do the opposite. Create something, for a change.”
It’s a total mess. There’s a sag in the middle of the porch overhang, and the shingles that aren’t missing altogether are curled up at the edges.
All his instincts are saying it’s the wrong call, except for one, and it’s the one that goes deepest - trusting Cas.
Everything unloaded, they pull back onto the county highway just as the sun peeks out over the horizon.
When Dean said the cabin was in Whitefish, he might’ve gotten his facts wrong. Sure, Whitefish is the closest town, but this cabin is way deeper in the boonies than he remembers. Someone might have gotten the impression Rufus wasn’t much of a people person. Miss that old geezer.
This is it. This is when Cas is gonna say he knows about Dean’s stupid crush. He’s gonna get let down easy, it’s gonna hurt like hell-
“More, more,” Dean murmurs, and Cas could never refuse him, and has no wish to. Two fingers find their way home, Dean sighing with it when he’s fully inside.
“When you say ‘back...’” Claire says, not missing a beat. Like she isn’t surprised at all, and isn’t that something.
, the certainty of it is so shocking that Dean almost loses focus, until Cas does something with his tongue that sends Dean careening back into the present.
“Thanks, man,” Dean says, his voice sounding like he just finished gargling gravel. Peering at the screen, he sees it’s clocking in at an impressive 12% battery power, so Dean hauls himself to his feet and uses the last of its light to navigate himself to the kitchen and dig around in the cabinets until he finds a flashlight and two glasses he fills with tap water.
“S’ticklish,” Dean grumbles, but he pushes his ass against him all the same, Cas’ dick settling right where Dean wants it.
“Would you like to make a trip? Is it far from the bunker?” Cas asks, opening up the maps app on his phone and squinting against the midday sunlight streaming in the window.
Dean ignores the last bit for his own sanity. “Shit, deities? You’re telling me some goddess out there has been into me?”
Some amount of unknowable time later, Cas returns the stars to a semblance of reality, and they blink out of view as the sun begins to rise.
“So this world - all of you - it’s all safe?” Cas asks, and given his last memories on Earth, the question sounds insane. “Where is Jack?”
Nobody pays him any mind as he makes his way down the bus’ center aisle. He takes a window seat in an empty row near the back. The driver waits another twenty minutes or so for a few more passengers to pile aboard, but no one sits next to him. A woman and a small child are in the row across from his, and the child gives him a small wave before returning to dawdling with her mother’s phone. Cas leans against the cool glass of the window, and watches the scenery pass by.
“Angels come into existence fully formed,” Cas says thoughtfully. “Ready to fulfill their spiritual purpose in heaven or on earth. But there is a short period of time - roughly ten thousand years - when you might say an angel operates with training wheels. Every new angel is assigned a mentor. Someone older in the garrison, who can model ideal angelic behavior. Gabriel was mine.”
Cas gingerly roots around in the innumerable drawers and cabinets for a sachet of something herbal as Dean lights the stove. Dean cuts his search short by handing him a box of chamomile seemingly from nowhere. It’s unopened.
Alright, Winchester. Here goes. Figures that after a decade of dancing around each other, they’d have this conversation beside a lake that doesn’t actually exist.  “Want. I want you around.”
come on. I can’t believe you - god.” Dean takes the head of his cock into his mouth to stop himself from saying anything else. And yeah, Cas might be right that he’s never done this before, but he’s sure as hell done
Cas just wants to make him feel as good as he’s always deserved to feel, and it doesn’t hurt that he desperately wants this as well. He searches blindly through the sheets until he finds the bottle again, a feat in and of itself with Dean sucking a kiss into his shoulder. He pops the cap, pours some out in his palm, and...stalls out.
As Cas gingerly heads toward the kitchen, Dean tests the ladder to the loft, and it seems to hold. He climbs up, peeking just over the edge of the floorboards to see that, yes, a family of raccoons has definitely set up shop in the corner.
“I’ve wanted someone for over a decade without realizing he could want me back,” Cas says once he’s pulling him close and naked to himself. The room is warm, and Dean is shivering. “I’d say my blunder qualifies as one long, embarrassing moment.”
“So are you thinking a novelty Frozen blanket or something more neutral?” Dean jokes, taking in the dozens of options.
In the morning, Dean braces himself when he heads outside to check on the car. Cas is beside him for moral support, his grip firm on Dean’s hand.
“It’s not your fault, it’s not,” Cas says, deflating. “I know that. Multinational corporations bear the lion’s share of the blame. Anyway, the beans will be shredded by morning. I’m just...it’s fine. Let’s go home.”
“What’re you smiling at?” Donna says, appearing at his elbow. “I can guess a few reasons, starting with the way your husband’s ass looks in that suit.”
“I think we can manage. And thank you so kindly for your help,” Cas says, and even Dean believes it. Cas keeps his hand in Dean’s back pocket the whole way out to the car.
They take their time getting home, justifying pit stops at a falafel joint in Iowa City and a surprisingly well-stocked occult bookstore in Des Moines. Just before Omaha, Cas makes a thin excuse about the dangers posed by wayward wildlife on rural state highways after sundown. He goes to the trouble of explaining the mating habits and visual acuity of the white-tailed deer in far more detail than Dean needs in order to justify taking an exit that promises their pick of hotel.
They sit with that another minute or two, until by unspoken mutual agreement, the bunker’s excellent water pressure and the prospect of a nakedness improved only by the addition of water beckons.
“Is it ‘later’ yet?” Cas murmurs in his ear, his palm warm against Dean’s side through the thin layer of Dean’s dress shirt, his jacket long-abandoned. Dean shivers. He could blame it on the chill in the October air, but it’s just Cas’ effect on him.
“In me, in me,” Dean chants, but Cas just shushes him instead and uses both hands to push Dean’s knees closer together, making a tighter space for himself.
"Could I." Cas says it like a statement, rather than a question, eyebrow arched. He must’ve felt Dean watching.
"Nothin' wrong, Cas, it's just - can this mindmeld thing go both ways? There's some shit you need to see."
“You know, with the...with all the talking, and the sleeping thing, and the...you know,” Dean says, bumping Cas’ foot with his under the table and leaving it there, ankle to ankle.
The hand still in his hair goes taut, angling Dean’s head back as he uses his other hand to strip his cock until he’s coming, warm trails across Dean’s cheeks and slack mouth. Dean’s breathless, and Cas isn’t done. Cas leans forward, licking the come from his skin and slipping it into Dean’s own mouth, making him groan with the perfect filthiness of it.
“No. Wait, what? Well, I mean, kinda. I don’t know. Lives got saved because of what my dad taught me, what he put me through. Hard to argue with that.”
“No, no—not a ghost. Definitely the real deal.” He couldn’t explain how he’s so sure of that. It’d be too sappy to say he’s never seen a ghost with eyes as blue as Cas’.
“I’ll have to use artistic license to interpret the question, as I definitely do not have a mother in any traditional sense of the word.”
The motel down the road has only a couple of cars out front, and the air conditioner in the office lets out a mechanical death rattle as it fights a losing battle with the Texas heat.
Sam pushes the hair away from his face. Dean would mock him for it or try to sheer it off in the middle of the night, but after meeting the man-bunned doppelganger of his brother last year, he’s fine with it as is.
“Shrimp don’t actually see—” Sam starts, before Eileen kicks him in the shin. “Nevermind. But maybe something else could do that, besides angels?”
“Dean -” Cas says on a gasp. His own ragged breathing, the sensation of his heart racing rapidfire behind his ribs - is it always going to be like this? Kissing Dean feels a bit like a medical emergency, albeit not one he wants to remedy.
“I’ve always wanted to know if there was anything I could do personally to preserve the fate of the honey bee. All the pollinators, really, but especially the honey bee,” Cas says, reverence in his voice.
“Is that how lake monsters say ‘thank you’?” Dean says between gasping breaths, hands braced on his knees.
“You will not rush me in this,” Cas says eventually, licking his lips and starting up again, tongue circling the head and working him over.
Cas raises his eyebrows. “Then your brother’s nearby presence is a reality you’re going to have to adjust to.”
Instead, he gets one hand around Cas' wrist and the other in his hair and then they're kissing, fucking finally. Someone's crying, it's probably Dean but maybe Cas too. His ears are ringing, his palms are hot, and he hasn't taken a breath in probably too long, but none of that matters because that's Cas' goddamn tongue in his goddamn mouth.
“Not playing hard to get here, Cas,” Dean says, sliding off his jeans, slipping his t-shirt over his head, and Cas could die from this. He’s sure of it. Legions would lay down their arms for the way Dean Winchester looks in a dimly- lit room, grinning and undressed.
“Well, the first question is, ‘Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?’ Surprisingly, I couldn’t ascertain your answer from when I reassembled your lymphatic system.”
“Come on. You know what I mean. And, hey.” He knocks his socked foot into Cas’ beneath the sheets. “You haven’t been real clear about that yourself. ‘Like humans have always wanted each other,’ isn’t that what you said?”
It takes some doing, but Dean eventually opens one eye to squint at Cas in the near-total dark. Cas has his arm around him, fingers tracing circles on the bare skin of his back.
He lifts open the roll-up door, and their cargo is just where they’d left it, one glinting eye visible where the blanket has fallen back.
“The bifanas and pastéis de nata alone are worth the trip.” Like always, something Pavlovian triggers in Dean’s idiot brain when Cas speaks another language. It’s not fair, how good he sounds. “That, and the waves in Nazaré are among the most thrilling on earth, albeit dangerous. Of course, I’d protect you."
He runs out of steam. The wind howls outside, and Dean is grateful that everyone he cares about who’s still alive is either out of range of the storm or underground. He doesn’t remember thinking about that so much, before. After all the shit that went down, he wants everybody to just be fucking
“You paid a high price - the entirety of your innocence - and you and your brother saved the world as a result.”
“You gotta stop assuming things, man.” He’s trying to keep the irritation out of his voice. Sounding pissed off isn’t going to help Cas grasp what he’s trying to get across.
“Nobody enjoys Tolstoy. That’s one of Sam’s from back in high school. It’s fucking depressing. Try the Vonnegut instead.”
“Oh, right. You remember that night you saved me from a member of the Rit Zien while I was babysitting?”
In the dungeon, Sam has already drawn out the summoning circle. The candles are lit, and the copper spell-casting bowl sits in the middle of the room ready to go with various and sundry herbs and bits of magical brick-a-brac. Eileen is up in Michigan visiting a group of hunters she’s known for years, so Sam has the incantation positions set up in the classic two-person format instead of three.
Outside Dean’s room, Cas crowds him up against the door, kissing him and kissing him and Dean feels his knees about to give out. He reaches blindly for the door handle, and they stumble backwards in the dark to Dean’s bed before their eyes adjust. Cas climbs right into his lap, like it’s nothing, like it’s easy, like they could’ve been doing this for so damn long -
Cas laughs, and kisses him again. Again and again, from the car to the porch to the bedroom with the big window overlooking the backyard, kissing him until he falls asleep. He’ll be kissing him for years and years, forever.
“I could teach you,” Cas says, and it sounds like a come-on when his voice is all liquor-deep and stupidly hot. “I could teach you the quadratic formula, root-finding, imaginary numbers...”
Dean grabs a Red Bull, packs a duffel, leaves a note for Sam and Claire, and hits the road. No destination in mind other than somewhere Not The Bunker. Jack didn’t specify a timeline for whatever he has planned, but Dean knows that if he stays here and waits around, he’ll lose it. Whatever he still has left to lose, anyway. Pre-dawn in rural Kansas isn't exactly rush hour, and he doesn't see a car for a hundred miles.
Without that defect in the assembly of my angelic nature, I wouldn’t be here with you now. And everything -
Dean dunks a chip in guacamole that is unreasonably good for central Michigan as he thinks about it.
For a midwesterner, Carl is pretty direct. Takes a lot for an Iowan to tell you to fuck off, politely or otherwise.
With the Food Network on in the background of a Comfort Inn queen suite, Ina Garten demonstrates the appropriate oil-to-acid ratio in a vinaigrette as Dean’s fingers find that spot inside Cas that makes him swear in Enochian.
Cas just clutches at him until his legs will bear his weight again. They stumble back to the car, Dean’s arm looped around his waist. Dean snags a water bottle from the trunk and passes it over. Cas gulps it down as the car idles.
“Not important.” Cas thumb presses at the base of his skull, and Dean sighs, boneless. “Sentimental items are a good choice, I think. One parameter to establish for my answer - in this scenario, I’m going to presume I’m wearing bedclothes at the time of the fire.”
“This’ll feel better laying down, promise,” Dean reassures him with a kiss to the hollow of his hip.
“What? Why would I be getting Cas a present,” Dean says, clicking tab after tab closed with more force than technically necessary.
The sand is hot underfoot, so they rush to the edge of the beach where the waves are lapping at the shore. Stepping into the surf, he reaches for Cas’ hand when a wave nearly takes him out at the knees. Before long, they figure out how to brace for each impact together.
“I’m not lying though!” Dean insists, sliding Cas’ glass of neon-yellow whatever across the table and stealing a sip. “Fuck me, yours is great too. What a world. Let me see that menu. Oh sweet, bacon.”
The pace of Dean’s hips picks up in a slow build, and the fire in Cas’ blood builds until there’s nothing he can do to resist the sharp crack of pleasure working up his spine. He curls his fingers within Dean in a last-ditch attempt to drag him along with him.
“Kinda morbid. You sayin’ my femurs are hot?” Dean says, pulling into the motel lot, its “VACANCY” sign flickering.
Cas slides further inside, everything hotter and tighter than he’d imagined whenever he’d dared to think of this, alone in the middle of a thousand lonely nights. The careful, in and out press of it is so engrossing that he’s almost forgotten about his own dick until Dean starts rocking again, back into his hand and then forward, their cocks against one another’s.
A million things flood to mind. Midnight reruns of old Stargate episodes, a pitcher of shitty beer at the dive bar close to home, his bed. Instead of saying all that, Dean fidgets with the radio dial until Cas swats his hand and tells him to watch the road.
“If you wanted me closer, all you had to do was ask,” Dean jokes, their mouths an inch apart, but it comes out annoyingly sincere.
Garth is a great Zanna and he's damn good with traumatised kids. But damaged teens don't respond well to his form of sympathetic enthusiasm. Dean would bet this kid is probably coming across as more aggressive and on edge. If she’s dealing with Mr Fizzles after everything else.
"I need to go to the bathroom," Jack says, cutting the tension between them. Cas blinks the red melting away. Dean unclenches his fist.
Castiel watches him, biting his lip. His eyes softening at whatever he sees on Deans face. "Dean you should know that I don't regret sleeping with you."
Castiel bites back a smile at Deans answer. "Mr Crowley has stated that Archangels need a higher standard of tutoring. Compared to an average angel. I'm sure he'd even go as far to argue that this education is more important than Jacks need to be coddled. Would you agree with this assessment Mr Winchester?"
“Yeah,” Sam sighs rubbing the back of his neck. “Adler’s keeps saying the kids going to find a way to beat the test. He's petitioning for a compulsion to be added to make sure all the memories are completely true. Bela will have re-live everything exactly as it happened. We can't numb her reactions to anything.”
Dean sighs, he wants to join that SWAT team, storm the courthouse and sock Nick in the jaw. But that's not his job. Bela’s his charge and after everything she's been through today, she's the one that needs him. Walking over to her Dean places his hand on her shoulder, "C'mon kiddo let’s get you out of here." He says,
"Hey little buddy," Dean says to Jack, swallowing when he looks up and Castiel is walking towards them. With all his extra shifts, he forgot today was Sunday. Castiel looks unfairly gorgeous, wearing a blue sweater Deans never seen before. His tail drops the second he sees Dean.
Dean rolls his eyes, "Cas you're good in bed, but you’re not that good. I didn't change my mind because of what we did. I’m testifying because I talked to my Archangel brother-in-law and he told me I was making a mistake if I didn’t. You've got to learn that I only do what I want to do. Whether that’s testifying or sleeping with you."
“What kind of reasons?” Castiel asks, voice dropping slightly. His previous anxiety of flirting with Dean disappearing now that his jobs not on the line.At least as long as they don’t get caught out here.
Sighing Dean grabs the plate and walks to Castiel’s office instead of calling him down to eat. He almost chickens out when he gets to the door. He hasn't forgotten that he's not allowed to be in here but Castiel has been avoiding him all day. Dean needs to talk to him about Bela before her dad does something.
He always rambles when he’s nervous, but this. This is just too much. “I’m not like anyone official okay, I’m just a regular guy I can’t exactly take you to my leader. I don’t have that kind of clearance.”
Cas moans against his mouth, his lips hot and slick and holy shit Dean is losing his mind. He runs his fingers through Cas's hair, gripping it tightly as Cas's hands slide down his waist. Then down to his ass, Dean groans pulling away a little to kiss down Cas's throat. Cas makes a humming noise grappling at Deans thighs until Dean hoists his legs up. Wrapping them around Cas's thick waist. Dean nearly comes on the spot. He kisses Cas again, greedy and desperate until he needs air.
"Hey, I never confirmed that," Dean says, grabbing his mug and downing a too hot mouthful. Avoiding the trios gaze. He should have gone to Charlies instead. Surely, she's not this annoying. Then again Charlie did hack his past, so she might actually be worse. Dean snorts at the thought. He's surrounded by nosy assholes.
Dean blinks, wondering what part of him spreading his legs and clinging to Cas in tears gave him that impression. “Yeah well, I do! Jesus, I told you so last night.”
“Yeah, and I stayed as far away from him and his cronies as possible. C’mon Dean, do you really think I’d hang around with racist assholes?”
So instead Dean reaches between his legs playing with Castiel’s rim. He whines trying to push down onto Dean's hand. Chuckling Dean runs his other hand over Castiel’s hip, cupping his back as he pushes his first finger inside. Castiel groans a dark smile on his face. "You're the worst kind of tease," He says as Dean pushes another finger in.
"No, he won't Bela. I'll make sure the cops understand who your father really is Bela. My brother Sam is a detective and he's working on it right now. Hell if you tell me who you're deal is with. Sam will be sure he's locked away too."
Okay so we're a week and a day late. I thought I had another week for a uni deadline and I did not. On the plus side as of this Thursday I am finished my first year at Uni.  I could have maybe rushed this chapter for yesterdays deadline but like I said this was intense. I've never written anything like this in my life and I wanted it to be perfect so I kept it a day.
It gets worse when he drives into South Thomaston. The smell of the ocean hits him like a punch in the gut. God, he missed this place. Rolling down his windows, Dean breathes it in. Driving past the houses and cottages, trying to see what's different. Cas burnt his place down after he left, because Cas is dramatic like that. At the time he told Dean it was to prevent other warlocks from finding him. Now Dean wonders if it was because Cas was missing him. Dean wishes he never left.
“Actually, you don't have to,” Rowena says, looking down at her mug. “At least not the whole truth anyway. A truth spell as weak as the one in courtrooms can’t force you to be completely honest.”
"It can't Dean," Cas says, pulling out grace from under his shirt. "As long as I don't have this, the empty has no claim over me."
Cas nods. "Okay, that's fair," he says, nearly finished with his bowl. "What about your visit to Sam and Sarah’s? You said Sarah got you drunk."
Castiel rolls his eyes and presses Dean's other hand into the ink. “No, Deputy Collins will do for now,” he says looking at Dean's hand, noticing a small circular-shaped scar, no bigger than a thumbnail at the base of his ring finger. “What’s that?” He asks.
Castiel nods, saying nothing since he’s exactly the same. Looking back on it, it's entirely possible that Claire learned a little bit too much from him during the hours he spent babysitting.
Castiel scoffs just as Zeke slaps Meg's hand away from the fruit. "This ain't a buffet, Meg," He says, ignoring her as she flips him off.
Smirking Dean twists his tail around between his fingers and pulls him down again. Castiel reaches his hand down, clasping his dick tight. "I take it all back, you're not perfect you're the devil incarnate." Castiel gasps shoving at Deans' chest.
Dean looks at the lock, shoulders hunched and face blank. “No.” He says after what feels like forever. “He used too but - He got hurt, someone tried to kill him. Hell, he probably would have died if the son of a bitch hadn’t tripped and Sam hadn’t turned around, kids lucky all he lost was a fucking kidney.”
“Your help,” Dean says, relaxing into his chair. “Now will you sit down and let me explain why? I’m not going to hurt you.”
The roof is well and truly fucked. The wood rotted in more than a couple of places. Giant holes, eating up the wooden shakes. He sighs, "Time to get to work."
Castiel shrugs, its none of his business why Dean’s lonely enough to take his insane price tag. He’s his hook-up, not his therapist. “Well then, I guess that means we're getting comfortable." Castiel puts down his champagne and unzips his boots.
Smelling Deans fear the growling gets louder, like thunder on a stormy day. Dean reaches for the concealment charm, preparing to fly away if necessary. So, of course, it's at that exact moment the door opens. The beast springs forward, tackling Dean to the ground. Its enormous body blankets him, smothering him with smoky fur. Two crimson eyes stare down at Dean, refusing to even blink. The creature bears its enormous teeth at Deans' throat. He squeaks in fear as the dog sniffs his jaw.
Sparks rain down over Dean’s head as the light bulbs short out and shatter. The TV clicks off with a snap and the windows explode inward, covering Dean in broken glass. The silence after that feels deafening. Almost as if the wind is holding its breath waiting to see what happens next.
Meg had insisted that rich guys always look for whores, just not usually on the Boulevard. It's why they used to go to Rodeo Drive sometimes. At least before the police patrols got tighter. He had thought Dean was nervous because of
“No,” Castiel says, reaching into his coat pocket. “Put it on my card since I’m the reason we’re drinking tonight.”
"Oh," Castiel says glumly. Unlike Dean, he loves Christmas movies. He had been looking forward to watching them with Dean. He daydreamed about snuggling up beside him on their couch. Eating all the seasonal junk food that Dean has started to collect. Maybe allowing themselves to become distracted from time to time.
The creature looks at him, taking him in. It doesn't blink. Not even once. It just observes, frozen in time, even its tentacles have stopped moving. Then suddenly it bursts into action, its giant wings stretching out wide.
He heads out into the garage to give Baby a tune-up. He's pretty sure he's gotten something in her undercarriage after the dirt road to Ramiel's. Dean hasn't got to investigate, too caught up in his angel crisis, but the garage supports all his needs. Or it would if he could get this stupid Jack lift to work. Dean bought the shitty thing off Amazon and it shows. He tries the leaver twice, nothing happens. He hits it with his wrench and tries again. The Impala still doesn't budge.
It's a long-ass bus ride to Castiel’s office. Long enough for Dean to realise this is a bad idea. He could lose his job for this after all. While it's not illegal to see Claire after the severing. He's prohibited from meddling in Claire's life. But he's got to do this. Claire deserves to be cured; Dean knows that.
He found it ages ago, back when he was consulting, and Dean remembers the first time he brought Claire here. It was before they had found their rhythm with each other. Back when Claire hated the world and everyone in it. But it was here, that Claire smiled at him for the first time after trying Benny’s pie. In a lot of ways, it’s become they're happy place. These days they don't even need to go to the counter because Elizbeth knows they always order the same thing.
Cas snorts, grabbing Deans wandering hands and pulling him into the spray. "Muscles can still form when we are in our vessels, especially when there's less grace acting as a barrier. I haven't been a
because the guy always showers with the window open. The songs are almost always love songs. Always filled with sweet sentiments and sung by a man that sings like sex personified. It’s the best part of Castiel’s day but it’s also the worst.
Dean kind of agrees, but he'd rather gain back all his baby fat than tell Crowley that. "It's the City of Angels Crowley. What’s the worst that could happen?"
“Dean, what does this entail? “Sam asks finally reading Dean's tone. “If it's shady, I could arrest him.”
“Yeah. I mean it's not why I stayed, I believe in what I do now. People need to be protected so that's what I do. That is when I’m not helping handsome criminals desecrate graves.”
Sam goes red, as he looks back at Dean. His eyes lingering on the finger-shaped bruises Dean knows he has on his hips. The necklace of marks that Cas made. Dean smirks back as Sam coughs unsubtly, his eyes wide. "Did I interrupt something?" He asks in perfect, girlish horror.
“I scraped it with the cloth while washing up and it opened again. I’ll be fine in a second,” he says with a shrug, like a head wound is no big deal.
Cas's eyes are wide as he stares at Dean. Linking their hands together on the couch. "You won't." He says, more certain than he's ever sounded reciting God's word.
Scowling Castiel looks at his notes. “He is a blowhard, but it's not just gossip. I’ve faced Crowley multiple times regarding white-collar crimes. His deals are something else. Normally I can find his loopholes but with this case.” Castiel groans, tugging one of his horns. “It was practically a flawless contract. It's the reason the negotiations failed.”
Naomi nods, straightening in his seat. "Yes, we charge well for the quality of our care and boarding opportunities."
Castiel slumps into his chair, folding his hands on the table like some mockery off prayer.  “Why are you here, Daphne?”
Dean will probably never understand their stupid phrases, but he does get the gist of what Cas said and concedes defeat. “Fine, just don't mock the space program - or we’ll have words.”
Gabriel leaps of his seat, approaching Dean like a lion stalking its prey. "Are you telling me that soul-stealing bastard. Is the same bastard trying to get custody of that sweet little kid?" Gabriel asks, his voice deadly.
Stunned Dean watches as Castiel climbs into his car, driving away from the house and Dean like it’s nothing. He sighs, trying to fidget. He didn't just go to Castiel’s office because he's a demon, right? He went because he loves that kid more than anything and he didn't want her getting hurt.
Dropping his pen beside the photo of him and Claire at her graduation, Dean sighs. Spinning in his chair, he sips his coffee with a frown on his face. All morning he's been trying not to think about his appointment this afternoon. Around him, the office buzzes with chatter. Computers turn on; files are shuffled and caseloads are handed out. Dean jumps when Hannah drops his stack on the edge of his desk.
“Well, I’m flattered. Now take this -” Cas says, pulling a keychain out of his pocket, “- and get some fucking sleep, you look like shit.”
“I just ask because, like, when Kaia was—when I thought she was gone...I saw her sometimes. Or thought I did, I guess. Jody helped me through it. It happened to her too, you know, with her family. It’s not always a ghost thing, just garden-variety, crazy, human grief. It’s fucked up, but I guess it’s normal. So maybe...”
“You mean, for the job? Sometimes, I guess. This one time, Sam and I were pretending to be roller coaster inspectors for a haunting out on Coney Island, and -”
“Arguable.” Cas has memories of bleeding from the eyes that point in another direction. “But, our relationship did improve substantially since she near-fatally cursed me.”
"Yeah, uh...” Carl scratches at the patchy beard on his chin, and Dean can see from here that his hand is shaking. “You guys seem nice enough, and Jody vouches for you, but...maybe don’t come back, yeah? No offense or anything."
When he returns, he sees that someone has taken up the stool on Cas’ other side at the bar. Dean hangs back for a moment, and watches Cas smile at something the stranger said, small and private. Even from here, Dean can see the guy isn’t a chore to look at. Damnit.
“After all, you were the last thing I created from near-scratch, and you turned out alright, I think," Cas adds, that half-smirk returning. "You should understand the impulse, anyway. You do the same thing."
Dean watches the fan spin overhead as he comes down, the blades making a quiet click on every tenth rotation or so. Cas drags the tip of a finger through the combined mess on Dean’s stomach, creating a cool, wet trail up to his chest, around each nipple, along his collarbone, and into the dip of his throat. Painting him. Dean shivers, and closes his eyes as Cas dabs at another pool of come and brings it to his cheek. It feels gorgeous.
“Kind of?” Dean says hoarsely. Cas’ expression softens. “I’ll go get us a room. Then we can keep going. I’ll do better, promise.”
Dean thinks of a prayer said in Purgatory, forgiveness and an apology wrapped together. “So, nothing to do with me, right.”
Dean is solicitous, in the days that follow. He teaches Cas how to turn an omelet and buys him vitamin D supplements (
It occurs to Dean as he parks the car in the Lamberton Lake Fen Nature Preserve that they might be on a date. An accidental one, but a date all the same. Admittedly, he hasn’t been on too many, but this still counts as one of the better ones. That’s sad, even for him.
“And Claire promised to let me braid her hair next time I see her, so this works for me too,” Jack adds.
“Yeah, and it’s not like he didn’t have shit goin’ too. He’d just lost Eileen, had a whole mess happening with the folks from the other universe, but I just couldn’t give a shit. I was
"I love you so damn much," Dean says, and he means it. It's crazy how much he means it, and even crazier how easy it is to say.
“Can we switch again?” Dean asks after a flash of inspiration. “Get me on my back, and you can really fuck my mouth.”
“Rebuilding heaven into something better than it was designed to be. Guiding Jack. He may be near-omnipotent now but he—”
“The welcoming committee isn’t happy to see us,” he says as he quickly scrambles back down. “You having any luck?”
Dean twines their legs together as Cas pulls him in, tucking him against his shoulder, his hand in Dean’s hair. Dean clings, just a little. It’s really, really nice.
Then, he feels the edge of the war room table pressing into his back and huh, he hadn’t realized they’d moved. Cas’ hands, the hands that rebuilt him and saved his life time and fucking time again, land on his hips and he’s being hauled up onto the table like it’s nothing. Dean spares half a thought for Sam and Jack, but Cas stops kissing him just long enough to murmur, “We’re alone.”
“Don’t misunderstand me. I want to, I am just a little surprised. I thought you and Sam, well. The times you have lived apart haven’t been the happiest periods of your life.”
“And, uh. I send Donna sourdough every couple weeks. She sends back cookies. Gingersnaps sometimes, and man, those are fuckin’ amazing. She puts cayenne and black pepper in them, and, Jesus. I’ll save some for you next time.”
“A caper, if you will.” Cas glances shiftily from side to side, as though to check there are no wayward children around to corrupt with their conspiring. “To liberate the languishing produce.”
Dean’s mouth drops open. And sure, people have wanted him, wanted to kiss him or fuck him or be fucked by him, talked about his cock-sucking lips and how good he’d look on his back or his knees. But Cas definitely means something else, something more.
“Why didn’t you - never mind,” Dean says, shaking his head and looking down at the tabletop. “It’s none of my business.”
Sunlight is streaming through the den’s picture window as Dean wakes up in increments. He slept far better than vinyl cushions and scratchy yarn blankets should have made possible. Probably has something to do with the company.
A small, smooth stone appears in his palm the moment he thinks of it, perfect for skipping. He flicks his wrist, sending it out five or six skips across the still water. Cas nods seriously like Dean has done something impressive. He holds out his own palm, an identical stone appearing in it.
He’s naked, which is no surprise. It’s not the first time he’s reentered this planet that way. It’s close to dawn, which seems like a vaguely heavy-handed metaphor for his re-birth. He sits up on the rock he finds himself atop, bringing his knees close to his chest to ward off the substantial early-morning chill. He’s not overly familiar with this terrain, but if he had to guess, he’s somewhere near the northernmost point of Swan’s Island. He’s got a pretty good idea of the
“That’s just wrong, man. On the list of benefits to being human - mostly human, whatever - it’s right there after sex.”
“Jesus, am I crazy or is this -” Dean cuts himself off with a groan, the hand on Cas’ stomach traveling down until he’s got a fist around Cas’ cock.
“Maybe you should ride the coaster again,” Eileen says, squeezing his shoulder, “to see if the same thing happens?”
Dean laughs, rolling Cas to his back and kissing down his sternum, over the tattoo on his ribs, across his stomach before nudging his thighs apart and settling in the space he made.
Next to him, Cas is quiet long enough that Dean starts to panic that he said something fucked up by accident. Wouldn’t be the first time.
"I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable, drawing attention to it," Cas says seriously, eyebrows drawn together. "I just meant, it's okay for you to enjoy things too."
Cas smiles. “It’s not a remark on the strength of our connection, Dean. Quite the contrary. I would always seek to know you better.”
Dean glances to either side of their table before leaning close to whisper, “Dude, is this a case? Some kind of demon deal thing? A witch, except somehow not gross for fucking once?”
“That was my assumption,” Cas says, eyes gone soft at the edges. “So, there you have it. The most mundane of dreams. My angelic brothers and sisters would be mortified.”
“Last question for tonight,” Cas says, kissing over his chest. “‘If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone?’”
“Good or bad? I mean, he’s already dead, so how much worse could it get? Except who am I kidding, it could get worse. Tell me it’s not worse.”
They decide to stop for the night when the Chicago rush hour traffic gets unbearable. Baby wasn’t made for bumper to bumper on an eight lane freeway. Not to mention, Dean wants to find out if a bar he went to back before the first apocalypse is still there.
“I’m not sure,” Cas says, a thick tome spread out in front of him. “The fae of the British Isles are traditionally more transactional than this.”
“I think asking very, very politely might help,” he says as he curls his fingers and Dean nearly screams. He’s pretty sure he will be, before Cas is done with him.
"It's just a name, Dean. When the server returns, all you have to do is say it. Surely you've done harder things."
“Uh, excuse me?” Dean cuts in, feeling like he’s missing something. Cas’ touch, in any capacity, is distracting.
“Are you okay?” Cas asks, and he looks concerned, rather than irritated that Dean just bolted for the door rather than answer a simple question.
Dean is that shitty combination of tired and wired when he finally slides back behind the steering wheel of the Impala after midnight, sweaty and covered in graveyard dirt.
In the hair care aisle, Cas reads the back of at least ten different bottles, popping the cap and sniffing each one, before making his decision. Dean watches him from the corner of his eye while pretending to investigate the styling gel options. Cas places his selection into the cart, and they head toward the homewares department.
Dean preens, because of course he does. His bread is fuckin' great. Last week, he made a seeded semolina that nearly brought Sam to tears. Or maybe it was Jack. Somebody almost cried, and it wasn’t just him.
“I think the last few days have thoroughly demonstrated that isn’t true. I’ll never stop learning new things about you,” Cas says with that open fondness that sets Dean back on his heels.
The waitress tops up their empty mugs, and Cas adds a number of sugar packets that would be distressing if he were fully human, in addition to a generous splash of cream. He sips at it contentedly.
"Okay," Dean sighs, swallowing his disappointment. Because as upsetting as this is, Castiel is just trying to protect a kid. Dean can understand that. “It won't happen again Cas."
“Very good,” Virgil says like they are a pair of well-trained dogs. Almost in sync, Claire and Dean roll their eyes, saying nothing. Virgil smirks at them both before grabbing his file from the table. “Okay, Miss Novak. Do you understand that from this moment on, you are no longer considered the charge of the Guardian angel Dean Winchester?”
Amara licks her red painted lips, looking down at the dagger with something like surprise. She's always seemed so impassive. Empty and emotionless even when she was telling Dean she loved him. But there is something like an emotion crossing her face. "Hello Castiel," She says, raising a perfectly sculpted eyebrow. The knife in her chest melts into nothing, falling and not even leaving a mark behind. Even her clothes remain complete. Dean takes a second to take in the fact that the primordial darkness is wearing a bright yellow pantsuit. "You seem different."
“Cas isn't my boyfriend!” Dean yells defensively, because he hasn’t allowed himself to think of Cas along those lines.
“I can see that Deputy Collins, I was wondering if I could get your first?” Dean says looking up from under his lashes.
"Yeah well, you’re one to talk. What were you thinking? Running away like that? You had me and Charlie pretty worried man."
Castiel rolls his eyes, taking the folder and the duffle for booking. "Course I am, or else I wouldn’t have offered.” Doug nods, then passes him the prisoner, who shuffles ashamedly to Castiel's side.
Sam shrugs, "Lawyers don't take days off Dean. “He admits with a sheepish smile. “It’s just some research things, Castiel was only supposed to be dropping the stuff over but I thought I'd make him lunch since he's kinda my boss and everything."
“Yeah, I guess you do,” Charlie says, patting his shoulder. Dean groans. He has no clue how to ask Castiel for a favour after this morning. But he's going to try, for Bela's sake.
Looking up at the sky, Dean takes a deep breath and lets the rain wash over his face. He's grateful Rowena managed to find a spell for his glasses so they don't get splattered with rain. It will make flying in a storm like this a lot easier. Dean takes a deep breath, listening to the thunder echoing in the air.
Turning around Dean had met inhuman blue eyes at the back of the bar. Dean moved closer, trying to appear confident. The man had said, "I know what you are," and Dean stopped in his tracks. He had met a few hunters during his travels, and he thought Cas was one of them.
"What did I promise?" Cas asks, sliding his hands down Deans sides. His voice is gritty and deep, in the way Dean has learnt from the phone means he's turned on. Dean really likes that fucking voice.
“No,” Dean says, teasingly, while the room smells of Peonies. “I’ll let you figure that one out on your own.”
He can't deny it. Cas has a nice dick and Dean wants to keep enjoying it. Which is definitely something he didn't plan on. Biting his lip Dean looks down at the phone screen, squinting at Cas's profile picture. Dark hair; eyes so blue Dean thought he photoshopped them at first and a jaw to cut glass. Cas has it all. Dean thought so the second he saw that photo. He just wasn't expecting the butterflies in his stomach that came after meeting the guy in person.
Sam rolls his eyes. “C’mon,” he says, lifting his giant legs over the wall. Dean sighs, following Sam as he navigates the small village with ease.
"Hell for a twenty I'll show you the way in person. I can even show you where all the stars live if you like.” The guy gulps but doesn't say anything while Castiel gets comfortable. Fuck, he's even prettier up close. If Meg didn't spend their rent money Castiel would give him a discount.
Dean swallows and straightens his tie. "Okay," he holds out his hand, "Well would you like to join me for an hour, Cas?"
Clearing his throat, Cas nudges Dean's side with what seems to be the bowl of Halloween candy. “Whatever Dean, I brought food and my laptop. I think the Hatchetman movies are on Netflix and since it’s Halloween we have to watch them.”
"Ugh - no," Dean says, his cheeks reddening. "I mean I have slept with people before. Both women and ah men. But no - not this."
Cas groans, a filthy low note that has Dean’s toes curling into the cheap sheets. “Someday I want to fuck you,” Cas says suddenly, “Would you like that, Dean?”
“Most deals are these days in case you haven't noticed," Dean says face hot with rage. "So, yeah forgive me for not trusting you. But I need to see Claire's contract.”
It's only then that Castiel pulls back, breathing heavily over Dean's stomach. Dean looks down at him, dazed, and reaches down to pull Castiel up by his shoulder. Kissing the taste of himself out of Castiel's mouth. “What do you want?” Dean asks, nipping at his jaw. His hand moving down between Castiel's legs.
That makes Dean pause. He never knew Jody would be the type to approach a demon, but then again his father didn't seem the type either. “So how come Claire’s the one paying the price?”
Dean wrinkles his nose; his mentor had been a true sadist. Who often made Dean help waterboard as many victims as he could. It wasn't a surprise when he killed enough of the Soviets for the government to get antsy. Dean got promoted after four months under Alistair's tutelage. Dean wasn’t a fan of torture so he began to use the knowledge he gained his younger years of being a con artist to play his detainees. Dean has gotten more information out of Soviet spy's by playing mind games than Alistair did in two years of service. Dean just doesn't think this particular mind game is going to work out too well. But it’s not really his job to question orders.
Jack looks up at Dean from Kelly’s side, an odd little smile on his face. “My mom said I should thank you for saying nice things about me.” He says solemnly, Dean fights down a smile. Jack grabs his chin, thinking very hard for a seven-year-old. “I don’t know what you said up there that was so nice though, you used a lot of fancy Castiel words.”
"It's not my fault she doesn't have four-wheel drive," Cas says haughtily. Like he didn't own a fucking Prius three months ago.
She scoffs, "Forgive me, I'm not the biggest fan of angels at this moment in time." She says, smiling falsely. It sends shivers down his spine.
"You offered to perform Necromancy?" Dean asks her softly. He's not going to judge her. Despite what she thinks considering the way she's beating around the bush like that.
It's not like he’s living a bad life. The apartment's shit but it’s his own and Meg far outshines his family. Sure, this wasn’t his life plan, but he's mostly happy.  Besides his job isn't as awful despite what everyone may think. He just wants more from life than what he's got. He likes fucking but he doesn’t want it to be his job forever.
Baffled, Castiel stares at the mess and tries to think beyond the influence of the painting. He probably went to the bathroom at some point too, but he can’t remember doing anything other than painting for days now. Shrugging at the mess, Castiel starts to roll his shoulders. Releasing what feels like years of pent-up tension along his spine before finally dropping his brush into the green stained jar of turps. In what feels like eons, he finally breathes. Dragging his feet, Castiel walks the 10ft chasm between his easel and bed. Falling face first into the messy nest of blankets. For once, he doesn’t dream.
Dean lifts an eyebrow, both at the pronoun Cas used, and the fact that Cas’s ex was a common mortal. It means nothing, of course - Dean has no intention of trying to get into Cas’s pants. No matter how gorgeous Cas is. He’s got a plan, and he’s sticking to it. So instead of asking about his ex or pursuing anything flirty like he wants to, Dean asks, “What about you? What're your plans?”
"Stop being lazy Dean," Cas says, squinting like he's trying to see what he ever saw in Dean in the first place. It’s adorable how hard he tries to be grumpy sometimes.
The world doesn't end, but it feels like it has anyway. Dean kneels, the wet grass below him is impossibly green and stained with his blood. He picks up the rings, grips them tight enough they bite at his palm. The ache of his face doesn't even come close to ache in his heart. For the first time in his life, he’s well and truly alone.
Dean shakes his head leaning against the balcony barrier. "So, you are bad at something?" He asks, faking surprise.
Cas shakes his head, grasps Dean's chin and kisses him softly. "You can be surprisingly adorable for a man that kills monsters."
"She was Chuck's ex-girlfriend. She and Sam have a colourful history, to say the least. But we thought we'd call her up to see if she heard anything about the guy and she was gone. Her whole family have been missing for weeks. Between that and the not so subtle parallels with siblings, it's like Chuck hasn't really left."
"Okay this is going to be pretty shitty without a scaffold but if you hold the ladder it shouldn't be too bad," Dean says, swallowing a little as he tightens his new tool belt. Heights aren't his favourite, but he's faced worse things in his life. The winds not even that bad.
Dean's phone is ringing. The shrill chirping echoing through the room and rousing him from his slumber. If it is a telemarketer, they will be dead before the next sunrise.
They talk about everything and nothing. Castiel explains how he met Kelly after moving out of Crowley's firm. Thet had shitty apartment's next door to each other. Kelly was heavily pregnant and Castiel with a dream of owning a firm and neither of them could cook. So they ended up sharing multiple takeaways to lower the price. In return, Dean tells him about how he moved from consulting to guardianship in just two years at the CPS. He tells Castiel about the kids he's raised. The heartbreakers and the ones that made him proud. Claire gets brought up a lot and Deans smile feels a little bit false every time that happens. Remembering with a sudden ache how she still won't answer his calls.
"You can’t charge ten bucks for directions," Green eyes says, still trying to get the car to reverse.
“Okay…” Cas says slowly, still examining Dean until he flushes under his laser gaze. “I hope you know I’m driving.”
Dean scrambles. He tries to fall back into his car, hoping like hell he can just get inside and drive away from the thing but it's no use. Between one breath and the next, the creature has appeared in the field directly beside Dean. Its body towering over him, a humming noise fills the air, almost like a whale song. Dean damn near pisses himself. Slowly the alien reaches out with one of its long fingers and pokes him in the centre of his head.
"I mean I'll probably veto a few of them," Dean says, trying to force a laugh that sounds more like he got punched in the gut.
Sam kneels beside the wall, pulls his wand out from his pocket and begins to tap at stones seemingly at random. Dean sighs, he should have known a town full of wizards would use cloaking spells. The second Sam stands up, the area behind the wall ripples and a small village reveals itself. Seemingly built down the cliff side. People are walking down the path; some wearing cloaks, others regular human clothes, and more than one has their wands raised above their heads - creating small domes to ward off the rain.
Raphael turns their cutting gaze Cas’s way. “Mr Gladius do you have anything you’d like to ask Doctor Sharp?”
"Yeah, and? What’s it to you Meg?" Ruby says, straightening as Meg talks to her. Castiel bites his lip, trying not to laugh, anyone on these streets should know now to try to pick a fight Meg. She'll always win and she usually fights dirty.
Castiel shakes his head. “You don’t have to,” he says, then considers what would happen if he didn't go in today. Jody would probably come looking for him, especially if she thinks he’s sick — and Castiel can only imagine her rage if she saw him playing hooky with last night’s prisoner. He bites his lip. “At least not right away. Have coffee with me?”
Dean smiles thankfully, checking the drawer and wiping his stomach. Castiel lies down beside him. his eyes heavy. Dean, now clean, thumps his head down on Castiel's chest, sighing contentedly. “I didn't peg you for a cuddler,” Castiel says, smiling softly as he wraps his arms around Dean back, feeling more than seeing it when Dean shrugs.
Sam chews his cereal thoughtfully, his hair falling into his face. There are dark circles under his eyes. "Normally I'd agree with you," He says, frowning slightly. "But I miss him to man. He hasn't been answering my calls for months. The only texts he even replies to are the ones that ask if he's alive and even then, it’s only with 'I’m fine'. It's been months without any contact and its dumb. The three of us are a family Dean."
"You left Dean." He says hurt in his voice. In all the scenarios Dean pictured, he never thought Castiel would be upset. "You left and you didn't say anything."
"You want me to drive this thing?" Cas asks looking down at the car with a genuine light in his eyes. It shouldn't be as adorable as it is.
Dean doesn't know why he feels so disappointed. He thought vindication would feel better. He's been defending himself to Charlie for years, for crying out loud. But he just feels empty. Last night Castiel had been helpful, kind even. Dean hates how easily he fell for the gentle facade. Any man who can cast a compulsion has no right to judge anyone casting a soul deal. Castiel is a hypocrite as well as a manipulator. And Dean is the idiot who got excited about making him breakfast. He was stupid enough to think Castiel could have become a friend. When really, all the demon has done is prove that Dean is one step away from his slave.
"прекрасный." Castiel comments, leaning forward so he can mouth along Deans chest. Dean moans louder when Castiel catches a nipple between his teeth.
"Yes sir," Dean says, bending down to kiss him. Castiel groans hot and sweet into Deans' mouth. His fingers digging into Deans skin.
"Hey Jods," Dean says rolling his eyes at the guarded teen. He can't wait till she meets Jody's wife Donna. "How's it going?"
Gabriel shakes his head, “Gladius is working with the Kline kid, isn’t he? Please tell me he's not representing the father.”
"Oh yeah, your Demon thing," Gabe mutters walking towards the kitchen and opening the back door. "You can put him out the back. Rowena's got all her plants jinxed to keep intruders away so the mutt shouldn't be able to do any damage."
“That thing I need you to find. It’s a tablet full of spells that only a prophet can understand. Abaddon wants a spell of it.”
Dean is still trying to work out what the hell Cas is talking about when the necklace around his neck snaps. "Cas! Fuck NO CAS!" Dean yells just as vial shatters.
Green eye's groans, but Castiel ignores him. Turning around so his ass is in the window frame. He’s at the perfect height to watch the man's face in his side mirror. His eyes are glued to Castiel's ass. Which is what Castiel was hoping for.
Dean does what he's told, flipping onto his stomach as Castiel straddles his ass. Immediately finding the glands under his feathers and squeezing hard.
“Yeah well, you’re in luck,” Dean says smiling. He’s 300 years old, but this is the first time he’s felt this happy. He’s tired of keeping everything bottled up. “Because I’m happy to say it for however long you want.”
“Dean, this is Virgil. He’s here to represent the Archangel Raphael's,” Hannah says, more formal than ever. She's obviously trying to stay on this angel's good side.
"It's a bit snug," Castiel comments suddenly, clearly deciding if his dicks out he might as well not be embarrassed about it. And really who could be embarrassed with that thing between their legs? Dean may or may not be having a stroke.
Dean looks down at the letter. "I think I know where he is. If Cas really left because of this letter I have to talk to him. Alone."
"It's an action movie set on Christmas Dean," Castiel says rolling his eyes. How can a man with Disney’s entire omnibus be this blind to the joy of the season?
"One day you and Sam were sleeping in late after a hunt,” Cas says smiling warmly. “Bobby was awake, and he got annoyed at me when I kept trying to go up and wake you. To distract me he decided I should learn car maintenance since I stopped teleporting. More importantly, he thought I should learn how to steal a car even though you had never taught me how to drive."
He has a small collection of cheap shirts. Some lace, others so chiffon they are transparent. Shorts so tiny it's obscene. A kilt that he loves and the faux-leather pants that Meg says make's his ass look amazing. He puts those on with one the white shirts. And tries not to fidget in the mirror.
Someone swallows down the line. "Dean, it's Charlie." The voice says. Dean blinks awake in surprise. Charlie knows Dean well enough to not call him before 3 pm.
“Cassy left because she wanted to move to Vegas and I chose to stay here, that doesn't make her a bad person, Dean. You’re just prejudiced.”
Dean turns over and stares at his face, at the teeth shaped bruises on his neck and the purple bags under his eyes and feels his heartache. He doesn’t have time to love Cas. Not on what could be their last night on Earth. He doesn’t have time to forgive him either, no matter how much he wants to. He's got a world to try and save first.
If it was just the dog, Dean wouldn't be this pissed off or this exhausted. But no Dean's got to fly back to Cas’s place, clean up after his sloppy ass and cook something gourmet. Everyday Castiel will leave some recipe. It's always some strange, complicated, meal for Dean to spend hours perfecting it. He’s made Paella and some bullshit called Boeuf Bourguignon. He spends hours cooking, then another hour scrubbing pots and pans. Taking a small tub for himself because he probably wouldn't eat otherwise. Surprisingly the food he makes isn't half bad. But Dean barely enjoys it, because he passes out after he eats it. Then wakes to start the whole circus over again.
Cas ducks his head and chuckles. "My office, I like that." He puts his hands in his pockets and shrugs, "But yeah I'll get back there eventually. I’m more surprised we both got here in one piece. You're driving had me worried there for a second."
“It is Dean, right? I am pronouncing that correctly. This new language you’ve concocted is very different from the last one.”
As for the other kind of tension, Dean quickly gets over feeling guilty about jerking off in Cas's shower. It's not his fault that former angels have no concept of modesty. Cas is constantly coming out of the bathroom with just a towel on. Or worse getting ready for work with the door open. It’s a trial on Deans sanity. Especially when he sees the dark lines of Cas's tattoo without an injury surrounding it. Deans come more than once thinking about tracing that spot with his hands. His mouth wrapped around Cas's dick.
The thing is, Sam isn’t like most wizards. He’s Dean's stupidly tall little brother, and he has never tried to cut Dean out or look down on him. Swallowing the hurt for Sam’s sake, Dean forces a smile and follows Sam into a tall whitewashed building called the Cerridwen Inn.
Cerberus at least looks pleased to see him. His thick tail thumping against the sofa as he watches Dean look around. Deans wings fall when he sees the note on the table.
“It won’t be. You're getting married to an awesome girl and that’s all that matters. I’m so happy for you, Sammy, you have no idea. That’s all I’m going to be thinking about tomorrow, okay? I’m sorry I’m acting like a dick. I just really don’t want to fuck up your wedding by punching someone.”
"Does that mean you'll be dressing up later?" he asks, adding in the pasta shells, looking at Dean as it starts to boil.
"Okay," Dean sighs, relaxing a little in Cas's hold. He's not sure what's happening exactly but he'll take Cas in any way he can get. "Okay Cas, I'll stay."
Castiel pulls back, wrinkling his nose. "Eat you! Why would I eat you? Do you know how many bones humans have? I think that would be rather unpleasant."
“Then you can drive on and go to Bobby’s.” Dean would rather hunt two wendigos than go to Bobby’s while he's entertaining Ellen. There are some things he’d prefer not to hear from his pseudo parent figures. But he knows they'd welcome him in a heartbeat, especially this close to November. It won't be anywhere near as satisfying as the weekend could have been in Cas’s arms. But it's not like any hunt will be that satisfying either.
Dean doesn't even think about how weird it’ll be until they’re both sitting in their regular booth. He’s never dealt with a charge after the Severing. At least outside of those odd run-ins when he sees them on the street. He’s certainly never brought an old charge here after their time together was over. Still, it seems oddly fitting that it's here where they too figure out what they are to each other now.
“No further questions your Grace.” Crowley spits out venomously. Storming back to his desk. Nick glaring at his side.
"Thanks," Dean says letting Cerberus of the leash, groaning while he stands. It's been a long time since his thighs burned like that. Dean shivers at the memory.
"Dean-o," He groans, rubbing his face. "You better have a very good reason for waking me up at this time of the morning."
It doesn't help that his job is still just as demanding as ever. He meets his clients, helps his weekly charges to find places to live or schools to teach them. But he still ends up petitioning for three of them to become monthly meetings. Despite there being no space on his schedule. He has to go through the Severing again with Kevin Tran. A kid cursed to be a psychic, who’s finally learnt to cope with it. Castiel doesn't even care how down Dean is in the weeks following that. Dean hopes this kid is smart enough not to make any demon deals because this shit fucking sucks.
"Yeah," Dean says, drawing it out wondering if Cas is trying to think of a way to let Dean down gently. Dean hopes not.
Dean sighs his arm fucking burns but there's nothing else he can do here. “Yeah, it looks like we do.” He says, praying that he won't regret this.
Which means he's just going to have to suck it up and talk to his brother about his fucking feelings. Dean hates talking to Sam about his feelings. Sighing Dean packs his shit and leaves class in a sulk. He's nervous despite himself. He's sure Sam won't care about the whole Bi thing but Dean's stomachs still churning. He knows the longer he puts it off the worst he'll feel. So, he decides to just get it over and done with. Skipping the library today and heading home. His fingers tapping an uneven staccato against the steering wheel. Even driving his Baby doesn't put his mind at ease. His palms are fucking sweating as more and more what-ifs run through his mind.
It's dark and menacing and Dean feels the hairs on the back of his neck rise. The growling is followed by the hiss of nails scraping against wood. Dean freezes, pulling his hand back from the door and stepping backwards. He's only ever heard a growl like that once before and it was no picnic. Of course, a dick like Castiel would have a fucking hellhound.
Dean nods,  his green eyes sparkling. Castiel’s never spent the whole night with anyone before. Two hundred bucks is usually his highest rate. But for a guy like Dean, it might be small change. “You couldn't afford it.” He says just to see what Dean does.
Cas raises an eyebrow, his foot thumping again, making the bench rattle. "Yeah well, I like the bus."
(possible trigger warnings with spoilers in the end notes but don't panic despite the last chapter theres no MCD)
"Lucifer is the guy you made the deal with?" Dean asks, finally understanding why she was so on edge. "You're sure he's an angel?"
Dean wonders if those dreams he's had since shooting Chuck have been keeping him up again. "Well, you're doing a bang-up job their Sam."
“Hey, Hannah," Dean says sheepishly, pushing his glasses further up his nose. "I figured I had some free time to kill before my appointment this afternoon.”
He knows it doesn't really make sense. He was fine giving up his other charges. Hell, he was proud of the adults they became after a few years in his care. It’s just that Claire is practically a daughter to him. He's allowed to mourn that loss. Besides he knows, Hannah sulked just as badly when Alfie turned 18.
“It’s good to see you, too,” he says when she pulls back far enough to see his mouth. She laughs, unashamedly happy and easily the most relaxed he’s ever seen her. Sam seems to melt in her presence, his smile getting instantly soppier as he pulls her in for a hug as well. They are altogether too sappy, and despite being happy for them, Dean feels the twist of jealousy in his gut for the happiness they have found in one another.
It's a two days drive to Whitefish, and that's not even adding in the extra hours it takes to leave Sam at Bobby's compound. The off-world hunters have set up a pretty nice place for themselves. A large fence lines the property, wards carved directly into the wood. Hunters mill around, most with some kind of construction gear. Dean spots more guns than the impala's arsenal and that's just at the front gate. "How long do you think it will take before the news vans show up, talking about Waco?
"Cas look out!" Dean snaps, lunging for one of Bobby's old rifles as the tentacle-like thing reaches for Cas.
Dean sits up stiffly fixing his glasses and picking up his goggles from the dirt. "You should put a leash on that thing."
"I'm glad to hear that," Castiel says, a small smile on his face. He won't meet Deans eye. "I'm going to be honest; I didn't expect to hear from you again."
Dean tries to hide his face behind his mug. He knows Cas wouldn't leave her here alone on purpose, but who knows where his head was at. "We'll get him back," Dean says, trying to sound convincing.
Cas has drawn his true form again, far larger than Dean expected. His mask-like face is tilted upwards looking away from his hands. A figure that could be Dean is held inside it, his face scarred as he tries to scramble from it. His eyes are black. Even though Cas's face should be devoid of expressions, Dean can see something on it. Theres forgiveness in his blank eyes, a softness in his slitted mouth.
Dean feels his stomach drop. He thinks of the spell-work and the whiskey bottle and how mad Cas is. For a second he thinks this is it. Cas is going to make him go home. Their friendship left behind in the dust.
He almost says something, when Jack suddenly appears. He runs to Castiel his little suit wrinkled at the knees. He looks far too happy for what they are about to do. Kelly, meanwhile, looks like hasn't slept in weeks. Despite the neatness of her hair and outfit. Castiel gives her shoulder a tight squeeze.
. Similar, to how Jack reached out and summoned me. The doorway he created was only connected to Lucifer. Lucifer was able to go through it because he already was on earth. As far as I know, the Empty has never been on earth, much less summoned to it."
“Claire convinced me to hear her out,” Castiel says shrugging. His smirk showing the points of his sharpened teeth. “She also added a clause that meant our deal didn't go into effect until the Severing was completed.”
Cas rolls his eyes before sitting up, looking sorta embarrassed. “You should know I cook like a college student.”
Once again Cas raises his eyebrow as if he has any right to judge after his little display. "You are just full of surprises, aren't you?" he asks, stepping into the elevator without a care in the world.
Cerberus doesn't slow down. He speeds up, dragging Dean three more blocks and getting Dean lost in the neighbourhood. "Damn dog," Dean mutters, panting heavily when Cerberus stops to sniff a lamppost. Dean jumps when his phone rings, surprised to see its Sam calling. "Hey man, I was just thinking about you," Dean says, almost laughing. Cerberus starts to stroll down the street.
“I see,” Castiel says, making some notes. “That doesn’t mean we're going to win. A large group of children suffering from neglect is a lot different from one custody case.”
heat and want and love. Deans addicted to it already. Thumbing a line along Deans jaw Cas tilts his head and claims his mouth. Groaning into it as Dean tightens his hands int Cas's shirt, keeping him nice close.
"So, what are you going to kill us because we don't worship him anymore?" Sam asks, proving that he isn't the only suicidal one here today. Dean wonders when he became the only one with self-preservation instincts. "You sure changed your tune."
It's that thought that sets Dean scrambling of the bed. He gets changed into yesterday's suit second-guessing himself the whole time. Castiel only stirs to pull Deans pillow into his face. Frowning like he can sense what Deans about to do. It makes Dean hesitate. Just yesterday he had fantasised about spending every morning with Cas. Now the very thought sends his stomach into knots. He has no clue what Castiel wants from him and it’s that uncertainty that forces him to leave.
"You two should have boned ten years ago," Sam says awestruck. Dean scoffs, rolling his eyes as Cas's truck appears up the lane.
"Who better to teach someone how not to be like God than those who suffered the most from under his plans. Chuck tried to stop him of course." Amara shakes her head, a rueful smile on her face. "Collapsing the universes and getting him to give up his soul was genius really. But it doesn’t change anything. Cosmic law decided eons ago that Jack would replace God. It has been written in Deaths books since the beginning of time and we were never supposed to know about it."
“Yes, fairly easily actually,” Castiel says, twirling the pen in his hand and looking down at Dean's contract. Dean lifts his wing higher to protect the pages, watching as Castiel starts to smile. “I thought about approaching you with this offer this morning, but I panicked and fucked it up instead.”
It was obvious from his constant moving that Cas got bored easily. Every time Dean left, Cas seemed to find a new house. So why would he want an immortal boyfriend? He'd drop Dean quicker than Benny had. It was safer this way, keeping it casual. Even if Dean's heart said otherwise.
“Thank you very much, sir. Have a nice night.” The man says shuffling out the room with one last distasteful look at Castiel.
The roof does look pretty good now that Deans nearly finished. Almost all the old shingles have been replaced, the rot treated, and weeds removed. If it wasn't for the discolouration between the original structure and the new pieces. Dean would think the whole thing was brand new.
Also this chapter hated me. It hated me every step off the way until I changed one line and suddenly everything made sense. Writing is weird like this.
Dean shrugs, taking a leisurely step forward into the cell. Kevin says Dean looks like a predator when he does this walk. The one he learned from Alistair. Castiel only blinks, up at him, at least until Dean pulls at his chain. Castiel slides off the bed and falls on the concrete, wincing. Dean springs into action as Castiel tries to sit up, slamming him back against the bed frame. Practically crawling into his lap.
Castiel raises his eyebrow considering his options. The guy's interested in him. There's no arguing with that. So it's probably the hooker thing that's got him so on edge. Castiel knows all he needs is time to wear him down. Smirking Castiel opens the car door and gets in.
He is in such a rush to leave, he almost doesn't notice when he bumps into someone. Smiling apologetically Dean turns and sees Jamie. Because, of course, he needed to meet his ex-girlfriend to really rub salt in the wound. "Jamie, hey," Dean says, trying to hide his insecurities with a smile.
Dean laughs without humor, “No the complete opposite. But he married a woman and thinks I should do the same.” There’s a story there, Castiel can feel it, but he can also see the time on Dean’s Rolex.
I'm finding it really funny that I wrote this chapter two weeks ago and then last nights episode also showed Sam doing witchcraft and Cas running away to a cabin the woods. I currently have the plague (read as a mild-flu) so I would really feedback you guys give. I love you all. Thanks for sticking around to read this current update. I'm about halfway through writing this fic so when I'm finished I’m going to move to twice a week updates so don't be deterred by me posting this update so late. I'm just sick.
“Okay, I’ll get my coat,” Dean says. Already leaping out of his chair because a drink sounds like a fucking fantastic idea right now.
As far as Castiel's hangover's concerned alarms are the worst thing that's ever happened to him. Sure, his life has been a pile of shit, but Jesus, that thing escaped from the 9th circle of hell.
He sticks his hands in his pockets, watching Cas's face carefully. "You could come with me if you want? We might need the truck to get a few things."
“Fuck.” Dean moans gripping Castiel’s hair and horns between his fist. Castiel hums licking over Dean's cock-head one more time, then he relaxes into the bed. Dean stares at his tan skin; the cherry red of his horns and swiping tail. He grabs the charm in his fist. “I’ll take this off if you take off your pants.”
And Cas fucking takes it. He takes every nip and bite, every harsh word, pushing closer and closer to Dean until he’s sitting on the shitty fucking table. Cas stands nice and snug between Dean's spread legs and kisses his mouth, hands squeezing tight on Dean's shoulders. He rocks into Dean, dick hard and straining against his cheap suit pants. Dean groans at that too, pushing off Cas's trenchcoat and jacket until they get stuck at his elbows. The zipper and pants chafe against Dean's dick and it hurts but it’s good, it’s so fucking good. So much so that Deans pulling at Cas’s tie begging for more.
"Because I was worried you would act like this." Cas snaps, scrubbing his jaw. "I wasn't like it was hard choice to make Dean. Jack was my son, and it’s not  like our lives have had many happy moments."
"My life was already on the line." Cas snaps, getting to his feet so he can look Dean in the eye. "I made a deal with it."
But at least they all have someone. Charlie’s got her roommates. Benny has his teenage daughter acting as his sous chef. Sam has Eileen and baby Jack screaming the house down. Hell, even Bobby is isolating with his cantankerous old army buddy Rufus. Dean has no one but himself. There’s no one around for miles. He's surrounded by farmland, with only Samuel’s mares and now kittens to keep him company.
“James -” Dean starts, voice cracking. “Cas, whatever name you prefer it doesn't matter. You're not broken. I wasn’t allowed to interfere back then, Cas. I wanted to but you weren’t ready yet. I had to find you a good teacher instead.”
"Oh. Okay then." Dean says, licking his lips. He looks at the field again, then at the weird alien taking up his passenger seat. After an immeasurable amount of time, he starts the engine.
“Huh,” Dean says throwing him a shovel. Castiel grabs it on instinct staring at the raindrops clinging to Dean's lashes.
Dean makes a note of it, he doesn't know how she knows this stuff. Whether Alistair liked to gloat or whether she overheard the deal being made. Either way, it’s useful information. "If you consent to the memory spell, I can help you put both Lucifer and your father away for good."
"God just get married already," Sam says getting to his feet and shaking his head, likes he's already over their bullshit.
There's a loud flap, like a bird taking flight, and Castiel is suddenly in the passenger seat. "Dude, what the hell?"
“You guys are both assholes,” Dean whines, but there's a smile in his voice. Because they are right. He's finally going to go see Cas.
"Yes, what?" Cas asks, his forehead creasing. Dean kisses it softly, feeling the lines smooth under his touch.
“Charlie - Charlie?" Dean pushes up from lying on the couch removing the kittens from their perch so he can try to fix his laptop. From the kitchen there is a bang, the taps start to run and the microwave starts turning.
“Good,” Castiel says, genuinely smiling now. It's not a smirk or a cocky lawyers persona. It's something soft, intimate even. It makes Dean's fingers itch to reach out and touch him.
Dean groans, grabbling at the clammy skin of Cas's back to pull him in closer until their hips align. "Dean," Cas sighs, rolling his hips down so his dick riding against Dean's. his hands wrapped
"Call me when you do," Sam says, running a hand through his hair. "I want to talk to him too, okay."
Castiel frowns, "Of course I care what you think. That's why I came to The Garden in the first place to find out what you humans are doing."
Dean jumps turning around to see Cas standing by the entryway. He's wearing just his shirt and slacks which basically means he's naked. Dean swallows.
“So, you’re just going to have to beat him in court,” Dean says, trying to seem supportive. He didn't realise playing nice would be this hard so soon.
Inside, Hannah smiles at the official behind the desk. Unlike Hannah and Dean, this angel's wings aren’t hidden by cloaking charms. Instead, they gleam silver, clearly well maintained and reaching down to his hip.
In the distance, a shadow is soaring, silhouetted in red with the morning sky. Dean stands there, spellbound, as the shape swoops down to the ocean. Gliding along the waves before sharply turning upright. Heading towards a far-out cliff. Dean drops the feather. Then he runs towards the soaring shape, sending sand flying around him in arcs. He doesn't know for sure if it’s Cas, but his gut says it is.
"So, you picked that song to make fun of me?" Dean asks, eyes hard. Castiel fucking knew this would happen.
“I didn't take it I’m getting nothing else from it. Claire’s still getting what she wanted,” Dean says because he's not that much of a dick. “I’m just doing her payment for her.”
"I'm aware, Charlie, but why is Cas's stuff in amongst all this?" Dean said, frowning as he looks over the cases. He swallows, taking a step forward into the room and lets his eyes adjust with the moonlight. "Charlie, are these all letters?"
Castiel scowls when Dean brings up the compulsion. The sighs even more dramatically than before, “You sound like a cheesy commercial.”
It drowns out the splashes on the ground. But Dean still manages to hear when Castiel yells, "Dean!" from behind him.
Dean snorts and follows him out of the room, patting himself dry before finally sitting down on Cas's new bed. He immediate feels betrayed. "Is this memory foam?"
Dean stays in Sam's place long enough for the sun to set. Spending hours looking over his notes with Rowena's spells. Trying to find the least painful way for Bela to do this. He's got a tentative plan now; one Hannah will have to approve of first, but it's a start.
Dean looks up at the building then back at Cas. "What are you going to do now?" Dean asks, licking his lips as he looks Cas up and down. "Take a cab back to your office?"
Dean flushes, he knew his face was hot and that people were watching him on the bus. But he didn't understand why. It's a rare day when his feelings are strong enough to create a halo through his concealment charm. But he's probably been sporting one since the diner. No wonder the secretary had been so antagonistic.
Cas ducks his head, a blush rising on his cheeks. "I didn't know until today that Dean was your brother Sam."
"Your damn right I am." Dean snaps shoving into Nicks space. Putting distance between him and Kelly. His wings raised protectively.
Dean lifts his head, a smile beginning to bloom when he sees Cas scowl at him. His hair is fucked six ways to Sunday. Dark locks covering his eyes as he frowns down at the notebook in his lap. He holding a chewed-on pencil in his left hand. "Were you drawing me?" Dean asks as Cas flips the pencil to erase something on the page.
"Frustratingly complex and truly wonderful," Cas says, softly looking at Dean's face. Dean ducks his head biting back a smile. Amara frowns at them.
Dean has a lot of reasons for not asking Cas out. Most of them are about what a mess he is and what his job does to him. But that kinda talk usually makes Sarah give him sad looks or yell at him. He sighs down the line. “Because Cas doesn't want that.”
Dean looks at his lightly haired chest then around at their companions on the street. "Hang on, we can't have you walking through the lobby looking like Fabio." He says and starts fastening up the buttons.
Cas looks over at the clock. "Pretty early for trick or treaters," he says, grabbing the bowl of candy and walking to the door.
"Oh," Meg says blinking in shock. Then she sighs, "We'll that's good, for a second here I thought it was because Dean wouldn't watch them with you. Then I'd actually have to hate him instead of playing it up to mess with you both."
When he gets out, Cas is sulking against the Impala. Leaning against her and exuding absolute misery. Dean barely spares him a second glance, storming to his room and unlocking it without looking back. Cas comes in, slamming the door seconds later, just as Dean's untying his boots at the edge of the bed. He looks around the room then perches carefully on the ratty stool. Cas glares at Dean with those solemn beautiful eyes before he speaks, “Dean please reconsider this foolishness.”
Dean drives up to the beach, hoping his hunch is right. That Cas is here and that he hasn't teleported halfway across the world. He parks the car and walks the coastline alone. His boots sinking into the sand. With the sound of the waves beside him, Dean feels like he's transported through time. He walks and walks, hoping that Cas will be here and eventually, he spots something. A feather sticks out of the sand, longer than his arm.
Dean nods, vaguely remembering the stories Sam told him during his summers off, tales about his pure-blooded roommate with a weird name, and a faded photo of a skinny dark-haired kid smiling with Sam's arm around his shoulder. The skinny haired kid has grown into an almost unrecognizably good looking man that's got Dean tongue tied just looking at him. Figures Sam would become friends with someone exactly Dean’s type and then forget to warn him about it.
Dean bites his lip. It shouldn't be pleasing to hear that Cas is just as insecure about this as he is. But it soothes something in him anyway. “You’re an awesome fucking deputy,” Dean says, softly.
"Right..." Dean says, his voice wavering. He's not sure whether he finds the fact Castiel finds him to be too bony for consumption, reassuring or not. “Ah look Castiel, Cas, I’m going to call you Cas alright it’s less of a mouthful.”
“Anyway. He wasn’t father of the year, I get that. But he made me who I am, so I don’t know if I would change anything. Kelpie bait and all.”
Dean fidgets on his stool. “I mean, you know me and school weren’t on the best of terms, I might’ve missed out on...that.”
Time to up the ante. Dean shuts his eyes and sinks down again, letting Cas into his throat. The weight of Cas’ gaze is a heady thing and follows him into the dark. Taking it slow enough that his lungs burn on each descent, he knows it’s working when Cas starts chanting his name. Doing this is the closest Dean gets to meditation. Achieving enlightenment via really excellent dick—who knew. He counts the spaces between breaths, the length of time he can keep Cas buried in his throat, and resists the urge to drift. He’s in control here, he reminds himself. Cas is trusting him to stay in control.
Ten minutes later, he’s sipping some kind of sweetened coffee thing that’s fucking delicious and watching Cas delicately pinch a shrimp dumpling in his chopsticks. Dean pulls out his phone and opens up the tab for the questions. He scrolls down through the numbers Cas has already taken care of, startled to see they still somehow have eleven left to go.
Realizing his legs have gone stiff, Dean decides to sample the wares of the country store/McDonald’s/truck stop they’re at. The bell dings overhead as he enters, and the lady at the counter tosses him a distracted half-smile from behind a People magazine. He heads toward the beverage cases, picking up a peach iced tea for Cas and a Coke for himself before wandering to the aisle of random shit that every convenience store in America worth its salt has. Phone chargers, ugly patriotic tchotchkes, novelty keychains, out-of-season holiday decor...there. Sunglasses. Dean spins the rack, picking out a pair of aviators on instinct.
When he gets wind of a possible case in Ohio—something vaguely familiar involving skeleton masks and tongues ripped out—he passes it off to a couple of hunters ten years younger than him instead of insisting he and Sam take care of it themselves. Call it gut instinct. Better safe than dead.
“Well, I think we can safely rule out a glaistig. Jack was right - they really are spiteful. Not exactly the gift-giving sort.”
.” Cas laughs like the terrible (wonderful) person he is and adds a third finger, and Dean forgets to be mad. “My only personal problem right now is that this son of a bitch I’m in love with won’t stop fucking around and put his dick in my ass, you got any advice on how to
Cas is hanging up his coat in the closet when Dean comes back out, and Dean watches as he pulls off his boots and sets them tidily on the shoe rack before holding out a hand for Dean’s own jacket.
Dean barely hears him, his head gone fuzzy from endorphins and the almost unbearable force of how much he wants everything that’s happening.
“‘If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?’” Cas asks before popping a fried pickle into his mouth.
. Cas lets him lead it - Dean’s under no illusions about that. He lets Dean lick open his mouth, slow and then desperate until Cas is tracing fingertips up his spine under his shirt like Dean is a spooked horse rather than a 40-something guy about to (hopefully) fuck his best friend.
Dean has been peppering her with questions from the passenger seat of her truck since they merged onto I-90 about an hour ago. He’s got a list of skydiving terminology pulled up on his phone and a knot of anxiety in his gut that’s been growing since he and Sam left Lebanon, and Jody is being more than patient with him. Sam, meanwhile, is staying rigidly fixated on the passing corn fields rather than participating in this safety inquisition.
“He’s still much the same though,” Cas says with a sigh. “Apparently, it’s possible to be both spiritually redeemed and caustically annoying. Speaking of, he said to tell you...I’m not going to repeat what he said to tell you. It was inappropriate—in poor taste.”
“Because I’ve had that too, and like I said, this isn’t that.” He’s lost enough people over the years to know the difference.
“Can I trust you to keep out of danger while I try to work this out, for at least a few days? The sphere where communication can occur most easily between the realms involves several transmutations to enter and leave, so should something happen in the meantime—”
“I, uh. There's a shoebox under my bed. I’ve got a few pictures, sentimental stuff - shit like that. There’s a picture of you in there, actually. The one with the -”
They let themselves into the cab of Jody’s truck and crank on the air, Sam sitting shotgun this time and Dean in the back. Dean pulls a couple of water bottles out of the cooler stowed in the footwell and hands one up to Sam.
“We’ve been over this. You were worth it. And may I remind you, because of my deal, because of what I told you, you and your brother were able to save the world.”
“...Well, yeah. I guess I do. What about you?” Dean says, turning the question around. “You finished condensing millenia into a few minutes?”
“Sunset is at 8:48 PM tonight, dusk at 9:20. I’d say 11:30, to be safe. That’s thirty minutes after the Wednesday night closing time for the only bar within a hundred miles, further reducing the risk of passersby.”
Cas was here, right here in the bunker, to steal his fucking keys and stop him from getting Dorothy’d out of Kansas in a twister. Of course, the guy couldn’t stop for a conversation like a normal person, no, he just—
“We’re taking a trip,” Cas interjects with a long-suffering sigh, putting an end to it. “A long one.”
Cas gives Dean directions through the maze of endless Los Angeles highways until they're driving slowly through the packed streets of Venice Beach.
“Dean,” Cas groans at the ceiling, arching his back in a sinuous stretch and killing off at least a couple thousand of Dean’s remaining brain cells.
Cas raises a hand, his palm hovering over Dean’s shoulder like he doesn’t know if he’s allowed. Dean nods an affirmative and wishes Cas would just read his mind for once to know exactly how much Dean wants right now. He sets his hand down softly, his thumb skirting the collar of Dean’s t-shirt, and Dean leans into the touch.
Halfway back to Lebanon, Dean asks Sam if he’s up for driving. They switch at an off-ramp marked only with a blank sign reading ‘Attractions.’ Dean snags a spare flannel from his duffel in the trunk to use as a makeshift pillow and tries to get some sleep.
Cas curls in on himself, head to his knees as another wave of nausea crests and mercifully wanes before he needs to leave the car again.
“You’re saying it’ll be a challenge?" Cas says archly, face resting on his palm. "Maybe you haven't noticed, but you
“It’s no one’s fault that we couldn’t - that we didn’t - find some way to relate to each other. If we’d had more time, sure, but -”
“Life-threatening situations are a dime-a-dozen for the Winchesters. I’m sure something will come up eventually.” He’s not patient enough for ‘eventually.’ Shit. “Or...”
“Sounds romantic.” Jody would look sexy as hell on a horse, it’s true. So would Cas. Add that to the honeymoon to-do list.
Of course something's wrong, of course he doesn't want this like Dean does. Who the fuck is he kidding, that Cas would want to -
“I’ve always wanted you closer, Dean,” Cas says, like it's easy, as easy as his hands find their place on Dean's hips like they already know the terrain.
They set the blanket down, untie the straps, and the creature walk-slithers out onto the sand. It turns back to them, eyeing Cas and flicking its forked tongue out in his general direction.
Cas’ fingers find the tightness on the outsides of his thighs like his stupid body is sending out some kind of homing beacon, and Dean finally flinches. He realizes his eyes are wet.
,” Dean says, gasping as Cas leans forward to suck his dick again. “God, god god god, fucking fuck fuck -
“Oh. Do I still love you, you mean?” Cas clarifies, seriously. Dean nods. “Of course I do, but I wasn’t going to bring it up. I assumed the topic would make you uncomfortable.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says, looking for all the world like Dean just gifted him something a lot more valuable than the still-attached $8.99 price tag would indicate.
“I think you’re right. We’ve embarrassed them. So, we’re looking for an entity a little less lofty than the goddess of all earth. Gnomes, perhaps?”
Dean swallows thickly, and Cas sets the pile of selected clothes gently in his lap and the bag in the footwell. He smooths his hands over the flannel as Dean turns on the radio. Something acoustic fills the speakers, and Cas catches Dean’s grimace.
At first he doesn’t understand, unable to decipher Dean’s non-specifics through the spell his brain is under. But then - oh.
The war room table, the gym floor, and the kitchen counters all get some action that weekend. Semi-angelic refractory periods are no joke.
Cas doesn’t say much after that, as he and Dean quietly work together to fold up the tarps and load the stakes into the trunk of the car. Whenever Dean sneaks a glance at him, Cas is smiling, soft and warm. Before they leave, he presses Dean back against the passenger side door and kisses him until Dean feels all lit up inside.
Dean glances side to side, the empty frame where a door once hung and the scratch on the wall the only lingering proof of Billie’s attack. “I, uh, couldn’t sleep. And your door was open, but you - you weren’t there. Anyway. You - you shouldn’t have had to do all this.”
“Freshly laundered sheets. Why is it that they feel so much better? I would make a study of it, but given our area’s propensity for drought, it’s a difficult thing to morally justify. Especially as I barely sleep. Let’s see, what else. The Saturday crossword.”
“Claire and Kaia, obviously,” Cas says, speaking directly into his third - or fifth? - cup of coffee. “They’re adults now, and Claire texted me yesterday that they’ve been looking for their own place.”
“That’s right, okay. Let me just -” Dean reaches over to pull another pillow under his head, getting the angle right. He gets his hands on Cas’ ass, tugging him forward until he can pull the head of his cock into his mouth, letting it rest on his tongue. He groans out a little encouragement, nudging Cas forward until Cas is the one hanging onto the bars of the headboard, hips stuttering forward so damn carefully, like Dean’s made of glass. That’s gotta stop.
“Get on in,” Dean says, an unintentional double entendre that makes him grin, even though he definitely doesn’t have the energy for that right now. Maybe tomorrow. Definitely tomorrow. “If you keep staring like that I’m gonna start thinkin’ you have a crush on me.”
“I’m - I just. Figured. We’ve been doing a lot of sharing and caring these days. So. If you wanted to, uh, talk about it. That would be okay.”
Dean has nothing to add to that. Cas is right, after all. Dean has done more than his share of remembering, of sifting out the good from the bad from someone’s life at the side of a burning pyre. Hell, he’s done that for Cas. More than once.
Dean shakes his head. "We've all been there. She put her minions’ ears out for chatter though, all over the world. Nothing yet. So, covered heaven, hell. That takes care of all the major players.”
“You got a type, then?” Dean asks, before gulping the last of his beer and wishing he could be normal for fucking
Outside, he pulls his jacket tight around himself and leans against the brick. When he pulls out his phone, dialing Sam comes automatically.
Jody tries to convince them to stay over at her place before they head back home to Kansas. She even throws in an offer of dinner with her and the girls. Normally, the promise of eating something homemade that he didn’t cook himself with some of his favorite people on earth would be an automatic yes, but Sam doesn’t question it when he asks for a rain check.
Dean thinks at him. But then suddenly he’s watching himself rake leaves in Lisa Braeden’s yard, and he realizes he didn’t understand any of it, not really, until now.
Dean looks up at him, and Cas pulls back enough for him to nod without the risk of hurting him. He’d beg if he had to, for Cas to keep going. It doesn’t seem like Cas is going to make him beg. Maybe next time.
When he looks back at Cas, Cas quickly glances away and clears his throat, like he’s been caught. Wishful thinking.
Dean is certain he’s hallucinating the slight sag to Cas’ shoulders. It’s probably just relief. That’s all it is. He’s not
“Hey, if I do, so do you. How about on the way back, I rub your back. It’s not - it doesn’t have to be
“Uh, I’m sorry?” Dean replies, and it feels woefully inadequate. He thinks of the Impala’s gas mileage, of the ground beef thawing in the fridge back at the bunker and feels at least 50% responsible for the sum total of global climate change.
“‘If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?’” Cas asks.
“I see. So disrobing with you would be for purely pragmatic purposes,” Cas says solemnly, eyes flashing.
“You’ve got the jump on me there. I mean, it’s not that I haven’t thought about it. The you-and-me thing. God, I’ve thought about it. It just always seemed like something that could only happen to a version of me living two universes to the left, you know what I mean?”
“Hey Jody, nice to hear from you. How are the kids, how’s Donna?” Dean asks, stalling as he pushes soft-scrambled eggs around the pan.
Dean shrugs, glad he’s facing the wall so Cas can’t see the way he knows he looks right now. Embarrassed, and proud, and greedy. He hasn’t heard someone say this many nice things about him in a row since...
“Thank you, yes,” Cas says, balancing the laundry basket against his hip. “We just need to place all of these containers under the overhang. The breakfast shift will be arriving within the hour and can bring them inside.”
“Jesus, Cas - you alright, there?” Dean asks, pulling him steady with an arm around his waist. He uses his other hand to check for non-existent damage to Cas’ shoulders.
“English is idiotic,” Cas says, dropping their bags and unscrewing the lid of the bottle. “Alright, I have more nice things to say about you.”
“Okay?” Cas asks, and Dean just nods, tipping forward until his lips are pressed in an open-mouthed kiss to the hollow of Cas’ throat.
“Hang on.” Dean reaches out to click on the bedside table lamp and then rearranges, rolling over to face Cas from inches away. “Why?”
"And you're easy," Dean says, slipping his foot between Cas' under the table. "I bet I could take you to the bathroom right now, get down on my knees, and have us back in our seats before the appetizer comes."
Jody calls as Dean is flipping pancakes at the stove. It’s a breakfast-for-dinner kind of day. He answers, taps the speaker button, and leaves the phone on the counter while he works. Claire must’ve given her the head's up, and he insists to himself that that’s fine. He didn’t tell her not to, after all. If anyone was going to be accepting or whatever, it’s Jody. What he’s got going on can’t stay a secret for much longer, if it was ever a secret at all.
"I think we dicked this question up. Pretty sure the answer is supposed to be like, 'pitch a no-hit game in the World Series' or something," Dean says after he realizes he’s left his hand on Cas’ knee for more than a normal amount of time. Thankfully, Cas doesn’t seem to notice.
"How would you rank the relative importance of a second bathroom versus southern exposure?" Cas asks.
Dean swallows hard, adjusting his grip on the bars and trying to form a coherent thought, a herculean task given the circumstances. “Yeah, uh. You can boss me around, sure.”
Dean smiles against his mouth, tugging at his wrist, pulling him upright, and walking him backwards. Cas hits the wall with a gentle thud, Dean’s hand skating up from his neck to his hair and coming between his head and the concrete wall, the other going to his jaw and guiding their lips together again. He groans when Dean presses the full length of his body against him, nudging his knees apart and making a space for himself. And that’s great, that’s phenomenal. Dean is so clever. He deserves to hear that more, but perhaps later - they’re a little busy at the moment.
It’s then that he sees Cas across the roof. He’s talking to Claire, his head bent low. She’s almost unrecognizable in a long, pink dress with honest-to-god flowers in her hair. Dean hasn’t seen her in anything but flannel since she was...shit, eleven years old?
“Fuck yes. Jesus Christ,” Dean says, the best he can manage. He should win a medal for being so articulate with Cas’ hard dick just inches away.
Cas smiles, bracing a hand on the mattress to lean forward and kiss him, slow and lush, until Dean’s heartbeat slows.
Cas toes out of his shoes, then sits to pull his socks off rather than risk a topple into the lake. He tucks them carefully inside his shoes at the same time Dean realizes he's never seen Cas barefoot before. He looks away from Cas' newly-revealed ankles like a scandalized Victorian as he moves to sit by his side.
“I’ve wanted you since 2009, so I might have some idea.” He rocks forward, and why aren’t they naked yet? He can’t remember.
“Alright, you’re right. It’s not for me to say. Just, trust me. I know him. He’ll figure his shit out, and as long as you’re there when that happens...”
Cas doesn’t just return the truck. He gases it up, even carefully cleans the windshield with the little squeegee at the gas station as Dean texts Sam from the Impala, letting him know the hunt - or whatever this was - is all buttoned up. When they get to the U-Haul place, he helps Cas inspect the truck over for any trace of monster goo before Cas drops the keys into the after-hours box next to the front door.
The glossy, grey head of some kind of something rises from the water, its black eyes at Cas’ level. Cas holds a hand palm out behind him, signaling Dean to stop whatever dumbass idea he has of splashing in after him. Just in time - Dean had already pulled back the safety on his gun. Dean watches gobsmacked as Cas nods understandingly at the monster’s gesticulating, all green scales and pointed claws.
“Sure sounds like it. You know you can call anytime, right? I know we’re not, like, close, but I just got Kaia back from another dimension so if anybody can understand...”
When he wakes, he asks his seatmate, an elderly man, if he can borrow his phone. The man shrugs, and passes it over.
He’s been in this situation before. Except he’s fairly certain that this time, the person in front of him is not a mercenary reaper out for his blood.
“Have you had pho?” Cas asks, scrolling through his phone as Dean weaves through Chicago traffic for the second time in as many days.
Another set of drinks later, Dean’s shoulder is brushing against Cas’ on every exhale and their knees are bumping up against each other’s under the bartop. It’s all intentional, at least from Dean’s half-drunk side.
“The affectionate touch?” Cas finishes for him. Dean could die on the spot but that would entail not getting to finish his soup. He nods. “You’re right. We are...trying something out. How do you think it’s going?”
“That ain’t a surprise.” Dean thinks of all the times Cas has pulled Sam’s ass from the fire, literally and otherwise. “It’s not like I’m the only one he—that he...” For fuck’s sake, just say it, how hard is it to say.
“It’s just the truth.” Dean says, and drains his glass. “So yeah, years of pain and grief and fear, but also some really fucking good people. And an angel. And a nephilim. See, I didn’t even need four minutes.”
When he awakens again, they’ve shifted positions. Cas’ head is on his chest, his arm slung low across Dean’s hips. There’s weak, early morning sunlight on Dean’s face, and he squints his eyes closed against it in denial. He lets himself rub at the hem of Cas’ t-shirt sleeve, skimming his warm skin.
Dean takes what could generously be construed as the scenic route home, as much as central Kansas can be scenic. The wheat fields are kind of pretty, he supposes. With the windows down, he can hear the warm June breeze swishing through them. There’s no good reason for it, but this is the least lonely he’s felt in weeks. Maybe after all these years and too many tragedies, he’s finally lost the plot. He’s earned the right. But for a second, it’s like—it’s almost like he’s got someone in the passenger seat beside him.
Outside Cleveland, Sam tells Dean to take an exit north toward the lake, for something about a bookshop he wants to check out. Dean doesn’t question it, but when they pull into a parking lot at Edgewater Park, Sam is out the door fast. He opens and shuts the trunk, then taps on Dean’s window with a bag thrown over his shoulder. Dean jabs at the automatic window button, looking momentarily aggrieved at the shoddy workmanship.
"You have contributed much to the preservation and betterment of humanity. It's understandable that you would like recognition."
Some teenager in Serbia is killing Dean at online chess when Cas bursts into the study, looking frantic.
He backs away from the table, putting his hands on his knees and just breathing for a minute to keep it together. So, he’s seeing things now. And teleporting, apparently. Okay. Weirder shit has happened, right? He shambles back toward the ride’s exit, looking for Eileen.
“Thank you, Dean. I am very glad to be back,” Cas answers honestly. “It’s quite a surprise. I really thought this time would be permanent.”
Dean pulls off, licking a stripe up the side of his dick as he kneads his hands into Cas’ thighs. “Flatterer.”
“Actually, the stabbing did have something to do with it. Your willingness to fight, even with the odds stacked so highly against you. You didn’t know what I was, and I could have killed you in the blink of an eye, and yet, you tried. I find that same reckless determination within myself.”
“Oh, I know. I want to learn to surf,” Dean says, impressed with himself for picking the least problematic option.
“In no way do I intend to insult your powers of obfuscation, but sometimes, your ears take on the barest hint of color when you’re flustered,” Cas helpfully points out.
“Just fine. Passing through Worchester now. And for you? And Dean?” His voice does something transparent on Dean’s name that he did not authorize.
Cas catches his breath as they make their way back to the kitchen side by side. Dean gets two glasses down from the cupboard and the whiskey bottle from its perch above the microwave before shaking his head and picking up the kettle instead. He throws Cas a look when his eyes land on the conspicuous lack of dishes in the sink.
“Mm. Nearly.” Cas pulls the tabletop menu toward him, peering at the cocktail options. “I think a sazerac would help.”
He does what Cas asks, and Cas scrabbles at the door handle just in time to retch into the tall weeds at the edge of the pavement. He crouches down, one hand going to the dirt to steady himself as the wave of nausea passes.
Sex is better in the summer. The heat from working in the garden all day seeps into their skin and follows them home. They fuck each other into Dean’s mattress every other night, and Dean gets the best sleep of his life.
Cas shifts up to the head over the bed, pulling the blankets back and sliding underneath. He pats the other side, and Dean goes willingly, settling beside him as far apart as a full-size bed will allow two grown men to be.
“A lobsterman’s gear. What do you think?” Cas replies, playing it straight and enjoying the way Dean’s throat bobs and his tight little nod as he wars with himself between politeness and honesty. “I actually kind of like the boots, but they’re a little big.”
is better. Like this, he doesn’t have to pick between kissing and fucking, instead he can take Cas’ cock as deep as it can get and still kiss a meandering path down his neck and back to his willing mouth.
“Dean. I appear to be without my powers, at the ferry station in Swan’s Island, Maine. Oh, this is Castiel. I’ll call Sam next.”
“But it’s important,” Cas insists. “It's critical you understand - I want you to know, I am trying.”
Dean considers, thinking of a lifetime of motel rooms and hearing strangers fight and fuck on the other side of the drywall.
"Dean, have you ever considered the ethical merits of veganism?" Cas asks from across the bunker’s kitchen table. He’s fiddling with the wrapper on his beer bottle, something he only does when there’s something he wants to get off his chest.
“...No. It wasn’t.” Gonna need to think on that one for at least a year. “When I said I’ve been seeing him, I meant that literally. He’s been around, a few times. Just for a second.”
“When God created Adam in the Garden, he made mistakes. I should know, I was there. A loose patella, a minor cardiac arrhythmia. Astigmatism and a slight propensity for inherited rheumatoid arthritis. You’re now afflicted with none of these.”
? Dean sent his brother jumping out of an airplane for a chance at a glimpse of Cas. No, he doesn’t mind. He scoots over and pats the empty space beside him and hopes that gets the message across.
Walking beside each other when the trail widens, Cas asks, “‘How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?’”
“Here? You want me to - here?” Dean looks over his shoulder, like anyone in here gives a damn. They’re all drinking and flirting and shooting pool and otherwise uninterested in any of Dean’s shit.
“Yeah, you can - more of that,” Dean breathes against the side of his face. The first thing he’s asked for, just for himself. Cas wants to give it to him.
“Nuh-uh. Nope. Buddy, you gotta leave room for me. I told you before - I’m too old for the floor. And you can’t sleep in a tie, that’s just science.”
“It’s immoral, the actions of this quote-unquote gardener,” Cas continues, with the embellishment of air quotes. “It violates the sacred pact between a gardener and their crop.”
"Air quality, aesthetics, I don't know. None of your business. Anyway, I was thinking I could put Gerald in the kitchen -"
Dean shows Cas to the neat row of buckets, filled to their brims with shiny berries. Cas pops a handful into his mouth.
“Eager for it, in fact. And grateful. It has solemnly promised to fast until we return at sunset to collect it.”
Cas shifts down the bed, settling between Dean’s knees. He traces the tips of his fingers over Dean’s chest, stomach, and thighs in swirling patterns that feel purposeful, like there’s language in it. Dean snags one hand and kisses those fingers.
“Last night, you said... all the way back then, in hell,” Dean begins haltingly. “Even when I was - whatever I was. Probably had horns or some shit. You loved me.”
Dean waits for the rest, but after Cas’ gaze shifts from the vague middle distance of memory to somewhere in the vicinity of Dean’s chest, he clears his throat.
Dean wonders if there were any versions of his death in Billie’s library where his heart stopped beating because Cas was too hot. Probably more than one.
Dean laughs, but it’s cut short when Cas applies pressure in the center of his palm. Dean bites off a moan.
“You keep just - like with lunch. You wouldn’t tell me when you were hungry. And back in Buffalo, when you didn’t think we should come get you because of my stupid car.” Cas feels his eyes widen. He’s heard Dean call the Impala a lot of things. ‘Stupid’ has never been one of them. “And then, cleaning up that fuckin’ crime scene downstairs. Probably remembering all the shit that went down the whole time.”
“So how’re you doing? You need anything?” Dean asks, once he’s merged into the light late-morning traffic heading out of the city.
“At the time, you were mere bones and mortifying flesh, so no,” Cas says bluntly, sweeping both hands over his (blessedly intact) shoulder blades.
“Yours were nothing unusual, for the most part. You forget, I’ve existed a long time. A very human desire for touch and affection wasn’t surprising. But that’s not all I found there.”
Dean smiles and settles back into the blanket nest they’ve made on the floor, pulling Cas in against him and kissing his temple.
“That’s beside the point though,” Cas says. “What I meant to say was that I would like to fish. With you.”
“You’ll be alright without stopping?" Cas asks. There’s no -” a shuffle on the other end of the line, a disgruntled ‘
The cooking show is surprisingly engaging, and Cas finds himself rooting for a plucky girl with braces who wears a different bedazzled headband in each of the three episodes they watch. He feels his eyelids start to droop during the Mystery Box segment, and Dean clicks the TV off. It’s been years since he’s felt such an acute need for sleep, but it feels intuitive to roll onto his left side, tucking an arm beneath his pillow. Dean mirrors him from across the space between their beds, and they fall asleep facing one another.
“So, I would save my coat. It sounds silly, perhaps. It’s just industrially fabricated polyester and plastic buttons, after all. Fully replaceable. Except it isn’t. It’s been with me each time I’ve died and come back, when I’ve been killed at the hand of one or another brother. Or when I’ve walked into lakes and - is ‘dissolved’ the right term, do you think?” Dean shudders. “Only to have a dear friend keep it with him until I was able to return. It’s a mythic object, at this point. Worthy of saving from a fire.”
“Would it make you feel better to learn that humans have been serenading their paramours for tens of thousands of years?”
They take Cas’ Continental, Jack sliding in behind the steering wheel. Dean loads their bags into the trunk as Cas lectures Jack about the importance of checking the car's numerous blind spots before changing lines. After he and Cas watch them head off, Dean takes Cas’ hand.
Cas stands too, taking his place next to Dean, towel in hand. Dean hands clean dishes to him one by one, Cas putting them away in their correct places. Not like Sam, putting all the spoons facing the wrong direction or worse, Jack, putting the plastic salad spinner in the oven and giving Dean a near-heart attack the next time he goes to pre-heat it.
For his part, Dean is more interested in the random gifts of fruit that happen every time Cas does something that makes the garden and its magical occupants happy. All Dean knows is that whenever they take a haul of produce to the food pantry or Cas sprays gross-smelling shit on the squash leaves, Dean gets to make dessert.
“Nothing’s wrong,” Dean says, petting at his face, his shoulders. “I just - I was gonna come and I don’t want to, yet.”
, or whatever. Just, I’ll get the kinks out.” Shouldn’t have said kinks. What is he even doing. Better keep talking. “Okay, so what else?” he asks. “What other - what’d you call it - sociological rituals do you want to do?”
“Maybe he—” Sam starts saying as the seat bar lifts up and the conductor tiredly tells them that he hopes they enjoyed the ride, please exit to the left.
He clears his throat and starts to pull his hand back, but Cas hangs on, thumb rubbing slowly across the thin skin on the back of his hand.
Dean probably wouldn’t appreciate an advanced explanation of the concept of love languages and how his is clearly Acts of Service. Cas feels cared for nonetheless.
“Yes. Jody took me to the free clinic in Sioux Falls when we visited last Christmas. Her very practical gift to me.”
“Yeah, that’s what we figured. Petty dick. And as for Hell - first thing we did when we got your call was summon up Rowena before we got on the road. Figured it was worth a shot. She’s always liked you.”
“I like your responsiveness. The sounds you make.” He curls his fingers for emphasis, driving half of a bitten-back moan out of Dean. “You were made to be treated this well. Nearly there. Just a few questions left. ‘What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about?’ I’ll go first. My intentions toward you. They’re very serious. Your turn.”
“I was drawn to you immediately, as you already know.” Not put that bluntly, he didn’t. Jesus. “Something in your nature seemed akin to mine. As alien as we were to one another at first, it allowed me to empathize, to take your side. And that changed everything.”
Later, Cas is antsy during movie night with Jack and Sam. Tonight’s selection is Avatar. Jack is working his way through the top-grossing movies of the last twenty years as a sort of pop culture boot camp, and it’s been a mixed bag. Lord of the Rings was awesome, of course, and Dean definitely didn’t cry a little bit in Frozen.
Sam drops to a squat in front of him, and now Dean can feel the eyes of the passing masses on him, making a scene next to a Dippin’ Dots cart, for fuck’s sake.
A minute or two later, just as Dean starts to worry that they’re getting stood up for the weirdest appointment of all time, the creature’s head appears, the tip of its tail swishing through the shallows.
Sometime in the course of the last hour, the bar has filled up. It provides Dean the perfect cover of plausible deniability to justify speaking directly against Cas’ ear.
Dean doesn’t question it, switching into the right lane and onto the ramp to the tune of honks and a couple open-window curses.
Dean wakes in the middle of the night, 3:32 AM according to the neon green alarm clock on the bedside table. The usual culprit - a lifetime of waking nightmares leads to plenty of sleeping ones.
Dean returns the favor, then finds the button of Cas’ jeans with shaking fingers. Cas’ steady hands settle over his, pulling his hand to his mouth to place an open kiss on his palm.
“To honor the fruits of each plant’s labor,” Cas says seriously. “To care for each and every plant and shelter it from harm. To be its guardian.”
Dean laughs softly. They’ve been running off of Charlie’s supply of limitless credit cards for years - all somehow paid for by what’s left of Roman Enterprises. But it makes sense, Cas keeping a tether to that Steve life, one where he could rent an apartment, hold down a job, and slowly accumulate plants and rare books until he...until he meets someone else. Someone who likes Good Credit Steve with his nice hands and warm smile. Somebody who asks him about the books and how to care for succulents and just - someone better, someone different. Shit.
"You alright?" Dean asks, trying to remember if he’s been staring any more than usual lately. Maybe he made the guy uncomfortable, fuck. It’s just, anyone would agree Cas is more than a little stare-worthy. Dean has
Cas nods. That makes sense. “It would not stand for him succeeding twice. Call it professional pride.”
There’s an off-ramp coming up, just before the bridge that crosses the Mississippi River into Iowa. Dean takes it, heart pounding. He makes a couple more random turns before stopping on a dead end street facing a row of beaten-up fishing docks. He shifts the car into park and stares straight ahead, leaving his hands on the steering wheel.
“So you said you’d tell me in the morning,” Dean says after his third cup of coffee and two-thirds through the house special, a nutella Belgian waffle topped with strawberries and a delightfully obscene amount of whipped cream. Sam would have had a stroke on principle.
“Come on, you’ve watched mountains rise from the sea - those were your words. A greasy joint like this, some burnt coffee, and the pleasure of my company can’t possibly -”
“I want...” Cas says, trailing off. They’re the first words he’s uttered in a while that aren’t just repetitions of Dean’s name.
“We’re perfectly safe here,” Cas says, sliding an arm around his shoulders. “Whatever entity watches over this property, we’re welcome to shelter here for the night.”
“I don’t know, I really wanna -” Cas removes his hands entirely, and Dean groans, far too few brain cells left to be embarrassed by it. “Fine, fine. I won’t come. You’re the
Cas lets himself drop to a sprawled sit on the asphalt, and Dean goes with him. Cas turns his face into Dean’s shoulder, Dean’s arm wrapping around him as he gently shushes against his temple.
“So are we throwing a wedding?” Sam asks. “The guest list might be small, and more than a little unconventional. I assume you don’t want to invite the surviving Campbells, but we could call Jody and Donna. Put something together for you guys.”
They take a longer route back up the dunes, Cas walking in front and offering Dean an unnecessary but appreciated hand up on the steeper bits. If their hands stay linked a second or two longer than necessary for Dean to regain his footing, no one is the wiser.
"Oookay." Dean turns to look for Cas' bag, pawing through until he finds a shirt, some sweatpants, and simple, black underwear he's really gonna try not to think about.
Cas doesn’t answer. He stares instead. Dean tries to keep his eyes on the road even as the weight of Cas’ eyes on him makes his dick get dumb ideas. When Dean doesn’t press the issue, Cas lets out a quiet, dissatisfied sigh.
Cas assesses himself. Nothing pressing, but human bodies have requirements that will soon be making themselves known.
Except, as soon as he does, he hears Dean in his head, feels his shaking hand in his on the side of the road.
“I’ve tried to do better with Jack. To express my fondness for him, my enjoyment of his company, my interest in the things that interest him. For example, did you know he has recently taken up frisbee golfing? There is a course in Smith Center that we visit together occasionally. I’ll admit that my skills with blades don’t naturally transfer to a plastic disc.”
Dean puts a hand to the back of Cas’ neck and pulls him in for a kiss. He isn’t gentle about it, not when he’s got Cas’ hair between his fingers and his blood is humming with an equal mix of anger and desperation. This better get the goddamn point across.
Dean ruminates on that for a minute. It’s quiet out here. There’s the usual buzz of bugs and chirping birds, and it’s surreal not to be hunting. He’s got a thrumming under his skin that’s equal parts having Cas next to him and the bone-deep hypervigilance that comes from being in the woods without something to kill.
Dean gets one hand back on his cock, jerking it as slow as he can stand to make this whole desperate thing last a little longer. But Cas fucks that plan right to hell when he gets his hands under Dean’s hips and none-too-gently hauls him down onto the floor. Cas puts a hand in the center of Dean’s chest, pushing him back until Dean’s sprawled out on the carpet. Cas straddles his chest then, and Dean automatically opens his mouth for Cas to feed his dick into.
“There’s what sounds like a poltergeist in Santa Maria, so we can hit this charming cliffside cafe in Pismo Beach after. The tempeh tacos are supposed to be otherworldly, Dean. Then it’s on to a possible vampire nest in Salinas, with pho in San Jose for a reward, then...”
“Whatever is going to happen next is not going to take place at an establishment that charges by the hour,” Cas says when Dean balks at the $100 price tag on the sign out front. Dean can’t argue with that. He throws both of their duffels over his shoulder and follows Cas inside.
“Something funny?” Cas asks, and with the way Dean is hard beneath him as reassurance, he doesn’t think he’s made any tactical missteps (yet). Dean had especially seemed to enjoy when he’d tugged his head to the side by his hair in order to get at his neck.
Cas kneads at the tense muscles of Dean’s calves, and at Dean’s barely bitten-back moan, he takes one of his feet into his lap and presses firmly against the instep. Dean arcs off the bed.
Cas is trying to kiss his slack mouth as Dean runs his fingertips down the knobs of Cas’ spine, imagining angel wings. Then, Cas’ warm palm is around both their cocks, wet and slick and where did he get
Cas sighs, leaning forward in his chair. “I jogged my typical circuit this morning, which as you’re aware, takes me past the garden, and I noticed something odd. It appears that it is in need of another nocturnal harvest already.”
Cas’ hands go for his hair, and that’s good, that’s perfect. Dean groans as he takes Cas’ cock across his tongue, against the back of his throat before bobbing up slow.
“Wait a second,” Dean says, before taking off at a run toward the shed with Cas following close behind. They heave open the rusty doors together.
“Believe me, I tried. Repairs to your intervertebral discs, correction of barely-perceptible scoliosis...unfortunately, the human spinal column is prone to injury from repetitive use and improper posture. You’ve spent more than your fair share of time behind the wheel of a car since I pulled you out of hell, and as beautiful as the Impala is, she wasn’t built with ideal ergonomics in mind. Not to mention, all of the beatings you’ve taken over the years.”
“For the record,” Cas continues, “I’ve wanted to kiss you since at least 2009. That’s probably something important for you to know. For context.”
Dean grinds against him, Cas' dick hard in his jeans, to prove a point. “As if you’re so unaffected.”
"There are some informative articles I can send you, if you’re interested. All from reputable journals of course, and I can share my personal perspective as well. Over the course of the last several millennia, I’ve observed the dietary habits of innumerable human civilizations, and -"
“Should’ve shown you all this on your first go round as a human,” Dean says, demonstrating how to engage in a high stakes hostage negotiation with the bunker’s old-fashioned washing machine and avoid a repeat pinkening of all of his undershirts.
“Jack brought him back, in a limited capacity. He’s part of Rowena’s administration in hell, specifically assigned to hell’s new rehabilitative function.”
"Goddammit. Okay? Alright?" Dean says by way of explanation, from inches away. He drops his hands, breathing hard.
Night falls eventually, and Farhiya drifts to sleep, her head pillowed on Cas’ shoulder. The bus is quiet, the silence occasionally broken by the sound of a child’s voice and a mother’s shushing, the subdued conversation between pairs of passengers.
