“I know.”
Dean shifts back, sticks his thumbs into his pockets. “Dude, okay, seriously,” he says, “what gives?”
“Listen,” Dean says, hovering near the doorway, picking at a splinter on the frame. “I’m sorry. You know I’m not trying to be an asshole, right?”
He smiles as he hits send, pocketing his phone as he gets out of bed.
so good call on that one.”
and it’d look just like the seedy places you can find on the edge of town, the type he’s desensitized to after spending so much of his life living out of them.
As Victor scribbles some notes, Dean looks over at him with one eyebrow raised. “Thought you never played D&D before?”
“Oh,” Dean says. “What?”
“Right,” Cas says. “It’s only practical.” He shoves another fry in his mouth.
“I’m not going to fall apart so easily, Dean.”
but he can’t do it, he can’t summon the strength. He turns on his heel and he leaves without saying a word.
Dean wanders the aisles at the used book store, basket hanging off one of his arms.
Something in Dean’s stomach twists, but he keeps a smile plastered on his face as he says, “Well, we just saw a movie, and now we’re having drinks.”
As Cas lifts himself back up, sets up a steady rhythm, Dean brushes his hair back from his sweaty forehead, takes another good, long look at him.
He looks on every level of the fridge, behind every piece of tupperware, in every produce drawer.
Cas responds.
Castiel looks up as he approaches. “Dean?” he says, brow furrowed.
“I fought it,” Cas says, pressing a kiss to a spot between Dean’s neck and shoulder, at the point where his own tan lines are sure to be forming. “I didn’t want to rest. I wanted to live.”
“Oh,” Krissy says. “My mistake.”
“Yeah. I was thinking about how we should do what we want while we still have the chance. How we shouldn’t wait if we don’t have to.”
“Hell yes we did,” Alicia says.
Dean chuckles softly. “Clearly this one is superior.” His smile fades as he watches Cas take a long drink, and he threatens, “If you’re really gonna down that whole thing right now, you better take a piss before we get back on the road.”
“You’re being ridiculous,” Dean mutters to himself. He sticks his key in the lock and walks inside.
“What happened?”
“They’re spirits,” Cas says. “Specifically, of people who died in childbirth. It fits.”
Dean sits next to his mom in the library afterwards, nursing a beer. He says, “Hey, if you wanna stick around for a couple days, we could have that dinner I was talking about.”
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean says. “That’s always your excuse.”
“Maybe that’s exactly it,” Cas says. “Maybe they look just like people.”
Dean shrugs. “Same old, I guess.”
but Dean will take what he can get. He absorbs Sam and Cas’ compliments like it’s anything even close to enough human interaction, like it’s the same as someone thanking him for saving them from the clutches of a ghost or ghoul or vamp. They’re not saving any lives, but a few more hours are spoken for, which is something.
“I’ve heard of her,” Cas says. “Anyway--” he gestures with his fork-- “continue.”
He thumbs at the edge of it as he finally checks his phone. He has dozens of messages from Sam, an explanation in staccato bursts: their failed plans, their friends turned to ash. The empty roads, the abandoned towns. A world with no monsters, no heroes, no people left to save. All of it gone.
Dean doesn’t have to wait long for his answer. Behind him, the passenger door creaks open, and Cas steps out, looking more than a little bewildered.
He stands on the stoop, bouncing his keys in his hands, mouth dry.
“I hadn’t figured it out yet,” he says, starting in on another potato, keeping his hands moving, giving himself something to look at. “When we’re out there, always on a hunt, always looking for the next case? I know who I am then. But this version of me, without the job? I don’t know who that guy is. And I guess it freaked me out, realizing that, so I panicked, looking for something else that felt like it mattered that much. So, I mean, I guess on some level I knew. And I was just trying to convince myself it didn’t matter, because, I dunno. Maybe I felt like I couldn’t let it mean anything because it would just become another thing it would hurt to lose. But it then it really fucking hurt to lose it anyway, so, well. Guess we can both do the math on that one. Anyway. I guess I figured that if nothing else, at least it would only mean something to me. At least I was only risking my own feelings, you know?”
“You could come with me on a run.”
Their excitement carries Dean through unpacking his bag, showering, rummaging through the cabinets to put together a meal. He thinks back on the breakfast he’d shared with Cas, sighs to himself as he starts gathering ingredients to make his own hash like he’d seen on the menu, complete with eggs and grilled tomatoes on the side.
Dean sends, and pulls himself up off the floor.
“Christ,” Dean says. “You’d think we’d have figured this shit out by now.”
For a few minutes he thinks maybe the cut isn’t too bad, but then things change. The pain builds until it’s radiating up his arm, hand feeling like it’s on fire. It hurts so bad he’s dizzy, and he presses his cut palm between his other hand and his thigh, gritting his teeth, forcing himself to take deep breaths through his nose.
“And what about you?” Castiel asks.
“Thank God for twenty-four hour restaurants,” Dean says as they pull into the Burger King parking lot.
Gently, Dean reaches up to brush the backs of his fingers against the side of Cas’ cheek, watches as he goes completely still, focuses entirely on Dean, holding his breath.
They find Rowena on the beach, lounging under an umbrella with a drink in hand. She sighs as they plunk down on either side of her in the sand, peers at them over the top of her oversized sunglasses.
Cas nods and picks up the pace. Dean lets go of the back of the couch and moves to brace himself against Cas instead, forearms on his shoulders and hands tangled in his hair.
“Mmm,” Hannah says. “You do this--” they gesture to their own face-- “thing.”
Dean wakes the next morning to find that Cas has dozed off half sitting up on the other bed, still on top of the covers, head lolling to the side. He stands there longer than he means to before he finally huffs a laugh at himself and heads to the bathroom to get ready for another day of working the case.
As soon as he’s gone, Cas gets up and calmly scrapes their half-finished breakfast into the trash.
There is, of course, nothing he can do about it. For the first time in his life, he can’t go off on a hunt to blow off steam or feel like he got a win or distract himself from his thoughts. There’s nothing to do but stare his despair right in the face.
“Dean?” the person pinning him says, their voice familiar.
Dean stops with the shirt pulled halfway up Cas’ chest, frowning down at him. “Am I hurting you?” he asks quietly.
“Nah,” Dean says, and leaves it at that. “Anyway, kids don’t really come around apartments. But I’ve always really wanted a house so I could be one of the cool people, y’know? One of the ones who gives out full size candy bars. That’s not quite in the cards right now, though.”
“For what?”
Sam says.
Dean leans on the table, taps his fingers on the surface. “You think we can do it?” he asks. “Build off their system without, you know. Taking after those assholes?”
“You’re missing out,” Max says.
“But you’re never hard to love.” Cas takes a deep breath and says, “You want to hear my shitty thoughts? The things I don’t want to admit?” He glances up at Dean just long enough to see him nod. “When I realized how long the pandemic was going to drag on, I was grateful. Of course I don’t want people to die. Of course I wish we could save them. But it seemed like a blessing in disguise. With the last of my power gone...it’s been nice, having this time to adjust. To not have to do anything other than eat and sleep and read and tend to my plants. To have things be easy for a change. But when things are back to normal and I have to hunt? To fight? When you or Sam get hurt and I can’t heal you?” He shakes his head. “I don’t know how I’m going to handle being human then. Historically, it hasn’t gone well. And this time, it’s permanent. You don’t know who you are when you’re not a hunter? Well, I don’t know who I am when I’m not an angel.” He pauses, sighs. “I think you already know I can be hard to be around, too. And it could very well get harder. Are you going to be okay with that?”
“Hey, fuck you,” Dean said without heat, laughing, and then, “You wanna get out of here?”
Dean squeezes his eyes shut as Cas leans forward, as he presses a kiss to the corner of his mouth—so easily, so gently that it makes Dean’s breath catch in his throat.
also I MISS YOU and we’re totally gonna hang out once i’m a free elf. speaking of which have i told you this kickass idea i have for a new d&d campaign??? it came to me in a dream, i shit you not. and spoilers: it’s amazing.
Dean kisses him again before he steps away, grinning as he grabs a couple beers from the fridge. Cas watches him as he pulls the plates from the cabinet. “How did we get here?”
And he is definitely ex-angel now. Between trips downstairs for more water, as he’s gently poking at the plants, Dean really looks at him, here in the unfiltered light. There are a million little giveaways, things that would be unremarkable for anyone else but are extraordinary for Cas: his skin growing ever more tanned in spite of the sunscreen, the holes in the knees of his jeans, the muscles in his arms straining as he lifts a heavy pot, the sweat sticking his shirt to his chest, his hair hanging down over his forehead, getting into his eyes. Cas breathes and eats, he gets dirty and has to shower and do laundry just like so many billions of others. Dean has woken up next to him enough times now, watched him yawn over enough cups of coffee. He knows what it means.
“Huh,” Dean says. “What’s it like for angels?”
“Yes, because that went so well last time,” Cas says, rolling his eyes. “Have you already forgotten what happened with Ishim--”
Dean smiles at the sight. He opens his phone and texts Cas,
“Or do you move it from motel room to motel room or what?” Alicia adds.
“Yeah?” Dean says. “Charlie. What’re you up to?”
Dean gets it, all of a sudden. Tries to replay the last few months, mind racing, retracing the lines with something bolder. Cas isn’t angry. He’s fucking heartbroken.
“I’m not going to fuck you just because you build me a greenhouse,” Cas says. From anyone else it would sound angry and bitter, but Cas just sounds tired.
“I left them in Washington,” Cas says, murmuring it into the dark. “By a lake a few hours out of Seattle.”
He distantly registers the door opening, a cold blast of air rushing into the apartment before it clicks closed. The rapid footfalls against the carpet seem to be thumping in time with his heartbeat.
Cas smiles back at him. He says, “Me, too.”
“Wouldn’t have offered if I wasn’t,” Dean says.
For a moment, Dean freezes. He realizes, suddenly, how stupid he’s been. Of course it’s obvious -- here they are, living together in this one room apartment, and the way Cas had talked about him when Sam asked how they met--
“Oh,” Dean says. “Yeah. Of course.”
Dean thinks of all the other angels he’s met, chuckling to himself. “Well, maybe not quite like you, but yeah, they’re all over the country.” He tilts his head toward the door. “One works at the gas station down the street, actually.”
“I’m not asking you to.”
“Hey,” Dean says, not moving from the hallway.
Cas grabs the food for them when their number is called, sets it down at their table and digs in.
Cas will say, not even bothering to look up from the game he’s playing on his phone as the other person Googles it to fact check him.
Cas frowns but doesn’t comment when Dean orders three appetizers. He rolls his eyes when Dean insists he has to try both the burger and the fried chicken the diner is allegedly famous for. Once their waiter is out of earshot, Cas looks around the dingy interior, surveys the limited clientele, glances outside as if looking back on all the miles between this podunk town and actual civilization, and declares that he’d like to see the research supporting their claims about having the best food in the state.
They sit around a table at Hot Rods 50’s Diner after, and Sam’s eyes light up when Max and Alicia ask them how their new system works.
Krissy leans on one leg, crosses her arms. “That a problem?”
“Sure thing,” Dean says. He pats his hand against the door, opens his mouth to say
It’s not like it’s rocket science, not that Dean needs a whole lot of direction, but Cas seems surprised each time he asks a question, seems a little distracted, like maybe his mind is elsewhere. Dean doesn’t suppose he can blame him; God knows his mind has been elsewhere a whole lot of the time these past months. He figures maybe the polite thing to do would be to leave him to work out whatever it is he’s thinking through, so he finishes up the tasks Cas gave him, he wipes his hands on his jeans and he says, “Hey, I’m gonna head inside, get started on some lunch. See ya down there?”
For a moment, he swears he can feel sunlight on the back of his head, soft sheets against his skin, Dean’s face pressed against his own. He forces himself to turn his head, to look at the filthy bed, the blood on the sheets and the floor and the walls, the dust floating in the air, and he tries to forget what it feels like to wake up warm and safe and at home. He chokes out a sound somewhere between a sigh and a sob.
“Well that worked out great, huh?” Dean says, without heat, nudging Cas with his elbow. Cas huffs an acknowledgment, almost smiles as he looks down at his hands.
Cas smiles, nods. “As long as he keeps his grades up, he knows he can do whatever he wants in his spare time. Up to and including making bad decisions that may turn out to be huge mistakes. He’s on a journey of self discovery, and he’s excited to see where Oz takes him.”
“Some of the customers who can see Hannah’s wings seem more than happy to ask all manner of rude questions,” Cas says, a bitter edge to his voice.
“The stuff that comes after the books,” Max says.
Max scoffs in disbelief. “How do you lose something like that?”
Cas smiles at him softly. “Yes.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, looking away, down at his plate. “No problem.”
“All right, all right, no need for the puppy-dog eyes.” Sam settles in at the table as Dean pulls the eggs back out of the fridge, offering only a grunted
“Yeah, that’s the thing, though. Sometimes, you did pick up.”
Cas immediately tenses, and Dean knows it’s too late—Sam sees the way the Dean reacts to the movement, the way his eyes are reflexively drawn to it. He tries to be casual, hoping to play it off, stepping down into the kitchen in the hopes of making it to the table and clearing a path for Cas to escape. Instead, Cas turns with his cup in hand at the same time Dean starts moving, setting them on a collision course. They wind up brushing past one another, Cas completely ignoring Dean’s aborted attempt at a
Dean obliges, waits until Cas says, “Okay,” before opening them again.
He’s picking up all of Dean’s bad habits, all his bad taste. When they’re on the road and stop for gas, Cas grabs Corn Nuts and Snickers and Mtn Dew Code Red and Dean stares daggers at Sam, willing him not to say anything as he stands there with his sad overripe banana and bruised apple, looking like a disappointed parent. When they’re at home, Cas turns up his nose at salads, at vegetarian literally anything, at smoothies. He wants Dean to make him burgers and tater tots, the boxed mac and cheese that comes out an unnatural shade of yellow, he wants frito pie and grilled cheese sandwiches and Totino’s® Pizza Rolls® and Dean isn’t going to tell him no.
He stops in his room just long enough to change into his around-the-house clothes, but as he slips out of his flannel, something on his shelf catches his eye and everything clicks into place.
It’s strange, how normal it feels, standing next to him, giving instructions until they wind up working together in silence, Cas frowning down at the dough as he kneads it while Dean peels potatoes nearby, trying not to smirk at his frustration.
Dean walks quietly to his bedroom, slips inside and closes the door softly behind himself.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says quietly.
Dean can’t quite remember the last time he woke up without the looming feeling that the world was about to end.
“‘I would be the last to deny,’” said Beatrice, reading her own work out loud, “‘that the forces of Tralfamadore have had something to do with the affairs of Earth. However, those persons who have served the interests of Tralfamadore have served them in such highly personalized ways that Tralfamadore can be said to have had practically nothing to do with the case.’”
“So, uh,” Dean says when they show up to their next D&D session. He gestures at Cas, then to himself. “We’re together now.”
“Well, maybe you should figure that out.” He pockets his phone and starts to get up.
“Yeah.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says, smile fading. “I knew things were going to be awkward whether I told you or not. I thought I was choosing the better of the two options.”
“I...” Cas starts, looking down and away, squinting into the darkness. He sighs. “I was scared. That with true free will, Dean would decide what he wanted, and…”
They’re half an hour into
Sam stops mid-chew to give them a quizzical look. “No,” he says, “it’s set up in the bunker. I thought I explained…?”
Mary introduces herself while Dean pulls out his phone. He lucks out with a Yelp search -- the Tomahawk Room in Chippewa Falls is basically the only place still open at this hour, but it’s just fifteen minutes away and has a 4.5 star rating. Dean looks at it, excited, and then looks at Krissy and says, “Wait, you’re not-- wait. You
“Fair,” Dean says.
Dean takes a shaky breath. He nods and pulls Cas closer, presses a kiss to the corner of his mouth.
They’re home just for a night—tomorrow they’ll need to be back on the road, chasing down another lead. He’ll barely have time to rest, let alone think. He tells himself it’ll have to wait.
“Sorry it’s just the local channels,” Dean says, by way of greeting. “Cable is a ripoff. What’ve you found to watch?”
“You okay?” Dean asks as they get in, and gets only a muttered “I’m fine” in response.
They were standing at the sink, his father was standing ominously over his mother, who was staring at her hand, which his father was gripping between them by the wrist. They both looked over at Castiel when he entered, his mother looking scared, his father looking angry. “Dinner is served.” Castiel said.
“Ooooh, that hurt. What else could I call you then?” Azazel waited for an answer, chin resting in his hand. But Dean just grabbed his backpack and started rustling through it for a piece of stolen gum.
The bruises on his face were very new and very old, all from different fists and boots and slabs of cement. If you had pointed to a spot on Castiel’s face and asked where it came from, he wouldn’t have been able to tell you.
Castiel shook his head with wide eyes and forced words out of his mouth. "No- no I wasn't happy I swear! I wasn't looking!"
he opened the door slowly, and just barely shut it. He was trying not to wake up his mom, who was probably sleeping off a hangover in her room. His dad was at work, far away from home. Far away from their problems.
He kicked a pebble off the sidewalk as he started making his way downtown.
“Always ruining things,” He muttered with a throat blocked in anger, “Can’t they leave me alone?” His voice swelled in anger, making the words almost painful to get out.
He felt that same rough hand that had previously been on his neck clamp down on his leg, and he kicked out wildly, hitting something that might have been Alistar’s head. The bully behind him grunted and pulled again, with both hands on Castiel’s leg, and he slid backward with a sickening scraping sound. His wet hair flopped in his head as he was pulled backwards, and his hands scrabbled on the ground like rats, making them raw and cracking a few of his fingernails. Alistar’s hands reached up suddenly to his knees. “C’mere you.” Huffed an amused voice behind him. “We’re not done that quickly. Dean and Az might not have enough stomach to teach you your lesson, but don’t think for one second I’ll just let you go like yesterday.” Castiel grunted as he struggled in vain to get away, heart thumping madly. “Oh, you thought you escaped all on your own?” Sneered Alistar. “No, you went because I let you. I say what goes around here.” He hauled Castiel to him with one big pull, and smacked him across the face. “And don’t you forget it.”
Well, there was the fact that he wasn’t being oppressed and pushed around (punched around) by his father anymore. He couldn’t really go to school, what would be the point? He couldn’t do much homework, he didn’t have anywhere to go afterwards, and the idea of just going to be somewhere warm and sheltered was ridiculous. Warm and sheltered and riddled with people who hated him.
Castiel almost skipped out of the hospital, rubbing him casteless and now whole arm with one hand, marveling at the smoothness. It felt weird after weeks and weeks of being stuck inside of that sweaty stiff prison, but he was enjoying the sensation. His mother walked alongside him, not nearly as overjoyed as Castiel. She had a scowl on her face, and even though Castiel knew it was because she didn’t like to see anyone happy, especially him, he couldn’t hold back the smile growing on his face. It felt strange.
________________
“Things are fine.” Castiel lied. The doctor believed him.
“Stop that. Freak.” She muttered, and he made an effort to unclasp his right hand from his left arm and pulled down his jacket sleeve. Getting the cast off was like getting a puppy, and he couldn’t stop being happy and excited, and even though his mother was glaring at him he couldn’t stop smiling slightly. And when he tried to force it down, the smile grew.
“Yeah, I’m up. How long have you been awake?” Sam always woke up earlier than Dean, to go online or read or whatever the heck his nerdy little brother did in his spare time.
Castiel shrugged. A movie might be nice. It might make the boy leave him alone.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas waited, looking around the room that smelled of new-ness and disinfectant. He swung his legs. He didn’t mind waiting that much, he liked being alone.
The ride home never seemed to get started. He left and was home, with nothing in between, which bugged him. He just wanted some alone time, damnit! Why did baby have to take him everywhere so damn fast?
His mother looked hurt, but the expression disappeared almost as soon as it had come. She walked to the fridge and grabbed a beer out of it, twisting the top off as she said “Fine. You can keep getting hurt, you can whine and mope. But do it away from me. I tried to help you, and you better remember that.” She stomped out of the kitchen.
They got home, and Castiel hurried out of the cold into the house. His ribs had kicked back up again, but it wasn’t as bad as his arm had been. He just wanted to get in bed and sleep. It was almost one in the morning, as the doctors and nurses had to keep them at the hospital a longer time than expected.
After an eternity of aching knees and awkward shuffling, Castiel reached the door, the front one. He was about to turn the handle when his father yelled loudly, “What the FUCK do you think you’re doing, idiot? I don’t want the fucking neighbors seeing my freak son crawling out looking like this! Use the fucking backdoor!”
Of course! Here it was, the catch. The reason Jo sat with him at lunch. What was she, reporting back to Dean when he got home like some sort of spy? This was absurd. He turned to stare at her angrily. “Is this why you’ve been sitting here then? Because Dean told you to? You’ve been scoping out the place and decided that maybe the loser rich kid needed a few more reasons to hate life? Are you setting me up? Am I going to walk out that door and get ambushed by those dicks?” He didn’t want an answer though. He stood and grabbed his things, again, almost crying out as he unbent. Bruises were horrible.
“Well I figured he would just make more.” He said lightly, not really sure what it would accomplish.
He was very lucky to live only a few blocks from the local library, and was in there more than he should be. He had become a regular, and almost every librarian knew his name. He knew many of their names too, and had even been to some of their houses. But he hadn’t done that in a long time.
“I’m going to come back tomorrow. And the next day after that, and the next. And if you move to the cafeteria I’m going to go bug you there too. Don’t ask me why, I’m not sure myself! But you better just get it over with and let me sit with you, because I’m not going away anytime soon.”
Feeling: Excited, scared and angry
“Shit.” He whispered.
“And if his dad doesn’t-”
“It’s jammed, and I can’t get it open. But I heard you’re good at getting them open, so I’m just asking for help. Just for a few minutes.” She assured him.
“Well you’re not! You’re not helping me, and you won’t if you tried, so please just leave me alone!” He raised his voice a little more, but couldn’t quite muster up the courage to yell at his mom.
Silence.
He heard the deep rumble of the engine before he saw the deep black impala roaring towards him. Far enough away that he couldn’t see who was behind the steering wheel, (though he already knew) he watched it approach with dread. He quickly turned into the first street he came across, hoping Winchester hadn’t seen him, though he knew he stuck out like a sore thumb in the prissy neighborhood he was traveling through. Surprisingly, the sounds of the engine roared past Castiel, not slowing down. If anything, it sped up. Sighing with relief, Castiel turned around and headed back up the sidewalk the way he came, not wanting anyone to call the police on his because he looked like a hit-and-run victim.
Fully contemplating his chances if he just didn’t walk into the house, and slept in the bushes, he slowly edged the door open. Trying not to make noise, he crept inside.
As Castiel left the house he heard his father yell faintly, “Honey! When’s dinner?”
Dean sort of smiled, a little tilt of his lips that could have been a sneer or a frown or a grin. His eyes were zoomed in on Castiel’s cheek, right where a large bruise blossomed on his pale face. Then he turned and walked back to the car, where his friends were talking boisterously and looking at Castiel eagerly through the back window.
He walked with a limp, more to keep his ribs happy than for any leg problems. The bruises would probably be black tomorrow, and sore as hell. Maybe he might even have a fractured rib, if he was lucky. They hurt enough to be fractured.
“I’m okay.” He croaked, already pushing his aching body up. Jo tried to stop him but he glared at her fiercely and she backed off. “I’m going h-home. Thank you for everything Jo, but there’s not much you can do. This will happen again, maybe not in the swimming pool, but you can’t stop them or longer than a couple weeks when it comes to...things like this.” He said, limping to the door. Jo followed him, shoving his backpack into his hands. She stopped him with a firm hand on his shoulder, turning him gently.
In his room he threw on some clothes, a dark tee shirt and jeans for cleaning up the beer spilled on the outside of the house. He would change into something better when he came inside.
Inside, he put the bucket back under the sink after rinsing it with one hand (so he wouldn’t get his cast wet) and he threw the now dirty and alcohol-smelling rag down the stairs at the back of the kitchen into the basement where the laundry room was. He would wash a load later, after he got his cast off so he would be able to handle the wet clothes without covering the black plaster.
Jo rolled her eyes. He could see them go completely white out of the corner of his eye. She was very dedicated to eye rolling. She might have practiced it in a mirror at one point. “You’re a dumb drama queen.” She obviously didn’t believe he didn’t know what happened to ol blue eyes. Harsher than usual, her words were meant to cut.
___________
He pulled himself up for the walk down the stairs, gritting his teeth. He figured that stumbling down a few steps would better than knocking himself unconscious from a tumble down a flight. He didn’t think he was necessarily lucky enough to be killed by the fall, if it happened.
“My grades are exceptional. My friends are- they’re-uhm, good.” He cursed himself mentally for his slip up. Zacharia sneered.
“No seriously, why not?” She asked, her curiosity grabbing a sharper edge. “What do you think I’m going to do? Hurt you? I just met you!” She said. “Actually, I haven’t even met you. My name’s Jo, what’s yours?”
“You watch your mouth boy.” She growled, even though he had technically been talking about his father, not her.
He looked back up at her and nodded his head once. Jo smiled in relief, and the bell rang in the background. He walked out of the library, leaving Joe behind him. “See you.” He said over his shoulder, before thinking she might not want to sit with him and adding “Or whatever.” She replied but he didn’t make it out.
Dean picked at his lunch, a tupperware half full of last night’s macaroni and cheese, something he hoped his dad didn’t want to eat because he had dished out the last of it to Sam and him for that day’s lunch. He knew Sam didn’t like macaroni that much, but they didn’t have many other options.
He was about to go to sleep before he remembered his journal, and hauled himself up to write in it. He grabbed it from his bedside table and unlocked it, wrote the date on the top.
A fist slammed into his shoulder, bringing him solidly back to earth. “Watch it Al.” He grumbled, and he sensed Alistar snickering at the grumpy expression he had plastered across his face.
Dean could barely believe himself when he got home that night.
It’s been 5 weeks since he broke his arm.
Even though it was only about room temperature outside, Sweat gathered on Castiel’s brow, turning cool as he worked and sliding down his face. He wiped at it impatiently with his arm, annoyed because he hated sweating and tried to avoid it where he could.
So Dean yelled back, “Yeah? What ya’ want, princess?” Biting his tongue in trepidation. Jo didn’t sound very… happy. He could almost hear Sam shudder across the hall at his ‘disregard for the rules of grammar’.
_____________
“Yes. Sir.” He looked back down at his soup. His interest in it had evaporated.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, real whippersnapper. I have no idea how you come up with those retorts!” Alistair sneered. “You know, I was really looking forward to our appointment yesterday, I think you should’ve at least called to cancel.” Alistair looked hungry, like a mad dog. He always was a creepy kid, in Castiel’s eyes. “I guess we’ll just have to have a makeup session.”
The t shirt he was wearing did nothing to conceal the necklace of dark purple that wreathed his throat. Little fingernail marks were stamped at intervals around the sides, and Castiel winced when he swallowed, feeling how sore his throat still was. THe bruises were so prominent, he was surprised the boy who had shoved him hadn’t commented on them.
Cas just lies there. Ragged, silently.
As he stood, the uneasy calm he had been feeling in his forehead disappeared and returned with a wave of pain that slammed into his brain like a poisoned arrow. Castiel slapped a hand unhelpfully to his forehead to steady it and clenched his eyes shut, dizzy and nauseous from pain. If he had any luck, it wouldn’t turn into a migraine while he got dressed. Though he rarely had luck.
“I want to know what’s happening. I know you think I don’t care, and I don’t honestly know if I do. But I want to know at least.” She set her face. There was no getting out of this.
But his extra effort was for nothing. He walked through the school nervous, but assailed as he made his way to the door. He was almost to the sidewalk before they attacked.
Alistair smiled sickly at Castiel through his eyelashes, and Castiel was disgusted as he felt the stronger boy’s breath waft softly across his face. He couldn’t focus on anything Alistair was saying, and he knew that wasn’t a big deal because it was probably just insults and pervy-sounding things spewing out of his mouth. All he could do semi-successfully was tilt his head as far away as possible, while still trying to hide his neck. But he wasn’t doing it quite inconspicuously enough, because Alistair’s face was suddenly closer than before.
Tan trench coat wrapped over the corpse.
When Castiel finished examining himself, he strode self consciously from the bathroom, trying to keep his head down and his neck covered. He passed the girl’s bathroom and heard arguing coming from the maintenance closet next to it. Looking quickly, he noticed it was halfway open,  and inside was the telltale Nightmare On Elm Street backpack slung across Alistar’s shoulders. He was hunched over something with glittering blonde hair, and a horrible pang struck Castiel’s stomach as he realized Alistair had cornered Jo. He almost wanted to go and help her, but he knew he would only make the situation worse. He was far from intimidating when it came to warding off bullies.
_____________
He hears the doors of Dean’s school-famous Chevy impala open and close, and laughter cut off abruptly. The engine started and faded as they rode away, leaving Castiel with his hatred.
And later, when he realized Novak was nowhere to be seen in the building, he couldn't help but worry a little. There was definitely guilt. He had established that, it was there and there was no changing it, but worry? Concern? He didn’t want those things! He wasn’t supposed to care about Castiel Novak, damnit, they’d never had a conversation that was pleasant, he hadn’t exchanged two words with him that weren’t sarcastic or venomous or degrading. The rich kid in school was supposed to be hated, and though thinking of ways to slit Novak’s pale throat used to be a favorite pastime, Dean found himself thinking of ways that Novak could be being hurt right now, by Alistair or Azazel, which was stupid because even if he was being hurt right now, it wouldn’t be Dean’s fault! The only thing he was guilty of was leaving him in that swimming pool, right? Still, Castiel could be in the emergency room right now, getting expensive stitches for the cuts on his head, or surgery for broken ribs or something. Or he could be at home, playing video games and eating rich stomach-hurting foods, caring about nothing and complaining to the maid.
He had been sitting there, stewing in his resentment for 30 minutes when his torso started to ache. There were only ropes wrapped around his waist and stomach, but his hands were clasped together by zip-ties, which he knew to be impossible to get out of. If he were to untie the ropes around his waist, he would have to choice but to fall, because those ass-hats had chosen to make this truly hell, and zip tie his hands to the belt loop in his jeans. With no limbs except his legs available, he knew that he had no other choice than getting free and falling. Besides, it wasn’t like he would die. He might get a broken arm or sprained ankle, but that was the worst he would have to suffer. His anger took most of the fear of falling away.
Not again.
Castiel wanted to ask what exactly Winchester wanted with him, but found that between being pummeled and using his frayed vocal cords to talk, he didn’t really want to do either. So, he waited.
Dean walked  behind Alistar, and watched with a smirk on his face as Castiel struggled to get free of Alistar’s bony hands gripping his shoulders. Castiel grunted when Alistair swung a fist into his side, almost doubling over in pain but Alistar kept him up with one hand. “Looks like someone’s been working on you before us!” He sneered, eyeing up the dark bruises on Cas’s face, “Who got their hands on you then?”
While he was packing lunch, which was pitiful (but thankfully he found enough money  in a dirty pair of pants  to buy a school lunch) Sam walked into the kitchen, dressed and ready to go. “Hey.” Dean said.
He walked the rest of the way up the stairs, and reached his room. His arm was still aching, and he was starting to worry about how he was going to take care of it. His mother would ask too many questions, his father was gone and he had no friends. His only other option was just going to the hospital himself, and the doctors might ask too many questions. But that was literally his only other option, so he was probably going to be walking to the hospital sometime soon.
He snapped out of his reverie when his knee bumped against the cabinets under the sinks, making his startle. He scared quite easily, even though he would have thought due to all the fear in his daily life he might have built up a resistance.
“Yes. Very sure. I’m fine.” He said again, not caring if she believed him, but not wanting to have the eyes of those at the cafe tables around them on him.
He clawed his way up a steep hill, holding his arm to his chest as he went. His leg was hurting too, since he had landed on that. His chest still burned with anger.
When he stepped out again he carried a paper bag with shaving cream, a pack of gum and a six pack of HopHands beer hidden inside of it. After putting the stuff in the trunk and slamming it shut again, he counted up the $3.47 he had left and decided to splurge and get himself some lupper from a little cafe down the way. It was less than a block from where he was parked, so he decided to risk it.
He trooped over to the adult’s horror section, and grabbed “The Watchers”. The he headed over to the library computers, which were tucked into a corner, almost like the librarians didn’t want people to use them. It was a weird place to put them, but nobody ever changed it.
The crying days had gotten more and more frequent. He didn’t care, it felt good to let his emotions out, and then go to sleep quickly after. He felt refreshed in the morning, and weighed down by night. Then he would unload his feelings in a fresh round of self loathing and pity, and sleep.
He hissed and put the kettle down quickly, waving his foot around a bit to get most of the sting off. It killed his neutral mood, and he glowered at the kettle, like it had done something to offend him.
He walked up the stairs feeling much the same as he normally did, minus his aching rib. Glad that supper had gone by without any arguments, and he had only provoked her to hit him once. It was normally a lot worse if his father was home. When he was home, the house was filled with a tension that didn’t ease up until he was gone again. His father was a strict man, not above beating Castiel until he bled for making mistakes. But luckily, Castiel knew what not to do when his father was around. His mother received a similar treatment, and she too changed the way she acted around him. She wouldn’t drink as much, and kept herself clean. Castiel was glad she knew how to avoid his anger, because as much as he resented his mother’s actions, he didn’t like seeing her get hurt.
He ate his lunch in the library again, not reading anything. He was staring off into space, not thinking about anything either. He wasn’t really tasting the food, but he knew it was a pbj. He had made it for himself this morning.
Here you go guys! Sorry this took so long.
Cas sat in awkward silence as they drove home from the hospital. His mother was either faking calm until they got home, or was too tired to be bothered to shout at him. He was stroking the blue cast on his arm with his good hand, feeling the rough scratchy material. He was lucky he was right handed, or he wouldn’t be able to write.
“Hey, don’t worry kid. We’re not that bad!” Reassured Dean in a mocking voice.
Dean’s mind went on high alert as he tried to conceive of what Mr. Novak was saying here. Did he just not want Castiel back? Was he being serious? By all looks of the man, from his shiny bald crown to his socked feet, he was dead-ass serious. Dean gulped. He was going to have to take Novak home wasn’t he? Maybe the mom would have more sense. Maybe this wasn’t even Mr. Novak….. But Dean didn’t entertain that thought for too long, because who else would this be?
He woke the next morning grogily, feeling better than he had before but with an ominous feeling in his bones. It was Saturday, Sometime in June, and he was 98% sure he was supposed to have done something the night before and forgotten.
He tried to take a step forward out of the kitchen when something in the basement ticked loudly, making him jump so hard he almost fell, nerves shot. He clutched at the counter to hold himself up, his knees almost but not quite hitting the ground, and prayed that he hadn’t made as much noise as he felt he had.
Band aids littered his arms and his ribs, he kept them off his face because they got in the way. Patting and squishing, he cleaned out his wounds as well as he could with a piece of wet gauze from the blue plastic kit. He found a few pain pills in a pouch at the bottom the kit, and swallowed them. He couldn’t feel the effects yet, but hoped they would work soon. He throat hurt, a reminder that he shouldn’t talk much more than he had to.
___________________________
He walked down to the kitchen and grabbed a rag from under the sink, getting it wet and ringing it out over the sink. Then he grabbed the old blue bucket they also kept under the sink, and stepped outside.
Feeling: scared, sad, nostalgic.
As he walked up his father’s driveway, he noticed that the garage was open and his mother’s expensive car was gone. It was slightly unusual for her to go out while his father was home, but not unheard of. Horror struck his heart as he noticed that his father’s shiny, more expensive car, was parked in the spot his mother’s normally occupied. Normally he had time between the end of school and the end of his father’s workday. Apparently he had come home early, and Castiel stood in fear looking at the shiny white vehicle in the garage.
It hard started off innocently enough. Well, these things were never exactly ‘innocent’, but it had started off more prankish than life-threatening. It had been someone’s idea, Dean couldn’t remember whose because the group adopted it so fast that the owner barely got acknowledged. It might have been Azazel, as he had swim lessons at the school every so often with the crusty gym teacher. Dean had liked the idea. It sounded fun, and adventurous, and new, and most importantly, it sounded like it would scare the shit out of Castiel Novak. Alistair had quickly said yes too, but Dean had never expected him to say no.
“I don’t know about that. I don’t like that Gordon kid, he’s always getting everybody including himself into trouble.”
“Dean doesn’t have a say over what I do. None of you assholes do. I don’t know what you were expecting to happen here but I can tell you one thing, if I ever find you doing something like what I saw last night again, I will personally make sure you graduate in a coffin.” Jo spat her words like venom. “Or maybe a cardboard box. I’ll make sure you get what you deserve.”
Winchester may have been acting weird, but honestly, stoic silence was better than anything else Castiel had experienced from the bully so far. He would take that over a punch in the face anyday. If only it could be like this more often.
The school day was much the same as every other school day; miserable.
“Why would you care so much?” He asked gruffly, trying to deflect answering as much as he was trying to get an answer, “I mean, you’ve only know the guy for what, two weeks? Week and a half?”
“I just didn’t want to be a bother.” He explained, though they both knew the real reason.
He had put in the garlic bread earlier, and so he walked creakily upstairs, his back yelling at him for doing so much work. Well, everything was yelling at him, basically. He wanted nothing more than to collapse in bed and sleep for a thousand years. But right now, he had to change into something a bit more presentable than the t-shirt and too-big jeans he was currently wearing.
“I know you loved your little bath yesterday.” says Alistair, and Castiel actually yelped when one of the hands on his arms comes up to caress his neck. “It probably wasn’t like the jacuzzi tub you have at home, but sometimes life just isn’t fair. Someone needs to teach you that.” Bucking and thrashing, Castiel tried to get Alistair’s hand off of his neck, but it only clamped down with more force than before, and he flinched back so violently that his head banged on the wall behind him, which just so happened to be the outside of a  toilet stall.
That was one thing Castiel tried to push out of his mind every day. The horrible nightmares that pushed themselves back into his mind every night that his father was home and then weeks after. Some of them were just eerie, others were bloody. And the worst part was, it was his mind. It knew him, and fears he didn’t even know he had were brought to light in the horrible real-ness of the dreams. They usually start right after his father gets home, the night after or the night of his arrival. He sometimes woke up screaming, or just opened his eyes and felt the terror or sadness of fear wash over him in a wave. If his mother or father knew he had nightmares, they didn’t show it. The probably couldn’t care less, unless his screaming woke them from their sleep.
Sam opened his mouth to say something, more but must’ve gotten the message when Dean yelled “GET OUT! Let me just figure out what we’re going to FUCKING EAT!”
“Shut up. He’s been taking naps a lot. He’s just tired.”
What? Had she followed him home or something? THis was bad. What if she told someone? No, she wouldn’t tell someone. Like she would care enough to do that. But how had she found out? If his father-
“It’s not worth it to be caught,” Castiel pleaded weakly, “It’s not worth Detention to beat me up. I’m nothing, and I’ll be here tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that.”
To his indescribable relief, Alistair was knocked to the side from his club of a fist. His lips felt sore and damp, but he didn’t have time to think about that because Alistair was not incapacitated in the least. Hands were still on him, roving, intruding. Castiel swung and banged his fists anywhere he could reach, fingers uncooperative, focusing on using as much precious strength he could muster. Like a lightning bolt, luck was with him in the form of a successful elbow jab to Alistair’s throat. Choking, he fell away while Castiel scraped his knees and palms in a mad attempt to run. Kicking, grunting, he managed to just barely disentangle himself from Alistair before he tried to stand. His knees were jello, wobble in the second he stayed upright, before gravity pulled him back down, crumpling to the dirt again. Alistair bore down on him, but before he could resume his attempt to force himself on Castiel his foot snapped out and kicked Alistair hard in the groin.
His throat felt raw and closed up, he could tell talking was going to be a bitch. His head was headache free, for now. The rest of his body hurt, but it was a dull hurt in the background. When he swallowed it was like his throat was puffy and full of sawdust on the inside, he could barely work up enough spit to make it easier.
The day passed in a blur as they often tended to. He wasn’t really aware of anything until he was eating lunch in the library, and a backpack slammed loudly onto the table next to him. He startled hard and launched himself halfway out of his seat before he glanced up to see Jo looking down at him, a small smirk playing on her lips. He scowled and looked away. “It’s not nice to sneak up on people who want to be alone.”
____________________________
“What’s up?” Alistair said, playing with the edge of a stolen comic book.
Castiel started getting up as fast as he could, using the locker behind him for purchase as he shot up. He hated sitting down while they stood, it made him feel like an ant with a boot poised above his head, ready to smash him into bits.
“Jo?” He asked, coughing a little, than a lot, jerking his torso up with the force of the hacking.
He gripped his pillow lightly with one hand, and pushed himself up with the other until he was in a sitting position. The bruises on his stomach were dark purple and large covering one side. He had slept shirtless, not wanting to deal with pulling the garment over his head with his sore arms. He could feel cuts and bruises on his chest, and looked at the bruises with trepidation, wondering how much they would hurt when he sat in a desk at school. His face ached fiercely, and he felt a swell of nausea in his stomach as his head spun at the movement.
Remembered he left his pasta in the room, and stopped for a second, having a quick debate in his head about going back to get it, when his stomach growled and he turned back. He walked into the kitchen and she spun around.
Feeling like a toddler at a babysitter’s house, Castiel shook his head. He was startled when Sam gaped at him, looking devastated beyond reason. “You’ve never seen Harry Potter?”
Dean stared at him with his amused green eyes, smiling a little and panting from the run. Castiel felt the ache in his body and fought for breath because Dean was practically sitting on his chest.
“Why not?” Dean asked, exasperated. “You fought and landed on your ass but he’s gotta help you find somewhere sometime right? You’re not just gonna lay in church basements 'till he gets tired of counting his money alone.”
Ah. Now they were cooking with gas. “Okay. Wanna tell me where they are, exactly?”
A slew of vivid images filled Dean’s mind. He could only picture the scene Jo had walked in on. He could visualize the Fingernail marks, the purple clouds on Novak’s throat that would later be put on display for the school to see. He could see Alistair, his face alight with sick glee as he held Novak by the back of the neck, the water roiling with the efforts of the person trapped inside of them. The guilt in his stomach was churning, forcing it’s way up his esophagus like it was vomit, and he couldn’t push it down like the other times. It was like and infection, a curse, and all the could do was gulp like a fish in the face of Jo’s less than diminished anger. Dean couldn’t believe Castiel hadn’t let her tell the cops, if they had switched places Dean would’ve done the exact opposite.
When he woke in the morning, Cas got up and showered. He went downstairs and packed himself a hurried lunch in their huge kitchen, grabbing small things from the fridge. Then after that, he remembered the night before and looked at the calendar on the fridge door. His father was due back two weeks from now.
Castiel stood there for several moments before he moved. He put the mop aside and started wiping it off with a wet rag, picking up the larger mounds of spaghetti and dropping them into the trash can. He did it methodically, thinking about what had lead to this.
“Anytime, boys. Now pay up.” Castiel heard the faint sound of coins clinking and paper money shifting.
But emotions couldn’t get him off the bridge.
He went back to his room and lay in bed for a few minutes. He didn’t want to make breakfast, he wasn’t hungry. He didn’t have activities to do on a Saturday morning.
Dean huffed annoyed. “I’m not saying we have, Al, but I’m going to check out and then we can blow this book stand.”
“You know why not.” He said stiffly. “And don’t act stupid, it doesn’t work.”
He ate breakfast when he got back downstairs, cereal and an apple. He turned on the news and lounged around on the couch. He liked keeping up with current events, but he rarely got the TV to himself. He normally got it only on Sunday’s maybe on Wednesday's sometimes because the local bar would have free lunches and his mother didn’t like missing free food.
“I’m fine.” He said, annoyance creeping through his voice.
He looked at her weirdly, not really trusting the friendly tone in her voice. No one spoke to him, this seemed a little off. “Hello…?” He answered awkwardly, making the greeting more of a question.
But for now, he was looking forward to getting his cast off in 4 days.
“Well I wasn’t going to be out all day. I thought you were top of your grade. Gotta run out of your father’s money sometime.” She hissed.
His mom was nowhere to be seen. Cas started getting a pan out for eggs, before looking in the fridge to see they had no eggs. He abandoned breakfast to tentatively search the house for his mother.
The rest of the walk he carefully spent looking at where he was going and not thinking about what it will be like when he shows up in school with a cast. Because he was definitely going to need one, the way his arm was feeling right now. He felt every step he took pulse through it, and the fact one of his ribs was stabbing him with pain too did not help either. He shouldn’t have waited so long to get help.
“Why do you say there were other times? What if that was just once, just a glitch-”
When she unlocked the front door of their house, he waited a few moments when she went inside and then followed her in. The house was cold, and he shivered lightly. It hadn’t been cold before they left, but that was their house for you. If you don’t have the heat on always when it’s cold, it was like the structure just gave up, and sat there like an icebox. Like all the cold was leeching up through the basement, which had always creeped Cas out a bit. Their basement was dark and unfinished and cold, with shadows and lights that didn’t quite reach all the corners of all the rooms.
She never left like this when his father was home though. When his father was home no one did anything without telling him first. And if he didn’t approve, you didn’t go. Simple as that. Not like it was a problem for Castiel, as he never did much of anything to begin with. The most he would do was maybe go to the library, or a bookstore. He had no friends to speak of.
He heard his mother come home while he was putting away the Buffy DVD, the door slammed open thunderously and her high heels clicked across their wood floorboards dangerously. Castiel raised his eyebrows to himself, surprised that she was out of the house. But she did have to make herself look presentable when his father came home (which normally took a few days) so maybe she had gone to the salon or someplace similar to beautify herself. Suddenly he heard yelling coming from downstairs, and jumped when he heard a sharp crash coming from the living room. The front door opened and closed, and all the while his mother was yelling curses at whoever had walked through it. The vacuuming had stopped, and Castiel guessed that the cleaning lady had just vacated the premises.
“Great!” His father let go of the hand he was possessing, and strode out of the room. On his way out he thumped Castiel hard on the shoulder in a ‘friendly’ pat, and nearly sent Castiel sprawling across the kitchen floor. His mother quickly clacked out of the room in her high heels, not sparing Castiel a glance. He followed them out, and sat down at his space at the table.
Cas looked around the corner and gasped when he saw Dean walking in his direction, startlingly close.
Tonight had been a good night. His dad was sober, in a good mood and doing it work, it sounded like. The night had gone by without much incident, and he didn’t know that Dean was tormenting the Novak kid.
“You haven’t said anything yet!” Alistair sing songed. “Cat got your tongue?”
He closed his door less carefully than before, a bit mad that he would have to clean up the mess the Knights of Hell had made in the morning before getting his cast off. It made no sense to leave it until his mother woke up, and put her in a bad mood. She was his ride to the hospital, and he didn’t really want to forfeit that just so he could sleep in.
Jo passed him a couple of times that day, glaring red hot pokers into his eyes. Well, he passed her. Whenever she tried to stop him to talk he would sidestep her and move along, quicker than before. By the end of the day he was tired, in every sense of the word.
Alistar had thrown it eerily well and hard from the moving car window, and hit Cas just above his knees, hard like a sledgehammer. He groaned, and straightened feeling his headache flair like fire from the impact. The rocks hitting his torso were barely the size of a pencil sharpener, the kind you would buy at some museum, the ‘geodes and crystals’ type, and barely stung.  The car in front of him stopped, and Dean opened his door and ran out of the car. He started walking to Castiel, and Cas started walking back quickly, heart still jackhammering at the thought of Dean’s fists whacking his head to the side, his steel toed boots kicking his stomach and legs outside the arcade. Cas flinched when he looked from Dean’s boots up to his face and found the green eyes staring at him. Something akin to confusion strangely flashed across Dean’s features, and he leaned over and grabbed the baseball bat from the curb. With it in hand he looked savage, and for all the world like he was about to beat Cas to a bloody pulp with the bat. Castiel noticed his hands were shaking near violently, and fear was pumping through his veins like blood.
So many injuries, so little time. When Castiel returned home, he would have to clean a lot in the last few hours before his father arrived. Make sure everything was pristine, and do a cursory check-over of his parents room to make sure there were no whisky bottles lying around. Once he had forgotten that step, and that had led to a nasty cut in the morning on his arm.
The final bell rang and Castiel quickly made his way out of school, making it surprisingly to the front steps before something unfortunate happened.
He continued picking up mahogany shards until he couldn’t find any more, and then walked back to the porch with the bucket and grabbed the outside broom he kept leaning against a wall. He swept any remaining pieces off into the dirt of their front yard, and put the broom away after.
They were going to be okay. He hoped.
He had been so concentrated simply on the fact that he had abandoned the situation, so wrapped up in his friggin’ guilt, that he hadn’t realized that he hadn’t just left his plaything in the school with a psychopath, he had also sent the most badass girl he knew to go check on them for him. He tried to push any feelings of impishness out of his chest, letting tension into his bloodstream in its stead.
“Nope, it’s definitely someone else. Looks like he’s pretty popular.” Dean stood closer to Castiel, looking down his nose at him in seeming disgust. “Just wish I had been there to watch.”
Tomorrow was tuesday, and he was getting his cast off at 12:30. He couldn’t wait, excitement made shivers go down his spine. He was skipping school tomorrow to go to the doctor’s though he wasn’t sure it was called skipping if you had permission. He was grateful that he didn’t have to suffer through another day bearing the handicap. The hunk of plaster on his arm was horrible now, covered in sharpies that threw their fumes into his face and obscene comments and pictures. Getting it off him would be getting weight off his back, he would stop having to hide his arm every day after school. The thought of it made him smile, even as he read line after line of letters in his book.
Footsteps echoed through the room, and the door opened squeakily. Castiel’s stomach dropped as Alistar muttered “Fuckin’ cowards. Afraid to have a little fun.”
But does he? A nagging awful voice at the back of Dean’s head questioned, and he shoved it away. YES.
“Riiiiight.”
He waited in the kitchen until the pot started whistling, and then quickly turned it off. He poured the water, but was sloppy and splashed some out the nozzle, hitting his foot below.
He almost certainly had a few prominent marks on his neck. He hadn’t thought about it that morning, but now he wished he had some sort of scarf or something to cover that bruises, to cover the shame of what he had let happen to himself. Why hadn’t he looked in a mirror? He probably looked like hell warmed over. Bad enough to repulse anyone who would care enough to look at him. He thought about Jo, rescuing him in the pool. Would she want to see him today? Or would she finally realize that he was just a loser with rich parents who couldn’t defend his own life to save the world?
Sam waved at Novak. Fucking waved. “Hey. I paused the movie, but you can turn it on if you want. Me and Dean were just having a domestic, no biggie.” He reasurred Novak.
Dean punched him again, and again, and when Castiel fell to the ground with a groan of pain, he kicked him with a steel toed boot in the stomach. Castiel clutched his stomach, gagging. Dean laughed, and the normally pretty sound fell sourly on Cas’s ears. He felt a stinging behind his eyes as Dean kicked him two more times before he hoisted him back up again. Castiel felt gravel fall from his face from where his cheek had been pressed to the ground, and faced Dean tiredly, wanting more than anything to run away. But his stomach and face hurt so much he probably couldn’t run more than 20 feet before he would have to stop. He sagged against the brick wall, the pain of the material digging into his back pulling in comparison to the pain of the punches Dean was currently raining down on his face and ribs. He could feel his lip split and cuts and bruises making themselves known across his body. When he fell again, Dean didn’t pull him up a second time.
“I don’t want you sitting with me, and I’m not leaving the library.” He said firmly, staring at her. She looked up in surprise.
The hand on Cas’s throat slithered around to his collar, and held him up while they tied something around his waist. “What are you doing?” Castiel cried out, as rope bit into his stomach. He realized they were tying him to the metal guard rail.
He marched through the library. His hands shook hard as he clutched his backpack. Jo called after him, and suddenly she darted in front of him, blocking him momentarily.
“Don’t call me Deanie, you ass.” Dean growled, glowering at the table. For some reason it rubbed him the wrong way that Azazel automatically assumed that Castiel was the reason he was in such a bad mood.
“Pretty new accessory!” Azazel comments on the cast. “Where’d you get it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
They hit him in the side and face until he fell, and Uriel couldn't hold him up. And when he fell, they kicked him. He yelled in pain with every kick, and he felt his ribs take every impact. The hard gravel wasn't doing anything for comfort. The next kick came in harder then the rest, and he screamed. He hadn't begged for them to stop more then twice, because he knew they wouldn't until they were good an ready to.
“Yes sir.” Castiel looked down at his soup. Again. He caught a glimpse of his blue eyes in his silver spoon. He noticed he had circles under them.
He was stalled, however, by the large crowd of people he had not previously seen gathered around a small crying boy, with a bloody cut on his arm. The crowd was blocking his only safe pass, and he frantically searched for an opening, but the frenzied crowd was too busy getting a first aid kit to the little boy to bother to clear a path.
Today was mostly fine. I had a scare at school from Winchester, but I got out of it mostly unscathed. I am driving to the hospital to get my cast off tomorrow, which I cannot wait for. Tonight Azazel and Winchester and some of their friends smashed beer bottles on the house. I will have to clean it up tomorrow before mother wakes.
He only stared at his sorry blue-eyed reflection for a few moments before walking back to his room to get dressed. He peeled his wet band-aid off his face.
Dean pointed his finger at Sam in what he hoped was a threatening manner, growling “Dad doesn’t hear about this, Sam. You can yell and bitch all you want, but if dad hears then you’re gonna wish you’d stayed quiet, little bro.”
He quickly peeled off his wet shirt, throwing on the first dry one he laid his hands on. He changed his pants too, for good measure, into old dress pants that were a faded black. For some reason he had quite the number of black dress pants.
Setting down pristine white bowls around the dinner table, Castiel was careful to not make noise. He poured water into clear clean glasses, and set an ice cold beer beside his father’s glass of water.
“Well, so much for beauty sleep.” He said with a smirk, accenting his last syllable with a light slap to Castiel’s cheek. The latter just closed his eyes and let his father do whatever he wanted. He felt like someone had bolted him to the floor. He doubted he would be able to make it upstairs.
He mainly used to it to watch Buffy the Vampire Slayer, since he didn’t have the Netflix password and his mother used the TV a lot. It wasn’t good for much else, besides checking his barron email that in the absence of friends, contained only stiff messages from his father and mother. And even those weren't very many.
Sam paused his story again, and Dean looked up at him questioningly before he realized the story had finished and he hadn’t been listening. He feebly said “Okay. That’s good.” Sam shot him a brief knowing look before Dean turned back to the lunch he was constructing and then setting the containers on the table in front of Sam.
“None of them?” Sam asked again, in the same flabbergasted voice.
He walked into his house in a huff, still shivering after being hit by the warm air. He walked in and almost made it all the way upstairs before his mother stepped into the hallway. “Castiel.”
“How can I be sure you’re not just going to drag me into a trap?” He asked lightly, putting down his pbj. She looked taken aback. If this was all acting, she was destined for hollywood.
“Uh, yeah hi I’m- your son goes to school with me, and I was way across town and found him. N- Castiel. I don’t know if you were looking for him-” judging by the man’s completely uninterested appearance, Dean guessed not. “-but yeah, I found him, and he’s roughed up pretty bad so I was just going to drop him off here and be on my-”
She led him down the empty hall in almost-silence, with her making little comments along the way about how much school sucked and how she was failing in math and all the usual student gripes and grumbles.
He searched the cafeteria with lazy eyes, half listening to the conversation Azazel and a boy named Raphael were having about the rights Raphael’s sandwich packed for him for lunch. Azazel seemed to have quite the appetite today, and was forcing anyone not a senior to give him their lunch. With exception of Dean and Alistair, of course. And Castiel didn’t seem to be here today, which struck a little match of worry in Dean’s stomach that he quickly doused. Probably going off on some trip to an exotic island or something.Castiel had missed days before, stretching into long periods of time. He came back quieter than he had been before, like he knew that he was going to be punished extra for the loss of time. Dean didn't know how he knew, and he wanted to forget it, just like he wanted to forget how he noticed that Castiel always looked paler and thinner after days off from school. But he also never got in trouble for skipping so many days, which set Dean’s brain on fire. He would get in major shit if he missed even two days to take care of Sam when he was sick, or deal with his father.
Next thing he knew, Castiel was on the concrete once more, head swimming and heart thumping, coughing up water. Someone was leaning over him, golden hair glinting in the sunlight. He blinked the grayness out of his vision as he watched her lips move, forming words.
Castiel was dragged behind the building, to the place where the teachers couldn’t see them. Dean, Alistair and Uriel were waiting there, Dean was lounging against the brick wall like a model. Alistar was doing something to Uriel that involved a pencil and didn’t look that pleasant.
“Oh. Are you any good at it?” She asked.
“What’s his problem?” Winchester mocked, and Castiel’s jaw clenched. The rage inside him was making his bones shake. He thought he might explode with the intensity of it, aimed at those three petty specks of humanity, Alastair, Azazel and Dean.
Dean and Alistair opened their mouths to say something and Azazel took a step forward. Uriel was close to Azazel’s side, which left a huge gap in the circle. Castiel took his chance, and threw himself from the locker, sprinting through the gap as Uriel started to move sluggishly and the others started yelling.
He didn’t realize he had forgotten to tell Jo to back off until the period after lunch.
Castiel was only concentrating on the machine, his eyebrows tugged together and creating wrinkles in his forehead. He was trying to wipe all other thoughts from his overly burdened brain, especially the fact that his father was coming home in less than twenty four hours. 4:00 sharp the next afternoon, after Castiel was home from school. And the nightmares would start again.
He barely heard the laughter, coming from Alistair and Azazel. Winchester was curiously silent. As hands grabbed him terror flashed icily through his veins and he almost screamed out “Stop!”
Hey guys sorry but I'm really behind on this, so the next update will have to wait a while longer.......... please don't hate me.
He shoved more cold mac and cheese into his mouth, wishing he was eating anything else. Mac and cheese was cheap though, and their cupboards were full of it. Dean knew that he should be grateful they had food what with their poor state, but Sam was a growing boy and he needed some variety.
He lay there a few minutes before his alarm went off, and he turned it off quickly and went back to sleep a few more minutes. It was Saturday, the best and worst day of the week. He didn’t go to school to be tormented by the knights of hell, but he also had nothing to do at his house.
He was hooked by the end of that episode, and was really struggling to get off the couch and go to the library. He just couldn’t think of a reason good enough to abandon this show, and even though he had a small laptop in his room, and he had long before hacked the netflix password, he liked watching it on the big screen.
Castiel stood at the kitchen sink, staring at the wall opposite it and thinking about one horrible night when his father had found him stealing food from the fridge to eat in his room, and he had beat him so hard with his belt he had welts on his back for days after the punishment. He had been so scared, when his father found him tearing hungrily through the fridge he hadn’t even fought back, just screamed and took it, until his father had harshly told him he wouldn’t eat more than stale bread for a week if he continued making so much noise.
He realized he had been standing in the hallway thinking for 5 minutes. He shook his head and moved on the the kitchen, grabbing his favorite red mug out of the cupboard and putting a chai tea bag in it. He turned the kettle on, putting the burner on high.
Alistair looked faintly amused, not the least bit put out that his plaything had just scampered away from him. He crawled forwards, across the short distance on all fours, swinging his hips in a vulgar impression of sensuousness. Castiel’s hands scraped over the ground as he tried to pull himself away. The pebbles were damp and left his hands beaded with wet dirt, uncomfortable and prickly. He dragged himself a few feet before he collapsed, unnaturally tired. Panting, he watched, terrified, as the clawed hands neared his sprawled legs. “Don’t be like that! I’m not going to hurt you.” Alistair weedled. The fact that Alistair would resort to telling him such obvious lies scared Castiel. The bigger boy wasn’t even trying, he knew he was going to win any  fight that occurred.
They got on the bus, Sam sat with his friend Jess and Dean walked back to Alistair and Azazel. Sometimes he drove to school in the impala, but he was low on gas and didn’t want to spend his money filling it up after school. He grinned as he neared his friends.
He didn’t want to trust her. He really didn’t very much. So he decided to go along with it. Let her sit with him in the library, let her keep him company whenever she felt like it. But eventually liars always showed their true colors, and if she was just trying to get him to trust her for some cruel joke he would know soon enough.
Sam says things that aren’t important. Slowly, quietly.
Castiel gulped, and steeled his nerves before looking away from Dean’s lazy gaze and to the exit right by him. Then, with a whooshing breath of air, he sprinted for the opening, and out of the corner of his eye he saw Dean start to chase him before the shaggy haired boy from before started to talk to him and he stopped, casting a threatening glance at Castiel before turning to the boy. Castiel continued to the door, where he slowed to a walk and went to the side of the building, leaning against the brick alley wall. EVen though he had only run a few feet, he had to catch his breath as he felt his heart beat a violent rhythm against his ribcage. He wondered idly if he was out of shape or terrified. Probably both.
Then Azazel and Alistair had started laughing, and Dean had joined in without thinking about it. It was second nature to laugh like a movie villain when Novak was doing something interesting.
Dean turned and just stared at the window, not really wanting to talk to anybody. He started thinking about yesterday, and Novak. Tying Novak to that bridge. It hadn’t really been the plan, he had thought they were just going to beat him up and leave him there. But Azazel had thought out a whole nother plan, and they had just gone with it. Hidden their surprise.
Sam blushed and punched him on the shoulder. “Shut up! There is nothing going on!” He hunched his shoulders and muttered “We’re just friends.”
When the bell rang Castiel shoved himself up with the palms of his hands quickly so that his knees wouldn’t have time to collapse on him. He thought he saw Jo watching him out of the corner of his eyes, but when he looked he just saw her stuffing her lunch stuff in her backpack, the picture of innocence.
Castiel was nervous, doodling a little bit on his paper until the teacher called him out for it and sniggers from the other student filled the class as she reprimanded him. When the bell rang he was the last out the door, but just barely. Normally he was the first, so he was hoping that if the Knights were waiting outside it would throw them off a little.
He stood up only after their voices started fading, and just in time because lunch was over. The bell rang loudly, and students started slowly trickling from the cafeteria.
“Cas, we—.” Dean licked his lips and shook his head. “I burned you. You’re gone and I… Dammit, Cas I did this to you.”
“Aw, come on, are you really going to glare at me all night, or are you gonna help me down the stairs?”
“Well if you didn’t lead us stumbling down an alley after the bar that night, we wouldn’t have bothered them while they were eating and they never would have chased us like they did,” Jenny said.
With a resigned expression, Cas lifted his hand and brushed his fingertips to Dean’s forehead. The ice and fire of Cas’s healing grace raced through Dean’s body, focusing mostly on his head. Tingling sensations raced over Dean’s scalp, and his eyes fell closed as he reveled in the sensation.
“You’re not a creeper or anything, right?” Nicole asked.
Cas stared up at Dean from beneath his eyebrows. His features hardened right before he tore out of Dean’s grasp and started to walk away.
“First of all, never call it that again,” Dean said. “Sexual relations. What do you think this is, a court case?”
“Okay, stop. Just stop,” Dean said. He shook Cas's hands in his enough to wiggle the angel’s arms. “You need to relax. You’re thinking too hard about this. Just, quit thinking.”
“Thank you,” Dean said.
A few minutes later, he set all the drinks onto a tray and carried them to the table. Only one person was sitting at the table when he reached it, a young man with flopping yellow-blond hair and a wide, goofy smile.
------------------
“The video was really low quality, so it’s probably nothing,” Dean said. “We wanted to get a closer look, anyway. Your siblings have a habit of causing mayhem when they’re left unattended. Besides, there’s a chance it was all a smoke and mirrors trick to promote the festival.”
“Fuck that movie,” Dean said as the credits started to roll.
“Do you think Hannah missed other angels that didn’t want to return home?” Cas asked.
The person holding the cellphone fumbled their phone and when they finally got it held up again there were huge white angel wings spread out behind the man in front of the screen. The crappy video quality made the wings look a little bit like they were blue and glowing. His ranting grew more passionate then the video cut out completely.
Dean repeated the words several more times as the front of his shirt grew wet from Castiel’s tears.
Cas pressed more of his weight into Dean’s arm that was wrapped around his lower back. “As long as you don’t make me talk to any of them, I won’t have to run away screaming and leave you here to fend for yourself.”
Dean closed his eyes to keep Cas from seeing him roll them so hard. When he opened them again, Cas looked even more unsteady. “It was you, idiot. I had just watched you die. Full on wings on the ground, angel blade through your fucking chest, grace burning out through your eyes die.”
Dean tore his eyes from Cas’s and let Cas pull his shirt the rest of the way off.
“And what reason was that?” Donna asked.
“We’ll meet you at the motel,” Castiel said before he hung up the phone and slipped it back into his pocket. He crossed the room to the duffle again and pulled out more clothes for Dean. This time he placed them gently on the bed within Dean’s reach instead of throwing them at him. “I’m going to check in with your nurse to see what is taking so long.”
“It’s fine, Cas.” Dean took his shirt from Cas and set it on top of the flannel at the foot of the infirmary bed. When he looked back, Cas was opening and closing his hands in frustration.
“If my suspicions are correct,” Cas said before coughing violently. Dean wrapped an arm around Cas’s shoulders and pulled him so his back was against Dean’s chest. Dean curled his left hand around Cas’s side, his thumb brushed over the spot Cas was cradling before in an attempt to soothe the ache. Cas’s forehead smoothed as the coughing started to settle. “Just one more time.”
The boys are on the road to Arizona and stop for some gas and memories.
“That’s my job to figure out,” Sam said, like he didn’t have any suspicions of how something like that could happen. Let alone seen it happen first hand many times over. “Was there anything else about the body that stood out to you?”
“After he died I lost myself. I’ve always struggled with depression, but the months immediately after were the blackest I’ve ever been through. It didn’t take her long to realize I’d loved him.” Scott shook his head once like he was berating himself. “That I was
“Yeah, waking nightmares and second guessing every move you made that led to whatever new terrible thing that’s happened is normal. It's human,” Dean said. “This wasn’t your fault though. And you didn’t fail.”
“Sure,” Dean said. “Pass it to Sam.”
“It’s not the same,” Dean said. “This one is framed and it’s
“Let’s get the hell out of here,” Dean said. He tugged Castiel to his feet and they stood there next to the little booth for a moment just staring into each other’s eyes. Dean waggled his eyebrows and leaned in to whisper conspiratorially. “Looks like this messy cop scored himself a hot piece of ass to take home on Valentine’s Day after all.”
“I’ll help,” Dean said. He shoved the things he’d found for himself into Sam’s hands. “Hold these. We’ll be right back.”
“I really want to kiss you,” Dean said. He blinked, stunned at his own candor.
“Relationships can be challenging,” Cas said. “I’m sorry to hear you’re going through a difficult time.”
“No, I don’t believe so,” Nicole said. “There was an emergency with her granddaughter. She asked Carolynn to come in her place.”
“Dean, please,” Cas said quietly. “You said it yourself, we’re going to die here. Can you please stop pretending you don’t know that I’m in love with you?”
“Dillon,” Castiel said. “His angelic name is Duma. He’s the angel of dreams, same as I’m the angel of Thursday.”
"Letters to Ghosts" by Lucie Silvas
“Dean,” Cas said as he looked up with wide eyes.
Dean stared at Sam. “English, Sammy.”
Dean swallowed hard.
“Movies about angels?” Cas asked. His tone was even, controlled. Dean knew him well enough to know he’d piqued Cas’s interest. Apparently the angel hadn’t found movies about his family during his Netflix binge.
Sam glared at him. Cas rolled his eyes at Dean then looked back at Ricky.
Dean blinked at him, his cheeks warmed when he realized he’d spaced out in a memory again. Something about this case was dredging up all kinds of shit.
With his empty hand he undid the fly of his jeans and pushed them and his boxers down his thighs. He popped the lid open on the bottle of lube and coated his hand, working the liquid around with his fingers to warm it up. Then he wrapped his hand around himself.
Sam shook his head. “You didn’t make me uncomfortable, Dean. I’m glad you and Cas finally figured your shit out.”
Dean frowned at both of them. “What?”
other angels like Cas. We need to find out who this guy was, see if it’ll help us find the angel who killed him.”
“You can have that, you know,” Cas said.
Dean frowned and held the page up to Sam.
The door opened again as Dean finished lacing up his boots. Castiel was glaring at the orderly with the wheelchair like glaring would make the man move faster. Dean bit the inside of his cheek to keep himself from grinning.
Sam was trying to hide one of his dopey looking smiles and staring at his laptop screen when Dean finally entered the library. Probably a video chat, then. He idly wondered who Sam was talking to, but figured it wasn’t worth starting a fight over if Sam wasn’t ready to talk about it. Dean would wait until Sam stopped trying to hide the conversations first.
Dean listened for a moment longer, but wasn’t able to pick up any of the conversation. Sam’s words were too quiet to decipher from this far away. He let his feet hit the floor a little harder than normal so Sam would have enough time to notice him coming and not get startled.
Cas raised an eyebrow. Then he reached over the seat with one slow moving hand. His fingers hovered a couple inches above Dean’s crotch as he stared at Dean with a question written over his features.
“Take it easy,” Dean said.
Dean curled his hands into fists. “Answer me.”
They stayed there, wrapped in silence and each other, for longer than time could detail. Maybe seconds passed, maybe it was decades. It wasn’t enough. There was never enough time, but Dean soaked up these stolen moments like a flower seeking sunlight all the same.
“We’ll find her,” Sam said.
“The truth is, I don’t know how we do it, Cas,” Dean said. “Sam and I, we don’t handle a lot of things well. We make mistakes and we hurt each other and you and other people. We fight and, yeah, we nearly die, a lot. Hell, I’ve died so many times that I’ve stopped counting by now.”
“No, Sam, you don’t understand,” Dean said. “I need it. I need that poster.”
Dean choked on a bit of dry pie crust. She waited patiently for him to get his breath back and all his food down.
“By that logic,” Cas said. “A faithless man and a religious studies professor would be doomed too, would it not?”
“And then you bitched about your back hurting all night,” Sam said. “I told him to stay behind at the motel to ice it today, but he refused.”
“Yeah,” Dean said, thinking of Cas. “I know the type.”
“I don’t believe we have time for sense,” Cas said.
“Actually,” Cas said. “This might need stitches. And I think you have a concussion.”
Dean blinked at them and looked up at the wall. There was a scattered collection of various old music posters. Some advertising concerts from when Dean’s parents were teens and a few others that were more recent.
“It’s still too early,” Sam said. “Let’s give them a bit more time to try to find something.”
Sam hummed his agreement.
“You got enough juice to fix my head right now?”
“Fucking finally,” Sam’s said from somewhere behind them.
“I don’t want to fight with you,” Dean said.
“Is that better?” Cas asked as he pulled his hand away.
Dean looked up at him.
After a few minutes on the road, while Dean tried to navigate through the unfamiliar city, 	Cas started digging through the plastic shopping bags in the back seat. Dean glanced in the rearview mirror at him.
Pain spread across Dean’s head. He gripped the edge of the breakfast bar as his knees began to buckle. Memories flooded through him.
Castiel stared at Dean for a long moment. Dean could see emotions pass through Castiel’s eyes like headlights on a highway at midnight. Part of Dean wished he could find it in himself to soothe the pain streaking across Castiel’s face. Part of him wished they did more than fight lately.
Dean looked across the roof of the Impala at Sam’s bitchface and gave his brother a warning shake of his head. Then he turned to take hold of Cas’s hand and started to lead them toward the storefront. “It’s a type of clothing store that Sam thinks he’s too good for now in his advanced age.”
Dean rolled over to face Castiel once Castiel was settled in place. There seemed to be a chasm of space between them. Dean chose to ignore why that thought bothered him so much. Instead, he took advantage of the fact that Castiel’s eyes were screwed shut to stare at the angel.
“Oh yes, this is awesome,” Sam said a moment later.
Dean snorted.
Dean really needed some time alone with Cas. Whether his brother actually took advantage of that alone time and
Mary’s frown deepened. She opened her mouth to speak, but commotion from a couple of college kids settling down at a nearby table interrupted her.
Dean frowned.
“I’ve hit another dead end,” Cas said. “I was sure this time that my information was correct, but Kelly seems determined to keep three steps ahead of us.”
“Get a room,” Sam called out playfully as he walked back down the hallway to his own room.
“I can’t believe you were serious about buying all that,” Sam said.
“You’re lucky you’re cute,” Dean said.
“In part.” Cas’s eyes drifted away and he sat back. His shirt slipped from Dean’s fingers and Dean’s thundering heart raced faster as the moment started to slip away too.
“Growing up the way we did…” Sam shook his head. “Dean didn’t get a lot of time to figure himself out. Neither of us did; that’s part of why I went to Stanford. Dean didn’t get that chance, and Dad made it pretty clear what he expected of us. And especially of Dean. So, yeah, he has a complicated relationship with his best friend, and I don’t know if he’ll ever be able to let himself fall in love with someone—anyone—let alone act on that love. But I’m not going to push him on it and you shouldn’t either.”
Dean frowned. He rewound the video a few frames and paused it after the angel stretched out their wings. The last thing he wanted to do was drag Cas into another family feud, but he didn’t have the heart to hide this from the angel either.
Sam sighed and opened one of his bottled, pre-packaged smoothie drinks. It was green. Dean grimaced as he imagined what it must taste like.
“My name is Loki” That was the name he always used no need to tell everyone right? “And I’m more than happy to buy you a drink hansom” he gestured to the bar tender who put another beer in front of the other Alpha
Love you all ❤❤❤
“And it’s all yours, my perfect strong beautiful mate” the Alpha growled into his ear. And that was it, Cas started pounding into him so hard it would definitely leave marks Dean’s inner Omega was loving it preening in happiness. Eventually he felt Cas’s incredibly impossibly fat knot starting to form and all at once with no prior warning he felt the need, the all-consuming need to see him, to see Cas, to see his ALPHA! He had breathlessly asked and from one breath to the next he was now looking at those massive blue eyes, god he loved those eyes. “Oh Dean, my love, my Omega. All mine. Just like I’m yours” Cas was cooing down towards him and that was it, he was plummeting over the edge spraying his load all over his chest as Cas emptied into him.
“There how’s that?” Dean asked, hoping that his actual message would get through to the Alpha or maybe Charlie. In fact it’ll probably be Charlie. He didn’t want to but he took off his collar and placed it next to the note.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas swallowed and answered almost sheepishly “I certainly am”
Dean swallowed hard – something told him to stop – too not push Cas too far. But he was stubborn he had to make the Alpha see that he wasn’t good enough for him “Am I?” he rumbled between gritted teeth. That shocked Cas to his core, even his slightly pissed-off Alpha sat up and took note, they were starting to understand what was going on, but they a little more information. Dean was about to open his mouth to continue the thought. That was until he was cut off by the angry Alpha crowding him against the wall. Looking up into deep red eyes. “OMEGA, you are close to exceeding my patience” Castiel growled out.
“I am his Farther and until he is mated I am in charge” John growled. though Cas didn’t get chance to respond as Dean who had obviously been listening jumped up out of Cas’s lap and pointed an accusing finger towards his farther “Too late dad me and Cas are mated” pulling down his collar on his shirt to show Cas’s bite. despite everything occurring Cas found it a total turn on to see his Omega shouting and forcing too he heard and seen.
“No, thanks” dean said as he tried to exit the car, well maybe he was more tiered then he let on because from one moment to the next he was sprawled on the floor with an indigent squeak. Cas came running around baby picking him up he whispered into his ear “Don’t worry strong omega, asking for help doesn’t make you weak” as he was walking towards the door.
I'm sorry its taken so long, im back on the lates now so should get a few chapters done this week :)
“Like shit, how’d we get in the car? And who’s driving or is this a fancy-ass self-driving car?” he barely recognised his own voice even so he still tried to make a joke at his own expense. She smiled at that, he was defiantly getting back to his more normal self if he could crack a joke “you stormed into Benny’s bedroom then mine damming that we leave” she heard a sharp intake of breath from the other Omega and a mumbled complaint from their driver.
Once inside the room he placed Dean down on the bed “Okay sweetheart, let me get undressed” that did it Alpha was getting undressed he was finally going to get that knot! Dean attempted to stand but the dizziness took over and he fall back down on the bed. Catching the eyes of his Alpha, he wasn’t amused by Dean’s attempts; so he settled on watching his Alpha get undressed, his hands ghosting over his body moving down sliding a finger or two inside his wet hole. It didn’t help. Finally Cas was fully naked he prowled over leaning down and rumbling in his ear “Sweetheart, what are you doing?”
“Alpha” Dean’s voice cut through Cas thoughts instantly, turning he focused on his Omega.
Love you all Rt ❤❤❤❤❤
Cas grabbed his hand just before he made contact he looked Dean in the eye “Not yet Dean, tonight you relax okay?” then slid into the bath with his back against the side offering his hand to the waiting omega. Dean instantly took it sliding into the bath in front of Cas, back to chest. It didn’t escape either of their notice that they fit together perfectly; any last tension totally evaporated from Dean as Cas started to massaging he shoulders and back.
“Yes Cas, I promise” Dean mentally prepared himself for what was to come next. Slowly Cas lowered Dean on to his rock hard cock all the while whispering words of encouragement into his hair. And not pumping up into the Omega. Once about half way down Dean moaned causing Cas to stop and hold him there for a few seconds whilst the Omega adjusted. Once Dean nodded to Cas he continued until he was all the way in. Sighing Cas looked down to see Dean with a blissed out smile on his face.
Love you all stay safe
He headed towards the smell of something cooking, he was met by the most amazing sight of his life. Dean was cooking wearing only Cas’s white button up shirt the globes of his ass showing beneath the shirt; it was gorgeous it made his inner alpha growl with delight, sue him he was an alpha after all, somethings were just hardwired into him.
Fortunately Gabriel walked into the kitchen, drawn forward by the smell of distressed Omega. Thankfully he arrived before Dean could be totally lost into his spiral of self-doubt and worry “Gabriel?” he asked hoping to convey all the uncertainty into it, even though his voice wavered at the end.
Dean was taken aback “Of course I will I love you Sam” he told him, paused and the continued “though never use your Alpha Voice on me again” he finished prodding his finger into the Alpha’s chest. Sam just smiled “Couldn’t even if I wanted to, Cas is the only Alpha your listen to now” turning to see Cas standing looking rather annoyed he decided that it was best to sort Dad out and leave Dean to his newly mated and angry alpha.
“And if he doesn’t?” Sam enquired
Cas left the house heading towards the street, grabbing his phone ready to call a taxi and head to the hotel “Cas wait, Dean will want to talk to you later. Please Cas. I love him but he’s stupid sometimes” Sam shouted behind him. “Please Cas”
Love you all ❤❤❤
“Oh” a simple sound, but to Cas it conveyed so much emotion. He tried to move an arm around Dean hoping that his sent would calm Dean. It had the opposite effect making Dean shoot upwards and start pacing. “What’s it say Sammy?”
❤❤❤❤❤❤
There’s nothing like seeing your younger brother holding a gun to you saviour to bring you back to full conscious despite wanting to sleep Deans’ Omega urged him to wiggle his way out of Cas hold, well to attempt to anyway. Cas on the other hand had other ideas he didn’t so much as pull him closer as total envelop the Omega; again Deans inner Omega preened that this Alpha would defend him from everything.
this time trying to slid out of Cas’ arms was meant by another growl but instead of it being a warning one it was obviously one of distress; that stopped Dean in his tracks. “Dean? Where do you think you’re going? I don’t trust him” Cas murmured, that sent Dean and Sam for a loop. Dean’s though process were along the lines of
So instead he went back to thinking off Cas, his smile, his scent when they were tied and the way his eyes looked when he was staring at Dean; especially when he though the Omega didn’t know he was looking, so fully and completely in love that it scared him the first time he noticed.
Dean heard a voice, it wasn’t that disgusting asshole Michael, then it clicked it was his Alpha “Cas!” he screamed attempting to turn as see his saviour and Alpha. The movement caused another load to shoot out of Cas “Dean sweetheart please don’t move” he cooed once his aftershocks had subsided.
Thinking quickly there was only one thing to do to help get Dean out of this compulsion episode “Hush sweetheart, you did well.” he started, not caring that he was in a corridor next to his head of security – not one bit. The utterance was met by a little hum so Cas continued “you’re okay, you’re okay. You’re here I’m here. You did so well” another hum this one a bit longer as slightly higher pitched “Good job Dean, good job” Cas finished. He was rubbed his cheek into Dean’s neck; witch had the effect of relaxing the Omega even more in his arms sighing contently.
Cas let a little of his Alpha out. “Because you are mine! And I am yours” he growled, sounding a little more angry now. He sounded as if as if he had gargled on gravel and small animal bones. His eyes showing a little more crimson around the edges.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas smiled again moving slightly closer his arms coming up to hold him close “Love you my omega” he rumbled into his omega’s hair
He thought to himself. That had two answers; firstly he was pacing in the bedroom; secondly he was ignoring his Omega, his Dean. Dean had brought a collar and he had ran away. Rationally he tried to tell himself that Dean had no idea what collars mean back home, but, that didn’t help him with his inner Alpha who was currently screaming at him to get back in there to comfort and collar his mate. His Omega, his everything.
His mother stood and smiled at him “Castiel I am heartened that you have returned from America” her voice warm and welcoming. Though she didn’t leave the desk she was sat at.
Dean – well Dean’s Omega – was not impressed with the Alpha forestalling his clean-up operation growled slightly and grunted out “Alpha” in a tone that brooked no obstruction or opposition. Cas wisely judged that he best not interfere with the Omega’s will. He decided to instead talk to Dean’s inner omega instead “hello Omega” he said as Dean went back to licking up their mess. “Why are you cleaning me up like this hey?” he asked not really expecting and answer. He was shocked when a moment later the Omega had grabbed him by the hair and forced eye contact, shocked yes, annoyed not on your life.
more old-fashioned than the rest of them, but he’d cross that bridge when they came to it.
“Yes, yes he is” Dean said as he drifted off towards blissful oblivion of sleep. Cas huffed as he watched his Omega drift off into sleep. He watched as all the lines on Dean’s face relaxed; he watched as Dean gave little huffs and murmurs in his sleep; he watched as the hours passed something inside of him not letting him pull his eyes away from his Dean his beloved. It wasn’t until maybe two or three o’clock in the morning that he felt Dean move slightly surfacing from his slumber “Alpha?” he spoke voice full of sleep moving closer towards Cas.
The shopping had been uneventful that was until he was heading out to the car park. Get back into baby and head home that was until he heard it that voice “Hey, pretty Omega” the voice came and an instant shiver ran up Dean’s spine, that voice belonged to Alastair a total slim ball who treated Omega’s as less then human.
“Sam, Dean I’m hope and I’ve brought a guest for you two to meet” John shouted as he walked through the front door. Dean came running up and fell to his knees as he has always done, well since he presented as Omega that was. Long ago when Mary was alive his dad was kind and gentle, that all changed when she went missing and he presented.
“Hey handmaiden, how are we feeling?” she cooed towards him, she had given that nickname to him whilst they were playing in the house’s armour room when she had mentioned that she liked to LARP.
“So Sweetheart, that’s the house what do you think?” Cas ultimately asked, after he had been caught glancing over again.
they were specifically made to help omegas after being knotted “and I got this as well” placing the ornate wooden box on the counter top.
Not knowing what to say Dean decided to keep his mouth shut. After a few moments of reverie Amara spoke again “Dose he make you happy?”
Eventually when Cas returned home it was late – well so late it was actually early, but who was counting. He couldn’t sleep, the car journey had returned to the front of his mind with full force. Sitting in his office he turned on his laptop and navigating to skype clicking on the call button then sat back and rolled his shoulders again – why was he feeling so stiff and on edge – after a few moments a women answered she had frosty white hair and a kind smile that grew wider when she regarded her youngest brother “Castiel, it is good to see you!” to some she seemed aloof and withdrawn, but, Castiel knew different she cared deeply for her family. That included her elder brother Lucifer despite all his ‘questionable’ world view.
“Yes Alpha please Alpha” Dean cried
“sweetheart it’s amazing” the taller man spoke softly, that was exactly what Dean was hoping for he stretched upwards capturing Cas’s lips with his
“Hush sweetheart it wasn’t your fault, all is forgiven. I’ve got you now. Sleep now Dean and when you wake we’ll be back in the hotel room”
“Sam Winchester you answer that question. Now boy” John slurred drunkenly
“So” he said.
Hope you all enjoyed it
After that Dean couldn’t remember much of his heat aside from Cas giving him food and water and the occasional showers and more often knots he got.
After a few moments Lucifer simply smiled spoke and clapped his hands four times "well its about time. My little brother found someone better than that Meg girl. What do you think girls? Is Dean worthy of my youngest sibling?" They both smiled and one said "yes he is" the other continued "without a doubt"
(See the end of the chapter for
“I prefer other Alpha’s Dean-o” Gabriel helpfully supplied. The conversation became easy after that, Cas telling Gabriel about his time in the States; asking about back home as well as several other topics. Dean just feel into a happy euphoric mind-set content to be sat on his Alpha being bathed in his scent. Eventually he drifted off into a light sleep, though if you had asked him he wouldn’t know when exactly it happened.
“Trust me cher, you are the only gift his highness will ever need”
Eventually Cas spoke again softly into his ear “Are your ready?” Dean was totally curtain that if he said no Cas would send them all away and hold him close, knot him and make him feel good. But Dean was a grown-ass-man he didn’t need his Alpha to fight his battles for him, though having Cas here would defiantly help. Pulling back slightly he looked right into his Alpha’s eyes “Promise you will not leave me?” he said totally not like a whinny needy omega that was totally not wanting to stay with his Alpha.
what did we all think please comment and let me know
his inner Omega helpfully supplied. He opened his mouth to respond, then paused and tried again “I, I, I’m sorry Alpha” he cried out as the dams in his eyes broke and tears started streaming down his face.
Gabriel thought to himself smugly. Turning his head slightly so he could look up into the face of the alpha currently enveloping him. “I’m going to my room, and you’re coming with me, where you gonna to fuck me six ways to Sunday and twice on Monday” he added a little wink. He could definitely fell something long and hard against his thigh.
Benny was on duty this morning, and he had to admit that this was definitely totally abnormal to hear moans and grunts coming from Castiel's room, Gabriel definitely; Lucifer on occasion hell even Naomi once or twice. But Castiel he was a good one, he’d never just have some random Omega. He had just dismissed the chef when three individuals left the lift and approached him and the door. Standing, coughing to clear his throat “Excuse me Sirs, His Royal Highness is not seeing anyone at this time”
He had enough of Sam’s consent bs he always heard “no dean” or “I don’t think that’s a good idea” or countless other bull shit was of turning dean down. So eventually he shouted “I’ve had enough, I’m going to the shops need some whisky”
“Look” holding the paper in front of him “it’s odd to capitalise letters half way through a sentence, and more so at the end of words, no?” hand moving over the note, then it clicked inside Castiel’s mind his Alpha interpreted two words from the letter
Let me know what you think, and who you think the text was from. I promise next time there will be a bit more angst
Upon finishing the job, Dean grabbed his Alpha’s hand and placed it firmly on his lower belly. Then stated firmly “Puppy” with a big gummy smile and slid back into Cas’s arms humming quietly to himself.
“How is that Mr strong Omega?” Cas rumbled in his ear.
Dean who had been waiting by the door was itching to introduce himself to his Mates family, but Cas had said
The only thoughts that flowed through Cas was
“Yeah Oh, so answer the question Castiel” The small Omega asked; his eyes flashed up full of malice. But underneath that there was pain. Instantly his Alpha became concerned
Gabriel smiled oh tonight is going to be fun
He bellowing out in full Alpha voice “What Omega?” he started struggling with Balthazar again.
Fucking Dean trough his aftershocks Cas continued until the Omega was totally boneless. Every thrust hitting his spot. Eventually Cas’s rhythm started to become erratic and his knot started to swell. “Dean, Dean can I?” he breathed starting to feel slight panic if Dean were to say no. His fears were dispelled when the Omega smiled up and said “You better” One final thrust saw Cas’s knot catch on Dean’s rim causing Dean to white out totally as Cas let out the most feral raw he ever manged as he shot load after load into HIS omega.
Then a voice cut through their quiet introspection “Sirs, I’m afraid the Omega must take his seat, in Omega class” Dean burrowed further into his Alpha’s neck. At the same moment Cas’s Alpha growled, no one was separating him from his mate especially not some plucky beta that obviously had no idea what was happing. “Alpha, no please” Dean cried, knowing that if he left Alpha he’d slip back into his panic. Then he heard a growl from the man holding him “No my Omega will stay here with me, thank you”
“But Alpha”
Upon seeing his Omega present Cas’s Alpha went absolutely nuts. no sweet and special sex now. Now was about the claim, about Dean understanding that he was Cas’s and no one else’s ever. Cas ran his fingers between Dean’s cheeks to collect some slick rubbing it upon his length, sending a growl through him and a shiver though the Omega.
“Dean, Dean you’ve gotta wake up” it’s that voice, Dean could get drunk on that voice; he’d do anything just to hear it. Obviously he’d never tell Sam that; maybe he will not even tell Cas.
That made Dean’s omega swell with delight, he could do that he could cum on his alpha’s cock and make him proud to have Dean as his. But unfortunately wanting something no matter how desperately doesn’t always make it happen. Despite desperately wanting to cum on Cas’s cock he couldn’t he needed just a little more. He let out the tiniest whimper and even through his haze Cas sensed this “Omega, help?”
Only to be interrupted by his mother’s waving hand forestalling his sentence “Yes I can see that, he’s wearing you collar…” she said with a smile gesturing towards Dean’s neck. “Why don’t you tell me how you two met? Gabriel was a little lax on details, when we last spoke. Apparently he’s become quite smitten with an Alpha over there” rolling her eyes at the last part.
Hey lovelies, i'm so sorry to leave you waiting. i'm back to work now so.
Charlie had been dreaming of nothing in particular slowly waking up, today was supposed to be her day off to spend with her Dorothy an equally strong willed and slightly insane Alpha and her mate. What she hadn’t expected to be woken by an apoplectic Dean storming into her room and a concerned Benny hot on his heels. The former was frantic pacing the room mumbling something about leaving and getting away. The latter held back by the doorway, maybe forestalling any attempt of Dean leaving without his best friend. Taking a minute to wake herself up fully and deciding that rather than try – and most likely fail – to calm the extremely upset Omega she’d take charge of the situation as Dorothy always said she was the one in charge.
They both drifted off thinking about the other, not caring about what tomorrow will bring. What neither realised was across the city at the same time question was being asked, by a very drunk John winchester to a slightly drunk Sam winchester
“Bit me Cas!” the instant he said it he saw the whole domineer of his Alpha change.
“Yes. Mine. I. Yous” Cas huffed between impacts. Dean smiled to himself his tight hole had successfully reduced his eloquent well-mannered Alpha to single word sentence. That was certainly having an effect on the Omega, he could fell Cas’s cock striking his sweet spot over and over again. They both knew that they wouldn’t last long at this rate.
Hope you enjioied this chapter. next one coming soonish
“Yes” Dean said without thought.
“Knot for me Alpha! Now!” the omega ordered his voice a growl, like he gargled on gravel. Cas’s knot swelled and locked in place pumping Dean full of his cum “Deeeeean” he cried out. His vision whiting out for what could be a  moment or hours he couldn't tell. He felt Dean’s release against his chest and chin knowing his Omega had just cummed so hard from his knot gave him a sense of pride. Eventually after a few minutes Dean came back to himself “bloody hell Cas that was intense” he breathed heavily.
“Not yet” he confirmed
“I am yours Alpha!” the omega growled as he pulled himself up then slammed back down hard “You hear that!” moving back up “Your collared omega! Yours” then slamming himself back down. Successfully forcing all of the higher brain functions out of the near helpless Alpha.
They spent a few minutes catching their breath, that was until Cas spoke “So sweetheart how you feeling?” he asked coming down to kiss Dean’s forehead as his hands started rubbing cycles over Dean’s stomach suddenly a thought occurred to him
“’m not a sweetheart” Dean grunted out, though judging by the slight pur coming from the Omega’s chest he absolutely loved the turm. Cas just smiled to himself that this wilful strong Omega is here now with him “Sure whatever you say sweetheart” he cooed into Dean’s ear.
“Very well brother. I saw Dean at the local shops, he was being assaulted by another Alpha, I intervened and took him home.”
“Good sweetheart” Michael said as he sat back awaiting the hotel to come into view and that was it, it wasn’t the fact that they had grabbed him or even that they had threatened Sammy, it was this low life knot-head calling him ‘sweetheart’ Cas’s term or endearment that truly made Dean made become angry, but, Dean was smart there’s no way he could fight off two Alpha’s
this time when Dean tried to slip out he managed it – barely – standing between two Alpha’s was never a good idea but again Dean is one stubborn SoB. Pointing an accusing finger at Sam “How dear you come running out of the house because what a strange man was helping when you couldn’t or wouldn’t?” that was meant by Sam’s downcast eyes and Cas purring smugly.
Elsewhere in the hotel, Balthazar was packing to head home finally, Charlie was playing an online game on her computer and Sam and Gab where happily holding each other slowly walking up. When all four herd it, the howl that came from the top floor that seemed to have shaken the world to its core. The howl of a wounded Alpha so deep and full of pain. That other Alpha guests checked on their mates and pups then held them close. For only the truest pain could make a howl like that.
“GUYS” she shouted; again no response
Suddenly the all-consuming urge came over the Omega
“Oh course, whatever you need to feel safe, come here” he said opening his arms, only to be filled with Dean a moment later, who moved his head down to the right to show his neck. Cas pulled the collar down, took one sniff a lick and having found the correct spot bit down hard. Dean instantly went lip in his lap all anxiety fled from him he was safe his Alpha was here “Ohhh, thankkkk you.” he cried out, not caring how load he was being or about the other passengers. Though a few looked over many realised that it was a private moment between the pair and went back to their own conversations or books
Cas set a punishing pace, each jolt pushing the Omega closer and closer to his orgasm “That’s it baby, Good omega” he growled out hearing Dean moan oh so sweetly at the end, that gave him and idea. He ran his hand up Dean’s spine “Your so good Dean!” another oh then paused “My good Omega” followed by another oh. Dean was getting closer
Slowly he swung his head around he saw him the Alpha from inside his head, his blue eyes. But he wasn’t in his mind anymore.
or something equally as sappy Dean secretly love it when Cas did that.
Castiel decided that he’d personally give his Omega the tour of the house. He showed him all the rooms plus the bedrooms and a room opposite theirs which he fondly smiled and said it was for their pups, for some reason the Alpha smelt like pure pride and happiness. Then he walked dean into the Master Bedroom, it was larger than the entreaty of the penthouse back in the states with a walk in wardrobe and en-suite bathroom that was simply huge.
Knowing he’d have to prepare himself and Dean he decided it was best to get the Omega home then inform him that they would he hosting soon; knowing the Omega Dean would want to cook something himself in an attempt to make the best impression possible. The only thing he hoped was that Lucifer wouldn’t say anything about Samandriel.
standing up and following Alastair towards his car fighting every step.
Suddenly bright blue eyes were looking straight in the eye
After a few tense seconds Cas spoke quiet and evenly “Who am I? Who are you? Dean didn’t mention that he lived with an Alpha” both sets of eyes shot down to the man in his arms. Sam’s for a brief second Cas’ for a handful more.
“Up to him mother”
That caught Dean off guard surly he would be asked if he made Cas happy not the other way around? Amara judged by the look on the young Omega’s face he was confused “simple question lovely, dose he make you happy?”
Cas was expecting to have Officer Mills knock at their door, maybe it was earlier than he though, but better now than never. Standing he leaned in close to Dean and whispered “hey sweetheart don’t worry, how about you get dressed and meet us in the sitting room okay babe?” Dean smiled and nodded trotting off towards the bedroom, Cas
he thought to himself. Getting up and throwing on some boxers; he heading out to the kitchen. They had arrived back at the hotel almost five days ago; the next time Dean woke he was totally lost to the heat. The heat itself had been amazing he got to look after his Omega and he got to knot him over and over again. Well that was at least from his perspective it was amazing; he hoped it was at least equally as pleasurable for Dean.
Sticking to his guns Cas smiled again let in so he was a few inches away from Dean’s ear and spoke even more softly “Not tonight sweetheart, tonight were going to spoon okay?” kissing Dean’s temple as a promise.
“What like this?” Cas said as he rolled his hips again. Dean dropped his head backwards moaning loudly, felling the intense pleasure coming from the knot to the point it was almost painful; his every nerve was a musical instrument and Cas was the master conductor. “Yes, you assbut stop it” the omega groaned.
the Omega thought to himself all the while trying to ignore the thrusting Alpha above him that was most definitely getting to leak. Dean decided to try again “Cas!” he said again nothing the Alpha pushed his legs further apart “Alpha” he tried sending a desperate prayer skyward. Thankfully that worked.
“Will you present for me? or would you prefer face-to-face sweetheart?” Cas rumbled into his ear.
Dean smiled “Oh he’s back, good. I do like sweet Cas” he paused, hearing the massive intake of breath he quickly added “that’s not to say I don’t love big scary alpha Cas as well”
Unfortunately stood outside the room was the police liaison officer was stood outside one Jody Mills. Cas growled low in his throat “Move” the heightened Alpha aggression in his voice was having an affect oh his Omega who started to purr softly trying to calm his mate.
his Alpha wasn’t pleased that but he really needed to think, talk to his father and sister before he’ll cross that particular bridge, later. Right now he had to distract Dean deciding to inform his omega about the visit from Lucifer’s visit later on in the week.
he stared breathing hard panic flooding his sent and face,
“Good, good. Let’s head back before Castiel sends a search party” the smile they shared reminded Dean of his own mother, before John had told them that she had left them.
“Sweetheart please focus, do you want us to heat mate?” the Alpha hoped the answer would be yes, but he’d back Dean up either way. The Omega drew on the last of his remaining higher brain functions “I you remember” he murmured into his mate’s neck, breathing in his scent. Cas thankfully understood.
“Yes sweetheart, without a second thought”
Cas was in, he had to find Dean. Following his nose he went through the house up the stairs right to the bedroom that stank of Omega in heat and sickening scent of Alpha arousal. Slamming through the door he looked seeing Michael over Dean; the Alpha forcing the smaller Omega in to a presentation posture both naked as the day they were born. He saw red.
“I’m Dean Winchester, Omega Consort to the Duke of Wessex” Dean said formally as Jody started making notes. He knew that Cas loved it when he used his full title.
thanks all for bearing with me, I'm sorry its taken me this long to get the next chapter out.
After a few moments – which could have been hours for all Cas cared – he finally unclamped his jaw and released his Omega; his rough tough coming out to cleaning the reopened wound. Dean was lip totally supported by his Alpha. Cas judged that this conversation shouldn’t be done in the bathroom. Picking Dean up, he carried him towards the bedroom. He heard a soft whipper when he placed Dean down on the bed. Making a snap he picked his Omega up and held him like a new born pup in his arms, one arm under his neck the other under his knees forcing Dean’s eyes on him.
“Love you to sappy Alpha”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes baby, cum” he growled out in full Alpha voice. Hearing and felling Dean cum; spraying his load all over the bed beneath them made Cas fall over the edge with him, his mouth finding bite clamping down hard renewing the bite and claim on Dean; whilst he knot inflated locking them together.
What did you guys think? I wanted to make it like Dean was having trouble hopefully it worked. please comment and let me know :)
he didn’t have time for his fagot of a son to interfere right now. He was apoplectic when Michael when he told him the truth about Sam, but it made sense he supposed.
Once inside Cas could smell the residual panic and stress that clung to Dean a smell that he couldn’t quite get rid of, so he decided that he would run a wonderful bath for the tiered and stressed out Omega. Heading towards the bathroom, he set the bath to run whilst he nudged the beautiful Omega in his arms “Sweetheart, I’m going to run you a bath then I will put you to bed. We’ll talk in the morning. That okay with you?”
“Because he’s my mate I don’t lie to him” The growl that came from his chest showed how much he and his Alpha hated the idea of lying to anyone especially Dean. He could remember his mother and father telling him what was expected of him, at least until he decided on a mate of his own.
Michael bellowed back in full Alpha voice. His hands coming to land around his neck. Thinking quickly,
didn’t watch Dean go, the way his ass poked out absolutely not.
oh what will Cas, do next?
Michael growled in his Alpha voice, grabbing Dean’s ass and pulling him close.
So I've been gone a while sorry about that 😕😟
“let go sweetheart, that’s it cum for me” Cas growled out as he brought Dean to his orgasm feeling the Omega go a little limp and pliant in his lap. As he painted Cas’s naked torso with his seed. The sight of Dean coming undone brought him over the edge a moment later mixing his own seed with the Omega’s. He made a mental note to clean out the car personally later, if he were Gabriel or Lucifer he’d leave it.
Naomi smiled and went back to her newspaper opening it up and as she did so she called after the retreating Omega “Good man, I hope our next meeting will be under far nicer circumstances” though weather Dean had heard her could be anyone’s guess, he was focused on a mission. He ran though the hall’s heading towards the courtyard when he heard it, the unmistakable sound of the Bentley sports car he had seen the day he arrived at Castiel’s. He didn’t think twice he started running towards the car.
All the tension flowed out of Dean, he was safe warm and loved; his Alpha was here. “Great got some good plugs” he said as he pulled out the packet of
Cas indeed understood. He placed Dean on the sink counter pulling off the Omega’s shirt then helping him out of his trousers and boxers, throwing all on the floor - house keeping would deal with that. Dean smiled up at him, the look in his almost totally golden eyes one of total affection and trust. Cas lent down placing a quick kiss on his forehead and then went about getting out of his own clothes. Dean decided that he would help Cas with this monumental effort of getting undressed leaning forwards hands extended. Cas simply smiled and told the Omega that tonight was about him and he could manage taking his clothes off.
“Stop interrupting! Later he came to me spent the night in the morning we mated and that’s all you need to know” Cas finished his story in a very matter of fact way, as he pulled down his collar to revel Dean’s bite.
Once he was only wearing his boxers, he was just about to slide into the bath when the cheeky Omega decided he’d give it one more try to get the Alpha naked.
love you all stay safe
“Oh, come now pretty Omega, I don’t mean you any harm. What do you say come back to mine and choke on my knot?” the sly smile that appeared on his face made Dean’s blood boil
Sam bent down on one knee “Dean, Run I will keep them busy. for tonight, run Dean” his whispered into his ear
The next morning
The rest of their visit went well the four falling into easy conversation, mostly centred around Dean and his aspirations and expectations. Cas finally spoke up, telling his mother and farther that there would be plenty of time for questions later
Cas and Dean's night
The a few days later, a small room across the estate the Staff’s hall.
“What why?” the concern edged with confusion this time
“I DON’T KNOW, HE’S GONE! I DON’T NEED YOUR HELP DAD” he shouted load, Alpha voice full forcing out every single syllable. He heard a rustling and a growl on the other end of the phone, then another voice came across but instead of the well-mannered voice of his father it was the forceful voice of his Mother “Castiel, I understand your upset but you will not talk to your Father in such a manner. Now listen here I’ve just received word from Naomi they’ve just arrived at hers. I suggest you calm yourself and go get him” he didn’t hear the rest of the conversation throwing the phone to the Beta opposite him and running out of the room hearing a “I’m sorry Ma’am he’s gone” and a “Yes, he is sometimes” – probably his mother telling the Beta that he was a moron or some such thing.
“Not yet baby” he cooed downwards. Still walking towards the exit, the smile on his lips falling away. Dean on the other hand didn’t care where he was happy right where he was snuggling close and closing his eyes again. “Okay I sleep till then?” The Omega murmured.
I'm sorry I've been gone so long. but I'm back now so hopefully posting more regularly. Thank you all so much for sticking with me <3<3
Dean huffed and let out a small laugh “Because I’ve been vomiting Cas” he said whilst rolling his eyes the easy smile creeping back onto his face. Cas was convinced but for some reason his Alpha wasn’t in fact it was even more persistent that they look after their Omega. Right now though his Dean needed him, and trying to figure out what his alpha was on about wasn’t high on the list of priorities. picking the Omega up he headed back to his seat mumbling “yeah I’m sure that’s it”
“Dean?” his voice full of fear. moving his hands down the omega checking that there were no major scratches he caused whilst he was lost to his Alpha.
Charlie was right Cas would loved a cooked meal after a long day at work “Oh hell yeah”
Dean froze he hadn’t expected that, he got a little worried about the answer. As an Omega he had little rights in a traditional relationship, but, they were anything but traditional. He hadn’t said anything for a few minutes prompting Cas to speak again “What do you want to happen next?”
And that was it, something about holding his crying omega made all the anger fly out of Cas at Mack-10 “Dean please tell me what caused it” he cooed downwards rubbing his thumbs against his cheeks whipping away the stray tears. Dean just whimpered softly secretly he loved being held like this, but he could never tell Alpha that, could he?
“I will talk to him how I please” the Michael grunted
He loved that Alpha and hoped he get here in time.
“As you are now mated to Cas, the protocols are quite clear Cher. We are to protect you as well” the captain added. He had a southern accent was quite strong. Dean looked straight into his Alpha’s eyes and saw that there was no snowballs chance in hell that he’d convince him that he didn’t need a bodyguard let alone two. Sighing he resigned himself that sometimes Cas would know best “Okay Cas, it’s obvious I aren’t going to be able to convince you”
“no you look at me, dude calm down!” Dean all but shouted grabbing his head forcing him to look at Dean. That seemed to work snapping Cas out of his Alpha’s hold, his eyes clear and he looks directly at Dean right in the eyes, the red diminishing slowly.
"Yes you seen Castiel here" Lucifer gestured to him "has always had trouble with his Alpha being too pliant. In my opinion, so I wanted to see if he'd be willing to go against me for you" and as he paused he smiled again but this time instead of being disturbing it was simply pleased with the nights events. "I'm glad my little brother's found you Dean" the evening ended quietly and a few hours later with Lucifer embracing Castiel and shaking Dean's hand formally. As Dean watched their car retreat he felt Cas's hand come up and place on his neck "let's go to bed sweetheart?"
“C, C, Cassssss” Dean groaned again against the hand keeping him down pressed firmly in between his shoulders blades, somehow he was face down on the bed. Well not somehow Cas had carried him though the house basically ripped of his clothes thrown him on the bed and went to town. That was maybe 20 minutes; maybe an hour ago he really couldn’t tell anymore.
“Dean Sweetheart, he was only engaged to Samandriel because our parents arranged it almost three decades ago now. You see an ancient and quite frankly archaic law says that the youngest Alpha male son of the monarchy must be engaged.” the older omega explained, and despite himself Dean could see the resemblance now even more, her explaining remedied him so much of his misbegotten Alpha back home.
“Baby stop, I’m fine that was amazing and I for one would love to do that again someday” Dean said as he snuggled back into the Alpha’s hold.
“As mother says” he started, finished quickly by his sister “Nothing can be fixed after 2am, sleep and water is best; for tomorrow is the battle” she smiled at him and disconnected the call. He’d be talking to her again without a shadow of a doubt. Shutting down his laptop he made his way to the master bedroom shrugging off his uniform and crawling into bed alongside the sleeping Omega already snoring quietly, a second later Dean rolled over throwing an arm across his body pulling him close hearing a slight satisfied huff come from the sleeping man. And finally, finally the knot in his shoulders relaxed, Naomi was right the challenges and battles to come weren’t tonight and he would need all the sleep he could get. Drifting off listening to the sound of a content Omega’s breathing to lull him to sleep.
Cas smiled “Do you want me to be?” he rumbled
Eventually he groaned out “Alpha I?”
“Now how about you knot your newly collared Omega, hey alpha?” Dean cooed up to his alpha, smiling evilly he knew that Cas was going to knot him as soon as he walked in here, but Cas had to get with the program.
Cas lent forward and kissed his temple “yes sweetheart, I didn’t forget I just thought that you might not want that being passed on to my brother and through him my mother” sniffing slightly getting lost in Dean’s scent. Gabriel coughed and broke the spell between the two, he lent forward and offered his hand to Dean “Pleasure to meet you, I’m Cassie’s much better looking older brother Gabriel Novak the Duke of Cambridge”
Goodbye
I’d have been far more understanding”
Dean found his voice again after slumping down into the chair "wait? What?"
Dean smiled accepting the hand shake “Um, hi I’m Dean Winchester Omega Consort to the Duke of Wessex” glancing at Cas to make sure he had used the title right, only to be met by Cas usual Blue eyes turned a deep strong Red and a strong purr coming from his chest.
almost whispered but it might have well as been shouted, by the time he realised it he was already on his knees.
Cas pulled him back into his all-encompassing hug “okay, I’m sorry Cas. I don’t know why I was picking a fight” Dean barely managed to mumble into the taller man’s shoulder. The whole time taking in his scent.
“Bet it does feel good” the Alpha cooed into Dean’s ear, starting to move his hands a little faster. Up and down, totally focused on the Omega before him.
Sam smiled, he and dean always had this no matter where they went “Oh we’re not mated, we’re brothers”
Cas on the other had was on cloud 9, this head strong Omega had bitten his mating gland and not just bitten he had punctured it. Leaning down he sniffed out Deans and bit hard completing the bond between them; causing them both to cum again hard.
Turning towards his room he glanced over his shoulder “Major, Dean’s staying the night. We are not to be disturbed” and walked briskly into his room closing the door with his heal of his foot, all without wanting or needing a response from Balthazar. Leaving the stunned British beta looking after them; he shrugged and muttered to himself “When in Rome” cancelling the alert to his men.
Then the name that went with it was Castiel, his Cas, his Alpha!
“Omega” Cas tried one last time, his alpha wasn’t going to let this continue much longer. “I told you to BITE ME!” the Omega shouted attempting to throw the larger man off him. From one breath to the next Dean was span around collar pulled down and his mating gland was bit hard. Suddenly all the fight in him fled his whole body became limp; he all but felt into total submission. His inner Omega loving the feeling of his Alpha’s teeth on him, combine that with being crowded against a wall and his instincts were starting to take over.
again he bearded his neck to this absolute despot, this scum. Alastair bent down to take a good sniff from Dean’s sent gland
“What do you mean baby?” Cas said felling his soul break into two.
“Alpha knot” he confirmed smiling evilly to himself, just as he slipped in to his Omega, his hand coming down grabbing a hold of the Omega’s neck and the other pulling his head back so he could grumble into his ear “how’s that feel sweetheart”
Dean swallowed “Um, where are we going?” he asked quietly keeping his eyes downcast.
“Dean?” he asked the Alpha in his voice strong and needy at the same time.
Changing the topic seemed to have worked. Dean decided he would have to remember that for future. Cas started “Firstly and most importantly you are my mate; my day and night, the light of my life” he paused smiling to himself Dean thought he could play him like a fiddle, this time he decided to indulge the omega he continued “Secondly technically your official title would be the omega consort to the Duke of Wessex heir to my estates and master of the keys”
Hey lovelies, only a few more chapters to go until the end. Might do a sequel if that's something you guys would want let us know :)
despite his denial about that term he had to agree with his Omega’s sentiment. He went to apologise for everything but as soon as he opened his mouth a wet sop escaped – looks like Cas calling him sweetheart hit him harder than he thought.
Cas chuckled “Yeah sweetheart it’s me” Dean could hear the smile in that voice, but he also sounded tired and slightly rough. A little “Oh Alpha” except his mouth as he started kissing and licking every part of Cas that was reachable; all the while purring softly to himself. His inner Omega was running the show for the moment
Instantly he heard his voice “NO, NO, NO NONONO” he heard a growl “Alastair I suggest you leave before I rip your head off and present it to this Omega that you’ve obviously traumatised” then there was a smile and arms coming down to pick him up. He tensed was it Alastair that was picking him up. “Hush Omega, my name is Castiel and I’m going to take you home” placing Dean in the back of baby he slid himself into the front and started the engine “now can you tell me your name? and where you live?”
Instantly Dean responded “I want to be with you!” well that was a definitive answer he thought to himself. Cas smiled and plated up their breakfast “Okay sweetheart. Is that here in the states or back in England?” he said as he placed the feast of a breakfast in front of his Omega. His inner Alpha was ecstatic when Dean started to eat, his slight smile and little moan made getting up at the crack of dawn worth it. The way Dean’s collar moved when he swallowed, made the Alpha inside Cas preen with delight.
(See the end of the chapter for
The next morning
“Oh a text, well bloody hell! That’s why you woke me? A text?” he was getting a bit annoyed that was until he felt Cas rubbing cycles on his hand. Surprising how a simple gesture could calm him so easily.
Suddenly it all made sense, Cas’s reaction upon seeing the collar, then the Alpha running off into the bedroom “So when I just got myself one”
“Empty Alpha!” Dean cried, he hurt he needed a Knot to take the pain away.
his inner Omega whinnied. He slid into the seat next to Cas intertwining his fingers with the strange well-mannered brit “What Sam? What is it? What’s wrong” by the look on his brothers’ face it wasn’t good.
“Please Captain Lafitte, we’re just here to see the Omega”
“That was the ‘something amazing’ wasn’t it sweetheart” Castiel asked, his voice edged even more into joyful. As he fully turned towards his Omega who was by now fully engrossed with this his lap, purposely not making eye contact with the Alpha. “Yeah, sorry if your upset or something” Dean mumbled out.
Upon hearing his Omega in distress Cas instantly pulled over on the side of the road and turned to face the other man in the car “Sweetheart, breath.” Cas voice rolled out as he reached out a hand, stopped and pulled it back slightly. The last thing he wanted to do was force Dean to be touched, but, he still wanted to offer physical contact to his Omega. Dean tentatively reached out and wrapped his hand around Cas’s – only now did he notice that his hand was small compared to the other mans. The movement caused Cas to rumble approvingly “Good boy. Now what is it you wanted to say I’m all ears Sweetheart” he continued once Dean had taken a few deep breaths. He could almost taste Cas’s contentment he could say anything, ask anything and his – yes his! – Alpha would move mountains to get it done
Eventually they arrived at the Palace and were escorted to his parents day rooms, the Royal Warden introduced them his voice monotone, but even still Castiel recognised it anywhere good old William he had worked for his family for decades he could remember running through these halls William playing with them, hiding them from the nannies, he even allowed Gabriel to sneak the odd ‘guest’ into and out of the Palace. “Your Royal Highnesses, Castiel Novak Duke of Wessex, Heir to the estate and master of the keys. And his intended mate Dean Winchester”
Either the Alpha would smile and he’d be in, or he’d tell Gabriel to shove his knot up his ass. But the only true way to find out is to try. The other Alpha smiled “Maybe if you buy me a drink and give me your name. You’d be presently surprised what you get”
As it turns out being away from his detail didn’t land him in good books with Major Balthazar his head of security whilst he was in the United States; but even Balthazar had to adamant that it was totally Cas to help some random omega. Unfortunately being told he had to leave by said Omega had meant that he went into a bit of a downward spiral unable to focus on anything. The Actual reason for their visit to Lawrence was to attend the medical conference on cardo-thoracic surgical techniques.
“And if I refuse?” Dean asked.
It was hands down the best night sleep Dean had ever had ever. He snugged closer to the Alpha at his back humming to himself “hum Cas you awake?” the half asleep voice making him sound as if he gargled on gravel.
They sat there for a moment until Dean opened his eyes and slid off Cas’s lap and started to lick up their combined cum off Cas’s body. “Dean? What are you doing?” Cas’s voice was washed out and a little rough from his orgasm. The omega glanced up his eyes totally zoned out, his inner Omega was in total control at the moment. “Sweetheart you don’t have to do that” he said quietly his hand coming down to move Dean’s chin up so they could lock eyes.
“That a request or an order Mr. Strong Omega?” Cas asked the smile growing bigger on his face.
If Dean was that far gone Cas would definitely have to wait till morning to even attempt a more complex conversation. Well that is if he didn’t want every answer to any and every question to be yes. Some Alpha’s would use this state to take advantage; Cas was most certainly not that type of Alpha “Oh my sweet Omega you have had a hard time have you not?” Dean just nodded and hummed to himself.
“its from a man called Sweetheart” she started, the OR went into a chorus of ohhs and ahhs. Cas didn’t mind he was focused on the current challenge before him. In fact he was so focused that if it wasn’t for Gedrell the surgeon opposite him – and his friend from Med School – clearing his throat and chastising him for not asking was it said immediately he wouldn’t have asked. Sighing to himself he rolled his shoulders and spoke softly “What does it say please?”
then turned and smiled “Can I help you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’d leave your home for me?” the Omega asked.
“Cas?” he cried out. He throw himself towards the Alpha, who luckily managed to grab him bridle style and headed out the room; ensuring that the eyes of the Omega were on him of course there was no need for Dean to see the bloody carcass of his attacker.
❤💙💚💛💜🧡
They finally ended up outside on the veranda overlooking the simply beautiful view of the river and its basin. The chef a wonderful Beta called Pamela, who had smiled and whispered to Dean that it was a pleasure to meet him and if he needed anything all he need do is ask, had prepared them a mid-day meal no surprises to his Alpha; Dean had asked for burgers. Between smiling and watching the world roll bye the pair talked about nothing in particular yet even still Dean noticed that once or twice he’d catch Cas watching him, not in a creepy way but way more focused than the Alpha would ordinarily be which is saying a lot for the Alpha.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean monad again his hands slipping down losing their grip, he groaned for a moment at the loss of contact. That was until he felt his Alpha’s hands come down gripping his little Omega cock tightly. His eyes shot open looking up into Cas’s “Casssss” he was nearing the edge of the abyss. And Cas knew exactly how to push him over that particular edge.
So what do we all think? told you cas was a gentlemen. I promise the next chapter will have some smut in it, i've updated the tags so that'll give you guys some hints ;)
“Bloody hell Castiel, how have you managed to get yourself in this situation” she asked. Then after a moment continued “it’ll be better to hear it from you no? Rather than our spiteful older brother” Logically he knew she was correct, but logic be dammed when it was matters of the heart.
I know i said i wouldn't upload till Monday, but i finished the Chapter and figured you guys wouldn't complain so :) here you go
“Yeah sweetheart I know” Cas just held him for a few moments. That was until there came a buzz from the intercom. “Your highness, the police are here”
“Cassie, I’m sorry but your Alpha’s talking too much”
Eventually the plane was nearing the airport in England, unfortunately Dean’s anxiety was back at full force though he didn’t say anything to his Alpha. That was until he looked out the window – in hindsight that was a hilariously bad idea – as he saw the ground coming towards them. Cas had be preparing his notes on the conference to give to his colleges when he got back to work even though he had met his mate he still had a job to do.
He ran though the room and saw the collar “
Dean wasn’t totally that far gone to realise that an almost foot long cock was soon going to be inside him. “It’s big” he murmured avoiding eye contact.
Cass pulled back first to lean back into the chair, causing dean to follow tucking his head underneath Cas’s chin, already drifting off to sleep. Apparently the day’s events were catching up with him quicker than he though. Cas simply smiled and pulled Dean closer whispering “Hush now I’ve got you” but by the time he had finished the sentence Dean was already fast asleep.
The man walked up quickly and spoke loudly “To Cas” as he tried to move past and open the door. It was obvious he was out of breath and had ran quite a distance. Then muttered the ‘To Cas’ again, and then again. It was almost like a mantra. Balthazar smiled put on his best empathetic face and spoke evenly but not harshly “His Royal Highness is not seeing anyone at the moment, my apologies”
I don't plan to write a chapter a day but i finished this one early so here you go
Balthazar arrived first. He was operating on instinct as he bounded up the stairs, not wanting to waste time waiting for the elevator. He had already contacted the team placing them all on high alert, even the local police liaison officer one Jody Mills had even been informed. The order was simple Find and Protect. He knew that he should have left a guard outside the door, but Novak had insisted that they should all pack ready to head home. He smashed through the door gun up scanning the room for potential threats.
Dean snorted “yeah I bet” then started to chuckle.
Suddenly Cas had a target, and location. He took off running straight out the door, he ran faster than he ever did in the past, not caring about the others in the room only caring about one thing
Eventually when it was extremely early in the morning when Sam finally finished telling his story and just before he fell asleep he whimpered out “Will you be here when I wake up” without even thinking Gabriel whispered back quietly into the night “I promise kitten that no matter what, I will be there. Oh and my name is Gabriel” but if Sam heard him was anyone’s guess as he was already fast asleep.
Even though he had just been knotted to the Alpha, Dean still found this far to embracing to even comprehend “Alpha?” trying to convey his unwillingness to talk about something so intimate. Cas hushed him “I’m a Doctor remember baby” pulling Dean into a hug. Instinctively Dean’s arms came up to hold his Alpha; matted biology compelled him to hold his Alpha close.
“Promise you still love me” the Omega said as he started to fall into the dark embrace of sleep.
“Well to be honest, Castiel is more likely to say bugger it all and chase after you; forget title, forget duty. Everything he has, everything he’s got is nothing compared to you” Naomi said, as they heard the first few drops of rain hit the window.
this is the last chapter this week/weekend, honest to god 🤣
' hey sue him his Alpha is showing his dominance there are somethings so hard wired into him that nothing would stop it, and Castiel getting all protective and persuasive is definitely one of them.
“Yeah, we need to stop by the Omega store”
“How could I stop?” the question was genuine; sincere and honest.
“Cas” Dean hummed quietly, that only brought another growl; even more sniffing and a slight thrust from Cas’s hips. locking eyes with the Omega Dean could see Cas’s Alpha riding high the red strong and powerful almost overwhelming the baby blue.
that voice sent another shiver down his spine, but unlike Alastair’s it wasn’t revulsion. Sending the Omega into a bit of an internal crisis which Alpha to listen too. Eventually after what could have been hours or minuets dean couldn’t be curtain. “N, n”
“Oh he told you then” she said not missing a beat.
“Now you listen here Alpha. I love you. More than anything, maybe even Sammy. Now go to bloody sleep Alpha. Got it” removing his hand he leaned up and kissed him leaning back and looking deeply into those blue eyes. Seeing Cas smile that crooked grin of his he fell back into his arms and promptly fell back asleep. This time Cas quickly joined him being dragged down by the man in his arms.
“Take care of me? Alpha?” though he sounded a little concerned, his scent blossomed into the arousal growing slowly. That mouth-watering sweetness that Cas couldn’t get enough of.
Looking back up he saw that the brit was already naked, the soft smile telling him that Loki understood exactly what was going through his head. “You alright Kitten?” the smaller man cooed upwards. Sam put on his best I’m fine voice “yeah babe, I’m fine. Just thinking as all” the lump in his throat wasn’t going away but he could try and ignore it.
Jody held up her hands in a surrender gesture “I’m sorry Castiel, but I’m required to ask Dean” the concern evident in her voice. Suddenly both sets of eyes were on him and he realised that he had to talk a bit more about it “H, He was on top of me, he couldn’t get it in” he stammered out he felt sick like all the food in his stomach had gone off. Standing he spoke quickly and softly “I’m sorry but I’ve got to go”
But to everyone's surprise Lucifer didn't react only smiled and whispered into Abaddon's ear something bearly audible.
(See the end of the chapter for
Time seemed to slow down, all he could see was his brother looking expectantly at him tapping his immaculately clean shoe on the polished floor of the terminal building. Glancing down to the small Omega in his arms, he took a deep breath paused organised his thoughts. Then spoke quiet but firmly “Please accept my apologies brother, Dean is suffering from Jetlag and I do not wish to awaken at this time, with this many people around” he said all this hoping his brother would not wish to make a fuss in public.
I got the bug to start writing again!
Stay safe ❤❤❤❤
Dean, Charlie and Benny had arrived at Naomi’s estate, just as the weather began to turn the clouds in the sky becoming darker and more overcast. The estate itself was comparable in size to Castiel’s but the garden which was unlike her bothers which was growing all sorts of beautiful flowers and hedges, Naomi had obviously opted for a more subdued show to her guests. He was unshed into the house and escorted to what he assumed was her day rooms. “Your highness, Dean Winchester Omega Paramour to the Duke of Wessex. Naomi Novak, the Princess Royal” was announced by an extremely well dressed Beta.
he smugly thought to himself.
“Guys” she said over the shouting, predictably she got no response.
His Alpha screamed. The loss of his Omega was driving Cas into a pure instinct, to find and protect. The beta obviously noticing this held his arms up in surrender “Your Omega is in the toilet, he’s throwing up sir. I’m sorry sir” then quickly moved out of the way, it wasn’t smart to put yourself between an angry Alpha and their mate.
“Its Dean, Father” the Alpha began
Instantly Cas relaxed, in the grand scheme of things it wasn’t too bad. He smiled pulling Dean’s head back to look at him “Oh baby, it’s okay.” he cooed to the smaller man. leaning down to kiss his silly head “Tell you what once we’re done with Gabriel you head out and buy yourself some plugs, which should help” slightly scratching behind the omega’s right ear.
Looking at Cas before answering and receiving a slight nod Dean spoke "that's an understatement, I love him so much" it was only after the words had left his mouth had he realised what had just happened. Cas had told him that Lucifer would try and trick him into correcting him and thus give his older brother an excuse to exercise his authority as both Alpha and Castiel's senior.
“My intentions Sam are simple Dean is strong and independent, but I also think he needs someone to take charge sometimes. I intent to be that person. If he’ll have me that is”
his Omega grumbled. What Dean failed to realise was that Naomi could read him like a book, she knew what to say and almost what he was thinking “Omega, you listen here. I know you’re upset but do you honestly believe that Castiel is the type of person to put his Omega and future pup in this position?”
Cas nudged his nose against Deans and waited until his eyes were back locking with his, letting out a soft purr when the Omega finally had the confidence to return his gaze. “Oh no you’re my beloved, and I love you so much” his alpha was in total agreement the only thoughts going through its head were
Smiling into the kiss Dean attempted to talk around Cas’s tongue “Knot” it was a statement rather than a request or demand for his Omega knew that even in the clutches of the heat that this Alpha was his and he was Alpha’s. “Almost there Omega” Cas cooed in to his ear; they were ridding up to the penthouse in their own elevator. Though each second seemed to drag on for an hour eventually they arrived at the top floor. Cas had hoped that he wouldn’t run into any other Alpha on their way to the room, for their sake not his – the room where his Omega would nest and they’d finally complete the bond.
Dean swung his head around towards their diver “Benny?” he asked imploringly.
“Love you baby” the omega murmured back.
“You really are a sap” Gedrell barbed opposite him
Michael smiled “We’re going back to the hotel, where you will write a note and break it off with the bloody British Alpha. Then we’re going to head home and mate” Dean couldn’t help the sudden intake of breath. Thankfully Michael didn’t notice to busy looking at Dean with lustful eyes “John’s got some pills that’ll trigger your heat”
“Yeah sweetheart I’m here” both Cas and his Alpha growled in unison.
Dean had managed to sleep all the way to the hotel and made it almost to the room when he woke again, Cas had been carrying him one arm under his knees the other supporting his shoulders head resting against his neck. Dean was wrapped in Cas’s trench coat, though it wasn’t really his anymore his Omega did love that coat. Dean had gone from fitful sleep to full alertness in a nanosecond; jumping up eyes wide and fully golden “ALPHA!” he screamed as he attempted to wriggle out of the taller man’s hold. Obviously wanting Cas to chase him, fortunately Cas was ready he just held Dean tighter “Omega” he Alpha in his voice ridding high. His lips locked with his Omega’s; Dean’s mouth opening to allow his Alpha to take anything and everything he wanted.
That was until a deep resounding voice cut across his inner monologue
“How’d you know he was a He, sister?”
Alastair lent in and whispered
“Cassie” oh she’s using Gabe’s nickname. He’s going to be made to feel like a child, for only children get answered in that tone of voice “I’ve known you all your life, and women have never been how’d uncle put it “not your cup of Tea”” she continued right down to the air quotes.
“I’m better now sweetheart” he said into his Omega’s ear. They lay there quietly just holding each other waiting till Cas’s knot went down. That was until they heard the doors to the penthouse slammed open suddenly Cas instantly went tense, he was tied to his omega and he really didn't want to deal with their second unannounced and unplanned guest of the day. That was until Cas heard a voice he recognised it immediately rolling his eyes thinking
“Oh Omega come here” Cas said as he opened his arms. He saw Dean flinch towards him, halt think better of it then slink back towards the car door. “Dean that wasn’t a suggestion” he said, this time allowing a bit more Alpha voice in. Again the Omega didn’t move. so taking a deep breath he rumbled out in full Alpha voice “Omega come here, Love please” within half a second Dean was in his arms sat across his legs, both a little frustrated and very, very relived. Frustrated cause Cas used his Alpha Voice and relived cause well he was closer to his Alpha. “now here’s what happening” Castiel began, his voice returning to normal “you and me are gonna have a pup, and I’m going to love them so much, almost as much as I love you. And when you decide if you’re ready we’ll have a second and a third and maybe a forth. As many as you want to give me. And I will love them all”
“Castiel, my boy?” though he could hear his father’s voice he could also hear the concern in it too, having being contacted by a member of Castiel’s staff and not his son would do that.
Moving his hand lower he pushed it passed Dean’s trousers and boxers right to his tail bone, where he started rubbing little circles to help Dean relax – Omega’s had a pressure point that would help relax them especially when their Alpha massaged it. “Oh yes you are, you are my Sweetheart, my Omega” The slight Alpha voice causing Dean to pur ever so slightly, its like Cas’s voice and hands was a direct link to his Omega.
He lent against the door way admiring his Omega’s handiwork “Hey Sweetheart” he purred
Cas smiled Omega’s were known to become almost euphoric when the felt safe and secure epically after following the compulsion, hence the one word answers. He hummed “How about I wash your hair?” he whispered into the totally zoned out Omega.
That made Dean paused, what did Alpha mean ‘
That was not the reaction Dean had expected, his Alpha going nuts and knotting him here yes, But not staring straight at it like it had personally offended him definitely not. “Um yeah baby, did, did I do something wrong? Do you not like it?” he hesitantly said quietly into his Alpha’s arms. Unfortunately Cas wasn’t listening he suddenly dropped his arms and ran towards the bedroom, muttering to himself. Leaving a stunned Dean standing looking at his ‘surprise’ gift “Cas?” Dean almost cried after his retreating Alpha. No response was given for the retreating Alpha.
“Yes Naomi, I do” His Alpha answered for him, it wasn’t wrong but it was unexpected to hear the slight growl at the end. Looks like his inner Alpha was at least as much if not more upset with the prospect of losing Dean as he was.
He could do that, he could wait a little longer for that voice. He’d probably – definitely – do anything for that voice nodding his head he groaned out “okay Alpha, for you” though in actuality he doubted that his heat would allow him to wait much longer. But he was rewarded with a purr “Thank you sweetheart” the voice said; and that was it he’d made the voice happy and that’s all that he wanted to do right now.
“So Cas hasn’t cheated on some omega with me?” the confusion obvious in his voice. His hand straying up towards his collar, despite everything that had happened today he hadn’t taken it off – sue him, he was an idiot in love.
Suddenly it all clicked, the heightened sense of smell, his need to look after Castiel, his want to nest and protect his family all of it right down to the vomiting at the hotel and on the plane. He was pregnant and, and he ran away from his Alpha. “Oh my god, I’m gonna have a baby with someone’s who’s engaged to someone else” then a wicked and evil thought occurred to him “What if they want me to give it up and disappear” that made Naomi laugh out loud, causing his eyes to snap towards the other Omega, who tried her best to look out of sorts and apologetic “What’s so funny?” he asked.
The Alpha grunted, pulling his arms closer forcing Dean into an even smaller space. Judging by the soft O sound coming from the Omega he definitely loved that feeling “Morning sweetheart, how’d you sleep” Cas rumbled into his hair next to his ear.
The Clam before the storm
“You love me” it was a statement not a question, almost like Dean wanted to announce it.
love you all ❤❤❤❤
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas half turned and smiled holding out his hand. Dean’s heart leaped as he all but dashed across the room intertwining his fingers with the Alpha’s. The pair shared a quick glance then turned at once to Castiel’s mother, what neither registered was the half smile on Chuck’s face at the display. After a moment Cas cleared his throat an spoke “This is Dean Winchester, my Omega…”
Michael grunted. Turning his head over his shoulder “That better, John drive” he barked
“So sweetheart, Lucifer’s coming day after tomorrow.”
His inner Alpha growling out the question, Cas could swear he couldn’t understand his mate sometimes. Why would he be upset? Yet another thing he could blame on ‘John’s’ so called parenting. “Upset?! What part of you thinks I’d be upset sweetheart? I’m going to be a farther” he said, trying and failing to keep the Alpha out of his voice.
Sam blurted out almost immediately “Alpohhs” oh that made Gabriel preen he had made this tall strong Alpha was almost unintelligible. As a reward he ghosted his lips along the taller Alpha’s jaw until he reached his lips, leaning in and placing a chased kiss upon them. Sam was totally lost to the soft touches and lips of the smaller Alpha that smelt so much like sweets and honey.
Leaning forwards he kissed Dean’s forehead then his cheek and finally his open mouth. His tough was welcomed in like an old house guest; being given total access. After a few moments he broke away and rumbled out “You know I love you Dean” his Alpha riding high in his voice
“You useless bitch I’m going to make you pay for running away from me” Michael grunted. that caused dean to retreat further into Cas’s hold tucking his head away from the three Alpha’s siting opposite. “I would thank you not talk to Dean in such a manor, sirs” Cas spoke sternly but not angry he had a good rain on his Alpha
He pushed his head further into Alpha’s neck humming quietly to himself. All thoughts of where they were, where they were heading, literally everything was gone. All replaced with Cas, his beautiful Alpha. Again his Omega rambling something like
Dean’s question falling on to dead ears though, Cass’s eyes were focusing on the shorter blond man approaching them. Even though he was shorter than Cass he radiated Alpha power and control. The two women in tow behind him didn’t help matters. Cass positively didn’t want his brother to say anything especially since Dean was currently so far out of it to that he couldn’t even string a coherent sentence together.
“How you feeling sweetheart?” he cooed down to the Omega who was obviously having trouble even thinking let alone talking was the best he came up with “Ffffff-fuking good”
his Alpha rumbled inside his head. As he floored it.
“Oh baby, why didn’t you open the door?” the reply came.
Dean adjusted his position, totally by accident causing Cas to hit his spot deep inside of him. Dean’s eyes shot open locking with the beautiful blue ones that were transfixed with his, rapturously looking down at him. “C-c-cas, I cum?” Cas just smiled lent forwards and spoke sternly in full Alpha Voice “As many times as you want Sweetheart” which apparently was all Dean’s Omega was waiting for as his inner walls contracted and he shot he load all over their chest, even hitting his face. Cas upon seeing this lent forwards and licked up as much seed as he could kissing Dean so he could teat it.
“Okay Alpha” Dean supplied
Guess who's back! im sorry ive been gone so long got no excuse like at all. I am back now and ive got the bug to keep writing so if i disappear again drop me a comment and give us a kick to keep writing!
