Sherlock answered John as he looked up at the chandelier with a smirk. “I believe enough for a month’s rent at 221b, but I left the finances to Mycroft.”
“Oh no oh no! I’m so clumsy, sorry! Really so so sorry!” Sherlock exclaimed. But then he winked at John. Oh the prick. John knew exactly what Sherlock was doing. Sherlock strode towards the waitress and showed her the mess, using his apologetical puppy eyes.
"Well think again!" John exclaimed at Sherlock, who was watching John’s outburst calmly from his designer chair.
John kept shooting nervous glances towards Sherlock throughout dinner and Sherlock would sometimes reply with a concerned or frustrated glance. Hard to tell if the glance was friendly or not with Sherlock. However for the most part Sherlock was decidedly in what John called his “disgustingly charming” mode, that is until the conversation started drifting towards gore and guts, as is inevitable between medical professionals.
“You opened my eyes to how our lives could be together. You are as always my conductor of light, John. All my deductions, guided onto the right path thanks to you. And you do so unassumingly, with such confidence in me. I do not know what I have done to deserve such a loyal and steadfast companion, not to mention such a strong and clever one at that. You truly are brilliant, and amazing, and all the adjectives you attribute to me on your blog,” Sherlock declared, “We must never part because without one another we suffer. Together, we are better than the sum of our parts.”
Poor sherlock! Next chapter will be the exciting culmination. I'm planning on two more chapters, but who knows what will happen?
The phone call had been more trying and draining than he’d expected. He hadn’t been able to get Sherlock out of the dorm room and hadn’t wanted to show his emotions in public, so he’d had the phone conversation with Sherlock in the room. Sherlock had known when to let John pace the room angrily and when to squeeze his shoulder. At one point of the phone call John let out an involuntary sob. The guilt of leaving Mary, his sweet Mary who had done nothing wrong, into this situation made him feel like an utter prick. Sherlock had known exactly what to do and started rubbing large circles over his back with his hands as John leant his head into Sherlock’s neck.
“Of course, best pillows for sleeping on your side.” Sherlock quipped, seeming to regain his composure. They awkwardly stood each on their side of the bed.
John felt a spike of adrenaline. Oh, this was good. This was also very bad. This George wanted to play games? John would show him what he was capable of.
Sherlock’s mouth twisted and he started laughing at that. John didn’t understand what was so funny, but it was a relief to see Sherlock so happy after all the emotions of the night. Sherlock explained through his fit of laughter that he’d prepared something along those lines for his best man’s speech, before Geoff edited them out. He hadn’t realized that line was so sentimental until John said it about him. After all he was not acquainted with social niceties and was like a fish out of water concerning conventional speechwriting.
John shook his head and tried to think of his soon to be wife back home. He would soon be a husband (and possibly a father) and had to remind himself of the joys that come along with responsibilities in the life he would build with Mary. Time to leave the adrenaline of crime scenes and the messy life at Baker Street behind.
He was at least glad he got through the night without nightmares, so that he could be well-rested before today’s trials. However though he knew Sherlock liked sleeping in, usually on cases he would not sleep at all. So this was a bit odd. He had been very excited to take this case, but had been almost nervous asking John to take in on, what with the wedding preparations and all. Mary had however been very accommodating and said that she was relieved Sherlock could distract them all a bit and she could have some time to herself to plan the honeymoon without John being stingy about the trip expenses.
Because yes, John had been counting. He knew Sherlock had been too. Of course, he had. Trust Sherlock to treat killing himself as some kind of experiment.
" On the cheek John, that is a romantic place, isn’t it? Not too passionate, but sweet enough to show we are tender in love."
" Oh John, does it really matter? We are just out having a good time!" Sherlock rolled his eyes with a hint of amusement.
Deductions are made, the case is over, but instead of going home John and Sherlock are fawned over by fangirls.
Just as John turned around, Sherlock slipped away to the bathroom. That voice had been so soft and tender it could not have belonged to the detective. John shook his head to rid himself of the memory. Sherlock was in the bathroom brushing his teeth by the sound of it.
After yesterday’s kiss, Sherlock had dropped all pretense and went back to his cold machine self and left an electric tension in the air. John should have known Sherlock couldn’t handle romantic acts, even if these were for a case and not genuine acts of love. No, Sherlock was very much married to his work. Why had John even attempted to presume otherwise?
John and Sherlock arrive in the poshest hotel in Stockholm and discuss the case. Both worry about their public image.
John’s throat was constricting as he walked towards Sherlock. He took a few large steps and was next to him. He put a hand on Sherlock’s elbow. Sherlock didn’t move. His coat was soaked.
The anatomy room i based this on: https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gustavianum#/media/Fil:Anatomiska_teatern_Gustavianum.jpg
“Okay Sherlock, very impressive. May I ask why you are doing this? I did not even know you could boil an egg,” John pointed out.
Sherlock was still pouting, likely still embarrassed of crying in front of John. To his defense, he had been much more open than he ever had been. John decided to opt for an experiment. Wasn’t he allowed some experiments of his own?
in capital letters?” Cynthia smiled at John as if to stop herself from bursting out laughing. Others in the room had a similar reaction.
Sherlock did have a point that they needed to play their parts to solve the case, both for gathering information onsite and to attract the killer. But John was sick and tired of always tagging along, following the Great Sherlock Holmes. Wasn’t he allowed to have his own life, with Mary? Sherlock did not bother to inform him before faking his own death, for god’s sake! He should be able to have his quiet life in the suburbs without the whirlwind of drama that followed Sherlock wherever he went.
Oh. He might be bisexual. Which would explain why John suddenly felt the embers of jealousy burning his gut. But no, Sherlock had said this waitress was a lesbian. That hadn’t stopped Sherlock before with Irene Adler…This was all very confusing, and John had to stop thinking about Sherlock’s possible sexuality in order to be cool and logical. For the case’s sake, John. Stay focused!
John nodded with a smile. Sherlock seemed overwhelmed by emotion and to be frank, John was also having a hard time convincing himself this was reality rather than a dream.
John was taken aback by this suggestion. It hurt that he’d send John home and continue investigating on his own. John would not allow Sherlock to continue on his own with a murderer, it was too dangerous!
i hope you enjoyed! i'm planning on just rounding this off with one or two more chapters of John and Sherlock being incandescently happy (between resolving a few remaining issues).
“I hear you, that sounds tough. Thank you for telling me. I think you and Sherlock are a great couple, but I understand it is difficult if you’re scared all the time. Talk to Sherlock, John. I think he will understand too. But he can’t read minds, he needs to know you care so that he can help you along the way,” Maria remarked, and then added with a little smirk, “Also, I bet you were too wrapped up in your thoughts to notice, but he was totally sneakily checking
Sherlock shook his head and sat down on the edge of the bed again. He seemed to ponder the question for some time. John wondered if he’d gone to his mind palace.
John mouth twitched into a smile and soon he was giggling along with Sherlock. To think he would have so many more bright moments like these, and that he had been given this gift to savour so thoroughly and extensively, was enough to humble any man. If he was lucky, he could have this for years, for the rest of his days if he wanted. The prospect of such a sunny future made him giddy with happiness and from the glee in Sherlock’s eyes, it made Sherlock feel the same.
“Sherlock you were amazing during this case, you blew everybody’s brains out you made so many brilliant deductions. Let’s go have some post-case glory together with awful telly and crisps. You like that, right?” John was babbling, but when he saw the tears mingling with the rain on Sherlock’s face, he knew it was necessary.
“Um, yeah, um. I am a registrar doctor doing a first aid course here. Afraid I followed Sherlock here to be near him. I’m from London myself, good thing I got into this course.” John joked, a bit self-consciously.
Sherlock had just explained his scheme and was quite pleased with it (though admittedly it was the only logical option available). However John apparently needed more to be persuaded. Sherlock wondered if John's neurons were rattled, or even awake for that matter.
Placing this story in Cambridge I wanted to have John learn in an old anatomy theatre like the one I visited with my med school in Uppsala...but now i found out Cambridge does not have such an old anatomy room anymore! So sorry for the inconsistency!
He placed a square of butter on the stack, just like John liked it. He opened and closed different shelves and drawers here and there, looking for cutlery, honey and tea bags. Sherlock looked manic, like he was overly excited about a new experiment.
“This is the only logical way forward! The murder of the famous scientist Ferdinand von Brugel so close after his nomination for the Nobel prize can only have been done by someone close to him. He had no living family, spending most of the time in his lab. He had no family and preferred to work alone so our suspect must therefore be someone else, someone attending the Nobel prize banquet! Going there together as a couple is our only chance to investigate the murder!”
“They – they we also alerted to the fact I was a virgin. I don’t know if I am or if I’m – I’m not – anymore. My mouth isn’t – anymore.”
You need to consent to full-body donations, and if you have an injury or autopsy done you cannot donate your body for medical teaching. That is at least the rules at my uni.
The word burned through John. He knew he shouldn’t be made to feel ashamed by a man who’s incapacitated and handcuffed by the police, but he couldn’t help but feel that put a damper on the joy of the case. Being insulted in front of his peers hurt even more, even if he thought they seemed to find their fake relationship was romantic.
Maria gasped a theatrical gasp, Cynthia screamed. The other medical students stood up, some rushing to the door.
“We are going back to London this evening, we should probably take the train at 17:15, so you can be home by dinner,” Sherlock communicated.
That was extremely fucked up. It was…a difficult decision to say the least. Excruciating. But he had to find a way to escape the hell he was living in for the past 3-4 years. It was difficult for him – former war hero and surgeon – to neglect his duties. Avoiding responsibility did not come naturally to him. He had always worked hard to live up to the expectations placed on him, Harry used to call him names for that. He had not been called “Daddy’s boot and arse-licker” for nothing.
“You’re doing great. I’m very lucky,” Sherlock murmured softly. His eyes were downcast towards their linked hands. John shuddered but tried to stay calm as his heart fluttered.
Sherlock had stopped snoring and it was eerily quiet. John wished he’d start again. Then Sherlock mumbled something unintelligible into his pillow. John heard him the next slurred words clearly enough to make out one whispered word:
John did not understand. He knew Sherlock did not care for sentiment, but were they not friends? Sherlock suddenly looked angry, which confused John even more.
When the teacher was out of earshot, Sherlock drew his hand away and wolfed down his scrambled eggs as if nothing had happened. John’s hand was still buzzing from the contact with Sherlock’s lips. John had many questions but he settled with the most important.
John was standing over Alicia the dead victim, and realized he could not let George in on that he knew who he was dissecting.
“I palpate the V of the thyroid cartilage at the Adam’s apple and plan my incision slightly below the cartilage. The incision is made in an area that should be slightly elastic, right there,” John continued, demonstrating as he went.
“Mary? She’s sweet I know. But Sherlock it is you. It was always you! You’re the one who keeps me right,” John told Sherlock fervently.
“While I do much enjoy watching you at work, I much prefer watching a man be brought to justice. The game is on, John!” Sherlock declared.
But he was the monster. Being a good man rather than a monster took a lot of energy and he did not have much to spare. He did not feel ready to apologize today. He would try to make Sherlock feel at bit more at ease and try again tomorrow.
John rolled his eyes and turned around, his face turning up towards the ceiling, clenching his fists. Took a deep breath.
Sherlock seemed to feel a need to interject: “I’m sorry for being unreasonable. I was disrespectful. I know giving Rosie up must have been hard for you, on top of everything—”
“You might have forgotten –-hm?— that I’m engaged. An engagement you had the good grace to interrupt, hm? You might also have forgotten that I AM NOT GAY!” John shouted while jabbing his fork towards Sherlock at every syllable.
Sherlock’s hand slipped out on the table next to his tray. When John didn’t respond, Sherlock kicked him in the shins under the table.
John looked at Sherlock with a warm smile on his face. How glad he was to have Sherlock in his life. Lestrade had come in to make the arrests, but John found that was mere details. He had only eyes for Sherlock.
But once they returned to the table, an upset Cynthia was sitting alone with Sherlock nowhere to be seen.
Sherlock then dashed out the door, leaving John to take care of his business. So that solved the awkwardness at least, but John still felt uneasy. John hoped their suspect Sandra was still ignorant to the fact that they were investigating. Otherwise she might do something to Sherlock.
It was like a dream. His lips were soft and sweet and he smelled like that wondrous hair conditioner he wore for formal occasions. It was terrifyingly tender and sensual. John’s lips parted and he kissed back.
But John kept his fingers still. He must accept that he’ll never be allowed this from the stoic detective.
John had come back to Baker Street with Rosie. It was ridiculous that he trusted Sherlock enough to let his own child with a drug addict, particularly one who had last shot up 18 days ago.
Sherlock looked highly affronted at that, but there was a slight glimmer in his eye that showed he understood and appreciated the distraction.
When he got out of the shower, he noticed Sherlock was awake, but keeping his eyes closed. He would probably stay like that until the alarm clock rang.
“Well if you must know Mycroft was originally planning to attend with Gavin Lestrade,” Sherlock said with a huff, rolling his eyes.
“I – I’ve been having a hard time accepting that I’m – I’m bisexual. I’m not out and our relationship is still pretty much a secret. Sherlock is okay with it but I’m terrified. Coming out did not go so well for my sister Harry and – and I’m scared to go that path. I’ve always done as was expected of me so this is a big step,” John explained.
The formaldehyde used in preserving the body happened to kill a lab rat, which was how Sherlock made the connections. John privately still did not understand this bit, but since the dead rat making it arguably a triple murder, it was what had made Sherlock take the case in the first place so he could not argue.
“Yes Sherlock, I’m planning on having a real good shag with a pretty woman. Jesus! I’m not married anymore so I can do whatever I please! You should try it sometime.”
“I know. Look I—I’m sorry. Don’t you see? I can’t take care of her. Rosie. She—she deserves better. Parents who will bloody care for her. Who will—will love her. Not—not abuse her or neglect her or anything else.”
Sherlock’s back was a web of crisscrossing scars. Some long, some short. They seemed to be whip lashes for the most part, etched into his back like some deranged tapestry. John took in a shuddering breath. Sherlock’s back was still turned toward him, ramrod straight. His head was bowed and his eyes were shut, as if bracing himself from some impact.
Sherlock took John’s hand and guided him back to bed. He jumped onto the bed next to John and slipped under the covers, holding their fingers entertwined under the blanket.
George fell like a sack of flour. Sherlock and John stood silently over the unconscious body for a few moments.
“I already told you I have no answer to that, let me go and I might be able to deduce where your girlfriend went. There is no need for such highly improbable threats.”
“Why didn’t you catch her when you were having a nice little chat in the courtyard then? She already sees you as the best of chums!” John shouted back.
Sherlock had initially gone to therapy to help John. Ella had told him that was not what therapy for him would entail, and his goals should not revolve around helping John, rather helping himself.
He had flinched, even at that distance from John. Even though he was in no immediate danger. Even a month after the morgue.
“Oh come on John, I’m a uni student, I must dress the part! Besides, we have lab work today, wouldn’t want to mess up my shirts.”
“Sherlock?” John asks in worry, rounding around to study his friend’s face. Sherlock’s pale eyes are wide, unblinking, and the pulse fluttering at the hollow of his throat is the only indication that he’s still alive. He’s staring at the instrument as if it’s a treasure he’s spent his life trying to find, or a long-lost family member (bad analogy, disregard). His mouth is slightly parted. John waves a hand in front of his face, but as he figures from experience, not even the man’s pupils show any indication of noticing.
“Second only to me,” John pointed out. Pulling in for an embrace, he wrinkled his nose when he caught whiff the other man’s curls. “Sherlock, no offense intended, but you smell like a dirty alley.”
Sarah was just ending a call. Before John could pass by her and head out, she held an arm out to bump his chest, mobile in hand. Her eyes were narrowed thoughtfully in his direction. “What was that?”
He feels arms, strong and warm, cage around him and draw him against a hammering heart. He feels air stir at his hairline. He feels a dry hand press at the nape of his neck, fingers curling him closer as if he would disappear at any moment. He hears an unsteady sigh.
Sherlock huffed out a laugh. “They know we left, John.” Sherlock replied. “The fact that my brother is the First Officer is the only reason an alarm didn’t immediately sound the moment we left the facility.”
“Oh.” Sherlock cleared his throat, showing John that he was self-conscious. “Well, while I was attracted to you, I wasn’t… physically attracted until that, erm. Night. The first kiss.” He was blushing, and his hands were fiddling in his lap. The rest of his words were quiet. “From then, it was like wildfire.”
work anymore, considering he doesn’t let Sarah even pay him, but when he starts feeling useless and one of the resident doctors is out, the clinic is more than happy for the help. Today is one of those days, somewhere at the end of November, and Sherlock’s already shooing him away with Rosie scrambling in his arms.
But they just barely made it to the doorway before Sherlock was barreling past them back to the stairs, eyes wild with glee and phone in hand like a bat out of hell. Both men spun around, only one in surprise.
Sherlock spun away with a cut-off growl, hands now furious in his hair and feet borderline thumping on the flooring as he paced away and then back to John. “I told you you wouldn’t understand,” he accused in a hiss. “Also, I’m not asking for your help, so I’m not very sure why we’re having this conversation altogether. Go back to your room, sleep until ‘wake up’.”
“Idiot,” Sherlock chides softly, his voice not as smooth as he was probably trying to make it. With a small smile, he picks up his guitar and reclaims his armchair. “Go on, then,” he says. “I’ll be here.”
And, of all times and all places, that’s where John first saw Sherlock Holmes. Cup forgotten in his hands, John couldn’t help but pause – and that’s what would usually happen, was it not? When seeing someone so unbelievably beautiful, that’s what you would do, right? Stop and stare and hold on for dear life.
“So,” he began, beer in hand. It was nice to spend this time with genuinely friendly people, those who expected nothing from John so he could just lie back and soak it all in. “You’ve all stayed in Stansex, then?”
John felt himself smile, and popped an artificial stalk of broccoli in his mouth. “Apology accepted.” When he looked at Sherlock’s face, though, his smile dropped immediately. “God!” he blurted out.
“Could be fun,” John says offhandedly, dabbing at Rosie’s chin with a flannel. She’s old enough to handle her own spoon, a whopping 18 months, but breakfast is still a messy affair. “I know you like antiques, never knowing what trinkets and such you’ll find through the clutter. It’s a beautiful day outside. We’re getting a bit stir-crazy, too, so an outing could do us all some good.”
John tilted his head up to capture Sherlock’s mouth with a slight smile, stubble catching again. After this, Sherlock was sure he would be red-faced and raw from the burn, but he didn’t mind. It was fine. All fine. John’s hips were losing their rhythm and his mouth stilled against Sherlock’s until they were just barely touching, sharing hot breath. “I’m,” John whimpered.
This was all too much to accept, just in the ten minutes John had been in the flat. “Sherlock!” He yelled again.
“Sherlock...” he repeated, though this time it held both heat and warmth. The warmth from his eyes, inexplicably tender and nearly sad as they traced Sherlock’s features. The heat from his skin, hips still pressed together and tongue peeking out to wet his lips.
A day later, John moved back into Baker Street. A week, and he was chasing after Sherlock through alleys and skips. The most companionable they got were in the evenings, when nothing was exchanged between them but silence. John never got drunk and mused the idea of sex between them again, keeping their relationship as it was to the public.
He drummed his fingers impatiently. “Determining if I had any sort of significant other, a valid topic for new flatmates to inquire about.”
“We need to go back inside,” Sherlock said. John nodded, dazed, and spoke from beneath the mask in between deep inhales.
John’s already halfway down the stairwell. Cheers erupt behind him in celebration, champagne glasses clink, friends give loud, theatrical kisses. Through the television, Big Ben chimes louder than it does through the window of 221B, only at a slight delay. Somehow, Rosie stays asleep.
RJ smiled toothily and picked up the model again, feeling for something underneath the ring that circled the body of the ship. He seemed to flip a switch, though, and the fist-sized ship soundlessly began hovering in the air. RJ stood up, and anywhere he dragged the ship it stayed perfectly suspended in the air without waver. John stood up as well, and RJ offered it to him to handle. John nudged it up to shoulder level.
Instead of exploding like he was on the inside, he let out a hiss of breath and pinched the bridge of his nose until his blood pressure was at acceptable levels. “Sherlock,” he said evenly, almost conversationally, “What in the ever-loving
Sherlock cleared his throat and shifted in his seat, keeping his eyes perfectly trained on his device. “Shouldn’t I be? You obviously don’t get enough sleep as is, whether nightmare related or not, considering you’re up with me half of most nights and off on your own the other half. You do your best to hide it, granted, but a hangover is the last thing you need.”
Sherlock couldn’t help stumbling back at the force. “What’s this for?” He asked with an affronted look.
A vampire patching up an open wound. Terrific. But, despite that, John was intrigued. Careful in his steps, he led the way back home.
John bumped his arm. “He would’ve liked you, you know. My dad. Instead of reading children’s books like mum did, he’d read us murder mysteries before bed.”
“It’s... important,” he says slowly, fists clenching and unclenching on his thighs. He feels flayed open by Sherlock’s rapid-fire accusations, so familiar and so much more cutting than he remembers, and it’s just this side of too much. He swallows. “It’s definitely important, it’s... something I need to know. There’s a reason. I can’t… I can’t say why, yet. Can’t tell you exactly. Not until I can come to terms with it myself.” He looks up towards the doorway, heart hammering so hard he might pass out. Anxiety thrums his blood. “Alright?”
Sherlock was wrong. It took them roughly four minutes to get up a single flight of stairs, and from there John didn’t seem to be finished with Sherlock yet. Flopping onto his bed, he started at his belt.
“John,” he replies carefully. His hands are behind his back, spine stiff, and Spock seems to have made a reappearance with his carefully blank expression. His words do nothing to negate the fact. “It is my understanding that there is a tradition on New Years Eve, occurring between the countdown and the champagne toast. Are you aware of it?”
Something about the wording alerted at something within Sherlock, like a lightbulb popping up without him knowing the reason. Sharpened, he surveyed the alley with a newfound fervor. “Intended purpose…” He muttered, before zeroing back in on the dumpster. Understanding dawned and he whirled around to John. “Brilliant!” He announced, grinning manically at the other man before turning on his heel and promptly diving into the bin himself.
“… Of course.” John shot him a strange look, but just like the rest of the madman’s mysteries, he let it go. “Are you packed for tomorrow, then?”
start off easier. Computer!” The screen swiveled over the ropes, and Sherlock leaned down to let it scan his Neuron-chip. “Resume training exercise for John Watson, currently engaged in combat with Sherlock Holmes.”
“Come on then, I’ll bring you to the boss so he can have a look at you, see if you’re good to go. But I’m sure he remembers you.”
"It ranges across the scale, how people initially feel about him. Beautiful, to heart-stopping, to downright terrifying. At first, most people are dying to get his attention around here. Until he talks, that is." After a beat, Mike nudged him in the side. "You alright, mate?"
On of the women stepped forward, and another ran off to (supposedly) find the person in charge. “I’m an overseer,” she said, face unsure. Her jumpsuit was gray rather than black. “We’re, er, trying to find the head at the moment for you. You can understand that we’re a bit busy, setting up for launch and all. I haven’t heard about an accident happening.”
“Look,” he said, as serious as he’s been this whole conversation, “I’m not going to start up on any ‘break his heart I’ll plant meth on you’ rubbish, but really, his brother has placed his mental well-being in my hands for reasons nobody but Sherlock should tell you about. And considering that Sherlock likes me a hell of a lot more than he likes his brother, and he seems to like you enough to bring you along on a favorite activity of his, there’s obviously some cause for concern.” He dropped his hand, stuffing it into his pocket to search for something.
Sherlock completely released John, stumbling a step back. When John turned around in confusion, Sherlock pounced.
John mulls that over, and decides that if he ever meets this ‘Benjamin’ bloke, he’s clocking him. “I’m hardly using Sherlock to write my essays,” John says carefully.
And then he felt it, the patter of steps through the floorboards at his feet. They were sluggish and heavy, but not deliberately so. He closed his eyes in defeat, a juxtaposition to the speeding race of his heart.
There was pulsating music coming from inside. “Seems more like a gay club to me,” John said with uncertainty.
“Invasive ones,” he answered, eyes widening in emphasis. He went to duck under the tape, and then stopped again. “Just… try and appease him. Please. He has the ability to make my life difficult, given the chance.”
He tried to greet her back, if not for the collision that knocked the breath out of his chest. His hand tightened on his cane and his other arm wrapped around her waist, laugh muffled but genuine. “Hello to you too, Mary.”
. After sawing through bone and fat as if preparing a cut of meat for hours on end, everything was hurting and his nose was beginning to sting from the stench. Sherlock seemed annoyingly unbothered throughout the ordeal, jotting down notes and studying the mangled body with unfaltering interest, and it made John all the more irritated. He’s seen his own fair share of blood and guts, after all, so he wasn’t about to let the posh scientist beat him in a game of…
“John!” Sherlock hissed from further ahead. Tearing his eyes from the scene, John speed walked ahead.
“You don’t understand,” he nearly spat, not out of anger but out of tight restraint to keep himself quiet. “My hypothesis. The one brought about by RJ that I haven’t been able to tell you about yet. There’s a way I can prove it, but I need to get down to the research building and grab what I need. I wasn’t allowed to bring it aboard.”
“All’s the same, congrats,” John said, taking the last sip of his tea. Standing with the aid of his cane, he shuffled to the trash can.
considers it, before he can think about what ‘it’ he’s considering, but he knows that for the rush of excitement it brings him, with it comes an almost-equal guilt. He drops his hand.
His hand was quick and tight around them both, but he needed something to push him over the edge. Just a little something, a tiny bit of-
Sherlock automatically felt offended at the offer, but before he could snap out a rejection John pushed forward. “We’d love to,” John interjected. Sherlock turned his glare onto him.
It’s a hit or a miss, whether Sherlock’s breakfasts are edible (John thinks back to the Cinnamon-Soil Mishap with a frown), but the eggs smell delicious and completely free of chemicals (or dirt), so he’ll take his chances. He sits down at the table, takes a sip of tea, and opens the newspaper.
John would get something medical somewhere on his back, perhaps the chemical compound for adrenaline (which he liked to doodle on spare paper) or the caduceus (morality), if so inclined. If even
looked like he wanted to comment, but he refrained. Fluidly, he pulled a packet of papers out of the file and handed it over to John without a glance. “This is the list of the people currently listed as the crew for the Intrepid. In case you were curious.”
“Yoo hoo!” Mrs. Hudson greeted, holding a stack of papers in her arms. “Oh, don’t mind me. My, Sherlock, it smells wonderful, if I knew you could cook I would’ve invited myself up more often! Here’s the mail for the week, then.”
“It’s not fun for me,” Sherlock admitted quietly. He didn’t think John could hear him, but he could, apparently.
Looks like he wouldn’t be getting any small talk at the moment, then. It felt like the past hour was a dream John had just woken up from, a nightmare that he was still feeling the effects from. Hell, the past 24 hours could be explained away as a particularly feverish hallucination. This, eating out together, could easily be a normal night for them, without context, but the tension that simmered under the surface couldn’t be ignored. Sherlock was very obviously looking anywhere but at him, falsely casual, jaw hard and the line of his shoulders expectant.
Classic.  “Not what I said,” John said lightly, shedding at the table. Scooping up the cane, John tapped the phone on speaker and cursed even louder when it wouldn’t compute. “Damn phone.”
The panic had faded as quickly as it appeared, which is a slap in the face, if John’s being completely honest. The most important decision of his life (sorry, Mary), all thrown off by a bit of hyperventilation that
Lestrade protested, like this was a common occurrence. “Come on, you were only in there for a minute!”
“What I’m goin' to do -” John began, toeing off his shoes with barely-there coordination, “- is get myself undressed -” the socks were a moderate success, considering that he almost tipped over, “- clear off your desk by that window -” he fumbled with his fly, forgetting that he was wearing a belt, “- bend you over it -” off came the pants, too, where he was half-hard, “- and fuck you until you forget your own name.” He peeled off his jumper and shirt, and gripped the hem of his vest. “Does that sound like a plan?”
Closing his eyes and letting his fingers grasp at the bridge of his nose, John felt something with the weight of a rock drop in his stomach. God help him.
John shook his head. “I knew what was happening, and I didn’t stop myself. I know that you’re… against this sort of thing.”
They fell together. Not in kisses, but in comfortable removing of clothing and warm, knowing hands. It wasn’t rushed, but it wasn’t slow, either. John was breathing in his ear, fumbling his hand into Sherlock’s nightstand and fingers coming back slick. Instead of touching Sherlock, though, he sat up and reached behind to prepare himself.
Sherlock came into the sitting room as Mrs. Hudson left, clothed in an apron tied haphazardly over his pajamas and armed with a metal spatula. Why did he wear pajamas, John mused, if he wasn’t going to sleep in them? He was otherwise impeccable, as was the way of the world, and it took John much too long to notice that he was watching him with suspicion in his eyes.
“Well, we’re all going to space, aren’t we? Even the captain does everything he dishes out. Being at the top doesn’t exclude our bones from, well, separating.”
Absently, he shuffled closer to the center of the foothold. He was squinting through the blackness for any sign of immediate ground, and he couldn’t smell anything besides the electric bitterness of the freezing air. John was afraid to try and take a deep breath and physically feel the thinness of the oxygen.
actually work at the clinic doesn’t include Sundays. He hasn’t accidentally ruined one of Sherlock’s expensive shirts in the wash, not lately. “I’m sorry for yesterday?” He tries.
Rosamund has Mary’s nose and ears, thank god. It’s hard to tell at this age, but she seems to have John’s overall bone structure, short and stocky, and her thick eyelashes surround dark blue eyes the exact same color as his. Somehow, in some impossible, wonderful way, she has a faint cupid’s bow reminiscent of Sherlock’s, as well as a mole dotting her neck in the same place. When John kisses her atop the head, the wispy curls that brush his nose are much too similar to the ones he sees on someone a good bit taller, and several shades the wrong color. He’s immensely grateful that his brain searches for these similarities, rather than mourn the ones with his late wife, and he’s also not at all surprised. He’s spent nearly eight years finding Sherlock in everything he sees; he’s not going to stop now.
Hours later finds the pair (and a half) at a small café on Camden’s Passage for brunch, satiated on crepes and crisp summer fruits. Sherlock’s lips are tinged with blue from the candy floss earlier that prompted his appetite, but it’s too endearing to be pointed out.
“Sherlock...” he began, for what it’s worth seeming defeated. But there was fire in his eyes. “Do you... Are you...”
Rosie’s cry sounds from the floor above. Sherlock kisses him sweetly, one last time, before dropping his head to John’s shoulder to catch his breath. “I’ve dreamt about this,” he admits.
The cabbie smirked. “Do I know...” he muttered, pulling out into traffic. John was barely able to process the name.
He scrambled against the wall’s face, grasping for purchase. His hands and arms were wet with blood, though adrenaline was far overtaking any pain he felt. There just wasn’t enough available air, and the atmosphere was heating up with increasing speed. He was beginning to lose his grip. And, if it made things any better, the orange glint of sunrise was beginning its ascent. “Need a little help here!” He yelled through gasping breaths. His right arm fell first, and suddenly he was (painfully) aware that all of his weight was hinged in his left shoulder. “Help! I need-”
somebody to ask, just so I can shake them by the shoulders and ask them how much of an idiot they are if they can’t see the answer right in front of their eyes?”
John felt his chip whirl to life, vibrating in his skull. He glanced up at Sherlock once he processed the download. “I have the elliptical first, you?”
Sherlock pushed their foreheads together, hips breaking into uneven rhythm as he came. “Oh, god, John,” he hoarsed. “
“But that’s already on the agenda for tomorrow,” Mycroft replied in false protest, clothes ruffling as he stood. If he got within kicking distance of the couch, Sherlock couldn’t be held accountable for what would happen. “For tonight, though, can’t you admit that perhaps I was correct?”
The initial cleansing was painless, though the tour afterwards didn’t go nearly as far in depth as he would’ve liked. The interior was gorgeous and modern, sleek with a sort of majestic nature that was directly correlated to its size. Massive windows decorated any free wall space they could find, and chrome seemed to be a favorite accent material. The crew was shown the main lobby area, the dining hall, the direction of the plethora of research laboratories, the off-limits hull of the ship, the even more off-limits bridge (that only the main crew had access to), and lastly the rooms. John’s neuron-chip spat out his room number easily.
nothing, Sherlock supposed. So, despite the fact that he wasn’t sure if he could even classify himself as ‘tipsy’, he nodded back and stuffed himself back into his pants. “Yes. Drunk.”
There were many points that John could touch on, but he chose the most obvious one. “You can delay the virus? Why in the hell wouldn’t they let you take samples, knowing that were the case?”
His own drink needs some topping up. “Do you mind?” John asks, and Sally shakes her head. She hides her smile by turning back to the bookshelf, pointing out a knick-knack for Rosie to try and grab at, and John thinks (but dares not voice) that motherhood suits her. He wonders if that’s something she’s ever wanted, and then realizes exactly who he’s thinking about. He shivers involuntarily.
Which is why he wasn’t expecting a red hologram to power to life in front of him, and for it to reach out and strike him in the side. “Hey!” John yelped. It didn’t hurt, but the feeling of compacted energy hitting his side was an uncomfortable, intense sensation. He tried to punch back, a tad childish in his lack of strategy, and it easily dodged.
John tries not to let a hysterical giggle bubble up his throat. He glances around the sitting room and notices Molly, from where she’s talking to Greg and very transparently watching them from above her wine glass. He shakes his head to clear it. “Sherlock,” he says. “Are you asking me to kiss you when the clock strikes twelve?”
“They won’t kill you. I’ll be doing that, before the hour’s up. So you have,” Moran looked at his watch. “Half an hour.”
He blinked in shock at his own outburst, and looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock was staring at him, his face crestfallen for a split second before hardening, his lip stiffening and his fists clenching by his side.
As the hours passed, John could barely stay awake for an hour, and he would sleep for many hours in between. Sherlock did most of the talking—well, all of it. John hadn’t been able to speak yet, but he could understand what was said, and could answer with a nod or a shake.
Mycroft watched from the window as Anthea waited to be questioned. He had no idea how to proceed at the moment, and remained thinking, until the door opened, and a woman walked in.
Gaining composure after a few more minutes, Sherlock grabbed John’s discarded jacket and hurried out the door. He had seen John heading down the street, but not towards their flat. He turned a couple of corners and soon found sight of John, hunched over and hurling in an alleyway.
John stared at Sherlock, but he wasn’t disappearing. “Good because I don’t want to see you anymore. I want to live so…go now! Leave! I-I
John swallowed and pressed his forehead against Sherlock’s. “I know. And I love you for that. You’re the most human—human being that I’ve ever known. And I’m not leaving. No matter what.”
“No-no-nonono, please come b-back. I can’t do this alone. He’s g-gone, you’re all I have left…I’m don’t want to b-be a-alone…” John trailed off, taking in deep, shuddering breaths. The tears had subsided, for now.
Sherlock bellowed for help as he clawed at the barrier. There was an opening somewhere; he just had to find it—.
Mycroft sighed. “My people have picked up on something that suggests a rat has made it’s way into MI6, and is either exchanging information for both sides or working entirely on behalf of the terrorist group.”
Sherlock thought. Panicking but acting quickly, Sherlock headed into their bathroom. He started to fill the tub and once it was tolerable, he ran back to the room. John was unconscious, and muttering under his breath. Sherlock nearly dragged John into a standing position, and then led him to the bathroom. He set John on the edge of the tub, and reached down to check the temperature of the water. It was just about lukewarm. Sherlock helped John back onto his feet.
He ran outside, ignoring the staff protesting and following him out. He was quickly drenched from the rain, but he ignored it and continued to walk quickly around towards his window. He wasn’t sure which one was his, but he thought he would know once he saw Sherlock.
Sherlock gulped, guilt creeping in his chest. He slowly walked towards his lover, biting his lip and keeping his gaze distant.
“Showing me the flat. You seemed to have made up your mind when I came into the lab, but then you gave me your address anyway. I was just wondering…what changed your mind?”
Next chapter comes later tomorrow, if it ever will, yet comments will always make my day a whole lot better :)
John’s hand twitched again. His eyes were moving beneath his lids, indicating awareness. He let out a soft breath, which suddenly had the blogger coughing hoarsely, drawing his hand away from Sherlock’s grasp just slightly, but enough to catch the detective’s mind off guard and cause it to go on a whirlwind.
John nodded and left the room. The older woman remained silent and Sherlock waited until John was back, handing her the tea and sitting back down.
“Good.” Mycroft pulled the photos to the bigger screen. The photos showed Bauer and John, and to an ordinary person it would appear to be the same men being held in this very building.
His stomach did an odd flip when he saw John smile—not frown, but smile. It was a comforting one too, reassuring, not sympathetic or pitiful, but…small and heartwarming—the only warmth Sherlock had felt since this ordeal had started.
John shifted again and muttered incoherently. Sherlock repeated his name twice before John finally blinked at him. He focused on him for a moment, and then looked around.
John adjusted to the angle, and smiled tiredly. “Sorry, I woke you up,” he said in a hoarse whisper.
“Let’s cut to the chase, shall we?” Sherlock began coolly. Kingston looked up at him briefly, before looking back down at his interlocked hands.
Sherlock climbed in and pulled the covers over their bodies. He refrained from cuddling behind John, and instead turned off the light. Neither of them spoke for several minutes.
A medical person tilted John’s head to the side and held his neck as steady as possible to ensure he wouldn’t choke; others held him as stable as they could while he seized.
Dr. Robbins took a moment to listen to John’s heart, and read the monitor before answering. “His fever spiked. He may already have an infection, so we’ll take a blood test to see what kind before administering antibiotics.”
Sherlock nodded, and then slowly left the room, looking behind his shoulder for as long as he could as he walked away until John was out of sight.
He was paler, and there was a very slight tremor in his left hand. He looked from Mycroft to Sherlock, slightly gaping. Mycroft cleared his throat and then left without another word. As the front door closed, John looked at Sherlock, who avoided his gaze and looked at the floor.
“So I see,” John whispered. He closed his eyes briefly and tried to recall what happened, but only caught sight of fragments. He had been shot, and was taken to the hospital. There was something to do with Sholto though he couldn’t imagine why…
Sherlock furrowed his brows briefly before looking around them. “Argyranthemums. Commonly known as daisies, marguerite, specifically. Why?”
John hurried up the stairs to the flat and quickly found Sherlock on the sofa, fast asleep. He checked his forehead for a temperature, but it felt normal.
Sherlock was still anxious as to what Moriarty had planned for his “fall”. Whatever he was going to have to do to end this game, he knew for certain John would do everything he could to prevent it from happening. His efforts would be in vain; Sherlock knew it was inevitable; So he made his own plan.
She grinned assuringly as she helped him settle, and then moved the tray back in front of him. “Here’s a snack. I know you didn’t eat much earlier.”
Sherlock didn’t hesitate. He leaned forward and kissed John, lips closed, but desperate for contact. John kissed him back as much as he could before Sherlock leaned away, although just slightly where he was still close to John that they’re noses where almost touching.
Sighing with annoyance, John slumped in the chair, and began to think. Suddenly, the door opened, and Sherlock walked in with a hesitant stride, keeping the door opened behind him. John looked up and raised his eyebrows, expectantly.
Sherlock nodded. Hesitantly, he sat up and leaned back against the headboard. John eased off of his hips and sat on the edge, feet touching the floor.
At the lab, Sherlock immediately busied himself, reaching for the medications from one of the boxes. There weren’t that many bottles, just what was expected from an elderly couple.
“Now!” The demand sounded weird on John’s tongue but it was insistent enough that had Sherlock hurrying to the bathroom.
“Moriarty had three snipers. One on you, one on Mrs. Hudson, and one on Lestrade,” Sherlock explained quickly. “You would have been killed—.”
Sherlock appeared unbothered by the fact and absently nodded his head towards the counter within arms reach. In the shadows were a box of condoms and a new bottle of lube. John stared at the products before reaching for them. He looked back at Sherlock and grinned.
Sherlock nodded anyway. He was pushed gently and then he felt an uncomfortably padded seat underneath him. The man walked away after squeezing Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock was alone, but then he finally noticed that his hands weren’t shaking at all. He was utterly still in the middle of chaos.
Sherlock tensed and peered out of the corner of his eye, desperately trying to meet John’s, but his lover wouldn’t look at him. He looked down; only to miss the moment John did take to glance at his lover.
“And I don’t?” Victor asked, his voice edgier. “I’ve cared about you for months. I made sure you took care of yourself—.”
The door below opened and closed, and sluggish footsteps made their way up the stairs. John stood up and faced the doorway, holding his breath.
“I was following Moran who led me back here. But then he disappeared. I went to Mycroft to keep an eye on you so I could—.”
John finished coughing; his eyes fluttered closed but he was semi-conscious, his breathing heavy and stressed.
John shifted and wiped his face, clearly trying to hide the tears, as he faced Sherlock’s brother. Sherlock could practically hear Mycroft silently deduce the two of them, but was a second behind with his own deductions, when Mycroft spoke.
Lestrade blinked at the change of direction. “Er, no. If there was we would have suspected murder from the start.”
John huffed and sat up, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s lower back as his lover scooted down until he was sitting in John’s lap, straddling him. John kissed him briefly and then pulled away.
“Let me through please, no he’s my friend—,” John cried from above. Sherlock tried to look, but a spasm of pain shot through his body, vibrating down to his waist and then vanishing.
Sinclair lowered her gun, gave the two the slightest grin, before blanketing her face and walking towards Mycroft.
Sherlock nodded and awkwardly stood for a moment too long. Was he supposed to be grateful? John was the one who had caused the mess—the mess in which Sherlock was planning to just leave and have someone else deal with, the liver being useless now. Perhaps he should get rid of that and not leave it to startle someone? Sherlock only dwelled on what to do for a moment and making up his mind, he turned around to leave when John caught him gently by his arm.
“Sherlock Holmes, you are my miracle. You are the best, wisest man that I’ve ever known. You’re the strongest person, and most human, and I—I almost lost you. But you saved me, so many times and in so many ways, and I owe you so much. No matter what, I will always be by your side, always.”
“It’s beginning to heat up, I think!” He yelled. He only coughed once, though it was harsh. “Also, the fuel is beginning to release fumes. I’m not sure how toxic it is…”
“I see that I’m assigned to you, then,” John said, keeping his voice easy. He desperately wanted to ask Sherlock what game he was playing, why he was asking for John after seemingly loathing him without remorse, but he would save that for another day.
Sherlock made an embarrassingly high noise that John quickly swallowed down in a nipping kiss. “Quickly, now,” he warned, shucking down Sherlock’s trousers and pants only far enough to free his cock. His hand was sliding in a hot grip with delicious heat. “We can’t be gone long.”
The last of London’s reach narrowed out, and soon they were flying down the M4 through the flatlands and open sky, occasionally jolting over stumpy hills. John kept his eyes distinctly away from the speedometer, though he couldn’t help but notice that they passed up every car on the motorway, weaving to and fro between the sparse traffic.
“Bollocks, you’ve been aching for a good one, don’t lie to me.” And then the man noticed John and dropped his hand, eyebrows furrowing in immediate confusion. It should be offensive. “I’m sorry, I don’t believe we met. You must be…?”
His smile grew at that, but he shook his head and nodded towards Northumberland street. “Later,” he promised, and the sharp-eyed detective was back and ready to play. “We have work to do tonight.”
"Yet," John replied without heat. He barely knew the man, after all, and in such a precarious situation it wasn't a great idea to waste time squabbling. “Go through the plan again, you weren’t very clear the first time."
“It’s your fatal flaw,” he says in a whisper. “Thinking that everything I do is for Mary’s benefit, even when she’s not here anymore. Not letting yourself entertain the thought that maybe, just maybe, I simply enjoy your daughter’s company without feeling the need to distract myself with the Work. That I clean after you both because
John doesn’t remember this Moment until weeks later, while he’s making a sandwich for himself and Sherlock’s arse over tits in a drug den, unbeknownst to him. The memory is so severe, so unwanted, he promptly sticks his head in the freezer until he stops thinking altogether.
“I… didn’t want you to get in any more trouble.” John panted back. Honestly, he just hadn’t known that going around to the front was an option.
Mycroft knew that, apparently, as he added: “Doctor Watson has a stunning arm on him, don’t you think? Or was that his forehead?”
“The research facility is right next to the ship, I won’t even need to take the walkway. Considering there won’t be anyone in my way, it’ll take me ten minutes at the most.”
“No,” John said immediately, pushing away Sherlock’s hand and only releasing himself so his hand only gripped Sherlock’s cock. “I owe you one, remember?”
“I was thinking of goin’ upstairs, sleepin’ all this off,” John muttered hesitantly. “Is that, well, I mean, would that be…”
“Really?” John had never heard him even hint at that before. What did the brother look like? Was he as beautiful as Sherlock? Could he deduce? Even more – could he deduce John, unlike Sherlock? “Will I ever be able to meet him?”
After that, Sherlock began to climb. John, unable to do nothing while he worked, began tugging up the rope with another exhausting use of strength, inch by inch. When Sherlock made it up, John tugged him over the lip into the bay, their roles switched from when the other man had saved him from the canyon’s edge. They collapsed on the floor, both utterly worn.
John sighs and leans forward, helping his daughter climb down. “You know,” he says, “years ago if you went even
It’s silent. When John finally looks up to meet Sherlock’s eyes, he’s surprised to find the other man staring him down with quiet disappointment. There’s also a sense of bewilderment there, as if he just saw a third arm spontaneously sprout from John’s head. “You’re serious, aren’t you?”
It really was a nice day, he mused. While the cool breeze and shady clouds were artificial, it was well-paced enough that it could be believed. The sports complex of Sector 2 was just like the other thirteen sports complexes on Earth; a large dome housing dozens of fields where residents could exercise without having to worry about melanoma. The sun wasn’t a life force anymore, as much as it was now a danger. But there was nothing to be done about that, so John digressed.
John wants to ask him why he’s cleaning, why he doesn’t fight John on anything anymore. But what comes out of his mouth instead is: “This is about Mary, isn’t it?”
“Too messy, I’ve got enough blood on my hands as is. You know too much, though, getting too close to what I am. To what Sherlock is. Your search habits are very telling, good doctor.”
Sherlock huffed out a laugh, though it didn’t have much humor in it. He said a string of words, muffled and wholly unintelligible.
Warily resigned, he toed carefully through the door and blindly reached inside, feeling for the cool surface of the phone propped up against the slick wall. He kept his leg in the door, making sure he couldn’t get shut in the darkness. Finally getting a grip on the phone, he backed outside where it was (relatively) safe and answered.
John locked his jaw closed, knowing when and when not to challenge authority. Sherlock, unfortunately, did not possess that skill.
Stansex was the name of the village John’s grandparents had lived, as well as where his father was buried. A memory of blonde pigtails muddy from the ditches in the moors flashed through his mind, before he made a sound of recognition. “Mary! It’s been, what, nearing a decade since we last talked? How’ve you been?”
Sherlock tried to slip his arm out of John’s grip but John turned Sherlock to face him and tried to make the man meet his eyes.
The look on Sherlock’s face made John’s hand slide from the doorknob and his left foot joined the right one back in the warmth of the flat. He turned completely in the direction of the arrogant arsehole he hadn’t laid eyes on for the last two years. That is, until a week ago, when said arsehole had popped up like a jack-in-the-box as if nothing had happened, crashing his proposal to Mary, expecting him to be overjoyed at the mere sight of him. And that ridiculous costume… Just the thought of that evening almost had John storming out the flat, again. All the way down to the street this time.
John leans towards Sherlock, meeting his lips once again. Sherlock cups John’s cheek with his right hand and puts the left one around his waist, pulling John towards him. He can’t bear even the smallest distance between the two of them now. Nothing will keep him away from John from now on. He finally feels at peace and he lets himself bask in the feeling of it. It’s been so long since he felt happy, and safe, and…loved. And to be loved by this extraordinary man, it is something he will cherish every day for the rest of his life. With one final caress of lips he pulls away just enough to be able to see John’s eyes as they open. John smiles at him with a smile that reaches his eyes and Sherlock smiles back, lifting John’s hand to his mouth and presses a kiss to his knuckles, mimicking John’s action from just a moment before. “I don’t care how complicated this will get. I still want you John. My heart has been, is, and always will be yours.” John’s smile grows if possible even bigger as he leans in to kiss Sherlock again.
”What? What are you on about now? Hm?” said John with an annoyed tone to his voice, his eyebrows raised in confusion. Hand still resting on the same place on the doorknob and his left foot still outside the green front door. The pompous bastard, stood by the lit fireplace, was peering back at him. However, his steel blue eyes now wore an expression of shock and terror.
“Thinking of you kept me going,” came Sherlock’s voice soft beside him. “The thought of you, safe back home, that kept me fighting, until I just didn't have the strength anymore.”
“It lasted for an extended period of time the exact length of which is unknown to me, but I believe it must have been at least three months. I got caught in Serbia.” Sherlock turned his eyes sideward to the floor to, eyebrows drawn together; “Stupid…! It was my last mission before Moriarty’s network was completely dismantled. I was meant to be undercover but my identity was compromised and I was caught. I still have no idea how it happened. I was always so careful…” Sherlock’s eyes had got even more distant and slightly glazed, probably thinking about what happened at that time, trying to figure out where he’d made a mistake John suspected. ”I was locked up in some remote place, presumably underground. I was locked in a cell, but they would also take me out to…’have some fun’, as they said.” Sherlock spat that last word with disdain. “They chained me to the ceiling by my hands and to the floor by my feet. I could not sit, I could not rest my arms. They did not allow me to sleep. Every time I nodded off they would find new and creative ways to wake me up,” Sherlock said with a spike of anger to his raspy voice. ”What you’ve seen on my back is the result of that. Some of it, anyway. I was burned with cigarettes, stroked with whips and pipes, cut with various items, punched and kicked, soaked with freezing water, or scolding hot…sometimes both.” Sherlock paused and exhaled deeply before adding; ”The blowtorch was the worst…”
John smiled friendly. “Er, yes, possibly. John Watson.” He raised his hand to the woman, who shook it gently.
“Clothes,” Sherlock responded, pulling his lips away from John, his hands unbuttoning his own shirt at lightening speed as John, a tad slower, fumbled with his own buttons, as his fingers shook with excitement and arousal. Once their shirts were thrown across the room, John and Sherlock met in the middle, skin-to-skin, rutting against each other, their lips crashing against each other. John began moving his lips down Sherlock’s neck, leaving red marks along the way.
“John, take a deep breath.” Sherlock said calmly, his hand gently pressing against John’s waist to keep him upright. “Look at me, John.”
Before they could apprehend David, Sherlock pulled back his fist and slammed into David’s jaw. The man crawled away only to be pulled up roughly by Mycroft’s men. He glared at Sherlock, then at John murderously, bloody dripping down his from his nose. “I would have gotten away with it—.”
John stilled and then let out a genuine laugh. He met Sherlock’s gaze, and felt lighter at the sight of amusement on his lover’s face. He leaned forward and captured Sherlock’s lips smoothly with his, kissing him gently and chaste, and ignoring himself flinching. Sherlock picked up the pace, and then parted his mouth to let John’s tongue in as he hummed deeply in his throat and caressed John’s sides. John leaned forward until his chest was against Sherlock’s. He slowed down his lips, and kissed Sherlock with lingering kisses as he started to trail off his mouth and to his cheek. John grazed Sherlock’s skin with his lips before kissing the spot, and then moving on to the other side. Sherlock’s breathing hitched as John sucked at the corner of his lips for a moment, and their hot breaths mixed together as John moved along Sherlock’s face.
even doing here?” John asked. He looked at Mary again, and noticed she looked a bit sad, or bothered about something. She glanced at him, and didn’t look away.
John sniffled and climbed back into bed. He lied against the pillow and clenched his eyes shut. He inhaled deeply, but then fell into a coughing fit.
Much to John’s unease, Sherlock didn’t visit him until the following day. He muttered something about being caught up with something, but he didn’t divulge anything more and practically ignored John’s questioning look.
Sherlock and John entered the pharmacy, only to find it deserted. No one was at the counter, despite it being mid-afternoon.
Sherlock barely processed it, but by the look of Mycroft’s shocked face, it was apparently good news.
“No, John. No ifs. Whatever happens, I’ll always be there for you. And I know you’ll always be there for me.”
“Sherlock—finally!” John gasped as the syringe was flung away from Sherlock’s grasp and he picked it up before the detective could get back onto his feet. John stumbled away and stepped back. Sherlock stood up, a bit too fast, and wobbled on his feet. Out of mere frustration and agitation (mostly for himself), the detective flung the back of his hand hard against John’s cheek.
Remembering the syringe, John came up to Sherlock and gently placed his hand on his arm in a comforting touch.
Moran narrowed his eyes at him, and then placed a key on the table. He then turned off the recorder and the camera, took the video chip out and picked up the recorder, carrying them as he headed for the door. The other man packed up without a word, taking the heart monitor with him, and followed Moran out the door, just as a couple of medical staff pulling a gurney entered the room.
John nodded. “It’s just that Sherlock has been forgetting things, still. It’s just small things, except for the case he overlooked something he wouldn’t have missed.”
Sherlock refrained from thinking too much into this close contact, but got lost in his attempt not to think about it when he realized John’s grip had slackened.
John whined and squeezed his eyes. Sherlock bit his lip, and then reached for the key on the table. He uncuffed John from the arms of the chair, and then slowly massaged the left one, soothing the irritation and redness. John swallowed audibly and slowly raised his head slightly. He looked up at Sherlock, but his eyes were unfocused and cloudy. He parted his lips, but only a groan escaped them. Sherlock wiped John’s forehead, caressing it with his fingers and trailing down to cup his check.
“Shut up!” He hissed under his breath. John raised his hand and covered his mouth. “You’re not real. The real you is alive out there, looking for me. You’re not him. You’re just…” His whisper trailed off. He stepped toward the ghost and grabbed him by his coat’s lapels, slamming him against the opposite wall. He brought his mouth an inch away from his and spoke.
Sherlock went into the conference room and slumped down. Mycroft walked in, and immediately read his behavior.
John didn’t feel convinced. “How did—how is it—?” he stuttered. He inhaled shakily and urged Sherlock to answer; unaware he barely formed a question. Sherlock looked confused for a few seconds, and he stared at John. His eyes widened, and then his face softened.
A couple of nurses followed him, but didn’t rush him to come back. They followed him closely; John ignored their presence and looked around, turning his head back and forth and then walking in circles, searching for Sherlock. But he wasn’t there anymore. He wasn’t anywhere.
“The number 7, in ‘7-snow’,” Sherlock clarified. “Try looking up anything significant with that number, especially if it’s German, and the drug. Remember, it has nothing to do with getting high. The name in the file, Liev Kingston, is a known associate in dealing drugs. We need to find him…”
John slumped against the wall, fighting off a whimper. He couldn’t take it any longer and allowed the tears to fall down his cheeks. He stayed slumped against the wall for a while, while a man in a trench coat watched him from across the street.
A grin tugged at Sherlock’s lips. “I’ll get you something at the hospital. You won’t need surgery, so it should be fine.”
John swatted at him playfully. “Rest first. Sex later,” he said with a serious tone, but his face was twitching with laughter. Sherlock laughed and lifted his chin slightly. John took the hint and kissed him deeply, exploring each other mouths to the full extent after weeks without intimacy.
Sherlock abruptly turned and hugged John tightly. John was taken aback for a moment, but then returned the contact by wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders.
John clenched his jaw and met Sherlock’s eyes. “Everything you said…about being a fake. You were lying.”
“Oh yes. Just new players this time.” Sherlock glanced up, beaming. John quickly leaned forward and kissed the top of Sherlock’s head before allowing him to speed up.
He pressed his hand onto his wound, feeling the warm blood against his palm, and he noticed his blue striped jumper was already soaked with blood and sweat.
I think this is shorter than the first, and chapter 3 is also short. But 4 and 5 are long.  This was written months before season 3, yet afterwards I did some editing and there are small, minor parallels to season 3.
Sherlock and Mary entered a nearby pub, and she immediately got to work. Within five minutes, she chirped with excitement.
John inhaled sharply, breathing in the damp air and filling his lungs with it. Below him, there weren’t many people around, so no one could see him as he reached forward and pulled himself out of the window until he was standing on the sill. It was a high enough window—high enough that John managed to stand and grasped the lining of the window above him to hold him steady. No one was around. He could fall and no one would know right away—
He was there for less than five minutes when Harry appeared from the corner and froze in her step, her cup slipping out of her hand and onto the floor with a dull thud, coffee splattering over her shoes.
Drunken youngsters began heading out and the seats beside him became empty and unfortunately, an invitation. The four possibilities reduced themselves to only two, and those were deemed simply as last minute resort. Sherlock decided to leave—it was already a waste of time for the short amount he had been there, and couldn’t care less about finishing his drink. A tap of a cane grasped his attention for just a mere second but then he ignored it. Apparently though, this man had other intentions.
“I have places to be. You’ll hear from me.” Moriarty held Sherlock’s gaze as he strutted to the door, leaving the carved up apple on the armrest.
“But you…have changed me. At least in some way. Before I…left, I was more of a machine. But now, you’ve humanized…” Sherlock’s brows creased further, looking down and thinking of a better word than that.
The man walked in and headed to the sitting room as John closed the door. Sherlock eyed him once and then looked away.
“They’re bills, Sherlock. They’re what allows us to live here,” John snapped. He glanced at Sherlock, only to be met with a glare.
“Exactly! They’ll expect us to make a move.” Lee sighed. “But, I am here as being asked to by your brother, so I’ll follow his orders.” He looked at Mycroft, and then Sherlock did. Mycroft looked at the both of them, and then sighed.
*            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *
Moran released the glass shard from the fatal point, his other hand still holding John’s neck. As soon as the piece was well away from his artery, John swung his free hand with a shard in hand and plunged it into the side of Moran’s neck, and then twisted.
“Could be, that’s a concert hall, near Parliament. It’s too specific and close to the target to be dismissed. But they wouldn’t be meeting around a crowd in broad daylight.” Sherlock provided. “Why would they…
The r was elongated and the ‘you’ was focused on the u. He kept staring at Sherlock, waiting for him to respond. Sherlock was still looking at the paper, and then slowly looked and nodded.
“Sh—.” John coughed again, turning onto his side, and wincing in pain. Sherlock bit his lip and gently rested his hand on John’s shoulder. John shuddered, and continued to cough harshly. Dr. Robbins came up to the other side, and gently peered at John, flashing a light over his eyes and checking his temperature.
John hurried through the doors of New Scotland Yard, and sprinted up the stairs to the fifth floor. He hurried down the hall, ignoring the concerned and sympathetic stares, and walked into Lestrade’s office without knocking.
Sherlock peered up with an innocent look in his eyes. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” He said with a straight tone, yet his lips twitched with a promising grin.
Sherlock nodded as John headed up the stairs, and once he heard the shower turn on, he wheeled to the foot of the stairs to keep an ear out.
“It was all me really.” Shepherd sneered at the detective. There it was: the narcissistic attention-seeking identity was just too obvious…and Moran’s mistake.
“Willoughby, or Dashwood or whatever, is not confessing, but we have enough evidence. The media’s been all over this, but that’s expected. There is something we found at his office.”
“Oh I wouldn’t say that.” The detective murmured as he stepped away from John and reached for his coat. “Go ahead, we’ll follow. Text me the address.”
Sherlock kissed him back, lifting his legs up and crossing them behind John’s hips. He held onto John tightly, one hand above John’s backside, bringing him as close as possible, rubbing their clothed erections against each other, and his other hand on the back of John’s neck, keeping him in place.
Vanessa lowered the other railing, and then removed the blanket from John’s chest. He was only wearing the hospital gown, and he hadn’t had a sponge bath in a few days, so there were stains over it and he felt dirtier with this many people in the room. John glanced at Sherlock and Victor, and then looked away.
John furrowed his eyebrows. Sherlock never left without it. Although, they had been in some kind of a rush to leave, yet they’ve been in a hurry before…
John reluctantly shook his head. Willoughby opened his mouth to speak, but Sherlock must have known John’s answer and scoffed.
!” Sherlock cried out as he ducked in closer and captured John’s lips passionately against his. John cupped Sherlock’s jaw and then trailed his hand to Sherlock’s nape to bring them impossibly closer.
“Should be down the tracks,” Sherlock said, and then he headed down them. Mary quickly hopped down and followed him, slowing her pace as she watched were she stepped.
Sherlock stared, frozen, at the wall as his brain process this information. After several minutes, he came back to his senses.
John quickly left, and came back with water, a cup of Sherlock’s tea, and two pills. He handed each other to Sherlock, who took the pills with water, and then took his tea.
Loneliness penetrated the atmosphere; John felt helplessness and sadness all at once, and it only greatened the pain.
“Place a bag over his mouth and breath for him, we don’t have time to place a tube.” He ordered. “Are the paddles charged?”
Several minutes passed as Sherlock went through various document and reports dating all the way back to John’s university days. He clicked link after link, but came up with either nothing or confidential reports his visitor code couldn’t access. After several defeated tries, he reached for the phone and called Mary in. She came without question, a little too keen to help.
A slight gasp told John that Sherlock noticed his mess, and he hesitantly leaned away, increasing the space between them. Sherlock stood up and took of his coat and jacket, rolled up his sleeves, and then kneeled back down, closer to John.
Adrenaline rushed through John’s body as he offered his other hand to Sherlock (where was his gun?) and pulled him upwards. He inhaled deeply as he pulled the other man up, but soon had him up over the ledge.
John paused by the window and looked out, attempting to give Sherlock privacy. It was cloudy out, but still bright. John swallowed tightly, suddenly desiring a breath of fresh air. He hadn’t been outside at all since he had woken up. Maybe that was what he needed…
His stomach turned, and in a flurry of motion, he leapt out of bed and ran into the bathroom, stumbling and nearly falling over as he hopped as fast as he could. John barely made it to the toilet before he heaved, and after a few spouts, he coughed sickly. His cheeks burned with embarrassment and guilt, and all evidence of his arousal was gone. As he cleaned himself off, he didn’t know whether or not he was glad that Sherlock hadn’t followed him. Lifting his chin up with acceptance, he stood up and leaned against the wall as he hopped his way back into their room. It wasn’t ideal, but he made it without falling.
John cleared his throat and raised his hand to take the mask off, but then Sherlock took his wrist and pulled it away.
“And did you talk to her about it?” Dr. Smith asked. “Do you think you went too often for just a friend?”
Sherlock wrapped his arm around John’s waist and John held onto him around his neck, holding his leg up slightly as he hobbled by his side. Sherlock cautiously looked out the door, and seeing the hallway was empty, he and John slowly walked out of the room, heading towards where Jack had left.
It took them nearly twenty minutes to get back to the MI6 building. First responders were being escorted out by private investigations, who were under orders to initiate a private investigation and keep it out of the public media as much as possible. It was already proving difficulty, as there were several news vans stationed just across the street, with reporters already reporting to cameras.
The man gently dipped into Sherlock’s entrance and pressed in gently, moving slowly until he was fully settled within him. Sherlock adjusted and then rocked backwards, causing a moan from the man’s lips.
Lestrade’s voice trailed away as he headed to the sofa. Sherlock remained standing in the entryway, and John kept his gaze lowered.
Sherlock nodded with a promising grin. “Alex will show you some exercises you can do at home, and then you should be able to leave by the evening. You’ll have physical therapy sessions three to four times a week for a while though.”
John’s grin faltered and he sighed. “How about a quick snog?” His eyes twinkled with smugness, which he knew Sherlock couldn’t resist. He took John’s hand and led him to the sofa, leaving their cups of tea behind to turn cold. John didn’t waste any time; he straddled Sherlock’s thighs and started kissing him passionately.
John lay still in bed during the morning, not talking to anyone as they went in and out of his room. Sherlock had visited earlier, but Victor had tagged along, so John had silently told himself that he wasn’t in a talking mood and they had seemed to buy it—until Victor left.
However, John was running late, and Sherlock was starting to get sucked into actual science, still swaying his hips in sync with the music, but starting to forget his intended routine.
John trailed off and caught his breath, but remained looking at Mary, and didn’t flinch from her nor Kim’s impassive and slightly skeptical look, however Mary nodded assuring, encouraging him to continue.
John slowly broke them apart, but still close enough to feel each other’s breaths. He raised his hands and cupped Sherlock’s jaw, lifting it up so their eyes met. The doctor’s eyes were glistening and slightly pink, but the glisten faded with every blink.
John blinked and the sudden noise invaded his senses. Car horns and people shouting were blasting outside. The SUV stayed where it was, no sign of life surrounding it.
Sherlock cleared his throat and nodded. The doctor injected the sedation serum and slowly John’s eyes fluttered closed, the stormy seas fading before disappearing all together.
As a doctor, John knew it was normal for involuntary muscle movement to occur in coma patients. But seeing it happen and not mean any kind of potential felt like a cruel joke; a tease of something that wasn’t realistic and would likely never happen.
“I thought you said you had people keeping an eye on him.” Sherlock hissed to his brother as they hurriedly walked past emergency vehicles a couple of streets away from Doctor Shepherd’s office.
Swiftly, Sherlock pulled John closer and tightened his hold. He buried his face in the crease of John’s chest and arm.
John nodded with understanding. “There’s another thing…my partner is working on the case with me. He’s just been acting differently. He’s a genius and can look at something and know intricate detail immediately, but lately, he’s been lagging.”
“Molly, take these back to our flat. Come on, John.” Sherlock followed Lestrade, as John followed him.
John nodded and raised his chin up very slightly. Sherlock took the hint and kissed him, leaning into the touch for several seconds before leaning back. John placed his hand on the base of Sherlock’s neck and pulled him back in, deepening the kiss by parting his mouth and allowing Sherlock in.
Sherlock’s tapping ceased completely and he moved closer. John squeezed his eyes shut, overcome by intolerant pain.
With that he left, and John was alone, and wanting everything in the world to be able to say it now. If only Sherlock was here.
His medical knowledge flooded his brain sluggishly, yet he managed to understand what his body had gone through, and what would need to be done in order to recover. A single day in a coma could require several weeks of recovery. John’s eyes widened as he understood, and then he blinked rapidly, focusing his vision back onto Sherlock. Sherlock continued to stare at him with a soft expression, and was remaining unusually quiet.
The next time Sherlock woke, he was in even more pain, which he found unbelievable. But he also was more aware of his surroundings—however no one was around—and was able to keep his eyes open for a full minute before falling back into oblivion.
“Nah, you barely know me.” The confidence was back, developing in a charming grin on the man’s face.
The door opened, and Mandy walked in. Her eyes greeted John, and then looked at the tray full of food, and her step faltered as she reached his bed.
“We’ll keep an eye on it,” she said. “That’s all we can do, before we know what kind of infection he’s dealing with. We’ve given him some medication to keep the seizures at bay for now. I’m afraid that’s all we can do,” she repeated. The nurse finished her routine checkup, and then left with a reassuring smile.
“You’re an army soldier, invalided home from either Afghanistan or Iraq. Your limp is at least partially psychosomatic. You have had experience with alcoholism, hence your hesitation with that second pint and third tequila shot. It’s most likely a family member, probably a sibling, perhaps a parent as well. You tend to be cautious on your drinking; yet going by what you’ve had so far you have control over it. Once you had calmed your nerves, you had planned to hit on one of the first suitable persons you see. Gender doesn’t matter to you; although you’re used to picking up women, this isn’t your first time with men. You’re acting on an impulse—a need for something different and exciting—hence you talking to me—not someone looking around desperate, but certainly someone who stands out and may need convincing via an intriguing mildly-flirtatious conversation. Since you’re a military man, the persuasion part comes almost natural to you.”
Beside him, Sherlock flinched and looked around before focusing on John. He sighed with relief and squeezed his hand.
John met his eyes, but remained silent, unsure of what to say. A knock interrupted them; Mrs. Hudson appeared, with a couple of men behind her holding boxes.
John turned his head to look at him briefly. “It’s not your fault. You and Mycroft made a call, and it would have worked, but it didn’t. Just… don’t beat yourself up too much.”
Sherlock swallowed, his eyes traveling back and forth from John’s eyes to the street to the front door then to the table and back to John. “Can you let go of my hand?” He choked out.
She slowly moved half the bed up to a reclining position as Sherlock held onto John. John groaned from the movement, and his coughing resided. He lay back against the pillow, and absently shifted his hand until he found Sherlock’s.
“Stay,” John quietly pleaded. Sherlock agreed right away, and raised his eyes to meet John’s. John grinned reassuringly.
Sherlock flinched, and then nodded. He sat back down as the doctor continued looking at John’s chart. The man in the bed shifted slightly, and Sherlock straightened up.
“Shut up John. Shut up.” Sherlock said fiercely. John’s blood oozed through the spaces of his fingers, drenching his gloves and sleeves. “You’ll be fine. The ambulance is coming John. Help is coming.”
“If he really is part of this, he’d might run off,” Mycroft suggested. Sherlock only nodded, stomping down the unexplainable doubt lurking in the back of his head—he was even ashamed at himself for having thought of them, so he focused on the computer screen, getting to work.
The next morning, John walked by the bathroom and overheard Sherlock talking to himself. He paused by the door, and froze when he realized what Sherlock was saying.
, he thought. He hadn’t given his blog any thought in the past month, and now he was starting to feel like himself again, he didn’t see why not. Despite the slow process of adapting to the new limb (it had only been a hour for God’s sake) John couldn’t wait to go home, and he started to feel a simmer of excitement to see Sherlock.
“I feel at peace,” Sherlock’s face contorted to a grimaced and he scoffed at himself. “God that sounds tedious.”
“I play the violin when I’m thinking,” Sherlock blurted out. “Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. I heard people like a warning of what they’re getting into when becoming…flatmates.” He said the last word with a tinge of disgust; if John caught that, he didn’t point it out.
John groaned loudly and opened his eyes slightly. He opened his mouth, but then choked, and sat up, retching again over the blanket.
in a long time. John slowly smiled affectionately, and stretched up to graze Sherlock’s lips with his own. “Alright, okay then. Let’s do it.”
John grinned. “No, you won’t. You’ll stay here, hover around, and pretend. Come on, Sher-lock, there must be some-thing. Do it for me?” He softened his face and looked at Sherlock fondly. Sherlock’s cheeks reddened again, and then he nodded and headed to the door.
Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly. “Me too,” he whispered so quietly John thought he imagined it for a second.
“That’s not what I’m running from, Sherlock. I don’t have a choice. Jack was the one who took me from Baker Street. I thought he was with Moran, you know, taking me hostage to go somewhere to torture me for information, but in the car, he lowered his gun and started explaining everything. Moran’s men found us so we had to run, we got to the car in time but—.”
John licked his lips. “Sherlock,” he spoke fondly. He tilted his head back slightly and arched upwards, pressing his lips lightly against Sherlock’s before leaning back. There was a moment of space between them, and then Sherlock followed him down and closed the remaining inch, kissing John back and keeping his mouth closed. He started to part his mouth slowly, and kissed that way for several moments as they breathed against each other, their cheeks reddening with arousal and from each other’s hot breath. John’s skin was sweating slightly with the added heat, and his clothes and the prosthetic felt uncomfortable against his sweaty skin. John broke the kiss and caught his breath, and then lowered his gaze, directing it to his leg.
“Perhaps Lestrade should send some case files. See if there are any other cases?” John suggested. Sherlock only hummed, and didn’t look up from his work.
“The surgery was hectic, I haven’t eaten much; I’m starving.” He nudged Sherlock slightly as he swallowed. “What did you do? I can see you’ve been in your dressing gown all day.”
Sherlock bolted upright and hurried to John. He hesitated in touching him, but knelt down on his knees and cautiously inched forward. John was crying now, almost wailing in pain.
Sudden movement behind John caught the army doctor off guard, and the next thing he knew, arms were wrestling with his body, holding him still and knocking his gun out of his hand and onto the deck, out of arms reach. The assailant held him in a secure stance, leaving no room for John to fight his way out of.
John nodded, and then reached for the prosthetic. He slid his stump into the fiberglass shell carefully. He pressed firmly and then the pin clicked into the leg. That was all to it, which baffled John for a moment.
The door opened and Sherlock walked in, dressed in his pajamas still, and a dressing gown. He was holding a cup of tea, freshly brewed going by the rising steam.
“It’s possible, I need to look at every connection your father made. Does the hospital have a record of his co-workers?”
John stepped forward. Sherlock came up to him and wrapped his arms around him, shivering. His coat was drenched, and his skin was too cold, like marble.
He looked up slowly, his eyes starting to glisten. Sherlock’s eyes matched his, and the sight clenched at John’s heart.
John lifted him up into his chair gently, and then checked his head for something, as if he was injured.
John groaned, his head throbbing with what felt like dried blood on his forehead. Keeping his eyes closed, he took in his surroundings and felt he was lying on something soft and bedded. He could hear a slight creaking in the walls and felt like he was being rocked slowly.
Moran stared at him for several seconds, before giving a curt nod. “It’ll be a quick check up. I don’t want him to stall his interrogation. You can talk to the mystery man.” Moran gave them a dismissal wave and then flickered his hand for Kim. The two walked out, and headed to the interview room. Mycroft turned to Sherlock.
He couldn’t hear what they were saying, and after what seemed like several minutes, the numbers on the monitor began to rise, and heartbeats were appearing on their own.
A floodgate opened, and sound infiltrated John’s ears. It was a loud ringing at first, then shouting, and rough hands were grabbing at him, turning his body around and holding him to another direction.
“John trusted you.” The detective said, his voice quivering with the slightest strain, Shepherd missed it completely. He straightened up ever so slightly and hid his fear that John was probably drowning at this very moment and continued to glare at Shepherd.
“Who are you? What are you doing in my flat?” Sherlock reached for a book and swung it against John’s head. John groaned as Sherlock rolled off of him. He saw Sherlock reaching for the phone, and managed to grasp a few words as he stood up.
“No, this isn’t happening. There must be an explanation for this.” He mumbled as he once again fell to his knees and clutched his head. Darkness devoured his vision, swallowing him up until the tearless sobs came to a stop and silence prevailed.
He took a breath and lowered his head into the water just as it rose completely over his face. He held his breath as he tried to free his stump. He scooted closer and pressed his left foot against the debris, and then pushed hard. Some of the debris shifted, and then his stump was released.
John sat up and just as the bucket was placed in front of him, he vomited. He cleared his throat and then leaned back. Sherlock removed the bucket and rearranged the blanket, keeping quiet for a moment longer as John settled back against the pillow.
Sherlock huffed and kissed him again, parting his lips with his tongue and deepening the kiss. John moaned against him and scooted closer. They only managed to get their shirts off before there was a knock on the door. Putting himself back together, John stood up to retrieve their food.
Sherlock knew exactly how John felt about him; just last month he had walked out of the shower and bumped into John. The army doctor stuttered an apology as his cheeks blushed an embarrassing pink shade. Sherlock didn’t think much of it, until he was forced to take his shirt off for John to clean a knife wound he had received a few hours later. The doctor had blushed again, and Sherlock was flattered, and amused. Since then, he had been purposely showing off his body to his blogger, and in turn, received an adorable blushing doctor failing at his attempt to hide his expressive face.
The detective looked upon the other man, fondness swelling deep in his chest. He had hoped John would be resistant to the lies he was about to tell, but never in his life had he been so wrong, and so longing to take it all back. It was worse, much worse than he had expected. But he couldn’t go back now. What he meant to say for now was said, and now he just had to keep going, using John’s broken heart against Moran. He knew it was cruel to lie, to withdraw his declaration of his love for John, but he also knew that it was the best way to keep John safe. At least this way, he could pretend it was all true, and that he didn’t feel anything for John Watson, and maybe it’d be enough to preserve his own heart.
“What is it this time?” Sherlock asked. Mycroft raised an eyebrow; a try to pretend he didn’t know what his brother was talking about, but both knew it was just an ill attempt.
“So…” John cleared his throat in attempt to hold back rising tide of a cry. “It’s been…about eight months since you…”
He brought the man to his bedroom and closed it. He could have sworn he heard a creak leading up to John’s room.
“Jesus,” John gasped as he instantly straightened up, tilted Sherlock’s head back, and pressed his mouth against his. He blew air into Sherlock’s mouth, watched his chest rise and fall, and repeated his actions several times. He compressed his chest to pump the blood in his veins, and went on tiredly as Lestrade apprehended Culverton, as nurses surrounded Sherlock and tried to pry John’s trying hands and mouth from his best friend.
“Of course not, John.” Sherlock said quickly. John relaxed slightly, and sat back down at the table.
John nodded and inhaled sharply through his nose. Sherlock raised his hand, and John grabbed it. He was pulled back up on his feet, and then nearly dragged his feet against the floor as he limped heavily back around his bed.
John gasped and reached for him, but something held him back. He struggled, and whimpered, muttering under his breath.
“I won’t ever leave you, John. Not like that again,” Sherlock said, as if he had heard John’s inner thoughts.
Sherlock stood up swiftly to greet her, but stopped abruptly as John gasped behind him. He looked from the client to John, and found his blogger and the woman exchanging revealing looks: she was looking at him like she had beaten him at something, her eyes glimmering with triumph. John glared at her with a variety of emotions: annoyance, then acceptance, and even a tab bit of anger. He flickered his gaze to Sherlock, expressing a neutral look, though a tad apologetic. John stood up straight and glared at the woman.
“Like you said, now we’re even.” Sherlock gave him a hesitant grin, but was greeted by a smile. His brows furrowed in confusion. “Why are you smiling?”
“Did you just wash me twice because you didn’t want to wake me?” Sherlock asked in an accusing but slightly amused tone.
Adrenaline finally kicked in full force and John found himself fighting back. He lunged at one of the man’s extended legs in mid-kick and pulled, causing the man to stumble off balance. Taking his chance, John tackled him and pinned him to the ground. He threw his fist across his jaw countless times, and when he was confident the man wouldn’t get up any time soon, John reached for his gun and jammed it against the side of his head, hard, knocking him out cold.
“Yes, you do.” John’s tone wasn’t of impatience, but blunt yet still trying to be comforting. He lifted Sherlock onto the shower chair, and then brought the wheelchair closer. He helped him in and then wheeled him back into the room.
He waited for a second, but didn’t hear anything, so he took a step back and rushed forward, slamming his good shoulder into the door. It budged, but not completely. He did it again, and it collapsed open.
“Once upon a time, there was a lonesome genius who fell in love with a prince,” he giggled again and skipped in a circle. Sherlock had nearly laughed—it was so ridiculous but needed to finish this. He had solved it—he had found Silken, the man responsible for shooting John.
Moran was quick to respond. “Surveillance, footage of Watson and Stan together, audio recordings and face recognition.”
“I’ll just wipe ourselves off,” John murmured back. He pressed his lips lightly against Sherlock’s temple, who hummed in response. He moved the sheet off of him and shivered in the cooler air. He scooted to the edge of the bed, and attempting to take a step forward, he stood up. But, instead of standing, John crumbled to the ground—“oof”— and caught himself roughly on all fours.
“Thank you for your deductions, but they are wrong – as they usually are!” Sherlock shouted as he stood up and brusquely wrapped his dressing gown around his body.
John was shocked. He did not know Sherlock snored! He seemed way too slim and delicate and…god-like? to succumb to such a basal human affliction.
At least I get to take an actually interesting traumatology course for this case, thought John. It did not erase how stressful this whole case was for him, but at least he could stay occupied instead of worrying about his supposed date.
John walked up to George and Sherlock, seeing George tense and press the knife further to reveal a drop of blood.
“You did all of this, and that put me on the edge, so to speak. But that did not warrant the -- what I did to you in the morgue. That was cruel. You did nothing wrong. I – I hit you, Sherlock. I beat the living daylights out of you!”
"Er--I just thought you could choose side of the bed, I have no preference either way", John announced. "Don't be ridiculous John, from all the facts I have gathered about you it is easy to deduce your preferences regarding sleeping arrangements."
John Watson wanted to be free of the custody of his child, Rosamund Mary Watson. He was willing to put her up for adoption. However, he was not willing to give her to a relative of his or Mary’s, and much less to a stranger. A position he had been assuredly clear about.
When they got back home and dried off, Sherlock was in a quiet and subdued mood from the crying. John ordered take out even though they’d already eaten, just for the sake of the ritual. It did smell good.
John had a strange impulse to treat Sherlock to breakfast in bed. Unfortunately the temptation of just staying in bed watching Sherlock sleep was also strong. He did not want to leave him so soon after they had finally done something right. He wanted to be there when Sherlock woke up so that Sherlock would never wake up alone again. He settled on putting on the kettle and getting back into bed. Sherlock woke at the sound of the kettle whistling.
Sherlock had deduced the blonde waitress was around 25, had a degree in anthropology but as a true millennial had found no work beyond unpaid internships in her field, which forced her to work low-paying jobs to stay afloat. She lived alone in a low-cost apartment and had a siamese cat. She seemed to be grieving somebody she had loved, maybe a close friend. She prized her independence and it wasn’t as if a professor in anatomy were swimming in money, but if they lived together it would be better than her finances at the moment. Unfortunately the professor had yet to pop the question about living together, which was complicated by the fact he was strongly allergic to cats.
John started laughing hysterically. It wasn’t even that funny, but Maria was very charismatic. He was feeling so much lighter, like a dark cloud had been chased away leaving only sunshine and serenity. This could be so much easier than he was making it out to be. He would ask Sherlock tonight what was meant by the kiss. He really had nothing to lose. If anything, they could joke about it being superb acting on Sherlock’s part and still remain friends, right?
John’s shoulder ached tonight and he was not making matters better. But John Watson, Ex Captain of the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers, would not relent. He would not move and persist through the night awake if he had to.
He remembered their eyes, their hands, the blood seeping out of their neck, their arms, his arms, his neck, his thighs. He remembers the crack of the whip, the clink of glass shards, the hissing cigarette butts…
But John knew he was all both Sherlock and Rosie had. And all he had was them. It was them against the rest of the world. How ironic.
George is slightly based off of my own anatomy teacher...Mine wasn't homophobic but rumors are that he slept with several female students. He is still a teacher and a good one at that but i learnt you should be careful with anatomy teachers. They know too many latin words about reproductive organs for their own good.
Sherlock explained that Sandra had killed her ex and her ex’s boyfriend. The anatomy teacher acting out was just because he was scared of losing Sandra with whom he was recklessly in love with. He saw Sherlock and John as a threat towards Sandra and attacked. He was probably biphobic and by extension homophobic in part because he knew of Sandra’s ex and did not accept that side of her. He was insecure she would run off with a woman.
John was pained that he was the reason Sherlock looked like this. Sherlock must be trying so hard. He was strangely reminded of his vow to Mary. The problems of her future were his privilege. Sherlock had made a similar vow to Mary, but also to John. He knew he wanted to blame Sherlock for the Fall, for deliberately putting himself in danger with drugs or at the hands of villains.
He came back with two cups and handed one to Sherlock who was now in a reclined sitting position on the bed. Their fingers brushed, Sherlock hummed a thanks and John had to cough to clear his throat. They drank their tea in a companionable silence.
The primary suspect were the Nobel prize nominees who replaced Ferdinand van Brugel. They were a duo of Dr. Louise Lacroix, a tall blonde woman and Dr. Adèle Dupont, a shorter dark-haired woman. Both women were accomplished scientists and doctors who had revolutionized the field of neuroscience and psychiatry. They had discovered a new way of tweaking the brain’s chemistry which was more effective than existing medication.
"Amazing. Truly amazing, " He gave a little chuckle and gazed at Sherlock fondly, "God you're right of course."
John had always been impossibly difficult to deduce, which was what made him interesting. However today it was more frustrating than intriguing.
John looked pensive but did not reply. Sherlock looked pointedly in his direction. John seemed to get the hint and cleared his throat.
John smiled wide. He looked at the box and started to look at each individual item. In the box were four different types of prosthetic feet.
“Looking good,” Vanessa reported. “Just rest for now, and I’ll come back with a wheelchair later for your x-ray.”
John pulled them out of his grasp and attempted to cover his face, but Sherlock reached again and tightened his hold. He pulled John forward until his face was pressed tightly against his chest. The sobs only worsened; tears and snot dampened Sherlock’s shirt; John didn’t bother trying to pull away. Sherlock had an arm around his back, and was holding him tightly. He clutched at his shirt as tears continued to fall down his cheeks and his choked cries were muffled against his chest.
John sighed shakily and took a careful step forward, balancing on the crutches tiredly. “We can,” he said confidently. “We can get through this. This doesn’t have to be the worse thing…”
“John…” Sherlock whispered hesitantly, and then clenched his jaw. He continued to look at him in silence, his eyes flickering. And then, with a flourish, he stood up and put his coat on.
John’s eyes widened and he audibly gasped. He was wide awake now, and as he pulled away from the bed to get a fuller look, his hand pulled away from Sherlock, who was the one touching his hand. Sherlock sighed. He parted his mouth to speak, but couldn’t quite pronounce a word right away.
Victor looked at him, and for a moment, his nose scrunched up as if disgusted, and then his face softened until he almost looked hurt. And then, in a swift motion, Victor straightened up, and, towering a couple inches over Sherlock, he shook his head.
“Hm?” John turned to her and tried to focus, but the pain wasn’t fading. He squinted against a light she was shining at him, and then looked away. Sherlock’s face was creased with worry, and his hands were clenched on the railing. John suddenly felt nauseous, and reached for the bed remote. He lifted himself up, but then grimaced as the pain only worsened. He breathed sharply through his nose and focused intently on the people in front of him.
“John…” She said when she noticed her brother was awake and his eyes were red from crying. “What is it? What’s wrong?” Harry stepped forward and took his hand and squeezed it for reassurance. “Would you like some water?”
John perked up, wanting nothing more than to curse the man and everyone keeping him here. Instead, he said, “When am I getting released?”
Several more minutes passed in silence. John’s shuddering had stilled, but he remained pressed against Sherlock’s chest, keeping his hands clutched firmly in his shirt. Sherlock’s hands remained by his sides, unsure of where to place them.
“That’ll be fine. He usually wrote about his thoughts and ideas when he was working, and kept at it even when he retired just last year. A lot of it now was about my mother’s condition. He seemed certain it wasn’t Alzheimer’s that she had.”
But John always kept his emotions stable, and to himself. When he was mad, he’d express it in a controlled way, but when he was upset, he’d keep it to himself until he repressed enough to go on with the day. Breaking down in a hospital wasn’t unheard of, but to have it happen to John was unsettling. No—it was worse. It was unacceptable. No one should upset John this much to have him cry in the washroom, trying so hard to muffle it, which meant it was most likely to hide it from someone in the room. The only person capable of doing such a thing was Sherlock.
John, his eyes sunken and grey against his sickening skin looked back at them. He was breathing too heavily, and his whole body shook as if he was about to pass out. The gauze over his neck was surrounded by redness. He was wearing his coat and jeans over his hospital gown—his whole figure giving off a frightening look.
Sherlock sat up and lifted himself into his chair before leaving to go to the bathroom. Upon entering the hallway, he stopped in his tracks to find John slouched over by Sherlock’s door, a book opened in his lap and his head lolling to the side. His eyes were closed, and he was breathing slow and deeply, completely asleep on the floor.
This is shorter than usual but honestly there's only so much angst I could fit in. Hope you like it.
A couple of days passed before John was nearly fully conscious, and able enough to open his eyes without flinching. His skin felt dry and unwashed; his face was unshaved and quite despicable if he were honest to himself. He was cold yet knew he’d get overheated easily, so he remained shirtless with the blanket just up to his waist. The thick bandage over his left shoulder wrapped around his chest diagonally; it went under his right arm and around his back. His left arm was in a sling held stable against his chest and lifted slightly by a pillow. The sling itched around his neck, making matters irritatingly worse.
Sherlock moaned louder. “Yes! Oh John—wait, isn’t that…” Sherlock trailed off, his moans becoming almost soundless as he unexpectedly noticed the lyrics of the forgotten radio in the background.
“What do you want to look at? Surveillance? Models?” Shillcott asked. Mary looked around the overly thematic room and whispered to Sherlock, “Why are we here?”
He watched John took a long sip and then set it aside before turning to him. Sherlock raised his eyebrows questioning only to find an armful of John before he could open his mouth to comment. John wrapped his arms around his neck and kissed him deeply; Sherlock kissed back, holding John close with his hands on his lower back. He slowly lied down on his back with John onto of him, and they continued to snog each other for several moments.
The first thing John was aware of was tightness in his forehead, and a throbbing pain surrounding it. He groaned, and willingly succumbed to unconsciousness.
John lifted his feet up to make room for Sherlock as he crawled under him and looked under his chair. John sighed inwardly and placed his feet back on the ground as Sherlock hurried to the fireplace and began rummaging through the various nooks and crannies.
“Now go slow. You’ve tried on different kinds to get a sense of style and type, but this is suppose to fit you the best.”
“Oh, John…” Sherlock wept, the tears not stopping and streaming down his face. The heart monitor let out a low alarm, and Sherlock looked up. John’s heart beat and vitals were dropping—Robbins was right, any minute now.
“I am a doctor,” John said, his voice turning back to normal. “It won’t need more than a couple of stitches.” He picked up what he had been carrying and raised it to show Sherlock. “Suture kit,” he said proudly.
The two entered the chemist’s and wandered down the aisle. Sherlock narrowed his eyes at everything, taking in his surroundings before going up the counter. John followed him closely but remained casual.
They kissed for several moments, and then Sherlock trailed his hand down between them and began unzipping his trousers. John leaned away and began pressing his lips against Sherlock’s jaw, kissing him down onto his neck. Sherlock squirmed underneath him, attempting to kick his trousers off, but failing. His erection was almost painful now, throbbing hard against John’s still clothed body.
“Apparently you don’t mean that much to him. Before you showed up, he had said some things.” Moran smirked. “Do you want me to break it to you or him?”
John started thrusting upwards into Sherlock’s hand, holding onto his shoulders as if for dear life. He moaned Sherlock’s name, and Sherlock knew he was near the edge.
Dr. Shepherd nodded and remained silent for a moment before speaking. “It’s none of my business, but I had a friend a while back and he said…he said to tell the one you love that you love them.” The doctor smiled to John, his eyes glistening with nostalgia. “He said you tell them, even if you’re scared that it’s not the right thing. Even if it could cause problems. Even if you’re scared that it will burn your life to the ground, you say it, out loud, and then go from there.”
“So it was someone else. It’s someone who has a vendetta against her. Magnussen said he knew people who wanted her dead.”
“Do you want to—.” John began, eyeing the clean clothes on the counter. He looked back to Sherlock. “Sherlock?”
that he loves me in his own way. He may be a fucking liar at times, an utter dickhead too, but he is also the most honest—after he lies he always comes clean—er, he’s a valiant man, who had only recently discovered the power of love and how to use it in an incredibly selfish yet beneficial way to prove to me that his love is worthy of my heart. He’s saved me as I’ve saved him on countless occasions, and nothing he says right now—and certainly nothing you say, will change my mind.”
Sherlock’s swallowed, a lump growing in his throat. He whispered. “I thought that if you died then all of this would have been for nothing.”
“John—.” The detective coughed harshly. Blood was seeping through his shirt below his left pectoral.
Sherlock brushed her away and stepped closer to his blogger. He extended his hand to take John’s but then suddenly John started to seize uncontrollably.
Sherlock hesitated, and then stood up, but then he paused. Without looking at his brother, he said, “Let me speak to Kingston.”
He stood up and gathered his things, but then paused before leaving. “Take care of yourself Sherlock.”
“I can manage,” John said, confidently. He lifted himself up and stepped onto the stair, and then moved his crutches to the next one, and repeated.
John paused. “Do you…want me to tell you what happened, what your injuries are?” John was hesitant, and…something was different now that Sherlock thought about it. John was nervous about something.
John cried out again. His eyes fluttered as his body painfully trembled. Warm blood drenched his clothes and his surroundings swirled above him. Memories flashed in front of him again, and he caught some words—repeated syllables from James and Sherlock, demands directed at John he wasn’t sure he could fulfill.
After he covered it with a thin layer of gauze and tapped it together, John took Sherlock’s vitals and temperature. He had a slight fever, and his eyes were dilated. He wetted another cloth and placed it over Sherlock’s forehead.
we are here It’s because John is such a worrier and jumps to conclusions.” He turned to John. “I’m fine,” he insisted.
“Don’t bring me into this, it seems you guys have a lot to work out.” Moran stated. “Too bad one of you has to die soon.”
Whenever John handed him tea, Sherlock smiled at him, sometimes forcibly and sometimes not, as if it was a habit he had fallen into and didn’t notice (or bother questioning). At first John was perplexed, his hopes rising slightly, but Sherlock had tilted his head to his exposed left arm, and then John remembered, and smiled back, even though it sent a pang in his chest.
There was a thin prick on his neck, and then he was loosing consciousness as the truck started driving away.
The days went by in a blur, in which John noticed but not with enough concern to question anyone. He followed orders, took his medication, and ignored the inkling feeling he had that something was wrong, and that he missed Sherlock. If any of the doctors or nurses knew he missed his hallucination, they would put him on more medication, and John didn’t want to loose himself, whatever remained. He was sure of that.
“You did. Perhaps I should reconsider my answer. The adrenaline must have clouded my judgment,” he teased with a smirk.
“Lestrade’s sending the employee list,” Sherlock reported. John hummed in response and finished with the dishes. He walked back into the sitting room to find Sherlocks starring at the screen unblinking.
John looked at Sherlock and tried to get his attention, but he was indeed starting to fall asleep, typical, he knew, of his condition.
Tiredly, he paused in front of the door, and even having heard the door being locked, he turned it anyway. It didn’t budge.
John leaned back, his brows furrowed with worry. “All right?” he murmured as he looked down on Sherlock.
Mycroft nodded. “He matched the description. Jack Bauer was part of CTU, like John said. He was the director, until he was wanted for treason. He vanished off the grid before they could arrest him. He’s been under the radar since 2007.”
Kim straightened up, a fluster of emotion flickering over her face in a matter of seconds. Sherlock stared at her, cataloguing and analyzing every one, it almost seemed too easy.
“Yes,” Sherlock responded in a throaty whisper. His cheeks were flushed and his breathing was heavy. John’s heart hammered with nerves and excitement. Sherlock cleared his throat and grazed his lips once more along John’s thinner lips as he spoke.
It was nearly three in the morning by the time Sherlock and John arrived back home at Baker Street. John’s injuries had been checked before he was allowed to leave, and his warrant was, to put kindly, cancelled. Mycroft didn’t seem to mind them leaving, and Sherlock didn’t question it. Moran was taken into custody by the American Embassy, as were Mary and Lee, and Kim requested she watch her father’s statement. She didn’t want anything to do with her sister, and took the lead in the rest of the investigation with surprising confidence. Stan was kept in custody by MI6, and was going to be transferred as well; both countries wanted all of the suspects, so Sherlock knew Mycroft had a hell of a lot of paperwork to organize each investigation and arrest. As for Bauer, the folder he had given to John managed to contradict all of the evidence against him within the hour, and gave John a final handshake before going with the embassy. John was glad he was finally exonerated, and thanked Mycroft for his help in all of this.
Sherlock shushed John by placing his lips against his, sucking gently and humming with pleasure as he did.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes in thought. “I’ll pull up to the port side, and I’ll turn the engine off once you grab the railing. Think you can reach it and pull yourself up?”
He wasn’t dead, but would be unconscious for several minutes at least, giving John plenty of time to find Sherlock and get them off this sinking ship. Stiffly limping back towards the stairs, John took one at a time, senses on high alert as much as he could manage in his injured state for any other potential assaults.
affected by this, especially by the ear of his dear brother. “I need to see him…if it’s really that serious and something happens before I—I just…I need to see him!”
He glanced at Sherlock to see him nodding again, and then Sherlock sat up and retrieved the supplies. Vanessa walked in just as he removed his coat and started to place the shaving cream in his hand.
The doctor and John discussed his options as Sherlock partially listened beside John’s bed. He didn’t say or ask anything, and John wished he would. John hesitantly moved his hand to hold Sherlock’s, however the detective flinched and withdrew it from the bed. Not a minute passed when he dismissed himself abruptly and headed out the front doors of the A&E.
They kissed for several heartbeats, and came to an abrupt stop just as the elevator dinged open. Sherlock rushed out, without even looking back to see John completely disheveled and thoroughly kissed.
Sherlock didn’t acknowledge John, and slowly left the bed, keeping his eyes on John. John stretched and sat up. “All right, now it’s just getting scary,” he said lightly.
Once John decided on his order, he caught sight of Angelo and waved. The owner waved back, however didn’t make his way to the table just yet.
“Six months at the least. The network appears to think you died from your fall, but they may try to locate John—.”
John nodded and placed himself in the chair. He tried insisting it was unnecessary but even he knew, as a doctor, it was protocol.
Sherlock grinned at him reassuringly. “It’s probably nothing. Just you keeping me up too long” He leaned down and quickly kissed John before striding down the stairs and outside.
“We’ll still be keeping an eye out for some time, but yes, it’s over now. After John recovers, you can return back to Baker Street.”
Sherlock blinked and looked away, although it looked forced and hesitant, as he kept looking out of the corner of his eye. “Now what?”
John’s lip trembled, but he didn’t reply. He squirmed under the sheets and removed his gaze from Sherlock. Sherlock caressed his forehead, noting the slight warmth his skin still had, and then left, keeping the door ajar.
Sherlock laid his other hand over their interlocked ones and continued. “Your body temperature wouldn’t raise fast enough and so your heart stopped. They eventually got it beating.”
“Yes really. I'm here for the rest of my life. Then we can retire together, wherever and whenever you want.”
John gaped at the detective. Sherlock ignored it. He couldn’t stand that expression on John’s face, it didn’t fit with his cuddly jumpers.
John stared at Sherlock, stunned by the sudden honesty. Inhaling sharply, John spoke as calmly as he could. “Uncuff me.”
Later that night, as Sherlock fell asleep against John’s shoulder, John couldn’t help but feel it was as if it was the end of the world, as if Sherlock knew it but John didn’t.
“Doctor,” John protested. “It’s doctor.” He let her lead him though, and didn’t protest as they led him to his room and sat with him for the remainder of the day.
He waited, dreading Sherlock’s response. He sensed Sherlock looking towards the door, and then he heard the nurses leaving and the door closing.
“I’m right here John.” Sherlock pointed to John’s chest, where his heart laid beneath. “I’m here but you have to promise me you’ll live. For me. Promise?”
Sherlock rubbed it soothingly, and started to sit back down, when John’s throat convulsed. He barely had the bucket in front of him before he retched, his shoulders shuddering and his body tensing from the extraneous movement.
“The government never destroys original files. You may change your name, but your real name is written somewhere. So why, why did you change you name?”
The comments have been so heartwarming and encouraging. Thank you everyone who's left one. They really make my day! ^.^
“John?” Sherlock raised his voice. John whimpered and attempted to turn on his back. He winced in pain and gasped, but managed to lie on his back. He breathed heavily, and then instantly sat up with a shout.
Sherlock straightened up and walked back to his seat, John’s gaze following his stride. The doctor gave the detective a weak smile, his eyes glistening just slightly.
*            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *
Sherlock grimaced and attempted to sit up, but couldn’t feel the sensation anymore. Swallowing the sudden lump in his throat, he reached for the walker, but it was on its side, out of his grasp.
John looked at him, eyes widening, then back at Sherlock. Before he could utter another word, the man grabbed John by his sodden jumper and shoved him off the dock. Sherlock watched in horror as his lover disappeared over the edge and soon a heavy splash followed. Silence pierced through the night as Sherlock glared at Derek Shepherd.
Sherlock tried opening the door again, and then he went around to the other side. John started to get into the shower before Sherlock walked in, but then he paused as Sherlock spoke.
He held him up in the tub for several minutes, soaking his arms in the process. He placed the cloth over John’s wound, attempting to keep it dry. The bleeding slowly stopped, and John’s skin was starting to feel cooler. Stiffly, Sherlock lifted John into a standing position and helped him out of the tub. John collapsed in Sherlock’s arms, unconscious before Sherlock could get a towel over him. Sherlock carried him back to their bedroom, and dried him off there and dressed him loosely in fresh clothes.
“They barely took any. Not enough to actually overdose on. The needles,” Sherlock pointed to the table. “Are still half full, if they were intending on getting high they would have used the full amount. But no, they stopped midway, as the effects immediately began to happen. Whatever it was only lasted for a half an hour, before it escalated into a craze panic, then their blood pressures dropped severely they were dead within minutes.”
to John seemed unlike the John Watson he had come to know, and yet it seemed the worst case scenario. At first maybe it had been revenge or an attempt to forget his wife, but their friendship was real, no matter how it had started.
“It was so easy,” Silken had sneered at Sherlock. His smirk was purely disgusting, his face distorted in a mess of facial expressions and eye twitches. “You just wanted it to be clever. I heard you like to make things complicated, plays as a nice flaw, wouldn’t you say?”
He quickly caught up to Sherlock and walked beside him as they made their way in silence to the house.
John looked worse outside of the hospital; he was pale and exhausted, his clothes were messily put back on apart from his jacket, which had been left behind at Baker Street, and he did indeed look sick.
“I’m afraid not, John. The man’s name is Eli Bennett. He said Dashwood told him what to do, and that was it. Planted a few manipulated drugs in Florence’s medication, but he wasn’t drugging her before she came to the nursing home.”
John entered the kitchen, looking odd as well. Silence encased the room as John started to prepare the kettle, grinning only slightly when he found it was already boiling.
Lestrade had given John the address, and they had arrived rather quickly, despite being the middle of winter and a few inches of snow covering the city.
Sherlock softened his expression and stepped out from under the spray. He pulled the curtain away and reached for the shower chair. Stiffly, he lifted it into the shower, and then placed it between him and John. John gaped at him in disbelief.
There he was. Right in front of him. Solid. Everything about his appearance was accurate—everything reminiscent of the last time John had seen him alive in person.
Sherlock let out a huff of laughter. The man stopped talking and tightened his grip around Mary. “Why are you laughing? Your friend is dead.”
The consulting criminal twirled the apple in his hand. “An apple a day keeps the doctor away,” he mumbled.
Sherlock leaned back enough to look at John’s face. He was ghostly pale and his eyes were lowered. He could hear John trying to form a word but was having trouble moving his lips.
Sherlock looked at him, and slowly his brows furrowed. John’s vision blurred again, and then his body stiffened and started to jerk.
Sherlock gritted his teeth and turned around. “Thank you for your time.” He called back absently. Mary quickly followed him into the hallway.
It all made sense now. John was worried that if the idiots at Scotland Yard were right about Sherlock, then that would mean Sherlock had lied to John from the beginning. The detective could see what his face would look like if that were true: disappointment and hurt. But it wasn’t true, not one word of it.
Sherlock smirked, and led her to a small house. After one quick knock on the door, a short young man answered it.
John hesitated before composing himself into doctor mode and then began undressing Sherlock. He placed his spoiled clothes in a pile and then hurriedly rushed into Sherlock’s room for some clean ones. Once back, John took Sherlock’s pants off and then gently guided him into the tub. Sherlock slouched against the back and was in a daze as John washed him. He lost track of time as he washed the man’s back, pushing him forward slightly so he could reach. Sherlock’s marble skin appeared even more beautiful up close. Layered with imperfections, John resisted the urge to caress every inch of the magnificent layer that embodied Sherlock Holmes.
John inhaled a ragged breath and held it, but exhaled too soon and the breathing returned to its too rapid pace. Sherlock stood and settled on John’s bed. Before he could suggest trying it again, John practically lunged at him and clutched at his dress shirt tightly in his fists. He buried his face into the crook of Sherlock’s neck. A couple of minutes passed and John’s breathing was returning back to normal, slow but improving.
John raised his hand and punched Sherlock across the jaw. He did it again and then again. Blood splattered from the head wound, a bandage flying off that John didn’t notice before. Sherlock’s nose was beginning to bleed too; John’s fists were bruising more now and the skin was beginning to break and bleed as well. John wrapped his hands around his neck and began to squeeze. He was muttering as he constricted Sherlock’s throat, something along the lines of “just leave me alone” and “you’re not here for me.”
John threw the door open and stepped out onto the roof. In front of him, Sherlock was stepping on the ledge, his phone lying on the ground.
“There was an interesting case in the news this morning. Took Scotland Yard quite a few weeks. I’m sure you wouldn’t have had to leave the flat.”
Sherlock knew he should have known better. At the hospital, John had suffered so much that Sherlock was at a lost. All he could manage to offer was comforting touches, reassurance that John was not alone. Now, sitting at the edge of his bed with his head bowed down in defeat, Sherlock berated at himself for being so careless, for thinking it was going to be different, now that they were home. It was all his fault…
As Sherlock spread his arms out like wings, he could have sworn he heard his name being shouted below, a scream that resembled the shattering of a heart.
Sherlock stared at John’s limp form. The breathing tube was placed and John remained still and lifeless. The artificial beat pulsing and echoing in the room as the doctor continued with impressions was the only thing Sherlock’s mind was comprehending; it was just those man-made heartbeats that invaded his capacity, as well the image of John’s pale and bleeding body that remained in Sherlock’s vision.
“Sherlock—.” John’s voice grew urgent, but Sherlock kept going. John came with a lengthy shout, his back arching against the bed. He jerked upwards into Sherlock’s mouth; Sherlock swiftly swallowed his release, and then gently pulled off. He looked at John and found him gasping for breath as he shuddered.
Sherlock rushed forward on unsteady feet and pushed through the people running towards him. He didn’t see anyone suspicious lurking by and headed straight to the fire. A pair of feet was visible under the rubble and without a second thought; he reached forward and pulled them out.
“No, stay alive John.” Sherlock said firmly. “I’m right here, you recognized me. You know it’s me, John!”
John awoke to kisses being pressed along his cheek. He shifted; suddenly realizing he had fallen asleep, and he opened his eyes. All he could see were dark curls against his face, and a second later he felt Sherlock’s lips start to suck on the pulse of his neck.
“The fridge is already packed,” Sherlock informed. “There will be food deliveries by a different person about once a week or so.”
The doctor peeked John’s opened and indeed they were. John flinched at the light and so she quickened her analysis. She then took John’s hand in her own and squeezed gently.
Sherlock huffed with annoyance and walked to the window. John followed him and placed his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back, rubbing affectionately.
“You’ll feel better,” the woman said. John held his mouth shut, but then the man pinched his nose. John held his breath for as long as he could, but the moment he gasped for air, the man held his jaw hard and kept it open. The woman shoved the two pills down John’s throat, deep enough he nearly choked. The man closed his mouth and kept it closed, tightly holding by the jaw. John gagged up the pills us much he could and tried to squirm out of the grasp, when suddenly, the front doors opened and a group of people stormed into the building.
“Well that’s more believable. John Watson’s not known to run from trouble. Maybe he didn’t leave on his own.”
John was reluctant, but by Sherlock’s expression, the man was determined not to change his plan. John slowly nodded. Sherlock leaned in for a moment, as if to kiss him once more, but instead he turned around and waded through the water towards the hole. He didn’t look back as he squeezed through it, and then he was gone.
Sherlock straightened up and placed his hands on John’s shoulders. He turned him around and then gently but insistently pushed him into their flat through the kitchen door and continued to push him towards their bedroom.
John wrapped an arm around his waist and held him up. Sherlock tried to shuffle his feet, but couldn’t, and bit his lip to keep himself from bursting with frustration. He ignored the offered walker, and leaned into John for support. John gently pulled him forward into the wheelchair, and then sat him down. He wheeled him into the shower room and helped him into the shower chair. He pushed the chair out and then hesitated by the curtain.
John let out a sigh of content and moved a hand to cup Sherlock’s jaw. He tilted it towards him and placed a meaningful kiss to Sherlock’s lips. Pulling apart, he whispered against the detective’s lips.
“Oh, well when I first saw this car, I saw this guy inside, and then I heard voices coming closer, so I hid. I then hovered by the door, and waited. I decided not to come inside until you saw me.”
“You have nothing to be sorry for,” John repeated. “It’s all on me. I initiated it. You just had a nightmare; you were vulnerable. I didn’t mean for it to happen like this, and it won’t again. I’m sorry it’s making things uncomfortable. Just forget it ever happened.”
John felt full consciousness rise in his body at that voice and tilted his head to see Sherlock facing him; his eyes were wide open and lucid of sleep.
“It’s DOCTOR Watson!” John bellowed. He turned on his feet, ignored the looks from other patients and staff, and reached the receptionist desk by the front. He stalked past her and tried to open the doors, but they wouldn’t budge. They had kept them locked ever since the rain incident.
John shook his head immediately. Sherlock tensed slightly, and seemed even more reluctant as he explained.
“Amazing,” John breathed. “There are also some Iris seeds. I’ve heard they’re a good omen to good news or something like that…”
Sherlock nodded again. He knew John was withholding something, but chose to confront him about it later—or perhaps ask is a better term for it.
“I know,” Sherlock replied. “I thought you coming along with me would let things go back to normal. But, then you fell.”
“Your brother said I’m only here to check your progress. I’ll be here every few days or so. And I’ll show you some exercises to keep you fit. Your partner can watch and then he can help you with them in the future.”
“He was injected by the culprit when he tried to get away. He had forgotten the year and thought it was when we weren’t married, before we were even together.”
Sherlock nodded, and closed his eyes, ignoring John’s offer to hold his hand. The nurse pushed the switch and the bed began to move upwards. It only moved an inch, and pain shot through Sherlock’s chest and back, vanishing at his waist. He clenched his jaw, muffling his groaning as the bed shifted again, two more inches, and then a pause. He breathed in deeply, ignoring the tears leaking out of the corner of his eyes. He was already breaking out into a sweat. He refused to look at John, but grabbed the offered hand before it was out of reach.
“Go on, John.” Sherlock suddenly felt nervous but he looked at John fondly, offering a small smile of encouragement. John smiled nervously and reached into his pocket. He pulled out a small box and placed it in front of Sherlock.
“Well there’s not much left to go on is there? Besides, I barely got a good look of him. He could easily wear a disguise. How did you find him?”
John sniffled and leaned back so he could look up at the other man. “Damn right I’m angry. And—.” John clenched his mouth, his lips trembling. “So fucking relived Sherlock, Jesus, I thought you were actually going to die—.” He inhaled deeply, and followed it with a shaky exhale. He remained kneeling but withdrawn and silent, breathing deeply in order to calm himself down.
John clutched at Sherlock, tugging at the detective scarf. His breathing was ragged with settle gurgling sounds.
John took this to mean he should stop his demonstration. He took off his mask, gloves and surgical apron with remarkable speed.
He could at least do his part by distracting the anatomy teacher who had probably gone and reported them for the disappearance of his girlfriend Sandra. And for John hitting him unconscious.
John noticed that George was flitting around as if trying to find an escape plan right in the middle of his class. He hoped Sherlock had the decency to phone Lestrade to secure an arrest. John tried to keep his suspect and the class occupied.
“You utter madman, of course I’ll move back in ‘directly and without hesitation’!” John said in an imitation of Sherlock’s drawling voice.
John couldn’t stand the awkwardness. Sherlock was already dressed and ready when John had woken up. He had said he was going to look for more evidence he could use from the crime scene while John was at a seminary on cricothyrotomy.
But Sherlock knew the release wasn’t nearly enough. Talking about feelings was never their strong point. John had so much more hidden. The man was always hidden behind layers. Maybe the Hug was just one of those things that they would pretend never happened.
“Also your sister Harry Watson? Her pretty ex-wife Clara is one of my exes. I always say the ex of my ex is my friend. The lesbian world is tiny, I tell you!” Maria exclaimed with a wink.
“What? That is preposterous!” Sherlock cried out in shock, “Even you of average intelligence should know you’re being irrational! Your wedding is only in a few weeks! You love Mary!”
Sherlock had stepped closer, no doubt to offer John some comfort. Comfort John knew he didn’t deserve.
That wall had seen a lot of beautiful times between them. Sherlock liked reminiscing about when he and John laughed after the cabbie case and joked about invading Afghanistan. That had been their first case together. John had forsaken his cane and killed a man for him that night. He was so radiant when he laughed. Sherlock wondered what went wrong along the way.
Nobody could understand his mind, much less his feelings. He had always been a freak, just like Donavan said.
“So now we’ve gone through premises and autopsy protocol, I will need a volunteer to demonstrate! John Watson? Will you come up?” George asked with a sly smile.
“I did not boil an egg, I scrambled it John. You have a preference for scrambled eggs, don’t you? Did I get it wrong?” Sherlock frowned as he placed his plate on the table.
“I am sorry, you are so skilled at everything from surgery to crime-solving I lost my wits for a moment. What I meant to say is that I have attended several other medical courses where Dr George Sampler was the lecturer and I am very glad you have arrested him. He made some unsavory jokes which I dismissed as I thought it came from being an anatomy teacher, but they made the female students uncomfortable. But then he—he--” Cynthia stopped and seemed at loss for words, suddenly gasping for air. Maria touched her forearm lightly, lightly rubbing her thumb in small circles.
John had to accept that he could both chastise himself for hurting his best friend and accept that Sherlock thanked him for his apology.
“Well then Sherlock! If I am so wrong, I’ll let the universally acclaimed genius do the deducing! Deduce me Sherlock!” John demanded.
Sherlock must have seen the glint in John's eye that meant he was actually curious and ready to be amazed by the detective’s cleverness. Sherlock stood impressively illuminated by the streetlamp under the window.
"Yeah that--is true. Yeah. Sometimes i just--need to see the exit, because then there was no way out back then...But you're wrong about the girlfriends, I loved them and that's why i let them choose!"
John’s alarms started to blare. He’d wanted the first time he saw Sherlock shirtless to be in lust, but he had a strong foreboding feeling this was not what Sherlock wanted him to see tonight.
John had tried to joke, but it did not seem to land well with Sherlock, who lowered his eyes and mumbled to the ground:
“You are clean shaven: you wanted to make a good impression at the restaurant. You have bags under your eyes: haven’t slept, but that isn’t too difficult to deduce given that it is 4AM at present. You are in your pajamas that Mary finds ugly but fit you rather well. You keep swallowing and clearing your throat because you didn’t brush your teeth last night. You are smiling rather fondly at me, probably due to lack of sleep, but also because you enjoy watching me at my deductions,” Sherlock deduced. He then started looking around the room.
“Um Doctor Watson? John? I—I just wanted to say—um—sorry the nerves are getting to me!” Cynthia giggled awkwardly like a schoolgirl.
Even if Sherlock would not be forgiven, he could try to make John happy. John’s happiness sometimes (more rarely these days) elicited a smile, which would warm the emptiness inside Sherlock for a second. Sherlock would then store that smile into his mind palace to review at leisure and glean out as much pleasure as he could out of it.
Sherlock suddenly turned to stare at John. Then he seemed to get a grip on himself and nodded. John was unsure what to say next. He just went with the flow of emotions. This was something he had to do. Not just as a favor Mycroft, but a debt to Sherlock.
“Haha…yes…that’s right…just…don’t go leaking that to the press…it’s not official yet…we better get going…isn’t that right Sherlock?...” John attempted weakly, awkwardly rubbing the back of his neck, ready to get out of there.
“No problem, we hope you find you find him! He mentioned a train…” Cynthia responded with a worried smile.
It had taken John’s breath away. He had thought he was going to die so he had not really pondered it, but now that the expression was back on Sherlock’s face, he was hit by its intensity.
They were thankfully at another restaurant than Sandra’s: less like a pub and more upper scale. This was probably a place where pompous Cambridge students went after their graduation ceremonies. John was glad Sherlock seemed to have pla gnned for the occasion (in case they had to do an important presentation for their classes) and had thought of bringing John’s best suit. John wistfully remembered Sherlock telling him it brought out his eyes. Sherlock looked amazing too. Of course he always did, but he stood out in his elegant navy suit and crisp white shirt.
“Sherlock, I’m sorry for storming off. I was angry but as you said we need to work this case together if we want to solve it and prevent more murders. Which is what we do -- you and I. This is what we do, and we were good at it too, before you—” John had to stop there to swallow, “Before you – left. We haven’t been on cases where we had to pretend to be a couple before and I’ve never been to Norway before, but we have done so many other things this won’t even be the most ridiculous. You in that sheet at Buckingham palace will always be more ridiculous. So that's that. I'm coming.”
Sherlock was snoring softly, his face relaxed by sleep. He was sleeping on his stomach and had a curl of hair moving back and forth in time with his exhales. John was suddenly absurdly grateful that Sherlock did not sleep on his back and that must have spared him pain these past months.
Sherlock shook his head sadly as a tear rolled out. He wiped his cheek with his shoulder, letting John’s hands rest on top of his.
Sherlock listing these horrors like he would a shopping list made John’s gut twist. But as soon as he opened his mouth Sherlock had more to say.
Sometimes Sherlock wished John could have hit just a little harder, if it meant John felt good enough to reveal some more. It was a frightening thought. But it was a thought worth considering when there was so much dullness and boredom. He could do with a smoke. Just to take off the edge. Just one…
John was awoken by a loud snore of Sherlock’s. Sherlock had taken over most of the bed, and most of the covers, which left John freezing in a corner. Well, that was to be expected from such a self-absorbed man as Sherlock.
“Oh, I’ve already performed this surgery on the field. Maybe somebody who hasn’t tried it before should be given the opportunity to try it out? I wouldn’t want to steal the show.” John admitted this as a modest gentleman to his peers, while giving a subtle calculating glance towards his teacher. George caught the glance and gave John a smug look.
Sherlock still was in the same position, but John noticed Sherlock’s hands were trembling where he was clenching his own thighs. John placed himself on his knees in front of Sherlock, who still had his eyes tightly shut. He looked like he was holding in a dam of emotion.
John was not stupid, he knew Sherlock to be attracted to criminals and psychopaths. Irene Adler was a criminal and he knew Sherlock was attracted to her cleverness. John was so dull and boring compared to the intellectual games to be had with someone like Irene or Sandra. John admitted to himself that what he was feeling was jealousy. Which was the most stupid feeling to have so close to one’s wedding.
John realized with a twist in his gut he’d seen this face aimed at him before, in the abandoned train-car-turned-bomb from the 5th of November. This was a face he used to get information. Sensitive information you could say.
Honestly when he first met Sherlock he thought Sherlock had started flirting with him. Shows how appearances can be deceiving. Sherlock was married to his work and would never be interested in him.
Sherlock was curled into a ball on the room’s only armchair, watching the television with tired eyes.
John didn’t need to go more into detail about what that meant, he knew Sherlock understood. It meant, “We have done so much for each other and we will keep on doing so”. It meant, “You’ve witnessed my worst nightmares and yet you’re still here”. It meant, “Sherlock my use of adjectives is sincerely what I think of you”. It meant, “You can deduce which side of the bed I’ll chose before I even see it myself”. It meant, “Our love saved us in ways we didn’t think possible”.
It was true that Sherlock basically never slept during cases so he would not have been able to witness it often. But they were flat mates! He knew all about the violin screeching at ungodly hours of the morning, but not of snoring.
After that breakfast and John’s stilted comments about his repressed emotions, things had gone back to the hateful distance and awkwardness between them. John was still going to regular therapy and coming back grumpy every time. John was going to the gym a lot, presumably using the punching bag and pretending it was Sherlock. John had also been to Lestrade and Molly’s and presumably made a lot of tedious small talk to convey how grateful he was for them and their taking care of baby Watson. Rosie. He could not call her Watson anymore, Sherlock reminded himself.
Sherlock appeared at the corner of his visual field. When John looked up the stairwell, Sherlock flinched.
“Yes ok, but what place does she…this...this...cheater! What does she have to do with this case?” John tried not to think of the fact Sherlock said the word gay out loud as if it was the easiest thing in the world.
“And you! You must know what your freak did to Sandra!” George panted as if demented, “Tell your boyfriend freak to spit it out!”
“Good morning, class. Welcome to your lesson on airway emergencies. We will as you probably already know if you’ve studied your course booklets, be speaking not only of tracheal intubation and tracheotomy, but also of cricothyrotomy. Or what is also called coniotomy, or emergency airway puncture.”
Suddenly, Sherlock's eyes got more intense than usual. He leaned his head over the table with a smirk. John had a split second to realize what was going on, as he saw a flash of the waitress before Sherlock's face obstructed his view. And Sherlock kissed him on the cheek. Or rather, bumped his lips into John's cheek, narrowly missing his nose.
That night John had a nightmare. It was a nightmare he was familiar with, but the nightmare was just as terrifying every time as if it was his first. It always started in Afghanistan and always ended in sudden noise and blood and suffering.
When this was done, John slumped into a chair. The students around the theatre fell silent. Sherlock fell to his knees by John’s side with his hands hovering in the air, shaking. He took some gauze from the instrument platter and gingerly started dabbing at John’s cheek.
Sherlock sipped at his tea and watched as John tried to control his outrage. Sherlock liked observing the intricate patterns in John’s expressions and mannerisms. The little crease working between his eyebrows. The pulsating blood vessel by his neck. The tell-tale flexing of a hand. The discrete tapping of his foot. The tight pressing of his lips and the tightening of his jaw. John was angry about this whole project and was not to be swayed by logic. Very well then. Sherlock would need to appeal to different neurotransmitters.
It was difficult to not enjoy something that was clearly enjoyable. John realized he must leave this bed at once. Or else he’d get sucked in. He turned the bedside lamp on, extricated himself from Sherlock’s grasp, grabbed his clothes and fled to the bathroom to change. He showered his late night grief away. He always showered in the morning, as Sherlock had deduced one morning: “a routine from army days”.
George seemed to think up another idea. He ran behind Sherlock, wrestled his arm around his neck and pressed the knife to his throat.
“Really, John? We’re a gay couple. To make her trust us and tell us her secret, we need to show her we’re just like her. That we’re on her side. She’s closeted and needs the boyfriend as a cover.”
Moran shrugged “Your friend doesn’t. Now whether or not he comes after you, he’ll still have this conversation in the back of his head to question his actions; he’ll start to think if you’re worth it, if you’re worth his life. He may just conclude he doesn’t mean anything to you.”
John’s eyes lit up, and he leaned forward, his lips nearly smirking. He paused right by Sherlock’s ear, and then whispered. Sherlock shivered at his voice, suddenly feeling excitement flow through his body.
“No. Believe me, I don’t know anything. I’m barely his assistant. I’m not allowed in half of his files. But we mustn’t confront him about this. He’s been sending vague emails; I kind of think their codes, to a few others with fake names over the past year. I looked them up once, but none of them existed, at least in any record I had access to.”
, at least on her part. Then why would John leave? They must have gotten married before Afghanistan, something happening on one of his leaves, resulting in a separation. But then after he was discharged, he appeared to be a broken man with no close relations, so whatever had happened between them, it must have been so bad that John wouldn’t even consider going back to her. John’s voice suddenly broke into Sherlock’s mind.
John clenched his jaw and took a bite from his own plate. “What would you like to do today?” he asked after a moment.
“Yeah.” John said, resigned. “She never showed up. Not at the hospital, or at the airport. I just assumed she was done with me. I didn’t bother contacting her; I figured she would eventually send divorce papers. Even after I moved in here with you, I kept an eye out.”
John’s stomach dropped with guilt as he realized Sherlock was silently crying, wiping his eyes and muttering to himself.
John blinked again. He remained silent for another moment longer, staring incomprehensively at the paperwork. Finally, he looked up.
“What the hell are you doing?” John demanded as he hurried forward. One look of Sherlock’s still body told him just enough to reprimand Smith and drag him away, tossing him carelessly at the guard.
“No.” John choked out and followed it with a whimper, his gaze still directed at the consulting detective.
After several minutes, Sherlock leaned back slightly and gazed up at John. “I need to be with you—we need, can we—”
The disappointment nearly vanished at once and his face relaxed quite significantly. “Oh, right. Okay…good.” He said, a grin tugging at the corners of his mouth.
Sherlock swallowed tightly and wrapped his hand around the tag, trialing his finger along the inscription. He leaned forward and kissed John deeply, deepening the kiss quickly and finding comfort in the brief closeness.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“That was amazing,” the man muttered, obviously on the verge of sleep. He reached for tissues from the table and cleaned them both off before collapsing onto the couch, beside Sherlock. Sherlock remained facing the back of the couch, thinking. He stayed awake for a couple of hours before falling asleep as well.
Sighing, he dried himself off and then wrapped the towel around his waist the best he could, and then reached for the curtain, pulling it open. The wheelchair wasn’t far, so Sherlock took hold of the railing and stood without a second thought.
John had calmed Sherlock down from nightmares before, but this time it took him a few seconds to realize he made a mistake. Sherlock abruptly sat up on the bed and half-lunged half-growled at John, sending hot tea out of John’s hand and spilling over his arm and the blankets. John gasped and flinched away, stumbling. The crutches fell from under his arm as he stumbled backwards; he tried to catch them but missed. John tried to hop and regain his balance, but he didn’t do it in time and fell onto his right side, landing hard on his right wrist and one of the crutches that had fallen behind him.
John slowly managed to focus more, and noticed he was still in the straight jacket. He tried to toss and turn, but the jacket didn’t budge.
John hesitated. “I don’t have my things with me. I’ll just go back to the bedsit and then move in tomorrow.”
By the time they arrived, it was nearly dark, and Sherlock headed straight to the stairs, but stopped in his tracks when John spoke.
“I d-don’t…like this…” John choked. It wasn’t what he wanted to say—there was so much to say, it was overwhelming just to prepare it.
“Do you have a photograph of the body?” Sherlock asked. Lestrade handed him a photo, Sherlock only briefly looked at it before he took a step back from the stairs and looked at the door.
John nodded slowly. “And the fact that it wouldn’t have a key would be telling enough…and you opened the door just now. It can’t. Obviously.” He muttered the last word and bit his lip. “Are you still going to leave me here?”
Sherlock sat on the examination table, after having the CAT scan, and was awaiting a procedure examination. He sighed agitated.
John nodded. Sherlock pulled the shirt over John’s head, and helped get it in place. He grabbed some socks and placed them on John’s feet. He then stood up and sighed.
The next day was turning out to follow the routine of yesterday. Sherlock was currently laying on the sofa, legs stretched out in front of him as he dwelled in his boredom.
John startled and looked up at her. Her brows were furrowed, and her eyes flickered from the book to his face.
Sherlock set down the mug and looked at John closely. His hands were trembling. His jaw was clenched and his eyes were lowered; he was paler and looked startling thinner from this angle. He no longer had a slight amount of weight in his midsection, and his face lacked the sunshine glow John tended to have—he was like a dimming light bulb, on the cusp of burning completely out in front of Sherlock’s very eyes.
“Why have you been—” John waved his hand in between them and around him. Sherlock raised his eyebrows with slightly amusement.
“He was recruited by the leader of the cartel, and gave us his name, and his partner’s. Ronald Silken and another named Jacob. He also goes by Gold or M.M.”
Sherlock blinked. “Oh, right, yeah, I mean…” he stuttered, suddenly embarrassed by what he had said and what it implied.
Sherlock glanced at the woman. For an irrational moment, he was glad he had gotten dressed today, as the woman was nicely put together and otherwise, he wouldn’t appear professional (he knew John would fuss over him when she left). Her shoulder length platinum blonde hair contrasted against her black wrap dress. She clearly just had her hair dyed, originally being a dark red color.
“Keep your eyes closed,” John said. Sherlock did so, however finding it common. He hadn’t been able to figure out what the surprise was, which irritated him, yet he wouldn’t admit he found the new experience of not knowing rather interesting. He had yet to give John’s gift, but John wanted to go first.
“Why I managed to hide under your brother’s radar? Simple, covered my tracks. No one knew who I was when I showed up, which was rare anyway. Moriarty and I spoke through others, and I’ve only met him a handful of times.”
“It’ll be okay,” John whispered. Sherlock inhaled shakily and nodded against him, keeping his hand on his stump.
Sherlock’s voice hitched and he squeezed his eyes shut for a second. “I found them,” he said firmly. John weakly squeezed Sherlock’s hand, urging to give some comfort. He had so many questions, but knew he was going to be asleep very soon. He parted his mouth, urging himself to speak.
“You’re sick.” John jeered. “I heard you just a minute ago—you play with emotions first. That is what you’re doing right now.”
John nodded. “I’m getting tired. Maybe you come back in a couple of hours, see what you come up with.”
“Not my forte,” Sherlock had agreed. “But I have a source—well, sources. So let’s see…Jacob: just your sidekick, keeps an eye on things…how about the mirror on the wall?”
“That…” Sherlock trailed off. He had thought John would leave eventually, once they were settled back at 221B, and taking less cases. He would leave because he wouldn’t be getting the thrill he wanted. But this, this was proving he was staying, wasn’t it? He was providing Sherlock with what he always loved doing—solving cases. So it was ensuring John wouldn't leave, at least not yet.
John opened his eyes as Sherlock slowly stepped closer. His forehead creased as he smiled, greeting Sherlock.
Before being able to take in his surroundings, he was greeted by a rough push to the jaw and stumbled back down the stairs, clumsily rolled down to the bottom, landing on his side. He groaned and glanced up to find a figure towering over him from the top of the stairs. In between them was John’s gun, lying on one of the steps.
“Impatient are we? It’s not everyday one’s partner gets an anniversary gift, hell even to have him remember it,” John said with a gentle smirk.
“Wait, just…” The doctor licked his lips again, but this time with more hesitation rather than flirtation. “Let me buy you a cup of coffee."
Sherlock nodded, and leaned closer, pointing to the victim’s head. “Traumatic brain injury, killing him nearly instantly,” he pointed out.
John didn’t like thinking about Sherlock and Victor, though. His head ached when he did, as did his chest, which had been hurting a lot more recently. Seeing Victor made up knots in his abdomen and a disappointment feeling in place. It was dreadful, and John noticed the day wasn’t much better after he sees them both. To top it off, he still had to think about what Victor had said, which didn’t relive the stress one bit.
Mary stood up and left. John watched her go, and caught her reflection in a mirror as she passed by. She was smiling.
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively and grinned. “Go to Scotland Yard—I’ll notify Lestrade, and he’ll pair you with an illustrator. Describe him as best you can. A face to this man would be most helpful.”
Sherlock tried to keep his hold around John steady, but he was straining himself as he leaned over the tub. Sherlock quickly stood on his knees and pulled John upwards into a sitting position, harsher than before. John yelped and tried to move away.
Inhaling deeply, John loosened his grip off the railing and slid his foot over the edge. Air began to rush around him when suddenly it came to an abrupt halt. A tight grasped held him in the air by his good shoulder, and subconsciously John gripped the side, suddenly desperate for a hold. Looking up, he saw Sherlock looking down upon him; eyes shockingly wide.
“Well, it has its holes, so to speak. First and foremost, Moran is alive. You told John he’s dead. You might want to break the news soon, before he…
The man choked again, and Sherlock squeezed harder, feeling the skin around the man’s neck part. He parted his hands and noticed the two layers; quickly he leaned away slightly and slid his hand underneath the space and pulled. The silicone mask ripped upwards, and the man’s face appeared as Bradley Stan.
.” He insisted. It didn’t sound like a plea, more like a command, but his eyes begged to differ: they were glistening with an emotion Mycroft had never seen in his younger brother before.
“He seemed rather sad about George. He was charming; obviously cares about his patients and their partners.”
“Do you… want to know what is wrong? What’s happened to me, Sherlock? Why I’m so cold, so distant—why I’m trying to ignore you? You want to know what happened to me? You, YOU HAPPENED TO ME!”
John was hooked onto too many machines, and he looked small and vulnerable in the large bed and against the alabaster sheets. Sherlock bit his lip and took John’s hand, squeezing it gently. He stayed awake for a few hours, observing John’s ragged breathing, before leaning forward and resting his head against John’s hand.
“Right, so that’s done,” Sherlock said dismissively. “Any sightings of John?” he tried to ask casually, but his voice quivered the slightest, only Mycroft would have caught it. Sherlock absently rubbed his left ring finger, and blanketed his face as he looked up.
Through the window, John was lying still on the bed, alone. Sherlock slowly entered the room and went up to his bedside.
A paramedic was bandaging the cut on his forehead while his brother fussed over him like their mother. Nobody was critically injured in the accident; which was something Mycroft couldn’t stop gratifying over.
“Yoo woo.” An elderly woman appeared in the doorway. “Hello Sherlock.” She caught sign of John. “Oh, and you’re the man moving in.”
“He’s waking up. We’ll take the tube out, and he may be groggy for a few hours before he’s lucid.” The doctor gently pulled the tube out with the aid of the nurse, and John coughed roughly. He inhaled deeply but remained asleep.
Sherlock inhaled sharply and closed his eyes. His eyes stung and his throat felt like something was stuck in it, but he swallowed tightly and shakily exhaled.
John finished the plate of fruit, and then lowered his bed down for a quick nap. He winced, feeling something uncomfortable near his abdomen. He lifted his jumper up and saw, already, reddish blue bruising forming around his ribs on the right side.
John leaned back and pulled his shirt over his head. Sherlock did the same, and the both leaned back into each other; John cupped Sherlock’s cheeks and cradled his head as he kissed him passionately. Sherlock clutched at his waist, pulling him as close as possible without having him fall off the bed.
Sherlock widened his eyes with a very quizzical look in his gaze. He also looked bothered, as if something else was still on his mind.
Starting to panic, Sherlock crept closer until he was right beside him. John’s right arm sleeve was stained red, which looked alarmingly like blood.
Sherlock looked back at the paper, and looked over each one, deciding on which would be easy to try first. He glanced up at John, who was still blushing.
Something felt odd in Sherlock’s mind, and he suddenly found himself thrashing out of the bed—or at least, moving his arms rapidly as he threw the blankets off of him and tried to sit up. His chest was tight and heavy, he couldn’t find the ability to breathe, and suddenly realized that breathing wouldn’t be so boring after all.
“We’ll check out the crime scene again. He’s gone back there for something he left, probably the murder weapon, before Scotland Yard finds it, although if it’s taken you this long Fletcher would probably get it before you do.”
John nodded and then slowly lied back down. He kept the blanket at his waist and squirmed into the uncomfortable position against the pillows.
“He changed his identity. But I’m sure Canterbury will give it up.” Sherlock started towards the door, putting his coat on and scarf.
John bristled. “Well, then you come up with some idea, genius!” John bit his tongue and clenched his mouth shut. A second passed, and Sherlock remained silent.
“So, how’s your hand?” John asked as he sat down in the restaurant. Sherlock briefly looked down at his palm before answering.
