She insists that they don’t buy her a wig. It’ll only be itchy, she says, so she doesn’t get one. Besides, it’ll grow back eventually.
The gun in question is actually John’s gun, now feeling much lighter than it was when it had left Baker Street. The detective has his hands wrapped around it, knuckles white except for the spatters of blood painting them. He is crouching on the ground and leaning over something which Lestrade is trying his best to remain oblivious to but is failing to do so, and staring.
Despite the morphine that was shooting through his veins, John was in pain. “Do you want me to get a nurse?” Sherlock inquired- for the first time in his life he was unsure of what to do.
I'm by his side in an instant, as is Lestrade. The Detective Inspector is swearing, shouting curses as he fumbles for his phone. I feel his hand on my shoulder as I look down at John. There are screams but they are not from John. I have no consideration for that.
Swiftly moving past him I take out my keys and unlock the front door, ignoring the Detective Inspector who is calling my name. He is quick in following me up the stairs, moving two steps at a time in order to keep up with me. By the time he has reached the landing he is out of breath, panting. Once I am inside 221B,  I turn to him, gesturing for him to sit down (although he probably would have taken a seat anyway).
“He’s stable.” Sherlock averted his attention back to his partner and pressed his mouth to John’s hand.
Whatever Mycroft had to say next, he didn’t succeed in doing so. Sherlock is in the rain with a hand pressed against his brother’s throat. The umbrella is discarded on the ground beside them. “May I remind you, brother dear, that Rosie is
Harry ended up in the hospital. The police had been informed that Harry was victim to a mugging and the officers didn't suspect anything further. It made John and his mother sick to their stomachs but they just couldn't say anything. His sister was old enough to leave home and the only time John was allowed to see her was when his father was on business trips. Even then, his father detested the idea of his son going near her. He didn't want him to be 'influenced by her vulgar choices.'
After around five minutes of me embracing John, allowing him to free his emotions, his sobs eventually subsided and he pulled his head back slightly, although, he kept his arms wrapped tightly around myself. Gorgeous blue eyes glanced up at me, red rimmed and glassy from the tears that he was no longer allowing himself to shed.
“And it appears that in those years you haven’t become any less stupid.” They glared at one another, eyes never losing focus.
“Rest, Sherlock. Even if you don’t sleep. Just try and relax, even for a couple of hours.” He goes over to the bed.
He cannot help but notice how tiny his medic looks and it’s unsurprising considering the circumstances. Never in all of his military service has Sholto seen a man so determined to live as John, who, despite seeing the worst of it all and having men die as he held them through their final breaths, continued to smile and remain optimistic. Despite every loss of life and every failed mission John never once lost hope that they could get through this. Now, Sholto cannot help but pity him. His face and hands are burnt from being caught in the Afghan sun for so long without shelter, and bandages cover his chest from where his wound is healing. The infection turned out to be so severe that he was left dealing with gangrene.
Glaring at him, I yanked myself away from his grip and grabbed my bag, slamming the door to the classroom as I left, giving everyone the middle finger as I went.
Things had changed since those times, however. He and his mother always tried to please their father, anything to avoid getting any more torrents of abuse than was necessary. When John's sister, Harry, came out to their father eight years ago, John had never been so terrified in his life. His mother had been accepting, saying that it didn't matter who she fell in love with. Just as long as she found happiness, that was all that mattered to her. Their dad on the other hand...
It is barely three days after everything has been withdrawn that he really begins to deteriorate. He is rushed to hospital, blue lights blaring.
John paused, watched Sherlock as he took John's hand in his own, touching delicate little kisses to his knuckles. "We need to talk."
"Oh my God," John gasped, hand pressed to his stomach. "We're not supposed to laugh in these situations!" Sherlock's hand came up to press at his mouth to suppress a laugh but it was a futile attempt.
“How could I forget Bluebell?” Sherlock stood there, staring at the man on the bed. After a while, John spoke.
He is woken up three hours later. A nurse who I have not seen before removes the tube from his throat to help him breathe as he will be able to do so on his own now. I'm holding his hand when he does eventually wake. They're cold. He can't move his neck to face me as he has a neck brace on. I was told before I visited that it is to prevent any form of spinal movement as they don't want to aggravate the injury further.
"He's your partner, Sherlock." My fists clench together, the knuckles turning white from how tightly I am squeezing my fist. He is my partner and I am his. I will stay with him, no matter how difficult this may be and how much we will need to adjust to our new lives. John will get through this. I will get through this. Together. "Fucking hell this must be so hard for you."
The two of them sat in companionable silence in Mrs Hudson’s flat as they ate bourbon biscuits and custard creams. The silence was eventually broken by Mrs Hudson who said, “John really is rather remarkable.”
John smiled sympathetically. “Definitely, Mrs Hudson. I need some normalcy around here. Thanks for coming.”
We made it up the seventeen steps to the flat and within a second of the door slamming shut, Sherlock was pinning me against the wall of 221B Baker Street and kissing me fervently, grabbing my hips with his hands and pulling me into him.
were they arguing about?” John thought back to the evening of his mother’s death. He’d only just arrived home after returning from Sherlock’s house, Sherlock right behind him.
“Sherlock!” Mycroft spoke for the first time that morning as well, staring at his little brother before he could go on a rant. The small congregation of people all looked at Mycroft, waiting for him to continue. “Leave the poor inspector alone. Dear Lord, he cannot tell you what he doesn’t know.”
After he died, I found it hard to cope. The motivation to continue onwards just stopped and I spiralled downhill, finding new distractions, not focussing on myself. Not that I did that much before he died, but he helped. John helped me so much, although I was reluctant to admit it.
He wants to scream at the top of his lungs. Interrupt the silence that surrounds him. There isn't anyone to stop him, after all, not since John left. Well, he says left. John didn't leave. He was taken.
“You’re going through withdrawal- it’s perfectly normal to be reacting this way.” Lestrade turned the corner into the drive of the inpatient rehab centre and parked promptly.
There are powerful hands gripping John’s shoulders and Sherlock’s voice suddenly fills John’s ears. “Get off!” He’s calling. “John, don’t make this any worse than it needs to be.” He struggles against the forcefulness of Sherlock’s hands on him and instead focuses on his father squirming beneath him. John’s grip is unrelenting and he shakes and shakes and shakes. Soon he registers the beeping machines surrounding him and there are another pair of hands, this time around his waist.
“11:07. What time is visiting?” Going into the kitchen, Mrs Hudson began making Sherlock some breakfast, assuming he hadn’t eaten this morning. She rummaged around the cabinets, the only thing she managed to produce being a can of baked beans. “Honestly, Sherlock, you need to keep your cupboards stocked.”
Molly had avoided looking at Sherlock, opting to avert her gaze to the discarded piece of toast left over on her plate. Sherlock glared at her disapprovingly.
"No, I shouldn't." She agreed. John's brows furrowed as she spoke. Why was she saying this then? "But, I can only imagine what your father's going to say. So, just hurry the hell up before he comes home. I just want what's best for you, John."
“This bloody tube-“ He pointed to the side of his chest, which turned out to be a big mistake as the sudden movement of his arm caused his whole body to tighten, the pain overwhelming.
Mycroft." The elder Holmes knows in an instant what he means and immediately he is grabbing his coat and getting into one of his cars. Sherlock needs him, more than ever.
Blood is dripping from his forehead, nose and mouth, trailing down his chin and neck and pooling in a puddle on the ground underneath him. There is a wet patch forming on his jeans and I realise that he has lost control of his bladder.
“When I got old enough Mummy allowed me to walk him by myself. Of course, I always came here and there was always something new to discover. It’s a fascinating place. This is the first time I’ve come here since Redbeard died.”
“Did I really stop breathing?” John asked, the seriousness in his voice disguising any sense of the haziness that was there just seconds before. He suddenly looked small, as if all the barriers that had always been up had suddenly disappeared, and what was left was the fragile shell of a man who had been through so many awful things in his life that he was just a shadow of who he used to be.
“A couple of hours ago I suppose. I’m fine.” The sky is dark now and the street lights have turned on, illuminating the darkness of Sherlock’s living room. The orange light emits a glow that reaches Sherlock’s face, making every one of his features more prominent, more beautiful. He smiles, and Sherlock lifts a hand to his shoulder. The touch is delicate, just a brush of fingertips to the cotton of his shirt but an eruption of warmth ignites within him and he is
“He’s stable. The morphine has him knocked out right now. I plan on returning later, of course.” Mycroft smirked at the other two in the room- exactly what he had said. “John’s going to remain in the ICU for observation.”
John." My boyfriend peered upwards, his eyes meeting mine once again. Wet eyelashes clung to the blotchy skin from where he had been crying. He looked at me and bowed his head slightly.
I stood to the side as I watched Lestrade lean over the frail figure on the bed, giving him what could only be described as a goodbye hug. Tears which he had been trying so hard to suppress spilled over as he spoke to John, thanking him for being his friend. And it was as if John knew something was happening, knew that Greg had said the first goodbye because in that instant, everything changed and John was going too, moving on.
"John told me I could go." I say, my voice serious as I speak to Lestrade. He glances up at me from his seat on the sofa and runs his hand through his hair.
“My brother here has decided to go back on the drugs. I’m sure you remember how he was the last time that happened.” He turned back to Sherlock. “Do you remember, Sherlock?”
“I’m trying,” Sherlock responded, adjusting his head so that his eyes were no longer following John. He knew it was in John’s best interests to be alone for a bit, to calm down. Sherlock knew he wouldn’t go far. He furrowed his brow. “Though you can’t expect John to forgive your father.”
After a lot of struggling and shouting, Lestrade managed to get Sherlock in the back of a police car. He thought it would be a little too harsh on him if he were to take him to the station (although he had every reason to) so instead, he took him to the one place where he knew he would be looked after. Lestrade had considered taking him back to Baker Street but after much thought he decided it would be best if Sherlock wasn’t anywhere near Mrs Hudson, not when he was so vulnerable and aggressive. They hadn’t informed Mrs Hudson of what had happened to John yet.
“What were they arguing about?” Harry interrupted, shooting John with a harsh glare that told him that she was taking no shit whatsoever. She was angry, just as much as John was.
I manoeuvred myself into a crouching position and held out my hands for John, waiting for him to hold onto them. When he did, I noticed the corner of his lip twitch upwards into what could only be described as a smile. Not a very big one, but a smile nonetheless.
"I need to tell them." John breathed heavily against Sherlock's lips as he pressed him up against the thick branch of a tree that was in the forest behind his house.
"Just be here for me." He says and I know how difficult it is for him to ask me this. But I will oblige and I will do absolutely anything I can to support him.
“I’ve never liked hospitals.” Sherlock stated after a considerable amount of silence. John raised his eyebrows.
I clenched my jaw as I turned to face them. They looked at me with confusion when I told them to shut up.
The last thing I remembered was Dawson kneeling over me, sweat coating his forehead, before ripping my uniform open and pressing his hands to my wound and that's when I finally let out the cries, the screams. But I know it wasn't because of the physical pain.
“Ah, brother.” Mycroft stood, pressing his hands to Sherlock’s shoulders which in turn spun him around, and ushered him out the door.
“Sibling rivalries. My sister and I used to have them all the time. I’m sure it’s nothing for you to worry about, John.” She squeezed his hand but before the conversation could proceed any further, Dr Holden came through the doors of the ICU and called through the curtains surrounding John’s bed.
here, Graham?” Sherlock remained seated, though his body became noticeably more rigid. Mrs Hudson had shut the door and was loitering behind the new guests, torn between being welcoming or reprimanding for coming in uninvited.
He didn't respond and I began to panic. Pressing my fingers to his neck, I sought out his pulse, finding one but only faintly.
Sherlock stopped eating and put his fourth bourbon back on his plate before lifting his head and looking at Mrs Hudson. “I am worried.”
“Stay away from me.” John spits back, his voice vehement and laced with a venom for which he didn’t think he was capable of. “Just stay back.” John doesn’t look at his father,
is what he wants to say, but the moment John moves his lips is the moment that all of this suddenly becomes
“Got any biscuits?” Smiling, Mrs Hudson patted the detective on the shoulder, a warm smile on her face.
“Mrs Hudson, have some tea and sit down.” She sat down on the sofa in the living room and waited for Sherlock to make the tea, before he came and sat down as well. He took no time whatsoever in telling their landlady exactly what had happened.
By the time they have finished they are both covered in a fine sheen of perspiration. John is panting and Sherlock’s curls stick to his forehead, which he then separates by running his fingers through it.
That morning was the same as any other. The limp was there, the nightmares, the screaming. He looked at his gun again, like he did every other day, before putting it back in the drawer.
"I want to be able to spend as much time as I can with you. Leaving university is the only way I can do that. Not to mention that you are only going to become weaker and will need fulltime care. I hate the thought of leaving you, John and it is because of university that I have to. Now, I am quite capable of finishing this chemistry degree and I do intend to, one day, but not in the near future. I know you don't want to be hearing this because you hate the thought of pulling me back but honestly, this is the only logical solution. Don't look at me like that John, you know it's true." Sherlock sighed, hanging his head into his arms. Everything was getting to him at the moment.
The buzzing of the shaver could be heard as Sherlock drew it through John's hair, taking it away before the drugs could attack his body properly and humiliate him. It would be his decision.
whenever she wakes up. He’s brilliant with her. Really, really brilliant.” John taps his thumb on the counter, a sadness in his eyes as he speaks to the detective inspector, a sadness that speaks volumes. Lestrade has never seen a man more broken and it pains him to see his friend so helpless, knowing he can’t do anything to make the situation better.
“My mother and I, we were walking Redbeard together.” Sherlock fiddles with a thread of cotton on his coat. “Redbeard was my dog- I couldn’t have been much older than six when we first got him. He was a silly thing, inquisitive and always getting himself into mischief. Anyway, I was walking him and he managed to pull out of his collar and ran into this opening. Thankfully we caught him before he could get any further but ever since that incident we walked him here. He loved it.” Sherlock smiles to himself as he remembers Redbeard, remembers all of the memories they shared together in this location.
“Are you really so stupid?” Mycroft rolled his eyes, exasperated. Every single time this happened, every single time Sherlock was hospital bound due to some ridiculous overdose, this was his response.
I snap immediately. "He's paralysed. I do not think that is doing well." The anger that I have felt at the whole situation is taking over and I cannot think rationally.
Aileen asks whether I would like her or Mycroft to take me outside and I don't have to think twice before answering. My brother grips the chair and pushes me outside to the courtyard where we sit, enjoying the fresh air. It is Mycroft who talks first.
Sherlock is the one who pulls away first and when he looks up to his brother Mycroft cannot help but feel broken at the sight of him. He was the picture of a defeated man.
"Oh, John." Sherlock murmured, knowing that anything he said wouldn't help the situation in the slightest. He had never met John's father- the nights that Sherlock stayed round, he made sure that John's father was out getting drunk, never giving him that chance of possibly discovering the two's relationship. "Shh, we can get through this. We'll sort it out."
He exhales and presses his eyes together, a single tear dripping down his cheek. The swelling has gone down a lot since yesterday. I'm afraid to hurt him further so I am as careful as I can be.
The burial was a nice affair- as nice as a funeral could be, Sherlock thought. After all, it's never nice placing the body of a loved one in the ground for all of eternity for it to decay inside a box.
Immediately Lestrade is kneeling in front of me, both hands resting on each wheel of my chair. He's trying to control my breathing, mimicking a regular breathing pattern to try and control me. Mycroft is speaking to the driver.
He thought they'd have a lifetime together. Just him and John, without a worry. Never did he realise how wrong he would be.
He presses his eyes closed when he feels the tears stinging them, willing himself not to cry, but he can’t. He feels them unrelenting and suddenly he’s sobbing, trying to figure out what went wrong.
"John, like I said, you don't have to worry. When the time comes, I will sort something about. I promise." The time comes sooner than he thinks.
Lifting his hands, Sherlock gripped one hand to John's shoulder blade, his nails digging in and leaving red crescent shapes in the tanned skin. His other hand drifted lower until it was gripping John's arse as they moved together, their erections sliding together as they did so. John let out a low moan, his grip on Sherlock's hair tightening ever so slightly.
He knows the answer soon after because Sherlock lifts a shaking hand to his forehead and wipes again, this time leaving an even bigger smear. Then comes the pressure on his chest and
“Harry- listen to me. Harry!” His sister finally stops speaking. “You need to slow down. I can’t understand what you’re saying.”
John can hear his father stepping closer to him, albeit tentatively. He doesn’t allow him any closer, however. In an instant John is through the kitchen doors and into the hallway, grabbing his coat. He can’t be in this house any longer.
"I know," I say. I don't know, not really. No one knows the pain until they're in that situation. "I know." I press my lips to his, a gentle kiss, a reassurance. He will never be alone in this. Never.
"I should hope so," Sherlock chuckled, but it was without humour. There wasn't going to be any humour for the foreseeable future, as far as Sherlock was concerned. Before John could continue speaking, Sherlock carried on. "How long?"
- John realised when just the sight of Sherlock on his knees finally made his own legs too wobbly to stand.
With Sherlock's mouth only inches away from his cock and his finger working gently on his arse, John knew they were already past the point where he should be embarrassed about admitting what must have been obvious, how else would Sherlock possibly have thought it was necessary to even ask this question.
Sherlock had barely touched him so far, but only watching the possibilities and seeing them unfold so clearly in front of his own eyes made John's breathing go shallow and it was simply too much to bear.
And almost unannounced, there was a feeling bubbling up inside John that made him feel like his chest was about to burst.
''John, mere minutes ago I had your cock so deep in my throat and your hand so hard in my hair that I came without touching myself.'' Sherlock pointedly ignored the way his cheeks heated as he said it and when the memory of it assaulted his mind. ''I'd say it was rather obvious that I want you to help me clean up the mess you're responsible for.''
John felt his mouth getting dry at the sight, while he was perfectly aware that Sherlock's probably was all but that, the way he was working that lolly...
"I mean, it's... it's been ages since someone gave me a lollipop, and anyway, that's something more for children, isn't it? Grown-ups usually don't..." But his voice trailed off again, as Sherlock decided to have another go, and -
Sherlock looked back up to John and he knew. Sherlock had said it so easily, that he would anything for John, that he'd let John do anything to him. Whatever he wanted. Anything to make sure he'd see John like this again, to have him underneath his hands again.
So when Lestrade had called him, begging him to take on the case that involved the missing director of a sweet factory, Sherlock couldn’t resist it. He had to know.
God, he wanted so much. He wanted to wreck Sherlock even more than the way Sherlock was currently wrecking him, and John knew that this whole development had been rather one-sided up until this point, but right now... god, how was it possible that there were even more ways how Sherlock could drive him out of his mind?
Sherlock placed the lolly on the table next to John's chair, desperate to have his hands free and he moved closer. "Hold my hair," Sherlock muttered as he lowered his mouth on John and with one last heated look directed at John's face, he swallowed him down.
John could hear himself whimper when Sherlock's finger stroked over his prostate, and all he could in this moment was to beg for sweet death, while Sherlock apparently tried to wrinkle every last bit of sanity out of John's body just by using
Sherlock very nearly dropped the lollipop when John admitted to... to what, exactly? What if John had misunderstood him? What if -
He also didn't remember ever having been so hard, and wasn't quite sure if this was simply because it was true or because Sherlock had somehow erased parts of his memory by doing... what he was doing...
Sherlock lowered the lollipop away from his mouth when John asked for his help and Sherlock shuffled his way over to John on his knees.
"I'm not sure this is how you do it," he tried to word his thoughts, while Sherlock gave the tip a rather suggestive twirl and John silently begged his own lolly, err, crotch to keep it together.
John didn't know when he had started panting, didn't remember which other sounds might had left his mouth in the last few minutes, but now tried to catch his breath, while could feel Sherlock's on his own face, and how was it possible that they both had lived with this desire all this years without having bursted.
"Eating... a lollipop," he added, but realised that he was fighting a lost battle in the game of unfortunate innuendos.
It was too easy not to. It was too easy not to grab the lollipop and put it into his mouth. Too easy not to suck on it and imagining John's eyes on him as he did so.
John felt like he was about to blackout - and while somewhere in the back of his head he hoped that Sherlock would be able to take it, he couldn't keep back anymore and started thrusting into Sherlock's mouth in earnest now, digging his one hand into Sherlock's curls and the fingernails of the other into the skin on the hand he still was holding - and giving a godforsaken damn about how loud he might be.
John looked down at him, and this tease was still holding onto this goddamn lolly as if John's cock wouldn't be enough to satisfy his oral fixation, and started to lick on it again just inches away from John's crotch, which desperately sought for release from its textile prison.
"Christ, Sherlock," he breathed, and blindly got hold of that hand of Sherlock's which currently was not inside him, but which Sherlock had placed on John's hips to stabilise them both likewise, and John just squeezed Sherlock's fingers.
John seemed almost hypnotised by the spectacle in front of his eyes, and started to doubt that even Sherlock believed that all of this was only meant to achieve a sugar high. The shape of the sweet was kind of unfortunate, yes, but John did in fact recognise-
He closed his eyes and felt Sherlock working on his erection, and this certainly wouldn't take long if he continued like this, how could that bastard be so good at this-
John had completely lost the concept of time, and quite frankly couldn't remember the last time he'd participated in such a frantic and yearning kiss - if ever in his life.
He thought for a moment whether it was reasonable to play this power game, or if he simply should oblige, knowing that he quite probably would be able to have his way with Sherlock another time, because, oh god, he needed this gifted mouth on him rather sooner than later.
"Just... god, please, just keep going. With your mouth and," he hesitated, apart from solely medical experience not quite sure that he knew what he was asking for, which made the rest of his reply almost get lost in a frustrated moan.
His eyes were pressed shut, since the sensation of this one finger seemed to take up the complete storage capacity of his brain, while shutting out almost everything else, including his sense of time.
He didn't know where he suddenly got the courage from to answer this question. Maybe by being able to pretend that, if it came to it, this still was about sweets, even if it was obvious that it was about something else entirely.
So instead of constantly moving his finger in and out, he was searching. Pressing in deeper until John's body tightened and a shocked breath escaped him. "John..."
He was, however, aware that Sherlock's mouth, those puckered lips, were still terribly close to his cock, and god if John would have to decide between rocking his hips to meet Sherlock's rhythm while he was sucking him off, or staying still to not encourage the stimulation caused by Sherlock's finger and therefore ending all of this prematurely early…
Sherlock rose to his feet, lollipop still in hand and he moved towards John. "Well? Have you ever tried it?"
Sherlock wished he had the sense to grab a camera. The sight John made now, was enough to render Sherlock's mind completely still. Head thrown back, eyes closed and cheeks flushed, his breath coming out in pants... Sherlock never wanted to forget this. Nothing, nothing his own mind had come up with during those lonely moments where he had imagined John's hand on in, came close to what he was seeing now.
and that this should really not make such a difference - and yet here he was, positively squirming under Sherlock's hands and painfully aware of every uncontrollable twitch and contraction of his sphincter. And it was exactly this weird mix between wanting to fuck himself on this one finger deep and long and hard, and the self-awareness that even any of those uncontrollable movements of his muscles would probably drive him insane, which confined John to focus on staying still in his current position.
Sherlock couldn’t stop the corner of his mouth of from twitching up momentarily into something that resembled a smug grin.
"You're the one who brought it up," Sherlock argued back, not allowing himself to think too much on the double entendre he made there. Sherlock pointedly kept his eyes fixed on John's face instead of gliding down to his crotch.
John gasped loudly when Sherlock's mouth finally enclosed his very needy cock again, and with Sherlock's finger working him on the inside, John was engulfed in a hitherto unknown level of pleasure, torn between wanting to thrust up into Sherlock's captivating mouth and angling his hips down to be able to - if anyone had ever told him that he'd end up begging for this - fuck himself on Sherlock's finger.
Sherlock glanced up at John's face, barely conjuring enough energy to return the soft smile John was giving him. Sherlock made a soft noise in the back of his throat, not trusting his own voice at the moment. If he even had one. Sherlock sighed when John's touch softened in his hair.
"Only if you keep licking," he managed in an half-attempt to restore their balance of power, while he opened up the zipper of his jeans and stemmed his thumbs in between his waistband and hips.
, arching his eyebrow. "No?" he asked and Sherlock silently congratulated himself on the steadiness of his voice. "I was unaware there was a protocol on the matter. How does one do it, John?"
Biting the knuckles of his one hand, John kept watching Sherlock working on the lolly while, unable to help himself, he started bucking his hips and stroking his already very erect cock ever so slightly, only to take the edge off his almost desperate need for friction.
Alright? Sherlock was more than alright. He had never felt better than he did know, on his knees between John's legs, John's fingers gripping his curls and John's cock filling his mouth. He would not let John hold back now. Not after all this time. Sherlock sucked shamelessly as he moved up John's cock before sinking down again, keeping his eyes fixed on John's face, silently begging him for more.
Sherlock refocused on the sweet in his hand, licking from root to tip and back down again. He savoured the taste of it with a small moan and he desperately tried not to imagine how the sweetness of the lollipop would mix with the smell and taste of John.
He gasped and moaned, holding his head still so John could fuck his mouth without risking the rhythm of John's body to be broken and he felt himself getting lost it in. He felt his body relax and sag to accommodate John, moving only along John's movements. All he could focus on was the sting of his hairs being pulled John's grasping hand, the tinge in his jaw, the weight of John's hand in his own, gripping tightly, his own desire coiling hot and heavy in his groin.
With his heart hammering in his throat, he reached down with his free hand to undo his belt. ''And do hurry up.''
"Take them off," Sherlock breathed out and his tongue darted out to lick the lollipop again. "Trousers, pants... off, John."
John's heart jumped a bit, and so did he, as he reached out for Sherlock to grasp any part of him that he could reach to pull himself out of this chair, to meet Sherlock who had already come most of the way, and he did the most natural thing that he could think of - and kissed him.
John did not like letting go of Sherlock, but somewhere deep down he had known that they hadn't actually been able to just sit and stay as they were for the rest of their lives. And, considering Sherlock's state, he sympathised whole-heartily with his need for a shower.
Finally, Sherlock opened his eyes again - and John realised that his own actions had taken Sherlock visibly by surprise.
Sherlock paused for a moment. Had he pushed too far? Had he stepped over the line? He knew he took a considerable risk by displaying this kind of behaviour in front of John. He was pushing the bonds of their friendship, hoping to stretch it into something more, at the cost of it breaking. But he couldn’t stand it anymore. He couldn't stand the looks, and touches, and vaguely concealed inquiries in combination with John's hesitation. John would never make that first move again, not after Angelo's - and God, Sherlock hates himself for that night - but he knew John wants.
Sherlock refused to back down now. They had executed their patience before - for months - and Sherlock was tired of it. He bobbed his head up and down, sucking and licking and doing everything he could to cause John to shudder and moan underneath his mouth. He did this to him. He had made John look and sound like that, like some wanting creature, begging to be torn apart.
John saw it in Sherlock's eyes long before words would ever left his mouth, and he didn't know how they ended up here, but then again, he didn't really care about the
It took John a moment to realise that what had found its way into Sherlock's mouth alongside his penis was, in fact, one of Sherlock's long and slender fingers, which Sherlock first licked and then pulled out to...
Sherlock moved his finger slowly, aware that the lack of lube made it more difficult than it needed to be but God... he wouldn't be able to get up from his knees if he tried.
Halfway to its destination, Sherlock stopped the downwards movement of his slick finger and also released John for a moment to, almost to John's irritation, halt and reassure himself that he wasn't doing anything that John didn't want - when John hadn't realised until a couple of minutes ago that there possibly weren't so many things that he would want more than this and whatever else the two of them would eventually end up doing.
Sherlock glanced up at John's face, frowning, not understanding. But then Sherlock saw when John was briefly turning his gaze to and Sherlock felt his cheeks flush. God, this hadn't happened to him since... a long time ago. And here he was, having come into his pants because John had fucked his face.
"Sher... Sher..." he stuttered out, trying to establish their rhythm while holding onto Sherlock's hand as if it was the last anchor to keep him in the here and now, but John knew that he wouldn't be able to keep this up very long either way, no matter how hard he tried.
''Jo - '' John held Sherlock's head in place as Sherlock curled in on himself, his mind blissfully blank. All that mattered, was John... John...
Seeing Sherlock with his eyes closed and all the small lines on his face softened into this utterly peaceful expression, felt much more intimate than what they had been doing only minutes before.
Sherlock felt the change in John's body before he could see it. That moment where are sense and control were lost. That moment when pure instinct took over. And Sherlock revelled in it.
Sherlock grinned, reaching over to grab the lollipop and he brought it back to his lips with a look thrown to John. ''Well... are you joining me?''
How could he not? He saw the looks John gave him when he thought he was not looking. He felt John’s eyes on him - on his lips - when he argued with Lestrade. He had heard the small intake of breath when he had licked his lips when they had visited Angelo’s and the man had treated them to homemade tiramisu.
Between the sweetness that lingered on his tongue and the feeling of John's mouth on him, Sherlock couldn't help but gasp and moan. He needed more. So much more. He needed...
Sherlock huffed out John's name at the sight of John's smug grin but his heart settled when John pulled him closer, resting their foreheads together. This was right. This was... perfect.
He was aware that Sherlock's mouth was still around his cock when he came - hard - and that Sherlock was swallowing it almost greedily, but the bliss of his orgasm clouded up his thinking while wiping his mind blank at the same time.
Sherlock saw the tightening of John's hands against the fabric of his chair as soon as Sherlock's tongue made contact and the sweetness spread inside his mouth.
Oh, Sherlock heard him. With a deep hum, he helped John to the absolute edge of the seat and whilst John's cock was still buried in his mouth, Sherlock slipped one of his long fingers alongside it, swirling his tongue around them. God, he had to be careful. The lube he had was safely stored away in the bedroom
Sherlock licked up the shaft again - slowly - before encircling the tip and suckling it into his mouth. This time, there was no mistaking the strangled breath that escaped John.
John had expected this to happen - goddamnit, John had actually watched it happening. He had seen Sherlock approaching his chair, had obediently complied with Sherlock's demand to put his hands on Sherlock's head, but seeing Sherlock swallowing his cock almost entirely in one go,
John knew he was lying, which meant that probably also Sherlock knew that John's lying, but he'd be damned to admit it to this bloody git's face while he was... wait, was he doing all this on purpose!?
Never before had Sherlock felt like this. This utter peace in his mind and his body. John's moans still echoed in his ears, every look and movement saved into his mind until his death, the taste of John still lingering... Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, enjoying the quiet calm the overcame the two of them.
''No,'' Sherlock muttered, his voice hoarse. He tried to clear his throat but it was to no avail. ''I'm fine, John. I - ''
It baffled John, however, that after all this Sherlock apparently still felt the urge to... lick something, which was why he side-eyed Sherlock reaching for the lolly that he had put down on the table John-couldn't-even-remember-when.
Sherlock grinned when John sat - fell - down, arse at the end of his seat, legs wide to accommodate him. And although Sherlock loved the sight of him, he didn't come closer. Not yet.
Sherlock hadn't even wanted to leave the house for this four, until John had finally managed to talk him over.
"You really want to?" John managed between breaths, unsure if he was only double-checking on Sherlock or if it was he himself who needed a moment to adjust to these... prospects.
Almost ferociously he pounded up and deep into Sherlock's mouth possibly only a handful of times, and it was one last well-aimed stroke of Sherlock's finger against John's prostate that-
I remember the sound of the explosion, the way it came out of nowhere and pounded into my ears. We were overturned and there were men shouting, screaming for help, for a medic.
“Don’t forget that you are too, John.” Lestrade reassures. “Rosie is a very lucky little girl, having you two as her parents.”
It is hours later when we are finally informed of what is happening with John. He has had multiple x-rays of his head, neck and spine, aswell as an MRI scan. He has had major surgery to stabilise the spine and to remove fragments of bone. The doctor looks as if she is about to continue speaking when she asks if we are able to speak in a more private setting. I swallow hard, nodding my head as I do so. I have the choice of finding out the diagnosis by myself or with Lestrade.
John had been sleeping on the sofa all day, exhausted from his most recent chemotherapy session. At the beginning of his diagnosis John had agreed to go through with the treatment to prolong his life for as long as he could. The sound of the door creaking shut woke John from his sleep. "Sherlock?" He called out, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. The red beanie (Sherlock's favourite beanie, although he was reluctant to admit) had fallen from his head and landed on to the floor, beside his oxygen tank. "Sherlock?"
Sherlock’s lips curled upwards slightly. It wasn’t much of a smile, but it was enough for John to know exactly how Sherlock felt, and that his feelings were exactly the same.
It didn't take long before we both eventually fell asleep, wrapped in each other's arms. I would always support him. Always.
"I need to, Sherlock. I can't. I can't hide you from them any longer. You are the most amazing, beautiful, wonderful thing that has happened to me and I want them to see that too." John leaned in closer and pressed his lips to Sherlock's, forgetting all of his worries just for the briefest of moments. Just then, it was the two of them. Sherlock and John. Nobody and nothing else mattered for those fraction of a few seconds.
John thinks as he lays in the dirt covered in his own blood, sweat and excrement. He can’t even find it in himself to be humiliated.
“That’s Aquila.” John pointed toward the sky and moved his finger from star to star, tracing the outline of the constellation of the bird. “It’s the Eagle, found along the celestial equator. My mum used to tell me all about the constellations when I was younger. Harry and I loved learning about them and she would come up with these stories about what each constellation represented. I now know they’re to do with Greek mythology but the stories she told were of magnificent creatures that were lost to the heavens, only to be remembered at night time. Aquila was always my favourite- mum’s favourite too. She said that her mum used to tell her the same stories.”
"I'll go until I'm too weak. I want to try and remain as normal as possible." John shifted in his bed, turning his head so that he was facing Sherlock. Sherlock, who up until that point had been completely nonplussed, felt a tear threaten to spill over. How could this happen? Why him? What did John do to deserve something as utterly awful as this? There was no reason as to why this horrendous disease chose to live off John, thrive on his life as he only became weaker. Why was that fair?
"Does it look like I'm joking?" Lestrade is silent as he leans backwards, pressing his palms into his forehead. He looks tired.
John screamed as another jolt of agony ripped through his body, sending his limbs into paroxysms of pain.
but it would not be helpful at all. John is injured. John is disabled. Nothing will stop that from being the truth.
” John scoffs before taking another glass from the table, this time filled with whisky, and pelts it against the door frame. The second shatter of the night happens which sends a spray of fragments into the air, some of them propelling back at John. He feels one particularly sharp piece scrape across the piece of skin just above his eyebrow and he feels the blood before he sees it. It obscures his vision. He doesn’t care.
It was three weeks in to my second tour and James and I managed to sneak out of camp one evening, down to the stream a couple of miles away. We laid down, our gazes shifting to the stars. And it was so, so beautiful. We had our moment where the bombings and the shootings were forgotten and it was just us, two men in a world that didn't stop to think about anything except fighting.
Sherlock remained still, flustered by his brother’s outburst. Lestrade turned his head down and smiled whilst Molly grimaced slightly, unprepared for the argument that would inevitably ensue. However, as if by perfect coincidence, the doctor came into the waiting room, patient notes in his hand and a welcoming but sympathetic smile on his face. He looked to be in his late forties, hair just beginning to turn grey, with the beginnings of some stubble on his chin. He looked around the room at the four of them before resting his gaze on Sherlock.
And that’s when he hears it. He hears the sobs, and the panic and the absolute despair that is coming from Sherlock’s throat. And he knows that Sherlock’s trying his best to not let his emotions show but it’s not working. The detective is in absolute, utter agony.
"John," I manage, my voice raspy as I cough up blood. The smell of burning rubber and melting metal invades my nostrils and I have the urge to throw up. Another cough escapes my throat and more blood falls into my lap.
I stand up, still holding him, and plant a kiss to his forehead, careful to avoid the stitches. A lazy smile spreads across his lips as he sees me and a warm, fuzzy feeling grows in me. It's the first time in hours that I feel even the slightest shred of optimism for his recovery. I expect him to ask where he is, what happened, what's wrong with him, but he does not.
Sherlock frowns. “He’s fine with Harry being gay. Why wouldn’t he accept you being in a relationship with a male?”
Mr Watson arrives out of nowhere, two coffees in his hand until they're not in his hand and there's a puddle of hot liquid pooling around his feet, covering his worn shoes.
"Sherlock, I can't. I'm sorry, I just..." Before he could continue, John exhaled a breath he didn't realise he'd been holding, as well as letting the tears leak freely down his cheek. They were a river, flowing aggressively down a bank with hundreds of twists and turns, a mixture of emotions finally finding their own way out after so long of being trapped inside. It was ridiculous really, constantly being terrified of someone because of how they would react to two people who happened to fall in love.
As if on cue, the two of them both started moving, rubbing their bodies together in an attempt to seek friction.
The ash falls into the lake, floating on the surface of the water before drifting away. Sherlock tries not to look at it, but fails, becoming mesmerised by the insignificant little pieces of grey.
The pinks turned into purples which turned into navy which turned in to black. Soon enough the forest was pitch black and the only thing that could be seen in the sky was the stars.
"Go ahead." Sherlock said, although his voice was shaky. Gently, John pushed his first finger into him and paused, giving time for Sherlock to adjust to the feeling. Glancing underneath him, he could see Sherlock's pupils dilated, hear his breathing coming in ragged breaths, see the sweat slowly dripping down his neck, look at the rise and fall of his chest. Hear their hearts beating together.
"Sherlock..." And all it took was that one little word, the two syllables of Sherlock's name which he had heard John say a thousand times before, for him to finally break. Sherlock Holmes knew that his whole life was about to change.
I don't want to accept the diagnosis when I first hear it. How could something like that happen to John Watson? As the doctor told him the news, I saw the colour from John's face drain. But he nodded, stood up and left without saying a word. I was momentarily stunned before I bounded upwards, running after him. When I found him, he was seated on a bench outside, head in his hands, but he wasn't crying. Couldn't cry.
"I can't believe he's gone." I finally said, never taking my eyes away from the blue.  Greg turned to face me and placed his hand on my shoulder, following my gaze with his own.
"Yes, John. Is there anything else?" I shake my head, trying to rid myself of the horrendous images of John laying helpless in the road. "Umm...fuck. Sirens. I remember them. The paramedics. What-um. I couldn't move."
, and he’s dragging John in through the threshold and into the living room, removing his coat as he goes before he gently presses his shoulders, encouraging him to sit on the sofa. John obliges. He doesn’t have a choice. The blood has seeped from his eyebrow and down across his cheek. His school shirt is splattered with drops of blood and his head stings so much. There is a throbbing that he can’t stop. He knows that it’s from the blood loss and he knows that he needs stitches but he doesn’t care right now.
Sliding his body downwards, John positioned his knee between Sherlock's thighs and touched his hands to Sherlock's hips, thumbs dipping beneath the waistline of his trousers. His breath ghosted over the thick hair trailing down from Sherlock's naval, breathing hot and heavy, making Sherlock's skin burn with need. A moment later, Sherlock's trousers were at his ankles and John was ripping his shoes off, shortly followed by his socks which were tossed over his shoulders and landing in the heap that was the rest of their clothes.
"Did I wake you?" Sherlock asked, setting the books down on the table. Upon further inspection, John noticed a black bruise forming against Sherlock's cheek aswell as dried blood crusted to his lip.
They somehow manage to manoeuvre themselves into the centre of the forest opening, feeling the cool air nip their cheeks as they move. John’s fingers brush against Sherlock’s cheekbone, delicately tickling the skin which has a blush edging its way quickly upwards from his neck. They are on the ground, John with his back against the soil, laying in a bed of leaves. His pale skin contrasts with the shades of amber surrounding him, and with every slight movement the leaves crunch beneath him. Sherlock is on top of John with his knees either side of his hips, hands digging into the earth beside John’s ears.
Emma Louise Watson was thirty eight years old when she lost her only son, her beautiful, loving, extraordinary son.
“Not that I know of.” Molly replied. “Mycroft?” The elder Holmes brother looked up from his newspaper before folding it neatly and placing it on the spare seat beside him.
Lestrade throws the phone against the wall before Mycroft has the chance to hang up. Of course he bloody knows. Why wouldn’t he? Lestrade clenches his fist and slams his knuckle against the side of the building. How could this happen? How in God’s name could a case go so horrendously wrong for them?
“Hello?” He asks. John cannot make out what is being said, though he can hear the mumbled voice coming through the speaker. Sherlock frowns before passing the phone to John, not saying a word. John wonders why whoever it was couldn’t have phoned John on his mobile before he realises that he must have left it in Sherlock’s bedroom. The only other person who John knew to have Sherlock’s number was Harry.
"I'm scared, Sherlock." Sherlock squeezed John's hand and turned to face him, tilting John's chin up so they were looking directly into each other's eyes.
“Oh, don’t mind me dear. I would say you have every right to swear right now.” She patted John’s hand. “Swear away.” John shifted his position on the bed.
Sherlock pushed the condom onto John's cock, allowing him a few minutes to recover before finally spreading his legs wide, giving John a full view of his entrance. Taking John's hand in his own, he guided it forward until one of John's fingers was pressing against his tender skin.
He feels himself start to panic, and he knows that it’s the most ridiculous thing he could possibly do, but
He can see that he has 6 missed calls from is brother, two from his mother. There are, in total, 13 unread messages. He doesn't read them.
It wasn't until I felt a hand slap to my face and Greg shouting my name did I stop my rant. I glanced my eyes downwards, looking Greg in the face. "Sherlock," he said, a stern tone to his words that I had not heard before. "Stop it. John wouldn't want this."
have always told me that caring is not an advantage." The younger brother flicks the cigarette into the lake, watching as it descends into the depths of the water.
John tells me, his voice barely above a whisper. I nod at him, tell him again not to focus on that, but my stomach feels like it has dropped and a harrowing feel overtakes me.
"I need you, Sherlock." Drawled John, tracing his fingers over the muscles of Sherlock's stomach as he slowly rolled his hips against the other boy. "I need you so badly."
The doctor was unable to reply to the words being spoken to him, instead, opting to close his eyes again. "John, don't do that! Paramedics are going to be here soon. You better not fucking die on me here."
"You can only be too safe, John. Now go before Sherlock leaves. Your father's not home at the minute so you should do
“He’s a bloody lucky man.” Lestrade stated, watching the two of them. Sherlock heard him shuffle forward and touch his hand to his shoulder, before giving it a firm squeeze and stepping back. “Has he been awake yet?”
"And the fatigue and the sickness and loss of appetite. John, you do not have to pretend that everything is well. It is obvious that it isn't." I attempt to keep my voice steady but the emotion in it betrays me. I can feel a tear threatening to spill over. I never expected it to be this hard.
“Putting on a brave face.” John responds, setting the mug on the counter. He doesn’t feel like drinking. “Still keeping Rosie entertained, despite everything. She doesn’t want to leave his side. It’s always
“No.” John grunted slightly, a paroxysm of pain jabbing at his chest. “No, it’s fine.” After a pause, he spoke again. “When can I leave?”
John rested his chin atop Sherlock's head, wrapping his arms around the larger man's frame.  He pulled the duvet around them, enclosing the two of them in the warmth and comfort of the material. "I'm going to stay with you for as long as I can." It was a promise.
“I don’t need you to be kind!” Tea spilled to the floor as Molly jumped, burning her fingers on the hot beverage. She carefully placed her mug on the coffee table as well before standing up, leaning over Sherlock as he remained seated. Sherlock looked at her not bothering to disguise how pissed off she was with the man before her.
His body was sprawled out on the floor, right next to the front door. His right leg was higher than the rest of his body-it was elevated by the final steps on the staircase. The left leg was awkwardly twisted, his kneecap being back to front. Sherlock's eyes scanned to higher up his body. The bruises on his ribcage were a menacing black, contrasting remarkably with the pale pigmentation of his skin.
"Mum?" John mumbled into the darkness, just loud enough for anyone to hear if they were on the ground floor. When there wasn't an immediate reply, panic started to set in and John clutched onto Sherlock's hand tighter. "Mum!"
I return half an hour later, back to the ICU and Mr and Mrs Watson are not there. Instead there is a nurse- the same one who ushered me out of the room in the first place, the same one who forced me to be away from John. When she looks at me I know what she's saying.
I had to leave halfway through the memorial when Mike stood up, reminiscing on the memories he and John had together. Then he started talking about me and how happy I made John and I lost it, completely and utterly lost it. Similar to how I was at the hospital, I was inclined to get away from people and shoved my way past classmates who were staring at me, tears in their eyes and tissues in their hands. I noticed my English teacher standing up, ready to come after me but soon Greg was there, telling her not to follow me. She didn't.
"But the signs were there!" Sherlock slammed his fist against the seat of the car, causing the detective inspector to flinch. They arrived at the hospital within minutes, both of them quickly jumping out of the car and running into the building.
I sobbed uncontrollably as I supported her head in my arms, knowing that it was already too late to save her.
I swallow hard, biting my lip as I do so. I can feel a tear forming but I soon wipe that away with the palm of my hand. John looks at me, his mouth forming a slight 'o' shape. "Don't tell me it's-" His voice cracks and he is unable to finish.
An enormous sob escaped John's lips before he could finish his sentence, and he turned from infuriated to utterly pained in an instant. "She's dead and they don't care, Sherlock. They don't fucking care."
Mycroft thinks again as he watches his brother’s ribs being crushed under hands that are trying to save him.
“Papa, Daddy says that Uncle Mycroft is a moron. Is that true?” Rosie continued playing with her pirate ship in the bath as John poured more bubbles into the water. This was most certainly one of her brighter days, a day where things seemed as if they could be normal again. She giggled as she dropped one of the pirates into the water.
“Yes,” he says, his voice nonchalant. Sherlock’s hand has replaced his on the cloth and it’s now Sherlock who is in control. Sherlock has learned that it’s best if he does most of the talking in times like these, which is something he had to learn quickly in the past three weeks. John is not stable. He knows that.
I ran as fast as I could, careful where I placed my footing and collapsed down next to Sholto, my gun beside me. Soldiers from the vehicle behind us were making their way over, guns raised.
“Not that simple. Right. Last night you received a phone call roughly an hour after I left the room. I heard it ringing. Who else would call you that early? Not a family emergency- you wouldn’t have remained here. Obviously not work related. A friend?” Sherlock shrugged his shoulders. “No. It’s still an unreasonable hour to call. Someone who has concerns then who is not a family member, friend or colleague. Who does that leave us with? Yes, you guessed it. Mycroft or Lestrade. And I assume from the considerable amount of time you were on the phone it was Lestrade. He wouldn’t have needed to phone if there hadn’t been any updates on John. I know he gave you information. So tell me. Why can’t you say what it was?”
“Sherlock, I’m going to need you to give me the gun.” Lestrade says, his voice remaining quiet as he edges nearer to the man on the floor.  “Please.” He says, but his voice breaks slightly.
"You looked relieved to see me. When I looked at you I saw how knackered you were, how stressed. So I told you to get some rest and that I'd watch your mum for a while." Again, John nodded.
It's something I have been thinking about for a long time, ever since Lestrade told me the news. All he said was that he didn't make it. I didn't mention anything again-not until now.
Her lips turn upwards but I can tell that she is pitying me. I am past caring. I take about thirty seconds to compose myself before I start speaking.
I nod my head again, my mouth and throat too dry to get any words out. The doctor looks at me, a sympathetic smile on her lips. I don't want to know what she will say next, but I need to find out. Lestrade suggests I go outside for a minute to calm down. He would be willing to pass on the information to me. However, I can't do that. I need to know first hand.
"So I did. When she woke again and saw me, her face lit up and she smiled at me and she told me that she was pleased to see me. And she stayed up for half an hour, saying that she was pleased her baby boy had found someone to love.
until they are no more. John doesn’t have to ask why to know the reason for Sherlock doing this. He hasn’t been here for two years.
addicted and therefore this whole show is completely useless. There is nothing else in this flat that you will find of interest so get out. Now.”
I do not have the energy to argue with him so I do not. He pats my shoulder once and leaves without another word.
"Don't say that, John. Don't you dare say that." His breath came out in harsh shudders against my throat and I could tell that he was beginning to get frustrated with himself. "You are mourning the loss of the most influential person in your life. You are seventeen years old and have had to care for your mum for years without the help of your father and sister because they have always been too drunk to think rationally. They are the pathetic ones John, not you."
Mr Watson was unrelenting, unwilling to break his hold on his son for even a second. The alcohol in his body rendered his ability to think rationally and Sherlock thought, even if he wasn't drunk, this man wouldn't stop. Not even if he realised how strong he was and what damage he was doing to his only son.
“I really don’t know, Molly. John’s a tough man but you’ve got to have some strength to come back from that.” Molly shook her head slightly as a gasp escaped her lips. She was rather fond of John. “And as for Sherlock…honestly? I have no idea. You know how he and John are… I can’t imagine what he’s going through right now. The drugs can’t be helping him.”
"Please do spare me the 'I told you so talk'. As you can see, I am really not up to the idea of having this conversation." Sherlock scoffs, shaking his head in disbelief as he listens to his brother. After all that has happened in the past couple of days, did Mycroft really deem it wise to make judgements on his and John's relationship?"
It was a year later that I joined the army, much to my father's displeasure. You'll get yourself bloody killed. He had said as he gulped down another bottle of alcohol, sneering at me, eyes filled with disgust. He changed after mum died. So did Harry. And not for the better.
"Peter Rogers gave up. I suspected shortly before he committed his act that he knew we had discovered him. Take one deranged serial killer, acknowledge his mistake, and he will go on a mass murder spree. He gave himself up but not before giving us one final show."
“I’ll bet,” John replies and joins in with the laughing. Their fingers squeeze together more tightly and he takes back what he thought the previous night.
"I know something's bad." I am taken aback by how abrupt he is but, then again, John Watson never fails to surprise me. He isn't an idiot, no matter how many times I tell him he is. "Please, Sherlock." I know what he's asking.
It all happened too quickly. One moment he was shouting out homophobic slurs, the next he had enclosed his fingers around John's upper arm and was dragging him off the bed and onto the floor. Then he was kicking him. One after the other, over and over again.
We arrive at the hospital in minutes, following the ambulance. Both vehicles have their sirens blaring, alerting drivers that
It was difficult moving back to London by myself with a fucked shoulder and a psychosomatic limp. The PTSD was just the cherry on top. How I managed to keep my gun, I don't know. I was going to use it on that day, that day that I met him. And it wasn't even a matter of maybes. My mind was set because how could it get better? I had absolutely nothing to live for. Even my dad and sister didn't want anything to do with me. I didn't want anything to do with them. It's not as if I had anyone else to be with.
Rosie glances up from the bathtub, a confused frown on her face. “Don’t test the flammability of fruits, Rosie. Not yet anyway. Give it a couple of years and maybe we can sort something out in the laboratory where we won’t set any of our possessions on fire and-“
John Hamish Watson was seventeen years when he was the victim to a brutal murder in his own home, by the man who helped bring him into the world.
“Excuse me.” John says, already standing. He closes the door behind him and soon enough he’s with Sherlock, both watching as Rosie’s chest rises up and down, up and down.
Closing my hand around his again, I swipe my thumb over his palm to calm him down. "John, you're in the hospital." I tell him. He looks at me and I feel like breaking down again. "There, just breathe." I'm just telling him exactly what Lestrade told me yesterday. I feel ridiculous. How is one meant to calm down when they are restrained, without knowing why he is restrained? I stroke his hair again and I want to hit myself for how stupid I'm being. I'm angry at everything.
Sherlock pulled away, panting. All four of them were at the bottom of the staircase, a pool of blood forming around their feet. The younger teen dropped the photo frame that he had been clinging onto, one corner now tainted with the blood of Mr Watson. He looked at the site before him, stunned in momentary shock before he spun around and faced Mrs Watson whose face was marred with quickly forming bruises. Her mouth hung open and mascara had leaked down her face. Sherlock placed his hands on her shoulders and forced her to look at him.
“So, Sherlock is it? My name is Patricia and I am here to help you and support you whilst you’re going through this very difficult time.”
was all Sherlock needed to know that he could never be without John again, and that he wouldn’t ever
Molly nodded her head before realising that Lestrade could not see what she was doing. “Right. Ok. Has John been awake?”
“He is going to be ok though, isn’t he?” Molly asked, arms folded as she spoke to Lestrade in the hallway. “John, I mean. I suppose Sherlock as well.”
"I trust you, John." Their lips met again in another chaste kiss, just a quick touch of skin to reassure one another.
"I can't." John managed, inhaling before he pulled away and sat beside Sherlock on their bed, dropping his head into his hands and releasing a sob. Immediately Sherlock was on the floor in front of his boyfriend, not bothering to re-do the buttons on his shirt, and holding onto John's wrists, lowering them from his face.
“My-“ he tries to say his brother’s name but all that comes out is a shaky breath. Sherlock inhales and shakes his head, squinting his eyes and retreating into himself.
"You alright, darling?" The shorter boy asked. Sherlock nodded as John pushed another finger in, opening him up, preparing him. A moan escaped Sherlock's lips as John's finger found his prostrate and his whole body rippled, the feeling absolutely amazing. They spent a couple of minutes like that, John stretching Sherlock open, breath catching at the beautiful sight in front of him.
"I love you, Sherlock. So bloody much. Now, I never thought myself to be overly sentimental but, since meeting you, my life has changed completely. We both know... yeah, we both know that this year is only going to get worse. It's fucking awful and I know that in the end, it'll be you who has to deal with all of the emotions that go through losing someone, not me." John brought his hand out to Sherlock, shaking slightly as he clasped his fingers into his partner's. The other man squeezed John's, encouraging him to continue on.
"Don't," and he listens, retreating backwards so that he can sit down again. One of the beakers that I currently have an experiment in has been knocked over but I have no concern for that, not now. I stop hitting the table and sigh, calming down once again. My emotions are all over the place- one minute I am holding myself together, being strong, and then next the walls that I have so carefully constructed since I was a teeanger are being destructed, tumbling to the ground in a series of terrifying crashes and loud collisions. Closing my eyes, I inhale slowly.
There is a pressure on my shoulder and  realise that the doctor has placed her hand on it. I glance towards the hand, then back to her and force a smile to my lips. She leads me to one of the private waiting rooms and she gestures a seat for me.
“Controlled usage, Mrs Hudson. It was a one off.” He curled himself into a ball and buried his face in the cushions of the sofa, before letting out another sigh, unsatisfied with the comfortableness of his position and leaping upwards over the table and onto his chair. “What is the time?”
"Yes." My voice comes out sharp, quickly. "He does." The man opposite me shakes his head minutely, reflecting on the situation. I have barely spoken to him since he came with me to the hospital on the first day. I don't ask but he starts telling me his thoughts about everything.
“Tell him to piss off.” Sherlock strides passed John, running his hand over his face. He too can feel the stubble that he hasn’t bothered to shave, and he knows that what’s happening now is leading him down a path of self-destruction yet again, but he cannot find it in himself to care.
"I love you... so much, Sherlock." A smirk painted itself on Sherlock's mouth as he pecked John's cheek.
"You know, I probably could. But I want some beanies first. And a kiss." The detective rolled his eyes and stood up, making his way over to John before planting a tender kiss to his lips.
turning out for the better. They had kissed each other, hands roaming along each others' bodies, touching, tasting. It was easy to forget about all the bad that had happened, what was going to happen. Because they were happy, so bloody happy and that was all that mattered. That night, it was just the two of them, no thought of the illness, of the treatments, of the inevitable. Just two men, in love and recently engaged. That was it. Nothing more.
"Caring for someone when it is not necessary is definitely not an advantage. When you began your acquaintanceship with John-"
“I wouldn’t be anywhere else!” She said enthusiastically. John couldn’t help but grin: no matter how bad the situation, Mrs Hudson always managed to stay positive. It was heart-warming.
I never got round to giving them to his parents because one minute he was alive, he was breathing (albeit with a lot of help) but it gave me comfort knowing that he was at least
In one slow movement he pulled my jumper over my head, exposing my stomach, my chest, my scar. When I saw his eyes glance towards my shoulder, I inwardly cringed. Sherlock seemed to realise this and lowered his head forward, capturing my lip between his teeth before darting his tongue out and sealing our lips once again. "Don't be afraid, John."
“Never better.” John chuckled, which led to a sharp intake of breath. “Never fucking better.” And then, as an afterthought, “apologies for the language.”
He was only seventeen years old when he realised that caring was not an advantage. It was something that would remain by his side for the rest of his young life.
"I love you, Sherlock." He says quietly, breathing heavily. My lips pull into a smile that does not reach my eyes and I cup his cheek with my hand. We stay in that position for a while, neither of us talking, just enjoying being in the presence of one another. John's eyes, his beautiful, gorgeous blue eyes never manage to leave mine and for that, I am grateful.
“Why are you doing this? What satisfaction are you gaining?” He was shouting now, his voice barely suppressing the anger that had been slowly building ever since Mycroft had arrived at the hospital. Lestrade knew this wasn’t going to be pleasant, which is exactly what he had feared.
“I am aware of how distressing this situation may be for you but I am happy to confirm that John is in a stabilised position and we believe he will make a recovery.” The doctor paused and smiled at Sherlock, who in turn nodded his head. This didn’t mean he was in the all clear yet. “The way the bullet entered meant that John’s lung collapsed which caused it to fill with blood. That’s a lot scarier than it sounds, don’t worry. We’ve managed to drain the blood but the chest tube will remain in place until the lung is able to inflate on its own. Our trauma surgeons have repaired the damaged lung and surrounding area and have removed the bullet. John’s now in a stabilised state in the ICU. We’ll keep him in the ICU for today to make sure there’s no post-surgery complications. Due to the state of the injury the police will be informed but our main focus right now is making sure that John is ok.”
Sherlock pursed his lips before averting his eyes to his knees. He could feel the tears stinging his eyes but he wasn’t going to let them show, not now. Molly made her way back over to the sofa and plopped down next to Sherlock, resting a hand on his shoulder.
"Fuck no, John. No." I stutter as tears sting my eyes. This, it's too awful for me to comprehend. It can't be happening. Why is this happening?
"John." The word came out in one short, sharp gasp as they touched one another again, the feeling causing Sherlock to shiver.
I tense up, my jaw tightening as I look at her. What if they've found out something else that is wrong with him? How could anything else be wrong? My mind goes into overdrive and I am thinking too much, thinking about John, thinking about the situation and I have to remind myself to
he thinks, watching as Sherlock tilts his head to the ground, reminiscing to himself. “How did you find this place?” John asks, curious, wanting to know more.
Peering at Sherlock, John pulled his mouth into a straight line and kneeled on the floor beside his Mum. However, before John could say anything, Mrs Watson stood up, disregarded her son briefly and made her way over to Sherlock, embracing him in an awkward hug.
They were just beginning to fall asleep, still in one another's arms when they were startled awake by a thumping on the bedroom door.
“My sincerest sympathies.” The doctor says to John. “We have a fantastic palliative care facility at the hospital.” He continues speaking, but John isn’t listening. All he hears is
She won’t wake up again, the doctors say. Sherlock and John hold their daughter together, kiss her one last time. They refuse to cry. Her breathing changes and they
"James, can you hear me?" I asked, trying to remain calm but failing. My voice was frantic as I spoke to the man beneath me, trying to get his attention. There was blood pooling on his chest and it didn't take an idiot to realise that he had been penetrated by shrapnel.
This time, the detective strolled into the living room carrying his books and laptop bag. He looked absolutely knackered.
"I don't give a fuck what that homophobic, abusive shit says. I'll fucking punch his living daylights out if he-"
His face is paler than usual and he gulps, just slightly, but I notice it easily. John may be my partner but he is also Lestrade's friend. This is hard for all of us.
His voice came out shaky and small. "Mrs Watson, I need you to phone for an ambulance and the police." His hands were quivering, shaking so much that he had no control. "Now! Please." His voice hitched with his panic. "Go into the kitchen and phone them. You need to do it now. Don't look at your son or your husband. Go."
Climbing down from the chair, she chucked a small plastic packet over to John who caught it with ease.
“It’ll be out in a few days.” Sherlock, who was still standing beside him, carefully wiped the sleep away from John’s eyes and repositioned the cannula that had slipped from behind his ear, so that it was tucked in its original position. The steady beeps of the surrounding machines continued.
“Yep, two more. We’re watching them at some point.” John wraps his arm around Sherlock’s waist and rest his head on his shoulder. He finds it so relaxing just sitting here without the worry of having to make conversation, without the worry of someone asking him what’s wrong. It’s
“You’ve had us all terrified.” Sholto looks at John, makes eye contact and then puts his hand on John’s, just briefly. “Never do that again.”
The first time I am allowed out in the wheelchair, I am afraid. Getting in that wheelchair will make everything seem more real and I don't want that. I don't want to acknowledge that I'll never walk again because the prospect absolutely bloody terrifies me.
“You could, though you need not to.” He sipped his coffee. “Why didn’t you tell Lestrade I was awake if you knew I hadn’t gone to sleep?”
“Happy now?” Sherlock asked, teeth gritted together as he looked at Lestrade. Mycroft’s lips twitched in a grimace as his brother looked at him, the
John's mother had always taught him that he shouldn't care what anyone else thinks, as long as you do what you've got to do. How could he ignore him though when it was clear that his father would despise his one source of happiness?
"John?" Sherlock turned the corner from the kitchen into the living room, two cups of coffee held firmly in his hands. When he saw what the other man was looking at he immediately set the mugs down on the coffee table, striding over to John and removing the hair from his hand. "Do you want to go through with it?" John didn't need to question what Sherlock was on about- they had already discussed it.
The gun drops to the ground. Lestrade knows his training and he knows that he should grab the gun and call for backup. He knows he should. He knows what the consequences would be if he didn’t. But he
"Um... I... oh fuck." John's hand started to tremble and he had to support himself on the table so as not to lose his balance.
Molly pulled herself up from the sofa and carefully made her way over to the kitchen table, dragging the seat from its resting place and sitting down. She heard Greg cough before he finally asked, “How was Sherlock once I left?”
"We're actually do this." Sherlock whispered in awe, watching as John kicked off his socks and shoes and shimmied out of his jeans, leaving him in nothing but his vibrant red underwear. The younger teen gulped, feeling the prominent bulge that was pressing into his thigh which caused his own erection to strain against the fabric of his own underwear.
Sherlock pulled the bedside seat out for Mrs Hudson who sat down after pressing a kiss to John’s forehead. “Oh, John. Bless you.”
“What has he got to worry about? It’s John who’s-“ But before he could get the words out or even consider what he was going to say next, Sherlock’s voice broke and he inhaled a shaky breath, pressing his eyes together whilst shaking his head. No no no. He had been awake the whole night and no one had told him anything. “How is he?”
“I can’t find Rosie’s drawing.” His voice breaks slightly and he feels all of his composure slipping before him. John is the only one he will let see him like this, the only one who could possibly know what he is experiencing. After a moment, John stands on the very tips of his toes and pulls Sherlock down slightly so that his head rests on his shoulder. His fingers rest on the back of Sherlock’s neck and they stand in an embrace, freeing the tears that they had both tried so hard to keep in.
John remained silent, unsure of what to say. What could he say? It's not as if he could just make himself stop being ill, make everything just go away. He wished he could. There was no doubt about that. But he couldn't and that was a fact, one fact that
hard for you and I can only wish that your father realises his fault one day. You, your mother, Harry, Clara, you all deserve so much better than him. There's just one more thing that I want you to know. No matter what happens, I am always going to be here for you. Nothing will ever change that, my love. Please understand that."
“Please help him,” Harry pleaded to Sherlock as she watched her brother storm away from the two of them. “Please.”
Sherlock breathed in, noting the bandages that were wrapped around John's midriff. "Th bullet tore right through your abdomen and out through your back, missing your spinal cord by mere millimetres. Your body received major internal bleeding and damage and is possibly at risk of infection. I can assure you that Mycroft has the best doctors working on you though. You've been have hourly checks on your haemodynamic status among other things but I am not going to tire you with all of this information which is quite frankly a lot to take in."
“Oh, definitely not. There’s no fun in that. I think I’d rather like to be out there looking at the crime scenes.” They both pressed the cigarettes to their lips again. “John.”
"In fact I definitely know that she was." I carded my hand through John's blonde hair, an attempt to try and comfort him. "John, do you remember last Wednesday? You called me and asked me to come over because you had been awake all night looking after your mother and Harry and your father hadn't returned." As he sniffed, John nodded once.
"Only if you're willing." John stroked his hair through the dark, errant curls of his boyfriend's head, massaging his fingers through the soft strands.
John is a little way ahead of Sherlock and Harry still, so it is entirely unexpected to the both of them when John rips the curtain aside to gain access to his father’s bed. He looks weak and pathetic hooked up to various pieces of equipment but his eyes light up at the sight of his son. When John steps closer, Mr Watson smiles faintly.
"Hey... John, look at me." John shook his head, avoiding eye contact as a sob escaped his lips. Immediately Sherlock was sitting up, manoeuvring John so he was sitting beside him on the bed and embracing him in a tight hug. John sunk forward, burying his head into the warm crook of Sherlock's neck, letting the tears fall freely now.
“I’ve wanted-“ Sherlock gasps, one hand gripping the back of John’s neck, the other slowly sidling along John’s back and making its way underneath his shirt. The unexpected touch of cold to warm makes John shudder and he deepens the kiss as he feels Sherlock’s hand exploring his stomach. “For so long, John.” Sherlock’s breath hitches.
than they initially thought?” Sherlock’s fists clenched repeatedly, over and over again as Lestrade spoke to him. Lestrade had arrived at the time Molly had said he would, with Mycroft also, and by 09:00am the four of them were at the hospital. No one spoke the whole journey, and it was only when they were all sitting together in the waiting room of the ICU that Sherlock began to speak.
Sherlock shrugs. “He is a selfish man, John. I presume he doesn’t want to accept responsibility for his actions, nor does he want to deal with the guilt of knowing that he hurt you and Harry. More so, he is an obnoxious arsehole who takes his children for granted.” Sherlock brushes his fingers along John’s jaw and tilts his head so that he is looking directly at him, before kissing him. John wants nothing more than to just get away from here, go back to Sherlock’s, something,
“That can’t have been easy, seeing John like that. I know it comes with the job but he’s your friend as well. And then having to get Sherlock away...” After a brief pause Molly tilted her head upwards, never faltering in keeping eye contact with Lestrade. “You’re a very brave man.”
“It was a very traumatic experience. Shock would’ve played a large factor in that. If we hadn’t managed to stabilise him in the ambulance I would probably be telling you a very different story now. But thankfully we managed to and we haven’t got anything to suggest that John isn’t going to survive. Obviously we’ll keep him in this unit until we’re absolutely certain that he’s got the all clear but like I said, he’s doing as well as we could have hoped right now. You’re welcome to go through to the ICU if you would like to.”
It almost doesn't seem real because how could something like this happen? How could he go to sleep one night, wrapped in my arms, safe, and not wake up the next day?
I tell John not to worry, just focus on me, the ambulance will be here soon. All of the things that people say when things like this happen. He's not paying attention to that though. His hands are shaking so much and he can't control them. I reach for them with my own, which are shaking just as much as his are, if not more, and hold him.
After two minutes of silence Sherlock spoke quietly, voice strained as he recollected what had happened earlier. He couldn’t look at Molly as he said his next words. “He stopped breathing in the ambulance.” The detective clenched his jaw, as if saying this statement was the most difficult thing he would ever have to say in his life. It probably was. “I said to him that we were losing him. He closed his eyes and he stopped breathing. I don’t know if he’s ok.”
“Mmhmm. Daddy said that Uncle Mycroft had more chance of losing weight that running the government good.” Letting go of the pirates Rosie looks up, meeting John’s eyes. “Is that really true?”
but don’t take it out on me, or Lestrade, or Mycroft. You couldn’t have stopped this. They couldn’t have stopped this. It happened and all we can do now it be there for John. But you can’t do that whilst you are high. You are unstable so we’re just going to have to wait until the morning to see what happens. Ok?”
“Since when did you ever care about other people’s feelings?” Sherlock rolled his eyes. Despite all of his protests Mycroft could see how terrible Sherlock felt, how drained he was.
The next thirty minutes went by in the blink of an eye (two birds flew by!). “I’ll see you tomorrow. If you’re in pain let someone know. If you want to speak, I’m only phone call away and if the signal doesn’t work I’ll get Mycroft to do whatever it is he does and I’ll come back.” Sherlock leant down a pressed a kiss to John’s lips.
“Don’t worry, Greg. Stay as long as you like- I’m sure Rosie would love to see you.” They arrive in the kitchen and John grabs three mugs from the cabinet, flicking the kettle on. “As to the initial question: better than yesterday but still not good. Sherlock’s up with her now.”
John began to thrust slowly, creating a steady rhythm that matched the speed of their laboured breaths. Sherlock's hips stuttered upwards which elicited a deep, guttural moan from John. His hips snapped forward again, causing the boy to gasp in pleasure as he managed to hit his prostrate.
An hour later John was rested in a side room in Felstead Ward with Sherlock perched on a chair beside him. It was coming up to half past seven. “Visiting will be over shortly.” Sherlock pointed out, looking at the clock on the wall. Those walls. A sickly shade of yellow encapsulated all four surfaces, making the room appear even more dingy than it already was. A window overlooked the carpark and every so often, if the two of them were lucky, a bird would fly past.
Sherlock cradled John's face in his large hands again as he bowed his head forward, capturing John's lips in a passionate kiss, expressing all of his words through that one simple motion. John leaned into the kiss, allowing Sherlock to take dominance as his tongue licked across the pink expanse of John's lower lip.
We stand on the other side of the ICU doors. I hate the fact that I am away from John but I know why we doing this. "Mr Holmes," She begins. "As I told you yesterday, John has an extremely severe injury and it may be difficult for this information to be passed on to him without the presence of a loved one being there. Either I can tell him or you can tell him but I would personally advise you to be there with him, whether you relay the information or not." I take no time to contemplate the decision.
It's not the first time that John's woken up in the middle of the night in agony. It won't be the last. It's 03:21am and this is the third time already, just tonight.
“John, we’re losing you. Come on, John.” It’s hard not to notice the fear that his voice holds, the way Sherlock’s voice breaks slightly when he says ‘come on’. It’s not just an encouragement, it’s a plea.
Sherlock doesn't reply, afraid that his voice may betray him. When Mycroft realises that he is not going to talk he stands, touching his hand to Sherlock's shoulder. "Brother, I cannot tell you whether or not the pain gets any better. But please, don't let this destroy you. John would never have wanted that."
He whole body was supported so he wouldn't move once he woke up. The thought of him waking and understanding what had happened petrified me.
"How did I manage to be with someone as incredible as you?" His voice caught on the last word as he became flooded with emotion.
"Go, please!" I half shouted, half whimpered to the remaining three people in the room. Greg was out of the room in an instant, as were Molly and Mrs Hudson as they said their final farewells, both placing delicate kisses to John's forehead.
I didn't return back to school for another four days, instead finding myself in the relief of cocaine and highs. It was fantastic.
He just smiles at me. I get slightly worried but eventually he does talk. His voice is croaky and sore, barely there, but he still manages to speak to me. "Didn't manage to get the tea bags then, did I?" He chuckles but it soon turns into a cough and he grimaces, tears forming in his eyes. I place my head closer to his and caress his hair with my thumb. "It hurts."
The pneumonia came on within a few hours. One minute he was feeling as well as he could be, the next he was struggling beyond measures. Sherlock is at the hospital with him when he falls unconscious, not too long after his arrival.
That is until I stumbled upon Major James Sholto and my life flipped around, yet again. For the first time since Kaylei I felt that there was someone to live for. He became my rock, my best friend. My lifeline.
John woke up God knows when, to the steady sound of beeping machines and someone pacing frantically up and down. "Sherlock would you please stop-" But before Lestrade could finish his sentence he was grabbing the detective by the sleeve of his coat and pushing him forward, motioning him to John.
the facts when they're right in right of me. Every day you're changing. Struggling to breathe, collapsing, feeling exhausted. You've lost so much weight in the past six weeks, especially since you stopped attending uni."
Sherlock thinks back on it now, remembers how happy John had been when they first came here together. He adored swimming in the lake in the summer, always eager to encourage Sherlock into getting in the water with him. When Sherlock finally swum with him, a smile so gorgeous, so beautiful painted itself onto his face. Sherlock will never forget that smile, the way his eyes glistened, the way his skin shone with the sun was beating down on it. No, he could never forget that. Ever.
Soon enough the medicine kicks in and it’s just the two of them. Johns asks Sholto to tell him what happened again.
"No he's not." In the time it had taken for Mrs Watson to stand in front of her son, Sherlock had managed to pull on his trousers and one of John's jumpers that was residing on the chair closest to him. He was edging closer to Mr Watson, standing tall. "He has
“Are you inebriated?” John watches as Sherlock’s eyes meet his, a fusion of greens and blues and browns that somehow shouldn’t work and yet they do.
“Entry and exit wound. I imagine you’ll have some extensive damage to muscle and surrounding areas. Collapsed lung. You’ve a drainage tube- that’s expected. I’m sure it’ll be out in a couple of days. Nasal cannula- obviously you’re aware of that. And just about as much as you’d expect after coming out of life saving surgery. You went into shock and stopped breathing in the ambulance- never do that again, John.” Sherlock was the one clenching his jaw now, but he didn’t stop looking at John. It was more of a plea than a demand, and John was aware of this as he held Sherlock’s hand tighter and gestured him to come forward, which he did, and pressed a soft kiss to his lips.
"I hate this." Sherlock tightened his hold on John's smaller body. "Hiding. Having to do things in secret so that fucking dickhead doesn't find out. Fuck. I'm so pathetic."
let you stay there with all of the thoughts racing around your head at the moment, especially after the circumstances of today. My parents will have returned home by now and it’s good for you to be in an environment that is as normal as possible. Considering that aside from your own house, the place you spend the most time at is mine which means that this is the most normalcy that you are going to get. Plus, my mother is dreadfully worried about you.” Sherlock took one final drag from his cigarette and stubbed it out on the concrete.
John’s body is crumpled against the wall on the opposite side of the alley and, despite the darkness of the night, it’s hard to miss the blood. Lestrade doesn’t want to accept it, no more than Sherlock wants to accept it, but it’s hard to deny it.
It took only a couple of seconds but then John was in Sherlock and it was actually happening. They both inhaled together, a sudden sense of becoming overwhelmed. They were silent for what seemed like an infinity but perhaps was merely a few seconds before Sherlock whispered timidly. "This is really happening."
"Molly and Mrs Hudson have left. They would have stayed but Mrs Hudson was distraught. She's gone back to Baker Street with her." Greg paused, sighing as he stood next to me.
they holler and I zone out. No. That's, no, that cannot be right. I am trying to remain calm but it is not working and suddenly I am hyperventilating, panicking and
John braces himself against the bench and breathes deeply, each exhale shaky as he tries to stop himself from crying like he did last night. A family walk out of the hospital together and it doesn’t take a genius to know that they have heard some bad news. What looks like a dad is hugging his two daughters, and a woman who must be in her late thirties stands to the side and lights a cigarette in the smoking zone. John hates it.
Mycroft sighs and turns to face me. I can tell that he is reluctant to tell me. I know that he will not sugarcoat it.
Within an hour the two of them find themselves surrounded by the cover of trees in the forest behind Sherlock’s house. They follow a trail, one that John hasn’t been on before, and he feels relaxed as the rays of light seep through the gaps in the trees, creating shining patterns on the ground at his feet. Sherlock walks ahead slightly, occasionally plucking things from the ground before flinging them back down. The tell-tale signs of autumn are present on the trees: leaves turning from vivid green to vibrant oranges and yellows and reds, a grey squirrel scurrying about the floor looking for the perfect place to hide his food for the winter.
Sherlock scoffed. “Of course Mycroft sent you to do this.” He slammed his fist against the wall, cracking his knuckles and breaking the skin. He didn’t seem to care. “When will you stop listening to him?” The anger had broken through now and it became apparent that he wasn’t going to calm down any time soon. “Is he incapable of keeping his nose out of other people’s business?”
"I'm not going to get any better." It was the truth, a fact. Sherlock frowned, clearly unwilling to acknowledge the obvious.
Perching on the kitchen stool that Sherlock dragged into the bathroom, John looked at himself in the mirror. His face looked gaunt, skin pale, nasal cannula firmly in place. Beside him was his portable oxygen tank, the one that he carried with him anywhere and everywhere. He hated that thing, hated the looks that he got when he wheeled it along to his uni lectures.
“We don’t know a thing about each other; I don’t know where we’re meeting; I don’t even know your name.”
"Dad!" John interrupted before his father could start the verbal abuse on Sherlock. The teen on the bed turned his head as he noticed the harsh, ragged breathing of his partner. John was bent over slightly, his left hand pressing to his damaged ribs in an attempt to subdue the pain. Sherlock could clearly see that it wasn't working. "Dad... just... leave him."
“John- Dad, I came home about twenty minutes ago and I couldn’t find him and-“ John’s eyebrows furrow as he tries to decipher what his sister is saying. She’s speaking so quickly and frantically that John finds it difficult to make out what she’s saying, or rather, shouting.
saying this? After all they’ve been through in the past three weeks John finds it incredibly difficult to comprehend the fact that she doesn’t believe him. He feels Sherlock’s grip tighten again. He twitches his head to the side.
“Ours.” Sherlock states, no hesitation. John crouches, placing his arms around his daughter and lifting her in one swift movement from Sherlock’s lap. Sherlock stands too, holding the door open so John can take Rosie through to the bedroom. All the while, she remains fast asleep. They rearrange the pillows so that Rosie’s are in the centre, and place her under the duvet before John climbs in next to her. They both know that neither will be sleeping tonight. Sherlock hesitates in the doorway, debating whether to let John spend some time with Rosie just by himself or stay.
His skin is turning a sickly shade of white- too white, and his breaths are coming out in a laboured rhythm. He doesn't stop looking at me.
“Mrs Hudson,” she offered, and she too shook his hand. Finally he reached out to John, who managed, albeit weakly, to shake his hand and offered a relatively small smile.
Lestrade manages to pry Sherlock off the body and they both fall back onto the concrete of the alleyway. Sherlock doesn’t protest. Lestrade doesn’t release his grip. They both just stare. They stare at the man who matters. The man who risked his life and lost.
"You are too." Clearing my throat, I turned to look at Greg, my face a picture of confusion. "You looked after him. Cared for him. I don't know many people who would have been able to do that without getting frustrated or angry."
The fact of the matter stood, however, that John could so easily have not started breathing again. There was never a guarantee of his heart continuing to beat, and if it hadn’t, Sherlock had absolutely no idea whatsoever of how he would be coping right now.
There are pinprick marks on one arm. There are a few too many glass bottles in the bin. Both pretend not to notice.
I beg him. I beg him to wake up, to do something. I shout and I scream and I tug at his body because
“I’m Dr Patrick Holden. Would you mind if we stepped over into my office for a moment?” The doctor released his grip on Sherlock and gestured to his right, motioning to a door with the aforementioned name presented on it. Sherlock followed and took the seat offered to him as Dr Holden sat on the opposite side of his desk.
I turn to Dr Pace who seems to understand what I'm trying to say to her. She knows we need our privacy now, despite my request for her to stay and tell him. She tells us that she'll be back in half an hour.
"I need my Mum." John whispered as he stared at my lips, watching each second go by as they brushed against his bruises. "I need her."
The elder Holmes makes his way over to the chair beside Sherlock’s bed and sits down before taking a proper look at his brother. Needle marks dot their way all up his arm and his skin is sallow and pale, telling them just how sick Sherlock really is. His cheeks are hollow and a sheen of sweat is covering his face, only emphasising how ill he looked.
"John, it was your decision if and when you were going to tell me about you and Sherlock. I wasn't going to say anything until you felt comfortable enough to tell me."
They go to the bedroom (Rosie had been in there since yesterday morning) to find Rosie fast asleep, clutching her teddy bear. Sherlock’s hand rests gently against the top of Rosie’s head and he’s kneeling on the floor, head propped at an awkward angle on the sheets, and he too is fast asleep.
"No, no, it's fine. I'm just...overwhelmed." He let out a small chuckle which soon turned into a hearty laugh and then Sherlock was giggling too, giggling so hard that he was struggling to breathe.
“It’s time to go.” And he does. He manages to manoeuvre himself out from under John and Mycroft pulls him up, and suddenly they’re together in an embrace that has Sherlock sobbing into Mycroft’s shoulder. They stand there, just the two of them and Sherlock cries. He screams. And Mycroft doesn’t say a word, just hugs him tighter.
Sherlock placed a red rose on the coffin once it was lowered onto the ground. Cliché. I don't care. That elicited more sobs from the mourning relatives.
From where he was sitting, Sherlock heard the voice which was undoubtedly that of his brother’s. All traces of sadness were gone from Mrs Hudson’s voice as she said. “I thought Sherlock left you at the hospital?”
Lestrade can’t help but notice how black the blood looks in the moonlight, the way it is pooling around him, engulfing him.
The darkening sky watches him die. It watches over him with all of the power and might of the world, and the stars twinkle as they see the life draining from another man. And with all that power and all that might comes the silence, a silence which is so agonising, so pressing that it seems cruel. John wants to scream.
“You’re going. I’m not bothered by your protests or your claims of not needing it. You’re going to rehab.”
“She’s fine!” Mr Watson sputtered, coming into view at the top of the stairs. His eyebrows were drawn down in an angry glare and his knuckles were white from where he gripped his wife’s shoulder.
It was taken three weeks before his passing, on his seventeenth birthday. Greg, Mike and I held a 'party' for him. It was just the four of us and we spent the night in a tent beside the lake, a campfire roaring as we drank and listened to his favourite music. John absolutely adored it.
His voice is tiny when he finds it. "Complete or incomplete?" I want to tell him what he wants to hear, but I can't.
Immediately John's fingers were grappling at the elastic of Sherlock's underwear, pulling them down and exposing Sherlock's red and swollen cock, the tip glistening with precome. He did the same to himself until they were both naked, bodies pressing together. John tangled his fingers into Sherlock's hair, pulling slightly and causing the most gorgeous sounds to escape his boyfriend's mouth.
John is a man who never lets on to when he is experiencing pain but I can tell immediately that he is in agony. His eyes are scrunched together, an attempt to block out absolutely everything that has happened in the past twenty seconds.
The doctor stands up, as does Lestrade, and he shakes her hand. "I will make sure to inform you of any more information when we have it." They step over to the door whilst I remain seated and say something that I am unable to hear. At this point, I am no longer interested in what they have to say. I feel like my walls are collapsing, crumbling down and consuming me.
I don't regret it. I never will. Because finding those drugs, losing myself to the effects of them, allows me to get through it. There were days that I could just forget everything, forget John, forget the accident, forget his passing. There are still days that I find myself in those hazes, lost to the world, to everyone around me. They've tried to help but without success. Mycroft, Greg, Mike, teachers, all of them. But it doesn't work.
Sherlock swallows, wanting to scream. He knows John is right, he’s always right, but this is so much harder than he could have ever imagined.
"I take it," Sherlock said between breaths, "that your mother is perfectly fine with this?" His hands went up to cup John's jaw, his thumb brushing over the faint stubble that resided there.
“Come to lecture me too?” Sherlock snarled as Molly entered the living room, two cups of tea in her hands.
"John, I cannot tell you that this will get better. I cannot tell you what you want to hear because there's nothing that can be done." His lower lip trembled as I spoke to him.
"Thirty three. Eleven fatalities. I made a senseless mistake and now look where we are." Sherlock clenched his jaw tightly together, frustration building up inside of him.
“Of course I am.” Sherlock responded. “Though don’t allow Mycroft to get in on it. God forbid what his reaction would be.” The detective grimaced at the thought of the snarky comments he would inevitable receive from his older brother.
The detective pulls out his phone, looks at the picture of him and John that he had set as his wallpaper. They were at their spot, like usual. The lake was in the background, sparkling as the sun beamed down on it and created a beautiful creation of distorted pictures. Sherlock couldn't help but smile.
The lady manages to point him in the right direction but he doesn’t wait for Sherlock or Harry to follow, though the sound of their footsteps suggests that they are trying to catch up to him. They come to a ward where John is forced to stop and request entry, which he is permitted. A nurse explains Mr Watson’s condition, all of which John ignores.
“Please get off me.” She asked in a tone that was undeniably scared. Immediately John recognised the panic in his mother’s voice as she couldn’t get Mr Watson to release his fingers from her, and she pushed at him slightly with the effort to warn him to back off.
“Ok. Fucking hell.” John strides over to the front desk and grabs the attention of the lady behind the glass. “A man has just been admitted by the name of Frank Watson. An OD. Could you tell me where he is please?”
“Though in the long run,” Sherlock continues, “they’re probably saving uncle Rudi some misery. She was sleeping with the neighbour. Anyone could see that.”
“Phone an ambulance. Phone an ambulance, for god’s sake!” John shook his head as he came to his senses and saw Sherlock’s hands soaked in crimson, saw him shouting up to his father to “phone an ambulance now or get out if you can’t be helpful!”
brightest star in the sky. And on either side of it is Alshain and Tarazed- Falcon and Plundering Falcon.
“Lestrade.” At the sound of his name, the detective inspector turns around to see Mycroft standing at the top of the alleyway. Behind him is a car and two men who are holding on to a stretcher. He sees the body bag and wants to throw up. Mycroft begins walking down the alleyway until he is face to face with Lestrade. “He is going to need us.” Mycroft says, voice even more distant than Lestrade has ever heard before. He glances over Lestrade’s shoulder at his brother. “More than ever.”
“I said get off me!” But it was too late- Sherlock was fighting back and Lestrade was trying to restrain him. Voices were raised until finally,
We stripped ourselves of our remaining clothes until it was just us two, our bodies slick with sweat, breaths coming out in short, ragged gasps.
Sherlock returned his attention back to the figure on the floor, positioning his hand again so that it was supporting John's head. Lestrade was still applying pressure to the wound.
There is silence, a cold, sharp silence that tears into Lestrade like a knife reaching for his internal organs. There’s no returning from it. The damage is done and it becomes significantly clear when Sherlock eventually moves, his legs giving way as he collapses onto the floor.
"You don't. Plus, I wouldn't expect you to pay for your own funeral." John shrugged, a sadness looming over him.
“At least get yourself cleaned up if you don’t want to sit down. You’ve still got blood on your forehead.”
Immediately I am out of the door, Lestrade following me, and I make my way to the Intensive Care Unit.
When he finally succumbs I am still holding his hand which is cold. I cup it in between my hands, lifting it gently to my lips so I can touch a tender kiss on his knuckles. Lowering it down, I place his hand back onto the bed, resting it next to his hip. He looks so frail when I stand above him, still supported in a neck and spinal brace. Immediately I shake that thought away. John is not frail- he never has been and he never will be.
Sherlock clenched his fists in his hair and what came out of his mouth was more like a growl than anything else.
Sherlock thinks, watching as her chest rises up and down, up and down. “There’s no point in taking any cases at the moment.”
Rays of sunlight break through the curtains of the bedroom the next morning, enrapturing the room and all of its contents in a halo of warmth and brightness. John rolls to the side and smiles at the sight of Sherlock, brunette hair wild atop his forehead and sticking out in all directions.
"Leave him alone!" Mrs Watson yelled, darting over to the two men's sides in an instant, trying her best to pull the older man away from her son but with no luck. James kept kicking, determined not to stop.
“Let’s get you cleaned up.” The detective inspector led him away to the nearest bathroom and pressed his blood soaked hands under the tap, scrubbing them with his own hands. Sherlock stood still, the severity of the situation taking its toll on him. Lestrade had taken some paper towels from the dispenser and was now holding them under the stream of water as well, before he took them in hand and wiped it on Sherlock’s forehead.
Mrs Watson obeyed without question. She stumbled through into the other room and was on the phone immediately. The numbers were dialled within seconds but Sherlock zoned out on what was being said- he needed John.
what was going to happen, John wouldn't have almost died. John wouldn't be in this hospital bed and he sure as hell wouldn't have had to face months of rehabilitation. When John didn't reply, Sherlock spoke up again. "You almost died, John, and that would have killed me if I knew I was the one responsible for your death. I can't lose you."
The school holds a memorial service for him two days after they are made aware of his passing. They are made aware exactly one week after his death. Up until that point they had the knowledge that he was in the hospital with life threatening injuries and was very unlikely to return back to school, ever.
Now, though, all he sees is the way the water stays still, the only movement being when the breeze gently blows against it. He will not step into the water again.
I face John again and his mouth is quivering and his eyes, his eyes that were once full of happiness and charisma, are empty, staring up at the ceiling. He won't look at me. It's hurting. I suddenly realise that I am no longer stroking his hand, but he is stroking mine. Reassuring me.
Greg came and found me afterwards, standing outside of the hospital with a cigarette between my lips. Mycroft had bought them for me. Said I'd need them when the time came. And I did.
“Spare me the talk, Lestrade.” Sherlock slumped against his chair and immediately put his head in his hands. They were shaking and it wasn’t difficult to see that it was out of frustration and anger rather than worry (although Lestrade was sure that must have been a contributing factor).
“There’s nothing you can do except be there for John. Even if you decide not to be, I will. I can’t expect he’ll want to be seeing his father and it’s up to you if you want to, which I expect you will going by your reaction to John going in there. But don’t condemn John for not wanting to.”
John stares at the carpet mindlessly, not realising that Ella is speaking to him. Therapy was definitely not his idea of a good start to the morning. Then again, it wasn’t as worse as waking up in a pool of your own sweat thinking you were getting shot at again, John thought.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and scoffed at the statement. He wished people would stop telling him what he needed and what he should have. What he wanted, and everyone seemed to blatantly ignore this, was to be back at the hospital with John because that was all that mattered at the moment. He would come down from this high. He would be fine. John, on the other hand, was not going to be fine.
you. Please.” John groaned as Sherlock pressed his body against his on the bed, mouth trailing up John’s neck before finally meeting his lips. “Please.”
With one last glance towards him, I start making my out of the Intensive Care Unit, my hands clenched in fists. Again, I am suddenly overcome with emotion and I feel ill. I want to scream out at the top of my lungs, holler to people that
John drags himself from the bed, limping over to his desk before sitting down and picking his gun up from where it sits in the drawer. He holds it, feeling the heavy weight of it against his hand.
“Let’s just say that no one should trust your cousins with the responsibility of projections. Ever.” Mr Holmes grimaces as he cuts up his potato before shoving it into his mouth and shaking his head. Mrs Holmes begins speaking.
Sherlock finds himself standing up, walking a couple of metres to the edge of the water. A small wooden walkway goes into the lake and Sherlock steps onto it, eyes never leaving the water. He places his hands in his pocket yet again, feeling for his packet of cigarettes and pulling another one out, lighting it immediately.
“John.” Lestrade stands still, not stepping any further into the room. John too stands where he is, careful not to make too much noise. “John,” Lestrade says again, this time a lot softer. “I’ll come back another time.” A sympathetic smile crosses his lips as John nods as a thank you. He’s loathe to send anyone away who wants to visit Rosie, especially if it’s Lestrade or Mrs Hudson or Molly, but on days like these he knows it’s for the best. Lestrade makes to leave, squeezing John’s shoulder ever so slightly as he leaves. Then, it’s just the three of them yet again.
"It is too early to tell, John, although there is a high probability of the former, considering the current situation."
But I can't. John doesn't want me to and the rational part of my mind is telling me that no good would have come of it. They're not a criminal who is specifically going out of their way to harm someone. They are just people who happened to be at the wrong place, at the wrong time.
I glance at Dr Pace who is standing a small distance away from us. I hold my finger up to her, asking for a moment. She nods her head.
"You don't know that!" The younger man shouted, raising his voice at his fiancé. And that's when he lost it, all of the emotions finally hitting him. "It's fucking killing me, John. Knowing I can't do anything to help you. Knowing that any day could be your last. I don't want to waste this time at bloody university. I want to be with you and the only thing preventing me from doing that is that ridiculous place. I didn't want you to know how much this is hurting me John but it is. It's hurting so bloody much. I can't bear the thought of you dying, I don't want to think about it! But I can't help it because it's a fact and I can't just
“Come on, Sherlock. You can pull through this.” Lestrade is standing in the doorway of Sherlock’s side room in the ward, staring as the man on the bed struggles for his life to get through another overdose. “You’re stronger than this.”
“They were meant to project a series of photographs of Rudi and Sienna together but your cousins had other ideas. Suddenly the whole of the church had to bear witness to your uncle in woman’s lingerie and knee high boots. Needless to say, Sienna was mortified.”
“I can’t imagine how he’s feeling.” She didn’t need to say anymore to Lestrade for him to know what she meant. Sherlock had never been good at dealing with emotions in any situation, let alone dealing with something as traumatic as this. They knew what John was to Sherlock. If something came in the way of those two it was utterly unpredictable what either man would do. They were two parts to one whole. Molly and Lestrade knew this.
Sherlock had immediately moved round to the other side of John’s bed and placed his hand on John’s exposed shoulder, gently indicating for him to
“John was shot last night on a case.” He placed his mug on the coaster and collapsed back into his chair, kicking his shoes off as he did so.
"Tea bags. I was going to the shop." His face suddenly comes to a realisation. "The car. I-I remember the car." He snaps his eyes together again. "Then, then t-the road. You put your coat on me. I think Lestrade was there. I don't know."
His whole left side was absent of skin, most of it burnt and peeled away, including his face. I shook my head, not willing to accept this because how could this possibly be happening?
"He will never walk again! How can he be doing well when it hasn't even been two days since his whole life has changed?" I am furious at everything. How can this have happened? Why him? Why does he have to go through this?
Back downstairs in the kitchen, John's happiness was beginning to wash away. Telling his mum had gone smoothly but he still had to inform his dad. "Why didn't you tell me you knew?" He asked timidly, not wanting to ruin the moment by causing an argument. His mother let out a sigh.
The pain was excruciating. Absolutely fucking excruciating. There wasn't enough time for John to react before he felt the knuckles cracking into his temple, his jaw, his cheek. Punch after punch after punch.
Snivels and sobs escaped mouths as Sherlock spoke his eulogy. Mrs Watson requested he speak for John.
“No, thank you.” Sherlock pressed his palms together, intertwining his fingers as he waited for the doctor to speak.
“Harry’s not planning at staying at home tonight. She and Clara are on good terms again- it was inevitable that they were going to reconcile. This means that you’ll be at home by yourself and I
"Bedroom?" I managed to breathe out and suddenly Sherlock had taken my hand in his own and was somehow simultaneously undressing me as we made our way to the bed.
“No. I don’t need it.” He placed the mug on a coaster on the table and sat back against the sofa, yawning. He was becoming increasingly aware of how knackered he was.
"They think everything's going to be fucking okay." John slurred, a glass bottle of alcohol between his fingers. He was slumped against his bedroom wall, head lolling to the side as he muttered through his words. I kneeled in front of him, one hand resting on his kneecap, the other enclosed around the bloody knuckles that he had just slammed into the mirror.
Sherlock curls in on himself and presses the needle in to his vein. He can no longer feel the jab when it is pressed into his skin, or the rush in his bloodstream when the drugs are injected. He’s shivering and clammy and
“Mum was annoyed that Dad had gone and allowed you to get pissed again. You wound up in the hospital
"No." A choked sob escaped John's mouth as the word came out in a scared whisper. Manoeuvring round, Sherlock twisted John so that he was facing him, legs on either side of his hips, foreheads resting against one another.
"That is a valid point." John returned the smile and rested his forehead against Sherlock's, breathing warm breath onto his face. A blush rose up Sherlock's cheeks as John looked him in the eyes, a thousand emotions conveyed through just one look. Sherlock tilted his chin upwards and sought John's lips with his own, pressing his tongue into the wetness of John's mouth. "I love you, Sherlock."
