"You want me to proofread it for you?" Cas offered, and Dean smiled widely. Of course he would let him read it, but this was a bigger thing. Letting Casproofread it gave him a sense of purpose and maybe some control and that would be a very good thing, right? Dean thought so.
The place really wasn't much, one bedroom and a kitchen/living room all cramped up together with so little space, it could only fit a small coffee table and a couch and even with that there was not much room to maneuver in the kitchen. Castiel motioned for the couch as he spoke up "Have a seat, I'll just find the leftovers and heat them up..."
Castiel actually laughed at that and that sound warmed Dean's heart just a bit. "No, just Castiel."
"I do. I really do. You..."
The room boomed with the scent of chocolate, drawing Castiel in and reminded him of those cold winter nights all snuggled in next to a fireplace, drinking the hot cocoa. The feeling was so intense, it made him want to just curl in the omega's arms, breathe him in and get lost in that incredible sensation.
"You just want... A friend. Right?" Dean added and watched Castiel furrow his brows for a moment before he let out a sigh.
Dean glanced at him,
Some additional plot weaseled it's way into this chapter and no matter what I tried, I just couldn't shake it off. That is the first part of the chapter.
He heard Castiel ask and he nodded without thinking, never wanting to part that soft touch. Castiel's lips spread into a wide smile, his hand slipping down Dean's neck and landing on his shoulder.
Oh, when Dean pulled out that bathrobe, so fluffy and smelling of mountain dew and spring. And Dean, he actually stepped outside to let Cas change. The robe was so soft and warm, it made Castiel want to just snuggle in it, curl up and sleep.
"You... You have... Here..." A combination of some huffed words and pointing to his own mouth did the trick and Dean Oh-ed, quickly picking up a napkin and wiping most of it off.
"Hey, um... Can... Can we... Can I walk you to your apartment?" Dean said and Castiel wasn't sure that was what he originally meant to say, but nodded either way. He had no idea why he did that, but Dean clearly wanted something, and a part of Castiel wanted to know what it was. Or just wanted to be around the guy. Or both. It felt so weird, having someone walk next to him, accompany him in silence. Weird, but not unpleasant. Not like it was the first time they walked this path on that wretched night. Castiel wished he could forget about it, forget it ever happened.
"I know." the nurse said with a soft smile. Of course, everyone knew who Mr. Novak was. Only a few knew Castiel. But much to his surprise, the media and the papers weren't where she knew him from. "Dean spoke of you. Not to me, of course, but to Sam. I accidentally overheard. He does care about you a great deal, you know?"
"There is some leftover dinner, but I think it could wait until…" Balthazar started, trailing off as Jack entered the room, tools in hand. The young alpha put them in front of Castiel, a familiar looking set and he knew exactly what they intended to do. So he simply nodded and allowed Balthazar near, sitting down calmly and patiently while the beta worked on getting his mask off.
And Sam couldn't contain his alpha any longer.
Dean took a deep breath and while his upper body remained motionless, his foot backed behind the other one and he quickly disposed of his shoes, almost unnoticeably as Bon Jovi started to sing.
"When was I ever nice?" Crowley asked looking appalled. He put aside another spotless glass and changed the subject. "So, you going off to see your brother?" Dean nodded and Crowley nodded back. That there was actually quite a nice conversation, one of the better ones he had with the man. Maybe it is just something about this day that is making everyone act nicer.
"Huhm?"
The apartment was so quiet and Gabriel was so tired, that he just took a peek in Castiel's room, saw him curled on the bed and assumed he was still asleep. Within a minute, he was crashing down on his own bed, exhausted and so happy that it is Sunday, and he didn't have to work this evening.
"I am going to head out and catch some shut eye, I had a double shift, but I will come by later today to check up on you guys. We could discuss moving them both somewhere more... Comfortable, in a few days. Let the others do the rest regarding justice and setting things right, you just focus on Dean. We are here for you so that you could be there for him."
It took Dean a few moments, his face not so red any more, but still arousingly blushed as he gave the tiniest nod. Cas' hand immediately slipped down to cup his erection, instantly loving the weight of it. The action made Dean's eyes snap open with a myriad of emotions mirroring in his eyes, he hadn't expected Cas to be so upfront so soon. Cas found himself mesmerized by that look and he wanted, he needed to see more, so he tugged Dean's wrist to his pajama pants, telling him he wanted them off.
"I don't care. They could survive one day without me. I just want to lay here and hold you in my arms the whole day, and just... Enjoy the life." Castiel commented. Dean's face still had that smile plastered on as he shook his head. He leaned and stole one more kiss before he whispered one word - "Tonight".
After a few moments, Sam quirked his brow up and nudged his head forward. "You kinda what?"
But damnit, the pain was gone, replaced only by this shaky needy feeling of a heat, something Gabriel could handle much more easily. As he was finally able to breathe and think, he came to a startling conclusion that... The alpha was actually trying to help. And succeeded too.
Castiel was always too busy working to notice he was alone. Even when he was in a room filled with people, he was alone. And he never noticed it. Never cared enough to notice.
Not that it was good 50 years ago, when the alphas ruled everything and omegas were treated like less then dogs, made to cook, clean and satisfy their alpha. It got bad, really bad, and it all culminated, causing the omega's to rise up and start the historical
Days later, Gabriel was somewhat back to normal and working again, refusing to talk to Dean about the whole episode. Castiel was left in their apartment at his own device and Dean couldn't handle that anymore. Since the alpha hadn't shied away from him that night, Dean hoped he could try and talk to him, set things straight and if nothing else keep him company and break his loneliness. But when he opened his door to go downstairs, he did not expect to find Castiel right out side.
And as Mr. Novak lifted his gaze to meet his, a wave of guilt mixed with a small amount of anger hit Dean like a tidal wave. What the fuck did he think he was doing? It didn't matter if he was sure or not, it didn't matter if he wanted something or not. It didn't matter what he felt. He didn't matter.
By this time Dean learned what it would mean to be with a man, what would be expected of him and cringed so hard when he learned what a but plug was. But he knew it would come a day when he would have to agree to this. No way around it. He got lucky with Michael, but he doubted it would last. He was never that lucky.
The thing was, when a person presents an an alpha, his family is required by law to send him to the training facilities. That was just a nice name for correctional establishments that would beat the 'alphaness' out of them and teach them to be nice and compliant, and it wasn't anything new that people would just end up dead there. Especially those who fought back and wouldn't bow down before the betas and the occasional omega that ran those places. No normal omega would want any part of it, most longed for a good alpha, but there were those that... Just weren't right in the head.
"I mean stiff. Tense. You're..."
That night, Dean used his hands on Castiel one more time to bring him to the werge, whispering sweet things about Cas filling him and making him round with his pups, the idea sending the alpha over the edge with a shout. The next morning, when he woke as the little spoon, Dean backed his ass into Cas’ crotch and grumbled when his alpha wouldn’t breach him, saying that he was saving him for his heat, as he didn’t want Dean to be too sore. With the promises of how well he would take care of Dean, Cas rutted against his ass and painted it with his release, then used his mouth on Dean, making him scream with pleasure.
"I am sorry." Cas said slumping his shoulders.
"I... I don't... I don't think I can." Cas finally replied, followed by a deep sound of defeat. Dean might even get what he was hoping for.
Walking back to he club with those thoughts in mind, Dean didn't notice a grey Toyota Corolla trailing him, much less the driver behind the wheel, whose eyes were trained on Dean watching him and his every move like a hawk.
What seemed like teasing but was actually Cas being unable to undo the stubborn button of his jeans fit perfectly into the song, the success of the act aligning perfectly with the change of melody. He let the jeans pool around his ankles and he showed off the bulk in his underwear that was all too eager to come out and play. As he seductively lifted his leg to step out of the jeans, his toes caught up on the material and he stumbled and fell face down with a loud thud.
"Fine! I'll prove it to you! I will prove that I am not wasting my life living in a bubble, that I am not a chicken! I am not afraid to go out and do something adventurous!"
“When she found out, she was okay with it, she understood. Or at least she thought she was, before she just snapped one day during a sermon and literally pointed a finger at me and… She said I had sinful desires and that I will burn in Hell for them. She told everyone.”
But why would Castiel even feel like Dean should have done that? It wasn't just the fact that Castiel wanted him to, why did he expect him to?
The short British man simply nodded at them when they entered the club, and Castiel at the stage, the image of Dean dancing around the pole flashing briefly in his mind, but he shook it off to focus on the more important issue. The bartender walked them towards the back and they passed those two dancers Castiel encountered before - Kevin and Adam. And while Kevin didn't even make eye contact, Adam had a condescending and a disgusted look on his face as he watched them pass by. In any other circumstances, Castiel might have wondered why he was like that, but now? There was something more important to do.
"-ake up?" He forced himself to say, grimacing at the soreness in his throat.
"Of course you do. If the information is that valuable, you know you will be paid accordingly."
And Dean needed to make undefinable sounds made out of "...phm...tmp...hmh..."
He was scared, okay?! Could you blame him? His whole life he had his little brother to look after and suddenly he didn't need Gabriel anymore and the omega still hadn't really comprehend that, finding too much free time and uncertain what to do with it, sometimes even forgetting that Castiel wasn't there and he would start talking to him (to a wall). It was only two days ago that he realized he could go and meet new people and it was scary.
"Dude! You are hilarious!" She said and Dean looked at her, then back at Cas, only to see him blushing rose red, but with a smile on his face. So it was a joke. A good joke. Dean definitely fell for it. "Oh, did you see the look on his face?! He was such a Ross for a moment." Charlie said, barely catching her breath.
Seeing Cas' building all burnt down nearly gave him a heart-attack. Certainly made his eyes tear, and his lungs close up on him. The worst was the smell. The strongest thing to bring back all those forgotten memories of how his mother perished. And just the thought that Cas was there...
Suddenly, Castiel stopped and quickly pulled away just a bit, enough to make eye contact with Dean. Confusion flashed in Dean's eyes for a moment as Castiel kept his fixed gaze upon them, searching and Dean instantly remembered that same look in Castiel's eyes back then, on their first night. He hadn't known what that meant then, but he did now, he knew Castiel was still fearful of making a wrong move, of Dean's reaction and of hurting him in anyway. Dean wished so hard he could just come out and say it, say he was alright and that he wanted this, that he wanted Castiel, he wanted the intimacy between them to grow. But voice out what he wanted was still very hard for him, so...
Dean quietly finished his breakfast and then took a deep breath and looked up at Cas and accidentally huffed a loud smile. "You... You have some syrup on..." He stopped, seeing Castiel watching him blankly, only tilting his head slightly to the left, and probably wondering what the fuck was Dean doing? After all the shit he pulled last night and then cried himself to sleep, instead of explaining, he was pulling this again? As unintentional as it may have been, still wasn't right.
"Cas! Cas!" He called out, coming closer, setting a knee on the bed to try and calm Cas down. As soon as Cas felt him near, he turned to him, reaching and grabbing his shirt, dragging him even closer.
"Why, I'd never..." A woman's voice snapped of their moment and they both looked in the direction it came, finding an elderly woman standing there appalled, reminding them that their little part of the beach wasn't completely private.
"Oh... Well... How about a hot dog then? I saw a vendor down the street?" Dean asked hoping Cas would accept.
"Nah. Nothing important. I was supposed to met a friend at Sidekicks saloon, but we could always get together tomorrow night. Or next weekend, she'll understand." Dean replied.
Dean made that happen. It was thanks to him that Castiel was safe, healing and feeling better than he has in a long time. He did feel a bit guilty about taking up Dean's space, time and food, but loved being pampered a little bit.
"That's probably Zeke, coming to check up on you, he said he would stop by today." Dean said, walking towards the door. When he came back with the good doctor in tow, he saw that Cas remained seated, with his hands in his lap, looking so small, and he just wanted to go and wrap his arms around him. Cas clearly had an aversion for new people, despite having met Zeke before. Such deep trust issues were worrying Dean a bit, but there was not much he could do about it now. He needed Cas to let him in first.
So much for not being a high-school teenage girl, considering the heat he felt rising up on his cheeks and a goofy smile that he tried to contain by pinching his lips together. I mean, Dean spoke of him? To Sam?
. So he did.
The soft touches combined with rough lip pinches already had Dean loosing his mind by the time Castiel reached his nipples. It was like he was worshipping his body, giving every part so much attention and adoration, it was intoxicating. It kind of reminded him of that rose Castiel used on him and that memory did not help his aching cock, poor thing still confined in his jeans.
"Crowley! That's not nice."
"It's okay... I should have been more clear about what I intended, I am sorry."
"I wouldn't mind having more meals like this, it was nice." Gabriel commented.
Turned out, Dean was his a few more times after that. Each time one of them climaxed, the effects of the vine plants lessened, but came back full force when they caught their breath. It didn't let go until Castiel, in one of his moments of delirium, proclaimed that he belonged to Dean, that he would always be his, no matter what and Dean… Dean told him he loved him. That orgasm was mind blowing, literally and Castiel had no recollection of any thoughts or actions after that, until he woke up the next morning, body tangled with Dean's.
Ten minutes later he was once again a screaming moaning mess, and Naomi was pleased with herself for making a sixteen years old kid come for the third time. Fourth was after bouncing on him for over an hour, while at the same time playing with her clit. She nearly suffocate him when she pushed her nipple back into his mouth, but it made her bounce harder and he was too oxygen deprived to know what he was doing anymore.
"I really wish you would let me present for you." Dean spoke breathless. Castiel looked away, a slight frown forming above his sad eyes. He couldn't tell Dean why he disliked it, he couldn't tell him that it linked back to the training facilities and the alpha's there were... 'taught' not to get aroused when an omega had their ass up in the air. They were 'taught' to go against their instincts on the most basic sexual urge. Even when he went full alpha in the beginning of his rut, the sight of Dean presenting and submitting to him after the chase made his inner alpha pause with a distinct notion that something was wrong. That was one of the reasons he didn't just slam his throbbing cock inside of him then, but instead carefully approached and was swept away by Dean's scent so much, he just had to taste it.
Castiel pushed on. He pushed on, his tongue coming out to swipe over that soft, delicious lip and running away when Dean opened to allow entrance. He pushed on again, wishing so hard to feel more, to taste more, licking Dean's lip again and once more running away. Dean reciprocated in a similar manor, his own tongue caressing before pulling back.
"Would you...um... Would you like to watch a movie with me?" Mr. Novak asked a little shyly and Dean's jaw dropped.
paying, he could do anything to Dean. That he...
Wasn't he good, didn't he dance well? Should he have shown more flexibility? Maybe... Maybe he should have taken off the underwear by himself too. Maybe he should have been a more active participant, but... He didn't didn't know what were Mr. Novak's preferences, no one told him.
"Can you make a copy? Actually, make that three. - Nick almost whispered to Crowley - We'll give one to the cops, keep one just in case and I'll have Charlie send the third one to Ash, he is our best bet now. He'll find him. He'll find him."
He was however lucky today and Castiel showed up just after breakfast. Dean felt so happy and overwhelmed that he almost ran to the man and hugged him, but the expression on Castiel's face stopped him. There were no bad emotions in his eyes, just surprise. Balth walked in their line of sight, breaking it, and Dean just... Ran.
He was only human.
Cas frowned looking downward, then flexed his toes, his frown deepening into a wince.
"Only a little?"
"Tsk, tsk, tsk..." She said with slight disappointed look in her eyes. "Guess you are goin' to have to work on that..." Then she seemed to have an idea what made her eyes sparkle. "Hm... I wonder how many times can I make you come."
Still, his own stupid principles and moral kept him from growling back to him and Castiel found himself in a very unenviable situation. If he didn't get a job within a week, he won't have enough for groceries and rent. Since he was payed by commission, and his last editing was completed over a month ago, the money had already run thin. He should have finished Becky's
"No, Cas, no... I would never do that to you. I know... I know you are so much different than all of them, and I... God, this is..." Dean was getting nervous again, and it only then hit Castiel of how open Dean was. He hasn't said anything, he was struggling to show what he liked and disliked and now he is talking, actually talking, and it was amazing that he has been able to be so upfront with what he wanted. And he was clearly struggling as it was, and then Castiel had to go and push him to talk more. There was a sudden tightness in his chest and all Castiel wanted to do was to stop harassing Dean and just follow his own instincts on this - they haven't failed him yet.
The minute his eyes spotted the shiny, metallic Toyota, and a familiar figure in front of it, Castiel's eyes filled with joy to see him again, he felt like falling a part. He didn't deserve a man like Castiel, he didn't deserve his kindness or his gentle touch. But than that annoying part of his brain supplied that he couldn't choose how he made his penance, he couldn't choose the way life decided to punish him, so he just has do deal with what he was given, play with the hand he was dealt and try to make the best of it. So Dean took a deep breath and stepped into that car, choosing to feel grateful instead of undeserving.
"Winchester! Open up!" He yelled, his eyes focused on Castiel, boring into him as if he would disappear if the beta blinked. "Open up now, or will we be forced to bring the gate down."
“Fffffuck…” Dean stammered, lifting his head up a bit, and looking down at Castiel, his cheeks flushed and his lips parted. Feeling braver than ever before, Castiel lifted his other hand, gripped Dean by the back of the neck and yanked him down for a fierce kiss. The hunter mewled, but definitely didn’t surrender, their tongues battling. Not for dominance, but to show more passion, more lust, more hunger for the other, things they could never show before. Neither could remember why.
"I..." Castiel started, something in his stomach turning into a knot. He wanted this, of course he wanted, and he showed it, but Dean needed him to speak up, and how could he? How could he open up like that, and be vulnerable, let the words out there and possibly be rejected? Fortunately, Dean seemed to sense it was a struggle for Castiel, so he spoke up again.
He kept repeating that when he agreed to see Alistair for the second time. Azazel managed to get seven hundred dollars this time and promised it was all going to Sammy. Dean had to agree. He couldn't bare the thought of... It would just be too much.
"I do like to surprise. Just wait till I make you my surprise lunch." Gabriel replied and Sam smiled at the idea of them staying together and Gabriel actually making lunch. The alpha picked up the shower head and Gabriel just widened his arms, waiting to be wetted.
Mr. Novak's hands slid down on Dean's ass at the same time his lips parted Dean's and started tracing down Dean's neck. He focused on it for a while, his hands set on Dean's bottom and at one point he gripped it a bit tighter and pulled Dean close again, making him gasp.
Entering the bathroom Dean slowly shed the blanket off himself, but clung onto the coat as he reached to turn on the shower. He clenched the collar and hid his face in it for a moment, taking comfort for the familiar smell of pine forests and... well... Castiel. He inhaled and exhaled, trying damn hard to keep it together, to take anything, any though as a sigh it will all be alright. He is in a clients penthouse, but he is safe. Castiel isn't here, but he is safe. He has his coat and he is... Safe. With a shuddering breath and a shaky hand, he took the coat of and folded it neatly, placing it on the side with full intend of putting it back on once he showers. Before he left, Benny handed him some plain sweatpants and a T-shirt, but he still knew he would need the coat.
The plane started it's descend just when Castiel removed his jeans and briefs, then knelt before him, his warm palms spreading over Dean's thighs as he drew closer. Dean's wide eyes were trained on him as Castiel changes his ways, opting now for tender kisses up his leg and hard hand squeezing of anything the man could reach. Anything but Dean's throbbing, pre-cum leaking cock.
Cas looked up at him, silent and so fucking lost, Dean felt as if his heart was wrenched out of his chest. He looked so hopeless, so defeated, so close to crying, and if he started, Dean was certain he wouldn't be able to stay away.
Somewhere in the distance, a deep male voice sounded, calling out, and Dean almost felt as if it was his dad calling for him, telling him it was over and that he could finally rest in peace. Dean wasn't that lucky.
(See the end of the chapter for
And somehow the image of those bright blue eyes looking down on Dean as he undid that button of those blue pants made something in Dean's chest flutter, and he saw those chipped lips coming closer again and he sucked a breath at his own fantasy, confused and maybe a bit scared of what it all meant. Why was he feeling like this? Why was he feeling at all? Maybe Mr. Novak noticed something and that's why he broke it off. Maybe Dean as too eager? Too clingy with that kiss? Jesus, will he ever do anything right?
Dad wasn't a bad guy, he never hit Dean nor Sam, he tried, he really tried. Sometimes things would get hard and he would allow himself to get drunk and pass out of a couch in a random place they were staying at, and Dean would sometimes have to go and find food for Sammy. But that was the least he could do after being the cause off all their problems.
"Lucky for you, I happen to have some sweet cheese. I could use your help with the eggs, pieces of the shells always somehow sneak past me." Sam replied, that smile still lingering and those mossy eyes sparkling up as they met Gabriel's hazel ones. In an instant, something clicked and Gabriel felt a wave of... Something nice wash over him.
After demanding to speak to their superior, he was escorted to the office of the police chief Drebin, an older man with grey hair shook his hand and explained that some cases take priority. Castiel then explained that, if they manage to find Dean, that a substantial amount of money will be donated to their particular precinct, and suddenly police chief Drebin changed his tune and promised they would leave no stone unturned. Castiel didn't get his hopes up that they would actually find him, but it never hurt to have more people searching.
in his lap, ready to be picked up and read. But Dean paused, taking a moment to think about it all, his life and his strange relationship he started, and the secrets that weighted down on him. He couldn't tell Castiel about all of his, not yet, but maybe... Maybe he could tell Sammy about him. Even if Sammy couldn't really hear him.
"All gone?"
"No, no, of course I will." Gabriel replied. He promised he will keep it a secret, and also learned that so far, everyone in the house knew. Gabriel learned that trust is something nobody here gives easily, but once they do, they are an open book. And it makes the connections they make that much more profound. Gabriel would never betray such trust, knowing what is at stake.
"What I have learned, the only thing I needed to learn was that you love your brother and that, no matter what, you would stand by his side... And you are the kind of people we would want to help. If you'll let us." Dean finished his big speech and waited for Gabriel's reaction. The omega just stared at him with disbelief for good few minutes before he burst into laughter.
"Cas..." Dean's coarse voice made Castiel snap his head up to meet his gaze, and as he scooped up more of the salty liquid, Castiel fed him the spoonful and shook his head.
Dean's hand slowly found it's way under Castiel's shirt, fingertips tracing over his waist, but not moving away from there, so Castiel set his own hands over Dean's and pushed down, pressing Dean's hot palm against his skin and humming upon contact. Motivated by that, Dean's hand started to slowly move, caressing and feeling the muscles on Castiel's back. Then, Dean's hand caught on the shirt and started slowly pulling it up and Castiel shivered with the feeling of Dean's hands going up, over his ribs and he could feel the jolt that this action sent to his groin. It would be impossible for him to get hard so soon after his release, but it seemed that he was slowly heading that way, as mindboggling as it may be.
The most gentle, pleased smile broke over his face as he realized Dean fell asleep right there on his chest. Those tingles were there again, making him feel all warm and fuzzy. He slowly brought his hand up and ran his fingers through Dean's hair, moving down to caress his cheek. The movie started up again from the beginning and illuminated Dean, making his freckles stand out. Dean stirred, so Castiel stilled his movements, not wishing to wake him up. He waited for Dean to go back under and only then reached for the blanket that was on top of the two-seater, covering Dean and a bit of himself.
"In here." Cas called back from his room, and Dean let out a breath he didn't  even realize  he was holding. Cas was still here. And surprisingly, he sounded okay.
"You... And you like it?" Dean asked.
Abruptly, Gabriel rose to his feet, his heart pounding in his chest. Did he want that? Or did his inner omega want an alpha to spend the heat with? To have an alpha knot him, mark him, breed him, mat... Holy mother of Liam Hemsworth!
His phone vibrated in his pocket, and Castiel fished it out, frowning at the caller ID. This man could really be annoying. He let it ring, and let it go to voice mail, but a moment later it vibrated again, this time in a two short buzzes indicating he got a text message.
Things that would normally take two hours, he completed in half an hour and rushed back to the apartment, only to find Cas exactly as he left him, sitting outside and reading. The man smiled when he saw Dean return, and gave him a small wave, then went back to his book.
"Is it deep?" Castiel asked, unconsciously reaching for Dean's hand to inspect it.
Except dancing. He is amazing at it, even if he hates it from the bottom of his soul.
"What else? What else would you want me to do?"
"Well, I am here as long as you need me." Sam said, trying to hide the glimmer in his eyes by looking down at the tray. He hadn't told Gabriel, but as soon as he found enough courage to untangle himself from the omega, he called Pamela. She assured him that if Gabriel wasn't in any pain, that it was a good thing, but that she couldn't be sure what happened until she examined him. Pamela did ask a few questions like if he noticed excessive production of slick and how was Gabriel sleeping, was it restless. (Both were a no.) She also told him she was glad that Gabriel had him to help through the heat and that the experience might be good for him too. Sam blushed hard at her words, she had no idea just how affected he was by the sweet omega.
"Hey, there... On that coffee table." Dean said pointing to said piece of furniture to Mr. Novak's left and ended up with his mouth ajar (no, definitely not drooling) for the second time in just a matter of minutes when Mr. Novak bent over to retrieve the remote, his pants tightening making his perfectly round ass really pop up. Jesus! he thought to himself before he looked away.
"Were too!" Charlie threw back.
He jumped out of the bed and stood right in front of Benny, his eyes darting, his voice grave and serious.
"Well, for what it's worth, I am glad you decided to do this for Balth. He certainly deserves it."
"What if I told you I would now rather have you in the bed beside me, kissing you?"
That was strange. It didn't tell him to get over it like it didn't matter that it happened like Dean would expect it to. Huh.
" Charlie stated with a smile, backing away from her laptop and tuning it towards Cas and Dean.
"Cas? You okay?" Dean asked, his face morphing with concern. "Did we fall asleep? Did you... Did you have another nightmare?"
A knock on the door made him jump with jitters, and he squealed, but thankfully, it wasn't loud enough for Dean to hear. "Hey, um, shout out when you're done, okay? I need to brush my teeth." Dean spoke through the door and Castiel's heart pounded in his chest so hard, he thought it might try and leap out.
"Oh fuck, Cas..." Dean let out and gripped Cas's hand that held Dean's chest, intertwining their fingers as the alpha slowly started rocking against him, making his cock slide and brush the back of his ball with each slide, and holy hell, that was so arousing and tickling at the same time. Castiel's lips returned to kiss Dean's neck, teeth grazing every once in a while making Dean go crazy.
Dean knew he was starting to develop feelings, and as he glanced back at Castiel's sleeping form, a part of him wished they could stay in their little bubble like this forever. But he knew that was just wishful thinking and that he shouldn't get his hopes up and dare to even consider imagining that...
"Too perfect for me..."
"God, no! It is more like - Surprise! I can't cook so I made PBJ sandwiches." Gabriel said as Sam turned the water spray towards him. The alpha laughed at Gabriel's reply.
But once he pulled back, he was confused to see the wide smile on Castiel's face with his lower lips bleeding profusely. He didn't bite him, he didn't sink his teeth through his skin did he?
So Dean waltzed over, naked, swaying his hips seductively, and reached for the alpha who seemed glued to the spot. His hand tugged at the belt and let the bathrobe fall open, revealing a very big and red, deliciously looking and fully erect alpha cock. "Oh. Alpha..." Dean scolded just a bit. "You shouldn't hide these things from me, Alpha. Let me take care of you..." Dean said and waited for a confirmation, because he wouldn't do anything without the alpha's consent. Never again. Cas raised his shy eyes and studied Dean for a moment, before finally giving a small nod.
He could hear Castiel take a deep, shuddering breath before he slowly turned around. There was fear, so much fear in his eyes as he looked back at Gabriel, slowly reaching for the collar of his coat and pulling it away. Gabriel choked on nothing but air at the sight of a bite mark... No, a mating mark on Castiel's neck.
Gabriel might have been extremely aroused and so in a dire need of the alpha's humongous cock inside of him right the fuck now, but somehow, these soft, kind touches grounded him for a moment, so he allowed it.
Castiel said if he wanted something, he just had to ask, right?
"By all means. Go out and buy Captain Crunch instead of Cheerios. Get high on the sugar, go nuts." Gabriel said with a laugh. He liked to tease his brother, but this was a bit more serious. This time he really wanted to provoke a reaction.
It is a good thing that Dean was a bite away from being done with his main course, and the silence didn't last long as Castiel got up and cut the pie. A part of him wondered for a moment that if Dean really enjoyed the types of food he mentioned, how come he was so slim, almost skinny. He could only hope it is due to Dean's metabolism and not the fact that he might have skipped meals. It made his heart ache a bit and he made sure to give Dean a slightly larger slice.
He did not mention he hadn't thought about it, not until Nick mentioned it.
Dean blinked in surprise at his words, maybe a bit hurt and appalled, mouthing the words
Truth was, Dean had been sneaking glances at the man ever since he first visited the shelter as a homeless man, coming to that particular shelter more often then any others, not that there were all that many to begin with. There was just something about Cas that drew him towards the man and made him want to be close, maybe even the center of his attention. Dean had recognized that wouldn't be a good thing for him right now, so he tried to stay away. Until that night.
Throughout dinner, Castiel remained silent and contemplative, ignoring the courtesans as they conversed with Lord Samuel and Baron Bartholomew and not noticing the Cardinal’s absence. Tired of all the thoughts that weighed him down and  of having to hide what he was doing, he took a plate and loaded it with a few fried chicken legs and mashed potatoes, with some lettuce salad aside and headed towards his room. If anyone saw him, they could just think of the prince taking more food into his room as an act of a spoiled child and nothing more. It wasn't as if any of them were important.
"If you want to watch something else, I am cool with it." He offered.
"What's that asshole got over you?" Charlie interrupted and Dean's eyes snapped at her. Sure, he knew Crowley dabbled in light blackmail, but Cas always made it seem like he was indebted to him, like he borrowed money, bit that he was being blackmailed.
"You hungry? I think it is a good time for a late lunch, or an early dinner, however you want to call it?" He asked, putting a towel first around Dean's waist and then around his own. Dean's eyes were focused on the floor most of the time, shy and adorable as always, but he did glance up once they were both covered, and gave the tiniest smile that spread so much warmth through Castiel's heart. "How about you pick?"
Gabriel dramatically paused, taking a breath and leveling Castiel with a serious face for a moment before the grin in his face returned.
"Yes... Yes, like that... oohhh!" Gabriel was cut off when Sam did it again, then tried to praise more, but the words were stuck in his throat, the only thing escaping his lips were whimpers and whines as the alpha kept plunging up at him, hard and fast. The familiar pressure built inside of his belly so fast it made his head spin, but there was also this unfamiliar and tingling sensation in his lower back, the mere feeling providing enough curiosity to delay his pending orgasm. That is until he felt the first time that the alpha's knot grazed his rim. His inner omega busted out, colouring his irises in gold and clenched down on Sam's cock, meeting his every thrust up with a downward slam with renewed strength.
"Gah. You are more chipper than a teenage girl on a prom night, just like the other two. What is with you lot? Don't any of you know it is Monday?" Crowley spat out, no real heat behind his words. "They are out, having a ball. The boss doesn't seem so perky though, looking pale and out of breath this morning. Wonder what crawled up his arse?"
Castiel could feel Dean's dick twitching hard and he knew he was almost there, that fact alone brought him closer to the edge. He leaned even closer, and without much thinking started planting wet, sloppy kisses on Dean's neck, as much as his own breathing allowed him, and soon Dean was falling apart, coming with a cry, a moan so delicious, Castiel wished he was kissing his lips, so that he could get a taste of that sound and swallow it down.
Castiel rocked once, his groin grinding against Dean's trapped cock making him groan. The sound was completely swallowed by Castiel as he kept his passionate attack on Dean's lips and mouth. The next moan managed to slip away as Castiel took Dean's lower lip and nibbed on it, sucking on it slightly while continuing to rock back and forth.
Eventually, Gabriel's stomach growled at him and he turned a sheepish smile at the alpha, the first of it's kind. There might even be a blush there in the mix, Sam couldn't tell for sure.
Yeah, no.
Cas helped Dean ride it out, just staring at the perfect image of debauchery in front of him and feeling his own arousal shimmer just below the surface. Time stood still yet again, as they kept gazing into each other's eyes for a good few minutes until Dean broke the moment. "Well... That happened."
"Leave them alone, Garth, we don't want to scare them away before they even spend the night." Dean said as he entered the room from the kitchen, a low growl in his voice that had a hint of some possessiveness Gabriel recognized and just knew it wasn't meant for him. He huffed an amused laugh, but forgot all about it as Dean started placing plates upon plates of food in front of them. Scrambled eggs, cheese omelets, two whole plates of bacon, pancakes, waffles, French toast, croissants, then a few boxes of cereal if there was someone who prefer those (who in their right mind would next to all the yummy warm food?), bread, peanut butter, jelly, marmalade, milk, yogurt, fruit yogurt, fresh fruit, oh god Gabriel's mouth is watering he was pretty sure he was drooling by the time Dean has finished setting all up on the table.
He felt pretty proud of himself, and somewhat glad he wouldn't have to read one more sentence of Becky's kitsch. Until two hours later when he realized he didn't have a job anymore.
It was Friday and Dean was getting a little antsy. He finished reading
"It's not like that. He is just this guy who was kind enough..."
“If I wanted to sweet-talk you, I would offer to blow you, just to take the edge off.” He said with a wiggle of his brows, hoping to convey the humor of it, but he froze when Cas’ eyes went wide and his eyes hardened into a very serious expression as he just stared into Dean. Fuck, he screwed up again, didn’t he?
Immediately Castiel swung the door back open, finding Dean on the other side, hands on his face, fingers holding his nose that was bleeding profusely. "Oh my God, Dean, I am so sorry." Castiel ushered to help, to do anything, to fix this somehow, but Dean raised one hand and stopped him in his tracks, the action like a knife in his chest.
He felt just how hungry he was, hungry for a soft touch, for a soft kiss. How much he needed to connect to someone, to curl up next to them and finally take a moment to rest from the troubles of a hard life. And something in Castiel just broke.
Dean on his part tried to breath through the overwhelming rage he felt, trying to calm down and finally replied through clenched teeth. "No, I am not his guardian. His brother is. And he is at work."
found someone, someone he didn't even know his heart was looking for, and then... He didn't even leave, no, he was taken from him. Taken away against his will and...
He would always bite down on his lip and close his eyes at this part, and as much as it seemed like a sensuous part of the act, it was always his reaction to the Cain and Abel part and it was always a way to remind him of why he was doing this. And just as the chorus started, Dean threw his hands wide open, his head falling backwards, and it gave the impression that he was giving himself up to anyone who would want him.
"This alright?"
When Castiel woke up an hour later, his knot already out of the omega, he was so apologetic and sincerely concerned about Dean, especially when he saw him hiss and walk awkwardly. He offered to help in any way he could, to carry the omega, to fetch him food or water, he even offered to bathe him. It all sounded very tempting, but it went against Dean's inner nature so he had to decline. Still, when the omega suggested a short shower, Castiel eagerly agreed, then did his best to clean Dean himself. And Dean let him. To ease the alpha's worry. Solely that, no other reason at all.
Castiel lifted himself up a bit, never breaking that dizzying kiss and Dean followed, immediately realizing that Castiel wanted for them to reposition, lie properly on the bed. The moment his head hit the pillow, Castiel was moving on top of him, and he gasped not just at the feeling of a warm body covering him like a blanket, but the feel of Castiel's erection slotting next his. He didn't know when he closed his eyes, but when he managed to peel them open he saw Castiel's careful expression monitoring him.
He excused himself, his words cut off, his voice showing he was upset and he turned to leave when Charlie's sad voice made him pause. "I'm sorry, Dean."
Castiel knelt back by the bed again, leaning his upper body on it while his eyes fell upon Dean once again. Even hurt and purple, he was beautiful, but the bruises still hurt Castiel, he felt as if they were his fault. At least once Dean woke up, he could tell him that the Cardinal had taken his last breath and that he was burning in hell. He would not be able to touch Dean ever again. He would not be able to harm Dean ever again. Nobody ever would.
Dean said and paused, Castiel speechless just watching him with a stunned expression, but a small smile tugging at his lips. Dean took a deep breath and spoke up again.
"Hey Benny bear." Charlie piped out and Gabriel tried to conceal a laugh at the nickname, not wishing to offend the alpha. Surprisingly, Benny only smirked at Charlie in amusement before turned to the brothers and introduced himself, excusing his wife who couldn't be here as she had 'important things to attend to'. It did sound a bit strange as he said it, but Gabriel didn't really want to question it further. Next to Charlie there was an empty seat too, but Dean already said Dorothy was away on business. Still, it was strange to find himself sitting at a dinning table with two alphas he didn't really know. Society would tell him to be afraid, but Gabriel was not. These were just people, coming to greet and welcome him and his brother to the new household.
Finally, their lips met and both conveyed so much emotion to the other. Soon the kiss morphed from a loving chaste one, to something a lot more needier and Cas could feel the next wave hitting him like a hurricane. But he couldn't let anything happen here, it was too cold and too uncomfortable.
"Stop fighting me, you bitch, or I will have to stretch you over my cock instead of my fingers." Alistair spoke into his ear, and Dean heard it as a distant echo, his mind too blurry from the hit. He tried to fight more, but his hands felt numb, his whole body weak from the force of the hit. He gasped when the fingers returned, only this time instead of scissoring, they began to dry pound into him forcefully, all three of them, thicker then Alistair's dick.
"I... I'll be fine." Dean said looking down, feeling ashamed. But it wasn't like this was the first time something like this happened even if it was a first that someone stepped in and saved him. "I just need... To clean up and to..." He wanted to lay down and just curl into a ball, but he couldn't tell Benny that.
"Hello, Sam." Cas responded with a nod the added "I am glad to see you getting better."
"And you..." Looking at the man, his bright blue tired eyes and his age wrinkles, Dean couldn't help but wonder... What was Balth getting out of all this? Out of all this hard work and his sacrifice?
Castiel startled awake, groaning as he lifted his head off the couch's armrest where he must have fallen asleep. He had spent the whole day yesterday looking through job offers and reconsidering going back to Crowley. The man was a slimebag, but a paycheck was a paycheck.
Castiel broke off, leaned back in and pressed his lips against Dean's, feeling the exact moment the man gasped and hoping it was of the good kind.
He always had hands, lips, breasts and cocks touching him first, he never reached to touch unless he was specifically told to, unless the person was expecting him to do it. But with Mr. Novak... He had no idea what was expected of him. And that scared him more.
Maybe this wouldn't be just for himself. Maybe this would be for Castiel too. To help him step away from that edge of not knowing how to act around Dean. The more Dean thought about it, the more he remembered moments where Castiel wanted to touch him or lean in and kiss him, but seemed to change his mind at the last second and pull away. It must have been a torment for him. Dean has to put a stop to it. But how?
the second part just kept writing itself longer and… well… more than I intended. And
"No, I liked it... I'm just... Stuffed." He said with a smile, pushing a cut piece ariund the plate.
Castiel was indeed surprised by Dean's insinuation, but didn't want to question it for now. The fact was that Dean wanted him to put an arm around him and it felt so good to be able, to be allowed to do it. Why question a good thing, right? When his arm went around Dean, it felt good, but then a few minutes later Dean almost snuggled to his chest and that - felt amazing.
"I... I used to work, or I still do, kind of, for... For Crossroads Publications Inc. and I..."
"At least I am not some stuck-up wannabe princess who doesn't even know what a salad fork is." Dean said, surprising everyone with his retort as nobody expected him to have one. Well, nobody except his brother, probably. In his defense, Lady Rubette didn't mistake a salad fork for dinner fork,she was using it to eat pudding.
"Dean? Dean, please, talk to me. Say something, Dean, please." Castiel pleaded, scared out of his mind.
Fuck this shit!
was something of the legends, a myth. It wasn't because nobody ever heard it. It is because those who were willing to acknowledge it, kept it as something precious, a part of their true mate that would forever certify the bond they shared.
"You could ask someone else, any one of them. Old Elkins could use..." Castiel tried, knowing well Elkins would never agree to that either, but Dean held his hand up and shook it to stop Castiel.
"Oh, really?" Castiel said, genuinely surprised, thought he still eyed the lord carefully as they walked together towards the dining hall.
"Y.. yes." Dean replied.
and that was it. There was never a moment when Castiel hated being socially awkward so much as this one. He feared he might say something wrong, ask a wrong question, and this was a stranger he was sharing his meal and couch with. This was a man he knew nothing about. Images of Dean running after him with a knife came to mind before Castiel shook them away. Luckily he remembered to turn on the TV, so that provided enough of a distraction, even if it was a cheesy soap opera.
"Okay, calm down, I am sure we can..."
"Pie? Cake?"
It was a nice dream, with Dean saving him and holding him, but then it became a bit suffocating. Castiel found himself unable to breathe properly, and the more air he took, the more his lungs burnt. He startled awake, his nostrils filled with the smell of burnt wood and plastic. The room was enveloped in darkness, and when he tried to turn on his lamp, it wasn't working. He staggered to the wall and tried the ceiling light, and the room did turn a tad bit brighter, only enough to see the outline of the furniture. None of it mattered, because as soon as he neared the door, he could feel the intense heat on the other side.
"Shhh, it's okay. I... I understand. How... How about this... How about I tell you if something doesn't feel good. If something you do hurts? I tell you and then you try and stop."
"If..." he cleared his dry throat before he tried once more. "If that's what
Safe.
"...Dean..." There was a warm hand on his shoulder, slowly nudging him. "...Dean..." The voice so deep and arousing, whispering in his ear. "...Dean..."
Just gone.
He cried out as her belt whipped and even when he tried to get away, she was somehow too strong and managed to keep him over her lap, scolding him with each slap. But when she let him get up and took his cheeks into her hands forcing him to look at her, his tears awoke the mother in her, and she held him close to her boosoms, shushing him and rocking back and forth for a good half an hour.
The world around them didn't exist, all that there was, was the sweet copery taste of blood in Dean's mouth and a shaking, scared alpha he was pressing against the wall. Instinctively, Dean licked the wound clean making the alpha shudder underneath him, a small terrified whine escaping him.
Dean could feel the alpha shake in his embrace, so he tried really hard to pull himself together and help Cas understand what exactly happened here. He loosened his hold and the alpha raised his blue eyes filled with devastation to meet Dean's.
"... severe fractures of rib cage... broken bones... bruises, scrapes, cuts... spinal injuries... swelling in his throat from constant... severe tearing of the anus, stitches... scull fractures, brain swelling... surgery to remove... beer bottle in the rectal canal..."
"Nobody gets out that fast. Something's up, Meg." Dean said, making it sound like he was trying to warn her. She just pff-ed at him and ignored him. "You really should stay away from him, Meg. I mean it." He said seriously, but kindly and Castiel caught something strange in Meg's eyes as she looked back at Dean. She didn't respond, she didn't say or do anything aside from finishing her last nite and leaving the table. Balthazar gave Dean an approving nod, probably agreeing with his statement, so when Dean glanced his way, Castiel offered a small smile.
Castiel kept cursing around the bathroom. He hasn't really been 'home' for the past few days, only in and out, and in the process, his entire routine was messed up. Since he had 'no room service' policy, he changed the towels and sheets himself, or rather Dean did in the past few days and Castiel hasn't even noticed it. He remember he ran out of shampoo and discarded the empty bottle in the sink and he is positive he didn't throw it in the trash, which meant Dean did. He could only hope that Dean saw there were more shampoos in the bathroom cabinet and that he didn't actually go out and bought him a new one.
With those thoughts, Dean rounded the corner on his way back to to the club, running into someone and stumbling back. His eyes went wide and he sucked in a breath seeing those pale eyes smirking back at him, a nasal voice of his previous sponsor making his skin crawl. "Well, hello Dean."
He was not ready for that.
much having those big, strong alpha hands roaming and caressing his entire body, spreading the shower crème all over. Some parts tickled and Dean giggled, making the big, strong alpha laugh, and some parts were... Well, let's just say Castiel's touches easily turned from ticklish to erotic and Dean could feel the arousal creeping up on him again.
"I got here just after 5, after my shift. Nurse Meg Masers was here, making sure no other nurses bothered you and after I introduced myself, she showed me Sam's charts and all the drugs that were administered. And you were right, Castiel. At the beginning, Sam was indeed in a comatose state for about a year and a half, but after that he slowly started to wake. As far as I gathered, his next of kin - that would be Azazel Gold - was notified and he must have made a deal of sorts with doctor Helbreder, probably to make regular payments to keep Sam down under. " Tony explained.
(See the end of the chapter for
"The article he did before, about the homeless, and the last one, about me and our shelter brought enough attention to make people act. We received a lot of donations and offers, the city even donated the vacant building and some big shots poured money into rebuilding it so that they could look good in front of it. But the bottom line is that the people get a more comfortable place to stay, running water and warmth for this upcoming winter, so we don't really care why they did it." Balth said looking over at both of them with a wide, pleased smile.
"What..." The omega swallowed the dryness in his mouth and tried again. "What happened?"
And Dean took whatever he could. Because a life depended on it.
"I won't go. I won't leave you."
"I like Chester's books. Especially
"No... No. He... He wants to have breakfast." Dean muttered to himself. And when he thought about it for a moment, he realized that, if he didn't count what happened two nights ago, Mr. No... Castiel wanted nothing more but his company. The dinner, the movie... And now breakfast.
"Huh?" Dean's curious eyes snapped onto Castiel's as he vocalized his confusion.
"I wouldn't know about that," Lord Samuel said after the laughter toned down "but, if I have, there is only one I am hoping to get to keep." He reached into his inner pocket and pulled out a small picture of a lovely little girl with light blue eyes, curly blond hair and full lips stretched into a wide smile.
Dean watched astounded as Castiel's knees came up next to his waist and as Cas lifted himself up, took Dean's cock in his hand and lubed it well before placing it right in front of his hole. The head of Dean's cock pushed against the rim as Castiel started his descend and then engulfed Dean in his warmth, instantly sinking all the way down, bottoming out, groaning and throwing his head back.
"Dude... I really don't have to do that... " Dean said, looking torn, but at the same time hopeful.
Here it is, the chapter with most of the answers to your burning questions...
"You know why." Was all he replied. The fact was, he was still spreading the smell of a rejected omega, and there was a pretty good chance Castiel would react to it, either by nature or by his nurture, meaning that he would either be drawn to ease Dean's ache or think he is obliged to, because in the eyes of the society, Dean owned him now. But if Dean let it be, then there was a chance the mark would fade, and it would be like it never happened.
And Dean did look. And saw Castiel quietly looking out of the window, some sadness seeping out of his posture. And he was so happy today when they were out in the square and he was astounded by everything and held Dean's hand as he ushered them from one attraction to the other. He held Dean's hand. He held his hand.
"If you would stop harassing me and my resident, maybe I would offer you a cup of coffee, but as it is, no warrant, no "probable cause", no nothing. So you can fuck off." Dean said crossing his arms, while the others just stood in their spots, watching the exchange. Ketch smirked and glanced Sam's way.
What kind of a sick person wants to be raped?
: "Hey, have you heard from Cas today? I wanted to ask him something, bit he isn't answering his texts."
A voice in the back of his mind kept whispering '
"How... How do you want me?" Truth was, he had no idea how this would work and if he would push too hard or too fast and hurt Castiel, but the man wiped any fear with the position he offered, instantly making Dean shiver from the thrill at his words.
He did manage to balance on that ledge when the alpha swallowed him to the base, he lasted when the alpha bobbed his head, gliding his tongue on his way down to add friction, and licked and teased the head on his way up. But he completely lost it, when, unnoticed, Castiel's hand sneaked its way to Dean's ass, to his little pucker and his finger breached it, immediately curling to reach that sweet spot. Dean writhed and shook as his orgasm tore out of him and wailed as Castiel kept stimulating his prostate, two, then three fingers deep.
It wasn’t enough that Dean knew Castiel wouldn’t hurt him, that he wasn’t prince James; Castiel still had to earn his trust.
Third thing he noticed, and with an amusement too, was that the 'furnace' on top of him was actually a body. A very solid, muscular and quite heavy body. He must have fallen asleep snuggling next to Dean and somehow they ended up horizontal. The 'fan' was actually Dean himself, breathing down his neck and making goosebumps rise on his skin, and making him feel... Good.
But Castiel had learned that as much as his omega liked when he took things slow and showered him in attention, that there was a reason Dean wanted to present.
The built up was slow, but so powerful, Dean's orgasm crept up on him, and he let out a long moan as he came, completely untouched, white spots appearing in his vision. He clenched around Castiel's body and around his still hard dick, the alpha slowing his movements as he let Dean ride that high, his lips never parting the omega's neck. When and only when he felt Dean calm down, he resumed his pace and even picked up his speed a little more, his knot swelling and catching on Dean's rim.
With that though, Gabriel's eyes sought out Sam again, wanting, needed to see the big bad alpha take his omega dick like a good little boy and oh! sweet Jesus Christ, when the fuck did Gabriel move from impaling the alpha on his dick to face fucking him? God bless Paul Revere and his Midnight Ride because, fucking hell, the British are coming!
Castiel really should tell him that it is ok, and that he wanted Dean to touch him too and to kiss him. He really should tell him that it is ok to say what he wants and that Castiel would respect any boundaries Dean might want to set. He really should repeat that he won't repeat his behavior from last night, ordering Dean around and doing what he wants without asking Dean first if he is ok with that.
Azazel thought he was so smart, making this perfect pitch and selling it to Dean. But he didn't know what exactly went on between him and Castiel, and he didn't know why Castiel was paying, and he didn't know that this was the kind of a thing he would do just to make sure Azazel was all settled with his money while Castiel got to just spend time with Dean. He was too happy, if the grin on his face wasn't indication enough, the guilt drowned and washed up dead on the shore and Dean nodded vigorously.
Dean came in his room and stared down at the bottle in his hands. Azazel had no idea they didn't actually have sex. Should he have told him? Why didn't Castiel? No, Azazel would loose it if he knew. So much so he might... No... No... He might order... Tell Dean not to go see him. No... No... Dean couldn't... No, that... That shouldn't happen, that can't happen. He can't... He can't stop seeing Castiel, he just can't.
But when Castiel realized Dean actually came, he orgasmed just by... Oh, fuck. That thought sent another wave of pleasure thought him, and he grabbed Dean's ass, pulling him incredibly close and making Dean groan in his ear, moving him just a bit up and pressing against his still hard cock and "Oh, God!"
"You... You want to keep me?" The alpha asked, so shyly and with such hope, Dean felt his heart split in half.
"I... I want to enjoy them too." The moment it came out of his mouth he cringed, because that did not come out right. Not wanting to dwell on it more, focusing on the momentum of their actions, he reached, took a gummy bear and put it in his own mouth, biting down on its belly, leaving its red legs to dangle right outside his mouth.
It was all so vivid in his mind. The slow, tender brush of Castiel's lips over his, they were so soft and careful, not moving much, but letting Dean take the lead, letting Dean set his own pace and do what he wanted. How he wanted it. And fuck, did Dean want it. He wanted it all, to feel, to taste, to excite... And it freaking scared the bejesus out of him, but he wouldn't let the fear paralyze him, not yet.
This time, Dean (accidentally) smeared a bit over his cheek too. Castiel kissed it all off, and licked his lips as he pulled away. Dean huffed a smile, but his eyes were... Different, pupils dilated a bit, and the thin green ring around the irises was just a bit more vibrant. Castiel watched him bring the bottle up and to Castiel's mouth, like he was offering him a drink, but before he could decide whether he wanted to take it, the liquid dripped, falling on the side of Castiel's face and over his jawline, and started to ooze down his neck.
It was just after noon when Castiel woke up in a strange bed. It took him a moment to figure out where he was and why and as the reality came crashing down upon him, Castiel buried his head in the soft pillow, wishing it was all just a bad dream.
He could feel Castiel eagerly returning the kiss, letting Dean do what he wanted, surprised by his enthusiastic movements, but finding them extremely arousing especially when those hands found their way in Castiel's pants and grabbed his ass, squeezing tight and making Castiel's mind fog over. Next thing he knew, Dean was yanking his sweats down and his cock didn't even get to feel the dash of fresh air before Dean drew him closer, kissing him like his life depended on it and falling down, pulling Castiel on top of him.
"Ok, how about I show you how to do it. How to ask, huh?" Dean looked at him, paused a moment and then nodded. "Good. Dean, would you like to come closer and cuddle with me?" To that, Dean's eyes went wide for a moment, probably because the question was so blunt, but then his eyes fell closed and he laughed, shaking his head slightly.
"I just... I just need a small loan so that I could take out a new ID and access my bank account." Mr. Crowley blinked at him a few times, probably trying to understand what was going on.
"I want... I want to straddle your hips and sink down on you. I want to ride you."
"I am... I am not sure..." Castiel started and saw Dean pull away and he just... He had to stop him, he had to... He had to make a move, even if he promised he wouldn't. "I am... Not sure. I might..." And he leaned just a tad bit closer, slowly so Dean would have plenty of time to back away. "I might have to take a closer look..." He squinted his eyes, shifting them from Dean's greens to the man's lips.
"... you hear me, Castiel? Take these and go to my apartment, take a shower, eat something and rest. Alfie is there, he'll help you find some clothes that might fit. Go..."
"Lay on the bed, on your back and close your eyes!" Castiel ordered, his voice allowing no bullshit, deep and grave, furious and cold. "Actually, take that sleeping eye-mask and put it on!"
were just some of many, but the ones that surprised him the most were the only ones Michael spoke, his voice booming in the silence "It has to be his decision."
Cas deserved so much. He was kind and giving, and caring and so amazing. He treated everyone the same, smiled at everyone and really tried his best. The world needed more people like that. As if Cas sensed his thoughts, he stirred on his sleep, sliding a bit lower, off Dean's chest and to his stomach, nuzzling in it and humming with content.
The table was empty with that white note on it, and the night was young; he still had two more dances to perform, after Kevin and Adam are done with theirs. Those two were still young, a lot more flexible, but completely broken after a week of working for Azazel. They had no idea what they were getting themselves into, not that Dean didn't try and warn them. They just thought he saw them as a threat.
"And now you sound British." Gabriel huffed a laugh as he passed on clean empty bowls and spoons to the people in the line.
"You... You know the author?" Cas asked pleasantly surprised and excited and Dean nodded, his smile toning down, his face getting a slightly serious tone.
"Fuck!"
It didn't make sense, none of it did. Not the way Dean acted, not the way Castiel felt about him the first moment he saw him, not even those soldier guys. They wanted to take him, but why, he had done nothing wrong? At least he didn't think he did.
The filthiest moan escaped Cas as Dean wrapped his lips around the tip of his glistering cock, sucking in the bead of precome that was at the top. He had done this a few times before, and the taste was no different, but Dean enjoyed the reactions he got rather than the act itself. One could even say he got off on getting someone off, letting someone enjoy him and his wicked (their words, not his) tongue. Cas shook and panted above him, gasping every time Dean would lift his gaze and looked at him through his lashes, knowing he painted a good picture. The altered between working with his tongue to bobbing his head, while his hands kneaded Cas' thighs, learning what he enjoyed the most and working his way towards it.
At the end of the long day, feeling tired and drained, Castiel said goodbye to his new entourage as the musketeers were given new quarters near his, then walked towards his own room, eager to lose the mask of prince James. He followed the instructions Gabriel gave him as to where his quarters were located and nodded to a guard by his door Gabriel said was named Benjamin, a big, tough alpha, sworn to protect the crown prince with his life. Castiel contemplated, and not for the first time, about how his life was about to change, not necessarily for the better, when he walked into his room and was immediately hit by the strong scent of cherry blossom.
It was all his fault.
"My mother died in a fire. And I... I stood there, outside, holding my six-month old brother in my arms as dad tried to get back inside and pull her out and I..."
"Oh. You aren't kidding, he really is a shy one. But I won't hold it against him." Charlie replied with a kind smile, lifted her hand up to her face and tucked her hair behind her ear, purposely exposing her 'alpha' mark. Gabriel blinked in surprise, it was so rare to see a female alpha, and one so perky too. Still there was a certain look in her eyes that said she had been through a lot and he found himself wishing to know more. To get to know her. To be friends.
While his chapter is in a chronological order, it covers sixteen years of Dean's life - the most... memorable moments.
"Gartholomew. But you can call me Garth. Good night, Your Highness." Odd alpha, indeed. Castiel hadn't given him much thought even as Garth introduced himself to Benjamin and immediately shortened his name to Benny. Instead, Castiel put the big water jug and the fruit basket on the table, then poured the water into a small cup.
His heart was pounding in his chest so hard, he thought it might make a jump from it when he opened the door. He froze in place when there was no big white limo there, instead an old, but shiny metallic Toyota Corolla. Sharp pain spread through his heart as if someone plunged the knife thought it as he moved his eyes away from the car and at the man leaning against it. He was wearing jeans and a simple blue T-shirt, a leather jacket swung over his shoulder.
"Dean."
"Come on. Lemme show you something." He said and motioned with his hand for Castiel to follow. Right around the block of Dean's building, there were half a dozen sets of garage doors and Dean walked to the closest one, unlocking it and letting the door roll up. Castiel gasped at the sight.
"Uh-huh..." was what Castiel said before he completely overtook Dean's personal space, pushed his body flush against Dean's and started planting small tingling kisses on his neck. Dean closed his eyes and threw his head back, exposing his neck and just breathing in and out, letting pleasure overtake him. He didn't know why, was it a voice in his head, or the gooey feeling in his pants that made him speak up and break their little make out session.
"Um... Maybe..." He started, but startled when Dean turned to look at him. He had to clear his throat before he continued. "Maybe we could put the cans in one box and when it is full, take it to the kitchen?" He offered, and it sounded kind of stupid to him. Because that was basically Dean's idea from before, but that idea was for the supplies that were excess, not of the stuff that needed to be distributed around the shelter, like cans in the kitchen and blankets in the closet.
Cas thanked him and hurried off, while Dean finished putting the dishes away and clearing out whatever was left, so that they had a clean kitchen to work in for dinner. But right now, he had something else he needed to focus on. Frank.
"Dean... No. I... I couldn't." Castiel replied.
"I think I might be in love with you..." Gabriel slurred and passed out, Sam's strong arms holding him from falling into his own mess. The alpha threw the soiled sheet and pillow, then gently lowered the omega down, and coming down too, spooning him. He caressed this body for hours as Gabriel softly snored in his embrace.
Finally, the coffee was ready and Castiel poured it into his mug, inhaling deeply as he brought it close to his face. He was just about to take a sip when his phone rang, startling him so much, that he spilled it all over his hand, hissing as it burned. Yeah, that's gonna leave a mark. Shit. He set the mug down and turned on the faucet, setting his hurting hand under the cool water, taking his phone with the other. He just barely glanced at it when it stopped ringing. The display said 'Missed call - F. Crowley'.
Castiel gulped but came closer once more, reached and brushed his thumb over Dean lower lip, slowly and softly. Dean once more closed his eyes, and Castiel felt like he was relishing in his touch. And best of all, Dean's lips were so soft and a bit puffy and damnit, he just wanted to...
He turned to the side, his bare thighs coming more into view and he could almost hear Mr. Novak suck in a breath at his movements, so he decided to tease just a bit more. He moved to the bed and seductively ran his hand up the bed's pole, at the same time testing it's strength. Seeing that it might be able to hold him for a moment or so, he moved closer and in front of it, his back still turned to his client.
Giving Dean a green light, he didn't quite expect to get another kiss, but Dean joined their lips together once more, still wary and uncertain as ever with his approach, but the kiss felt just a bit more confident, and to Castiel, that was actually really sexy. He gasped when he felt Dean's hand on him again, on his hips and Dean pulled away, his eyes fearful and searching. All it took way a one sided huffed smile from Castiel to tell him to go on and he did, slowly building up to that confidence as the slow kissing continued.
That was until a soft knock came. Mechanically, Castiel stood up and walked to the door, opening it to find a very strange looking alpha on the other side with a wide smile on his face.
"You were smiling a second ago, clearly enjoying the pizza and then your face went all dark and you started frowning. Was it something I said or did?" Dean asked, looking worried again. Castiel hated it and loved it all at the same time. Hated to see Dean thinking he had to walk on eggshells around him, but loved that he cared enough to want to do it, if necessary.
"Is there a chance I could get the money in cash? The reason I need it in the first place it to gain access to my bank account."
. "See, I got a client interested in buying a bit more off your time, dances included. And honestly, it would bring a more steady income than what you made on stage, so... I would like to agree to that, especially considering it would set up the payments for little Sammy for a substantial amount of time. What do you think, kid? Wanna quit dancing and hang out with this client for a while?"
"Hey, hey, no, no, no… I didn't tell you this so that you'd feel guilty over something you had no control over. No matter what, you could not have prevented it, okay?" Dean closed any space that was between them, his hands reaching to grab Castiel's, to give as much comfort as he could. The omega should not be the one offering consolidation. Castiel was trying hard to find the words to show he was still remorseful about what happened, but Dean wouldn't allow it, he simply kept talking.
Alright, the candles had to go, they were too much. Maybe he could swap this candle stand for a simpler one and set just one candle, that would be... Castiel shouted in surprise when his trenchcoat caught the flame of the candles and he quickly withdrew, shaking his hand and finally taking a glass of water and dousing the flames. He ended up laughing at himself, being too busy thinking about this diner that he forgot to take off his coat. He folded it and threw it on the chair away from their diner set up and went to take his suit jacket off too, but stopped, thinking it might be... Too inappropriate. But leaving it on would be too formal and he didn't want to look formal... Ok, maybe he could just take off the tie and unbutton... No, no unbuttoning the shirt. That might give out the wrong idea. Yeah, ok, leave the jacket, loose the tie, choke on the collar. Good.
"Of course, don't sweat it. I am glad I could be here for you." Dean replied, his breath silently hitching when those vibrant blue eyes rose up to meet his. They were so big and sad and Dean's heart ached at the sight. "Look, I... I want you to understand something. I am really happy that you are staying, and I want you to stay even after your leg heals. I... I care about you, alright? I care about you a lot, and I ant you to be safe and healthy and I want to help, any way that I can. You just gotta let me. Tell me what you need, and I'll do my best to make it happen."
Dean bent over, wiggling his ass in the air before turning around and in one swift motion removed the yellow trousers. This was his favorite costume. Not just because it was a good material that didn't rip easily, but also because he always wanted to be a fireman.
"Dean, was that..."
"Why... Why didn't you wake me? How long have you been here? Did you get a chance to..." His anger dissipated into eagerness to deal with the situation at hand.
Dean's brows were furrowed slightly in consideration of what was being said, but otherwise his expression was blank, like he was still processing what that all meant.
Until the pizza came. That child-like happiness that was written over his face when Castiel told him they could eat in the TV room, so that they could keep watching the movie was worth more then anything Castiel indulged himself with ever before. No rented company, no expensive trinkets, no exclusive parties could ever compare to seeing Dean this excited and grateful over a simple thing like that.
"You should tell Castiel about him. I know he would want to help. He clearly cares about you, Dean." Even if every fiber of his being was screaming NO, Dean knew Nick was right and that Castiel deserved to know the truth about his past.
And just as the rose brushed against his trembling lips he heard Castiel's voice "You have such amazing pink, pushy and soft lips... Lips that call out to be kissed, gently and tenderly..."
The kiss was so hot, so needy, so passionate and hungry; it left him breathless and woozy, and then he felt Dean's other hand undoing his belt and reaching down and... He groaned into the kiss when Dean's hand made contact with his painfully hard cock, but the second Dean's fingers curled around it, Castiel's eyes snapped open. He managed to lean away, and peel himself off of Dean and put some distance between them.
Should Dean be concerned about it?
"Yeah... A friend." He confirmed, sounding a bit sad. Or defeated. But then his expression changed into something Dean couldn't quite recognize and he quickly added "I mean... I would still... You know... Pay for that..."
The blond kid, Alfie was there, and without thinking straight, Dean grabbed him by his security uniform and pulled him into the elevator, pushing the ground floor button and stepping out at the same time just as the elevator doors closed. The kid stood eyes wide and frozen, surprised and probably scared shitless, but he'll live.
"I will. Soon." Dean replied quietly and if felt strange how that decision made him feel just a little lighter and the air a little more breathable.
"I want this." Dean immediately assured continuing his path and just before he captured that second nipple between his lips and sucked on it, he added. "I want to cover you in chocolate and then lick it all off, inch by inch, trace every patch of skin until I reach... That hard piece of candy."
"You... You would be willing to do that?"
"No, no, Sammy. That... That wasn't your fault, they kept you drugged, they..." Dean cried along with him, ignoring his lifted hand and came over to embrace him. Sam hugged him back and they remained like that for quite a while before Sam patted him on the back.
Testing the water, Gabriel slowly moved Sam's head forward, then made it slip back, allowing it to slide over his length and, wow!, did that feel good. Speeding up his rhythm, Gabriel started to chase that high, impaling the alpha's willing mouth and throat on his spearing erection. He threw his head back again and let his eyes fall closed, intensifying ever sensation that washed over him.
"D... Dean... ooh..." Castiel's shaky voice brought him back and he glanced down upon the throbbing cock that he was making slide in and out of the tunnel that his hand has made, feeling his heart rate increase along with his breathing. He upped the pace and watched with delight as Castiel started to squirm a bit under him, and he looked so... Beautiful.
Castiel's inner alpha roared, pressing Dean closer as he flipped them and then in one smooth motion, sunk into that sweet omega heat. Both of them moaned loudly, Dean wrapping his legs around the alpha to keep him there, and Castiel leaned his head on his shoulder, catching his breath.
Gabriel remembered waking up and feeling a warm body next to his, he remembered the feeling of content and euphoria and going back to sleep, not even bothering to find out how long he was out. When he woke up the next time, there was an empty spot next to him, the sheets felt cold and itchy against his skin. Sadness washed over him at the thought that the alpha left him, but he quickly shut that down, trying to think rationally. The alpha couldn't spent every moment with him, he wasn't his alpha, and even if he was, the guy still had to use the bathroom and eat and not just watch Gabriel sleep right? Right?
"I get it." Dean said. And he thought he did. The guy was lonely. Probably with all the money he had, he never had true friends, not that Dean would know what those were, but still... He probably had leeches and bloodsuckers to deal with who were only interested in hanging out with him for his money.
"Good evening, Cas." The omega responded with a devilish smirk that showed a glimpse of his pearly whites. He was once again lying on his belly, on Castiel's bed, surrounded by complete darkness. That was, until Castiel entered and allowed the hallway lights to illuminate the bed.
"I call dibs on the soup?" Dean tried, phrasing it more like a question, perhaps to see if Castiel would allow it.
The omega wailed, heat building in his belly once again and when the alpha exploded inside him, knot pushing pass the rim and locking in, and Castiel's teeth grazed the omega's skin, Dean came again, this time shooting just a little cum between them. Cas panted hard, head buried in the crook of Dean's neck while Dean trembled in his embrace.
kind of psychedelic that leaves a reader with their eyes wide and their jaw dropped.
"Dean made lasagna." Sam countered and Gabriel grinned. It could be microwaved, which meant he could eat it within the next ten minutes.
He did that. He hurt Dean.
"You doing ok back there?"
"And not only did he find my siblings..." Balth said, and much to Dean's mortification, Balth gave him a peck on the cheek before continuing "... he helped someone else find love..." He finished, trailing off and nudging his head in Meg's and Lucas' direction. Dean turned to see them walking out of the shelter, side by side, Meg giving Lucas heart eyes, while the blond seemed to try and play it cool, and failing spectacularly, before he rolled his eyes, swung an arm around Meg's shoulder and pulled her into a brief kiss. They were adorable.
"Charlie. I'm sorry, I... - he sighed heavily before he continued - I have no excuse, I apologise."
He remembered wondering how Dean would have looked like shaven and with a haircut. Guess he knew that now.
Once he was done, he tapped Dean's hip to make him turn, only taking a moment to get lost in those jungle green eyes before pulling him flush against himself and capturing his lips in the most amazing kiss Dean has ever felt.
But now, the kiss was broken and so was the moment in a way, and while Dean's hand was still on Castiel's hip, unmoving, Dean's eyes watched Castiel with something soft and kind and goddamm, Castiel could just melt at that. And then, oh, my, fuck, Dean licked his lower lip and pulled it inside his mouth and seeing that it made Castiel's breath hitch in a good way, his thumb moved tenderly over Castiel's skin, eliciting a accidental hum from the man.
"Thanks, Benny."
“Maybe… We could try more slowly?”
There were silent gasps from all three of them, but Castiel ignored them, taking in a deep breath and lifting his head high as if the dim light in the room was the sun. A strange ache hollowed his chest for a moment and he took another shuddering breath, finally free of that heavy iron mask.
So hopeful and breathtaking, the look in those vibrant eyes gave him wings again, just like last night, and Castiel flew forward, cupping Dean's face with both his hands and crashing his lips against Dean's.
When he came back minutes later, with the a steaming mug in his hand, he found Cas still sitting in the bed, covered, looking sadly over his - really wet- belongings. "Come on. Lemme take those and wash them. Got your coffee."
Castiel finished his bun and picked up the first set of plates to take them out, glancing over at Meg who was still sulking outside, but at least talking to people. When she saw him, she rolled her eyes, but still came to help, saying she will set it all if Castiel brought everything out. When everything was set up, Dean came out with the pots of stew, while Balthazar and Castiel brought out the bread. Dinner was served with barely a bit of leftovers, and Balthazar assured them it would be okay if they finished it. After they cleaned up from the dinner, they gathered at the kitchen, Balthazar, Meg, Castiel and Dean and set around a small table to eat.
"Can you feel me well in this position?"
He still remembers how she saw him waitering the tables and asked if he was available. Much to Nick's protests Azazel agreed, and Nick took every moment that night to explain to Dean just what he would have to do. To Dean, loosing his virginity to a milf like Naomi was a dream come true. Until she spanked him for coming the minute she stuck her hands down his pants and grabbed his dick.
So it was a surprise to learn that he did give Cas the money. Dean wasn't eavesdropping again, he just happened to be right there next to Balth when Cas returned and told him about it. Even bigger surprise was that Crowley forgave Cas for apparently destroying his property (his laptop), and he was willing to pay for all the work Cas had done so far, and just a smidge more too. What was Crowley's angle here?
"You. All I need… All I want is you." He said, making Dean the happiest son  of a bitch alive to hear those words. He leaned in a captured Cas's lips again, cupping his cheek this time and brushing a tear that dared to roll down. They kissed, lips slotting and working together  perfectly for a few moments. And when Dean tried to pull away, Cas followed, reaching for him and deepening their kiss.
"Ash?"
Yup, definitely giving himself up for the taking. He could almost hear the man before him start to breath a bit more heavily and he couldn't help a small, barely noticeable smirk. He still had it.
"Yes, I think that would be wise." Castiel replied still staring at his hand, and it wasn't until Dean picked up the last box of cans to take to the kitchen that he snapped out of it. "I'll take the blankets and pillows to the closet." He did as he said, then came back for the last box filled with toiletries, only to find Dean picking it up. The man gave him another small smile before turning to put the box away. Castiel found himself easily returning the smile, something he wouldn't have done before and as much as that fact was confounding, it wasn't unpleasant at all.
Castiel held his breath as the door slowly creaked open and nearly passed out when he saw those way too familiar green eyes. Dean's face was filled with concern, but he was still smiling that soft, kind smile of his, looking down at Castiel like he... Like Castiel mattered... Like he was someone important. "Morning, sunshine."
"Yeah. As long as she isn't a Slytherin, we could totally be friends." Gabriel responded as he started picking up plates and Dean just shook his head, the smile on his face widening. They cleaned in silence for a while, Castiel helping out too and Dean throwing him thankful smiles every time the alpha would hand him a dirty dish or put something away. Once they were done, the dinning room and the kitchen spotless within a half an hour, Dean thanked them for all their help.
But no, no... Castiel knew well not to tread down that path again, not this time, not ever. With a ironic huff, he figured how at least now, he could tell Gabriel 'I told you so.'. The man was so adamant about Castiel opening up and letting someone see what was hidden inside, and Castiel proved to him, people can't be trusted with his fragile heart.
He was constantly drawn to Castiel, even more so now that the alpha was in rut, his scent strong and powerful, intoxicating even. It made Dean's mind go into overdrive, his inner omega struggling to get out, his body so eager and ready to accommodate. He has never orgasmed four times in less then twenty-four hours and here he is again - getting aroused for the fifth time.
There was a split second where his left hand lifted off the omega’s shoulder to travel to his face in order to help him drink the tea and Castiel was really surprised by Dean’s short displeased whine followed by a very deep relaxing sigh as Castiel’s fingers curled under his chin while his thumb sweeped right under his lower lip, pulling the skin to part them open. As he carefully poured some warm tea in his mouth, his thumb twitched to run across that lower lip, not to selfishly feel it, but to hopefully wipe that pale color and make them puffy and cherry red once again. If only it would be that easy. If only one simple touch could be enough to erase this sickness, to make Dean healthy and well again.
He should have started sooner or done it faster.
That night, when they finally got home, and funny how Cas never saw the penthouse as home until he found someone to share the space with, they were both smiling happily, looking back on a perfect day, but also filled with anticipation of a perfect evening. Because Dean said he would tell him what he wanted tonight. What Castiel didn't know is that Dean wanted to tell him everything, but driven by the constant arousal of the whole day, he would choose the physical intimacy first.
"Eloquent."
"Come on, Dee. Let's check out how Sammy's settling in and your room too, then we could introduce you to the rest of the place." Nick said as Dean reached the top, Castiel and Tony right behind him. Castiel showed him which button to push to release the latch and Nick swung his arm around Tony, pulling him in for a short, innocent kiss.
"I saw him that night I woke up. I know it was him, saw him from a far a few times, heard his voice. He was always so reluctant to enter the room, throwing you glances as if to ask if you would be ok for him to come in and introduce himself. But you were always busy looking at me to notice. So he never did." Sam said in a sad tone. Dean opened his mouth to say something in his or Castiel's defense, bit nothing actually came to mind. It was true, he was too focused on Sam and too scared of deepening what he had with Castiel that... Oh, God, he didn't push him away completely, right?
Dean's own mouth widened in a big, expectant smile when Castiel dropped the gummy piece lower on his chest and then asked "Can I have more?". There was no reluctance in Dean's eyes, there was no hesitance in his almost vigorous nod. This time when Castiel's lips made contact with Dean's skin, they lingered a moment longer, setting a hot, wet kiss that had Dean let out a small moan. Castiel looked at him again, slightly surprised, but also seemingly glad and then leaned back down to plant more thrilling kisses on his belly. The lower Castiel went, the more Dean altered between moans and whimpers, his head thrown back, and his eyes closed.
"Be mine?" Dean asked, a bit of confusion in his otherwise pleased tone of voice.
He searched the town, mostly the places they have been before and some places he thought Dean might go to, until he finally ended up knocking on Nick's door at midnight, nearly collapsing with exhaustion. The blond took him in, called Anthony who was on call at his hospital. Tony told him to make sure Castiel ate something that won't upset his stomach and to keep him hydrated and that he will be home as soon as he can. He also said he would reach out to his contacts in the state hospital and have them call him if they checked in a patient under Dean's description.
There were large stairs following the curved wall on the right and a small gallery part, the rest of the upstairs hidden by a mosaic wall.
"Ah, my boy! Good to see you..." The moment Dean entered the office, Azazel spoke up, his voice as nasal as ever, but what really freaked Dean out is that he actually got out of his chair, came close and almost hugged Dean. Thank God he decided to go for a pat on the shoulder, because Dean would have absolutely no idea how to react to that. "You... You kid, you never cease to amaze me, you know."
Half of the pie finished, and both of them stuffed, the two of them settled to watch the stars as they slowly started to light up in the evening sky. The omega was pressed against him as the alpha had his arm around Dean, breathing in his amazing scent. He could feel another wave slowly creeping up on him, so he knew he didn't have enough time.
"I... I'm sorry... I didn't mean to..." Dean tried, his eyes darting all over Cas' face, probably trying to map out any expression. They lingered just a few times too many on Cas' lips for it to be a coincidence, but as much as he wanted to kiss him, Cas also needed to see him.
He just forced himself on the alpha, forced a bond between them, treated the alpha as if he was a mere object to be owned. His chest ached, and he felt like he couldn't breathe properly. But it didn't matter, he didn't matter right now. All he wanted was a moment, a chance to explain himself to the alpha as the militia retreated, Ketch probably with a wide disgusting grin on his face.
"You... You are my home."
"Helping. Hopefully." Dean said as he took a deep breath and dipped the bed with his knee. Gabriel frowned at him then grunted as Dean actually sat on his ass.
"Sorry." Dean sympathized with a small comforting smile on his face. "You know, we are almost halfway through this, maybe we can call it a day and start fresh tomorrow?" He offered after Castiel went to run his hand over his face, then realized that hand touched the penis pump, making a disgusted face at his own hand.
Suddenly, Gabriel found himself wanting to draw him out into the light.
As the omega's brain finally registered that he wasn't alone in this place, and then reminded him that he shouldn't be here, that there might have been a reason the front door had a
Once again, Castiel was the lucky one to find something weird. "What is this?" He asked looking over a sort of a tube with a small hose attached to it and a little pump, like the one you would see when a nurse took your blood pressure.
"Nothing, I... I just..." Castiel whispered, his back turned to his brother. The pot boiled over, spilling some water in the frying pan and Cas quickly reached to remove it from the stove. He hissed as the pot burnt him, and dropped it, sending pasta and boiling water to slide across the floor.
Castiel glanced up at him, their eyes meeting for a moment, those clear water stream blues looking at him like they could see his dirty little fantasy. But then those blues glanced up a bit, Castiel's lips tugging into a shy smile as he bowed his head low, eyes falling to the ground. Dean beamed up at the attempt of a smile, when Gabriel killed all his joy.
When the morning came, Castiel woke up with a neck cramp, but to a room filled with a sweet smell of coffee, and when he looked over, he saw a his old coffee maker buzzing and a note next to it. Castiel got up and picked it up, smiling as he read it over.
"I need you, Dean, I need you. I need to feel you, I want… God, I want you. Badly." He said pressing his hands on Dean's cheeks and making their foreheads connect, the two of them breathing into each other's mouths as Cas whispered. "I want you to fuck me."
The rest of the day, Castiel spent in silence, his entire body rigid as Benny drove them around in what was definitely a futile effort now that they knew someone was smart enough to use a similar vehicle to grab Dean. They were smart and they wouldn't be found so easily, Benny knew that, but if his boss felt just a bit better with this pointless driving, then Benny was happy to oblige. Until Castiel jumped out of a moving car and charged the incoming traffic. Benny first thought his boss lost his mind, as he hit the brakes, but when he turned , he saw him stopping a grey Toyota and he was surprised and intrigued at the same time. He watched as Castiel dragged out a man, not much older then himself, his hair blond and straw like, as if he had a birds nest on top of it. In fact, Benny vaguely remembered seeing a guy like that at the club...
This was nice. This... Felt nice. Just kissing for a while, a few random soft, gentle touches... It was... Nice. Actually, when he thought about it, he couldn't remember when was the last time he just kissed and nothing else, he couldn't remember any kisses being this... Nice.
"Excellent. The old man died, apparently he had a heart disease he didn't even know about. Since there was no will and testament in case of his death, his assets all go to his adoptive sons. Now this is were things get interesting - apparently, sixteen years ago Mr. Gold adopted two boys, age sixteen and twelve, after a car crash took their father's life. Mother was already deceased. He took upon himself to take care of the older boy, and made arrangements for the state to pay hospital bills for the other since he was badly injured in the crash. And here is the bonus, since I knew where to look now, I was able to follow the cash that Azazel took out of the club to a doctor there, one Raphael Helbreder. My guess, he wasn't paying him to help the boy, you know... But I have no clue yet as to what it might be... Want me to find out?"
Wanting to get out as soon as possible, he washed himself quickly and stepped out, nearly falling on his ass as he slipped, but played it cool and dried his hair a bit with a towel, wrapping another one around his waist. Brushed his teeth and looked at himself in the mirror, as always asking himself how did the man staring back at him age so quickly.
Casti... Cas was already close to the edge, and he knew this wouldn't take long, but still, his hand trailed slowly down his stomach, his mind already replacing his hand with someone else's. Dean's maybe?
He nodded to an empty room.
I apologise  for the delay, but I was finishing up my Michael/Dean story The Quiet One, and the last chalter ended up 5 times longer then any other from that story. But at least this story is my main focus now. Enjoy the chapter.
Music to his ears, Dean took his consent, but didn't dive right in. Since his hands were in Cas' shoulders, he started there, rubbing up and down his arms soothingly as he kept kissing and teasing the man's neck, while Cas just kept trying to gain more friction anyway he could. Dean let his hands wander over Cas' chest a few times, always going back to the arms at first, before he let them trail down to his stomach. Cas moaned and whined with every new touch, his eyes closed and his head thrown back in ecstasy. Dean's fingers trailed under his shirt, making him gasp at the skin contact, but clearly eager for it, because he snapped, turned his head back towards Dean and kissed him hungrily. The more skin Dean found under his fingertips, the more frantic Cas' kisses were, tongue twirling around Dean's, roaming his mouth, exploring, and Dean, the little shit that he was, gave him a small preview of what's to come by sucking on his tongue and making the man groan and shake.
the notepad read and Castiel nodded.
They maneuvered around them and snuck down one floor, to Castiel's apartment. Felt like they broke a curfew and we're sneaking back into their room, hoping the parents won't know they borrowed the car. Or a chopper.
He should be happy that he escaped being Alistair's chew toy for the night, but hearing that Mr. Novak wanted HIM, all he could think about were the man's soft minty flavored lips on Dean's, his soft hands tracing over Dean's skin, those memorizing blue eyes focused on him, sending pleasant chills down Dean's spine. It was strange for Dean to feel like this, he never did, especially not for a man, but he was too lost in his fantasy to even notice he had a growing interest in a client. One can only hope his dreams don't come crashing down on him.
"It's taken care of, Castiel." Tony simply said.
"Aaalpha... Knot me! Ppplease... I need it, please..." He shouted out then cried out when Castiel started pistoling into him with this new found confidence. Few more slides later and the dam broke, causing a chain reaction. Castiel came with a loud growl, spilling all his precious alpha cum inside Dean, his know swelling and popping, tying them together and causing Dean's orgasm to explode for him, spilling the little he had on his stomach.
' to guilt him into it. He had hoped it would help Castiel, but so far, nothing had really changed. Cas would just come, serve the people with a smile and leave after it was done.
reached for his drink and took a sip.
"I... Iwn t c you strp." Dean whispered, and screwed his eyes shut for a moment, taking a deep breath. Before Cas could even ask what was it that he said, Dean repeated his words loud and clear. "I want to see you strip. For me. I want to lay here and watch you dance for me. And then I want you to lay beside me..." Dean said in one breath and it seemed like he wanted to say more, but he ran out of breath and was probably discouraged by the setback to have the bravery to say more right now.
"Oh, he will burn in Hell; I can assure you of that." Crowley said looking over Alistair with disgust in his eyes before he turned to Benny and squinted his eyes as if he was assessing him. He glanced at Dean "Will you be alright there, squirrel?" Dean always hated it when Crowley would call him squirrel, but the bartender persisted, telling him he would stop calling him that when Dean stops stealing his the nuts and the pretzels meant for customers.
“Nobody even knew I existed. Nobody in his company, none of his friends, not even the police. I packed what I had, took some cash he had lying around and I just… Took off.” Cas let out a heavy breath, a few more tears rolling down his cheek, but there was a smile on his face, a sort of relief and calm showing on his face.
It had a mirrored layout of his apartment, and felt warm and cozy. He was lead to the living room, offered coffee and the promised cookies (chocolate chip, his favourite by the way). There was a moment of awkward silence where the Lafitte family exchanged glances before Andrea spoke up.
"Ok, you rest now. Tony should be here later to talk to us about Sam and his progress, ok?" Castiel said and Dean nodded, but instead of laying down, he picked up the notepad and started writing. Castiel hung around for a moment, thinking Dean will show him what he wants to say, but a few minutes later, it became clear that whatever Dean was doing wasn't a brief note, but something longer and he sat down, picking up his phone and scrolling through Charlie's messages. She sent a few reports during the day about his entire business, but it was irrelevant really. He knew she could handle everything that needed to be taken care off.
That night he laid awake, unable to fall asleep, his inner omega wishing so hard to be held by those strong arms. At first it was the embrace and the sight of those magnificent blues and maybe even the taste of those pinkish lips. But the more he thought about him, the more he envisioned those strong hands roaming his body, squeezing and gripping his hips tight and holding Dean in place as...
"Oh, I… Well… No, I, um… No. I haven't." The Baron finally settled on an answer though his eyes that peeked at Lady Rubette told a different story.
"Hey Alpha. Man, you really crashed after that last wave, and I figured you need a proper meal. You really had me worried there." Dean spoke as he worked in the kitchen, his back turned to Cas, not having noticed the red going in his eyes, the heavy breaths and the predatory expression on his face. Still, the words reached Castiel and empowered him enough to reel in his inner alpha, settling him down with a few arguments.
"I would like... To give you... A proper massage... If you would like that... Please." Dean said stumbling over his words, feeling his cheeks burn bright red and hot.
But then Castiel wouldn't wake him again and the would cramp up on the two-seater and then Dean would feel guilty... No, they should sleep in a proper bed. Fall asleep like last night. That was nice. That memory would always put a Dean's face. Waking up, knowing that even if he left for work, Castiel still left a small kiss on his cheek.
"Come, take a seat." Dean took Castiel's hand and guided him towards the table. "Voila! Kielbasa with mashed potatoes and tomato salad." It was actually a tomato-cucumber-feta salad, but it was mouthwatering nevertheless. There was a peculiar smile on Dean's face as he set the cutlery and placed a napkin in Castiel's lap, but the alpha soon realized what it was, when Dean took the knife and fork, cut into the meat and lifted the utensil to Castiel's mouth. The king let out a chuckle, pausing for a moment to grasp if he really wanted Dean to feed him, before realizing it wasn't about what he wanted. It was about Dean and his desires.
He was to make himself more presentable, to make sure he kept this client that seemed to be willing to pay a lot for Dean. Not that Dean knew that. Azazel told him to do whatever is necessary to keep Mr. Novak happy and pleased and he shoved a bottle of those blue pills in Dean's hands and sent him to his room, yelling after him to use a butt plug until he is ready to leave.
"Cuff him." Ketch said all smug, and waved his taser club in front of Dean's nose, daring him to make a move. The other officers started to crowd the alpha, tasers in hands, and Dean could hear the pleading silent sobs Castiel whined out, his eyes wide and scared, darting from the men to their clubs as he curled into himself and slowly backed away into a wall. His fearful blue eyes looked back at Dean, hope that Dean could stop them slowly dying out in his eyes and Dean couldn't stand it.
"Dean..." The alpha panted, sounding breathless. "Omega... I need... Can I..."
"Didn't your parents teach you the difference between public and closed doors? Now, I understand having urges, I felt them with my Alfred, even more so when I was young and in love, but I knew better than to allow him to get all handsy on me. In public."
"Yeah, Cas, they were just accidents, you're not like him, God! You could never be like him, he enjoyed  hurting others, enjoyed feeling superior, but that was because  he wasn't. He was a pathetic little  man and you are so much greater and better than he was, you gotta know that." Dean said, figuring Cas drew all of this from his nightmare. He felt a little guilty that he didn't hear him, especially after he realized he hadn't left the door ajar like he always did.
For a few moments the room was completely silent aside from Castiel's panting. Dean froze once again, torn between the lack of that inner voice that would say how wrong it was of him to act upon his own desires and that amazing and arousing feeling that he elicited all those sounds from Castiel and made him come just with his hand.
"Good to see ya. You doing good?" He asked and Meg just shrugged at him.
They stayed like that for a while, kissing, their legs intertwined, their hands roaming the other's body, both getting drunk with the feeling of another so close and so willing. Castiel's lips parted, but didn't go far as the man continued to trail hot kisses over his jaw and then slowly down the neck. He could hear Dean's deep rugged breaths and could actually feel the goosebumps that started to crawl on Dean's skin and he knew Dean was really enjoying this. His lips traced lower, over Dean's chest and down to his nipple and he just brushed over it with his wet lower lip and then ghosted over it, letting his breath affect the hardness of the bud. Dean whimpered at that and Castiel glanced at him only to see his lips parted and even though his eyes were closed, it was still obvious how good he felt.
Or would he still try to shovel it all by himself?
When Castiel looked down on Dean, those vivid blue eyes so filled with adoration and amazement, something inside of Dean's chest swelled up. He gasped when the dark-haired man dropped to his knees, leveling himself with Dean, and kissed him without restraint. It was similar to his kisses from last night, filled with need and desire, free and undisputed, but a lot less sloppy. It seemed like Castiel would finally stop tiptoeing around him. The man broke the kiss and searched Dean's eyes for any itsy-bitsy sigh of discomfort, and when he found none, he glanced down at Dean's erection.
"That's just it, he said nothing. Usually he is here to give some ludicrous orders I never listen to, but he has been held up in his office all morning. Then he came in, looking for water. Water! Drank a litre, sweated like a bloody waterfall and then just upped and left like someone was chasing him."
"No, no... He didn't get to... He just... With fingers, he didn't get to... Benny came and pulled him off... I..." And that's when the tears started to flood. "I... I am so sorry. I should have fought him off, I should have... I should have told him... He was done, he wasn't a client anymore, not since you... He didn't have the right to... He didn't have the right to... Touch me... I... He didn't pay, so he didn't have the right... I am sorry, please... Don't... I..."
"I am sorry, I didn't mean... I am sorry. I am just... I'm tired." Castiel tried to explain, then seemed to deflate and turned to walk pass him brother heading out of the living room.
There was a flash of hurt from rejection in Dean's eyes, but only for a second before it was covered with determination and Dean stood up, and walked over to Castiel, his step firm and unwavering, his erection bobbing up with each step. But Castiel knew better than to trust that, having seen the little blue pills Dean carried around.
Dean had to figure out what.
"Heat? Subdued. I don't think it is over yet." Gabriel said, then paused and looked up at the alpha. Would Sam throw him out?
"I got some news."
But it could lead to something good, too? Right? At least for a little while?
Only this time, their bare chest touched and both could feel the other ones rapid heartbeat. Mr. Novak's hands were all over Dean again, but strangely contained to his upper body for now, occasionally brushing over his nipples. The kiss turned from something hungry to a bit more soft and lazy, but just a bit. It was still very much obvious Mr. Novak wanted him. Badly.
"Fuuuuck! Son of aaaahahhh..."
Dean blinked the tears that started to fill his eyes (where did they come from?) and huffed a nervous smile. "No, no, that's... That's ok... I'm sorry, I don't know what... Can we just... Can we just start over?" Castiel watched him warily, uncertain, but nodded anyway. "Thanks. I... I'll find us a good movie." He said and turned towards the TV room, but before he managed to run away from those worried eyes, Castiel called after him to wait, his voice unchanged and naturally deep stopping Dean dead in his tracks because of a simple command. He sucked a deep breath when he felt two large hands on his upper arms and allowed them to turn him around. Another breath hiccuped in his throat as Castiel pulled him in a firm, comforting hug, hooking his chin on Dean's shoulder and Dean tensed.
"Explain what? That you used me for your story? That you advertised to the whole world what I did? They... Meg, she... Why did you lie to me, Dean? Why didn't you tell me who you were?!" Castiel demanded, yelling, but feeling his voice crack after every spoken word. He could feel the tears bubbling up, and he could only hope Dean wouldn't see it and that he would be strong enough not to let them spill.
- his mind mocked him. Dean screwed his eyes shut, something heavy pressing down on his chest. He did not know the answer.
"Oh, please. It isn't like it matters. The point is the article was a success, it got the right kind of attention. The mayor already called twice, and the politicians are already fighting about who is going to donate more, or make a bigger shelter. So you see, one little guy, who we actually made into a hero of the story, just isn't that important." Naomi said and picked up her glasses, inching back towards her laptop, indicating that the conversation is over.
"So, what did you want to show me?" Dean asked and was that a blush? Castiel couldn't tell for sure. He motioned for the bed and why did he think Dean would understand and not jump to conclusions? "Your bed?" Dean asked and Castiel nodded as if it was clear as day what he was offering. Dean paused, as he glanced back at the bed and then looked up at Castiel, his face suddenly guarded and untrusting. "Look man... I think there was a misunderstanding here... I am glad you offered me food and a shower, but I don't... I didn't..." What was happening? Dean was getting riled up and also seemed on alert like Castiel would attack him over his words or something, so he tried to choose them carefully, but eventually ended blurting out what was on his mind.
"You're not one of the suits, right?" The kid asked and Dean cracked a smile. Surprise inspections and visits from a government officials was a common thing, but not really welcomed as they always seemed to find something lacking and they never knew what might happen to make them shut the place down.
Second thing ne noticed, when he finally remembered to open his eyes, was the dim light coming from the TV were it was stuck on the overview page of the the R.E.D. movie, and utter darkness everywhere else. He must be on the couch.
"Or course, won't be a problem."
He swayed his hips to the music, dropping the heavy jacket of his shoulders. His eyes roamed the crowd as his hands came up his stomach all the way to his oiled up chest. His expression remained blank, mysterious even when he spotted him - the most vile man Dean has ever met.
Warning : Minor spoilers for Thor:Ragnarok
Castiel shifted just a bit, unintentionally, his cock moving inside Dean making the omega moan again. He stilled and waited for Dean to open his eyes and look at him before he spoke.
"If only there was someone here with that key... If only there was someone here that could help... Someone that would give you the key in exchange for... A favor. Something to relieve the stress of the job. A little... Quid pro quo."
"I know... I know you were blaming yourself this entire time, but it wasn't your fault, Dean. Dad never should have let you go up on the freeway and I know the truck driver was drunk, fell asleep on the wheel. I heard it, multiple times. It wasn't your fault." Sam repeated those words, probably hoping they would stick.
Dean pointed to the left and Castiel pushed his bed though the left corridor. They ran into a few nurses and attendings that gave them an odd look, but otherwise didn't try and stop them, even that redhead nurse that seemed surprised, but still shot them a small kind smile. Others just looked away and passed them by. They all knew who Mr. Novak was and they knew his 'friend' was in the hospital and they have heard rumors about what happened to his 'friend's' attackers, so everyone just thought best to stay out of their way.
There was a nod followed by a silent whimper when Castiel's hand stroked him once more. His other hand came to trace the muscles on his chest, and to caress as he continued with his slow pace, growing more and more aroused with each little moan Dean released. Loving the sounds and the look on Dean's face, gradually he started moving faster, the other hand brushing over Dean's nipple and eliciting such a dirty little sound from Dean that powered Castiel's own erection.
"Howdy." Gabriel said with a smile, truly intrigued by the redhead, while Castiel only nodded and went back to looking to the ground.
"But... But you're not... You're not..."
"Not today, not when you might not be thinking straight and could be driven by your heat and my scent. Not until I prove I will be whatever you need me to be. Not today, not like this. But one day soon... I will make you mine."
"What?" He asked, not sure he heard the elder alpha well.
Dean smiled shyly. "Good morning, Castiel."
Ok, so this turned out waaaay cheesier then I wanted/planned... but what the heck.
"Caaas... Oh, fuck, Cas... Feels so... Oh, Jesus... There. There, right there, oh, God, please..."
"Where what?"
And then the pieces fell into place and it finally clicked that Castiel was in fact holding back because of what happened to Dean and how Dean acted after that, and Dean felt guilty at first and then frustrated with himself. He needed to show Castiel that it was ok, that he really was okay, and that he wanted every touch he could give him, every brush of his tender lips. But how? How could he come out of his shell and ask for something for himself. How could he dare to?
"How about I promise that, if you tell me, tell me what you would like, I promise we will do it. Tonight. Whatever it is. Anything... Anything at all." He could hear Dean's breath hitch, but he knew he hit the mark when Dean's eyes widened and he visibly shivered in excitement, his lips curving into a semi smile.
The trust that was given to an alpha in such a plea was one of the greatest gifts of all. The voice called upon the alpha to emerge, to protect and please, to make his omega complete.
I just wanted to say,there will be no mpreg in this story. If I choose  to do it, it will be in a separate timestamp.
Still, Dean seems to relax to the sound of his voice and gripped his hand tight and Castiel forced himself to smile at him and hide away the guilt he felt. Dean kept his gaze on him as if he feared Castiel would just disappear if he closed his eyes and the dark haired man felt a necessity to assure him.
"Oh, yeah, that's... That's fine." Dean said grabbing a hand crème that stood discarded on a nightstand and turned back to Castiel. The man laid as he said, on his stomach, his hands up above his head and his face turned away. Dean felt like the air was punched out of him. Without the shirt, every muscle on Castiel's body was clearly visible, in perfect formation under that slightly tan skin of his back, each inch amazing from the rustled black hair down his neck, all the way down to...Oh, God, the curve of his lower back that continued to the man's firm ass... What was he thinking?
It was after that first week that Castiel noticed a small redhead nurse glance their way a few times too many, but just as he was about to react, the doctors came bearing news. Apparently they thought Dean was stable and well enough to be awaken for the first time. Castiel's first response was to call for a second opinion, but once Tony got there, he agreed with the hospital's doctor.
Fighting the urge to enter that door, Dean stood outside in the hallway for a good few minutes, his instincts screaming at him to go, to move. Dean didn't know what to do. Fortunately, or unfortunately, a loud cry decided for him.
Oh, right. Dean didn't know.
Dean couldn't fall asleep deep into the night. His mind kept going back to that kiss, those soft lips, that taste of mint mixed with chocolate...Oughhh... Damn. That was... Mind blowing. His heart wouldn't stop racing, his palms wouldn't stop sweating and trembling. And it was so damn nice and so damn overwhelming... God! Dean turned in his bed for the umpteenth time, he kept tossing and turning, because every time he closed his eyes, there would be this phantom feeling lingering on his lips making them prickle and then he would open his eyes and find... Noting there. Damn!
"Heard it in a movie." Cas replied as he slowly started pulling his shirt over his head, swaying his hips left and right and making his stomach move a bit too. The collar of the shirt went over his head, messing up his hair completely and making it stand out in each and every direction and Dean just kept his wide smile, watching the Castiel's every move.
His slick mixed with the alpha's saliva and he could feel it start to run down his crack, over his balls and down his thighs, but Dean was too high on arousal to care about that right now. Cas was eating him up like a man starved, moaning his approval and constantly coming back for seconds. But the suddenly he paused and Dean caught his breath, his mind clearing just enough to question what was happening.
"You okay?" Dean asked, even if he knew the answer.
“It was you… It was you even then…” Cas said and lifted the papers he was holding. Dean’s heart nearly stopped when he made the connection. Zachariah Adler, the Head CEO and the abuser of the employees of Sandover, he was with Cas, he and… Dean tried to take more deep breaths, feeling a stabbing sensation in his chest, something cutting off his air supply. Zachariah, the most vile man Dean had ever met in his life, the man that tried to blackmail Dean into keeping his job (fake job) by making him provide sexual favours was with Cas at the time? Half a dozen women sued him for sexual abuse and rape after the artcile came out, but Dean was certain there were a few men that were just too embarrassed to step forward. And Cas, he was…
"Can we watch a movie here tonight?" Cas asked.
"You didn't follow me here, did you?"
"Of course, sir. Anything else?" The voice spoke back politely, and it encouraged Dean a bit.
"Fu... Fuck yeah!" Dean blurted, still a bit too tense to move. Castiel started slowly rocking back and forth, and Dean just watched him, mouth open, panting and nearly crying. Castiel was just... Too tight. Too tight and warm around him and every time he would move, Dean's cock would move inside of him, the sensation so unbelievable and amazing. And then... Then, oh, my God, then Castiel rose up a bit and sunk back down and arched his back and Dean was choking, unable to breathe, his mind going haywire from the feeling of Castiel sliding up and down on him.
"Hello." Jack piped out with a smile.
"I... I'm a little claustrophobic." He finally uttered and Dean - Dean himself had to reach and lift his chin, and force Cas to look at him like the roles were reversed. Dean's expression was so filled with understanding and there was not an ounce of tease, no pity, no mock in them that a big, strong, powerful man such as Castiel Novak was afraid of a little tight space and some darkness.
Castiel sat in his office breathing. Just breathing. An hour ago he barely managed to negotiate a plea bargain over yet another mess Adler made. Ever since Novak Industries took over Shurley Pharmaceuticals, Zachariah Adler was demoted from the CEO position to Logistics Manager, but without a paycheck change.
Suddenly, the branch snapped somewhere in front of him, lowering him a bit, but it didn’t break off, still held together by those vines. Not that Dean immediately noticed what happened, because a very heavy, and very hard body slammed into him, propelled forward by gravity.
"Jack! Have you found him?" A voice hissed, trying to be quiet and yell at the same time. Another man, a beta, appeared from the same direction, quite short, but with golden locks that made his face look much softer and kinder. His attire was similar to the boys, not only in style and color, but in size as well.
"Crossroads Publications Inc." Castiel replied, and hated how cut off his answers were. Why couldn't he talk like a normal person? Why couldn't he be a bit more talkative, a bit more... interesting?
It was about a week after Cas told him about Zachariah, a Thursday, and the day started off as any other. They met up in the kitchen, Cas already brewing the coffee and Dean threw him a thankful smile when he reached in the fridge to grab some ham and make some sandwiches for breakfast. He didn’t see Cas standing there, waiting to hand Dean his mug and turned, bumping into him. The hot liquid splashed all over Dean’s undershirt, the mug dropping down to the ground and breaking into million pieces. Cas gasped at the same time Dean hissed at the burn, his chest already turning red. He quickly discarded the shirt with the hot coffee on it to minimize the damage and in the process took a wrong step, his foot dropping on the mug shards and imbedding into this sock. He cursed up a storm, but stopped short when he saw Cas on his knees, collecting the shards with shaky hands.
"Ok, we should get going. Gabriel should be up and about after his shift at the Roadhouse and we have just enough time to go see him." Dean said and got up and headed for the door, dragging Cas along when Sam's words made him pause.
Of course Sam would know something's up, he always had that intuition and the ability to just see right through a person, especially his own brother. Dean sighed and ran his hand over his face. He could play dumb, he could lie and say he had a fight at work or whatever and Sam would leave it at that, he knew Dean wouldn't want to talk about it, he might say what happened, but he wouldn't say how and why it affected him. Dean was far better at bottling his emotions then expressing them, always was.
Castiel was no master chief, his movements didn't have any culinary grace to them, and it was especially funny to watch him cook while basking in the warmth and the fluffiness of a bathrobe Dean gave him (or maybe it was Dean's scent he was enjoying?), but he still managed to make the perfect Egg-in-a-Hole. He placed a slice in front of Dean and watched with anticipation for Dean to cut into it, and see if he made it just right, if the yolk wasn't overcooked. A wide grin spread across his face as the yolk oozed out and he lifted his head and said to Dean "You slayed my toast."
"It's, um... It's getting late and chilly, I should probably get you back in bed. Maybe we could watch a movie?" Dean offered, his mind still thinking about Cas.
"Dddean, oh, Dean..." Castiel moaned his name as he parted his lips once more, this gradual escalation so intense, his orgasm crept up on him so fast, his head was spinning. It only then occured to him, that even if Dean was actually enjoying this, he needed to take care of him too and while keeping up with the slow and steady thrusts, his hand gipped Dean's hip, then slowly started to move closer to his achingly throbbing cock. He only managed to reach the base, his fingers brushing his V line when he heard Dean's breath hitch and fuck if those emeralds didn't shine as they made contact with Castiel's eyes, so filled with amazement and hell, was that love?!
"I am not sure I should..." He finally replied.
"No, Dean, that's..."
"Charlie lives in this apartment with her omega mate - Dorothy, but Dory is away a lot, for work..." Dean said as they went past their door, then nodded in the direction of the opposite door. "Over there are Benny and Andrea. He's an alpha, and Andrea is a beta and they are mated too." Dean explained. Gabriel was a bit confused by this run-down, but decided to just nod and not comment. The fact that there were so many alphas and omegas here, and that they were mated... Honestly he didn't know what to think.
"Could we... Could we go see the guys at the shelter?" He asked with a slight stutter. There. He proved it. They didn't have to go to Dean's work, they could go where he wanted, right?
"You know... You don't have to stay and go through the boxes, if you have something planned, or you know... Whatever..." Dean said snapping Castiel out of his thoughts and it took him a moment to figure out what Dean was saying.
dance anymore? Not that he couldn't, shouldn't, wouldn't, but
Dean went to his room and changed into a seemingly plain jeans, plain black T-shirt, but then he added a flannel shirt and a leather jacket, topping it with boots. He went on the stage and by the time his favorite lyrics kicked in, he had already removed the jacket, the flannel shirt and seemingly ripped his jeans off, even thought everyone knew they were made to be removed in such a manner.
As he stood there in the line, Castiel contemplated about how he should manage it. Thanks to Balthazar and his shelter, he had a place to sleep and eat, but he couldn't and shouldn't rely on that. What he should do is see if there was any way he could rent another apartment, get another laptop from Mr. Crowley and go back to work.
"Hey, it's okay. We all had our bad days." Dean replied and Castiel just smiled and nodded, both continuing with their meal. Moments flew by in pleasant silence, Castiel enjoying the pizza very much, when Dean felt the need to talk again. "You want a beer with that?"
Castiel was completely lost when Dean's hand sneakily slipped into his pants and if it wasn't for some other visitors of the Great Fortress, he is sure that Dean would have either jerked him off or blown him and that alone made him want to try and face his fears again the next time. Dean giggled as they fled before a group of visitor and God! how good it felt to hear him so carefree and happy.
"Looks really good." He said sheepishly and could see amusement floating in Dean's eyes, making him blush.
Dean ended up going to the shelter, but only greeted Cas just like he greeted everyone else and set off to work, to help where he was needed, which turned out to be the kitchen. Cas was working in the big hall, arranging up the tables and preparing everything for the noon meal. They spend the rest of the day helping around, cleaning and distributing supplies, then assisting with the afternoon meal too, and Dean hung close, just in case, but away enough to give Cas some space. As the evening approached and they began the final clean up, Dean began to wonder if he should linger and accompany Cas back to their (His? Their? ) apartment or should he just go by himself and hope Cas would come? Maybe he could just find Cas and tell him he is heading home and just leave it there, an open invitation?
Each time, Dean could feel something inside Gabriel give a little, and on the final push, he felt what could only be described as swelling. Gabriel's pants turned into moans, and Dean made a disgusted face, paused a bit longer in the position then before. He gulped down, closed his eyes with a grimace, wishing he did not have to do this. Taking a deep breath, Dean focused, pressed down just a bit harder and then... Snapped his hips forward, jolting Gabriel's ass.
He felt something shift, and he slowly came to, his neck screaming at him. It took him a moment to remember where he was and why he was sleeping in such a terrible position. Opening his eyes, Dean saw Cas' bright blue eyes staring at him and he froze, his hand sliding off the man's back. He felt a wave of panic crash though him and he knew he needed to explain and hope Cas would understand. "Sorry, I'm sorry." He rushed to say. "You had some really intense nightmare and when I came to wake you, you clung onto me and wouldn't let go and I..."
But it wasn't about him, it wasn't supposed to be about him. If it wasn't about him, then he could accept Dean being there, because he was doing good work. He wasn't doing this for Castiel.
"Absolutely." Castiel confirmed and Dean looked down on him, those gorgeous blue eyes watching him with so much emotion and so much love, Dean felt like he could melt at the sight. He swallowed hard and still keeping his focus on Castiel's vibrant blue eyes, Dean slowly trailed his already lubed fingers around the base of the man's cock, passing down under his balls and to his hole.
Balthazar, the head of the national kitchen, was walking by, eye rolling Meg, then throwing Castiel a concerned look before he saw Dean, then shook his head with a deep sigh. Meg... She was showing Castiel something, the newspapers? That bitch must have said something, Dean knew her well by now.
Now Dean just felt stupid. "Yeah, sure." He said dryly and hung up. What the fuck is he thinking? This isn't where he should be, this isn't where he belonged. At best, he should be that guy he talked on the phone, a service guy, and not play pretend to belong in the penthouse of the most expensive hotel in town.
"What did you find out?! What is the lead?"
*Compte de l'enfer (French) - Earl of Hell
“You are a good alpha, Cas. My alpha. And when my heat hits in a few days from now, I know you’ll take care of me then too.” Cas sucked in a breath, his eyes widening at the notion that Dean would want to spend his heat with him. Dean couldn’t resist anymore, he pushed up and reached to kiss his alpha, humming in delight as his knot tugged slightly at his rim.
"Um, no, thank you. I don't drink alcohol." Castiel said and Dean's brows raised. He actually thought Dean would mock him, or try and persuade him that beer isn't really alcohol, that one bottle wouldn't hurt. (Except it did, it hurt a lot, Castiel still remembered). But Dean had a different response.
"What's up, Balth?" He asked as both he and Cas walked up to him, standing in front of a big movers truck. Balthazar was looking over some papers, a bunch of them, his eyes slightly widened and a very suprised look on his face.
"We have an appointment with the landlord, a Mr. Winchester."
"You do know you're supposed to yawn first and then wrap an arm around me and not the other way around?" Dean asked, careful but teasing, and it made Castiel laugh.
Those lips huffed another gentle smile before lowering just a tiny bit and placing the softest kiss right under his ear. He sucked in a shuddering breath, completely falling apart. One hand resumed its movement on his chest in a soothing manner, while those lips parted his skin only to come back an inch lower.
"Like it isn't obvious. You parade that cute little ass around here, and just happen to run across Dean,
(See the end of the chapter for
And Dean unbuttoned his vomit-yellow polo shirt, lifted it up, took it off and dumped it on the floor. He unbuttoned his jeans, hooked his fingers on them and pulled them down, then straightened up and stepped out of them. He bend and pulled off his briefs, tossing them on top of his shirt and jeans.
“Yes, your Majesty. Everything is regular. Aside from you and the Cardinal, nobody has even been around.” Elias said and Castiel stopped dead in his tracks, immediately paling.
Their kiss broke and Dean buried his head in the crook of Castiel's neck as the water of the shower still kept spraying all over them. Dean's hands tightened even more, as if he was afraid to let him go, and Castiel felt so damn good, he didn't even know it could feel like this. To have someone to hold you and to be there with you. To have someone support you, even if was only physically this time. Maybe, there is a small chance this could grow beyond that?
He had been too busy thinking about it all, he cooked practically on autopilot, but still, his chicken curry on rice came out as if a five star restaurant made it (alright, four star). Cas came back just in time for the servings and Dean's thoughts were back on him, slight concern flaring inside of his at the sight of sadness, tiredness and defeat in Cas's eyes. Something was happening there, Dean was sure, but he couldn't just ask and he really didn't want to poke around. It wasn't his place, not yet.
Feeling a bit overwhelmed, and seriously lightheaded, combined with the lack of sleep, Castiel pushed himself to push away. He closed his eyes and just breathed for a moment, then snapped them open only to find a hint of worry in Dean's eyes. No, no, that wasn't right. Castiel felt great, amazing, better then he had felt... Ever. No need to worry.
"I..." He tried, not really sure what to tell Gabriel, but Gabriel cut him off.
"Yeah." Dean replied with a baffled expression. "Who would have expected that?"
"Dean?!"
Castiel came to, but didn’t open his eyes yet. Instead, he let out a groan, feeling his vessel’s muscles ache, especially in his left leg. His hand flew to his head, slid into his hair all the way to the big bump in the back. He hissed when his fingers brushed against it, and for a moment he wondered why his grace hadn’t healed it. As soon as he thought it, his grace swirled up, categorized his injuries and healed the head bump, a few scraped on his hands and wrists and his dislocated ankle before going dormant again. When he tried to access it, he found that he couldn’t, as if it was cloaked by something… Something that suspiciously looked like vines. And maybe rose thorns?
"Cool. So, I'm just gonna..." Dean said and pointed to the couch with both his thumbs to which Castiel nodded, then got to work reheating everything. Dean sat down, setting his rucksack next to the couch and then tested it for comfort by bouncing off of it once. He hummed appreciatively then started looking around. Odd silence filled the room. It was a bit awkward, but not as much as Castiel would have imagined. He was never good at making small talk, and even if he was, what could he ask? Somehow it all seemed to private, especially for a man in this situation. How do you ask someone why they are homeless?
"You trying to win Cas over? Fastest way to a man's heart through his stomach bid? I thought you were better then that, Dean." Sam teased and Dean actually stuck his tongue out to him, making Castiel laugh.
"I was on the fifth floor helping out the main nurse when I saw Dean. And then you... And I have been trying to find a way to approach you and tell you... It doesn't matter anymore. You're here and you will help him, right? Right?" There was so much hope in her eyes, and fear that maybe Sam was beyond saving. Castiel couldn't tell her that it will all turn out alright and that he will help wake Sam, but he could tell her he will give his damnest to make it happen. For Dean. And for her.
"I don't know, can you?" Castiel shot out, surprising the shit out of himself for being so bold, instantly going wide-eyed and pale. But Dean laughed and all his fears and discomfort just washed away with that sound.
Dean huffed another smile, barely tearing his eyes away from the alpha and turned to focus on the other brother. There was a pinch of guilt in his expression, he hoped he hadn't offended the other omega, but Gabriel seemed strangely confused and pleased at the same time, so Dean was sure he hadn't fucked up. He smiled and motioned for the house - inviting them to enter.
"I really enjoyed that too." Dean spoke up, with a genuine smile and for a moment Castiel thought the man never got such a (weak) praise that he actually took it so close to heart. It stung that Dean was happy to take how little was offered, one kind word and hold it in the palm of his hand like it was the most precious thing. It hurt that nobody showed this man enough kindness that he deserved.
"Yes. Yes, sir. I have a hard copy on my laptop and I can..."
"Race you to the shower..."
No, no, no way he was going to do that. No way. Dean has had a few partners along the years, but nobody would ever... It just wasn't done, okay? Not to an omega. Never to an omega. And certainly not by a newly awoken alpha. They were proud creatures and in the peek of their rut, they would seek out pleasure, not bestow it.
The back of Castiel's hand brushed over Dean's balls and his thumb pressed and slid just within the leg's juncture and Dean's breathing picked up, and still there was nothing but anticipation in Dean's eyes as his fingers traveled closer to his hole, circling, teasing.
"Don't  ever be sorry for needing and wanting comfort, not from me. I care so much about  you, Cas, and it makes me so happy that you let me help you through moments like this. I would do anything  for you. All you gotta do is tell me what you need." Cas seemed to be in awe of him, his eyes wide and so happy, his smile small, but knky because Cas obviously  wanted to say something, but didn't know what. "Just tell me what you need, Cas, and it's  yours."
(See the end of the chapter for
Joy exploded in Dean's chest at the sight of that smile and the sound of those words and he wanted nothing more then to come up to the man and hug him tight, but held back, not wishing to make him uncomfortable. He was thrilled to be getting this much, it was far more then what he hoped for.
And as the song played Dean slowly moved to the center of the room, swaying his hips just a bit. He came to a stop by the bed, lifting his arms and crossing them over his abdomen, his hands slowly reaching under his shirt. His hips started swaying a bit more as his hands slowly moved around his waist, his fingers tracing on his skin.
Mr. Novak pressed play and then he looked up at Dean. And as Dean stood there in front of a large screen, he wondered what the hell it all was. The night before was hot and steamy and then something happened and all of a sudden he was... having dinner with him and now... a movie night?
Dean smiled widely too, looking at them. "They do look god together."
He was just about to hang up when he had an idea, and spoke into the phone again.
"Chief..." He tried to reach him, bit Castiel was ready to tear open some sculls, and Benny wasn't sure if he could even reach him.
"Oh, Suicide Squad! That one looks good." He almost shouted, seeing a picture of Harley Quinn seductively licking her lip, her make up all smeared, her double ponytail twirled and blending into a pink-blue background. He just loves her craziness.
"I am so sorry, Castiel. Tell me what can I do to help?" Balthazar offered and the things that Castiel hadn't even considered came crashing down on him. He had no clothes. He had no money. He had nothing.
"I do. Not because of what your family might say or what the court might think… Because of me. Because I need that reassurance. Please don't think…" Castiel's hand reached forth and took Dean's, squeezing it lightly, both to give and to receive comfort.
"It's ok, Dean you're in a hospital, you're safe." Castiel comforted, not understanding why Dean would react like this to being in a hospital. From the machines and the whole look of the room it was clear they were in a hospital, so why would Dean...
"It's... It's my editor. She is pushing me into coming up with something soon, but I... I am just drawing a blank... I... I dunno..." Dean said with another sigh, running his hand over his face. Maybe Balth didn't care about his life and his small troubles, but Dean wanted to be open about it all, so that there was no room for misinterpretation.
I want to give a special thanks to some of my readers and little helpers with this story. Secretwrittenword, From_My_Dark_And_Twisted_Mind and vrskaandrea - you guys have been amazing! Thank you so much for letting me bounce ideas off of you and for your guidance in this story.
"Yeah?" Dean said/asked curiously.
"I'm sorry, I'm  so sorry…" Cas whispered, finally  leaning into his remembrance, bringing his forehead to rest on Dean's shoulder.
"No... You want to go, so we will go. I gotta face my fears sometimes, right?"
Oh, God! If he didn't feel like crap before, he certainly does now...
After the meal was finished and all the dishes washed as Cas insisted he helped with those, the alpha went back to Dean's room to get dressed, so that they could have dessert up on the roof, as Dean promised.
Too consumed with thinking what he should wear, what he and Castiel might do tonight, allowing himself to get just a tad excited, he missed the silent screech of the doors of his room and the footsteps that tapped on the floor.
"Dean. If you don't want me to stay I won't, especially not in your bed. But I would feel better if you would let me stay in a spare bedroom, because you're not 100 percent yet and Sam might wake or you might need something and..um I would feel better if I knew there was someone here with you... It... It doesn't even have to be me, I could ask Benny to..." Dean didn't hear the rest of it, too struck with the amount of worry and care in Castiel's voice.
"Is it someone you like?" Dean asked with a small smile and Alfie blushed like crazy, looking unbelievably adorable.
go take a shower and
! Was what was crossing Castiel's mind as he rounded the table and embraced a very shaking Dean. Castiel didn't know what was worse, that the man physically assaulted Dean, or that Dean... That he thought that he had no right to do it because he wasn't paying to do so. Which would imply that if he
Life just kept throwing him curve balls. He thought he was happy with Daphne and he thought she was the one for him, but that turned out to be a lie. She knew about him, about how he was, and she accepted it, or at least Castiel though she did. But then she went and cheated on him and acted like it didn't happen. When he confronted her, she humiliated him before all of their friends, screaming about how she felt she wasn't enough for him, because she didn't have a dick he could suck.
" Dean shouted in Sam's direction, like he was pissed he completely went over Castiel and straight to his brother, but the alpha ignored him completely, staring up at Gabriel's hazel eyes. "It is a stupid old custom anyway. It's not like Gabriel is going to decline and then fight you to death, Sam!"
"No need to apologize, you like what you like, and that is quite alright with me." Castiel replied sitting down and finally looking straight into Dean. He must have seen Dean was confused and maybe a bit uncomfortable, and Dean didn't know why, but it saddened him just a bit to see that smile disappear of Mr. No... Castiel's face. He watched the man take a deep breath and stare into his eyes and fear flooded him once again as Castiel's face turned serious before he spoke.
“Yeah…” Dean heard himself say, suddenly breathless. He had no idea if Cas meant right now, or in general, or to him, or to him right now… Cas blushed furiously and dropped his gaze and Dean just waited, frozen with his mug in his hand. He wanted to offer again, for real, but he didn’t want to seem too forward and damnit, why was this so difficult? Why did he have to second guess his every move, his every word?
"Cas... Cas, please... Alpha..." Dean whined, his hands reaching and trying to pull the alpha up and on top of him. Cas went willingly, entranced by the scent and the feel of his omega, the sounds he was making, the needy touches and those captivating green eyes.
"Only if you're sure." The man said and Castiel nodded.
They ended up spending the evening watching one show after another, laughing and commenting. More then once Castiel glanced at Dean, sneaking a look at his plush lips, thinking how easily Dean could have been an actor in one of those shows and how all the fangirls would easily fall for him.
"Yeah, I knew that." Dean replied, trying to sound defensive a bit. He wasn't an idiot, he knew what Mr. No... Castiel meant, he just... Made a mistake.
"Dean, I... I'm so s..." He tried, his voice cracking at every syllable, his eyes rapidly filling with tears.
Please don't  hate me.
, but it wasn't happening, and Dean wondered if he got it wrong. Having never been on a date for real, he didn't know for sure.
"No. I made a mess and I... I have to clean it up." Dean said and Castiel had no idea how he could seem so apologetic and determined at the same time.
"What?"
But there was something a little too deafening by all this silence, and Dean didn't like it. He picked up his pace a bit and hurried to his room, running in and letting a breath of relief. He didn't notice that the door didn't shut the whole way, nor did he notice the shadow that blocked the hallway light for a split second.
It was a Wednesday, a normally slow day, so Azazel told him he is off the hook for the show tonight, which was a bit of a relief, because he didn't think that he could force himself to perform. He went and checked on Adam, who seemed to be a bit better if his snarky attitude was anything to go by, but there was that moment when the two shared a look of understanding before Adam grumbled at him to leave him be.
"Cas..." Dean's words stopped him dead in his tracks just as he turned around to leave. He took a deep breath and dared to glance back at those big greens. "I just... I am sorry."
Twenty four hours for that many words was a lot, Dean knew that.
"Dean? How do you feel? I am so sorry... They..." Castiel tried but Dean shook his head, reaching forward to put his hand over Castiel's mouth. His hand then slipped and fell directly into Castiel's. He squeezed it for a moment and then pulled it, non-verbally telling the man he wanted him to sit down. His first words were slurred, but he cleared his throat and forced himself to talk, not letting Castiel interrupt him.
Dean took another moment to take it all in, breath and relax. Considering that he just woke up and his whole life was turned up side down, Dean seemed to be taking this well. He seemed so focused on Sam and the fact that he is happy, genially happy to learn that Sam might wake up, and that fact alone left all others in the shadows. Castiel could see just how much this meant to Dean, he could see the tears forming in his eyes, he could see some of that heavy burden disappear and let Dean breathe just a bit more easier.
"There. All done. You still sure you want to read it?"
When Dean returned to the room half an hour later (because he couldn't stand to pace around anymore), he had to huff a smile at Cas' baffled expression. He was carrying some clean, folded clothes and on top of it - a roll of stretch wrap.
"Well, since you said please..." Dean said and removed the cock ring, while simultaneously shoving the dildo as far as it could go, turning it to the max. A loud scream tore away from Castiel as he ejaculated, the sound and sight fueling Dean's arousal and he pulled that small dildo out of the way and shoved his heavy, throbbing cock in its place, taking only a few hard, animalistic thrusts and coming inside of Cas, feeling the man's second orgasm constricting his tight hole around Dean's cock and screaming his head off with an extremely loud:
"I'm here Dean. You're safe. You are safe. They... They can't get to you, not anymore, not ever, ok? I'm here and I'm never leaving, you're safe... You're... Safe..." He couldn't help the tears that started to prickle in his eyes as he spoke, nor the huffed laugh that escaped his lips as Dean reassuringly squeezed his hand.
"I... I'll be okay."
There was a wide, enthusiastic grin on Dean's face when he opened the door the next day. That and something black on his forehead, oil, grease? Gabriel was standing there, some small luggage in hand, and frowned at Dean's excited face.
"The one in the same." Benny replied.
"Promise me you'll try. With Cas or whoever, promise me you'll do something for you." There was a heavy plea in his voice and a part of Dean knew that it was laced with guilt, one he did not want his brother to have to bear. He knew that he was right, that he should have more in his life beside taking care of him. He was told that so many times before, but it kind of seemed different when his brother said it.
