“I just want to talk, Tony.” Steve offered, his blue eyes sad enough that the part of Tony that had vowed to never let that happen constricted with guilt that he was the one putting it there.
“It got my ass to do things that were not sleeping in bed, yes,” Tony said, his heart pounding as he went over that sentence in his head and cursing himself when he confirmed with himself that yes, that was definitely flirting and therefore off-limits.
Tony had been a friend to Bruce at a time when even his own team was afraid of him and his ability to lose control at any given time in a space they all shared. He’d invited Bruce to make himself at home in his own workshop, and eventually, Bruce had been able to let down his guard enough that they had even started to work on individual projects together. It had been the start of a great friendship, and Bruce often found himself unable to remember the last time he let his guard down around another person.
Tony cuddles into him with a pout. “But I’ll bring out all my best moves just for you, and you won’t regret it for a second, promise.”
Bruce knows that Tony can be a handful at times, and that some of his teammates had found it difficult to work with a man who simply did not know how to ‘team’. But Tony always strived to do his best, even on his own, and especially for those he cared about, and Bruce would always be grateful to him for that.
Steve looks really happy to hear this. He puts his crayon down and picks up Tony’s hand, suddenly looking shy. “You’re really cool, Tony. Do you wanna be friends?”
“I’m insulted that you have to ask, babe,” comes Tony’s reply over the sounds of the Imperial March playing out on the TV.
Sighing, he smooths out the creases in the stained piece of paper, and lays it out in front of him, starting to read with his pointer finger following each hastily scrawled word.
“Do, do you know what time it is?” Tony asks him quietly, his thumb picking at the skin around his fingernail even though his mom would probably slap his hand away if she was here.
Tony looked up from where he’d been in deep conversation with Bruce, their heads bent together as they peered at one of Bruce’s tablets. “Oh. I was hungry. Wasn’t really feeling pancakes.”
Tony reached forward and swiped a finger through the dust, bringing it up close to his face and grimacing at the grey mess on his fingertip. His eyes fell on the countertop that he’d wiped down earlier in the day after he’d put his second plate of buttered toast of the day on top of it and noticed the perfect circle that it had left behind on the dusty surface when he’d gone to retrieve it. Unlike the toaster, it was cleaner than what Tony assumed a baby’s butt would be and just as smooth.
“Want to know what I heard from Karen in Accounting and Jonah in Marketing when I was in the break room?” She asks with her mouth full of sandwich, daintily brushing off the crumbs that fall onto her skirt.
Tony chewed his lip as he watched Steve, feeling a familiar inkling of worry as the silence between them grew more pronounced. He was well aware that Steve was a pro at compartmentalization, at times even more skilled at it than Tony himself. Steve’s compartmentalization was a benefit during missions when he would shut off the part of his brain that worried after a particularly explosive fight they’d had or a recent hit from Tony’s search parameters that had recently located Bucky back when they’d been searching for him. But now, after over a month stuck here with neither of them having even a hunch of an idea as to how they were going to get out of here, Tony was getting worried.
During the day, he heard Steve working at the puzzle in the floor next to the bed, the soft clicking as he turned the dials and the scratch of his pencil against the sheets of paper as Steve recorded each combination he tried. There must’ve been thousands of them written down already.
This meeting was a little different though. Fury didn’t usually call in all the Avengers on the current roster they were operating with for a mission. Since they all had their own schtick, they were usually partnered or grouped based on whether their skillset was required for any given mission. That meant Tony was mostly working with Bruce when he was needed as a consultant and when SHIELD needed Iron Man, he worked with the others in varying combinations. The recon missions were usually left to Nat and Clint with Barnes occasionally being assigned with them, and Steve as their lead.
“I think the twenty bots that just got tossed like tiny, metallic pizzas was kind of telling,” Iron Man remarks sarcastically as he makes quick work of send bots with a few repulsor blasts.
“It’s okay, Steve. Really. I’m not going anywhere, alright?” Tony sat back down, keeping his fingers buried in Steve’s hair, scratching lightly at his scalp. “God, this is weird.”
Tony’s face was burning, he could tell, and it definitely wasn’t because of the overheated room. Steve wrapped an arm around his waist, pulling him right up against his chest.
“You won’t lose me.” Tony shuffled closer to him on the table, enough so that their arms were touching and their faces were inches apart. “You won’t.”
The jet slowly lowered itself as they arrived at the coordinates, the door unhinging outward just as Nat and Clint had them safely landed into the snow.
“We don’t know what kind of power this infinity stone might have. And more than that, we don’t know who brought it there,” Bruce explained with a shrug, dropping his notebook with a puzzled look on his own face. “To be honest, Steve, we can’t be sure what’s going on until we see it for ourselves. We can’t even be sure that what we’re dealing with is an infinity stone. It could just be some other, all-powerful intergalactic energy source.”
Thor settles himself into bed once again with a sigh, Mjolnir sinking into the soft pillow next to his head. He smiles to himself as a familiar feeling of victory washes over him, thinking to himself that there is no enemy, extremely unsettling inanimate objects included, that Thor of Asgard cannot defeat.
“I’ve had enough of space for a lifetime. I’m going to bed” Natasha mutters, yanking at the blanket trapped under Clint’s legs. He frowns and slowly blinks up at her, whining softly as his blanket is taken away from him.
“Everytime you think about them, you seem to forget more?” Tony suggested, his own voice gentle as he leaned forward into Steve’s space.
Steve settles next to him on the debris covered ground, fiddling with his leather gloves. “Do we really know anybody?”
The ground vibrates under their feet as the Hulk approaches with Hawkeye standing with alarming balance upon his shoulders. He bends down to let Hawkeye off before immediately straightening himself to grab a flying bot out of the air. They watch the Hulk make a fist around it, pieces of metal and loose wiring being squished out the sides of his hand.
However, there were a few recorded logs that had miraculously made it back to SHIELD before the first crew had lost complete contact with them. It was apparent by watching them that the team had decided to split up at one point, with four of them remaining on-site to investigate the anomalies where the original coordinates had led them, and two of them having gone into the town to check if the reports that there hadn’t been any human activity from within the town for at least a week were true. The recordings followed the same odd pattern of events that they’d seen in the video clips that they'd been shown in the meeting.
Bruce scoffs out a gentle laugh, wisely deciding to keep his agreement to himself. “I’m serious, though. You should head back; it’s unlikely we’re going to catch sight of anything tonight. I’ll pack everything up and lock it all down.”
Later, when he’s buckled into the car in the front seat even though he’s technically not supposed to be sitting up there (even though he’s tall enough), he watches his dad gaze out the window as they’re stopped at a red light. He’s got that sad look in his eyes that Peter tries so hard to take away but it never really works. He knows it’s because of his mom, and Peter gets really sad about her too, but he always has his dad to make him feel better again.
He’s just licking off the crumbs stuck to his fingers and making a very minimal effort to look around for a napkin to wipe his hands off instead of his Armani pants, when a very harried Pepper Potts struts into his office. She’s carrying a stack of files, Tony notices with mild alarm, and her heels are at the very least six inches tall, he bets. Worst of all, she looks like she’s five seconds away from straight up murdering him. Or the next unfortunate soul she sets her eyes on. Which would happen to be Tony.
“He’s fine. He’s just resting,” Steve insisted, his voice muffled into the couch where he had his face smushed into the upholstery. He lifted a hand to rub at Dodger’s warm flank and heard the soft jingling of his collar as he moved his head closer to Steve.
Tony quickly tampered down the warring feelings of apprehension and dull hope that rose up within up all at once, fixing his attention to the literal puzzle before them.
“So you’re freely claiming senior citizen status now?” Tony asked jokingly, grabbing the remote from Steve and pressing play again, settling deeper into the couch and trying his best to ignore the heat radiating from Steve’s body which was merely inches next to his own.
Steve surged forward, not realizing or more likely, not caring that he’d just stepped into the puddle of pancake batter as he gathered Tony up into his arms, his shaky breath coming out in gasps as he buried his face into Tony’s neck.
Self-loathing curls at the pit of his stomach and he abruptly turns toward his coffee, terrified of what else he was capable of doing.
“That’s my best friend, Steve Rogers,” he explained, his grin growing wider when Tony flushed when he got caught looking. “He got me the job here.”
Tony rolled his eyes, pushing away from the table and walking over to the trash can. “Don’t worry, Steve. I won’t try to give your dog diarrhea.” He pushed the remains of his omelette into the garbage, grimacing at it. “Ugh, I hate throwing out food.”
Tony knew they weren’t being watched the traditional way or through any sort of tech. They hadn’t found any bugs during their initial panic-induced survey of the cabin and even afterward when they’d come to terms with the situation. They also knew that it didn’t mean they weren’t being watched some other way. Tony was painfully aware of that as he tinkered during the day with Steve at his side playing helpful sidekick, and shivered in the large bed alone at night.
“I’m going to try to slip in,” the Wasp informs them, and Steve catches her shrinking down before she zips away, presumably to find a way to get inside the armour.
“I don’t think omelettes are supposed to be a work in progress, Tony,” Nat said, eyeing the omelette with an eyebrow raised as she exuded judgement upon the charred egg. “I think they’re just supposed to be—done.”
Tony trotted out of the main house and into the brisk, summer night, feeling himself breathe in his first real breath of the day as the chirping of crickets and the faint sound of laughter and applause from the building he’d left behind became the background noise to his speeding thoughts. He started walking, no real destination in mind, his only real goal being that he doesn’t run into anyone who knew him.
“I could’ve eaten it,” Thor piped up, his cheeks still stuffed full of Pop-Tart. Tony whirled on him with an incredulous look on his face.
Tony inhales slowly, his lips stretching wide in a very put upon smile as his heart races within him for some very odd reason. “Oh yeah? That’s so unlike Matt,” he says in what he hopes is a casual way. “What’s the big deal with this Sleepless in Seattle guy anyway?”
Tony shifts restlessly in his car as he drives down the freeway after the Avengers’ brief stint in Manhattan earlier that night. Without fail, once the Helicarrier drops him off at his private hangar in Malibu, Tony gets rid of his suit and makes the drive back to his house so that no one, not even the most perceptive reporters or worse, paparazzi, could make the connection to Tony Stark and Iron Man.
“Sure you do,” Steve replies at the same time, making Tony smile to himself. Maybe this guy would actually hold up on his own.
They sat there until Steve’s blinks became very slow and Tony had to shake him awake. “C’mon, Cap. Let’s go to bed,” he said softly, taking Steve’s hand and leading him in the direction of Tony’s room.
“Yeah, I did,” Steve replies softly, holding Tony as close to his chest as was bodily possible. “I guess some part of me knew. All those years ago.”
“Half of it is,” Bucky managed through a large bite of his own slice of cheese pizza. Steve tore off a slice of pepperoni pizza for himself and all but shoved it into his mouth, not realizing how hungry he’d been until the pizza had been quite literally handed to him. His stomach not so silently begged him for sustenance, and he found himself not quite immune to its insistence. Also, the food momentarily distracted him from any Tony-related thoughts that may have been steadily plaguing him like a serious bout of cholera in early industrial England.
When he leaves the room, he finds Bucky curled up on the couch watching My Best Friend’s Wedding for the hundredth time probably, and Steve shakes his head at him in amusement as he swings his bag over one shoulder and steps out the front door. He gets inside of his car, igniting the engine and backing out of the driveway, irritatingly aware of Bucky’s very unsubtle, piercing gaze from inside the house.
When Tony finally managed to drag his ass out of bed, he made sure to leave behind a note for Steve. While he was writing it, he desperately tried not to think about that morning a couple of weeks ago (day 214) when Tony had slept in and Steve had woken up in an empty bed and the way he’d shook in Tony’s arms as he cried brokenly, pleading with him to not go away again.
More nights than not he’d wake up drenched to the bone in sweat, shivering furiously as his mind provided an unhelpful replay of the shield continuing its relentless path down into Tony’s armoured chest, where the arc reactor flickered. Steve would hear the horrible sound of the arc reactor crunching into the armour as he ground the shield into it. It came down again and again and again and again until the red in Steve’s vision had cleared completely.
“You scared?” Bucky asked him with that crooked smile of his, the one that Steve had missed desperately when he’d gotten out of the ice, the one that he’d never admit that he cried after seeing for the first time after Bucky had gone through deprogramming.
‘JARVIS?’ Tony calls out delightedly as Steve walks him across the granite floor towards his bedroom, ‘Take a picture of this will you? Nice angles and everything.’
In the communal kitchen, in the gym, in the workshop, in the elevator, in front of Pepper, in front of the press and right in the middle of an Avengers meal that he was invited to - Johnny would touch Tony, his movements heavy with bantering flirtation.
‘Brunel would be ashamed.’ Bruce scolds him, grabbing the bag out of Tony’s hands and tossing it in the bin. He catches sight of Steve in the process and smiles warmly, ‘Oh, hello, you’re back. How was the press?’
‘Uhh, excuse you Mr Fantastic, triggered much!’ Tony gasps, his expression contorting with pretend pain, ‘The octopussies are never to be mentioned in this house, except on strict world-saving-business - you’ll upset our resident Captain otherwise. Don’t try and distract me though, Richards. You have yet to explain how
‘Get lost!’ Bruce shouts at the glass, though there’s no way Tony can hear him and the billionaire is walking away now anyway.
‘Guys, what the hell is that?’ She asks, voice full of concern, pointing up to a bright streak of light that suddenly bursts from behind a skyscraper several blocks away and barrels through the air straight towards the tower.
‘Sure thing, old-timer. I’ll sign yours too.’ Tony suddenly stops dead, ‘Fair warning though: if you piss me off or try to boss me around up there, I’m ditching your red-white-and-blue ass straight in to the nearest sewage facility.’
‘Good morning to you too, Stark.’ The unknown man laughs, casually taking a sip of his coffee, ‘I take it that you’re still upset about the mass spec incident?’
Well, some guy named Dr Doom has sent a bunch of really easy to kill robots to Central Park and The Avengers get to beat them up. Which Thor is so happy about when they win that he causes a massive thunder storm over New York and Hulk kicks a hot-dog stand in to the lake in celebration.
‘I saw what I saw!’ Steve shouts, turning and slamming his fist in to the concrete wall beside him with a sickening crunch, ‘Even
.’ Tony complains dramatically, starting up his repulsors with a flash of blue and orange, calling out to the others, ‘Come on kids, little league practice is over, daddy wants to get Chinese food!’
‘Shit.’ Steve curses, scrubbing at his face with his hand, ‘I’m sorry, that wasn’t how I wanted to say that . . . Look, I’ll just be going.’
‘No way!’ Tony crows, jumping back and whipping out his phone, ‘Did Elon kill him? That South African bastard!’
So, shut up in their respective lab spaces at Stark Tower - Reed aided by Bruce and Tony aided by JARVIS - both inventors have been working all month on a heat-resistant polymer composition for the Hulk’s new costume.
As if to demonstrate his point, across the lawn Hulk wildly swings the still-twitching body of a robot around by its legs before catapulting it straight at Thor. Who, with his typical Asgardian enthusiasm, flies through the air to smash it ferociously with his hammer like a giant, metal baseball.
On a large table in the corner, tucked away between piles of singed scrap and half-finished bots, a white LED desk-light shines brightly over Tony’s hunched form as he fiddles with one of the gauntlets of his Iron Man suit.
‘Rather a dull greeting, even from you, Captain.’ Loki tuts, walking gracefully up the wall to hover annoyingly on the ceiling directly in his line of sight, ‘No petty insults this time? No rousing speech on justice? No physically improbable yet predictable attacks with your precious shield?’
‘You think this is about me being an Avenger? You are very much mistaken, kid. Currently, all I want is to figure out is how to—’
‘My, my, Dr Banner,’ he says lowly, pulling a thin yellow wire out of the gauntlet, ‘what big arms you have.’
He and Natasha are sat up on Tony’s penthouse balcony. Across the city, the bright afternoon sun glints off the glass and metal of the buildings below, reminding Steve of the gold cupolas of the orthodox slavic churches he’d seen in Europe all those years ago.
of illicit substances. Mum and Dad had been gone for a while and Obie had the company in a stranglehold. I guess I was bored and just filling in the void by trying as many new things as I could. Johnny Storm was just one in a long line of things.’
‘I’m terrible at this.’ Steve moans, head in his hands, ‘Tony, I’ve been meaning to tell you for years that I’m as sweet on you as they come. Will you put me out of my misery by being my . . . god, I don’t even know what you call it in this time.’
‘Believe me, I can tell, buddy.’ Bucky smiles sympathetically; his real smile, the one that makes you feel like everything is somehow going to be A-okay, ‘I don’t think I’ve ever seen you this blue. Anything I can help with? I can beat someone up if you like, just like old times?’
Oh, he’s all for superhero team-building; he’s been nagging S.H.I.E.L.D for months to get them training exercises alongside the X-men, just in case of emergencies and if that had proved successful, Steve would of eventually gotten around to involving the Fantastic Four too.
Despite numerous written, electronic and voice messages from Steve protesting the strategic danger of their mutual grounding. Despite numerous threats from Tony to cut funding to everything Fury has ever loved, including and not limited to, his favourite coffee brand. Even despite Thor giving a PR interview on BBC, a day in to his role as temporary leader, where he referred to Vladimir Putin as a ‘tiny, worthless scoundrel’. The director still refuses to see either of them until there is
‘Means that after all this time you're still a damn masochist who likes bombshell brunettes that bust your balls.’ Bucky laughs, ‘Oh, and for the record, I already knew. You were kinda obvious to say the least, what with ditching your best girl to stay stuck here in the future for a guy who has every reason to hate your guts.’
It’s a tempting thought, but though he’s keen as they come for it, Steve’s in a little too deep these days with his feelings to just be a one night curiosity or a Pepper-rebound mistake. His days of facilitating bisexual awakenings for men he loves are over.
‘You don’t get to tell me that in my own fucking house, Rogers.’ Tony sneers, ‘I don’t care how in love with Bucky fucking Barnes you are.’
‘It’s 6 o’clock somewhere.’ Tony shrugs, pouring the second measure back in to his own beaker and downing the whole lot in one, ‘There. I’m now sufficiently fortified to deal with human conversation. Hit me with your best shot.’
When he gets to her porch, he doesn’t even have to knock before the door is swinging open and Pepper is ushering him inside.
Howard lowers his head to peer at his son over his sunglasses. “I’m done having this conversation with you. You have a brilliant future all laid out for you, why risk it?”
“Oh, so I can be a rich slacker and be a perfect fit for your company?” He challenges, trying to resist the urge to punch Howard in the face.
He slides into the seat next to Steve at lunch the next day, saying “You didn’t stop by last night.”
Steve sighs, before putting his book away. “It’s pretty interesting so far, he is reflecting on living in natural surroundings. He writes it over two years, two months, and two days.”
It’s been three months since they broke up. Tony hasn’t really talked to Steve since then, except for apologies when they run into each other and asking to borrow a pen. It is hard to put all your faith in someone and have them know you so well and then have them treat you like a stranger. Not that Tony can talk, because he hasn’t really put any effort into a conversation either.
“Only a little.” He laughs and looks around at the chaos. “It’s basically been like this the whole time.”
"Cut the chatter, this is serious..." remarked Steve with his Captain America voice. Sometimes it feels like he picks on Tony for no valid reason. As if he was biased towards the brunette.
"Calm down. Calm down. No need to get your panties in a twist." Tony tried to retreat a bit even if it did only a little help.
When he is almost at the end of the bottle Tony realises that this is not enough, that when he sobers up he will have to face Steve once again. They are on the same team and even if he resigns it won't fix his shattered heart. The only solution to this problem is to leave the world for good. Nobody is going to miss him. They don't need him on the team, he is just good for making new weapons and armour. They will find someone better to replace him. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow but they will.
Steve should probably say something, but he is wordless, his brain stopped working. His dream just came true, but he never imagined this scenario. That it will be the last words the genius says. He just stares at his precious sweet Tony and doesn't say a word.
He walks through the penthouse but finds no one inside. Maybe Tony is in the workshop, working on yet another amazing invention that will change the world or upgrading one of his many suits.
JARVIS rewinds the video and shows them when and on which exact place the genius has been seen last and it appears like the billionaire truly was kidnapped. It shows the car the brunette was sitting in as it stops at the side of the road, Tony is already unconscious in the car and another guy steps in. It must have been planned all along, the driver is a traitor working for criminals. If only Happy wasn't sick this wouldn’t happen, however, there is still the possibility that it was planned as well.
"But Steve…" Tony says trying to find where the misunderstanding occurred, but no words come from his lips. How could Steve change from the loving boyfriend to this? There is no explanation for this outcome. It must be true, the words Steve said.
He would like to call Steve, but that would never happen. The Captain didn't show any hints that he might return his love or maybe he was just blind. He has hidden his feeling for a long time, it was sitting heavy on his heart and he wants to relieve of the burden even just to hear the rejection.
Not even Stark Industries can upgrade as fast as this and that started to trouble the always clear-minded CEO of the named company.
As Steve still holds Tony’s hand, he gently kisses it and tears returned to his eyes. This time they are not loud desperate sobs, it’s just slow falling of silent tears down his cheeks.
"Good morning, sweetheart. Did you sleep well?" Steve looks down on the genius in his hands and asks with a sleepy but warm smile on his face.
Now it's time for the pie and then the proposal. Maybe Steve just had a bad day, the mission wasn't as successful as he wanted it to be, that's why he behaves so weirdly. It has nothing to do with Tony, he did nothing wrong, the pie will improve it.
Tony slices each one piece of the pie and puts it on a plate. Steve didn't even touch the champagne yet. Tony knows the blond is not much of a drinker but he never rejects a glass of good champagne or wine. Tony didn't think this will be so awkward and weird. Maybe Steve has found out Tony's intentions and doesn't feel the same. However, Tony will propose, he has to try at least. Steve’s mood surely will lighten up when he hears Tony's speech.
Steve was scared that they are moving too fast for Tony especially after what the billionaire went through, but Tony is now happy like never before and he has almost forgotten all about Tiberius. Such a person doesn't get the satisfaction of ruining his life anymore.
"Don't ever doubt yourself. I will always be there for you." Steve takes Tony's head in his hands and cups his cheeks, he wants Tony to look at him, to see that he means it.
"S-steve… G-get as f-far… F-far away from m-me as p-possible... I c-can't take it m-much l-longer." Tony pleads with a trembling voice, he is wrapped in a ball, knees to kiss chest. It's a horrible view but Steve just wants to help him. That's all he ever wants to do.
There are a few buildings in the area but it's mainly just long fields of wheat and corn all around them. The kidnappers can have a bunker under the ground, everything is possible and the team is going to look everywhere; under every stone, behind every tree or bush, simply everywhere.
"No." That's all the brown-eyed man manages to say. He just wants to disappear into the thin air right now. He can't stand the way Steve is looking at him. He messed up everything. Every chance he had with the guy in front of him.
Meanwhile, the bots were coming closer and closer. They were almost there, reaching for them. It was time for the real fight.
And then Steve told them when they were. He wasn't concentrating on what he said much, all his focus was on Tony. If Tony dies, he would never forgive himself for all the arguments they had.
"S-Steve... it's o-o-okay... if-if you d-don't… don't feel the s-s-same…" And after that, he faints. His body doesn't handle the blood loss and the pain anymore and the darkness swallows him up.
"Tony, what are you babbling about? I can hardly understand you... Where are you?" Steve was desperate, what was going on? It seemed like Tony was saying his last words... But that can't be true, the bomb was defused what happened? Did the bots hurt him?
They arrive in 7 minutes but it's like an eternity for Steve. He just hopes Tony is going to be alright. That's all that matters now. He can think about how this happened later when Tony wakes up full of life.
"Oh, okay. Are you hungry? I have prepared a little something for you. Close your eyes." Steve does what he said and then Tony takes his hand and leads him to the roof where the dinner is ready. The ground is full of red rose petals.
"Yes, that would be me," Steve answers eagerly to hear to news he just hopes nothing bad happened, that there were no complications.
“You are hurt! You idiot!” Steve replies emphatically, but there is no anger in his voice especially not at Tony, it’s full of sadness and relief.
"Tony didn't arrive at the meeting. It is really important and he's not there. Again." The CEO says and puts her head in her hands which are resting on her knees. Sometimes it's nearly impossible to manage someone like Tony Stark and Pepper doesn’t know what to do at this moment.
There is still the chance that the genius will get himself out of there by himself but that's a bit of a hazard, they can't rely on that. They need to save him. The kidnappers seem like they know what they are doing, so they also have to know who they abducted and what he is capable of with nothing but a scrap. That's certainly a disadvantage for the brunette, they are prepared. But Steve will stop at nothing until he gets the engineer back safe and sound, preferably into his arms.
"Okay, but you can always talk to me about anything. I just want you to know that." Steve says and hopes that it will encourage Tony to finally tell him the truth. Steve shifts uncomfortably from leg to leg as he still stands in the door frame.
He doesn't register it but he is pulled away by the medical staff. They arrived... Perhaps there is still a hope that Tony will survive. He can't leave after what he said, he just can't.
He had almost no time left. In a while, he would go into cardiac arrest. This is fine. He is going to die for something that matters, after all, saving so many lifes from going kaboom, that's a pretty good ending for someone like him.
They surely weren’t expecting that, however, none of them is weirded by the fact that vampires are real. Given their kind of work, everything is possible. Bucky, Bruce and Natasha are not that surprised that Tony is one thanks to their great observation skills, however, Clint and Thor are shocked. The god is astounded due to his lack of knowledge about what a vampire actually is and Clint is just in denial because this can’t be true, right? He would see if his friend was a blood-thirsty vampire. It’s not something you can hide that easily.
The team is preparing to go into action and meanwhile, JARVIS is trying to find where the car went via the cameras all around the city. To a normal human being, it would take hours or even days to go through all the footage but the A.I. has the results in less than five minutes.
"Tony, can you hear me?" Tear run down Steve’s cheek. He was sobbing like a little child who just lost his beloved toy.
Almost the entire time together, they are at each other's throats. Despite all of that, Steve could see, how selfless Tony was under the thick shell, how kind he was to the team.
Tony can't leave him, he is the thing in this new decade that was keeping him sane, the thing that is keeping him from his thoughts of the war, of the cold ice around him that was drowning him, of how he lost Bucky. Tony can't leave him like this, he just can’t.
Everyone in the room is silent, no one knows what to actually do. Tony is always the head of this type of operation because of his many experiences with them. Steve excels more in battle plans. However, they still have three spies on their side and they should be able to come up with a solution to save Tony unharmed.
"S-save it for y-yourself, you n-need it… N-need it m-more." Tony refuses the bread, he, in fact, doesn't need to eat at all, there's only one thing for his survival and they are not gonna bring him any. Tony knows he is in a horrible situation right now and there is only one outcome. That is actually what they are waiting for. But he is giving all his strength for it to not happen.
"N-n-no." Tony pants through the sobs painfully. Tiberius now can see and hear that the engineer is crying and that makes an evil smirk appear on his face. Tony knows what's coming.
It's already dark outside and he is on his way to the tower, he just wants to lay in bed with Tony wrapped around him and do absolutely nothing, just like Tony suggested in the morning now he thinks he should have listened and stayed, it would be better. He can bother with the consequences of the mission later.
They arrive at the edge of the city and the first thing they do is find a phone booth so they can call the others about their whereabouts. It takes them quite a while because the two of them have no idea where to find one. The city has changed since the time Steve used it on a daily basis and the locations of the booths changed too. Tony has never had the need to use one so they are both clueless.
"Ok, it's settled," says Natasha, "however, I think we should cancel the movie night for tonight. I can tell nobody is in the mood for it." Everybody nods in approval to Natasha's idea and the group parts into their rooms except for Steve who stays in the living room. He is still thinking about the whole situation and how to solve it.
"Alright, team you know the drill let's go! Bruce, you stay here... The four of us can handle it..." Steve stated, and what he says is holy. Nobody ever tries to question his orders except for one resident genius.
After a few minutes, the once full bottle is now totally empty not even a drop of liquid is inside. Tony moves to another bottle. This time it’s bourbon but Tony doesn't care what it is all that matters is that it will make him forget what happened the past hour, even though it will be just for a while.
"That's all I need for now and after you return we can continue," Tony replies and passionately kisses the super soldier's lips. Steve leans in and deepens the kiss. After a while of kissing they pull away. Tony is almost out of breath, however, Steve is absolutely fine thanks to the serum.
Pepper immediately tells JARVIS to find it and after a few seconds, the A.I. announces that Tony’s tracker is located still near the tower. Everyone is wondering what he could be possibly doing there and so they rather ask the A.I to show them cameras around the place. There is still a chance that it's a trap and Tony has been kidnapped. Although no one wants to think about that possibility.
Steve ran as fast as he could and then he saw the building. When he stepped inside, his heart stopped for a moment.
The whole team is suiting up. There was an echo about doom-bots attacking nearby town full of civilians. And the Avengers are needed.
Why can't Tony just listen... Is Steve asking so much? No, he isn't. All he wants is Tony to finally throw away the narcissistic front and for once behave like himself. But no, that's too much to ask of the mighty Tony Stark.
A couple of minutes flows by and a thought comes to Steve’s mind. How is it possible that Tony was able to be outside in the daylight? Vampires are supposed to burn when in contact with sunlight according to the movies and books he read these past years. It's not really a reliable source of knowledge but it plaques the blond’s brain and he can’t come up with an answer. There is nothing else to do than ask the man who is curled in the corner himself.
It all started when Tony was supposed to be attending a meeting for something concerning Stark Industries that was held somewhere in the city of New York and from there it went downhill real fast.
Tony doesn't get to crawl far because Tiberius catches his leg and pulls him closer and after that, he kicks the genius into his chest and stomach and Tony doesn't know where anymore, his whole body is on fire. Tony is not able to tell where the pain comes from, that's just how unbearable it is, it's all over his body. He can hear the cracking of his ribs and it's not a good sound, however, Tiberius seems to be enjoying it and continues. That sick bastard.
"I have something to say…" Tony starts with his confession, but then Steve cuts in with a no before he gets to actually confess. Tony just thinks what is his problem. He is the one who made him do this or does he want to tell it himself? Maybe.
He walks to the bathroom, the alcohol is finally taking its toll. He opens the cabinet above the sink, there are a few bottles of pills, he doesn't care what the pills are for. He swallows them all and then returns back for the alcohol so he can drink the pills down.
"It was fine." That's all he gets as a reply. Tony guesses that Steve is just tired and he doesn't want to talk about the mission.
"Tony what can I do?" Steve was lost. He didn’t know what to do, how to help Tony to get better. He is willing to give his life if it helps.
So Steve asks: “How is it that daylight does nothing to you?” On that, the brunette lifts his head from his knees and looks at the blond with his wet big brown eyes. Steve almost forgets about everything that happened when he sees that the eyes that he fell in love with are sad and teary. He wants to see them shine and glitter with happiness and never see a glimpse of pain in them but then he comes back to reality and patiently waits for his answer.
The medics are taking care of Tony and even when Steve wants to be at Tony's side, he doesn't want to interfere. So he steps aside, every second counts…
Only 5:21 was now on the timer. There is no time thinking about it and for Tony, it’s an easy decision to make. It’s either him or the Avengers with Steve and the civilians. It’s would be an honour to die like this, save so many people. If his life was meaningless his death won’t be.
"Okay everyone, have fun. We are going to lock ourselves in the lab." Tony announces and goes with Bruce to work on the project. They are almost done, but it will take the remaining part of the day. Tony will be probably free when Steve arrives back from the mission.
"Alright, I will get you to know when I found him." The ginger woman calms down after what the person on the phone said to her. As she hangs on the phone call she falls to the couch exhausted.
Maybe Steve is telling the truth, either way, Tony wants to enjoy as long as it lasts. But he doesn’t know yet that it will last for a long time.
He had a crush on Captain America since his childhood, but that was just idolising. However, when the soldier came back literally from dead it was more than that. He has spent time with him, got to know him and after a while fell in love.
The man opens the door even wider, steps out of the way and just plainly informs them that they are both free to go. Tony and Steve look at each other in shock, they don’t know what to think. It could be another trap or some kind of trick, maybe a test. Nevertheless, the man could also be telling the truth and this is their way home.
Steve just wonders what could be the reason for Tony's odd behaviour because Tony also doesn't look good. Not that he is not handsome in Steve's eyes. He is and always will be the most beautiful person in the world for Steve. It's just that he doesn't look healthy.
They are searching for hours and it's getting really dark. However, the team is not giving up and continues in looking for their friend.
"I will always come for you sweetheart." And on that Steve gently kisses the top of the genius's head and hugs him but not too tight so he doesn't hurt him even more. Tony is safe in Steve's arms and that's all that matters.
"I have a sparring session with Clint. I'm looking forward to kicking his ass once again." Natasha answers. Tony meanwhile sips from his coffee.
"They can wait how long they want. Right now I'm with my boyfriend. They can't start without me." Steve replies and gently kisses Tony's forehead to calm the genius' overthinking brain down.
‘Now, I say otherwise and you have to do as I say.’ Poor JARVIS, but it’s better this way. The A.I. will still get to help to the Avenger. He has already written his will. The team will get all the gear, weapons, gadgets, the tower and the money. Pepper will have Stark Industries and some of his other properties. Rhodey will get the suits and the rest of his properties and Happy will have the cars and all the garages he owns. So everybody will be happy.
The phone is ringing and it's not long until someone answers. As they speak up, joyous yells are heard from the other side from the happiness that their two friends are safe and sound. The two men share their location and the team quickly launches to the quinjet to get them.
Steve wouldn't believe Tony's words if he didn't see what just happened. He would laugh and think the other man is joking, trying to lighten up the mood. Vampires are not something he believed existed until today. He is just shocked he didn't see it because if the stories about them are even a little bit true it should be hard to hide. For example, Tony was walking in the daylight just fine and that's something vampires shouldn't be able to do.
The blond is ashamed of the fact he didn't realize sooner what was happening to Tony the past three months. He is disappointed in himself for not protecting Tony enough but that's going to change. He won't let the engineer out of his sight ever again.
"Tony, explain! You are starting to scare me. What have they done to you?" Steve wants answers because his mind can't comprehend what is going right in front of his eyes. That's not the Tony he knows and he needs some kind of an explanation even though he is sure he will not like. When he learns which one of these scumbags did this to the billionaire he will tear them apart.
When Steve woke up from the ice at first he was panicking, his brain couldn't process the sudden change. However, after a year of learning about the new world and meeting the people who live there, he realized it's not that bad.
Steve hurriedly walks to Tony's room and he sees the genius from the window. The sight of him feels wrong. Tony is pale and so small in the white huge hospital bed.
Steve’s mouth drops when he sees it. Tony knows his house is at least four times bigger than Steve’s, with its formal living room, dining room, massive kitchen, and multiple bedrooms. That is one of the reasons he had delayed bringing Steve home in the first place – he didn’t want Steve to feel bad about what he has.
There is some scuffling on their end of the phone and a moment later, Steve speaks into the phone. “Hello?”
Tony decides to push even further by asking, “If I’m working with the company, can I have my spending money back?”
The night after the Stark Industries dinner, Tony goes into the diner early so he can talk to his aunt in person and resign from his job.
His thoughts are perfectly punctuated by the bell above the door ringing and his favorite customer walking towards him. “Hi.”
Tony has to resist the urge to flee on the spot. Steve, having only known him for a short period of time, is unaware of what a loaded question that is. The thing is, Tony is unsure how to answer that question. Because he loves his parents, obviously. They are his parents. It’s just that it is a little hard to be a Stark sometimes, despite how ignorant that sounds.
Tony pays for their drinks, ignoring Pepper waving a hand full of change at him. She never accepts the fact that Tony pays for their drinks, despite how many times this has happened. They get their drinks and pull away, sitting in silence. That is, until Pepper puts her feet up on his dashboard.
Tony gestures at him to quiet down before elaborating, “He yelled, told me he was disappointed, the usual.”
That is the first time Tony has ever really opened up to anyone except Pepper, but this time it isn’t four in the morning and he isn’t drunk off wine stolen from his parents basement. He has to admit, it feels a little bit better not having to handle everything on his own. He doesn’t know what he will do when Steve is gone, though.
“Where have you been?” His father challenges, not even looking up from where he is mixing himself a drink.
They all talk for a while longer as they eat. Tony learns many embarrassing stories about Steve, much to Steve’s dismay. Sarah listens intently as Tony talks about school, which made him both embarrassed and happy. Eventually, they finish their meals and bring their plates into the small kitchen.
He comes down and sees both his parents sitting at their dining room table with a full meal in front of them. “What’s going on? Am I missing someone’s birthday?”
He reaches up and tries to fix his collar, but only ends up making it worse, so he has to run to the bathroom, exasperating his father, so he can see.
“Plus, whether I’m dancing or watching, I will never appreciate jazz music.” He jokes to lighten the mood and Steve smiles, which he considers a win.
Steve’s look morphs from concerned to one of fondness. “My mom is the best. She has to work a lot, so I hardly see her, but she is great. Her name is Sophia Rogers and she works as a nurse at the hospital. She makes the best spaghetti ever, is one of those people that decorates for Christmas right after Halloween, and likes the Rolling Stones.”
The more he explains, the more her eyes widen. “What the hell? That’s borderline abusive! What did you do?”
“Hey!” Tony greets him, already placing Steve’s usual order onto the counter in front of him. The other boy grins.
“I’m making new friends, so I don’t have to spend most of my time talking to Clint or any of our other friends that you don’t like. If I go to this movie with Steve, then that’s less time I spend elsewhere.”
She gives him a small smile before leaving him alone. He looks around at all the empty booths and thinks that he will never get used to this abandoned feel. He usually sees this place so full of life with people in every booth talking a mile a minute. Now it’s like a ghost town.
They leave the bustling crowd behind and walk to the restaurant across the street. It is surprisingly busy for being almost ten o’clock, so they get in line to order to go.
Tony looks up at him and into his eyes and it’s at that point that he realizes what all of this is. This isn’t him being weird and wanting to be friends with someone random. He likes him. Like, as more than friends. And he knows he shouldn’t but in the heat of the moment he just can’t help himself because Steve just looks so pretty with the moonlight reflecting off his blond hair and the smile on his face from their banter that he just throws all caution to the wind and leans in and kisses him right on the mouth.
“Okay.” He takes off his brown bomber jacket and folds it gently over one of the chairs in their dining room. “I’ve heard lots of good things about you.”
“Are you so image conscious that you think everything I do impacts you? Have you considered that maybe I actually like him?”
When they pull into his driveway, Pepper makes him promise to call her later before heading to her house. Tony shoots his mom a quick text before heading inside. He is shocked to see Howard Stark, still in his tan work suit and sunglasses, sitting on the sofa when he enters the house.
Tony cuts him off to quickly explain himself, “You don’t have to explain it to me, I totally understand. I was way out of line and we can totally forget it ever happened.”
That night, however, he sees Steve again. He was wandering around the diner helping the few people that showed up at this time, when the familiar blond boy entered the store.
When he opens the door, he sees Pepper already in his driveway waiting for him. She is wearing a short pale blue dress and white converse, with her red hair curled around her shoulders, looking the opposite of his thrown together casual look. Her arms are crossed, and she is scowling at him.
“See this scar here-” He lifts up his sweatshirt sleeve to show a long, jagged white scar along his arm. “When I was six, I was at Pepper’s house. She set up this whole tea party for us and me, being the good friend, I am, played along. But while she was pouring our drinks, I accidentally sat on her stuffed elephant, so she pushed me for being mean, and I hit her bed frame.”
He looks into her eyes and almost throws up all over her. “You know what, forget it. It’s not that bad.”
When he returns to his house the next morning, he is less than thrilled to see both of his parents in the kitchen talking about what he assumes to be what occurred last night. When he slams the door behind him, they both look up.
“Well, you have a massive table over there filled with your friends. Why would you come sit next to me, someone you have only spoken a couple of times?”
“That’s rough, dude, so I’ll see you later.” Clint gives him a small wave before turning around and running off.
He looks around at everyone at the dance before spotting Pepper and James gazing into each other’s eyes. He wrinkles his nose, jokingly. “They’re so gross.”
“That’s great! I assume this means you’ll be quitting your job at the diner?” She raises her eyebrows with a knowing smile on her face.
He pushes past her, grabs his car keys from the table by the door, and into the night. Once he is outside, without his jacket, he thinks of places to go. He shivers already and knows he can’t just stand there all night. His first thought is obviously next door. He runs across their lawn and up to the Hughes’ front porch. He knocks on the door and is surprised when her mom answers it.
He finishes up his dinner and puts his plate in the dishwasher. “Thank you for dinner, mom. It was really good.”
He flips around his sketchbook to show Tony and even though it is a rough sketch, it is so clearly Tony that he is dazzled. “Oh my god. That’s amazing.”
Eventually, he gets tired of this. He misses his boyfriend. So, when he sees him in the library that afternoon, he can’t help himself. He slides into the seat across from him.
Tony opens his wallet and sees that he still has two twenties in there, which is enough for both lunch and gas. He never would have thought this would be a problem.
Howard stands up and begins to pace in front of him, steadily growing angrier. “Do you realize how bad this makes me look? If anyone finds out about this, our whole family will be shamed.”
“Well he’s a piece of shit, so ignore what he says. Besides, it doesn’t matter what random people think about you.”
“No. Come on.” A few stray tears escape from his eyes as he stands up and shakes his head. “What? I can’t let him win like this! I love you!”
“That’s not terrifying at all. Should I be nervous?” He smiles good naturedly and Tony’s face softens.
He takes a shower and brushes his hair for the first time in months, so his brown hair lays flat instead of flying everywhere. He throws on his dress pants, a white button down, and a black suit jacket. He stares intently at his shoes trying to decide between his nice shoes and his vans, before ultimately going with his vans. He doesn’t want his feet to hurt and besides, footwear doesn’t really matter.
“Well I just thought if you were serious about actually wanting to talk to me, you and your friends wouldn’t treat me like shit.” Steve tells him bitterly, not looking up from the book he is reading.
Tony is taken aback. His father had never mentioned this before so why now? He guesses now that he is semi-willing to work at the company for the time being, that needs to be his first priority. It isn’t as if that is his long term plan though. For now, if he has to go to meetings, he should at least be able to do what he wants with his free time.
Tony almost laughs out loud at the image of Clint sitting at an empty table in the cafeteria. “There’s no way he would say yes.”
Tony freezes. He wants to say yes so badly, and he hates doing this to Steve. He knows he deserves better. He looks towards Steve regrettably. “I’m sorry; I can’t.”
“Are you… sitting here?” He seems confused and Tony feels a pang of hurt in his chest but presses it down.
“Yeah! Have you heard of me?” He jokes, internally cringing. He was hoping he could at least be friendly with the boy in front of him, but he can’t keep talking to a bunch of suck-ups who want to be friends with him for money.
“He’s not my dad anymore, not really. He can’t do this to me. I’ll be out of the house in three months and if he is going to treat me like this, in addition to how he has treated me my entire life, then I hate him.”
“I got it.” Pepper beats him to the punch, leaning across him to hand the woman working the drive-thru window a couple of waded up bills.
Not only that, but the obvious nerves about introducing Steve to his family. His mom would be fine, probably. He would guess that she would say hi, introduce herself, and leave them alone, which is good. It’s his dad he is worried about. His dad definitely wouldn’t appreciate him bringing someone home, especially someone of Steve’s status, as messed up as that is.
“Yeah.” Tony whispers, looking down at his lap. “He’s such an image-conscious, homophobic, douchebag that he can’t even realize how terrible he is to me.”
He is brought back to reality when he feels a pinch on his arm and sees his father glaring at him. “Pay attention.”
“It’s the first day of school and we are already late. At this rate, we will have detention for tardiness in a week.” She complains as she climbs into the passenger’s seat.
That Wednesday, Tony is extremely nervous and rightfully so. He has dressed up in a collared shirt with a new pair of jeans. He knows that he doesn’t need to be so freaked out, but he has an intense desire to be liked by Sarah Rodgers because he knows that this could make or break their relationship.
“Hi! It’s Tony. Is Steve there?” He asks as politely as he can, considering he is trying not to scream with excitement.
They chatted for another hour or so, before Steve had to leave. After that, Tony closed up the store and headed home, excited to sleep after a long day.
So, he sits on Steve’s couch, clinging to him like a scared child, eyes red and puffy. As Steve starts to help Tony up, Tony subconsciously tenses.
“I don’t want to spend every moment of my free time working! I should have time to see my friends. I’m not even an adult yet!”
He climbs out of his window and down the side of his house, trying to make as little noise as possible so he doesn’t alert his parents. Once he reaches the grass, he bolts across his front lawn to the house next door, moving as fast as possible to avoid the dew seeping into his socks.
“You’ll do better next time.” Howard tells him and he can tell by the tone of his father’s voice that it isn’t a suggestion.
“Tony Stark.” She stares him down, before putting a comforting and encouraging hand on his shoulder.
It is eight o’clock when they get there, thirty minutes after the dance has officially started, so they are fashionably late. They find a parking spot luckily, but due to the massive amount of people, they have to park all the way in the back. It takes them about five minutes to get from the car to the building.
“He’s been in there for almost an hour, I don’t know what he has to do.” Sarah tells him with a smile.
After another hour, they all are finally ready to leave. Tony is drained, so he can’t say he’s sad to see them go.
He is pleased to have recognized the title and smiles a bit to himself. “Oh, I’ve heard of that! Isn’t there a movie?”
Unfortunately for Tony, the rest of the days passed that week very quickly and before he knew it, it was Sunday and he is getting ready to leave with his father. He has to squeeze himself into an old pair of black slacks, a white button-down shirt with a blazer, and actually style his hair.
He gives her a pleading look, so she sighs. “Yeah, of course! What hours would you like? I don’t have many workers, so you can pretty much pick when you want to work.”
“Okay.” He looks at his watch and tells her, “I have to leave for the dance, but I’ll see you later, okay?”
When they get into the gym, where the dance is being held, they are immediately overwhelmed by the appearance of it. There are white and blue streamers everywhere along with hand cut paper snowflakes and glitter.
Steve sighs quietly from next to him at the admission and Tony is grateful when he chooses not to comment on it. “Where do you think you will go?”
They talked for a little bit longer until the movie started. Tony probably watched Steve more than he watched the actual movie because he’s seen it so many times and the other boy’s facial expressions were amusing. His eyebrows would shoot up at the shocking parts and when he laughed his nose would scrunch up.
They share a small smile before Tony is pulled away to ring up a middle-aged man, the only other person in the diner. A few minutes later, Steve stands up as well.
As they continue their drive, he intentionally avoids looking her in the eyes. Despite this, she stares directly at him, as if challenging him to finally say something to her.
“Yeah, that’s because you’ve barely been home.” He says, trying to keep the bitterness from his voice.
“I wasn’t going to come originally, so I didn’t find a date.” Tony shrugs, eyeing Steve who is standing a few feet away.
“Then alright.” She waves back to the boy. “Can I meet him? I want to make sure you aren’t friends with the wrong crowd.” She jokes.
Tony wants to pull his hair out; he is so frustrated. He doesn’t understand why it is so hard for this kid to hold a conversation with him. The boy seems to ignore his presence and pulls out a book instead. When he catches a glimpse of the title, he can’t help but continue talking.
Pepper steps out of her house and stands next to him on the porch. They both drop down and sit on the steps.
, I have a business meeting with a client that I would like you to attend.” He tells Tony without turning his head to look at him.
“I got accepted.” He breathes out, not believing what he is seeing. He jumps up and shouts, “I got accepted!”
“Oh, no. I’m okay. Don’t worry about me.” He immediately brushes her off, opting instead to turn on the radio.
“Yeah, I mean, it’s not like anybody will show up anyway.” He shrugs, looking around at the now empty diner.
Tony dreads having to face his friends. He doesn’t know how he can possibly hide what happened, especially from Pepper, seeing as she both lives next door and is his best friend. He decides to rip the band-aid off when they get in the car and just tell her what happened the couple days before.
“Hi, Anthony! What would you like?” She calls out to him with a bright smile the second he walks in.
“Well, for one, you seem pretty cool. Also, yeah, I’ve only spoken to you a couple of times, but how am I supposed to get to know you better if neither of us takes any initiative?”
“Thank you.” She turns and looks at Tony expectantly. “Aren’t you going to tell me how nice my dress looks, Tony?”
“Fine.” He gets up off the couch and follows her up to her room, where he sits on her bed and watches as she finishes getting ready.
Tony, seeing how excited Steve is and thinking about his own dance expectations, finds himself saying, “Fine! Fine.”
As much as he wanted to take his time getting home, he knew that the more he put it off, the angrier his father would be with him. He walked into his house and saw his parents already sitting there waiting for  him, so he decided to go ahead and sit across from them. In contrast to their usual attire of business suits and neat hair do’s, they are both already in their pajamas. His mother’s hair is loose and tangled around her shoulders and his father isn’t wearing his glasses, which shocks Tony because he hardly ever sees them like this. He taps his feet nervously and waits for his parents to address the elephant in the room.
He starts to make the drink and is pleasantly surprised when Steve begins to talk to him. “So… what’s up?”
The next morning, Tony is only a little hungover. By that, he means he feels terrible. He has a pounding headache and could vomit any second. He stumbles downstairs desperate for a bowl of cereal and he sees his dad sitting at the table in their kitchen drinking coffee.
Steve comes in later that day, true to his word. Tony already had something made for him, hoping he would come, and he holds it out the second Steve walked in the door.
He sighs and admits to her, “It really says something that I’ve seen dad more than you. You know how much it takes to be a bigger workaholic than him?”
“I do.” Tony meets his eyes and he seems genuine. “And you introduced me to Pepper, who is basically your family, so I think we’re even.”
Whenever a bruise shows up he blames it on missions and his clumsiness in the workshop and the team believes him. Why wouldn't they? There is no reason to suspect anything but Steve seems like he feels something is not right and both Tiberius and Tony are aware of that, however, the genius won't do anything to help the blonde to figure it out. Tiberius has taken all the self-confidence from him when he started treating the billionaire the way he does.
Steve managed to break free, but the shapeshifter probably already caused problems, they just don't know yet what exactly.
But this is too much. The worst thing is that he believes that even though he tells someone about what is going on, they will join Tiberius and laugh at him, beat him together. And he certainly doesn't want Steve looking at him like Tiberius does; with disgust. He doesn't want Steve to laugh at him and beat him. He is sure he doesn't stand a chance with the supersoldier but he is okay with the friendly concern and glances he gets from the blond.
"Oh, I wouldn't be so excited if I were you. I'm not going to be easy on you this time." Clint tries to defend himself.
Tony laid there, he looked so small and fragile in the huge hospital bed. Cuts and bruises which started to turn purple were on his head. And he doesn’t even see what is under the blanket. Maybe that’s for the best... he tells to himself.
When Steve wakes up everything hurts. He can feel a hard surface under his body and blood is running down his forehead, he must have hit his head as they were moving him to wherever he is now.
"Try talking to him on the comms." Bruce shares his idea. How is that not their first step... It must be from tiredness. So Bucky does as the scientist says and tries to contact Steve via the comms but it's without success.
When he arrives at the workshop Tony is not there, so he looks to the bathroom and he is met with a sight that he thought he will never see. He is living a nightmare. Tony lays on the floor with a bottle of scotch in his hands, empty sleeping pill bottles are laying around him and it seems he is not breathing. His chest is not rising and he is so pale, sweat is forming on his forehead.
Moonlight is coming through the tiny window, illuminating the small room. The brunette retreated back into the corner and now he lets the teardrops flow down freely and his thoughts swallow him. He just lost the man he loves before he even got the chance to man up and do something about his feelings.
“It was in Afghanistan, more details later…” Tony answers with a low voice as he is looking down on his feet. He is still processing Steve’s words and he is also aware that he didn’t reply. What must Steve think right now… Maybe that he made a fool of himself in front of the whole team by revealing his feelings to the man he loves and also being rejected by silence from the side of the said man. Tony is cursing himself right now, his low self-confidence in this kind of thing is showing. Nevertheless, he can’t let Steve this way, he needs to say something. He knows what he wants to say but he doesn’t know how.
"Where is Cap?" Clint asks as the members of the team are standing in front of the quinjet that got them here. The archer is leaning on a stone, visibly tired and yawns before he gets an answer.
When they arrive at the radius in which Tony is supposed to be they split up so it will be more effective and also faster. It's not like they need to go in pairs, each of them can take care of themselves on their own. All of them are masters in combat except for Bruce but he can get angry, turn all green and then it's not pretty... Needless to say no one is worried about his protection.
They wait for JARVIS to find the cameras and it doesn't take long and they see the feed playing in front of them on holographic projection. Tony is nowhere to be seen and everyone's stomach turns upside down at the thought that their friend has been abducted. They are quickly thinking the worst possible outcome because they all know how many enemies Tony has even when he is out of the suit. It didn’t cross anybody’s mind that the genius could be absolutely fine and just relaxing somewhere.
After a while, the guy who joined them in the car throws something out of the window, probably the tracker. They have cut it from Tony's hand. Steve wants to punch the nearest person in the face at the thought of someone hurting Tony. After the tracker is away they disappear heading the north.
"No, no. Don't apologize. You've ruined nothing. I just thought that you don't doubt yourself anymore, that I showed how much you are loved and the insecurities are gone." Steve says sadly. He is disappointed. He is not disappointed in Tony but himself. He thought that he helped his lover escape from the dark thoughts. But it seems he is still far from it. Nevertheless, Steve will never give up on Tony, he is too precious for him. Right now he knows that he must show his love more to the brunette and maybe one day the genius will see that he is worthy of so much more than he thinks.
"Yes, you are on the right coordinates... according to what I see in front of me," said Bruce in the comms.
Steve hurriedly runs to Tony's side and bends over him to try to find a pulse. It's there but it's really weak. What happened? Tony doesn't drink and he doesn't have a problem with sleeping anymore. Tony did seem to be a little bit insecure this morning, but the super-soldier didn't think it's that bad that Tony tries to take his life.
"Iron man, do what he told you to do! There's no time for this not now..." Natasha said. She was fed up with the full-time teasing from Tony's side. For a genius he is sometimes unbelievably stupid, they both are so absolutely blind to each other's feelings.
"Why can't Bruce go with us, enjoy the show Capsicle?" Tony had to interrupt just to annoy Steve. Nat and Clint just stood there a bit impatient and not amused by Stark's annoyance.
"It was nice meeting you, but I have to go. Take care, Captain." Tiberius says and pushes the button for the elevator to arrive on the floor he is on.
"They just revealed the truth. I can't trust you anymore. It's not really a problem that you are a vampire. We could have worked with that but you didn't tell us. You didn't tell me! You lied for years!" The blond tries to explain his point of view on this situation. Because it seems Tony thinks that the blue-eyed man hates him due to the abnormal creature he is, however, that's not the truth. He is not that cruel-hearted, he is not blaming the genius for what he is because Steve is sure that Tony didn’t want it, that he had no say in the process that turned him into a vampire.
"Where are they? Are we in the right place?" Steve asked. Something wasn't right, the bots should be here. It was unbelievingly peaceful.
When Tony has enough blood to calm down his urge he slowly lightens up his grip on the soldier. He knows he screwed this but he had no other choice. Maybe he should have just killed himself when he was turned at least he wouldn't hurt the man he loved.
All he knows is that he has to help Tony with whatever was the cause that made him do such a horrible thing. He will do anything to make the genius feel better because he can't live without him, the engineer is the only thing that keeps him sane in this new era of his life.
Tony followed the sound. It was coming from an old abandoned warehouse. He stepped inside and there it was: a bomb, on the timer, it was 7:12.
They were the true heroes, the ones he considered as a family; real loving family even if they didn't. He was just a sad man hiding behind a lot of masks. Steve was right all along, he doesn't know how he could assume he had a chance with the baby blue-eyed blond man.
The dinner is awkward, there is silence and only the jingling of the cutlery is heard. Tony is starting to be nervous, dangerous thoughts are swimming in his brain. What if Steve doesn't love him as he said before? What if he rejects his proposal? What if Steve leaves him? Tony can't imagine a life without the super-soldier.
Another few hours and it's midnight, it's almost impossible to see anything without a flashlight and nobody has any. The team has reunited again but then they realize someone is missing.
"Tony? What's that with your eyes? You are starting to scare me a little..." Steve blurts out his voice is uncertain with a bit of fear. Fear of Tony. It hurts the genius that he is the cause of this emotion in Steve’s eyes but he has no control over this. The hunger is too strong. As long as Steve stays where he is, he is safe and that's all that matters. However, the safe spot won't last long because the sunset is nearing and soon there will be nothing in the way between the monstrous creature and it’s prey, he will shortly take what he needs.
"Okay okay." Steve quickly retreats, not wanting to go and cause Tony any more discomfort than he already is in and keeps on talking. "What have they done to you? Or what is happening?"
Every time Tony thinks of himself as a human being with his own rights, as something different than a whore for fucking and satisfying others, Tiberius beats him so he remembers it's not true and everyone will do him the same things if he tries to tell anyone. Because that's what he deserves.
He has planned a romantic dinner just for the two of them. They haven't gone anywhere for a long time and now it's the perfect timing. They've been dating for two years and Tony feels like he wants to take the next step. He is sure that Steve feels the same, but he also knows that the super-soldier is too shy to propose to him so he will do it himself tonight. He had sent the rest of the Avengers to the theatre and then they promised to go somewhere else so they won't disturb them for the rest of the romantic night. He has also bought a beautiful but simple ring, it's costume made. Steve is not really into fancy things so Tony knows he is going to welcome it.
Tony was still partly conscious but that wouldn't last for long, now was the only time he could tell Steve how he really felt.
"It has changed nothing and I deeply regret everything I said back in that cell. I never meant it. I still love you deeply… Can you forgive me?" Steve continues and Tony is speechless, he is living a dream right now. He never thought that this horrible experience in their imprisonment would uncover something so beautiful. The team is still confused but Natasha and Bucky are starting to understand, smiles are spread on their faces. However, they don’t know about the vampire part yet.
"But you can't take your life because of me. What were you thinking?" Steve asks. He is not mad at Tony. He is just worried that he almost lost him.
"S-steve I'm sorry… I-I've never w-wanted… Wanted you to find out t-this way. Just s-stay where y-you are and e-everything… E-everything is going to be f-fine." Tony pants out, his head is pounding like crazy. Soon he will jump through the fading light even though it will hurt him. The urge is too strong.
There was a lot more to the bots than they thought. The four of them were holding up bravely but their strength was slowly leaving them.
"No, he's not," Steve replied sadly. He feels lost. He doesn't know what to do. He can't think straight not when Tony is in the state he is right now.
"Steve, the love of my life, the air in my lungs, the sun on my sky, I can't imagine the rest of my life without you by my side. I can't imagine a single day waking up without you, so will you do me the honour and will you be my husband? Will you marry me?" Tony says confidentiality. He is excited about the answer but nervous at the same time. Two years is a long time. If Steve didn't want to be with him he wouldn't stay so long, right?
"Mr Stark is in stable condition after the surgery. You can visit him in his room he should be waking up soon." The doctor informs and it puts a smile on Steve's face. Tony is going to be alright.
"So you heard… What about you? What will you be doing?" Tony asks. He doesn't really care what they are going to do, because he probably already knows. They will probably be sparring, that's what they do almost every day, but everyone knows who will win.
He is much thinner and his skin is pale. He doesn't sleep and eat and if that is not because of working late into the night then Steve doesn't know what else it may be. He just hopes the genius will tell him before it gets too far.
"But we still don't know what causes the change." Bruce points out. That's true, they don't know what is happening that Tony changed so much and the team feels useless. How can they protect the world when they can't even help their own friend? Their family?
It seems they are partly under the ground because when they were in their cell they saw a light coming from outside. The two of them head towards the stairs and the man from before is watching them with the same smile. It's a really creepy smile and that doesn’t mean anything good.
He wanted to at least analyze the damage that was done to his body even if it was pointless. 'J, the stats...' said to JARVIS and before that he turned off the comms so the rest of the team couldn’t hear him.
"Guys, can you hear me? Tony is gravely injured he needs immediate medical help and a new arc reactor..." he blurted in the comms, hoping that someone hears him. Tony’s time was cut shorter and shorter every second and it didn’t look well.
The genius is very excited, he planned this for a long time and the conversation this morning only confirmed that Steve loves him unconditionally and will never leave and that Tony wants to spend the rest of his life with the man.
"No, it's absolutely ok. We totally understand. Wouldn't want to interrupt your plans. It's just that you don't spend as much time with the team as before. Is something wrong? Did any of us do something offensive? You can talk to me, Tony." Steve says sadly, the genius doesn't behave like himself anymore. He is not his playful sarcastic self and Steve misses that part of him.
The blue-eyed man lays on the ground and his body is on fire, the sedatives must have been pretty strong if it could affect his supersoldier metabolism like that. He looks around and sees through the small latticed window that it's already light outside, he had been out the rest of the night or maybe even more.
“No, you sweet moron, I love you too, I do for a long time now.” That’s not what Tony anticipated at all.
"No, he is absolutely fine. Did he say something to you?" Tiberius cocks his on the side and asks curiously with his brows lowered in annoyance and anger. His mask slips a bit because he wasn't prepared for this conversation. Although he is an amazing actor so Steve didn't notice.
Tony tries to crawl away from Tiberius because he can't take it anymore, this is too much for him. He knows he deserves it for all the terrible things he has done, for all the innocent people he has killed with his weapons. Whenever he looks at his hands he can see it. The blood.
"I'm a vampire from the day I was kidnapped in Afghanistan." Tony tries to explain but he knows it will bring a little comfort to the blue-eyed man in front of him. He messed it up real bad.
"I see you are awake, Captain. I just came to tell Mr Stark that he is not getting food anytime soon and I also brought something for you, Captain." The kidnaper says and throws a big piece of bread on the floor in front of Steve and after that the man turns and walks away, closing and locking the door behind him.
"You are worried for no reason. You know how Tony is. He always wants to have attention just for himself. It's probably just one of his phases. Nothing serious." Tiberius tries to play it cool. No damage has been done, Steve is as clueless as ever, no need to worry.
Steve is probably right anyway. If someone so pure and good as the blond thinks such things about him then it must be true, there is truly no hope for him anymore. What’s the point in going on like this? The super-soldier lied to him the whole time they were together and he believed everything he said. He said this morning that he would never leave him - a lie. He even promised it - a lie. He said he loved him - a lie. He said to Tony that he loves him for who he is - a lie. Every single word Steve said to him was a lie and Tony believed him. He believed that he is worth something more than just his body and brain.
The two prisoners are waiting in silence for what is about to happen next. They are both tired from the past events and their chance of escaping is barely existent. Maybe after a few more days, they will get their strength back and then they will manage to do something about the situation they are in. However, they didn’t expect what is about to happen next.
"Nobody is hurt so far, but there is still a lot of bots so I can’t evacuate them yet,” Nat announced briefly.
When he thinks that he almost lost him… He will do anything to prevent it in the future. He never wants to see him like that ever again. Even if he has to tie him up to the bed he will do it. He will show the billionaire how much he loves him, how much he cares for him. He will show him that he is needed, that he is wanted. Because according to what Tony said back in the warehouse, he believes that he doesn’t matter but the truth is the opposite.
"Ouch that hurt, think whatever you want Capsicle..." Tony sarcastically said, doing as Steve’s words didn’t hurt him, but that was just another one of his masks coming into action. The truth was that Steve was right and the genius knew that.
And that was also why he denied his feeling for the Captain. He knew he is not worthy of someone as perfect as the blond, he knew that the blue-eyed soldier could never love him back so he hid all those feelings behind sass and sarcasm. That’s what he is good at.
They set to the table, the lasagna already prepared on a plate. It smells delicious and it looks even better. Tony didn't cook it himself, but he knows that Steve wouldn't even want it of him. The pie is in the middle of the table, waiting for its time. Tony pours them the champagne and they start eating.
"Calm down Cap it's just a little teasing, can't you understand a joke? Don't answer that I know you can't..."
He arrives at the tower and it's oddly quiet. Maybe the team went somewhere to have some fun, however, Tony promised he would wait for him.
"Get away from me!" Steve hisses at the genius, holding his bleeding neck that is marked with two holes left from the fangs. He doesn't mean to be so harsh but he is angry at this moment. Tony should have said something.
"I know and I appreciate it. Now please go, I have lots of work to do." Tony ends the conversation, stands up from the chair he was sitting at and quickly shows Steve out of the door so nobody, especially his boyfriend, can't see them together. Ty is supposed to be here any second and Tony doesn't want him to see him and Steve talking. He might think something is going on between the two of them, that Tony is an ungrateful cheater and the former playboy doesn't want that to happen again. He knows what awaits him if that repeats.
Natasha has taken a few more hurtful blows as she jumped from one bot to another, but she was trained not to feel pain - at least not as a regular human being.
"I just… I'm sorry. I've ruined everything." Tony replies nervously. He raises his head away from Steve's chest and looks at the blue-eyed soldier. He is met with eyes full of worry and sadnesses that belong to the blond.
Then he sat, he tried to secure the wound with his hands but there was no use. If he didn’t bleed out he would die from a heart attack or something so why even try?
Steve is stepping inside a building and looking around himself if his tired blue eyes can spot something. It's been really exhausting, they have been searching almost the whole day and it's putting its toll on them. However, as the blue-eyed soldier walks farther into the building he sees something and immediately runs towards it.
And by this, he is doing him a favour, because there's no way Captain America would like the pathetic shit Tony is.
At this moment Thor would come to handy, the god would just fly around and everything would be a lot faster but he is in Asgard fulfilling his duties in the palace. This time they will just have to manage without the god of thunder.
"I was talking with Steve." Tiberius starts, voice steady and rough. His eyes full of furry. Tony is trembling like a leaf in a wind, not saying a single word, just listening to what Tiberius has to say. Tiberius is always right. The dark-haired man is the only one that can stand the pathetic and horrible person Tony is and the philanthropist is fully aware of that. He believes every word Ty says to him. Because he doesn't deserve anything better.
"You don't need to," Natasha smirks. They don't do it to prove something. They do it because they enjoy it and this nudging is just to make fun.
They know each other for years now. They have been through a lot, the past holds so many amazing memories so Steve can tell when something is not okay with the billionaire.
"What are you? Did they do this or is this going on longer?" Steve hopes they did this to him because otherwise it would mean he was lying most of the time they know each other. He hopes he will finally get some answers now when all that happened. That's the least he deserves from the brunette.
"I will be visiting Asgard and I may not return for a few days," Thor replies. He said a few days before that he is planning a trip to Asgard so no one is surprised by the news.
After a time like that, he feels movement under his hand. He lifts his head to be met with the chocolate brown eyes he learned to love. Steve smiles after a long time.
The world was slowing down, Tony’s vision was blurry, he wasn't able to speak anymore, but he had a lot more things to say... There was just no time for that, giving up. He had to get it out of his chest, he had to tell Steve about his feelings even if it’s selfish of him and it will make Steve only guilty that he doesn’t feel the same.
Steve doesn't say anything for quite a while and Tony doesn't know what to do, he still kneels there, hands with the box in front of him. The situation is really awkward and embarrassing. However, the genius patiently waits for the answer.
Clint was running out of arrows. He had to pick the ones he already shot and that was unbelievably detaining him. He also has a bit of not-so-serious bruises and the movement was becoming slower. He will have to pack it after a while because without arrows he can’t do much and hitting the bots with the bow won’t be much effective.
They are like that for a while, just lying on each other motionlessly, but then the patriotic urge to stop the villains takes over Steve and he can't help but go protect the world once again. Such a selfless idiot he is. He tries to gently pull away from Tony who meanwhile has fallen asleep on him. When he manages to slowly pull away, he kisses the brunette goodbye and goes to prepare.
After that, they go to the med bay to get Tony checked up. The rest of the team took care of Tiberius. Some of his illegal activities showed up and he is now sitting in a jail where he can hurt no one.
It's evening already and Tony is waiting for Steve to come home. He has everything set up on the roof; roses, champagne, candles, everything a romantic dinner needs. He didn't want people staring at them in the most romantic moment of their lives so that's why it's not in some expensive restaurant. He wanted to keep it private and he also thinks that Steve will be more relaxed like that. He has been always so tense when they were out on a date. Tony wants Steve to be as comfortable as possible, it's the least he can do for the blond.
"The ring is still on the roof so when we come back I can give it to you properly." Tony smiles warmly and it's the most beautiful view Steve has ever seen. He promises himself that he will protect that smile as long as he is alive. He doesn't want to see Tony sad ever again.
Everyone was saved. Everyone except him. And that's how it should be. He was expendable after all. But now he has to tell others, he turns the comms back on and with his last power, trying to sound as steady as possible, he announced:
Not that he has anything against the creatures, no one should be judged on the basis of rumours and prejudice. Every individual is different so Steve will firstly get to know that side of Tony and then create an opinion about him. But he is going to love the brunette no matter what because Steve is sure he can't get rid of that kind of feelings even if he wants to. His anger is clouding his judgement right at this moment and he will regret all the things he has done while in this imprisonment. Just like Tony does right now.
Tony's mind was shutting down, he couldn't control his legs anymore, he was too weak for that, just like his whole life… But he managed to lift his and he has truly seen Steve hovering above him. But something was out of place. It seemed like Steve was crying.
He waits like that a few more minutes and then he sees a doctor approaching him. Steve immediately stands up from his seat in the waiting room and waits for the doctor to tell him hopefully the good news.
He was getting out of time, the bomb was still ticking. He unplugged the arc reactor and attached it to the core of the bomb. It was doing what it was supposed to. Fine.
"I don't know, he's not here?" Natasha answers. She is the least exhausted of them all thanks to her training and also thanks to the fact that she sleeps every night like a normal human being for at least 8 hours. So one night without sleep is nothing for her.
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!" Steve yells at Tiberius furiously as he opens the door and runs towards the two of them, Tony has never seen him like this before, so angry, the Captain America always keeps his cool.
Now he has a wonderful team of superheroes that he can call his family. His best friend Bucky from the 40s is back safe and sound, free from HYDRA's brainwashing. The blond man even found another close friend in Tony Stark, the child of Howard Stark who he had known in his time as a good man and now learned that he was actually a horrible person, a person who neglected his own son and Steve can't look up to someone like that anymore.
Steve considers Tony a family, a close friend, even though he wants their relationship to blossom into something more passionate. However, the blond knows he doesn't stand a chance not when Tony is already in a serious relationship with Tiberius Stone for the past three months. As long as Tony is happy Steve is happy even though it's not the supersoldier that makes the philanthropist smile.
"Steve, I love you too! I had no choice! They starved me. That was their plan all along. It was a trap. This is what they want! Us arguing." Tony throws back but it has no effect on the other man. In different circumstances, the blonde would be beyond heaven to hear that the genius reciprocates his feelings but all he can think about at this moment is the betrayal and lies.
"I love you the most. You will never leave me, right?" Tony asks with worry in his voice. After two years of dating, he still doubts himself. He is still scared he is not good enough for the blond and that one day Steve will realise it and leave him.
The blinding light is painful and too bright for Tony's eyes and he needs to adjust. However, he sees the silhouette of a person besides him. Who could that be? And then the person speaks up.
"Hey, Tony. I'm sorry to interrupt you from your work, but do you want to come to today's movie night? Natasha is making her famous popcorn." Steve asks standing in the glass door of Tony's workshop leaning against the frame. He is smiling from ear to ear watching the genius as he sits in front yet another world-changing invention that is yet to be finished.
“We believe you, but you have to be strong right now,” Nat answered. The whole team knew how their two teammates were oblivious to each other’s feelings or at least they suspected something like that. It was unbelievable to withstand it, the tension between them. But the team thought the two idiots will confess when they will be ready. They didn’t want to push them. Maybe they should have done it.
"He has a tracker, no?" Steve points out not wanting to rub it into the woman's face that she has forgotten. It's a lot of pressure on her right now. And Steve is well known for staying cool minded in the toughest of situations.
"I think we should pack it up here for now. Everyone is exhausted and at this rate, we won't find them any time soon." Natasha suggests and everyone nods in approval even though they don't want to abandon their friends like that, however, they probably have no other choice. They won't find them if they collapse from fatigue. Their friends are strong and they would understand.
'Sir, since the stab wasn’t straight, you have punctured lung, internal bleeding and few minor injuries on the upper hip, larger wound on your head and cuts and bruises all over the chest. After you took out the arc reactor the shards started nearing to your heart. I advise calling for medical support.'
"No Tony, of course, I do! I love you! I love you so much! Don't leave me! Please I love you!" Steve chokes on his sons he never thought this sound could ever escape his mouth, but he is hopeless. He waited for too long and now Tony will never know that he loves him back.
"You don't remember? Is this just a game for you? I never thought that the incredible Captain America is so harsh." Tony replies and it breaks Steve's heart a little. What happened? He is confused even more.
"You need to go. They are probably waiting." Tony says disappointed that his lover has to already go.
"You are worthless, just a man-whore who doesn’t deserve love, you have been lucky that I was with you so long for the sex." Steve continues his speech, but Tony can't hear him anymore through the sobs. His whole life just broke down right in front of him. Steve walks out of the roof with Tony’s heart in his hands, leaving Tony alone to his thoughts.
The fight was long and it looked like it isn't ending anytime soon. And when it wasn't enough Tony faintly heard a beeping sound.
For now, it's just a mission to collect information so it should be fast. But after he receives the information and they will show what is really going on, they will move to stage two and send the whole team there.
“Steve, I’m sorry. I was scared that you wouldn’t want to do anything with me after finding out. I'm a coward. Please forgive me… I love you! Don’t give up on me! I will make everything right again.” Tony begs but Steve is not sure he can give the other man his forgiveness yet. He lied to his eyes, didn't tell what's happening, he didn't trust enough the team to tell them his secret and Steve is confused. He really thought that the team is like a family to all the members and you trust your family with your secrets, right? Then where did the error occurred, Steve is asking himself.
"S-stay a-away, S-steve… If you know... w-what good f-for you, d-don't get any c-closer…" Tony shakily hisses in a pleading voice full of concern. He is trying to move as far into the corner as possible but already leaning on the wall and can't go farther.
The bots were defeated. The rest of the team managed to fight off the bots who remained. Civilians were safe. The fight was over. Thanks to Tony, not even the bomb was a treat now. Everyone survived just with a few minor injuries and went back to the tower, just Tony was nowhere to be found, so Steve was searching for him. He was hoping nothing bad occurred. He wandered for a while. And then relieve filled his body when he heard faint hissing from the comms:
Steve didn't get any information from Tiberius and he is troubled. The plan failed. Steve uncomfortably shifts on the couch thinking of how to confront Tony and get some answers from the genius himself. Even though he knows it leads nowhere. He already tried many times.
This is not the first time Tiberius had to take the matters into his own hands and show Tony just how he doesn't deserve anyone's but his company because he is pathetic little whore who bends for anyone that wishes, even for the Saint and perfect Captain America himself who that excuse if a man has a crush on.
Steve is confused, the kidnaper said he is not giving Tony food but then he throws bread on him that doesn't make sense and the blond is confused. However, there's no time to be thinking about something unmeaningful like that. The man is probably crazy since he kidnapped them in the first place.
"S-Steve... I-I don't… D-don’t want to h-hurt you but I c-can't… C-can’t control m-myself any-anymore…" Tony breathes heavily; he can't fight the temptation any longer. They have been cutting him so the starvation is faster. However, he doesn't want Steve to find out this way, he doesn't want to hurt the blond but he is in no control anymore and the gash full of blood the supersoldier has on his forehead is not helping.
The billionaire's heart is pumping what remained of his blood. There is a ringing sound in his head, his eyelids are slowly closing, he can feel the sweat and the warm blood all around his body. But Tony is still waiting for the rejection and Steve yet doesn't say a word...
Steve walks away from the lab with a worried expression. He climbs up the stairs into the huge living room where the rest of the team already waits on the couch for the movie night to begin. Everything is prepared; popcorn, drinks, snacks except they haven't chosen a movie yet. They wanted Tony to choose if he comes but it seems they will have to decide themselves once again.
They don’t waste any more time and speed out of the door. No one seems to try to stop them as they are now located in a small windowless hallway with only a few other doors and stairs leading up.
"We shall ask his lover… It's him who is closest to our dear friend." Thor suggests. Tony spends every possible second with Tiberius, that might not be such a bad idea and everyone in the room agrees.
“I’m sorry to hear that, Peter,” Dr. Fieldstone continues, her voice laced with sympathy. “So you’re worried about him?”
They barely acknowledged one another that first week. Tony spent most of his time taking apart his armour, Steve’s comm device, their phones, the wireless radio, and the TV, attempting to build and modify the communications devices that they had available to them so they could get in contact with the rest of the team or SHIELD. Although this task did not take an entire week to accomplish, and Tony suspected that Steve knew that too, it proved to be a helpful excuse.
They sat down to dinner together as they had done so many times before, Steve gently setting aside the various bits and pieces that had been the result of Tony’s tinkering to set the table.
Tony feels so happy he thinks he might explode like a supernova in outer space. “Yeah! Let’s be friends.”
Steve arrives at the basement of the Mansion, mentally pausing to take in the frantic flurry of activity around him. It seemed as if the entirety of SHIELD was down here, various agents glued to holoscreens as others barked into small hand-held devices. What usually is an empty, dimly lit room has now turned into a scene from a spy movie, with bright, blue screens lighting up every corner and everyone in the room wearing some form of skin tight, black attire.
Tony startles, all thoughts of Sleepless in Seattle completely fleeing from his mind as he struggles to process this new information. “Maybe you should’ve started with that.”
That’s where things had started to get weird. Dulquer started to mention that he kept hearing the chiming of bells, like the ones attached to the doors of the stores that they’d just passed to alert the workers inside when a customer walked in. They’d pause and turn around, but there would be nobody there. Then he began to ask Rachel if she was seeing it. She kept asking what, what was he seeing and where, could he describe it to her? Dulquer began to get more and more frantic, the desperation more than evident in his panicked voice as he pointed something out in the distance, something that he described very loosely as the outline of a person, but with nothing inside of it.
Tony snickers, shaking his head in disbelief and wondering just how far this woman was willing to go with this poor man. He leans forward against the steering wheel, keeping an eye on the road and an ear glued to the interesting proceedings happening on air.
There were at least three coffee pots sitting out on the table, two of them half empty and the third being guzzled straight from the pot, still steaming, by Bucky, who looked very unhappy to be there so early in the morning. The table was even more of a mess than it had been when Steve had left it last night, but he noticed that someone had graciously removed the wrappers and boxes that they hadn’t gotten rid of the night before. There were plates of eggs, very fragile-looking towers of pancakes, and small puddles of maple syrup slowly seeping toward the bottom rims of glasses to inevitably leave behind resilient stains on the table.
At first, neither of them had noticed. They were on the ground in front of the roaring fireplace, entranced in a rousing game of bridge after discovering that it was the only card game that they both agreed on the rules - Steve having played it countless times with the other soldiers during the war and Tony having learnt it from none other than Peggy and Jarvis.
“We need to get out of here,” Steve said, sitting up and looking for where he had dropped his shield. Tony merely turned around with a smirk, although Steve could see the thinly veiled terror in his eyes.
His vision goes a little blurry and he’s all choked up when the front door opens and Steve walks inside.
“What’s with the omelette, Stark?” Clint asked at one point, reaching across the table for seconds, just barely avoiding Natasha’s swat as he grabbed the last couple pieces of bacon.
The next morning, Tony finds himself stuck in three back to back meetings that his ever-so frighteningly competent assistant forces him to attend. He nearly falls asleep during two and a half of them, but by some godly miracle, Pepper glares at him enough to keep him awake for the duration of all of them. Why do all of these stuffy old men think that grey-scale graphs would be the way to win them over? Would it really pain them to add just a splash of colour for the benefit of their long-suffering boss?
Drumming his fingers against the wheel, Tony flips through radio stations, hoping to find something that would get him out of his weird mood. He briefly listens to the drone of infomercials, advertising things like super-absorbent sponges or smoothie blenders that could puree absolutely anything so you wouldn’t have to chew a morsel, all announced in a most annoying chirpy voice.
A spotlight suddenly went careening past them to the centre of the dance floor, cueing the crowd to part in half.
“Hey! My omelette is great. It’s just….a work in progress,” Tony defended even as he flushed at the scrutiny he and his omelette were currently receiving. Steve coughed to hide his laugh, but judging from the betrayed glare Tony sent him, he wasn’t being as discrete as he’d thought.
“Aren’t they?” Tony wondered, somehow willing his face not to turn as red as the lights flashing around them as Steve Rogers approached them, slowly pushing through the grinding bodies, his hand intertwined with the redhead’s. They stopped briefly as Nat reached out to grab a bottle of beer and tip it back into her mouth, throwing her head back, to the hoots and hollers of the guys gathered in a group nearby.
“My first thought was that this can’t be as easy as solving a weird puzzle in the floor. Whoever, or whatever is keeping us here doesn’t seem to be interested in letting us out that quickly.”
That first letter had quickly been followed by several text messages sent to the burner phone that Tony would never admit to carrying around with him, followed by another letter which had contained yet another beat-around-the-bush, bullshit caricature of an apology. Tony was sure Steve would use this as another opportunity to clear his conscience and make sure that Tony had forgiven him and his best bud so that they can fuck off together.
“What? You better not be tryin’ to cheat, Pete, ‘cause I can tell,” she tells him, giving him a stern look from over her cards.
Clint jolts out of bed to grab his bow and arrows resting on the wall next to his bed. He calls out for Natasha but hears no reply, so he runs towards the elevator assuming that she had probably gone down already.
“We haven’t lost them yet, Steve,” Tony reassured him, though his words sounded hollow even to himself. “We don’t know what happened to them. Hell, maybe they’re half out of their minds looking for us.”
“Do you think—?” Steve asked hopefully, already crouched by the complicated device, his fingers hovering over the dials but looking over his shoulder for Tony’s okay.
“Um, yeah sure, if you still want to,” he replies, taking out his phone and typing something in quickly, ducking his head to take a sip of his steaming coffee. “It starts in fifteen. I’ll meet you up on the roof?”
“Touching down in thirty seconds,” Tony said to him, the sound of his voice nearly startling Steve out of his grasp entirely. Steve nodded an affirmative to let him know that he’d heard, finally glancing at the Iron Man mask that retained its impassive stare straight ahead.
Steve’s attention is promptly redirected when Tony shifts again -- right into Steve’s lap. He rubs his cold nose against Steve’s collarbone and arches his back, his joints popping in response to being coiled up for so long.
“Quit flirting, you two. Figure out how to stop this thing, then we can do the whole kissing in the tree schtick,” Black Widow manages to gets out in between weaving through the giant suit’s legs and wrapping an EMP bomb around it.
“As much as that display destroyed every ounce of confidence I had in this team,” Fury started, his eye glaring at each of them individually to no effect at all. “Let’s get started, shall we?”
“Well, I’ve got sitting around and trying not to think about impending doom on my to-do list, but I think I can move some things around to watch Matthew McConaughey’s cute butt floating around in a black hole,” Tony said with a grin of his own, lifting up to relocate his ass to the plush loveseat behind him.
He looked up, startled, just in time to see Natasha slink into the room and slide into the chair across from him.
“Hey, hey. Steve. Buddy, you’re okay. We’re in the middle of bumfuck Canada. You’re not alone. I’m here, I got you.” It was Tony. Steve felt warm, calloused hands tightly grasp his own and when all he could see were dark spots, Steve felt two strong arms wrapping around him, pulling him towards a solid chest. He felt something circular and hard push into the middle of his own chest as he slumped into the embrace.
“If I remember correctly, it got your ass to bed, didn’t it?” Steve replied, his twitching lips teasing a larger smile.
“Cap, we’re just as baffled as you are,” Widow speaks to him calmly from the other end. “Tony Stark was last seen in a cab possibly heading to Stark Tower for a Board Members meeting, according to Pepper Potts, his personal assistant, but he never arrived there. He plotted his destination via his AI, JARVIS, but all communications and tracking systems that we tried have failed. We’re thinking this is the work of one of his rival tech companies, namely Hammer Tech, who has engaged in violence against Stark in the past.”
“You’re worried about tomorrow.” It wasn’t a question and she didn’t ask it as one. Her eyes were piercing, but Tony could see the exhaustion glazing them over.
Steve read to him sometimes, Tony curled up at one end of the couch and Steve tucked into the opposite corner. Their socked feet would meet and tangle in the middle underneath the blanket and Tony would leech onto the warmth that Steve’s body and voice provided.
A light was flicked on, and Steve nearly whirled around, his shield aloft. Tony had backed away a few steps, his gauntleted arms held up as he pointed to the light switch on the wall to Steve’s right.
His phone had begun to vibrate at increasingly shorter intervals and at alarming intensity, but he was determined to leave with a donut from Randy’s Donuts, because he wasn’t here for the crappy, fake ethically sourced shit that Starbucks had to offer. Tony decided that if he showed up late with a whole box of donuts for everyone, he would probably be forgiven with minimal grovelling on his part.
SHIELD director, Nick Fury takes one look at them through the holoscreen and decides they can have the debrief first thing tomorrow morning. Steve despairs, because he’d promised he’d spend the day with Peter, but he can’t exactly bring that up as a complaint. They arrive at SHIELD headquarters where they all go their own ways, some to retire to the available quarters upstairs, and others preparing for a second Helicarrier journey to go home.
The others are sprawled in various positions all over what must be the most comfortable couch ever manufactured in this new world Steve has been thrown into. The low glass table that sits atop the fuzzy white rug that Thor had insisted on buying when they’d spent an entire futile day at Ikea, is littered with empty coffee mugs, an abandoned bowl of popcorn, and Mjolnir. Of course.
“Good times,” Bucky added with that familiar gleam in his eyes, snickering as he reached into the box for another slice. “You should’ve seen the look on his face, Stevie. Fucking entitled pile of dicks.”
Pepper shakes her head at him, clearly not falling for the ruse. “Yeah, sure Tony. By the way, I think Obadiah’s dealing our weapons under the table,” she says, her eyes on the remnants of her sandwich as she pops the last bit into her mouth.
“Always, Shellhead,” Steve replies, a grin coming across his severely cut up face when Iron Man swoops down to pick him up. Steve adjusts his stance on the armour’s back so that he is more secure and hangs on for the ride, as smooth as ever.
“Yeah?” The boys says, turning to look at Tony properly. He’s very small and his eyes are very blue.
When his dad finally leaves, MJ’s mom refills their popcorn and goes into the kitchen to make chili, she tells them. Peter is invited to stay for dinner, and he says yes even though his dad promised to come back for dinner, because MJ’s mom made the best chili.
Thor climbs into bed, carefully arranging the soft duvet cover over himself before he leans over to retrieve his cellular device from the nightstand. He clumsily fiddles with it, his big thumbs still getting used to working the tiny yet incredible device, until the screen unlocks, revealing the background consisting of Jane’s beautiful features that he had set with the great help of Natasha.
Thor doesn't dare to make any sudden moves, lest he spurs the thing into an unwarranted attack. He stops at what he deems to be a safe distance away from it, and observes carefully.
When he was younger, he’d believed in fighting for his country, not because he believed it was good, but because he knew they could be better. He still believed in that fight, but as long as they were operating under the big guys, they weren’t gonna come out of it on the right side.
“Yes, but he is very purple, it’s important that you know. So, Loki came here for the Tesseract, yes? In it, was the space stone, which has like, powers and things. There are other stones, but I’m not sure how many. But the reality stone, which is more of an angry sludge thing, was in Asgard briefly, and kind of—went in my girlfriend, Jane—”
Thor bids them all a very good night and departs once again, presumably to return his brother back to wherever he’s been exiled to. The rest of them pile into the Helicarrier that awaits them, somehow managing to avoid the press, but perhaps only because it’s so late at night. They all slump on the benches inside, every one of them desperate to take off their masks, but unable to because none of their identities had been revealed yet due to SHIELD protocol.
“What stone are you talking about, Thor?” Bruce asked, the little dot on the screen blinking red showing that they were fast approaching the location, in between them.
“Doesn’t that make it all the more terrifying?” Steve asked, his fingers gripping the book in his grasp so tightly that Tony was afraid he’d rip it apart without even trying.
“Hey, kids. Having fun I hope?” Mr. Stone asked, the smirk evident in his voice as he eyed the way Ty’s arm was wrapped around Tony’s waist. Ty returned his slimy grin, tightening his grip around Tony, as if to show his father the prize he’d won, before letting go completely.
It was so overwhelming that Tony found himself pushing the wooden stool back and clambering out of it, his feet moving towards Steve of their own accord. He opened his mouth, but nothing happened. Steve, taking pity on him, had pushed a bowl of tiny cherry tomatoes into his hands.
“Funny how the tables turn. Remember when it used to be you who nagged us into eating three full meals a day?” Sam smirked, playfully checking Steve’s shoulder as he passed by.
Mr. Stone walked toward them just as Ty was aggressively signalling the dancers to stop, by slashing the tips of his fingers against his throat, furiously mouthing at them to cut it out.
“I’m going to assume everyone here wants coffee?” Steve asks, raising his voice to be heard over the commotion, opening the nearest cabinet and pulling out his favourite mug.
“Actually, I’ve gotta excuse myself. I’m in charge of the games tonight,” Ty explained, making to leave, before turning to look at Tony again. “Would you like to help me get things set up?”
The boy looks surprised to see Tony’s hand held out like that, but he slowly fits his hand into Tony’s and shakes it. His grip is not firm like Tony’s Dad said it should be so that people take him seriously, and the boy’s hand is sweaty.
Bucky turned to give him a worried glance, and Tony desperately hoped he could at least get to look inside before he was kicked out. “Your parents would kill me.” Tony scoffed at that; there was very little that he could do with his parents’ approval so that didn’t really phase him.
They’d ended up falling asleep huddled together on the couch after watching The Empire Strikes Back and laughing about how Peter had called it “that really old movie” and that one time Tony had treated a very horrified but also pleasantly surprised Steve to the infamous golden bikini outfit adorned by Princess Leia on his second birthday that they’d spent together as a couple.
“Hey there, bud,” he says, holding his coffee close to his chest so DUM-E can’t knock it over onto himself. “You don’t think I’m a monster, do you?” The robot whirs at his words, eager at recognizing sounds rather than understanding a syllable of what Tony is saying.
“You listened to that?” Steve asks incredulously, very deliberately choosing not to think about the fact that the entire town knew it was him on the radio.
“If I promise you a morning blowjob, will you let me sleep?” Steve mumbles, his breath hot against the back of Tony’s neck.
As if on cue, the black midnight sky above the sparkling lights of Manhattan is illuminated with the jagged lines of blinding lightning. Thunder claps with a deafening boom, drowning out the sound of the fight occurring on the ground.
Hoping that Stark wouldn’t have too much need for the odd machine, Thor smashes it with Mjolnir a few more times just for good measure, and then promptly turns to go back to bed. His pleasant mood had admittedly been ruined by the object of insanity, but he would go to sleep and start the new day as a clean slate.
Thor inches closer to it, his curiosity getting the best of him. His mind helpfully relays him a faint memory of Loki’s whole snake deception, but he casts that thought away.
“Wasn’t it like, an international thing last time?” Bucky interjected with a confused frown of his own as the two of them attempted to figure out the technicalities of the various combinations of boobs who had been in pursuit of Steve for the last four years or so.
The sound of Steve’s voice almost made him stop for a second. Even though the idea of having the worst conversation of his life that he really didn’t want to have with the infuriating man who unfortunately still held the position as the love of Tony’s life, made him want to jump off the top of his Tower without the suit on, he still missed Steve like crazy.
She turns the full heat of her glare onto Steve, who immediately shuts up. There is no way they’re getting out of this without the reports either showing up miraculously or them finding Clint’s body in a dumpster tomorrow morning.
“I have to admit, this man does seem interesting,” Steve says, handing the letter back to Peter. “But lots of people like the Dodgers, Pete. It’s not just us, you know. Your Uncle Buck loves the Dodgers, that doesn’t mean I’d fall in love with him.”
Pepper narrows her eyes in suspicion before shaking her head at him, her red ponytail swinging as she finally cracks and moves the offending stack of files over a bit so she can perch at the edge of Tony’s desk. She sets down her own papers and toes off her heels, crossing one leg over the other.
Thor smiles at the image of Jane’s smiling face, and sends her a quick message relaying the most important elements of his day. It was a tradition Thor had learned quickly during his time on Midgard, as the question that most people tended to ask him was “how was your day”.
‘This particular polymer structure is great for flexibility, which was obviously what I wanted it for most.’ He says, glasses perched on his nose and eyes earnest, ‘But, I guess I must of overlooked it’s other qualities. It disintegrates easily under higher temperature and when I’m taking a lot of fire damage out there, well, you saw it today.’
They all have their own personal little post-fight rituals anyway. Clint likes to repair any damage to his bow, Natasha likes to sit alone in silence, Bruce hides in his lab, Tony eats himself silly and Thor downs buckets of fresh beer like he’s preparing for a shortage.
‘I’m honestly fine, Bruce.’ Steve says gently, handing the flask back politely and looking out over the city, ‘In fact, I’m actually enjoying the time off.’
From his desk, Bruce looks up and regards Steve for a few long moments, his stare almost like a physical touch, before he laughs kindly and shakes his head.
Dr Doom lets out a pitiful little moan and seems to be beginning to stir again. Steve sits down heavily on his shiny metal chest in retaliation and admires Tony darting gracefully away through the air.
Leaning against the railings, the golden sun shining on his face, Tony watches Steve contemplatively, seemingly a little thrown by the uncharacteristic display of blatant flirting from the supersoldier.
‘Yeah, what the fuck guys?’ Clint agrees, ‘Also, is that Pepper’s priceless, hand-blown Venetian vase smashed to bits on the floor? It better not be, or I hope neither of you two were overly fond of living.’
The robot ricochets through the air across the park in a shower of sparks and lightning before tangling in the thick branches of an oak tree and loudly bursting in to flames.
Steve stands rooted to his spot on the floor by the door. Honestly, he was sort of expecting more of an argument with the billionaire before they got round to any of the important stuff.
‘Chill, Picasso. Mi casa su casa.’ Tony soothes, placing an icy glass of tonic water, frothy with a thick wedge of lime, down next to the easel and gesturing for Steve to take a sip, ‘I don’t mind you guys being up here. At least someone other than the pigeons finally gets to enjoy this place. Sun worship isn’t really my style.’
At the sound of the door closing behind him, they both jump and look over to Steve quickly, Johnny’s face melting in to a cocky smirk and Tony’s going uncharacteristically pale.
He was mischievous, funny, confident, brash and arrogantly-charming. He made friends everywhere he went, could hold his own in a fight and he was rakishly inappropriate most of the time.
More surprisingly, S.H.I.E.L.D doesn’t seem to want the Avengers for anything nefarious either and Charles Xavier had assured Steve on the phone that his X-men were more than capable of handling anything crazy that might happen in the next few weeks on the east coast.
So, God bless Dr Doom! If he wasn’t such a complete jerk-off, Steve might even thank him for helping to cheer everyone up.
‘It would appear as though The Pentagon is under attack from hostile alien creatures that experts are calling ‘space witches’. Currently, the Avengers are on the scene, but it is unclear how long this skeleton team can hold out against—’
Without even registering it, Steve picks up another mug from the sideboard and throws it full pelt at the wall by Tony’s head.
So, Steve is capitalising on the rare gift of peace in order to practice his watercolour skills, something he hasn’t been able to spend as much time on as he wanted to since leaving art school.
Steve didn’t really quite understand that last one and Tony had passed out face down in his bed before he’d had a chance to ask, but to all of the other claims about Tony, he will willingly agree.
‘JARVIS?’ Steve says, sharply shaking himself from the memories and hurriedly clearing the plates away.
know that none of what’s honest and decent about you came out of any damn bottle and if someone can’t see that, well, then they ain’t worth a red cent anyway. Now look, quit moping around, I’m here on vacation and you’re making me really depressed.’
Bruce can use machines Tony doesn’t have the patience or skills for and he’s the only one who can usually put Tony right if a project he’s working on is going off the rails. Steve enjoys seeing them collaborate, but he usually feels out of place and a bit envious of their easy intelligence when they do so. Plus, it’s not often they invite him to the lab to join them, so the invitation tonight is a bit of a surprise.
‘Apologies.’ Steve Replies, dusting off his  uniform and picking up his shield, ‘Guess I got a little carried away.’
Pepper assures Steve multiple times over the phone, that contrary to his constant moaning and threats to kick Bruce out the team for his treachery, Tony actually really likes Richards and respects him. The pair have known each other for years and just like to occasionally engage in the type of semi-unhealthy, egotistical competition that seems to be rife among every scientist Steve has ever met.
‘Uhh, how about the reason why I’m suddenly persona non grata, when frankly, I don’t actually remember doing anything to deserve it this time.’ Tony retorts snappishly, crossing his arms over his chest.
‘He’s my guest, Tony.’ Bruce interjects exasperatedly, though there’s a slightly evil, teasing glint in his eyes, ‘I’m in desperate need of solving this polymer problem and Reed has kindly offered to help me.’
Even back in his army days, Steve was never the guy to talk crude in the mess hall or whistle out obscenities at the nurses. Bucky used to say that he was too damn catholic for his own good, but Steve disagrees. It’s got nothing to do with being catholic, it’s just got everything to do with being shy.
They’re talking quietly to each other, something that even with his sensitive hearing, Steve can’t quite make out. Storm must say something amusing though, because Tony suddenly chuckles and slaps him on the side of the ass in reprimand.
that occasionally - when curiosity takes them, when they’re bored or when they're particularly emotional -  guys like to experiment with their own sort a little.
Its the start of August, NYC is sweltering and sluggish, but neither Tony or Reed seem to let that phase them as they drag their new fabrics in to the product-testing phase.
(Even after all this time, talking to Pepper still feels like he is talking to one of the razor-sharp administration girls, from the MI5 office in London, during the war - like she can somehow smell his secrets down the phone line.)
was most days starting to seriously think about how much paint thinner he’d actually have to imbibe if he actually wanted to get truly shit-faced drunk. Which, according to Bruce’s calculations, was really quite a lot!
‘Oh, Jesus.’ Tony mumbles, letting go of Steve’s shoulder and standing up abruptly, ‘Doesn’t he ever do as he’s fucking told?’
‘I believe it was a name that Mr Stark chose while inebriated.’ JARVIS explains, sounding almost disapproving, ‘Sir is notorious for giving unflattering nicknames to the data profiles of those he has terminated relationships with.’
(It’s been a while since he’s seen the billionaire after all and gosh darn it, doesn’t he just get devilishly handsomer by the day, Steve is so totally screwed!!)
‘It’s a landing pad for the suit, not a sun-deck, Romanov.’ Tony scolds her, handing over an icy Aperol spritz, ‘You kids have no respect for other people’s property. I mean, who breaks in to a multi-million dollar apartment just to sunbathe?’
Even Tony himself once told Steve, while the latter was carrying his incredibly inebriated team-mate up to his apartment after a Stark Industries gala, ‘People think that the phrase ‘‘problematic’’ is supposed to upset me, Stevie. It doesn’t though, it’s like waaaay too tame. Reality is like . . . if there was a blueprint for ‘problematic’, I’d be the next model up, you know. Imma be like a boss fight for ‘problematic’. If Godzilla and Einstein had a baby and that baby was really sexy, but also a total douchebag, I’d probably be it!’
There’s only so long you can try to be secretly angry - for petty, ridiculous reasons - at Tony Stark before Tony
‘Yes.’ Steve nods as Tony waves him to take a seat on the sofa, ‘I don’t think I’ll ever get tired of bathing in this time.’
Sam had once said conversationally to Steve over burritos, ‘You know, if Tony ever got zapped by gamma radiation like that Banner guy did, I bet whatever would come outta him would probably make The Hulk pee his pants.’
‘Captain Rogers?’ JARVIS asks politely, when he is out of the shower and drying himself off with one of the big, fluffy towels Tony’s housekeeping always provides for him.
‘Desperate, I get.’ Tony rolls his eyes, stalking up close to the counter and stealing a big gulp of Bruce’s green tea right from the mug in the doctor’s hands and then grimacing afterwards, ‘C’mon though, cher Banner, if you’re going to cheat on me with another scientist, can’t it be with anyone else
‘Pull the other one, Captain Idiot, I’ve known you were hot for cats as well as dames since you were in short trousers. Hell,
‘I’m really starting to regret this.’ Bruce glowers at Tony, shaking his head and spinning the holographic image around to look at it from another angle.
‘I’m afraid I don’t quite follow you now, ma’am.’ Steve replies, wrapping the phone cord absentmindedly around his fingers.
‘Well, thanks. I’m surprised you still had room in that big, old head of yours to waste on me.’ Steve mutters, turning away.
Steve, who is eating a bland bowl of granola in the communal kitchen and definitely not watching the news of Dr Doom’s explosive escape from S.H.I.E.L.D captivity, ignores her.
Steve hadn’t heard much about the Human Torch on the S.H.I.E.L.D grapevine before, but what he had done, mostly from Clint, had led him to believe that though apparently a little hot-headed and arrogant at times, Johnny was essentially a stand-up guy.
quickly clear, that Tony’s intense interest in winning the wager and beating Reed Richards, meant that he was now in full crazy-engineer mode. His focus fixed entirely on Johnny and the problem at hand.
Which, okay, that’s the man he loves and Steve can handle it a little less, but what really makes it hard is . . .
‘I think they used to be sweethearts too.’ Steve nods, ‘Kinda stings that he might get to shoot his shot twice when I haven’t even loaded mine.’
‘Bye, cheater.’ Tony calls after them, as Bruce and Richards put their cups in the dishwasher and head towards the elevator, ‘Call me when you need my help.’
Steve doesn’t have to watch Tony blush when Johnny calls him a genius or strokes his cheek and Coulson doesn’t have to explain to Fury why the leader of the Avengers punched the Human Torch out the 78th storey window of Stark Tower during team brunch.
‘What on earth does Bucky have to do with this?’ Steve hisses, taking a menacing step forward, ‘Leave him out of it.’
Steve is blind-sided by this information and for a moment doesn’t know how to reply. Somehow, through the ether, Pepper must know this too, because she continues softly:
‘Oh I have every faith in you, Captain.’ Pepper coos sweetly, her tone going surprisingly playful, ‘If anyone can get through to Tony, it’ll be you.’
know, is that Reed Richards has taken a special interest in the process for some reason and become a permanent fixture in Bruce’s lab over the past few weeks.
Tony is a genius, billionaire, playboy and philanthropist. Which alone, should be an unstable enough of a combination to make anyone looking for a serious, grounded relationship run a mile.
‘Try telling that to the other guy,’ Bruce sighs heavily, ‘and don’t eat in my lab. What kind of damn scientist are you?’
‘Coming from you.’ The guys grins, his fiery blue eyes full of mischief, ‘Nice to meet you both, I’m Johnny Storm.’
Thor swears in colourful Asgardian and darts back out through the glass to throw himself at the doombot in a blinding flash of sapphire-blue lightening.
Oh, there was nothing majorly wrong. Johnny was just every bit the daredevil he was rumoured to be and more.
‘I think I prefer ‘inventor’.’ Steve corrects teasingly, cleaning his brush off in a jam-jar of misty water and fixing Tony with what he
to return from being a fugitive, to go traipsing throughout the galaxy with him and save half of the life in the universe.
To make matters worse, Johnny Storm and Reed Richards have also been asked to fill in with the other Avengers while the pair of them are gone. Meaning that, for the first time since Thanos, a set of superhero units are joining together officially and neither Tony nor Steve are there to witness it (read: mastermind it like the pair of obsessive control-freaks they are).
‘You crack me up sometimes, Cap.’ He chuckles, pausing for a moment and then turning serious, ‘We have got to talk though.’
‘Not a lot.’ Tony answers, smirking slightly, ‘Mostly, that I definitely liked cock just as much as I liked tits and that flame-retardant bed sheets are a must for any relationship.’
Steve feels his own breath hitch without meaning to and he tries desperately to prevent a delighted shiver from running across his skin, his mind both fully aware that Natasha is still somewhere nearby
‘I told you about the counter-system in order to help you. But, I think that when you’ve lost track of the amount of times that you’ve reset your crush-counter to zero this month, it’s time to start looking at alternatives.’ Bruce states sensibly, typing something briskly on his keyboard and aiming for nonchalance when he continues, ‘Nat says that UST between you two these days is like . . . almost a whole physical entity. Ever thought about just maybe letting it happen instead of fighting it?’
‘Put it this way,’ Pepper says darkly, ‘the last time Johnny Storm came around, he cost SI over $100,000 in legal fees and lost us a good two months of productivity while Tony drowned his sorrows in Vegas.’
Not even bothering to answer, Steve hoists Tony quickly up in to his arms, wrapping the billionaire’s legs firmly around his waist before the other even has time to complain.
Nick Fury had once apparently, while unusually drunk on spiked punch at a S.H.I.E.L.D Christmas party, told an amused Clint that ‘If it came down to ‘fuck, marry, kill’ for Stark, Romanov and Danvers. I’d marry Danvers, ditch the fuck and kill that Stark motherfucker twice.’
‘I, umm, well, I—’ Steve begins, wringing the piece of paper he’s still holding between his hands, ‘I wanted to ask, no, I wanted to say . . . that I. . . uhh.’
‘Just setting the mood.’ Tony drawls, tossing a spanner between his smoke-blackened hands agitatedly, ‘You see, I
some second-hand confirmation that they’ve tried to resolve their issues like grown-ups, instead of throwing things around like ‘stupid, useless, two year-old motherfuckers’ as he so eloquently puts it.
‘Too dated.’ Steve declines, standing up from the sofa and walking slowly over to where the billionaire sits.
There’s only so long you can wallow in angry self-pity at a perceived betrayal - by the man you not-so secretly love, though you had no intention of telling him, so is it really even a betrayal after all? - before people start calling you out on it.
So, yeah, Steve and Tony are benched for a month. With a further outrageously cruel caveat, that neither of them can actually return to active duty until they each sign a confirmation document that the
Clint and Natasha reckon it’s just a new symptom of the raging case of chronic UST that’s been going on between the pair of them for years, but Steve himself isn’t so sure.
For once, the memories don’t even hurt. Steve simply lets them amalgamate with the current taste of traffic fumes in the breeze, the smell of sun cream on Natasha’s skin as she lounges on a bench nearby and the sound of Tony noisily preparing cocktails at his bar inside the apartment, swearing at himself that there isn’t enough lemon.
or something, are you? Cos I can assure you, things have changed since you were iced-up. I mean, I was in Berlin briefly in the mid 90s and geez Louise, you ain’t never seen so much—’
Which, seeing as Steve is still cripplingly embarrassed and avoiding all Stark contact like the plague and Tony has no interest in being on the same floor of the tower yet, let alone in the same room as the supersoldier, has been rather a slow project to get off the ground.
‘You’re a useless scientist for one.’ Bruce says darkly, though not darkly enough for any of them to be worried.
‘The NYC Pavement River.’ Pepper snaps, ‘In fact, why don’t you just take a look out the window actually; look down towards the set of traffic lights directly in front of the tower.’
‘Tony, honey, you wound me. I came out all this way, cos you asked me to help you and this is what I get. Aren’t you even going to introduce me to your very attractive, if also very terrifying, entourage?’ The guy teases, waggling his fingers at them in a playful wave.
‘As you wish, Captain.’ JARVIS says neutrally, ‘Please wait one moment while I formulate an essential data summary from the file: Crazy Sheet-Destroying Bastard Never Text.’
Silence falls between them for a few moments and the hum of machinery and the computer mouse clicking starts almost to lull Steve to sleep.
‘Hey, Captain Handsome!’ the familiar voice echoes throughout the bathroom, ‘I saw you on the news earlier, very dashing and patriotic, even Fury shed a manly tear during the debrief video call. Although, that may of been after he saw the bill for the damage to Central Park. Anyhow, we ate dinner without you and now everyone’s gone to do whatever illegal things they do when they aren’t fighting crime. So, it’s just you and your Chinese leftovers, I’m afraid. Nat put them in your fridge for you. If the crippling loneliness gets too much however, Brucie Bear and I have retired down to his lair to work on a little problem, come say hi if the dim sum isn’t good company. Ciao, Capitano.’
Further still, Steve was in the army, he went travelling across the USA with the USO and he was also briefly in art school. He
a ridiculous side-project and I really wish Tony and Reed would grow up sometimes. I actually meant Johnny.’
‘I really kinda do actually.’ Bucky chuckles, his ruffling turning softer, becoming more of a comforting caress through Steve’s short, blonde spikes, ‘Listen though, Stevie, you aren’t torn up about this fella because you think it’s . . .
‘I understand you humans ill, Captain.’ Thor sighs, ‘Love should be the sweetest of all emotions, should it not?’
‘F-fellas.’ Steve stammers, shock and rage blotting whatever he had been going to say completely from his mind.
‘I mean it, go home, Tony.’ Steve interrupts him, trying not to laugh, ‘You and the team can stand down, I’ve got this.’
to take it further with Tony.’ he says eventually, head dropping in to his hands, ‘After everything that happened . . . I got hints maybe that we could, but, it just never felt  like the right time. So, I made peace with it. Figured it’d just always stay a maybe. But then, this guy,
Natasha thinks they’re all idiots and Bruce seems to just be happy that no one has asked him to do anything that might mean he’d have to leave the polymer work in his lab.
Steve doesn’t get back to the Tower until nearly five hours after the other Avengers leave the scene of the Dr Doom fight.
‘Don’t talk about things you don’t understand then.’ Steve bellows back, tossing another cup at him, ‘You don’t know anything about Bucky, Tony, you’ll never know how much he’s done for me.’
‘You’re lucky I’m not wearing my suit, firecrotch. Then you’d really get a warm welcome.’ Tony glares, but Steve is shocked to see that he slips his arm around the guy’s waist in return anyway.
‘I’m sorry.’ Steve mumbles quickly, feeling like he’s teetering on the edge of a dizzying precipice with no safety harness, ‘I can’t seem to think straight right now, because I’m . . . too in love with you.’
In a farce of the game ‘telephone’, that Steve used to play as a child, Fury tells Coulson, Coulson tells Clint, Clint tells Natasha, Natasha tells Bruce and Bruce tells Pepper, who then tells Steve, that Tony is neglecting his consultancy work for S.H.I.E.L.D.
(After he’s finished righteously pummelling the good doctor’s creepy face in with his shield of course!)
‘Damn it, I’m sorry, Buck’ Steve sighs, catching the fruit in mid air, ‘I don’t mean to be a jerk, I just gotta lot on my mind these last few days is all.’
He skilfully hovers the Iron Man suit just meters above the park’s footpath as he goes, using the repulsors to push some of the worst of the smouldering metal detritus back on to the grass. When Tony reaches a little patio clearing with a lamppost, he swings happily around it Gene Kelly style, turning briefly back to give Steve a little salute, before he’s off again in a flash of red and gold.
‘Speaking of Natasha,’ Steve retorts, ignoring his advice, ‘ever thought about asking her out on a real date instead of hiding away in your lab?’
Horrifically, Steve can feel himself blushing. An embarrassing tell that he’s had since long before the serum and has never been able to shake whenever
Just as Tony shouts lasciviously over Bruce’s shoulder, ‘Tell Maid Marion, that if he’s never seen a man before, he’s more than welcome to come up to my room sometime and I’ll give him a full scientific demonstration.’
Apparently, the mass spectrometer incident was just one in a long line of destruction Tony has caused to Richards’ lab equipment and in retaliation Mr Fantastic is having his revenge by flexing his superior knowledge of carbon-based material development in Iron Man’s face.
Tony, like a shark smelling blood in the water, instantly notices the dusting of pink on his cheeks and bursts in to raucous fits of lecherous laughter.
‘Yes. He apparently asked Bruce whether ‘Friend Anthony’ had done something to offend ‘Noble Captain America’s’ honour again and whether he should start to prepare for another duel.’
shockingly turn out to be the burning body of a man, flying almost directly towards the terrace in a halo of light, before dipping out of orbit and pitching down on the Iron Man landing deck with a burst of heat and fire.
‘That was the name of the file that Mr Storm’s profile has been saved under by Mr Stark.’ JARVIS says.
If there’s a god out there and he’s not related to Thor in some way, he really seems to hate Steve this week.
When he catches sight of Steve, also freshly showered and stepping out the apartment elevator, he greets him with a soft, slightly apprehensive smile.
‘Wait for me.’ Bruce calls after him, throwing his tablet down and sprinting towards the exit at breakneck speed.
The streak of light moves closer, so close that Steve can actually hear the roaring crackle of flames. On closer inspection, it
‘Tony,’ Steve says gently gathering the man up in to his arms and kissing the top of his dark curls, ‘you know I don’t expect anything from you.’
Steve is happy and for a moment the knowledge shocks him, before it’s washed away by the contentment lapping at his heart and he doesn’t think about it anymore.
, Tony’s big brown eyes and his unique charm unknowingly made the very same supersoldier question everything he ever thought he knew about himself and his heart after coming
likes to flirt with Steve, whose more reserved than the others about those sorts things and who Tony seems to like to make squirm as much as humanly possible.
To say that Nick Fury is a man with little patience for bullshit, is about as much of an understatement as referring to Thanos as being slightly ambitious or the Hulk as being a tad grumpy. Nick Fury is a man who tolerates bullshit with about as much grace as a feral cat tolerates being dunked in a bucket of ice water. That is to say, with copious amounts of hissing, spitting and the potential for those around to lose vital limbs.
was all me.’ Tony laughs humourlessly, ‘You wanna take the blame for anything, take blame for Johnny. Somehow, I don’t think I’ll be high on his list to get back together with anytime soon.’
after Thor had promised him an all-night, Asgardian-Royal-Siblings consolation-fuck with him and Loki as compensation, he had never been so quick to say yes.
‘Cap, this is getting ridiculous, stop being a dick and talk to me.’ Tony demands bluntly, striding confidently through the elevator doors in a flurry of machine-smell and tastefully disheveled wife-beater.
!’ Tony yells, searching around for something else to throw, ‘JARVIS, send my fucking suit up here, I’m going to kick his—’
Steve is all out of whack with his emotions and for the first time, it’s starting to become a problem.
According to Natasha, he and Clint were going to draw straws for the honour, but Thor refused on account that he was over 1000 years older, already a king, apparently more handsome and actually worthy of Mjölnir, thus a better ruler than Hawkeye could ever hope to be, even if it was just for a month.
In fact, almost everyone he met, Steve included, seemed to interest Johnny in some sort of way and he was an outrageous flirt with both men and women alike.
Steve made peace long ago with his decision to stay in this time. Yet, if there’s one thing that he still really misses about his old life,
‘The relationship ended during a holiday to the Caribbean island of Antigua, Captain, after Mr Stark and Mr Storm argued and Mr Storm set fire to the hotel bed.’
Instead, he beats Richards to it first and calls in the Human Torch to be his living, controlled heat variable.
‘Truth and justice will do that to a guy.’ Tony smirks, landing gracefully on the grass and picking stray robot-debris out of the joints of his suit, ‘It’s been a while since we were in the friendly, neighbourhood hero-ing business, I think we’ve all gotten a little heavy handed.’
As far as anyone could tell, when it came to Tony Stark, Johnny Storm and his wandering hands didn’t seem to ever take a break!!
‘It’s about love, isn’t it?’ He murmurs eventually, voice decidedly neutral, ‘You’re all twisted up over some guy, aren’t you?’
Tony was brave enough, clever enough and vibrant enough to make a jaded, nonagenarian supersoldier from the past - who was pretty much emotionally dead inside -  get hot under the collar (with anger, mind you) when they first met.
‘You and Tony still be stubborn asses?’ Natasha asks, face smudged with the ash of a recent fire fight.
Tony’s so busy being monopolised by Storm and his research these days, that he doesn’t even send Steve the heated looks and playful voice messages that he used to do all the time much either.
Crushing on Tony Stark wouldn’t actually be so bad after all, if Tony hadn’t actually started doing this really sexy but infuriating
