And Tony fought...something.
If Steve didn't know any better, he would say that FRIDAY sulked just a bit...
“Ditto,” replied a few of the others.
“Don't focus on that,” said Kairi. “Try and think of something else.”
“I'd like to talk to him, please,” said Steve, softly.
“No.”
The woman, apparently a warrior as well, crossed her arms. Natasha kept an eye on her as well, but still focused mostly on Cullen. “Fix it, Cullen. Isn't this what you do?”
And Natasha could hear that ineuendo a mile away. She stood up just a little, and leaned forward. The table grew quiet, and Bull's eyes turned towards her.
~~ Closed off from love
It didn't help that after both of them denied having a relationship, not a complete lie really, given that they hadn't talked about it yet, demands for Tony to demonstrate, more accusations of the Avengers having too much power, etc...
'Would you fight, attack with all your might?'
(See the end of the chapter for
He froze, not wanting to continue, but not wanting to leave and make Steve believe he wasn't interested.
So FRIDAY grudgingly let Strange in, and then they proceeded to explain the whole thing again to him.
Natasha brought in a few bowls of popcorn, and Steve checked his watch. Almost time for the movie, and, once again, they were missing one member.
“Remember, there's a series, and expansion packs."
Steve moved close, cupping his face with his larger hands, forcing Tony to look up.
Natasha carried the three summoning stones Ramuh gave them. Magic, like a lot of things, seemed to come naturally to her. For her, magic was just another tool to use, to blend into her arsenal of, as Tony liked to say, 'kickassery.' Phoenix remained with him, bound with his keyblade.
Tony, in his esper form, fighting not only the shadows that danced forward and back, slipped around, attacked civilians, like silent assassins, but fighting the image of his father.
“I hate to bother you, Boss,” said FRIDAY, softly, “But there's a lady in the lobby that wants to see you. She says she knows what's going on.”
“Remember why we're doing this, Steve?” asked Tony, sharply.
“I'm more concerned about the leaked information.”
In the corner, staring at him with sharp blue eyes, a man with sunflower hair sat. No doubt, a warrior, with those broad shoulders and height. He sat stiffly in his chair, as if he couldn't relax. Was he a former templar, Tony wondered. And then, to his utter surprise, the stranger gave him a small smile, before standing up, and practiclly marching out the door.
“Of course,” said Pepper, to everyone's surprise. “Just like people can learn your magic, and turn against you.”
“Hey, none of that,” he said, drawing them closer to him.
Steve's shield flew through the hair, hitting Ade in the stomach. Tony's heart clenched, but he only hesitated a moment, plunging the keyblade into the Heartless' chest. Blue eyes looked at him in shock.
“You guys planned this behind our back?” Tony said, giving them a glare, even as he began hacking into the system.
“It's all right,” whispered Steve, stroking Tony's soft, and longer, hair.
Oh, he knew how his chest looked. Runes, carved into his chest, piercings with small runes surrounding the large one that he himself had done.
He should have known better. His mouth always got the better of him.
He keened, rubbing against the scars of previous cuts. He thought they had been accidents, and maybe some of them were, but some looked too deliberate...
Tony winced as he turned his head to the other side. The burning never stopped.
It could be a trap, he realized. But just once, he wanted to be right, to not make the mistake of trusting. He had Natasha, after all, and maybe Vivienne?
“Catch!”
Again.
“Touch him, and I'll cut off your cock faster than you can say 'fuck,'” she said, her eyes not leaving his for a second. There were a few intake of breaths.
Tony moved, snarling, his eyes unfocused, claws striking. Steve stepped forward, not worried that his nails felt like knives cutting into his arms, that his teeth were even sharper.
“And handsome,” added Tony, shuddering as a wave of pain washed over him. “Wonder if it hurt him like this when he got the serum...”
“Each of us will make a choice,” said Steve. “We can learn, or we can let it go. It doesn't change the fact that we remain a team, here. And Tony and the girls will need to learn anyway.”
Tony pushed his hair out of the way, and said, softly, "me, too."
“I want a nickname,” added Anthony. “Something flashy, too. Like Iron Man or something.”
Tony thought of many fights he had been in, and none of them felt quite as surreal as this, even when they fought against Wanda. This was a fight out of a storybook, turned into a horror movie, mixed with an action flick.
“Tony. I prefer Tony.”
“You're crazy,” said Tony, smirking a little. “You really think I have anything? You can't take what I don't have.”
~~My fears, my lies~~
Anger, Tony knew, made people irrational. He could admit that, after time. A person could forgive, but the scars left, and not necessarily the physical, could forever return to ache, to fill the mind with what-ifs, could-haves, should-haves, those longings for just one word different, one action less...
“W-what...?”
“It's nice to meet someone polite,” said Natasha, giving Tony a glare. “You're more like...a Bruce, or something, not a Hulk.”
“Aerith,” came the retort.
So when a messenger came, one of Leliana's spies, to inform her she was needed in the War Room, she took a deep breath, and went to join her teammates.
He was slightly startled when he awoke to the sound of sobbing, apparently laying in his bed.
The two others watched silently, standing to the side. Tony counted, then used his magic to activate the runes...
“About time,” said Hawkeye, and Natasha felt comfortable enough to pinch him. She gave the smallest of smiles when he yelped. Steven sighed.
“I highly doubt everyone will ever fully agree.”
They walked in silence, Natasha looking around her to make sure nobody got ideas, Tony probably lost in ideas of contraptions or runes that he could work on. The merriment in the Herald's Rest only dipped for a second at the presence of the strangers. They said hello to only those who said it first, keeping to themselves. At least that was their plan, until the Chargers seemed to swarm around them. Natasha eyed them, holding her fork as if ready to stab something.
The arguments, the pain of rejection from not just a truly good person, but of his childhood hero, Captain America.
“Yes, oh. So who upset you?”
“My name's Kairi,” said the girl. “Namine went to her room. I'm sorry...”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wow,” said Xion.
Steve looked at him for a moment, then got down onto one knee.
“Because 'Tasha can kick ass,” said Xion.
“Oh.”
They did, silently making their way, but Tony knew that Steve was one persistent asshole, and would eventually catch up, even if he had one flier and a super spy.
“Oh yes, that’s a skill I’ve been perfecting for a while now,” Steve deadpanned, eliciting giggles from both of them.
Tony tilted his head up at Steve, his grin returning. “Thank you,” he said softly, his thumb rubbing over Steve’s knuckles gently.
Steve numbly carried Tony across the battlefield, following the others to a helicopter that had appeared among the wreckage. Nick Fury stood outside the helicopter, his hands clasped together, a solemn look on his face. Steve silently boarded the helicopter behind Pepper. He held Tony throughout the helicopter flight. Holding the lover he would never have.
“It’s 2023, Steve. Is it a different year where you’re from?”
Rhodes sighs, taking in Tony’s resigned state. He’d get nothing more from him tonight, that much was clear. He’d have to try another night.
“Yep, they’ve got us on a tight schedule here,” Jane nodded at him as another student sat down before her.
So, how’s life been for you?” Tony asked while mentally smacking himself for that dumb question. Suave, Stark, Suave, he reminded himself.
“Well, not disintegrating people, but things near them, and if we don’t get out there soon, she may start actually targeting people,” The Iron Man helmet snapped up, covering Tony’s face. “And, as usual, keep everyone updated through the comms.”
A wrinkled
She laughed and nodded. “I can definitely do that,” She grabbed a sponge, dipped it in white face paint and began dabbing at his face. “So, what’s your name? I’m Darcy.”
“Steve!” Tony yelled, but it wasn’t necessary because he saw him now, lying on his side still on that damned roof. Goddammit.
Tony barked out a laugh, feeling oh so great because yeah, that was probably Steve’s one and only memory of him: causing the high school to evacuate. “Okay, that was
, and if he got to dress up and scare the shit out of his classmates, all the better.
does he know your name?” Bruce pursed his mouth, clearly trying to come up with multiple theories as to how Steve came to be in their kitchen.
“Tony?” A confused voice breaks the silence, and the man seems to awaken, turning his head behind him towards the small lamp and the source of the voice.
Tony slaps his left knee as he laughs hysterically. “And how’d I do with protecting you?! Just look at you!” Tony cries, waving his hands at Rhodes’ chair. “I failed in protecting you, and just look, the entire universe just goes and punishes me further by having my best friend reveal that his best friend killed my damn parents.”
Tony sinks back into the cushioned chair and positions it to face Rhodes, who is slightly illuminated by the small glow of the lamp behind him.
At least he had his number. One step at a time, Tony reminded himself as he braced himself to scare more people.
Clint was a fucking contortionist and could balance precariously in a pretzel shape on the top of a small tower of boxes they had. Which was fucking creepy once they turned off the lights and Clint just stared down at people and laughed manically.
Tony stood with the rest of the team. Which meant that he’d been slower in suiting up than the rest of them. Steve opened his mouth to voice an apology but he was cut off by Tony.
“No, no! Nothing’s wrong. Quite the opposite actually,” Steve ran a hand through his hair, chuckling. Now his friends were looking even more confused. Just great. Bucky’s gaze traveled down to the box Steve was carrying, and a look of understanding dawned on his face.
“Heyyy, Steve! I’m Tony, from high school?” Tony grinned at Steve as Jane and Darcy turned around to open some more makeup packages.
He couldn’t hear anything above his own screams and then, as suddenly as the pain had started, it vanished.
Happy led Steve to an empty bedroom in the house where a small box lay on top of a wood table. “Here it is,” Happy motioned to the box. Happy took a deep breath before adding, “Take care of yourself, Steve. We’re gonna miss you.” With that cryptic statement, Happy left the room, closing the door quietly behind him.
“Huh? Yeah?” Tony opened the lid to look at Natasha who was standing in front of him. “There’s still like seven minutes left.”
“Thank you, Sam,” Steve replied, feeling the now familiar mix of sadness and happiness rising in his chest as he watched Sam walk back to where Bucky stood. There was little more to do other than go back to the room Happy had led him to. What had started out as a terrible, morose day had quickly turned into a day that was full of possibilities, and most importantly, hope.
Steve looked down at the man in his arms. The man who he never told how he felt. The man who would never smile at him again, would never look at him again, would never fight alongside again. His friend was gone, and with him, the chance to tell him how much Steve loved him.
“But, what about Bucky? Why not him?”
Steve held the watch for a few seconds in his hand, his heart thudding. Just one press of a button, and Tony would be alive again. What on Earth was he waiting for? Steve took a few deep breaths, trying to calm himself.
“Stay where you are, SHIELD medical is on its way,” Bruce was saying, but Tony couldn’t hear the rest because at that moment, Steve’s nose began to gush dark red blood. A few seconds passed, and then the screams started.
“Will you stay?” Steve asked, his hand once more teaching for Tony’s.
“Really? Like what?” Tony asked, his interest piqued.
“Damn it,” Steve cursed, he had to speed this up before she lost interest in him.
“Tony.” Rhodey barks out, narrowing his eyes at his friend. “You know damn well you’re not fooling me or yourself. Sit back down and talk to me.”
His friends looked at him, their eyebrows knitted together with concern. “Steve, is something wrong? You look really flustered,” Sam exchanged a worried glance with Bucky.
“Yeah?” Steve looked over at Natasha. Realization dawned on his face. “You want me to lift Tony out of the box?”
She was assigned to be the distraction, along with Steve. They were supposed to be on a see-saw, luring the haunted house visitors to look at them. Then, Clint would start laughing and that was Tony’s cue to pop out of his box.
“Then why’re you crying?”
The other man, Rhodey, sighs, shaking his head slowly. “It’s one of those nights, isn’t it?” he asks sagely, taking in Tony’s disheveled state.
“Hey! Next group’s gonna come in soon! Nat, scare Tony’s posse off, would you?” Clint hollered, breaking up the conversation.
“Steve...we need to move Tony,” a gentle voice broke his panicked thoughts. Steve turned his blurring vision to the speaker. Sam stood with a hand on his shoulder, his eyes filled with compassion.
Tony drops his head back down and closes his eyes, once more resuming his motionless position from earlier.
He was made for this. Hell, he should probably consider a side career in acting in horror films. Tony Stark — Horror Extraordinaire.
Tony arrived just as he set down the unconscious man. “This better work, and you better be safe because I don’t know what to do if you leave just as soon as you got here.” Tony sternly warned him, wrapping an armored arm around his waist.
“Oh, isn’t that a brilliant question. You don’t remember how you got here?” Steve shook his head at this and Tony chuckled mirthlessly.
Tony Stark loved Halloween. Loved was probably an understatement, as Tony went
“How’d you know?” Tony gave him an odd look, his eyebrows furrowing together. “Did this happen in your dimension too?”
The official cover story SHIELD had decided to equip him with was much the same as the one Steve had back in his world—he was frozen, and now, thanks to explorers, he was found.
“Oh, I wasn’t sure if he was here as a scare actor; he’s just even hanging around the door the whole time.” The brunette frowned slightly.
“Not that easy.”
Steve rushed to her, yanking her away from the wall. She squirmed violently in his arms as he tried to wake her out of her hallucination. “Bruce! What do I do? She won’t wake!” Steve struggled to hold onto the woman.
“AHHHH!” Tony screeched as he jumped up, flinging the lid of the box open. The group in front of him screamed in terror as they jerked back from where they had been standing.
Luckily Steve didn’t seem fazed by his words, as he gently wrapped his hands under Tony’s arms and lifted him smoothly out of the box. Which was quite impressive considering Tony was not that small of a guy to begin with. But then again, Steve was built with muscles that could rival a Greek god, so Tony wasn’t super surprised.
“I’m pretty sure nobody says that, but I don’t disagree,” Steve smiled and tentatively took Tony’s hand in his. “Now, I don’t know about you, but I’m pretty cold, and I wouldn’t mind sitting down for some pizza and Halloween films back in my dorm.”
“I’m pretty sure that’s not what your new friend wants to hear, but okay, Tony. Have fun designing the uniform,” Bruce shook his head good-naturedly.
Natasha stood up, walked over to Rhodey and Pepper and narrowed her eyes. “Out. Now,” Natasha calmly stated, her voice like ice.
Steve watched his best friend as he walked away, a strange mix of happiness and loss swirling within him. James Buchanan Barnes had always been smart; it wasn’t a surprise that he had figured it all out before Steve could open his mouth. Bucky was more than his best friend, he was his brother.
“You want to work at a station together?” Steve appeared next to him, eagerness plastered on his face, despite the deathly pallor of his skin (thanks to Jane’s makeup skills).
“Okay, good, because seriously I wasn’t gonna change it if you didn’t like it,” Darcy sarcastically replied. “I’m super glad I practiced last night though because I haven’t done clown faces in a while.”
“Cat got your tongue?” Tony laughed, his eyes crinkling in that way that always had Steve’s stomach flip. “If I had known this would be all it took to get you speechless, I—”
Right before the funeral began, he had stood and watched Tony’s last video message to his family and closest friends. Seeing Tony alive and so optimistic about the time travel journey was heart wrenching. Tony’s last words, “I love you 3000,” had painfully reminded Steve about the wife and daughter Tony had left behind.
Tony craned his head to see the guy they were talking about. “I can’t see him,” Tony complained, as he began to get up out of the chair.
“Oh yeah?” Steve roared back, raising his shield once again. “You don’t even know him!”
“Fine, where are you?”
Natasha could have been her own individual station. She embodied the word “scary.” Tony had tried to joke with her, but the deathly glare she shot him had sent shivers down his spine. It also didn’t help that Clint had told him that Natasha could kill a man with a post-it note. Which was random but also terrifying. And Tony had no doubt it was true. So he just let Natasha be after that.
Steve sucked in a breath at the sight. It was almost an exact replica of his Tony’s workshop. A hand on his arm brought him out of his nostalgic ache.
“You’re getting your doctorate? Fuck, you look like you’re barely a freshman!” Darcy goggled at him, pausing temporarily with his makeup. “No offense.” Darcy hastily added.
“Huh?” Tony whirled around, squinting in the dim light.
After Thor left to go down to the pool, Tony steered Steve to the elevator. “Here, I’m sure you’ll enjoy this, and I’m interested to see what I can design for you now that you’re on the team, and oh Fury’s gonna be so pissed he wasn’t told first, but whatever Mr. One-Eye can suck my—”
“Good idea,” Tony replied, his voice slightly out of breath. “Thor and I aren’t having much luck up here. Every time we get close, she almost gets one of us with one of those yellow rays. We’re gonna need a distraction of some sort.”
He reached to swing the lid of the box shut, but his hand slipped and the wooden lid whacked him on the head for the twelfth time that night.
They both stared at each other for a second and then laughed.
Steve raised an eyebrow at Sam before speaking again. “Anyway, yes, I will be permanently transported to a different dimension, where I will hopefully find Tony and, uh,” Steve blushed. “I guess, if everything works out, live the rest of my life with him. Which is why I need to have someone I trust and believe in to take care of things in my absence.”
“I don’t think they would let us sign up for this event unless we were somewhat competent at makeup,” Jane shrugged her shoulders. “You’re all done, Steve.” She patted his shoulder and motioned at another person to come forward for their makeup.
“You’ve got five seconds to begin explaining how and why the fuck you materialized into my workshop before I blow a hole through your chest,” Tony snarled, his normally warm brown eyes hardening at Steve. “And an explanation as to how you know my name. Start talking, buttercup.”
That was only the beginning. He turned to see bursts of yellow rays hitting random people in the chest. The rays appeared to be causing the hallucinations, and Steve ran over to a man who was trying to stab himself with a shard of glass.
“Clint, I’ll give you a lift to that rooftop there. Try to target the sorceress’ arms to stop her magic. Black Widow, Cap, stick to the ground and try to stop people from harming each other or themselves. Thor, stick with me so that you can contain the flower once we get it. And Bruce,” Tony’s helmeted head turned towards the man, who still remained in his civilian clothes. “Tend to any medical urgencies, and I’ll let you know if we need a code green.”
. “Damn, Darcy, you’re talented,” Tony praised her, admiring his reflection.
“Eavesdrop much?” Tony laughed.
“Yeah.”
Steve found himself grinning back, and his eyes began to fill with tears.
“Bet you wished you had an emergency eye wash station,” Tony joked.
“Fuck,” Tony hissed, rubbing his sore head. Whoever thought it would be a good idea to stuff a student in a wooden box with no padding was a knucklehead. A total numbskull. Someone that Tony was going to have to take up a fight with because this was just cruel.
The same thoughts swirled in Steve’s head, making him dizzy.
Clint gave off his signature yell, and Tony shoved the lid off the box, howling at the people in front of him. Shrieks and scared laughs greeted him, and Tony growled menacingly at the people as they moved on to the next room.
“And you’re Tony,” Jane replied. “Don’t mind me, but I’ve just been listening in on your guys’ conversation since I had nobody’s makeup to work on.
After an hour of listening to caustic words being thrown between Fury and Tony, Agent Maria Hill had calmly intervened to suggest that Steve stay for now, at least until and if the Captain America of their world was ever found.
Silence fills the room once again and the brunette man sitting on the cushioned chair raises his head to gaze at the yellow glow of the light on the table.
“Sam!” Steve sighed, exasperated. “I’m trying to do something pretty important here!”
This time a familiar, although irritated voice answered him. “Sir is currently preoccupied. He will be with you momentarily, Mr. Rogers.”
This time, the group didn’t react as violently as previous groups, but hell if Tony cared. He was sick of this, and he just wanted to get out of the goddamn box.
Pepper nodded again. “Steve, I just want you to know, it’s okay. What he says...it’s okay. You deserve your happy ending too.”
Steve grinned. “That sounds great, thank you, Tony.”
“Yes, you, Tony. I’ve been wanting to get the guts to ask you for a while now, and I know how much you like Halloween, so I actually only volunteered at this haunted house because Bucky told me you’d probably be here since you love Halloween so much, and I figured I should take a chance and ask while I still felt somewhat brave.”
**********
“You ruined my life, you son of a bitch! You took away my chance at life with Morgan and Pepper you selfish bastard,” Tony hissed, his lips curling in disgust, a repulsor gauntlet suddenly on his good hand. The familiar whine of the repulsor alerted Steve, but he was too slow to escape the full energy repulsor blast aimed at his stomach.
Steve opened his mouth to object and then seemed to think better of it. He cleared his throat before restarting, “I was just wondering...because it seems like we haven’t really hung out, but we, uh, seem interested in each other’s projects and…stuff. I was just,” Steve sighed, before running a hand through his hair again.
“Seriously? I did not know that,” Tony shook his head. “And here I like to think of myself as observant.”
That was when it clicked. “Extremis! That’s it!” Steve slapped his hand down on the table, startling Tony.
“Uh, you’re welcome? I guess?” Tony stuttered, his stomach flip flopping. This was not how this was supposed to go. Tony was supposed to be suave and cool and nope, here he was being blindsided by Steve.
“Yeah, I’m sorry about just appearing out of seemingly nowhere. But don’t worry about punching me, I probably would have done the exact same thing.” Steve gave the engineer a nod of reassurance, because, had he been in Tony’s spot, he probably would have reacted more violently than Tony had.
“Steve, it’s true I don’t know you, but I’m still Tony. Not your Tony, but a Tony, nonetheless.” Tony looked up at Steve, the care in his eyes evident. “I suspect that every Tony across all the dimensions shares a connection, an inherent knowledge of who to trust and care for, no matter how different their dimensions are. And I trust you Steve, I just know it’s the right thing to do, and I know I’ll never replace your Tony, but goddamn, I’ve had a crush on you...well, here I go admitting everything.”
“I would suggest a blood choke as the best method. Careful to not let their head sag forward afterwards though,” Bruce responded.
“No! This may be the only way, and we can’t let these people suffer much longer!” Steve yelled, ducking as a man began throwing rocks from a nearby truck wildly around.
“Actually, you’d be surprised,” Darcy laughed. “I actually often get hired to do makeup for events.”
“Where’s Thor?” Steve turned to Tony, worried.
Tony’s heart hammered in his chest as he waited for Steve to continue. Please. Please.
“Seriously.” Darcy rolled her eyes. “That would have been a lifesaver. But don’t worry, I’ve got it down now, so you don’t have to worry about getting fake blood in your eyeballs.”
Fury had furiously fought against this, but once presented with the facts that Steve could be a valuable asset to the Avengers, he had relented and opted to call off all future expeditions that dealt with looking for the still frozen Captain America of their world. This, according to his reasoning, would lower the chances of the public having to deal with there being two Captain Americas.
“Yeah sure, whatever position works best for you,” Tony answered, grimacing when he realized the double meaning of his words. Smooth move, Stark, he sarcastically congratulated himself.
The man continues to look through the windows, unbothered by the mess around him. He’s completely still except for the slow and slight rise and fall of his chest.
At this point, Sam seemed to understand what Steve was hinting at. “Steve, there’s no way. You can’t, I mean—”
“Fine, I’ll stand in this corner and talk with Steve. Steve won’t tell me to shoo, right Steve?” Tony playfully smacked Steve’s shoulder.
Steve held the shield up, protecting himself once more from being hit.
There was silence before Tony spoke up again. “That still doesn’t explain why or how you’re here,” Tony shrugged. “But it sounds like you’ve gone through some tough shit.”
“Sure,” Tony replied, his heart soaring. Steve
. God, as if Halloween couldn’t get any better.
“You are?” Steve mumbled, his brain still trying to wrap around the fact that yes, he did actually have a second chance. A second chance to get to know this Tony in front of him, to fall in love with him, and to, hopefully, have him love him back.
“Wow, thank you, seriously,” Steve warmly smiled at Tony, holding his shield close to him. “I promise I won’t lose it.” Steve added, remembering how Tony would frequently chastise him about dropping or losing his shield during a battle.
“Buck is my best bud, but Sam, I think he knows as well that it’s you. You’re Captain America. Bucky needs some more time, and I think he’s comfortable with where he is now. Trust me,” Steve glanced over at Bucky before adding, “and you can rest assured Bucky will understand. As for the shield, it’s in pieces, as you know, from the battle. But, when you or whoever it is returns the infinity stones, a prior version of the shield can be retrieved, I bet. Or maybe T’Challa can help build you a new one from vibranium in Wakanda.”
“Well, I could give you a lab tour any time. Seriously, just text me—oh! You don’t have my number! Here, let’s exchange numbers,” Tony pulled his phone out of his pocket as Steve did the same. “I’ll text you, and you can let me know when you’re free.”
“You’re not mad with me?” Steve pathetically mumbled, as tears still dripped down his face.
“Of course,” Tony answered. “It’s not every day Captain America materializes in your workshop and declared his undying love for you.” Tony joked, lightening the mood.
“How does he know you?” Clint scrunched his face up. “How does Captain America know Tony Stark of all people? Weren’t you born in like 1901 or something?” Clint shook his head in confusion.
Rhodes raises an eyebrow, waiting for Tony to continue.
Pepper nodded in understanding. “We’ll be okay, Steve,” Pepper looked down at Morgan who was holding her hand next to her. “I promised him we would be okay, and we will be. Times will be hard, but everyone here, they are our family. We will be okay.” Pepper repeated, giving Steve a small smile. “He left a video for you, you know.”
“Anyway, Steve happens to be from a different dimension. He traveled here thanks to a gift his Tony Stark left him,” Tony stated, while looking at each Avenger. “His world is essentially the same as ours, except he was frozen in ice for 70 years in his world before being found, unlike here, where Captain America is still frozen.”
“Anyway, Steve, is it fine with you if I just make you look dead? We’re technically on a clown theme, but it wouldn’t hurt to throw in a few dead people here and there, I think.” Jane swept her hair back with a scrunchie as she surveyed Steve.
Tony glanced over at Steve who flashed him a thumps-up from his seat on the see-saw. Okay, so maybe this wouldn’t be too bad, Tony thought as he lowered himself back into the box, making sure to shut the lid after himself.
Tony bit into his sandwich and looked expectantly up at Steve, chewing quickly. “Well, I guess what I asked you in the elevator? Thanos? Bucky?”
“Oh my god! It
While he had missed the genius’ banter, he was tired and couldn’t help but remember this wasn’t quite his Tony, as close as he was. The thought made him sad in a way he couldn’t really describe. It was almost like seeing Bucky but realizing while the man looked like his best friend, he was forever changed in ways he could never begin to understand.
“Titanic, right?” Steve piped up, hoping that he got the reference correctly. Any sense of normalcy he could achieve, even if it was checking his pop culture knowledge, was welcome.
“Oh good, you had me worried there for a second there, Darcy,” Tony shook his head in mock exasperation.
“Oh shut up, otherwise I’ll draw a big dick on your face and let you go out like that,” Darcy shot back at him goodnaturedly.
“Tony, what year is this?” Steve looked over at his companion, who looked almost exactly the way his Tony did, except maybe a bit younger.
Steve sank back into the pillows, his hand feeling warm in Tony’s. “Thank you, Tony,” Steve breathed and closed his eyes, fatigue sweeping over him once more.
He took in a deep breath again before looking straight at Steve. “We could’ve lost you.” Tony finished in a shaky voice.
“Tony, buddy! Who’s this?” Clint Barton slapped Tony’s back, a twinkle in his eyes. Tony rolled his eyes, turning towards the archer.
Steve shrugged his shoulders and gave a small laugh. “Yeah, haunted houses aren’t usually my thing. But Bucky, my best friend, wanted to go check it out, so I figured, why not be in on the act of scaring him?”
“Because Steve has better things to do than listen to you,” Darcy sarcastically told him as she began mixing facepaints.
“Good luck, I’m honestly not sure why he’s here, he looks terrified to be here, and this isn’t even the haunted house!” Darcy nudged her friend.
“Bucky?” Steve furrowed his eyebrows as he considered Tony’s question. “Actually, no, I don’t think he even saw me, he was busy talking to some friends when he passed through.”
Steve furrowed his eyebrows together. What on Earth was Happy talking about? And what did Pepper mean? What on Earth did Tony have to say in the video? Steve walked to the small black box on the table. He lifted the lid slowly, unsure of what would happen. A holographic image of Tony suddenly appeared, similar to the projection he had seen prior to the funeral.
“Wait, I’m done?” Tony asked, reaching for the mirror on the table before them. He peered into the mirror. A deathly white face with a sickly red grin and splattered blood spots stared back at him.
“Well you know what they say, haunted houses make good first dates,” Tony waggled his eyebrows at Steve.
“All the time, just a talent of mine,” Jane grinned. “Now let me go coax that guy into joining the makeup party.”
“I’m glad you think so,” Steve replied, snorting as he wiped some of the wax off his lips.
“Okay, nevermind,” Tony groaned. “Steve isn’t even paying attention.” He stuck out his lower lip in mock frustration as he looked at Darcy.
Because this was more than worth it.
“Shut up, Stark. I don’t want to hear this right now.” Natasha rolled her eyes, pushing past them to head to the elevator.
Tony leaned back, tapping his foot thoughtfully. “So, I, surprisingly enough, don’t have anything to work on, besides updating the suit, so how about we eat and you can tell me how you just so happen to be still alive after all these years,” Tony sucked in a breath, crossing his arms. “And, if you have any questions about this dimension, I guess I can answer those.”
Natasha looked at him thoughtfully and then grinned. “Steve!” She exclaimed, grabbing the blond by the arm.
“Do you want to walk back to the dorms together?” Steve asked, zipping up his own jacket.
“And here I thought you’d be busy causing buildings to evacuate with your lab experiments,” Steve dryly responded, closing his eyes as Jane started applying gray eyeshadow to his eyelids.
“Or more like nonexistent,” Clint muttered, but quickly closed his mouth when Tony shot him a glare.
“Well, you’re not wrong, Barton,” Tony impishly grinned.
Tony grins sickingly while rubbing his chin in mock thought. “And, oh yeah, it all gets better when said best friend tries to kill me and leaves me to die in—“
Tony nearly groaned out loud as he felt his knees and back protest with his resumed position back inside the box. One more time, one more time, Tony chanted to himself, as he waited for Clint’s yell.
Which was totally a dumb thing to say, because of course it would work out better next time. It would have worked out just fine the first time had the school’s smoke detectors not been so sensitive.
“Nat? Clint? Bruce? How’s the situation down there?” Tony asked, scanning the area beneath him. People appeared to be snapping out of their hallucinations, but he can’t be too sure.
A man sits in a wheelchair next to the lamp. Concern is etched across his tired face, and his frown seems to add years onto him.
“I say it, I mean it,” Tony reminded him, a warm grin spreading across his features.
“Cool, I hope we can get a good station,” Steve followed Thor and the rest of the scare actors into the auditorium.
Darcy snatched back the mirror as a red-haired girl took Tony’s previous seat. “That’s been established, now shoo, I’ve got my next customer.”
“Get back in your box, Stark,” Natasha shot back, sitting back down on the see-saw.
him! Holy shit man, you look horrifying!” A familiar voice rang out towards Tony.
“Will it work?” Steve asked as the woman began convulsing in his arms.
Something about the name was very familiar to Steve. Killian. Killian. Where had he heard that name?
The group walked to the next room and Tony sighed. “Okay, someone, please get me out of here, I’m fucking done with this.”
Sam gave Steve a sad smile. “I’m really gonna miss you, Steve. I really will. Be safe out there,” and with that, Sam wrapped his arms around Steve in a big hug.
“Hey, buddy, everything okay?” The man in the chair, Tony, asks while quickly raising himself from his chair.
“AIEEE!” a scream cut through the air, and Steve jerked around to see a woman slam her hand into the concrete wall of the tower. “GET OFF! GET OFF! GET OFF!” she screamed, her hand making a sick crunch as she repeatedly pummeled the wall.
“1918, actually. You’re a few years, off, Barton,” Steve chuckled.
“The poor man looks dead. I think my brilliant comments are the least of his worries,” Tony called back as he examined Steve’s scare actor look. “Damn, Jane, you’re talented too.”
“Pfff, I’m done with this. I’m like 98% sure there’s aliens or some crazy ass shit going on outside and you two are just gazing into each other’s eyes like that will magically instigate world peace.” Clint rolled his eyes, adjusting his grip on his bow.
“Tony…” Steve blinked, a sudden feeling of warmth spreading through him. “I can’t thank you enough, truly.”
**********
“Oh you know, anything from red carpet events to broadway actor makeup,” Darcy nonchalantly told him, tilting his head to the right as she worked on painting his face.
Yep, this was definitely the best Halloween Tony had ever had, and if he had to endure two hours of getting beat up by a box in a haunted house, then so be it.
“I wish I could switch with you, Tony, but I wouldn’t fit in that box,” Steve sympathetically told him. “Could you maybe switch with Clint or Natasha?”
Steve could barely process the thoughts rushing into his head; his lungs constricted, and he stared in horror at the scene before him. Tony Stark, slumped in front of him, Pepper cradling him delicately in her arms.
“More importantly,
A blinding white light filled the room, and Steve shut his eyes tightly, clutching the small wristband in his hand. A loud ringing sound filled his ears, and Steve felt as if he was being pulled apart in every direction. He gritted his teeth together, wishing he could escape the searing pain. “AGGHHH!” Steve screamed as he felt a particularly harsh jolt of pain tear through him. It was too much, was it meant to be this painful? Steve felt like his brain was short-circuiting and his bones were melting, the pain was so extreme. The darkness that inevitably fell over him was just a small act of mercy, and Steve succumbed to unconsciousness with the loud ringing sound still echoing around him.
“Hurry up!” Natasha told him, grabbing his right leg and trying to swing it over the box. Which should have helped, but Tony lost his grip on the side on the side of the box and ended up slamming his back against a corner of the box.
“Out? Out of the hallucination or whatever it was you were in?” Tony asked, frowning slightly.
“Stopped?”
“Uh-huh, so you say. Yet you’re blushing,” Tony retorted.“But as I was saying, yeah, I’m more than willing to see where this goes.”
“Honestly same. I’m up to 4am studying like every night,” Darcy sympathized. “You don’t mind that I gave you a Joker-like grin, do you?” She asked, abruptly changing the subject.
“Stark, that tells us practically nothing. How did he get here and where has he been?” Natasha crossed her arms, a defensive look crossing her features.
Steve breathed a sigh of relief. His friend was safe, and Thanos was dead. Things could not be any better. “So where is everyone then?”
“We have a man of another time with us! Welcome, good Captain!” Thor enthusiastically hugged Steve, much to the chagrin of the rest of the team.
“None taken, I kind of enjoy surprising people like that. Weird, I know,” Tony shook his head, tapping his foot against the chair as Darcy started outlining his lips with a red makeup pencil. “Benefits of having parents who let you get your bachelor’s degree while getting your high school diploma at the same time.”
Tony Stark stepped into the room, a gauntlet on his right hand with a repulsor aimed at his chest held in front of him.
Tony Stark was dead. Tony Stark. The man who he had once said wasn’t the one to make the sacrifice play. How wrong he was. How terribly wrong he was. Steve felt like he was suffocating, like he was 90 pounds and suffering from asthma again. Oh God. Oh God. Tony had a family, and now he was dead.
“And I’ve decided I can’t stand looking at your pathetic self struggling to get the lid open anymore,” Natasha crossed her arms. “You and Steve can go now, seven minutes isn’t going to make that big of a difference.”
Rhodes opens his mouth to comment, but Tony raises his hand in indignation. “He never even thought for a second that I deserved to know. Never considered me. Never considered anyone. Except for his damned
“Ah, scaring a best friend is definitely a good reason,” Tony closed his eyes as Darcy finished darkening his eyes.
“Okay, so got any ideas of what you want to do?” Jane brought the guy over to sit in the chair next to Tony. And what do you know. It was none other than Steve fucking Rogers.
Steve thought as he drifted off.
Tony was speechless. Steve had done this. For him? “I am honored that you got made-up as a dead person and see-sawed for two hours just so you could ask me on a date,” Tony told him, as he widely grinned. “That’s actually the best and most romantic thing anyone has ever done for me.”
Steve took a deep breath and let it out shakily. There was no point in trying to lie. Tony had given him this gift so that he would finally have a chance to voice what he never could. He couldn’t afford to lose Tony again without telling him how he felt, even if it wasn’t technically
“Maybe not, I’ve got an idea,” Steve cut in. “Tony can you get me on a rooftop near her? If she tries to target me, that may give you enough time to grab the flower.”
“And now here’s your chance. Snap the gauntlet. Like you were supposed to do, the first time,” Tony knelt down next to Steve, his face still twisted in a sick sneer. He held out the gauntlet Steve had last seen Tony wield, the six infinity stones glowing brightly.
“Yes, ma’am,” Tony rolled his eyes, reluctantly dropping into his enclosure. On the bright side, he only had ten minutes left.
“Guy also claims to have Maya Hansen, some chick I used to know, building some super soldier type serum for him. Said he’s gonna get back at me for never giving him a chance to pitch his ideas, but eh, just another unsatisfied former acquaintance,” Tony gulped down some coffee, his sandwich nearly finished.
Tony, though, smirked and patted Steve. “Ah ah ah, hot stuff. I thought it was agreed that I would ask the questions first.” Blushing, Steve apologized, much to Tony’s amusement. “No big deal, Cap, I’m joking. But seriously, I could kill for a sandwich and some coffee right about now.”
“Really?” Tony blinked owlishly at Steve. “You’d want to come and listen to me talk about nanoparticles and alloys and shit?”
Steve nodded, silently noting that this Tony seemed to also know about Project Rebirth and what it entailed for him.
“That quick?” Steve raised his eyebrows as he stood up.
Just thirty more minutes. Well, twenty-five now, Tony told himself. Honestly, he just wanted to go home and soak himself in an ice bath. This was not fun anymore. It was legal torture, that’s what it was. And he hadn’t even gotten time to flirt with Steve.
Steve tensed at hearing her mention his secret. How did she know this? He presses the side of his glove, summoning his shield back to him. The shield slams back onto his arm a second later and he stands, facing the sorceress.
“Same,” Tony glanced at the door. Couldn’t they get on to the walk through already? So that he and Steve could actually have something to talk about? Because this conversation was more awkward than that time Rhodey had to call the fire department to saw a chair off from around his head. Which was a long story.
Right. The blood choke. SHIELD had trained the team a few years back in simple self-defense, and this had been one of the maneuvers they had been taught. Gritting his teeth, Steve wrapped his arms carefully around the woman and tightened his hold. He counted to ten seconds as he held onto the still squirming woman. He felt her body slump at ten, and Steve gently released her, laying her on the ground next to the tower.
******************************
“I broke the glass like he broke me,” Tony swallows and takes a deep breath before slowly releasing. “All he had to do was stay.”
“All of them,” Tony answered, his heart thudding painfully in his chest. “That sounds weird, but you’re just really talented, and I enjoy seeing your art, and I want to support you, even though we don’t really know each other, but I would see your art in high school so I kinda wanted to see your art in college, y’know kinda a continuity of some sort and—” Tony abruptly stopped, feeling his own face heat up under his scare actor makeup. Damn him and his tendency to ramble. Now Steve was going to think he was a crazed stalker or something.
“Well, I actually really fucking love Halloween, so naturally, I was all for signing up for this.” Tony tapped his sneakers noisily against his chair as he looked at Steve. “And, I want to scare the shit out of my best friends, Rhodey and Pepper.”
His knees were killing him thanks to constantly crouching and then springing up. His throat felt raw after doing scream after scream. His head and back hurt from the lid of the box slamming down on him by accident. And he was pretty sure he had at least three different slivers of wood stuck in his hands from the jagged edges of the box.
“Okay, so my explanation was a little rushed,” Tony began.
Steve's brain screamed at him, making the whole process infinitely more complicated than it should have been. However, common sense dictated that at least saying goodbye to Bucky and Sam was necessary. With that final thought, Steve picked up the small box. He had some goodbyes to say.
“Then, naturally, the third option is you don’t choose either wristband and decide to live your life out here, in 2023. Which is perfectly fine, no hard feelings. This is getting lengthy, but I owed one last gift to my best teammate,” Tony’s voice cracked at the last word and he bowed his head. He raised it again a second later, pain evident in his eyes. “Good luck, Steve.”
“Good to know that Tony still likes his protocols,” Steve replied under his breath. So now all he had to do was wait, he supposed. Just as he began to shuffle around to get into a more comfortable position, the bedroom door swung open.
“And you.”
Steve made his way back to the cabin-type house, the box heavy under his arm. This was it. This was actually happening. He could see Tony Stark again. He had a chance to tell the man he loved how he felt. Granted, this wasn’t his Tony he would be meeting, but Tony was Tony, regardless of what dimension. And alternate dimensions be damned, if Tony had thought this was a possibility that could work, then Steve would believe in that possibility as well.
Tony dramatically tossed back his head, feigning extreme exasperation.
“Oh, but it is, Steve. And now you’re going to pay,” Tony growled as he forced Steve’s right hand into the gauntlet.
Bruce’s voice came over the comms a split second later, and a quick glance up let Steve know that the rest of the team had already disbursed to try to defuse the situation. “You have to render the person unconscious, the magic appears to be too strong for any other course of action.”
Steve nodded and patted Tony’s arm, indicating that he was ready to be lifted. “I hope so too,” Steve breaths, feeling the ground vanish beneath his feet as Tony flew him to a rooftop.
Steve currently stood in front of his bed, staring at the Captain America suit laid out before him. The suit was remarkably similar to the one he had worn when they fought Ultron, and when Tony had presented it to him, Steve had fought off the urge to cry, opting instead to embrace the man in a hearty thank-you-hug.
“That’s classic Buck,” Steve rolled his eyes, shaking his head. “Oblivious and distracted.”
“Ah, my favorite assassin!” Tony grinned a Cheshire-cat grin as he reached for the vials. “Tell me the details, come on.”
“I’ve got you, don’t worry, you’re safe,” the voice repeated, and Steve felt a drowsy feeling come over him. He dimly wondered why he no longer felt in pain, but he was too tired to puzzle over it. He gratefully succumbed to the pull of sleep, the soothing voice slowly becoming softer and softer.
“I meant what I said, Steve. We will be okay. Happy will show you the video, and remember, I trust you, and he does as well. This is what he wanted you to have, treasure it well.” Pepper stepped aside to allow Happy to lead Steve back to the house.
Steve lay unresponsive in his arms, and Tony’s heart hammered in his chest.
Tony stared at him. What the fuck? He lived on the same floor of the same building as Steve and he was only finding this out just
Oh great. Now Steve was going to pick him up like some weak cat out of a basket. This was more embarrassing than the high school evacuation. Steve must think of Tony as entirely pathetic. But no time for sulking over that because Steve was literally about to lift him.
Steve nodded, adjusting the cowl once more. This world’s Tony seemed very efficient, and he was thankful that Tony hadn’t tried to offer him the role of team leader. He wasn’t ready for that, at least not yet.
Tony had been cursing his dumb luck, and Steve, good, kindhearted Steve, had said, “I’m sure it will work out better next time!”
Which is why he now found himself sitting in a chair about to get his makeup done for a haunted house event.
“Wait, she’s disintegrating
“Not even surprised, honestly. I’ve known you for like ten minutes, and I have no doubt that’s a situation you’ve been in. You’re just that type of chaotic.”
“I,” Steve continued, biting his lip. “I was just...would you...I mean, do you...want to go on a date with me, maybe? Like coffee?” Steve finished, his eyes wide and his hands fidgeting together. He looked adorably uncertain, and Tony felt his heart explode in excitement.
The sound of excited chatter wafted into the room, and Tony groaned. “The next group is almost here, and I’m stuck in this box!”
After yet another round of screaming and box jumping, Tony heard a knock on the side of his box. “Stark.” Natasha’s voice called out.
“Honestly, go crazy. I don’t care what you do so long as I look scary as fuck,” Tony grinned at her.
may Steve say what Tony thought he was about to say.
“Sure, I’ll give you my number, feel free to text any time. And I mean any time, I’m awake 24/7,” Tony quickly entered his phone number on Darcy’s iPhone. “Y’know just goes along with that mad scientist stereotype.”
“Wow, that sucks,” Tony frowned, thinking about how Pepper and Rhodey had at least stopped to talk to him for a few seconds.
“No, he left Pepper, his wife, and Morgan, his daughter one. As well as Colonel James Rhodes and Happy Hogan,” Steve answered, his shoulders beginning to ache with the strain of having his hands handcuffed behind him.
Steve watched him for a few seconds, warmth filling his heart. Tony was safe; he was okay. This was the Tony he loved.
Tony waved a hand nonchalantly, and the heartfelt moment was quickly forgotten as holographic screens popped up around Tony.
“Now, I left a few videos for people that I was closest to. That’s Pepper, Happy, Rhodey, Morgan, and of course, you. Steve,” holographic Tony sighed before continuing. “I never got to tell you, and I don’t know if you feel the same, but I guess if I’m dead, there’s no better time to say it. I love you, Steve. I have since that battle in New York. I knew when your face was the first one I saw after I fell out of that wormhole that your face was the one I wanted to wake up next to every day. I was ridiculously in love with you even in Siberia, and God, Steve, I missed you so fucking much. You don’t know how many times I wanted to call you on that stupid flip phone. Just to hear your voice…” Tony trailed off, a sad expression crossing his features.
“Is it okay if I just grab you from under your arms?” Steve asked, kindly looking at Tony, no judgment in his eyes (as far as Tony could tell with this damn poor lighting).
At this statement, Tony’s eyes lit up. “You got him?”
“We’ll get you out after this group,” Natasha told him, and she gently pushed him back inside the box.
If Steve had thought the pain accompanying the repulsor blast was painful, then this was worse by a million times. Steve screamed as the energy from the gauntlet spread over his arm, ripping him apart, tearing into him, burning him.
The downside to all this was that Steve had barely had a minute of time alone with Tony. Tony had spent about a day making his suit, and that had been the last time Steve had been in one room alone with Tony. Steve knew Tony was a busy man, and his sudden appearance hadn’t done much besides add to Tony’s workload, but Steve wished that things would slow down.
“I’m Tony,” Tony answered, raising his chin a bit so she could cover his chin a little better. “You do this often?” he joked, leaning back in the chair a little.
“Yes, Anthony. I will do that,” Thor nodded solemnly, holding the now unconscious sorceress. He must have knocked her out as soon as Tony snatched the necklace off her, which was probably for the better.
In any case, Steve was now sitting next to him, about to get scare actor makeup painted on his face. This was Tony’s big chance. Where he could dazzle Steve with his dashing looks and witty remarks. However, considering he currently looked like a crazed clown, maybe he would have to rely on the witty remarks only.
t-shirt and ripped and oil-stained jeans cover Tony, who waves a hand in indifference.
All is silent, and all would be almost peaceful except for the multiple shards of glass scattered in various rooms, indicating a prior less than serene event.
“Walk through of the scare scene is happening in ten minutes! We’ll be assigning posts, meet outside in the hallway!” Thor, the student body president, shouted over the chatter in the room.
“You’ve got thirty minutes left, Stark. Just get through it and then I’ll take over. Besides, you’ve got a very good scream,” Natasha pursed her lips at him as she glanced at his ragged self. “Who would have known? Stark is a professional screamer.”
The glass shards continue into another room, except it’s charcoal-colored linoleum now. No liquid surrounds the shards, but a man sits motionless in a cushioned chair in the middle of the room. The chair sits facing a panel of glass windows. In daylight, it’s a lovely view of trees and green grass. A peaceful paradise of nature. However, it’s night, and the moon is obscured by the clouds. Complete darkness awaits on the other side of the window, and the man is left staring into an empty abyss.
Steve, who had been given the all-clear to join in on missions, was to be a part of this mission. Sighing, Steve slipped on the uniform, zipping it up quickly. He yanked on his boots and adjusted his cowl before joining the others in the Avengers common area (which was really just the kitchen).
When Steve opened his eyes again, Tony was standing before him. His Tony. The burns from using the gauntlet were present on his face, and his right arm was similarly charred, but he was still smiling.
Steve cleared his throat before continuing. “He said he loved me, and he wanted to give me a chance to love him back,” and the tears that had been threatening to fall finally streamed down his face. “And I-I took that chance because I never got t-to tell him that I loved him too, and I sc-screwed everything up. He di-didn’t have to die!” Steve brokenly finished, his throat constricting as he wept. Silence followed his words, but Steve didn’t pay attention.
Arms embraced him suddenly, and Steve tried to open his eyes to see who it is, but his vision was increasingly dark. The stranger was talking, but Steve could barely distinguish it from the incessant buzzing noise. The last thing he heard before the darkness consumed him was someone yelling for medical.
his brain screamed at him, and Steve chose to focus on that.
“No, but you’ve never encountered Thanos? Or what about Bucky?” Steve couldn’t help pestering Tony with questions. Just how different was this dimension?
Shattered glass and puddles of water litter the gray tiled floor. A bouquet of red wilted roses lies nearby.
Morgan Stark smiled back. “Daddy said you are a very brave man,” Morgan replied, leaning into her mother. Steve let out a shaky breath. Tony thought that about him?
Tony, on the other hand, seemed to have no problem introducing Steve. “Well you guys know the story of Captain America, right?” The other Avengers slowly nodded their heads. “Well, here he is!” Tony clapped his hands, as if concluding his explanation.
Tony turned back to Steve, casually tilting his head to look up at him. Steve may have just been a little bit taller than him. Not that Tony was short or anything (he was compact, okay?).
The pain was like nothing Steve had ever felt before, and he screamed as his stomach burned and white-hot agony engulfed him. What on Earth was Tony doing?
“Not as interesting of a story as I thought it would be, capsicle. Oh well, I still get to boast that Captain America materialized in my tower,” he suddenly gasped. “Oh shit, I didn’t think about that! Do we just say you’re from another dimension or that you woke up in the ice or you’re a clone, or, wait, that last one didn’t even make much sense but I guess—”
He wordlessly took a step forward towards where Pepper was still holding Tony. “Pepper…” his voice cracked as he knelt next to her. She glanced up at him, her eyes filled with tears. She nodded, seeming to understand what Steve couldn’t find the strength to say. She stood, and Steve carefully picked Tony up.
He moved his hand to disconnect the electrodes monitoring his heart rate, and that was when he saw the other occupant of the room.
Tony opened his mouth to respond, but he was cut off by the loud sound of voices. Steve turned his head to see the rest of the Avengers walk into the kitchen area. His fatigue must have worsened if he failed to hear a quinjet arrive.
Steve laughed, as they began walking down the stairs from the auditorium building. “I feel bad that you had to be in that box for so long, but I really think you did a great job scaring the students.”
The sorceress was now clearly in view, her red dress billowing around her as she shot yellow rays from her hands. Her eyes glowed red as she aimed at the ground.
“Because you’re just, you’re just,” Steve stumbled over his words, his emotions getting the better of him. “You’re an amazing man, Tony Stark.”
No fucking way had Steve Rogers just asked him on a date. This wasn’t, couldn’t be real. Maybe he had hit his head harder with that wooden lid than he thought. Or maybe, somehow this was actually happening.
The hologram ended, and all that was left was the black box on the table. Steve sat there for a few seconds, feeling a torrent of emotions rush through him: gratitude, sadness, pain, unsureness, confusion. Tony had given him the opportunity of a lifetime. Why was it so hard to go through with the decision he had already made?
“How—I, what?” Steve stumbled over his words. There was no way the shield could be in his hands now. It was supposed to be encased in ice, somewhere God knew where.
“It’s no big deal, you’re really busy, you can’t be expected to know who all your floormates are,” Steve remarked, walking steadily alongside Tony towards the dorms.
“Relax. Honestly, I find it cool that you’re working on stuff that could cause something that drastic to occur, and,” Steve hesitated for a second before continuing. “That’s probably one of my most favorite high school memories just because it was so out of the norm.”
“You first,” Tony said, feeling himself blush for the millionth time that night. (He usually never blushed, seriously what was wrong with him today?)
“Uh, sure. I live on the fourth floor of—” Tony began.
“Now that’s what I like to hear! Here less than an hour and you already know how to stroke an engineer’s ego. Where have you been all my life? I swear to God, this suit is gonna be a masterpiece that rivals anything Thor can bring from Asgard. And that includes his Asgardian mead. But seriously, that shit has a kick to it, and oh, you should totally try it, and—wait, oh, hmm, would leather be a good thing to put? Oh, you’d look dashing in leather. Which reminds me—” Tony babbled on, already engrossed in the task he had been assigned.
Tony.
“Damn. I’d brag about it tons if I were you,” Darcy nodded. “But I seriously might take you up on that study offer.”
“We will, once you explain who this is,” Bruce gestured at Steve while exchanging glances with Natasha. Steve looked down at the floor, suddenly self conscious of the fact that the team that he knew so well had absolutely
“Right. Well, I suppose you know that I went down in the ice in ‘45?” Tony nodded to this. “Okay, so I guess I can’t provide much about that besides that I thought I was dead for sure. Instead, I woke up in a SHIELD facility nearly 70 years into the future; it was 2011 then. Apparently the combination of the ice and the serum had kept me alive for all those years until SHIELD found me. They had me join the Avengers, which is how I met you, and it’s just history from then on.”
? The universe was pranking him, big time.
“The people appear to be trying to hurt themselves!” Steve called out over the comms. “No kidding. People are going fucking nuts trying to get out of their hallucinations. I’ve begun using my sleeper darts,” Clint responded.
“Uh, maybe that guy?” Darcy answered, after a quick scan of the room. She pointed towards a blond guy standing awkwardly near the door.
“It seems that people are waking up, but those hit more recently by the rays are taking longer to snap out of it. We’re just monitoring to make sure everyone is waking up safely. There’s not many still in the haze, though,” Natasha calmly reported.
Tony glared at her, crossing his arms. “One, I am a man of many talents, thank you very much. Two, if I am permanently physically damaged from this night, I blame you, Clint and Natasha,” Tony sighed, starting to fold himself back into the box. “Humans are not meant to curl up like snakes in boxes!” He whined, shutting the lid after him.
“Stark pulled some strings to get vibranium from Wakanda,” Natasha spoke up, quirking her lips at Steve. “Captain America is known for his shield, so it only made sense.”
Steve saw where this was heading, but still answered truthfully. “Yes, he had the main Avengers. That’s Bruce, Nat, Thor, Clint, me. Well, it was, but Nat, sh-she died getting one of the infinity stones. But we also had others like Scott, T’Challa, Wanda. There were many.”
Tony laughed, waving his hand nonchalantly. “Relax, Steve. Whoever it is doesn’t know I’m here. The press, and the rest of the world, thinks I’m in Malibu with Pepper. Aldrich Killian will not figure out for at least another day that I’m hiding out here. Besides, I’m almost certain SHIELD is overanalyzing this heavily. Killian is just a business guy who doesn’t like competition.”
Rhodes gently leans back in his wheelchair and looks up at the dark ceiling. “Do you have the phone?”
“I am under instructions to not speak to you unless the situation calls for immediate attention. Any questions can be directed to sir.”
“A place to love,” Vivienne repeated, softly. Her eyes held sympathy, not pity, and empathy.
Tony and Steve shared a glance, then, as one, raced into the building, dodging a blast of magic
Xion moved just a bit, still ready to fight, and Steve moved, looking through the bars of the cell...
Kairi took her hand, and squeezed.
“Me too.” Steve stood up, stretching. “Let's take a look around. It seems pretty quiet, but...”
It only took a few more minutes for Natasha to join him.
“Why? I could be like your...mini-me or something.”
Steve didn't really sleep, even though he tried. Still, he figured it could be worse. Tony lay against him, wrapped in his arms, the girls and Avengers around him. He had a feeling the other Avengers didn't sleep much, either.
“Boss, I don't think that's a good idea,” said FRIDAY.
Tony sighed. “I'm almost afraid to watch this.”
Hawkeye rolled his eyes, and Tony immediately loved him for it.
The two had yelled back and forth for several hours. Pepper had then banned them from her office for a month.
“I might be able to,” replied Strange. “It'll take time. If that item is...”
“It's very easy to dismiss another's ideas as foolish, but very different to sit down and discuss matters with an open mind. All ideas should be considered, not all followed.”
“Or we have another agent.”
“You have 1 hour and 15 minutes head start,” said the Captain. “You might want to change.”
“No,” said Steve.
“What the fu...” Tony's exclamation was interrupted by Steve's hand over his mouth.
Tony sighed. He could remember how hard he studied, how much work he put into his projects, his heart and soul, and how carelessly Howard brushed it all aside, how angry he became when Tony interrupted...
He walked into the streets, looking around.
Natasha sighed. “Story of our lives.”
Tony stood up, went to the cabinet, pouring some painkillers into his hand. Several hands were held out to him.
“Don't sass me, Captain. It's too much...”
“It was a very small, barely there village, between Honnleath and Redcliffe, destroyed in the last blight, from what I heard. It was called America.”
...Hit the ceiling, then landed on the ground, as he let the magic go.
“I want a bagel,” said Xion. “And a keyblade. Can I have a keyblade?”
Sometimes all that's needed is a little push...
Is be more like me and be less like you~~
“Forgive me, dear. They literally just flew in, Seraph.”
Idly, Steve wondered if this was the start of a horror movie...
“Okay, I think we're on the right track,” said Steve, watching as Tony maneuvered. They both blinked as a notification appeared on the bottom of the screen.
What of Pepper, who he made cry innumerable times, and couldn't even stand to be with him?
“I find,” he said, somewhat still detached between emotions and body, “that I find myself at a disadvantage, Lady...”
Tony held onto Pepper as the ground rumbled, and the glass shattered. He wished, for just a moment, that he could turn back time, take a few seconds to breath, and apologize to Steve for being stubborn.
“Fuck it. Let's do this. I'm not going to wait.”
“Lord Leviathan!” came a voice, gentle, and woman wearing a white sundress, long hair tied in a pink ribbon. “You should have called me,” she chastised gently. A wave of magic washed over them, healing the worst of the wounds.
Steve got on one knee, so he could look her in the eyes. “Hey, who are you? Did you...do you know where Tony is?”
Natasha knew that eventually, the Avengers would be called upon for missions. Rook, thankfully, understood that as a new group, they needed some time to learn to get along.
“It's all fine now, so stop fussing,” said Tony, kicking the dwarf, who kicked him back.
“What did you do, Steven?” said Natasha, glaring at him, and rubbing Pepper's back.
“Language!” she said, waving the sword around.
“This is family,” said Xion.
“Hawkeye's...”
“Destroy them.”
Hm, that means I should give her a name...
Tony released his hold, his eyes finally focusing. “Steve...?”
Steve's grin grew. “Well, I won't argue with the stubborn, but I know for a fact that you haven't slept around lately. You look far younger after the dip in the Lifestream, and self centered? Really? The one who's always taking hits to protect us? The man who took in numerous people into his home?
Harritt sighed, rubbing his temples. Dagna merely stared, her eyes wide, mouth shaped in a silent 'oh.'
“Boss, please don't...”
His cheeks burned. Her he was, sitting in front of Tony's former lover and his best friend, admitting his love, and he felt like a small child in the principals office.
“I'm almost afraid what you'll teach them,” he whispered, sitting up just a little bit, despite protests from the genius in his arms.
“Steve, I...”
Once again, they were racing across the rooftops, Vision helping him go between buildings.
Steve glared at him, the effect ruined by reddened eyes.
“We already hate you, Clint,” said Tony. “Shut the hell up.”
“Welcome to the war.”
“Can they be trusted?” asked Raiden.
“Are you okay?” he asked, even as he heard the sound of gunfire, people yelling, and sirens.
“I wanna go with you,” said Kairi, prompting the other two girls to chime in.
“I'm going to lose this very fast, aren't I?”
“We're not exactly helpless,” said Steve.
They raced through the building, and it felt like shadows followed them. He could hear the commotion, and the fact they didn't meet anyone trying to hit them seemed almost creepier than having to fight their way through.
“Sir, you are injured,” said Vision softly.
“I don't know,” said Tony. “I just saw the glass, and thought it'd be a good idea. Why are you here?”
“I wish to apologize,” said Steven the moment they were relatively alone.
“That maniac had the fight on the news,” said Rhodey. “That's how Pepper saw...”
“Fa....fa....”
“I'm sorry,” began Steve, in the middle of cutting a piece of pancake. “You said what game?”
“Ah...” Tony managed.
“You're kidding, right? What kinda name is that?”
The man laughed, tossing his long, black and white streaked hair over his shoulder. The one eye, yellow, narrowed just a little.
The next chapter is going to be syrupy sweet. I promise.
“I don't like it, Tony. I don't like training children for war, but these kids didn't get a say, and Spiderman's thrown himself in the middle. I'd rather see them safe with us, than out there fighting alone.”
“Yes,” said Ramuh. “When you returned from the Inbetween, I sensed the new powers inside of Tony. Thor and I discussed what occurred, and we felt it prudent to reveal our existence here.”
They watched it for a moment, before Steve got up to catch it.
He couldn't keep up with their antics, but laughed with them. His eyes met Pepper's, and she nodded. Rhodey got up and wandered over to the DJ.
Now, he stood at the top of his tower, what used to be the Avengers surrounding him, and there was no happy reunion. This was a battle, and they didn't work seamlessly anymore, not like before, not since after...
“I...didn't mean her...”
Tony scrambled down the ladder.
“This may be a bad idea,” said FRIDAY, even as she took them up.
The world seemed to twist around them, before settling. As if they inhabited a different pocket of reality, people only now began to stop and stare...
“Bucky? I thought it was James.”
“You are as well,” Steve replied, a small smile on his face. “But I am not someone who would want a quick tumble in the sheets. And that's not even why I brought you here. How can you be so distracting?”
This other man wore robes, flowing whites and blues, like a cascade of water, and an easy smile. White hair tumbled over his shoulders, blue eyes twinkling with merriment.
Tony's hands tightened on the chair, and he began to babble. He knew it. Rambling, probably sounding like he was in awe, because in a way, he was. He was kind of right, somewhat. They were runes, of strength, endurance, speed...
"Too soon," Tony blurted. He winced a little. "And too blunt. "
Natasha and Tony looked at each other. Both of them were thinking that it sounded like bullshit, that the Iron Bull didn't just want to say hello. On the other hand, they made no show of hiding their presense, either. That put Natasha only mildly at ease, even as they were introduced to the group. They introduced themselves.
Tony kicked because he could. It didn't even make Steve flinch, but he did move his hand.
Steve didn't reply, leading the way back to the portal.
“We?” asked Tony.
He loved Steve.
“Someone has manners,” mumbled Pepper.
~Monsters like you should be locked up.~
“I know who you are,” said Leviathan, before either of them could speak. “And I know what you have faced. You are welcome here, to our village.”
As his foot touched the grass, a voice called, “Anthony.” A command, and he stopped, before slowly turned.
“Shh,” said a man, stepping from the shadows. “It's all right.”
“Oy! Come back with that! That's my favorite!” he yelled, but remained seated, as Ramuh led the other two, chuckling.
Though they didn't end up having sex that night, they spent far longer than they should have on devouring kisses and lingering touches. The tiny voice in the back of Steve's mind kept telling him to get some sleep, that they both needed it, but then Tony would sigh, and Steve would find his mouth again, and they mapped each other's body with their fingers.
“My Sylphs, I have a task for you.” Words disappeared, and suddenly, the sound coming from their voices was music. Tony realized they still talked, but though the song pulled at his mind, he could not translate them. Steve, eyes wide as his own, seemed entranced with the music. With laughter, the Sylphs flew away.
“Nobody said we wanted to see your...”
“And you'll get your own workshop in addition to the access to the Undercroft.”
“Did you see that man?” asked Steve.
“My name's Kairi. My sisters are with him. We...we want to leave. They won't let us...”
Oh, who was he kidding?
Before she lost her temper, she said, “Do you want to go visit this...Herald's Rest for some food? I know there's probably a lot of people there...”
Natasha glanced at him. If she was surprised at his curse, she didn't say anything. Instead, she said, “We'll find him, Steve.”
“Oh my God,” Pepper managed, leaning her head down, resting her head against his hand.
“Traitor,” said Tony, not shifting from his position on the ground.
“Oh, fuck you, Barton.”
“I figured that, Steven,” Tony gritted out, even as the damn codes changed again.
“Not much I can do about that, 'Tasha. Maybe one day. Let's go eat. I'm hungry.”
“Are you a pirate?” Tony asked. “Because you look fucking ridiculous.”
“It's not nice to talk about Kou that way, Steven.”
He didn't know exactly what to do, how to make things better. Maybe he couldn't. They would need outside help, this he was certain about, but at least, for now, he could hold Tony.
“I didn't. I carved a rune into me, to save myself, because I didn't want to die.” He shrugged, as if what had happened was completely normal. “I had some help, really. Another mage helped me with the idea, before those sadists killed him. I just added some stuff to make it work better...the runes around the main one...using metal and inks for the main rune...”
“He was one of the better ones,” mentioned Tony, “even if he hated our guts.” He stiffled a yawn.
“Best training ever,” he finally managed. Steve chuckled.
Down and up, they went, maze like and cold, they ran, sometimes fighting, sometimes in deadly silence. Steve wondered if they were tricked, and this Kairi just led them further away...
"All right," he mumbled, sitting up with a groan. "Round two...."
“They have the blood as well,” said Ramuh. “I can sense it. They will need to be trained, as well.”
Tony Stark never left without at least one bit of tech on him....
“I'm sure there's a few people we can ask to join the Avengers here,” said Natasha. “Then we can figure out what group goes fighting the Heartless.”
“The goal,” continued Steve, as if all eyes weren't staring at him, “is to stay away from me as long as possible...without your suit.”
Aqua sat down. “I'm fully aware of your view on yourself, Mr. Stark. I know your history. You made mistakes, just like anyone else, and punished yourself harder than most. You consistently strive to make things better after all that was done, flinging yourself into danger so others don't get hurt. You may not be perfect, Mr. Stark, but your heart is a beacon of bright light.”
“Oh, very well.”
The sound of small feet pattering against the floor stilled them, and Bucky raised his gun. Steve brought his own hand up; wait.
“Anthony!”
“What?” Steve said, as Tony whirled towards her. “That wasn't part of the plan.”
Despite his sometimes too cheerful attitude, she liked Hawkeye. She also knew he was a spy for Bull and Leliana. This didn't deter him from discussing everything from tracking, to places he had visited, to armour...the list of topics he brought up continued to grow, both of them exchanging information.
The words were the Captain's orders, but his eyes, focused on him, were the dark looks of the predator he could become. Tony shivered, and gave just the barest nod.
His whole body burned, and he awoke with a gasp. Tied down to the bed, Tony could only move his head to the side.
“Incoming!”
Tony rubbed his temples. “This conversation's a bit much for someone who nearly died, Steve.”
“I'll contact a few other bladers,” said Aqua, smiling. “I'll tell them the situation, and I'll stay around, too, if that's okay. Help out however I can.”
“Your inheritance.”
“No need for apologizes. I have a tendency to throw people off. I am Inquisitor Rook Lavellan, also called Herald of Andraste, a fact I find rather ironic. I'm a mage, but sometimes I use knives instead, just to irritate my opponents. The people prefer I ride hallas, because apparently that's expected of my kind, but I rather like my nuggalope, Peanut. I hate the mage and templar war, accept most people for who they are, unless they try and kill me or my friends, and love food. I'm male and female, so do not be surprised if you hear both male and female pronouns when I'm being talked about, though occasionally the term 'freak' is used instead.”
And it was over. Tony sighed. Figured he would destroy a moment...
The other elf was now smiling. “Hello, Anthony.”
“Cullen doesn't really hate mages anymore, does he?”
“I don't know what you went through, but I'd like us to be friends? Can we try?” Steve asked.
Yet, as Steve kissed his hand, gently, he thought that maybe the future wouldn't be so bad after all, now that he had this...
Wanda grabbed him by the arm, put another beanie on his head, and walked with him.
Strange sat back, a bit surprised at Tony's vehemence. “You realize that just like any of you can learn this magic, so can someone else, someone who will use it against you.”
“Follow,” she said, and led him over the rooftops, sometimes spy style, sometimes with Sam's assistance.
Namine wanted to fight, to tear out the IV in Tony's arm, more infusion given to him than to them...they had the blood already running in their veins before...
“So, I'm guessing you know a way to seal this world's Keyhole?” asked Steve.
And to his utter surprise, “A Thousand Years” began.
For several seconds, they were all stunned.
The group looked at each other blankly.
He watched Tony. His brows were slightly furrowed, and yet not in anger, and his lips were curled in the barest of smiles. Not happiness, Steve realized, but sorrow.
“Mr. Stark, did you miss the part about your heart?”
“And we could talk magic and other things,” said Tony.
Axel lifted his arm before he could dismiss the blade, showing an area near the hilt. “You can slide a summon stone here. Coincidently, did you notice your keychain?”
Edax received no reply, and just the very hint of a smile crossed his face, placing his hand on the ice, and giving a gentle caress, as if he could touch the goateed face.
Steve held his hand out, and Tony took it.
“Uh, it's good to see you, too?” he replied, even as the other two began to fight. A hand on his shoulder made him flinch, but he quickly relaxed, realizing that his Compassion spirit had also returned.
Except he couldn't turn back time, and he didn't have time to be thinking about it.
“Fine. It's not. I can...feel it...”
"Tony?
“Yeah, but I really don't feel like it. I think the adrenaline's still running through me.”
“You'll get farther than you think with our help.”
But they didn't.
He fell again, and this time, it was onto a platform, the floor a mosaic in the shape of Tony's arc reactor.
“I don't know,” said Tony, rubbing his temples. “Flying around shooting things with my tech is one thing, and slinging magic around when I couldn't before is another.”
“Yeah, good luck with that...”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What happened?” Rhodey repeated, the rest of the team sitting down.
“Happy thoughts? Like Peter Pan?”
He closed his eyes, even as Natasha put a hand on his arm and squeezed it. 'Well, might as well go down in a blaze of glory,' he thought, as he unlaced his shirt.
“Then I'll take my leave, for now. Thank you...for telling me this,” and he was gone.
“It's Natasha,” she replied.
“I remember him,” said Tony, smiling. “He was always very nice to me. We talked theory lots of times.”
“Basically,” replied Sam, grabbing Tony's arm. “Hang on.”
I didn't need the pain...~~
“You're not ready,” said Edax.
Despite the hour, they all went to the Herald's Rest.
“I've already said that I would join in the spy network,” said Natasha.
“He does have a point, though,” said Tony, watching the other two squabble. “Sometimes my experiments do get out of hand.”
“So the Organization...?”
"I want to align the pieces, yours and mine"
With a wry smile, Steve shook his head. "I still want to know you. To understand everything that happened to you. Maybe...eventually..."
Phantom, Tony hoped, concealed part of their movement, as they silently moved from hallway to hallway. For just a second, he thought of asking Axel to take them to Siren...to that other Maria...he had considered it so many times.
“I'm not dead?” he asked, looking down, confused. The arc reactor glowed again.
Xigbar smirked, and what seemed like two small crossbows appeared in his hands, and his stance shifted. Tony realized, suddenly, that this man hadn't even really begun to fight. “Let's play.”
“Not going to fight?” asked Steve. “You should...”
He studied the glass shard in his hand, contemplating how the light shown, like tiny rainbows in clear ice, so cold...
“If your name is Steve Rogers and you’re Captain America, then you’re the person this video is meant for. If you’re not then kindly fuck off because this is not your video to watch. Now that that’s all sorted out, I’ll get right down to the meat of things. Well, Spangles, if you’re watching this, I’m most likely dead. Which sucks because I kind of hoped I would come out of this time heist alive, but beggars can’t be choosers.” Holographic Tony crossed his arms, a small frown on his face. Steve lowered his eyes, sadness flooding him once more.
“Doctorate? Wow, Tony, that’s great!” Steve gasped, looking genuinely impressed.
“Don’t try to lick or eat this off, it’s nasty and is the equivalent of plastic,” Jane warned as she finished dabbing the wax on Steve’s lips.
“Thank you,” Steve said, his blush returning. “You’ve been to the galleries?”
“Looking dead’s better than looking like a manic clown, trust me,” Tony leaned over to say. “But hey, how’d you hear about this, Steve? If anything, I would think you’d be one of the makeup artists, y’know being an art major and all.”
“Wow, thank you, seriously. That means a lot to me, Tony. I really appreciate your support,” Steve beamed at him, seemingly unperturbed by Tony’s mini-rant. “If you’ve got any presentations or anything, I’d love to come and support you too.” Steve told him, sincerity radiating from his words.
“Ugh, honestly,” Darcy replied. “I fucking got fake blood in my eye last night and that burned worse than shampoo so my roommate had to practically carry my pathetic ass to the bathroom so I could rinse my eyes.”
She sent another ray hurtling his way, and he deflected it with the shield. Tony and Thor circled around her, trying to find an opportunity to get the flower.
“Yes,” Natasha nodded as Steve walked over to Tony.
“ARRRRR!” Tony snarled at the cowering students. He robotically moved to grab the lid, but an uncertain “Tony?” stopped him.
“Steve?” Pepper’s voice snapped him out of his thoughts. The widow looked up at Steve, her eyes searching his face. “Are you okay?”
Rhodes rolls his wheelchair backwards slowly, trying to avoid the scattered glass. He knew it would be cleaned up in the morning, and the day would continue as if nothing happened. It was always the nights that hit the hardest.
Tony Stark sat slumped in a plastic chair on the left side of his bed, his eyes closed and his chest rising and falling in a steady rhythm. He was dressed in the flight suit he usually wore under the Iron Man suit, and he looked exhausted.
Steve blushed, lowering his eyes. “No, I left it back, uh, in my world.”
Tony gripped the necklace in his right hand, flying around the sorceress who is now in Thor’s tight grip. “Thor, take her to SHIELD, and make sure she’s contained before you return the flower, okay?” Tony placed the necklace over Thor’s head.
“Oh fuck you, bird-brain,” Tony huffed, rubbing his head where the box had slammed so many times. It was a miracle he didn’t have a concussion already. But, then again, would he necessarily know if he did? He was beyond exhausted.
Steve woke up with a pounding in his head and stiffness in his limbs. He groaned, reaching to rub his still closed eyes, but abruptly stopped when his arms refused to obey. What on Earth? Steve reluctantly cracked open his eyes, squinting against a bright light. Glancing down, he saw he still had his suit from the funeral on, and he was sitting on an uncomfortable wooden chair. His legs were bound together with a rope, and his hands were handcuffed together behind the chair. Well, at least that explained why he couldn’t lift his arms.
“The ones around me appear to go down and cease their hallucinations,” Bruce answered, his voice laced with frustration.
“Why are you the only one here from your dimension?” Clint piped up, eyeing Steve curiously.
Morgan looked up at Steve, her brown eyes fixed intently on him. Steve crouched down in front of her. “Your dad was the best man I have ever known, and he loved you very much,” Steve told her, trying to keep his voice from wobbling.
“I will be right here when you wake up,” Tony assured him. “I promise.”
Steve could barely hear the man, the pain in his stomach was so intense.
Silence.
“T-Tony?” Steve stuttered, his eyes widening. “What, I-I, how?” Steve gawked at Tony, his heart soaring at seeing Tony again, alive and well. And not just any Tony.
“It’s a normal night. Oh! Do you wanna watch a movie?” Tony nods, more to himself than Rhodey. “Yeah, a movie. With popcorn and maybe some of those cheese crackers. That’d be nice, and I wonder—“
The billionaire stepped out of the elevator, leading Steve to a familiar kitchen. “You could start telling me your ice story while I prepare everything,” Tony suggested while opening the fridge to rummage for something.
“Oh God, you didn’t need to hear that, I mean you’re welcome to hear my thoughts, wait, that sounds weird, but yes. Yes, I’d actually really fucking love to go on a date with you, holy fuck, sorry, I’m just having a bit of a moment,” Tony pressed a hand to his forehead.
“Of course, you’re brilliant, Tony, I’d definitely enjoy seeing what you’re up to,” Steve replied, running a hand through his hair again.
“And I’m beyond grateful that I have the chance to know you. Anywhere and everywhere you are, you’re a hero, and I can’t imagine a world without a Tony Stark,” Steve told him, smiling gently at him.
