“We’re taking care of that,
“So, either of you wanna tell us how you ended up here?” Tony asks, and tries not to feel like a parent being called in to their child’s school.
“I don’t care.”
“I don’t--”
“Don’t know who you’re talking about,” Tony says, even as his heart skips a beat.
“I guess we got no choice now,” Steve says, after a short, comfortable silence. “Lemme get my wallet,” he says, and gives Tony a delicious view of his jean-clad ass when he turns to reach into the duffel bag sitting in the backseat.
“You can scan me anywhere you like,” Tony bites his lip suggestively.
He looks up from where he’d been staring at those tiny number visible through the thin white tee Steve’s wearing, and meets those blue eyes he loves so much. “Hmmm?”
Tony jumps to wrap his arms around Steve’s neck. “Thanks, gumdrop! Oh god, okay, y’know what, let’s go get one now, I’ll look everything up on the way--”
Tony can’t help but hesitate, though. “Steve…”
“Yes,
Tony looks over his shoulder and narrows his eyes. “Try me. There’s two weeks until Christmas--”
. I do. Sometimes. I just...” he shrugs, nuzzling further into the bed. “I miss you. Here.”
(It makes for some interesting mornings, for sure.)
“Yes, Ma.”
“Don’t rush me,” Tony slaps his arm. “We have to savor this moment?”
His mother shakes her head. “Handsome. So handsome, my goodness. Come,” she gestures at the sofa along the wall. “Tell me all about you--”
” Tony makes grabby hands, and Pepper chuckles as she thanks her secretary.
and yeah, she’s not fooling him.
“Tony Stark, look at me, goddammit,” Steve growls, just like Tony’d done down there, and he’s helpless to fight it. “I’m sorry–”
“Don’t move,” the blond whispers. “It’s… It’s fine. Stay, please?”
“Tony.”
“Weren’t they?” Tony chuckles. “I had to send an intern to buy them both in bulk.”
“I wouldn’t mind.”
“I love you, baby,” Tony grins. “And now you know better than to listen to anything I say when I’m anything less than half awake.”
“The things I do for you Rogers’,” Tony mutters, peeling the wrapper off a granola bar with relish as Steve’s chuckles fill the tiny car.
"Oh my god," Tony groans, "put the fucking Brooklyn voice away."
“I get it.”
“They won’t either, you know that too.”
“Y’know...” Steve cuts in softly. “If we’re careful, I’m sure it wouldn’t hurt.”
So Steve smothers the urge to tell Tony he’d like to see him in person, and instead plays along every time the man calls to ask if
hot when you’re angry,” Stone leers. “I can see why Tony’s got a crush–”
“I hate tea,” Tony grumbles, grimacing as he sips. “Why can’t I have coffee?”
Civil Union Fest Prompt #4: “Tell me a secret.”
It doesn’t take Tony long to appreciate Steve’s plan in bringing them so far away, because not a single person stops them. Everybody seems to share the single minded focus that’s brought them all here, so the most either of them get is a curious second glance or an awed wave.
“It’s yours, Tony,” Steve shakes his head, but the smile on his face leaves no doubt that he already knows what’s inside. “Just do it already, wouldja?”
“I’m okay,” he says again, looking up into concerned baby blues. “Just... come with me. I’m sure.”
“It’s just bread without sauce, tweety bird. And cheese. It’s not gross.”
. I meant… don’t you wanna know why you’re here?”
“Really?“
“When am I not?” Steve jostles him, and Tony turns to level him with an unimpressed look.
“Time?”
Tony presses his lips to her temple. “Wanna go sit with the gang?”
” is all she says, as fluently as the previous three times.
“Not when it makes you blush like that.”
go,” Tony gives him a smile, and they both know there isn’t an ounce of genuine happiness in it. “Go get ready– big day tomorrow.”
“I know–”
Got it in one, Cap.
“Smart guy,” Tony grins. “Now, who should I talk to about taking this home with me? I’m gonna need their number, and yours.”
Steve flinches. “Don’t say that.”
“Okay, maybe not planes,” Tony shrugs. “But something else– anything. Whatever you want, big guy, it’s yours.”
“Because I can’t remember the last time I saw you sleeping–”
Tony doesn’t exactly startle at Steve’s voice, but he turns to glare at the blond when some of his apple cider spills over the rim of his glass. “I’m gonna get you a fucking bell one of these days, I swear,” he sighs, and tries not to let his eyes linger too long on the breadth of Steve’s shoulders in his dark blue suit.
“Um,” Steve says.
“I’d say I’m sorry, but you know I’m not.”
Tony resists the urge to face plant the counter. “We’re all in there, Steve.”
“With…me?”
Steve shakes his head, even though all he wants to do is follow those lips. "She knows you're worth it,” he says, and feels his chest grow warm when Tony’s smile softens.
“But I was serious about that hour, big guy-- come on, hands where I can see them!”
“And nothin’ in between,” Tony leers, and pulls at Steve’s belt. “So chop chop, Captain, wanna see some skin.”
"Shit, I just--" Tony manages to get out in between laughs. "I just realized this is our fucking bed, hon."
Natasha just blinks. “We compromised,” she replies, and jerks her head to the other side of the room.
Tony has to smother his giddy giggles so he doesn’t wake Pepper, and he settles for grinning like an idiot.
,” Tony waves his hand in the direction of Steve’s face, and feels his lips quirk up into a grin to match the one currently being aimed his way.
“It better be.”
“And it’s not like we don’t get to keep her the rest of the time, right?”
“Pepper hears me all the time,” Tony scoffs. “She knows she's not supposed to repeat it. If these kids don’t, it’s not my fucking problem.”
"Right. So, we done here?"
“Yeah, honey bunch?”
“I know...” Tony says, so softly, it probably would’ve gone unheard if it’d been anyone else in there other than Bucky.
Steve has him pressed up against the wall before the door’s even closed. “I’ve missed you,” he whispers, lips brushing Tony’s jaw as his hands sneak beneath the suit jacket to caress Tony’s hips.
Warnings: NONE.
“Yeah, I didn’t see you at lunch.”
“You’re extra sappy today,” Tony finally says. “And that’s saying something, 'cause I’ve got permanent cavities from these past three years.”
“Cap–”
It starts in the morning, when Steve misses breakfast.
Because Steve does it a lot.
- - - - -
“Tony…” she says, voice ragged and broken, and that’s all it takes for Tony’s body to grow cold.
Tony doesn’t know he’s said anything until the arms that are around him again stiffen. “I can’t do this.”
” Steve chuckles, and oh, Tony’s knees suddenly feel a lot weaker.
“Yes, sir!” Steve laughs, and pulls Tony back in to press their smiling lips together.
Steve smiles down at the big brown eyes looking shyly up at him. He manages to ignore the amused snickering from Buck, Sam and Clint, the knowing quirk of Natasha’s lips, and most importantly, the flush he can feel spreading across his cheeks and down his neck. “I’m glad you think so,” he says softly, pulling Tony up to sit on his lap, and feels his chest grow even warmer when the tiny brunet settles against him with a happy sigh.
“But it’s aluminum. And vibranium. From my dog tags and the shield, because I’m a soldier and I’m Captain America, but baby, the only thing I ever wanna be from now on is your husband.”
“Infinitely.”
“How’re the decorations looking, Brucie bear?” Tony calls out.
“So do I.”
“You’re not less, that’s just stupid. Don’t be stupid, Steve.”
“JARBIS!” Barnes grins up at the ceiling, waving at nowhere in particular. “Hi, JARBIS!”
“Smart ass. Just for that, you can peel and cut those apples over there,” he points to a bowl on Bucky’s side of the kitchen island.
Tony feels laughter bubble up inside him, and catches Steve’s eye just as Barnes pulls out the first of the ornaments. “Steve... you
“Not possible,” Tony says immediately, feet picking up pace as he follows Coulson down a crowded HQ hall.
“Good morning,” he says, maybe a little too eager, but just as expected, Tony doesn’t even spare him a glance. His eyes are barely open but he clearly knows where everything is by now, because he walks up to the counter his mug is sitting on, grabs the spoon in the sugar bowl, and dumps three spoonfuls into his coffee.
“Sowwy,” she smiles, then– “p’ease?”
“I’m… here for support,” Tony says weakly. “Kid’s been whining about joining the team for years, it’s about damn time.”
Steve’s laughter is warm against Tony’s temple, as warm as the hand resting on the small of Tony’s back. “Thank you, all the same.”
God, can you imagine having to live with this all the time?
“Oh,” Steve says, “I keep forgetting to tell you-- I got a raise!”
“…Did you try countin–”
“It was square, Steve.
Steve rolls his eyes, but doesn’t waste time in going over and joining the brunet. “You ever get tired of saying that?” he asks, even as he feels his cheeks flush from the bright, absolutely gorgeous grin Tony gives him.
“But I’m-- I’m starving. Kind of, ” he backtracks quickly. “So I guess that’ll do, Toss it over, big guy.” He catches the cup when Steve obeys, and tears it open, wrenching the plastic spoon from the side. It’s just as awful as he remembers, but he forces himself to give Steve a smile of thanks, and when the blond returns it Tony thinks it might’ve all been worth it.
"It's obvious, isn't it?"
“Oh,” Tony breathes in realization, and finds himself sitting just a little bit straighter. “Army?”
“‘Bout where you work, where you... create things.”
“Well that’s too bad,” Steve says, “‘cause I’m always gonna need you, Shellhead.”
,” Steve says. “
“Guess… guess you were r-right about those bedroom eyes th-then, huh?” Steve stutters when they finally pull away, eyes still dark with desire.
Tony’s laughing before he knows he’s doing it, loud and real and a little out of place for a quiet coffee shop, but he can’t find it in himself to care when he’s standing in front of the most attractive human being he’s ever seen, when he’s being smiled at the way Steve is smiling at him.
“Why not?”
“Don’t know. My ass went numb a while back, and my toes are just abou-- no, wait, there they go. Scout’s honor, my ass...”
“You’re gonna kill me, I swear,” Tony groans, and rocks his hips against Steve’s. “But I–
Steve bows his head as he chuckles. “Sorry about that. Things got a little tricker than we were expectin’.”
“Hmm?”
“Just one more,” Steve sighs, and goes back into the kitchen with an indulgent smile aimed their way.
Steve can’t help but chuckle, even as his cheeks heat up more and he rolls his eyes. “You are a
Tony leans in conspiratorially, and tries not to blatantly breathe in the scent of rain that he knows those broad shoulders are giving off. “Only with the gorgeous ones,” he winks.
Then he’d take a box of art supplies, a StarkPhone, and his shield.
“I sure hope not, Captain,” Tony puts his plate down, and leans over the desk to kiss Steve’s cheek. “‘Cause I’m kinda getting used to having you around.”
“Kinky, honey bear. But no,” Tony smirks as he flops down on his chair and shamelessly turns his head this way and that, flaunting the marks sucked into his neck with obvious enthusiasm. He looks so thoroughly, filthily satisfied, Natasha almost feels like blushing. “You should see the other guy, though. I
“Hey, hey,” Tony says soothingly, waiting until Steve looks up at him to smile. “You okay?”
“Your window's open, why is your window open?” Tony asks, when he finally makes it to Steve's place-- and no, he didn't shower just for that, he was past due, okay?? His
Steve frowns. “I figured you could use some peace and quiet. Sorry,” he adds, “is that not... Are you uncomfortable with--”
“Liar,” Steve says, “your insides are practically meltin’, mister.”
“Where are we going?”
“Tough luck, baby cakes,” Tony tells him. “We’re staying in bed for at least another hour.”
“I think I’m allowed a break. It’s not every day I wake up a married man, y’know,” Tony purrs, stressing the last two words with a sharp, quick nip at the skin behind Steve’s ear.
“Love you too.”
“Yeah,” Steve grins. “But you woke me up for a reason, and I don’t think this was one of ‘em.”
A wave is all he gets in return.
“First time cooking at team dinner nights.”
“Oh, you’re dangerous,” Tony breathes. It’s taking everything he has not to just lean in and–
“Sure thing, big guy,” Tony says. “How does Thursday sound, at seven? We can meet here and then see where the night takes us?”
, Tony wants to say.
“Uh huh,” Tony mumbles. “He’s m’favorite.”
“No,” Tony shakes his head, scowling as the rest of their friends practically stuff their faces with pizza. “What happened to
It's a tweet that says: "*Man walks into bar covered in kiss marks* haha yeah well you should see the other guy". ;)
“Because Papa thought you’d like to name him,” Tony replies, looking over his shoulder to wink at Steve.
“Like hell,” Tony shakes his head. “Takes two to tango, Rogers. And really, Pep, can anyone blame me for wanting to get tied to
“Have you figured it out, then?” Steve asks, and he’s close enough that Tony can feel the warmth coming off him in waves. Christ, he runs so much hotter than anyone Tony’s ever met.
“Tony--” he gasps, pulling the brunet’s hands by the wrists, breathing a little easier as Tony lifts them up the rest of the way, bringing them atop Steve’s shoulders.
“I know you’ve, um, been pretty busy all day, with the gala and all,” Steve fiddles with his fingers. “So I figured you’d like a second to, y’know… breathe.”
“Can I’ve waffles?”
He gets absorbed in his lesson again, and doesn’t see the second blue sticky until he’s getting ready to leave for his lunch break. But when he does read it, he wishes he’d waited until the end of the day, because how the fuck is he supposed to get his brain to work again now?
Steve smiles, and looks down. “I wanted it to be a surprise,” he says softly. “Wasn’t even sure I was gonna get in, to be honest--”
"Sweet Mary," Steve sighs, fingers tightening around Tony's as they're led to the only occupied cell in the station.
Bucky rolls his eyes. “You’re so fucking gone, Jesus. But y’know what? I’m not gonna sit here and take any more of this, I’m goin’ over there–”
kisser. “Is this what it’s gonna be like when we meet up now?”
“Oh.”
“But I’m not tired.”
“Here to see your boyfriend, Red?”
Steve frowns. “Just one?”
“It’s the least you could do for bringin’ me out here.”
home.”
“-- for three years.”
“Papa?”
“Okay,” Steve nods, and then calls the bartender over. “I’ll have another, please,” he holds up his empty bottle.
“It’s just the first time, Tony.”
“And thorough?” the blond asks lowly.
“Maybe later,” Tony replies, wasting no time in arranging his body against Steve’s. “I’m still plenty warm...” he purrs, grinning into Steve’s neck as the blond’s shoulders start shaking.
“Here. Let me,” a smooth, amused voice cuts in, right into his ear, and Steve can’t help the full bodied shiver that runs through him when he looks over his shoulder and finds dark eyes inches from his.
“I’ll let you know as soon as Thor touches down,” Fury says.
But Steve’s voice comes back just as softly, as warmth as the hand that finds Tony’s. “Merry Christmas, Tony.”
“I won’t.”
The smug laughter his comment prompts is the last thing he hears before the elevator doors close and he’s left alone with his new charge.
, he thinks,
-   -   -
of it, I hope," Tony says through his chuckles, and he doesn't care that they both probably look crazy from how hard they’re grinning. "Gotta save some of that fun for the years up ahead."
“Um, I was.... uh--”
“Good. ‘Cause I mean it.”
“He wants to go, Tony. You can’t imagine how much.”
Warnings: NONE.
Tony has one hand at the base of the Captain’s neck and the other gripping the lapel of his leather jacket before he knows it, and then he’s giving as good as he’s getting.
“How thoughtful of you.”
“I’m really sorry I just told Adam that the whole thing in Siberia was one mistake.”
He looked at Steve, who was still starting forlornly at the door. He heard a little voice whisper,
That tingling heat under Tony’s skin had sharpened into something more painful. More desperate.
“I’ll make sure your clothes are stored safely until the event is over,” they assured brightly, reaching out and physically taking Tony’s previous outfit from his hands. “The Master of Ceremonies will be here shortly to show everyone to their places.”
“…We can’t just ‘drop by’ any time we like,” Steve replied, somewhat coldly. But Bucky just frowned at him.
cautiously… like he was nervous. Tony didn’t know why that should be immediately endearing – but he wished it wasn’t. He was having quite enough difficulty with that one simple question as it was.
He looked up just as Tony walked in - in time to catch the way Tony’s expression sharpened in concern, when he saw the state that Steve was in.
to be responsible.
Hey all - I apologise if this isn't the correct fandom etiquette (and do feel free to let me know, if that's the case) But I'm told that subscribers to this fic wouldn't necessarily get a notification if it became a series, and another fic was added...
. And then when I found out that you’d lied to me, and you seemed to expect me to
“No, there was
Steve had only recently realised that he’d not had that in so, so long.
let anyone else take my blood. Ever.”
Hearing those words in his head sent a cold chill down Tony’s spine, even over the top of this swell of comfort.
What he liked about it
And, with that, Steve realised that this might even be a weakness – that, maybe, loving Tony like this would give him all sorts of vulnerabilities that he hadn’t had before.
Easily the most unnerving thing he’d heard since they arrived in Bulsara - possibly in his life-
was about to slip away from him… But if he could only hold onto it a few seconds longer-
It was like he’d spent the last few months trying to brace for a crash, trying not to think about the inevitable destruction – only to realise at the last moment that he was actually the one driving the truck.
Jesus, Steve
...Tony couldn’t tell.
Steve felt a much heavier weight lift from his shoulders.
have a choice – a moment when he
And, of course, it helped that Steve was just so fucking happy, for once.
, Nick is right. Those tests are pretty worthless after a point. I mean, I’ve never taken an IQ test that would reward you for recognising an alien post-it note, while on drugs.”
“Hey!”
is all too vague to ask about, just yet. Without making us look like we’re asking a lot of the wrong questions, anyway… I mean – people know who we are. If they
(See the end of the chapter for
and how can I… Because I know, I – we, did do all of that, and I can’t tell you not to feel that way about it, because now that you say it, obviously that’s… how can I tell you you’re wrong about that, when I
it was never going to work. And when a second troop came, and we had to subdue them too – and by now my D
“Uh, I was cross referencing the different tracking codes they used and-” But he stopped himself with an impatient huff.
“Jesus Tony,
The man’s face lights up in shock, and then so quickly focuses into concentration.
“Well, we’ll just have to hope no one heard that.” Steve whispered, as the door finally came free. He did a quick scan of the stairwell, and only once he was sure it was clear did he wave for Tony to go ahead of him, watching the corridor for threats as Tony ducked past him. And then Steve softly closed the door behind him-
“Uh, no,” Sam replied with a shake of his head, “no, I think this is Tony’s room.”
“As it happens, you really aren’t worth the time or effort,” he sang, back to his cheerful voice. “If you’re going to learn all that, you can do it on your own. I just wanted you to know that the organisation you work for is actually run by Hydra, and that there is literally no one you can go to for help. Not Hill. Not Natasha. Not anyone. Remember, if Alexander Pierce can be a Nazi, anyone can. So, maybe think a bit about that weapon you’re helping them to build. And be careful…” He stepped back, and took a theatrical look around the room, squinting at all the dark corners before he warned Nick, “there could be eyes
we going to be together, after this?” Steve whispered.
Steve shook it away, and concentrated on the final part of this task-
…Okay. Apparently the arm still felt strong to Bucky. Did that mean they could rely on it?
“…Can I stay here?” Steve asked, softly…
to just a second earlier-
He felt the air around him shift, suddenly thicker and heavier and scented of something. The light around him looked different. The filter and focus of his vision had altered-
And Steve cut Tony off by thrusting in at just the same angle. Long and hard and deep and Tony was keening, hands tightly fisted in the sheets and Steve was fucking him like his life depended on it.
Tony gave him a bitter smile. “The cancer’s probably going to get me before that happens.” Steve just gave him an unamused glare, a muscle twitching in his jaw and Tony sighed. “Seriously, Steve, you don’t need to worry about me. I'll be fine.”
“You nearly got your arm ripped off.”
It took a Herculean effort to put distance between them but he did with a smile. Tony smiled back with a nod, face mirroring what Steve felt and the two of them went back down to the lab to initiate the Bifrost and get back home.
Steve pulled out to the tip and pressed back in slow, relishing in the sound of Tony groaning at the fluid motion. Steve took that as encouragement and did the same thing again but a touch faster.
Steve shifted, almost like he was nervous. “No.” He settled on.
“Whatever you want, baby,” Tony replies. His hand is warm and firm in Steve’s. “I love you too, y’know.”
The locker rooms are a mess of hollers and laughter when Tony slips in hours later. Coach Lensherr gives him an exasperated look but doesn’t stop him, and it’s only a few moments later that Tony finds Steve standing by his locker, freshly showered and stuffing the last of his things into a duffle bag.
“God knows why,” Steve sighs, but when he leans in to kiss the brunet, both of them are smiling.
“I like the sound of that,” Steve grins, and leans in to taste the smile on Tony’s lips.
“So am I,” Steve counters, narrowing his eyes. “My little ‘frowny face’ got to ya, didn’t it?”
. “Everybody listen up.”
Tony’s grin is blinding, and when they eventually settle back down to watch the movie, so is Steve’s.
“I need you.”
He's still the same guy he's always been-- Tony thanks every deity he doesn't believe in for that one, really, because losing his best friend would've probably killed him-- except all that Sugar and Spice and Everything Nice is now tied up in any red-blooded human’s wet dream.
“Know that,” he snaps, because Steve told him that already. “St’ve tol’ me ‘lready.”
“Stark,” Barnes calls out. “Stark, hey, look at me.”
“I always do,” Tony replies honestly. “You’re hot when you get all competitive.”
“I like to think you’d be a little more careful if we ever had one,” Steve replies, and Tony looks away to hide the hitch in his breath.
“I’d apologize, but, y’know, it’s bound to happen again.”
“Tony–”
It feels like the room goes still. “What?”
“Let me use my other arm!”
“Baby–”
“Dog– we, uh…” he stutters.
Prompt: “Tony so desperately wants to have a kid and be a great father but at the same time he is terriffied. So when they adopt a child Tony is too scared to even pick him up, he doesn't try to talk to him etc. Steve is helpless. But then a mission goes wrong and Steve goes missing for two weeks. And the night when Tony finds out about it he just goes to his son and picks him up and when Steve comes back Tony and their son are inseparable.”
“So…” Steve says quietly, after some minutes of careful silence. “Was it as bad as you thought it’d be?”
Steve’s lips are soft and warm, just like the rest of him. But then five seconds pass, and then another, and they still haven’t moved. He’s not kissing back. Tony feels his blood run cold, and
“Really?”
"I just... He's my best friend. Sorry, Rhodey--"
Tony nods.
“Like what?”
in an empty, ruined building. “Stop, red light. That topic’s-- that’s off limits. Just get to the point.”
Steve spares a quick, wide-eyed glance at the box, then looks back up to meet Tony’s eyes. “I c-can... I can wait, if you, uh, really want me to?”
“So go sit down.”
“Obviously not. You own that block too.”
“Bring it, big guy.”
!” Clint screams, popcorn garland immediately forgotten as he scrambles across the floor and swipes his purple Hawkeye look-alike. “Wilson, catch!”
“Why do I feel like I’m the only one who has no actual control over my life, hmm?” he asks her. “You and Bruce and Rhodey won’t get off my ass about this dissertation-- y’know, this is actually
“What is this?” he asks.
“I dunno,” Steve says, and then grins as he tightens his hold on Tony’s waist. “I’m pretty happy with what I’ve got right now.”
“Sorry,” Tony shakes his head weakly. “No can do, Cap--”
“Somethin’ like that,” Bucky snorts, and then gives Tony a smile. “Whatcha got there, though, huh? Captain America?”
Steve laughs, and pecks his scruffy chin. “I thought you liked dirty.”
Steve sighs. “I’ll be careful, Shellhead. I promise. We all will.”
Steve’s blush comes back with a vengeance. “Oh my god– get outta here, you punk!” He waves the man away.
“Mmmhmm,” Tony nods, and grins when their daughter pops back up again, her hair a riot of golden curls around her face. “You feeling better, aren’t cha?”
“Bucky…” Steve sighs, reluctantly drawing his eyes away from the gorgeous brunet across the bar. “I can’t just. He’s not alone, what if–”
“Sure did. Those were some sights.”
“You were saying?”
"About... this?"
“Nope. You owe me a dance, mister!”
“If you say so...”
“I don’t…” Steve looks down so he can’t see the pity in Tony’s eyes. “I don’t think I can… I get it, it’s okay, you don’t have to, uh, introduce us. I can’t imagine he’ll be eager to meet me if he finds out about… everything,” he says, and god, his face is burning now.
“Shit,” he mumbles. “Sorry, Cap, what was that?”
“No you’re not,” Steve shakes his head, words falling from his mouth like a flood. “You’re not replaceable, Tony, not to
Everybody knows that.
"They’re everywhere."
“He’s okay,” Natasha says, voice soothing and even like a lullaby, and eventually, Tony feels her fingers around loosen around his wrist.
sleeping on the couch tonight,” he says, stepping out into the brisk evening air.
“I might’ve... called him an angel when I woke up,” he admits, and Pepper laughs so hard she almost falls off the side. It’s always been one of Tony’s favorite sounds, so he thinks he can begrudge her for it just this once, even if it’s at his expense.
“Hmmm?”
“True,” Tony’s still grinning from both kisses, “so I forgive you. At least you can make it up to me now, so yay for that,” he cheers, resting his hands on Steve’s chest.
Sam shrugs. “Fine with me. Here ya go.”
Steve just leans over to tip the mug more into Tony’s mouth.
- - - - -
” comes Wilson’s scandalized cry.
“God,” Tony groans, just as they reach the living room. “You’re so responsible, it gives me hives.”
need-
“Not always,” Tony grumbles, but the effect is ruined when he moans around a mouthful of pasta and bacon. “Jesus Christ, this is from Marcello’s down on third, isn’t it?”
“Steeb?” Comes a soft voice in his ear, and Steve turns to find Natasha standing over his shoulder.
“No wonder he was good for you.”
“Tony--”
When he hears soft chuckles beside him, he turns to find Steve with the dopiest grin on his face. “But
“I still don’t… like… the cold.” Every time Steve blinks, it takes him longer to open them again, and the sudden panic that seizes Tony chills him to the bone. It’s not real, he knows it. None of it is real.
“Was it? Then how ‘bout this?” Tony leans in, putting his lips to Steve’s ear: “I want to rip every piece of clothing on your body right now, and then I want to lay you out on this couch– on the floor and the table, and the wall, on our bed– and lick every fucking inch of you. I want to blow you until you’re moaning and gasping my name, and then I want to work my fingers inside you, my mouth. And then, finally… I want to make love to you, over and over, until you forget everything but how it feels to have your husband’s cock filling you up.”
Steve’s shoulder are shaking even before Tony’s finished talking. “Oh my g--
“Okay, Tony.”
Steve just nods, cheeks still dusted with pink. “Ma’am.”
Sounds like a challenge. Alright, kid– bring it.
“All your fault. You’ve got me feeling all warm and fuzzy inside.”
Tony tries to push down the disappointment. “No, yeah, I get it, we can reschedule--”
“I missed ya,” Steve says, all smiles and dimpled cheeks, and Tony’s thinks he could cry from how much he loves this man. It washes over him, slow and warm, until every inch of his body feels like sunlight.
“It’s your first tattoo, Tony.”
“Cap—“
“Christmas with you,” Steve says, then leaves the room with a quick kiss to Tony’s forehead.
“Y’know, I think…. If I ev-ever d-die, I think… I’d like… to… go out j-just like this.”
“You can get fudge too,” Tony promises, breathing a sigh of relief when the tears disappear.
“Yeah, no, I do. Just... seemed like something you’d do, I don’t know,” Tony shrugs, picking up Clint’s garishly purple card, and then he huffs out a quick laugh. “Jesus Christ, did you even read these?”
“Well,
Rumlow just laughs.
“It’s not for you.”
“...I was little, okay?” Steve says, and feels his heart skip a beat when Tony cackles into his pillow, all thoughts of sleep forgotten for the both of them. “Oh, like you never did anything like that!”
It’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen.
“Y’knocked me out wi’yer ball.”
- - - - -
“Then what’s the plan?” he still asks, just to give her one more chance to not say it.
“Yes,” Steve’s nodding frantically, and the next moment, he sweeps Tony into his arms, closer and closer until their faces are buried into each other’s neck. “I love you, I do, so much, Tony. Oh my god, you beautiful, wonderful man.”
“What am I gonna do with you, huh?” Steve mumbles, but his smile is fond as he steps into the kitchen.
Steve rolls his eyes, chuckling as he tucks the fluffy covers in tighter around his husband’s form. “Just go back to sleep. You should be better by tomorrow, if you take it easy.”
“Tony?”, the voice, again.
Stars are starting to make their appearance in the dark sky outside the slightly open windows, roads and landscapes chasing one another while they are driving home. Tony has been holding a conference that night, and Steve offered to wait for him until he finished all the pleasantries with the many people present at the meeting.
“I miss you, Tony, but I’m coming home”, he closed his eyes, and coughed again, but that was really not that big of a deal.
Steve jumped from the couch, thus approaching Tony on the chair and grabbing his hands out of the blue, surprising his own self. “Of course”, he murmured and Tony quivered a little when he raised his look to meet his one- shiny blue eyes that seemed to have trapped the universe’s sky in them.
Steve nods. “Well, you stress yourself so much with work for you daughter all the same, so I don’t think you have something to reprimand yourself for” he says, and his words warm Tony from the inside. It’s nice to hear some comfort sometime.
The flirty tone seems to have quite an effect on Steve, since his neck and ears flush with it, and his eyes widen. Tony is already wondering if he might apology for his boldness, when Steve goes to pick up a ball too, and subtly leans into Tony’s ear. “I’d rather top
He had really wanted to undergo the surgery. He wanted to take the reactor off, he knew it was some kind of an impediment for him, to be so exposed to external threats. People could just slightly hint at touching the arc reactor and Tony would totally freak out.
, he wanted to say, but he did not want to be that desperate, he did not want to show Steve just how much he needed to be touched, to be loved, to feel anything at all.
“I fell in love with you because I couldn’t stand being alone anymore.”
He can spot another change of expression in Steve’s look, but this time, it has something to do with a deep affection he himself can feel in his heart.
“Well- that makes us even then” he says. He leaves a kiss on Tony’s temple, hugs him even tighter.
The hurt look on Steve’s face made him finally weep, and he felt such a kid, and once again he tried to look away, but Steve’s fingers were on him again, now gently stroking his hair and back, and holding him tight in his arms.
Steve feels like in a trance, his gaze firm on Tony’s figure, so pretty in the clear sky blurring in the blue sea. He reaches out too, and he grabs Tony’s hands with a bit of uncertainty, but Tony doesn’t even flinch at that, just tugs him along, until the edge of the waters covers them over their mid chest.
“Yeah?” Tony asks pointing his nose up to look at him.
. He couldn’t help but think that whenever he was actually going to say it, he would be left alone once again. But with Steve he had so often felt the urge to say it and he knew, he
“Mary!” a man calls, and the giggles of the little girls cease on the spot.
Steve laughs lightly but Tony goes on. “I’m serious!” he states. “I think what you do is great and I feel you on the ‘I want do my passion as a work’ thing. I want it too. Hope one day you’ll get there” he smiles sincerely and Steve seems to be appeased by his words.
“Always the man with the plan, huh?” Tony teases, smiling into the kiss Steve pulls him into.
“I was a fucking riot, Rogers. Just sit back and enjoy me.”
“I can’t wait to be home.”
“Art buff, huh?” Tony raises an eyebrow, but Steve just chuckles.
Tony barely keeps from stumbling as he gets off the bike with a swing of his leg. “You’re a menace,” he growls, heart thundering in his chest. “There was no way that was legal.”
"We've got New Years comin'."
seem your type--”
He sees Tony grin from the corner of his eye. “Came to get Jeanie her picture with Santa.”
“I don’t–”
“I’m still not giving her to you,” he mumbles, and doesn’t even care that the words come out a little shaky. Steve’s always had the ability to throw him off like that.
“Yes, Mr. Coulson,” they mumble, but when they leave the room, Steve only feels the warm tendrils of anticipation.
“Umm,” Steve pulls back to count the blue strips. “Twenty... two? I know it’s not that many--”
“Unless you need my help?”
“What are you scared of?”
“But I still like it,” Pepper defends, head tilting to the side thoughtfully as she goes back to staring at the painting. “I like the colors, the texture, the feel of it… I don’t know. I like it.”
“I always wanted a dog.”
“Then I want to name her Lyla,” Steve says. “It means--”
“‘Easy’ is my middle name,” Tony grins lecherously, but the effect is ruined when he immediately sneezes three times in a row.
Steve looks out at the rest of his team scattered all around the otherwise empty ice rink, and shrugs. “‘s my first time.”
Tony doesn’t let her get any farther than that. “Okay, I’m outta here,” he says loudly, standing so fast, he almost sends his chair toppling behind him. “Good luck in prison–”
,” he says, looking over his shoulder to meet the dark, unimpressed eyes of Vice Principal Coulson through the glass door. “
“I can go talk to ‘em. If you want?” Steve offers, eyes a steely, determined blue that’s completely at odds with the way one cheek bulges out adorably around an entire slider, and Tony feels a now-familiar rush of warmth bloom in his chest. “It’s not right for ‘em to be houndin’ you all the time-- not at your Ma’s gala. And especially not during the holidays.”
“No.”
“Okay,” Natasha sighs, rising to her feet to herd everyone from the room. “Time for bed,
Blue eyes, bright with amusement and happiness, meet his through the mirror. “Admit it– you just wanted a reason to shoot Clint.”
Tony lets go of Steve with a kiss to his jaw, and crouches down before their daughter. “Well, see, he doesn’t actually have a name.”
“Thank you,” Steve whispers, leaning to press a whisper-soft kiss to Tony’s cheek. Tony almost closes his eyes against the warmth that spreads through his body, and hopes that the rest of the team is still distracted by Remy and Clint’s antics.
“Don’t care.”
“You were my first,” Tony says without thinking, and then widens his eyes open when Steve’s breath hitches loudly. “First to tutor-- first
“I wouldn’t say no to that,” Steve replies, even as his blush grows, and Tony wants nothing more than to taste that smile.
“This,” is all Steve says, before leaning over to press his lips to Tony’s cheek. Even above the low noise coming from the television, Pepper can still hear Tony’s sharp, shocked gasp, and the sudden intimacy of the moment has her looking away for the first time that night.
“It’s the least you can do,” Tony teases, even as a thrill runs down his spine at the thought of having Steve down in the workshop again. “Even Butterfingers is annoyed.”
“Exactly,” Pepper smiles, and Tony lets her lead him out the room.
! Someone’s moaning but Tony doesn’t care because he’s still pressed up against all that delicious muscle, his knees going weak as Steve practically mauls his mouth.
“Come on, then,” Tony manages to wrestle them both into an empty lounge chair, focusing on the small crowd around him to keep his heart beat steady as Steve stays plastered to his side.
“Sure as shootin’, mister.”
When “
“I see that.”
They do, wide eyed and ramrod straight and utterly
, he fucked up.
It’s only because Tony is staring into the darkness that he sees the shadows move, then a woman comes out and starts walking towards him and--
, I won’t let you stop me from doin’ a lot more than tellin’ ‘em off. You’re absolutely worth it.”
Tony’s grin feels easier than it has in a long time. “He gets them from me, too,” he drawls, and feels a surge of victory when the blond’s cheeks flush ever so slightly.
know me,” Tony smirks, even as he feels his face burn. He walks up the the bed until he’s standing in front of the Captain, right in between those thick, sooted thighs. Up close, the man’s even more beautiful than before, and Tony tries in vain to keep his heartbeat steady. “Hold still then, Captain.”
“I know–”
Tony nods, and when Steve crawls over to sit next to him again, he doesn’t bother trying pointing out that there are still more than a dozen presents still scattered around the floor. “I’m used to... this,” he waves his hand around their general area, “but it-- it means something now.” he whispers, breathing through the lump in his throat when he’s pulled into warm, familiar arms.
“I’d do a hell of a lot more for you.”
“Love you too,” she says before disconnecting, and leaves her office with a grin that’s far more eager than it’s been in days.
“Now have some toast?”
“Thank you.”
“Are you okay?”
“It was
,” he jokes.
“What’s up, tater tot?” he asks.
“I just want some milk.”
"How did...?" Tony breathes.
“I do too, y’know,” Steve says playfully, and chuckles when Bucky just rolls his eyes.
- - - - -
“Wassa date, Stebe?” Bucky asks.
"The twenty sixth?"
Steve shakes his head. “Sorry, people with concussions are not allowed caffeine.”
“Mine.”
Warnings: NONE.
Looks down.
“Nervous?”
"Your mom, for one," Tony replies, pulling back, and he grins when Steve rolls his eyes. "And I
“Nope, shut up,” Tony stops him. “It’s great, I love it. But honestly?” he takes advantage of the face that they’re finally alone to take a step forward, into Steve’s space until they’re inches apart. “You make an even better present.”
“I'm in trouble.”
And Steve’s pretty sure they’re on their way to something deeper and closer, something
“Fine,” Tony says, “but if I wake up on the floor, it’s your ass, buddy.”
“Little by little, one travels far. Go Rogers! Rah rah rah!”
"Party pooper."
“Nope. You’ve been hiding down here for far too long–”
singer–- and the tempo rises and rises; in seconds it feels like the whole room is just bursting from the music.
fucking cute.
“Steve--”
Tony could kiss himself for keeping the blush off his cheeks, and just rolls his eyes again.
“Mission parameters,” he continues, “we can use everything I’ve got in my studio, but--”
“Yeah, yeah, I promise I’ll have an extra special breakfast to make up for it, ‘kay, Cap?”
“What can I say?” Steve smirks. “I’m a big fan. Plus, it’s soft, and bright, and very comfortable.”
know?
“More than anything, sweetheart. So, whaddya say?”
- - - - -
“That’s good, right? The whole point of this is to get people to vote for me.” Steve looks so damn hopeful, Tony’s heart skips a beat.
“Who wouldn’t?” Tony giggles. “Besides, I wouldn’t mind posing for you again. It’s always so much...
His best friend sighs, and rubs his a hand over his face. “Just go over there and talk to him, Stevie. Ask him out.”
Steve just grins, and leans back in to taste Tony’s own smile.
Steve's face is an absolute
(Never mind that sometimes, he imagines what it’d be like to wake up and hear that voice right next to him, low and rough from sleep; to feel Steve’s lips on his neck, on his chest, and then lower...)
Natasha sees it when no one else does.
“Nothing to forgive,” Tony sighs, kissing the tip of her tiny noise. “You having fun?”
“Save it,” Fury snaps. “Not another word from any of you idiots. I want each and every one of you in my office in the next minute or you are out of here, is that understood?”
“It’s perfect,” Steve says, and feels his smile grow into a grin at her happy cheers.
“You told me.”
“What?” Tony shrugs, ignoring the way Pepper smiles apologetically at the people around them. “Pep, you can’t be– this is– I mean, seriously,” he leans in closer, “what the fuck is it supposed to be?”
Steve takes him back with a grin, then holds him out to Tony. “Wanna hold him?” he asks.
“I know,” Tony replies around a lump in his throat, and then he smirks. “So... any desert after this?”
“Does that make you the dad-- well, the other dad?”
“What? I didn’t do anything,” Steve says, even as Tony feels those broad shoulders shaking with laughter.
"Yes, Tony."
“I do, I know that,” Steve breathes into Tony’s hair, and then pulls him down until they’re face to face beneath a mountain of covers. “I love you too. You’re… everything.”
“Antonio--”
“I’m not starin’,” he mumbles, and reluctantly drops his gaze to the flowers he’d been arranging in a vase.
“Are you ready?”
“Yes, sir,” Steve mumbles glumly, but Tony’s heart gives a lurch at the bright amusement swimming in those baby blues.
“And Cap. And I’ve got more money than a billion Santas, so knock yourself out, sweetheart.“
“You don’t know the half of it.”
“Um,” Tony licks his lips, and tries to calm the sudden pounding in his chest. His whole body feels warmer just looking at the blond. “You–” he takes a deep breath, and smiles back. “Hi.”
“Yeah, Doc said so.”
Warnings: NONE.
- - - - -
Warnings: NONE.
- - - - -
“Please?”
“Ugh, no, stop,” Tony winces.
“I’m not avoiding, I just…” Steve looks down and picks at the cheese.
He still is.
“Charmer,” Steve sighs, pressing his lips to the tip of Tony’s nose, and even with Tony’s blood still burning and singing beneath his skin, he feels his heart give a bright, sappy lurch.
“You’re a little shit, you know that?” he asks, grinning. “My god, I should’ve never told you--”
“Hell yes,” he whispers, and when he grins Tony seriously has to wonder if he’s ever seen anything more perfect.
I… don’t know.
“Oh my god, Tony, shut up,” Rhodey hisses, pulling him closer when more than one AIM fan glares at them. “Just watch the damn game.”
Except most times, he ends up staying for lunch, or dinner.
“…Deal.”
“Tony,” he breathes, hands trembling around the box, but Tony snatches it away from him before he can say anything else.
He looks like he’s about to cry, and
“You need to rest, Tony.”
“Shhhh,” he whispers, “don--don’t be s-so loud. Open... open the door, ‘m outside.”
“I better get on that, then,” Steve grins. “Can I, uh...” he jerks his head in the direction of the elevators, and Tony’s heart gives a happy little lurch when he realize what Steve’s asking.
“Sorry.”
“You’re ridiculous.”
"Might be some bad times in there too," Tony says, eyes falling to the hollow of Steve's throat, and just manages to catch his nod.
“Sweetheart--”
“Papa!”
“Because I love you.”
“I’m not,” Steve says loudly, and then looks surprised at his eagerness. “Shit, sorry. That... gosh, that was loud, wasn’t it? Sorry--”
- - - - -
The man stares at him and then chuckles, closing the door and walking towards Tony to stick out his hand.
“Is that...”
] That’s no fun. Let’s get down to business, though, shall we?
. Not that.
He also wonders if there’s any use trying to make any sense of
Tony nodded, willing to do anything Steve asked of him in this moment. Tony shifted himself so he was laying half on top of Steve, ear pressed to his sternum. He felt the reassuring thump of Steve's heart and felt the tension slowly ebb from his body. Tony closed his eyes and relaxed against the steady beat of Steve's heart and the reassuring press of his hands rubbing his back.
Tony stared at him for a long moment before giving up on words and just kissing Steve's lips, pushing Steve back into the cushions with a groan.
Tony took the proffered hand and gave her a once over nearly kicking himself for not noticing their eerie resemblance sooner, the jawline alone really should have tipped him off. "Stark, huh? Well, I always knew I would've made a fine looking woman."
Steve pressed a hard, wet kiss to Tony's mouth when he entered him, swallowing his moans.
“So, I've been told.” Tony said with an easy smile.
Tony snuggled closer at that. “Me too, Winghead.”
Natasha's expression became subdued. “How long did they give you?”
Tony shook his head and gave Steve a half smile. “I appreciate you stopping by, Cap, but as you can see I'm fine.”
“Easy, Tony.”
Tony felt his lips quirk up in amusement. “Your wife already made me promise that.”
“You need to stop this.” Steve said.
Tony could guess well enough from his own experiences what had provoked that response and moved to change the subject before he put his foot in his mouth and upset her further.
Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve's light tone.
As the Ultimates PR rep, it was Betty's business to know everything about everyone and she prided herself on that fact.
“Yeah, we do. And you married the guy?” Tony asked, still reeling over his counterpart being married to Steve fucking Rogers.
“I always do.” Natasha said earnestly.
It wasn't a question.
He felt the pressure lift off his shoulder before gentle hands turned his face upwards. Tony opened his eyes to see bright blue ones staring back at him.
“Okay.” Tony said with a nod, walking over to Natasha's work desk. “So, how does this multiverse machine work? Actually, can we back up to the multiverse in general and what you know about it?”
They were bickering like, well... Him and Gail.
He gave Bucky a firm hand shake and gave Gail a friendly kiss on the cheek, offering to help her finish up the rest of dinner.
Tony did end up sticking around. It was actually through town gossip that he discovered that Tony Stark was actually
“Thanks for the heads up, Sheriff.” The man said, giving him a two fingered salute.
True to his word, Tony was there with not a minute to spare. His hair was slightly damp but he was clean and looked more like his old self.
Every time he saw Tony working in his shop, he stopped in.
Tony blinked at him and swallowed a few times, seeming to start a few wordlessly sentences as he studied the ring on his finger. Tony finally looked up at Steve, his eyes wide and a little glassy.
The hem of the robe fell just below the cleft of Tony's ass. Steve felt as Tony shivered when he hoisted the fabric up to his lower back.
"The resemblance is positively uncanny." Tony observed, letting out a low whistle.
Tony was kissing him desperately as the two of them fumbled for the bed. It had been so long since they'd been together like this and Steve was like a moth to a flame.
“I missed you, Shellhead.” Steve said, rubbing a soothing hand up and down Tony's arm.
Steve adjusted his grip on Tony's hips and did just that and God, Steve wished Tony was the other way around so he could kiss the heady noises coming out of his mouth and then Steve was coming and coming-
Steve narrowed his eyes. “It's ten in the morning, Stark.”
Natasha shook her head. “No, though I do have a cousin who loves to give me hell every now and then. You?”
"Woman me is hot. You're hot.” Tony explained. “And unlike my Steve, you haven't punched me in the face for suggesting it yet, so I'm already ahead in that regard.”
Rogers didn't retort for a long moment. “Don't be a dick, Tony. Of course I fucking care.” Rogers admitted in a lower tone.
Steve briefed them on what happened in the tomb while Tony told them about what had happened to him after communication was lost. After a surprise appearance from Loki had been dealt with, things began winding down.
Thor was keeping an eye on his brother to make sure he didn't cause any mischief and the others had retired after a while, sensing the need for Steve and Tony to have some space.
He was about to roll over in favor of going back to sleep when he heard the low whine of a repulsor above him and his eyes shot open. There was a striking woman in a three piece suit with black hair and bright blue eyes standing over him. The gauntleted hand was steady and aimed at his head.
“You know, you could stay a bit longer, if you'd like.” Natasha offered.
Steve guided Tony toward his room and Tony groaned happily as he caught sight of his bathroom. “God, I've dreamed about running water for weeks.” Then Tony's face lit up as his eyes landed on the counter. “And my razor. I've needed a shave so bad.”
He thought back to what the other Steve had told him and couldn't help but smile.
"Yes, that's my name darling. Don't wear it out." Tony quipped with a wink.
Tony unlocked and opened the door to greet Steve with a carefree smile. “Hi, Steve. What brings you here today?”
“Since last week.”
Steve gave Tony a long look. “Sure.” He said finally before stepping inside.
“Give him a minute Sheriff.” Jan said kindly, having witnessed the exchange.
As the months continued, their relationship continued to grow.
5. Bucky
Tony frowned. “I'm sorry to hear that.” He said, taking another sip of his drink. “He was a good man.”
Rarely anything surprised her nowadays which is why it was shock to walk into the Triskelion's cafeteria and see Tony sitting next to Steve talking in low tones. She watched as Tony stopped mid sentence and lifted his hand to Steve's lips, presumably to wipe something off of them.
Tony cocked his head, studying him for a moment before he shrugged and walked over. Tony nearly tripped over his own feet but managed to sit down with no incident.
Steve's started at that. "What?"
Tony sauntered in after Clint had, martini in hand, as he flopped down next to Steve.
The man turned to him, eyes focused on him sharply. “They killed someone you knew.”
“Ready to get to work, partner?” Steve asked, stepping up beside Tony, hands on his hips.
Tony let go of Steve, fixing him with a smile that Steve returned.
She hadn't thought Steve liked guys in that way, but Steve had definitely looked at Tony's lips and then shown amusement at his sexual innuendo.
The man smiled at him brightly. “I'm Tony. Tony Stark.” He offered out a hand.
Tony caressed a hand down Steve's cheek. “God, I love you so much. I just-”
Steve nodded. “I just wanted to warn you that despite my best intentions, they hold a lot of the power here in Timely.”
Tony gave him a wan smile and put a finger to his lips. “Yes, you did.” Tony huffed a self-deprecating laugh. “You know what the worst part of all this shitshow is? That even after all she did, I still love her just a little bit.” Tony snorted and drained what was left in his martini glass. “Though, I guess you of all people know a bit about loving someone you shouldn’t.”
It was just as well that Tony was hallucinating now. It was no less than he deserved.
"You haven't even met him, darling. He's as straight laced as they come.”
* * *
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Stop what?”
“We’re over.” Steve said sharply, leaving no room for argument. “Just like you and Natasha are over.”
“We do this,” Steve said a bit hoarsely. “We do it on a bed.”
Tony shrugged. “Anywhere between six months to a few years.”
“Tony.” A voice said and then a hand came down on his shoulder. Tony didn't shrug it off.
Natasha's computer beeped which had her walking over to it, heels clacking across the floor.
Tony felt something warm blossom in his chest at the thought. Steve had stayed with him after Jarvis' funeral. Steve was here again now because he hadn't been answering his phone.
Tony raised a manicured brow. “Is it me who shouldn't be alone tonight or you?”
“You went against direct orders.”
Tony looked a little awkward and adjusted his waistcoat. “Thank you. For last night.” Tony clarified with a strained grin.
* * *
“Steve.” Steve felt compelled to add. “My name is Steve Rogers.”
Tony clung tightly to Steve's shirt and felt his eyes slip closed.
Steve stripped down to his boxers and laid down next to Tony, brushing a strand of his too long hair off his brow.
Tony eased off Steve's lap and led the way into his bedroom. Tony flopped onto the bed luxuriously and reached for the bedside table that no doubt held the things they’d need tonight. Sure enough, Tony was throwing a packet at him, lube in hand.
Steve raised an eyebrow and Tony gave a put upon sigh and set the glass down and dramatically pushed it away from himself.
“How long have you had this?” Tony asked quietly.
Natasha cleared her throat and Steve started, half forgetting she was there. He put some space between him and Tony and looked at her sheepishly.
Natasha lips twitched up and she leaned back. “Yeah, I did. A part of me will always love Ru, but I love Steve too. He's my anchor and he really helped me after what happened. I can't imagine my life without him.
4. Jan
"Wait, your Steve punched you?" Steve asked, concern overcoming his features.
Tony looked at him with such fondness, placing a hand to Steve's face and brushing his fingers across his cheekbone, before saying, “I love you, too.”
Jan found herself happy for him. Steve was a good guy and while she and him hadn't been a match, it was nice to see he wasn't haplessly pining over her.
“Okay, you
Fury immediately regretted thinking that as he heard raised voices coming from medical.
Tony pulled back first, breath coming in heavy pants. “So, I take it you missed me?” Tony asked lightly.
(Tony ended up buying Steve a ring the very next day. It was identical to the one he had bought for Tony but it was in white gold. When it glinted in the light the color of it reminded him of Tony's armor. Steve absolutely loved it.)
"Ask me what?" A voice said and then Steve Rogers was entering the room, wearing jeans and a form fitting blue t-shirt.
The first time Steve had ever met Tony was in the middle of a bar fight. Steve had been in his office when Sue had coming running in, telling him things were getting out of hand at the saloon. Steve had followed quickly after her. He opened the saloon doors just in time to see the first punch thrown. One of Fisk's cronies had drawn his fist back and the man with a sharp mustache and black hair was hit squarely in the jaw. The man stumbled back, half from the hit and half from drink but he smiled before launching himself at Bullseye. Steve lunged forward grabbing the stranger by the back of the back of collar, yanking him backwards.
“I love you so
fun!” she exclaims with her mouth open in a smile,  and Tony grins by himself.
, he reminds himself.
Tony, he would have come without even questioning it.
“Did you already seduce the whole beach?” she jokes with a sweet tone.
He was feeling really annoyed by his attitude, but at the same time his heart was beating faster and faster as he tried to calm down himself, also hoping Tony wouldn’t notice his quite undeniable blush.
And right now even his own bedroom reminds him of Steve, he can almost see him all focused in reading some book lying down on the white sheets of his king size bed.
“Oh, so now we’re no longer friends?” Tony looked clueless, while pointing at the two of them “
He rolled his eyes and kind of laughed in distress “And now you have just made me be so rude to you, you have created this whole drama just because you couldn’t repeat -as a
“No!” Mary complains, but Tony is immediately by her side.
The other girl’s head turns up too, and she looks at him with curiosity.
Tony rolls his eyes benevolently. “Oh come on, army guy” he teases. “Can’t you handle some cold water?” He steps further, overtaking Steve, his legs slowly disappearing under the water.
“I’m sorry”, Tony is finally able to let out in a whisper, but his eyes are still filled with tears and he does not even know what exactly he’s apologising for. He’s just some kind of ashamed to be seen like this, a wrecked version of himself, someone who he always tries to hide or even deny existing.
boring. People can’t even dare to say something funny around you because you’d look them with that look of disappointment of yours.
Tony frowned “Were you listening, Cap’?” For a moment he seemed concerned, as if Steve was really minding his own business.
“It won’t” Steve had reassured him once Tony had confessed him his worries. “I’m not going anywhere, I’m not leaving.”
Tony mumbled out an
“I fell in love with you because I had nothing to do” Tony murmurs, and once again, at first, Steve looks disoriented, almost as if those words were directed to him.
“It’s so cold!” Morgan yells with a giggle.
Steve tries to even out his panting breath, and glares at Tony. “Yes” he mutters. “You did.”
He pretends to try and free himself from the two little bodies hanging on him, Mary closing her arms around his shoulders, and Morgan tugging at his arm to make him fall into the water.
She picks up a ball with both her hands, probably because of the weight of it, and she throws it like Tony suggested. The ball slides for a couple of seconds before falling in the gutters beside the lane.
But he knows he doesn’t have to; he can say “thank you”, two simple words, and meaning a total rainbow of emotions with it.
But he managed to make the girls join a children club which is going to have a sleepover that night, so maybe he can finally have some time with Tony alone.
can’t wait for Steve to come home!
“It’s- it’s the song’s name” he explains, tightening his lips.
out. How can he explain he just wants to cry? Tear up until all his tears have been shed, until he cannot even breath or think.
Inside Steve’s hand rests a fine and elegant blue bracelet that’s radiating a pale glow, hinting at the neon light it probably would propagate in the darkness.
“Tony”, Steve screeched, looking at the ocean “for so many years, so much time, I convinced myself you had said
Steve brings an hand to his forehead, combs away one of Tony’s curls. “Better late than never” he states leaving a quick peck on Tony’s lips. He reaches down with his hands now, resting them in the middle of Tony’s back, drawing him even closer.
Tony definitely doesn’t reach for his own cheek with his fingers.
Tony reaches out with his arms. “You’re gonna abandon me like this?” he teases again.
She frowns. “Just like that?” she asks.
“We sort of switched kids” Tony finally states, and chuckles at his own words. “I mean-“ he bubbles. “Look at your daughter, so lively and loud, just like me. And look at
Steve doesn’t let him finish his sentence, just pushes him lightly to make Tony keep on walking. “We’ll see how the night goes on, Tony Stark” he states, but his tone is playful. Tony grins.
Mary rolls her eyes again. “Yeah, yeah I got it” she affirms. “You know I always tell you when things annoy me” she shrugs.
Steve bursts out laughing, shaking his head at Tony’s praise. “I can’t believe you” he reproaches fondly.
The following turns it becomes clear that it’s actually a competition between him and Steve. The girls seem to find the ball too heavy, and except a couple of lame throws, they mostly make the ball fall in the gutters by the sides.
Tony looks up at him, his heart pounding in his chest. “Thank you” he whispers. “I love it.”
“Yes, yes it
Lightly my darling.”
The girl looks at him again frowning deeper. “I can come with you to ask her” he offers, and at that Mary parts her lips, before giggling loudly.
Then it happens quietly, slowly, a soft touch on his shivering hands that tries to still them; a repetitive dirge that is aiming at calming him down.
And it really is like this, because whatever he is doing always leads his mind to Steve. To his hands, to his hair, to his eyes and gentle smile. And Tony feels so desperate whenever he swear he can
For a brief moment, neither of them lets go of each other’s hands. Steve focuses on the sensation of Tony’s hands entwined with his, calloused over his own soft skin. He likes it.
Tony pouted and crossed his arms “You’re making fun of me! Why don’t you find another teacher then?!”
“I wanted to give you this-“ he speaks again turning to meet his look with Tony’s, now holding something with his fingers, “you know what- forget it”, he scoffs once more and briefly starts once he feels Tony’s soft touch on his skin, gently trying to open his hand.
He sat on the edge of Steve’s bed, and the blond man looked at him in confusion.
He almost
are the problem, you know?”
“That sounds tiring” Steve comments. He’s so focused on Tony talking that he has not even touched his drink again.
“You won’t” he murmured. “I’m here.” He leaned forward and gently put his arms above Tony’s shoulders, then hugged him tightly, stroking his hand on his back.
A piercing pain had hit his heart causing him to stop himself from moving, and the little girl decided to shyly approach him now reassured by his quiet look.
Steve suspects Tony has something to do with that, but he doesn’t inquire any further, he just grins widely and greets them with joy. In this way the kids play together all day long, while he and Tony can spend more time together.
“You’re way too good-humoured tonight, miss” he points out.
“Yeah, yeah of course!” he exclaims, and once he has shaken untold thoughts away from his mind, he manages to turn on the music, then proceeds playing the song the other man was talking about.
“I care, Tony, I care” he repeated while making himself closer. “I care so much, more than you’ll ever think.”
Tony Stark” Steve comments trying to keep hold of his kite.
Steve laughs at his smirk. “If you’ll have me, I wouldn’t mind to come too” he confesses.
For a long time, whenever he would remember or even slightly think about the time in Afghanistan, he just had to look at his own chest to have the certainty, the proof, that he was still alive, that everything was fine.
Morgan goes on. “He’s funny and pretty” she says. She stays quiet for a moment, listening to Pepper, then she laughs. “You’re always the prettiest, mommy!” she finally states.
“Yeah, you’re right” Morgan bubbles, and Tony realises he has been staring at the kids for a little too long.
“Tony!” Mary screams circling the man’s back with her arms and legs, like a little monkey. The fact that his own daughter is comfortable with messing around with Tony makes Steve’s chest clench with another wave of happiness.
! This is it! You’re doing it once again!” Steve snapped, opening his eyes wide “I can’t stand you!”, he almost shouted, and he seemed so out of himself that he started to ask himself what
Tony kisses him again, makes his own tongue dart in Steve’s mouth. “I thought it would never happen” he confesses.
“What is it?”, Tony suddenly asks with worry, but Steve shakes his head turning his eyes away as an ironic smile shows up on his face.
He’s still shaking, and for a moment that seems to go on in eternity, he fears he’ll be trembling forever until his heart will explode in a thousand of splinters.
“First time coming here?” Tony prompts. Simple talk. He can do it.
Steve kept holding his hand the whole night, and for the first time Tony did not feel alone.
He sees Morgan a lot, he really does. And Pepper is a sweetheart, and they never disagreed on any terms about their divorce, but Morgan inevitably spends most of her time with her mother, and there are weeks when he and Pepper are both overwhelmed with work and cannot really give much attention to their daughter. The only difference is that once she’s home, Pepper gets to see her, while Tony doesn’t.
“You know,” Tony was confiding with a very soft and low voice “for a long time I thought I had nothing to do with you.” He stopped, and Steve punched harder the sand sack in front of him.
But he still did not tell anyone what he was doing. Steve had gone on a mission, and Tony knew it was not fair to him to do this thing while his boyfriend was away and unaware of the whole situation. But he also knew that Steve would have insisted to remain there with him and desert his mission had he known about it, and he couldn’t allow it, not when there were lives depending on it. So he had hidden the appointment, he had said goodbye to the blond man, and once he made sure no one would question his stance, he went straight to the hospital.
“In daytime I wanted someone to meet with, in nighttime I wanted someone to dream of.”
He remembers how the girl kept on talking that morning, but he was still thinking about all the appointments he had to postpone for that week. He knows this is the only time he has to spend with Morgan, since the rest of the summer she’s gonna stay with her mom, and he really wants to be free to stay with her the most, but his company is not gonna run by itself, and he’s kinda scared he’s not going to be able to balance his businessman’s duty with his father’s duty.
Tony shakes his head firmly. “I just-“ he trails. “I just thought that it’s kinda funny if you think about it” he blurts out, his eyes still resting on the girls ahead of them.
Steve jolts and looks at him with his mouth parted, a questioning expression on his clueless face and Tony clears his throat a little embarrassed.
Tony makes a constricted expression to this, so Steve takes his hands in his own, softly stroking his skin.
Lately they had got along very well, and Steve had discovered that they were really a powerful duo when they decided to cooperate instead of arguing and fighting over everything.
Tony grabs his own glass, drinks from it not breaking the eye contact, then sets it back on the table, circling the rim of it with a finger.
“In daytime I wanted to talk about my dreams, at nighttime I wanted to talk about love” Tony translates once again, and then he clears his throat, because now that he is listening to it after so much time, he actually thinks that this song sums up his feelings a lot.
Steve is there, his soft and kind hands all over his face and back, trying to give him every bit of comfort they possibly can. His face seems kind of distressed, and his eyes are shining with tears  difficultly held back. At the sight of it, Tony feels a piercing guilt in his heart.
, but Steve was already talking without waiting for his permission “Things wouldn’t be so complicated if you just acted like a normal human being, you know, just knowing when it’s the right time to laugh or- or- to joke about a situation, or, I don’t know, make a pun or something.
But every time he looked at Morgan, he couldn’t help but see Tony in her, so he had began by narrating missions and tasks of the Avengers, and once he felt comfortable enough he started addressing her dad too.
Tony glanced at Steve and cocked a performative half smile, before he turned and strolled confidently towards the bar.
on that – that there were people who objectified and sexualised the worst thing that could possibly happen to anyone-
The quiet strength in his shoulders and arms, the sweep of muscle that was usually covered by some form of armour or another…
And then something shifted in the very foundations of him, as he became aware of a more fundamental fear, something so vast and terrible that it didn’t have a name…
He let himself sit with that for a little while longer, before he asked himself how long he
…The instant jolt of feeling something solid push against him, someone he couldn’t merely toss aside-
want this. Tony thought Steve was…
The softness of his lips and the feel of his hands and that sweet little sighing sound that he made…
“That was amazing,” Rhodey gasped, wiping a tear from his cheek. Steve grimaced at himself.
He’d worked out that it was likely to be a total waste of time. That he didn’t even know what he was hoping to find out, or how they would possibly use that information.
Steve already knew it would do no good to share any of that. That there
And, God, he missed Bucky.
And then he glanced back at Bucky, pinching back a different sort of smile when he said,
He knew it was the best option available to him. Taking things as they were, rather than how he wished them to be… Thinking about what would be most efficient, and practical, under the circumstances… Then, logically, Tony should just swallow his resentment and make chit chat about the h'orderves. He should
he could do, at this stage.
would then lead to a giddy rush of nervous hope, as Steve began to think about how that might look with Tony – as he found he
he could say. It would do. “We’ve been invited to a party.” He snatched the envelope from where he’d left it, beside the coffee pot, and handed it to Steve without looking at him. By the time he could bring himself to glance up again, Steve was already reading the card.
you if you like him” Rhodey informed him, confidently. “I know you. I’m
one lie – and I meant it when I said I was sorry. I know you were right. I just… when I went to explain
…If Tony could follow this instinct
But Tony did just about remember their cover story, as the guide turned around to face them again. He hoped he’d arranged his face into something other than abject horror.
burning under his skin, and that recurring compulsion to get up, move,
“None what-so-ever,” he agreed, brightly. “Is it important?”
chance they had of blending in enough was obviously-
“Yes,” Tony replied,
how they should react, if you change the background variables by those percentages… I don’t actually think they’re making that bit up. I’m saying, the only way they could
“Oh God, so good,” he whined, tears stinging at the corner of his eyes. Steve let go of an animal growl and dug his fingertips into the sensitive flesh above Tony’s hipbone, sending sharp shocks of pleasure down through his thighs. Tony could hear his breath shaking. He could feel Steve’s cock pulsing inside him. “Let go sweetheart,” Tony whispered, rocking against him very gently-
An alarm sounded in Tony’s head. Warning him to dissuade Steve from launching a full-on interrogation, in this state. He knew they were dangerously close to Steve forgetting they were supposed to be undercover at all…
Tony also makes that clear to Steve at the start, so there is no implied sexual violence or power play, and Tony does give Steve one yes/no chance to continue or get out of this - although, as its a non sexual situation, he hasn't bothered with prior discussion or a safe word or anything, and he continues to tell at Steve even when he looks visibly upset.
make new mistakes in this timeline, even if you don’t know everything or get everything right, even if you’re not the man that I remember - even then. If that’s what you’re actually worried about.”
It was the sweetness of it that finally broke him.
, he’d thought it once – briefly, while feeling bad about himself… but he’d
And even then, Steve could barely take those details in - he was still so overwhelmed by what he was holding.
He wanted to refuse out of spite. Because he was petulant like that.
“Look, I’m sorry,” he huffed. “I really don’t mean it to sound like I’m laying into you, because I’m not. It’s just that… I care about you, and I’m just watching you mess this up - when you don’t have to. And it’s not just you. It’s not fair to
you can ask
Briefly, Tony wondered if he should be horrified by that - or, at the very least, if he should be horrified at himself, for not being horrified.
At the time, Steve had focused on the casual way Bruce said,
Really, he just wanted to get the gala bit of the gala out of the way…
just made perfect sense-
And then he saw him.
And it wasn’t the setting itself that was so astonishing. It was the fact that, at the moment, after the particular day Steve had had, this was exactly what he’d wanted. That every little detail was so perfectly
“If you believe any of what they’ve just said.” Steve sighed, like he was talking to himself.
Just hearing Adam say that… Steve understood that he’d never want to forget anything that had happened between him and Tony. Not the confusing bits, not the painful bits, not the embarrassing bits – none of it. He wasn’t sure whether that was the same as wishing it’d never happened… But, what
“Colonel Rhodes to see you, sir.”
Tony didn’t much want to think about
“...Or I’m just telling the truth,” Steve suggested.
sweet, and… I’m just… sorry I forced that on you, when you’re just trying to be nice – you don’t have to go along with that, it’s okay, I know.”
way two people could talk, even in theory… That was why Tony had cut himself off from the world in the first place. Because he’d realised that it was literally impossible to have a normal conversation, much less any sort of relationship, when he shared so few experiences with people… and whatever experiences he did have, he couldn’t share.
eventually wish he’d said something… like people do.
“What sort of rash?” Gary demanded, tilting his head back - thinking nothing of it when Steve moved up close to him-
He flashed Bucky a smile he didn’t really feel, and gestured towards the door.
he kept doing it… But Steve’s bluntness had robbed him of any chance to do it unawares.
And it
...But then, there
“I know you must think-” he croaked - but Tony cut him off, pointedly.
Tony could see every detail of Steve, every shift in his muscles, every tiny movement in his limbs… Tony could
The little tug of novelty, the personal appreciation of the aesthetic, a basic human interest in what was going on… He’d felt all of that, the first time around.
Steve might have been able to do any of those things, yesterday. He might have been able to build up to them, at least. Those things might’ve been stepping stones to
Tony shook that thought away automatically, more concerned with the strangeness of the scene in front of him.
“Anyway, I should probably let you get to your meeting,” he announced more forcefully, looking away. Steve swallowed, and tried to hide the way he deflated.
at least fed the hungry. Little comfort to his wife, of course - she committed suicide, when she realised the unspeakable evil her husband had unleashed on the world… Still a darn sight more than you’ve ever achieved. But, you know, I think you could be at least
this feeling, that
And damn near lost his breath all over again.
Steve saw Bucky flex his wrist, and then glance first at Dr Stape, and then at each of the guards in turn, and then at the door. Steve understood entirely – and he understood that it was his job to get Dr Stape into position.
know where it comes from, and I haven’t felt fear like
And then he looked up at Steve again, and it occurred to him that it wasn’t the same instinct now.
The panic gripped him tighter, as he recognised that he should’ve panicked sooner. He went back over his train of thought, growing increasingly anxious as he realised how slowly everything was filtering through, how strangely he was looking at everything…
Better.
And it was only that Steve still too appalled, too outraged, that this man had even
He thought through what he’d just heard Tony say –
it, at least?”
...The fact that, of all the ridiculous, unbelievable things that Steve had said to him, it was ‘I love you’ that he couldn’t deal with.
you knew, then fine - Steve was quite certain that he’d
Before he could second guess himself, or think too hard about it, he took Steve’s hand-
So, Tony would probably be hit by a wall of horror and panic pretty soon…
Tony huffed out a joyless laugh, that tension in his forehead sharpening into an actual headache. He knew he was annoyed by that,
“Two of our top agents – who have since disappeared.”
Tony broke into a grin, his cheeks warming with excitement before he’d even processed it...
So, they made their way past many drunk-and-semi-naked people, and sat down. The fact that two men were fucking – really rather aggressively – on a couch just two feet behind theirs barely occurred to either of them. They were both far too focused on spotting Maribelle, and the prospect of ending this mission, and going home…Together.
was when he figured out what he wanted, and exactly what he should have done - and wasn’t that typical of him?
… On the one hand, it hadn’t fixed anything. But on the other hand – well, he’d made it this far.
“You know what I’m
important… wasn’t it?
, he could just
…He couldn’t call Steve his
be thinking about...
where Steve was.
“That’s a waste of Asgardian booze,” he reminded Tony, pointedly.
that you were Howard's son, I’m not sure I
Because, on the grandest scale, in the long term – his entire world view had changed, and for the better.
, as it turned out.
That should have been obvious, shouldn’t it? Just a matter of instinct…
And, oh, the taste of him…
Even if Tony wouldn’t care.
else…” Steve decided, as he said it.
“That’s it sweetheart, like that, that’s good” Tony purred, completely still except for the firm caress of his fingertips on Steve’s hips.
“You know… Are there ever things you just want to
And then he felt that heat surge from deep inside him, that wave of pleasure that just kept breaking as his orgasm crashed over him. He screamed – something that was meant to be Tony’s name, and ended up as an almost pained,
And Tony knew he should be paying attention to her. He was
Since Tony had brought it up…
And then the edge of Steve’s canine teeth traced over a specific spot - that Tony could’ve sworn had never been a scaldingly sensitive spot before today - but now, it was like every nerve in his body had been set alight, from that one teasing touch.
And he knew he had to. He couldn’t tell Pepper that he’d just left both of them on the doorstep, when this was the first thing she’d asked of him in twenty years. He couldn’t break this promise to her, not now. And Tony knew he couldn’t really do it to Rogers or Barnes either. Tony wasn’t exactly sure
the debilitating drugs of Anni Vara.
Finally, I'm sorry that this chapter once again focuses very much on Steve's relationship with Tony and not much on Bucky - the chapter breaks were altered in the editing process, so now you have a very Bucky heavy chapter to look forward to in two weeks time 😀
God, he just felt so…new, and clean, and…
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Steve replied merrily, turning to face him again. “I’m afraid I only help people when Tony Stark asks me to. So, if I were you, I’d start making nice with him
“No,” he sighed. “I mean,
But then he realised… All the time he’d spent in that ‘magical’ place, with all those drugs to enhance every sensation and all those incredible events to feel good about… None of it felt as incredible as this moment.
“I love you,” Steve answered, his lips still brushing over Tony’s neck. “I love you, and you’re alive, and you're
at all-
It was giving into that wonderful, welcoming quality in Tony’s voice, the same warmth that he’d spent the first timeline chasing, the magical ability that Tony had to make things seem possible again…
Steve thought about saying something. He literally thought the words
Oh… oh that still felt unnatural. And wrong. Just hearing those words in his head made Steve feel weak and pathetic and small. Instinctively, that
at risk, or upset the global political balance in anyway… And I couldn’t see any reason we couldn’t just stop, if it turned out to be a bad idea – or why that would be worse than just not doing it in the first place… So, that’s kind of my list?”
But he wasn’t out cold-
But fuck, it felt so good.
His first conscious memory was of Tony’s hand on his shoulder, and then the feeling of rolling
Tony felt a little smile tugging at his lips.
Adam was already on his feet – his legs visibly trembling, and his eyes squeezed shut against the renewed flow of blood that Steve’s kick had unleashed…
And he could
the way I love you, and there isn’t anyone I’ve thought about more than I’ve thought about you. And, if I ever lied to you when you asked me what I was thinking, it was almost always because I was thinking about you – and I know it sounds ridiculous for me to say, why didn’t you know I cared about you, when I was always so scared of you finding out how much I cared about you, how much I – wanted, you…”
Okay – The Accords. That had always been first on the list. He couldn’t tell Tony he was sorry he… hadn’t…
The energy thrumming through him in that moment, the relief and excitement and
He just fell into it, trusting it to catch him… and it did.
things we would’ve liked to say about that. Things he would’ve liked to scream at the top of his lungs.
So, he braced.
to be, right? They should consider themselves
“Because there
Steve felt an affectionate smile pull at his lips, despite all the emotional turmoil that had just crashed over him.
He’d never been as beautiful as this, not even in Steve’s daydreams.
he should probably go and investigate that, at least. He could at least make himself read some labels, in the name of the mission…
to work.
“Well, uh, maybe you should call me, when… it’s done” Tony suggested, stiffly.
By the time of the fourth appointment, Steve had stopped pretending they weren’t the highlight of his week.
He couldn’t risk fucking it up.
be an effect of this worse than… not having it...”
really aren’t the point. And I will focus on whatever everyone was
So, he tried his best to cover it. He hoped he sounded more cheerful than he felt, when he welcomed them both, and asked how their week had gone.
“Oh, like they’re actually going to pit us against each other in like a battle royale, or something?” Rhodey joined in.
And then the disorienting sensation that briefly confused him, as his wrist fell free of the restraint.
He could picture him so easily, every little detail of that beautiful face…
“Seriously Steve,” And he leant forward, to emphasise his point. “You don’t have to come with me, if you don’t want. But if you don’t give me a solid reason not to, I
But Tony just let his forehead rest against Steve’s, an understanding expression in his eyes when he said,
He was
“Well, then you and Steve were the
…He had already done it, hadn’t he? That had all really happened… hadn’t it?
“Where’s Steve?” He asked at last, turning to scan the crowd again.
And then there was just Tony.
But it wasn’t the same dreary routes he’d trudged along on so many other sleepless nights. It wasn’t the obvious anxieties, the topics he might’ve expected to fixate on right now.
to think about - willing himself not to start rehashing the evening before he was even through with it, telling himself there was no point torturing himself with endless
He was going to stop thinking about it. He
Tony’s cock pulsed angrily, soaking the front of his robe – but still, he ignored it. He
Steve was caught off guard by the pleasantly uncomfortable heat that curled under his skin. A sheepish little smile began tugging at the corners of his lips, as a whole
And he couldn’t explain that. He couldn’t explain that to
happened, hadn’t it?
remember your office phone number” Steve carried on with his line of thought anyway “And, anyway, you
And then the low, comfortable ache of Tony’s teeth settling into his flesh, a warmth rolling through his muscles-
Steve and Tony shared a glance, while Zan was catching her breath again. Steve remembered Tony saying that they’d only have a few minutes before this dose wore off, so he pushed ahead with the next question.
all the unreasonable ideas they had before.”
Steve had finished reading it, at least. If nothing else, he could say that he’d read every detail there was available…
Tony fell down on a couch with a dull
“I’m sorry,” Tony said again, this time muffled against Steve’s neck.
you to, please, please-” he let his head fall onto Tony’s shoulder, shrugging up to meet his lips. He could
couldn’t get to the gunman in time to stop that shot.
“Have I?” Gary sounded slightly concerned himself now, raising a hand to his forehead - which was sweaty, of course, because it always was.
something I was feeling and I didn’t
That, actually,
. Then an overload of information, as all the things he should have been thinking reappeared, all at once, in no particular order. Moving far too fast to read. Suddenly, he had the horrible feeling that he’d lost his head at the worst possible moment.
Because
“Okay. Good.” He murmured. And then he looked up again, and he was back to the same casual, co-worker smile. “Come on then,” He breezed. “Let’s go and get you drunk”
And he didn’t care if it was selfish, or unfair, or if it wouldn’t work in the real world.
Steve’s heart seized in his chest.
So, Steve sat patiently, and Tony rattled through his points, occasionally bringing a holographic display into life over the coffee table, to prove something that Steve hadn’t actually questioned. Steve kept his eyes fixed on Tony, or whatever Tony was showing him, nodding along with Tony’s logic. He spoke only to answer direct questions, or give the occasional assurance that yes, he was following so far.
did try to, uh, compromise, there. I remember you saying, you know, that maybe it wasn’t impossible, with safeguards… and I was just so excited at the prospect of maybe winning this thing that I didn’t even bother to ask what safeguards you wanted. Just a blunt,
you to trust me, when Vienna happened, even though I’d lied to you once. I was hurt that you didn’t. And I never thought it was the same thing, with you. That maybe you could still be hurt that I didn’t trust you, even after that mistake…” Tony carried on, his voice reduced to a whisper by the sheer emotion in it “And I am
, they weren’t the same assholes actually causing the problems in the first place. If the people calling me an arrogant ideologue weren’t usually in the middle of a plan to
Steve, tearing his gaze away from Tony’s grip, looking him right in the eye and telling him,
“No, really,” Pepper nodded. And Steve would’ve liked to argue with them - he felt like he
A strange little shiver ran up Tony’s spine, hot and compulsive and somewhat at odds with his elated sobbing…
“Um… Well, it was weird, actually…” Tony frowned.
say it was like a truth serum or anything” Tony explained.
result in a confident, immovable feeling of love like this - if anything, didn’t the purity of his affection for Steve suggest something… more than human?
“You look well,” she observed, in an entirely different voice – narrowing her eyes at him, curiously. Tony’s smile broke into a broad grin, which he tried unsuccessfully to bite back.
had a chance to evaluate his tendency to take the world’s problems on as his own. To acknowledge that his fear of doing the wrong thing had paralysed him all too often… led him into letting the wrong thing happen, because he couldn’t think of the perfect way to stop it. To recognise that trying to be Captain America for everyone had only resulted in him never being Steve Rogers to anyone... And it had never worked, anyway.
“I love you,” he murmured softly, his eyes falling shut.
He felt Rhodey turn to stare at him. Natasha just blinked.
“Well, I, uh, I know how to take my own blood, and there was an empty Med Lab, so, I figured, you know, I’d take the chance while I had it…” Steve over explained. And somehow Tony found himself smiling.
“…As long as that?” He managed, eventually.
counter arguments – even when it turns out a family if evil aliens have compromised your entire theory, right under your nose – and
take a step closer then, before he could stop himself-
him anything. It was enough to hope that Tony wouldn’t be offended by the betrayal, or put off by the ominous strangeness of the whole thing - Steve most certainly wouldn’t be asking him to get involved with it.
Tony’s beautiful brown eyes, looking down on him…
Steve frowned at himself, unimpressed. Immediately, he warned himself not to go looking for excuses. He already knew that he
or anything - well, except for when I’m making a ridiculous effort to… to… well, at the time it feels like I’m trying to help. Maybe I’m just trying to make myself important to him…” And then he gave his head another shake, more irritably this time, like he was losing patience with himself. “I’m just saying - it’s not his fault if I can’t be the one to help him. And it’s not his fault that I want to, or that it hurts me that I can’t. And it’s not his fault that everything I try to say to him either makes him nervous or angry, even now… And it’s not his fault if he thought about telling me, and didn’t
Steve maintained the tense smile, while he tried to convince himself that he wasn’t put out by this. He reminded himself that Peirce didn't know how much Steve wanted to be somewhere else. He told himself that being annoyed by this demand on his time was disproportionate and unreasonable.
“I know you
“You think you forced that on me?” Steve gasped, struggling to express how completely wrong that was.
Steve almost felt sorry for Gary, knowing that he was about to miss out on what might be the only moment of excitement in his entire SHIELD career…that this might be the end of his SHIELD career.
He was blissfully, deliriously happy-
?” Steve spat, leaning over Adam now, “I am
, we thought maybe we had an unfriendly agent on our hands…”
. His orgasm just crashed through him, like a wall of water breaking through a dam, every shred of resistance within him just washed aside by the force of it. That intense, pulsing pleasure deep inside him, drawing everything down through his body, concentrating everything into this feeling surging through his hips, the pit of his stomach, the tip of his cock. He could feel himself moaning, but he couldn’t hear anything over the roar of the blood in his ears, he could barely see through the cloud of stars on his vision-
And he thought of Tony’s hands on his chest. A real, physical memory, a moment he could feel and smell and taste. He remembered the thrill that ran through him as Tony pulled his shirt up over his arms…
And twisted his fingers inside him-
“No, I mean, he was talking about this place as if it
And then he looked up at Tony’s house, silhouetted against the evening sky. There was that familiar twist in Steve’s gut, just from knowing that Tony was near…
Yeah, he didn’t want to think about what that might be, either.
was why he was so consumed by Tony Stark. It would be nice to be able to explain that much, at least. Why Steve should find himself picturing Tony’s face all the time, without warning, and for no reason. Why he should be so confused by his own reaction – after all, if Steve weren’t poised to leap on every attractive stranger, he probably would’ve been happy to file Tony under ‘annoying but okay’ and moved on with his life. It was just that basic,
“Er… vaguely?” Pepper frowned, glancing between them and Tony’s face. “It didn’t work?”
have done. And she wasn’t just thinking about how she could get away with it, she was thinking about what she could
of Hydra’s files will be connected to this system,” Tony sighed. “Anyone who was
the exhaustion catching up to Tony, now that his task was out of the way. He watched as Tony’s eyes fell shut again, his lips softening into a pout as the tension drained out of his limbs...
And then he remembered the simple human happiness that lit up Steve’s whole face, when Tony said he’d like to help Steve learn more about vampires.
Tony pressed himself up onto his arms, so that he could look Steve right in the eye when he carried on,
And so was Rhodey.
And he saw Tony’s eyes flash with surprise…
“Thank you,” Tony replied, in a sincere tone. And then Steve heard him smile. “...Maybe later.”
This was everything.
By that time the fifth bag was almost full, and Steve decided it was probably best to stop there.
It did feel better.
...That was the priority, he decided. He could think about everything else after that.
Jesus Christ, Tony wanted that.
He glanced at his ‘finished’ pile of stacked boxes, and again wondered how many other clues were still hiding in between the accounting records, overlooked while he was daydreaming about Steve…
like other people to me, you aren’t like anyone else, and I don’t love
Tony opened the cabinet above the sink, his nose wrinkling as he remembered what an appalling batch of blood this was…
He let go of a heavy sigh. This wasn’t the point right now. The more pressing concern was whether he’d just blown the plan to take SHIELD down - or fallen into another trap altogether, or missed the chance to gain an advantage…
And Steve stilled, this hopeless, lost look on his face…
that it wasn’t really about any of the drugs anymore. That the FOCUS was probably working its way out of his system now, and the Fantasia was probably meant to have the opposite effect – that, even if he
Whether he should be fighting these new associations that were beginning to form…
Perhaps it was that cocktail of giddy emotions that his next question got swept along with - because it was the sort of question that he would’ve over thought himself out of asking, normally…
But Steve knew what Tony wanted. Tony knew he did.
And he knew, this was
“Jesus Tony, you feel so good,” Steve muttered, like he was talking to himself. “Fuck, the sounds you make, the way you move-”
But he had to. He had to know as much about this drug, and this plan, and this man, as he possibly could – now more than he ever had. And he could see Tony thinking the same thing. Looking at the cells with the same pointed effort. The same wet eyed terror clear on his face.
comfort was the spiteful joy he felt at knowing something they didn’t know. Being so sure that Tony had already removed that component – and that ‘the company’ had no idea. Thinking of Stape being so very confident that he could remotely disable Bucky’s arm. Imagining the moment that he realised he couldn’t.
...That was the first time he’d laughed since 1944.
Tony could read it all so clearly.
him, and it wasn’t that Tony thought Steve was lying, and it wasn’t even that Tony thought he was fundamentally unloveable – it wasn’t about any of that.
“And, on that bombshell, you should probably go to bed,” Bucky told him. “And get rested up, so that I can grill you tomorrow.”
He couldn’t do anything too sudden or dramatic.
He was maybe distantly aware that…
Of course he did.
It felt like something that would actually make him feel better.
Steve knew so much of the difficulty Tony had with this was not knowing how to react to it – well, he knew it
But he’d felt too awkward and vulnerable, realising he’d fallen fast asleep in front of a stranger like that.
That I was saying that to… So, yeah, I do regret that, obviously. And I would obviously handle the whole Accords thing differently now – better. I just…”
“Oh Tony, you’re beautiful,” he whispered.
“What will you drink?” Steve asked, his voice suddenly clear and direct.
way you’re coming with me.”
“Yes,” he answered, immediately, leaning up to kiss Steve again-
“Yeah, sorry, I… uh, I’m just… just a minute…” Tony muttered, trying to make himself
Feeling slightly put out that Bucky should feel the need to make
love Tony.
“What’s it like?” Nat questioned, raising an eyebrow.
Well, no, he’d not
Steve snorted another laugh, and then forcibly stopped himself.
But there were only two other people in the world who had
Steve and Bucky
It was a beautiful night, soft and warm and calm… Tony seemed to have a knack for reading these events, always able to steer Steve away from crowds before they formed and avoid awkward situations before they happened. He seemed to have picked the perfect time to leave, while the main steps were deserted save for a few loitering smokers, and the driveway was quiet…
Tony was lying on top of the covers, still wide awake, when the sun came up the following morning.
mad?”
Slowly, Tony was beginning to see the real meaning in all of this - that Steve was something other than human, that it
Yeah, everyone
She had to pause for longer then, panting heavily – still trying to speak.
,” he threw his hands out theatrically, looking at Steve to confirm that it really was that ridiculous.
He remembered the panic that he was in over his head…
Steve’s head fell back against the pillows, his lips parting in a silent gasp as Tony pressed his fingertips to his rim-
No, no. no.
to let Steve Rogers come back the next time-
be able to say-
, as a matter of fact - was saying it out loud...
But as it was, Steve could only hear yet another person belittling the bond he shared with Tony.
Steve considered pointing out that he once went seventy years without a drink - but, even in this mood, he recognised that it would’ve been needlessly combative.
Tony’s stomach twisted again – but that one had nothing to do with hunger.
“I’m just not sure you’re right, in that case.” He sighed. And before Tony could say anything else, Steve just turned away and walked into the bedroom.
And Steve just burst out laughing.
right… And that I’ll try harder, I guess…”
had known the whole truth about Bucky, and Tony’s parents, since the day that Hydra fell. But rather than coming straight to Tony, Steve had decided to go on his own secret manhunt.
“I’m sorry,” he muttered eventually, “I’d completely forgotten that story…”
felt good.
And Steve smiled, because he couldn’t have hoped for a better set up for what he wanted to say.
Everything was clean, and secure, and good, now.
Tony’s eyes snapped up.
the freedom of walking around without those expectations and judgements around his neck, as though a physical weight had been lifted. He was more confident, more comfortable in his own skin… more himself. He had, entirely unexpectedly, lived out a personal fantasy. Rewritten a moment he’d always regretted, in a way that would actually count-
He didn’t even wait for them to respond before he was strolling past them, his arms already bracing for conflict as he reached out and grabbed the door handle
Tony was so full of endearment and affection that it broke out of him in a grin. Which was something of a strange reaction – because, actually, he found that whole thing heart-breaking.
was happening to him now. Something distinct from the emotional elation and the physical euphoria… A specific feeling of intoxication, of something separate and deliberate shifting his perspective, his senses…
That was it. He was done with today.
And then Tony was throwing himself into Steve’s chest, burying his head in Steve’s shoulder.
“Tony,” he pleaded, rutting up against him, seeking out more of that contact - but Tony kept his legs locked firm on either side of him, refusing to give him anything more than that teasing, compulsive pressure.
This was an invitation.
This was the first time there had
“Well… there’s a thing” Tony mused, re-reading the letter again. “So… do we take this?”
,” Steve told him, his voice measured and calm. And then, after leaving a beat for emphasis, he added very pointedly, “it’s for Tony.”
2. You don't actually get to 'see' them rescuing Bucky, per se - the next update starts with him already rescued. You do get to hear all about that through the characters thinking back to it, so you'll get to hear exactly what happened - but after attempting to write out that action scene, I came to the conclusion that this really is a better way of telling the story (I think 🙈 🤞) I just didn't want anyone to get their hopes up for something specific... Not that I'm nervous.
say that I could be there if you were under a general anaesthetic,” Steve reminded him. “Not that I should be there every time you turned up. In fact, since he –
Or a very slow and patronising explanation. Or a joke at his expense.
None of which made these papers any less boring, or Steve any more invested in the tedious detail, per se. But it was incentive enough to keep going with it. It was enough to power him through the whole of the Vampires of Western Europe without any significant distractions, and keep him focused as he turned to the Vampires of Central Asia-
And then he heard a familiar echo in the corridor, which pulled him halfway out of his thoughts.
,” Steve explained. “Or, I mean, I don’t know if either of them care, actually – but I mean it makes a difference… about them? If you say,
he could say, rather than have to leave.
He pulled his arms tight around Tony, burying his head in Tony’s hair and breathing him in, trying to think of how to express this incredible joy…
“Does it include any details on the drugs here?” Sam asked abruptly, “Or the food and the drinks and whatever? What they are, what they do, anything like that?”
That he’d been trying to think, and trying not to think, and failing at both, for twelve hours.
It was just so easy, and natural, and good.
?” Steve squeaked
Well.
As long as they were happy.
Tony let the warmth of that sink through his skin, almost getting carried away with the daydream of it-
Apparently not, then.
“You’d have to be invited.” Zan told him.
Adam blinked at him. And then
He knew why they looked so out of place, in this room.
“Today is a very good day,” Tony beamed. “And if there
Then it wouldn’t matter what
But then he did remember, and his shoulders slumped.
“We have some tests to be getting on with,” Stape replied formally, gesturing towards the shadows at the back of the room.
“Well, that’s mostly luck,” Tony huffed. “I’m not really sure what the hell I’m talking about, right now.”
And then Rhodey’s step stuttered to a halt, his eyes drawn to the gauntlet. Then he looked up at Tony, a quizzical expression on his face.
,” he smiled awkwardly, feeling as though he’d taken another step towards land when Tony smiled back. “And, I mean, I don’t want to ruin what we have either - because I like what we have. I like the time I spend with you… and I’m not expecting anything more than that. But, you know,
said if he didn’t want you to be there,” he went on, instead.
Within a few minutes his panic had burned out into an awful, anxious emptiness-
Tony kept his eyes fixed on Steve’s throat as he wet his fingers, and then ran them over Steve’s hole.
Tony’s eyes softened. He glanced over Steve’s shoulder again, presumably checking that Sam and Bucky were still there. Then he pinched his lips and gave a little nod.
the Steve that Tony was, quite accurately, remembering - and he could see what Steve was really doing.
Steve felt a stab of hurt as soon as he saw that Tony wasn’t going to speak immediately – a cold ache that grew so quickly, in the few seconds of silence.
So, Steve did his best to swallow his heartbeat, and watched Tony walk over to begin his work-
? Even though, really, he already knew what had grabbed Tony’s attention. He hadn’t thought about it when he was saying it, but he recognised it now…
And then pulling Tony into him…
And then UTRON and Wanda, and all those new nightmares – and the
Who Steve was
Tony would not be saying yes to anything, because Steve would not be
there
Steve… that was the name for it…
To begin with, I must apologise that this update comes a whole day late without warning-
not going to correct it” Tony explained, already walking over “C’mon, you’re the speed reader – you do the wordy bit, I’ll do the science bit.”
And… okay.
But it was.
He looked up for Tony’s permission before he examined it more closely, and Tony glanced at it, and smiled.
– and, that’s kind of the point I’m making. That hindsight is always 20:20. And…I dunno, some of that stuff I just -
wasn’t what had derailed Tony’s entire plan.
to happen…” he breathed, like he might’ve been talking to himself. And then he picked his clothes up, hiding in the motion as he carried on talking. “I meant all of it too. I mean, I don’t actually know exactly what I said… But I know I meant it. And it was good, if that’s what you’re asking. I am happy it happened.”
And he looked pointedly at the desk.
“...This is your house?” Steve repeated, brightly. He felt a little pang of happiness that he wasn’t sure he was entitled to… But he
I can only hope the update makes up for it!
He knew he could never want to bite Steve enough to hurt him – that it would
That was probably the one moment when Steve got to recognise what a horrible violation it was. In those few fleeting seconds he’d been so very aware that every phone call he made from his apartment, every time he cried, every time he jerked off, Nicky Fury was recording it. That if he ever
“I never say ‘I don’t know’, because Captain America wouldn’t” Steve admitted, in the same slightly hesitating, almost eager tone… Like he was having the same crisis about whether he could say any of this out loud. "Which, on the one hand, is obviously ridiculous. I mean, I
Neither Steve nor Bucky had said a word since Jesse left the room – what seemed like
actually smart, or funny, or kind – and just kind of bad at small talk. What if, when you get past that, it’s not so uncomfortable to be around him? What then?”
And then Tony was being rolled onto his front in one swift, confident motion.
“Forgive the interruption, Sir,” JARVIS spoke up, cautiously. Tony giggled at the fact that Steve still blushed at that. “But you asked to be informed if I was able to uncover any of the redacted information in the SHIELD files.” Tony perked up then, some tension finally returning to his softened limbs as the considered the possibility of a breakthrough...
here should have waited until tomorrow, but I’ve been going over this and over this for the last two days, and if I don’t say something soon I think my head might explode,” Tony carried on, “So, really, this is probably just me being selfish. But-”
But, really, it didn’t matter what the word literally meant – whether it even had a secondary meaning. It was simply knowing that there was once a society who would’ve seen Obie as a monster amongst their
As Tony was reading it aloud, Steve was shaking four little paper sachets out of the envelope. Even from here, Tony could make out the word FOCUS written on each of them.
“That is literally what we’re here to do…?” He said, instead. Steve’s shoulders slumped in a defeated sort of a way. He sighed,
“I always had trouble with that. I don’t know if it’s… A forties thing, or a Captain America thing, or… I just always found myself asking,
there…
“I would,” Bruce chipped in, still sounding dazed. “I do. I am… declining, right now…”
are the meaning in my life, Tony. You’re the reason to keep fighting. You are everything that I have to look forward to, everything that matters…”
Tony smiled back, in the hopes of letting Steve know that he understood.
Of course, he didn’t much like walking along the beach
He wanted-
Steve went to apologise, to take it back… and hesitated. He
“You have to remember, most people who end up as the CEO of a major company are more driven than that” Tony threw himself forward in the conversation, like he could literally outrun an intervention from Steve if he got enough words between them in time. “And it
...But he also knew Steve.
headroom left over to think about it-
“Me too,” Steve whispered. Tony just shook his head.
was good…
The deep sense that it wouldn’t be
Steve didn’t hear it.
“So, if you need anything else at all, just ask any member of our team” She concluded cheerfully from the doorway. “Just to remind you, we don’t tolerate the use of any drugs that weren’t dispensed by Facility staff. But you’ll find a wide range of substances available from the bars and kiosks, and we’ll be happy to advise you on their use and side effects.”
He wasn’t tired.
This moment was
She looked at him then.
A delighted giggle bubbled over Tony’s lips, and for just a second there were so many things he wanted to do that he couldn’t think of any of them-
All of which was new on him, by the way.
I’d managed the self-control you just did, and tried to use my words instead – I’d have probably said some pretty unreasonable things about your best friend. I
Tony knew -
Steve was momentarily overwhelmed by the familiarity of the conference room. An immediate jolt to the senses; the moment where the familiar felt alien, and what had just seemed normal felt very far away… And then it settled in, and Steve felt it.
And then Tony shook his head abruptly, like he’d just come to his senses, subtly pinching his lips…
“Okay, look,” Sam huffed, “I know it wasn’t my best plan. But we didn’t really make a plan, did we? And - go on then, right now, off the top of your head - what
Like it was written in the stars, or written in his very DNA - and, honestly, Steve didn’t know which of those was more frightening-
And he knew how dangerous the Tesseract was.
He nuzzled his head into the dip of Tony’s shoulder, pushing Tony’s chin higher, so that he could suck hot, sharp kisses to the line of his jaw. Tony groaned and rocked his hips hard in Steve’s lap, sending a shard of friction through to the small of his back.
together, like this.
Or had there always been a tiny,
Well, obviously, he hoped Tony didn’t wake up and regret everything. That would be awful, for all sorts of reasons… And Steve didn’t much like to think of the position he’d be in, if that happened. What he could possibly do to ease Tony’s feelings about it all, under the circumstances…
He saw Clint consider the wisdom in that - or, possibly, just recognise that Steve did at least know Nick Fury pretty well.
“Well, baking always seemed like it was
Something was keeping Tony tied to the real world, keeping him from losing himself completely…
unfamiliar…
Natasha,” Steve carried on - realising how true that was as he was saying it. “I just know things. I’m not claiming I know who she is - and, whatever she might think, I don’t have a problem with
. He waited until Steve had met his eye before he added, “you feel responsible because you are good, and kind, and selfless, not because you did anything wrong. This is
to say…Oh, so many things-
in her way.
In fact, he’d decided to stop thinking about ‘the vampire thing’ altogether, for the time being… It was too big a topic, and too vague a question... And he had to drop
that was the right thing to say. Maybe it fed into that low current of competition and conflict that ran beneath
for you to play some small part-”
guy. He felt an immediate impulse to apologise, for what he didn’t know-
Tony remembered this feeling.
This wasn’t
...Although, now that he thought of it, this wasn’t the first time Bucky had gotten a completely different reaction from Steve to the one he was expecting.
Closer to how things
He felt Tony’s thumb press roughly over his hole, sending a shock of pleasure through his hips and down his legs and the entire length of his spine. His cock throbbed hard again against his stomach as Tony teased him open, his mouth moving over the curve of his ass, and then his
Which, again, Tony didn’t mind, today.
And then he looked down at Steve – and he just
“So, what, you’re just going to go out there and sparkle at them?” Bucky challenged.
He paused, and felt the warmth of mild exertion pool in his lungs and his calves… and realised that he must’ve been walking around in this particular daydream for a while now. He smiled, blushing in front of himself-
He slammed the Stark folder closed with too much force, and tossed it aside.
And, to make matters worse, Steve still hadn’t brought himself to look up again.
Steve breathed a very soft
“And I think we need to go down and have a look.” Tony finished his little presentation, triumphantly. And Steve nodded.
“They want you with the team that are investigating what happened to that plane,” Nick clarified, carelessly. “Seeing as we have no idea what we might be walking into, we felt it was best to send the best possible contingency.”
do, whatever they couldn’t do. And you never asked,
loosening his grip on it. He’d tried to follow Tony’s new ideas and live in the moment.
Just over twenty-four hours later, Steve was being very, very still.
Like all he cared about was having Tony’s skin against his.
He didn’t remember any of the bad things that would usually be there, they just
He remembered it clearly enough that it turned his stomach, like the emotional hangover that resurfaces whenever you think back to a nasty accident… But it wasn’t the same as being there.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” he managed. “Just… Um, well, drunk, I think… and maybe still high, I don’t even know… The flower show was also a bad idea, as it turns out…”
“Well, I assumed,” Tony answered with such casual confidence that Steve couldn’t help but laugh. And then Tony turned his attention to Steve’s still stunned companions, ignoring their baffled expressions as he explained, “I’m terribly sorry to drag the good Captain away, but unfortunately our bedtimes are now mandated by a government committee, so,” he finished with a theatrical shrug, while Steve snorted another laugh-
you knew better. And, for what it’s worth, I agree with you about The Sokovia Accords, actually. Ghastly piece of legislation. Quite contrary to
“I do?” Steve asked-
right, about, you’re right that-”
Tony unclasped the medical carry case and pulled one of the bags free, his whole-body thrumming with an electric intensity – a fear unlike anything he’d ever felt before. Of a completely different nature to the anxieties and nervousness and panic his human brain had experienced. This was ‘fight or flight’, already decided for the latter. A surge of pure adrenaline, immediately and entirely focused on this one obvious priority... Like the ‘fear’ that motivates a lion to furiously maul a poacher.
happens to SHIELD,” Tony corrected sharply. “Actually, no, that’s a lie - if it was
it was a bad thing, for Fury to have found something so unknown or so overwhelming that it warranted summoning the Avengers…
, is a Facehugger.”
Even that vicious, animal rage was waiting patiently – like it knew its time would come.
And, okay, Tony really couldn’t take any comfort or credit for it, because he really hadn’t planned it this way… But he could see that this had actually been just as important for Steve as for him.
Steve let go of a dejected huff. Well, of course it fucking was. Of
“What?” Steve asked, still dazed. Tony lifted his head, resting his forehead against Steve’s. Steve could feel the heat of his breath as he spoke,
Steve had always been somewhat confused by those two, apparently competing impulses – that desire to find someone he could look after, and that desire to find someone who could look after him. He’d always felt slightly guilty over both of them. And now… it wasn’t so much that Steve had worked it all out yet. But he felt like he was starting to. Like he could
it was the fact that this would be the first time he was ‘alone’ with Tony Stark.
“Yeah?”
“Whatever,” he sighed, opening the data case and placing it on a work desk before he turned his attention back to Pepper, “Miss Potts. Got a minute?”
, that was-
, at him…
sure, just a few minutes earlier, than he’d never want anyone to
made mistakes like the mistake Steve had made – secretly building fifty suits behind Peppers back for months wasn’t ‘one mistake’, either…
was fucked either way - already committed to this warped, unknown future, because he didn’t ask enough questions of the US Army. Why
, then?” He asked, in a perfectly level voice.
true that-
This was all so much better.
...Nick Fury thought that Steve would be here for three days, and that Hydra would fall at the end of it… Even though, strictly speaking, Steve had never said that…
“You’re really smart,” he told Rhodey, directly. Rhodey blinked at him.
“Tony, are you sure?” Steve begged, barely leaving gaps between his words, already stroking his palms over Tony’s ass, spreading him open, pushing his still gloved fingers inside him. Tony just growled in response, pushing his body up against Steve's-
“You want that to be
much – and he was just
Right on cue, the sound of agitated voices began to echo through the room, as the commotion rushed up the main corridor and burst into the warehouse.
But, of course, Steve had already caught him out over that one.
…Nope, didn’t say that out loud.
If that was his
It was a completely separate question, and it had nothing to do with what Tony wanted, or what he thought was a good idea. It didn’t matter. The fact was, he just couldn’t look at
Wondering if it was weird – rude, even – to turn up that far ahead of schedule.
Initially, there was a strong urge
It was the look in Tony’s eyes. The honest, vulnerable joy in his expression, the unaffected
given Tony a second thought throughout that whole thing, if he hadn’t felt any remorse after the fact. Whether other people thought it was reasonable, whether it was comparable to how Tony felt in other situations, was irrelevant here – that had always been his choice to make, his question to answer. For himself.
“Like you want to take off my clothes”.
“It’s better”, he confesses. He feels Steve’s tense body relaxing, a brief sigh of relief escaping his lips and getting lost in his hair. Tony closes his eyes again, his heart now calmly beating without any rush.
“Then what, ‘Cap?! What?! What is it?” Tony approached him even more, as he kept pointing at him with a kind of rage in his voice “Huh? Wanna tell me what it is? Or am I making you uncomfortable?!”
A brief silence followed Steve’s reassurance, then Tony raised his brow looking thoughtful.
“Steve…?”, he uncertainly calls, and Steve does answer fixing the cloth on his still shaking shoulders, trying to smooth it while keeping on mumbling some dirge of comfort in the hope of calming Tony down.
Tony smirks at that, his chest filled with pride, while he smiles all by himself.
But Steve,
But that early morning, when he had finally decided to go visiting Tony, Steve knew it was the right moment, that perhaps waiting was worth it, because he had not previously been ready to actually see and
“It’s not gonna hold!” a chirpy voice affirms. “We should fix the proportions!”
Steve laughs but agrees, and in a matter of some minutes they’ve left the beach.
He hasn’t looked at himself in the mirror since a lot even though this is weird for someone who claims to be such a narcissist. He has always enjoyed looking at himself: to ogle at his own body when a suit particularly fits him; to appreciate his own sharp jaw; to notice how his eyebrows twitch with innuendos when he subtly smirks.
“You know”, Steve giggled directed to the headstone “Yesterday I saw Morgan at your house. She asked me if she could borrow my shield once again. She said you used to let her use it like a sleigh or something, and because you allowed her to do it I should too.”
“We’re gonna figure it out together, you know? Whatever your dealing with right now. I’m the futurist and you’re the man out of time: perhaps we were meant to meet”.
Steve laughs loudly when Tony comes back to the surface, his hair sticking around messily, his eyes glaring. Steve chuckles even more, while Tony makes an outraged face, and starts splashing him too, affronted by what has just happened.
”, Tony mumbled, his lips red because of the heat of the kiss, his eyes glimmering of lust.
He felt a shiver, something enjoyable and dreading at the same time, at the idea of being in the arms of his beloved and knowing he was not going to be held by him forever.
It’s past midnight when Tony finally returns home. The meeting wouldn’t come to an end and he was tired of listening to people talking and talking about matters he didn’t even understand.
Tony smiles apologetically. He feels his cheeks coloring at being called out, but the girls seem to be having fun, so that’s not really a problem.
Tony giggles. “Oh, let them be” he tells Steve. “As long as they do not annoy other people.”
And Steve had laughed. A soft laugh, a fresh one, full of fondness and melancholy.
“Tony?”, he called his beloved and he could swear, he could
“You know,” Tony says, looking at his daughter giggling carelessly. “I’m happy she got a friend.”
“It was me”, he continued, “I dragged you into the battlefield, I shattered your dream-life.”
And then Steve could swear he had actually
“Why so?” he asks, his lips red and swollen.
: someone who could make him feel less lonely, someone who could sit next to him and just be quiet while enjoying his company.
Steve’s next throw doesn’t get a strike, but it’s still pretty good, and his team wins anyway. Morgan looks very pleased by their victory, keeping on jumping up and down around Steve. He picks her up and makes her sway around while they both chant “we won, we won!”
“Again! Again!” she begs when she resurfaces, and Morgan joins her in her chant.
When Tony offered Steve and Mary to come with them for an ice cream, he had actually feared for an instant that Steve would refuse. But Steve had nodded firmly, accepting the offer right away, so now they are waiting for their turn outside of a ice-cream parlor.
This night he has dressed properly, a soft linen shirt and he has even trimmed his goatee to be presentable. He has no idea how this night is going to end like, but he’s weirdly not expecting anything at all. He’s just happy to spend some time with Steve. And he’s glad Steve seems happy to.
to be wrong, for the first time in his whole life.
“You-” he stuttered “You’re always-
Meetings are more interesting when he can spot the blonde man on the other side of the table: he likes to discuss in front of him, to explain his reasons and to even argue with him knowing that they will make up a little after. And the whole subject of that evening has been so boring that Tony had found himself not paying attention not even for a minute. He just kept reminding that Steve was going to return and he couldn’t wait to see him again, to hug him and kiss him ‘till falling asleep.
“Human beings enslaved millions of their own people for sugar and tobacco” Tony reminded him “Hangover free alcohol would probably be as valuable, in today’s economy.”
And Tony was just completely thrown by that response. He had no idea what she was talking about.
Tony saw Steve’s attention get snatched away, his eyes catching on his own hand, and then focusing more intently on his fingertips. His eyes melting from shocked to questioning to quietly amazed… and then Tony turned to follow Steve’s gaze… and found that cut, completely closed.
“…But, you have to actually answer it. You can’t just say the thing you’re supposed to say”
be a once in a lifetime opportunity. Somewhere that he didn’t have an especially deep, emotional connection to. Somewhere he could just
He deliberately caught Tony’s eye and raised his eyebrows,
been about that, hadn’t it?
“Is this a test?” He smiled, genuinely this time.
“Yeah, you know what, I think this is probably over,” he muttered, gesturing vaguely to the group-
” Pepper forcibly pulled him out of his head, sounding anxious now. “Okay, Tony, please, you’re going to have to tell me what’s going on with you.”
they don’t mean anything. Because if they meant something it would be all awkward and complicated and not fun anymore…”
Which was of great help, now.
Steve felt it swell up in his chest, as he became more and more aware of what this really meant to Tony. How happy Tony was… How much better this made things…
Steve knew Tony knew. He could feel it in the way Tony curled his fingers around his arms, commanding and careful. He could hear it in the smile that Tony breathed against his neck,
“You’re right. I apologise for unfairly disparaging assholes,” Bucky grinned. Steve breathed a laugh.
There was a familiar twinge of harmless guilt, as that heat began to seep deeper into his muscles. He knew that moments like these were painful for Steve, and often embarrassing, and obviously if Tony could’ve fixed this particular side effect for him he would have… But Tony couldn’t help being excited, right now. He couldn’t deny that he loved it when Steve lost control like this, that he liked being completely overpowered sometimes…
Tony had lived in fear of Obie’s predictions ever since he was turned. That repulsive innuendo, ‘
Well…
The room filled with the sound of chimes again - and, again, everybody looked up in bafflement for a second. And then Tony remembered, and sighed,
? When?” Rhodey exclaimed, his careful tone immediately overwhelmed. “What, last night?”
himself to look at Tony.
“Well, people can wait then,” Tony said, in that same wonderful, unbearable tone
Steve. That was a… thing. A specific hurt that Steve harboured. A reason he liked Tony so much. Something.
And Tony took a slow breath.
thank you,” Steve said curtly, over another round of snickering, “we’re going to the, uh, flower show, thing…”
about it, at the time. Something fundamental and basic and good. Steve could remember that feeling - almost clearly enough to recreate it…
“Urg, I should shower,” Tony groaned, wearily, clearly coming to the same realisation Steve just had. And then, as he pushed himself up, he casually added, “you can stay, if you want to go back to sleep, or have a shower here, or whatever…”
Steve turned to look at Bucky, and found him with an exaggerated hang-dog expression on his face.
And Steve heard himself snort a laugh, which he immediately bit back.
And that, now that he thought of it, Steve quite often took little titbits out of Tony’s small talk… In just this way, actually…
them to see.
Instead, he let go of a long, slow breath, before he commented as casually as he could,
awful,
been on the same drugs that Tony was… And, actually thinking about it like this, Steve wasn’t sure he had any more responsibility in that situation than Tony had. He wasn’t sure he’d taken advantage any more than he’d been taken advantage of – and he was quite sure he’d not been taken advantage of. He knew immediately that
He tried so hard to think about what to
“Then you would have just had a couple of interesting, funny conversations, right?” Rhodey pointed out.
In one instant, Tony felt that curl of shame, that anxiety about how it must’ve looked in the cold light of day, that crisis of identity as he struggled to imagine himself doing it-
their labour?”
Just the feeling of Tony moving inside him, the friction under his skin, the glorious contentment of it – just that.
“Well, did you ever think that maybe he just thought about how he was when you two met, and then he did better next time?” Bucky suggested, knowing that he wanted to help Steve out of this but still not capable of figuring out how. “...
how wonderful it was to exist without pain.
“That was the plan before we got here, and I have not got the capacity to reconsider it” Tony told him outright.
...These were the things that should have stopped him asking for these papers in the first place. Or at least made him think more carefully about the request. Steve knew, if it hadn’t been for his single-minded determination not to think about
But Tony carried on looking past him.
And the sudden thrill of Tony’s skin on his was overwhelming. It shot through Steve’s arm and made his shoulders feel weak. Tony was only able to pull him along so easily because Steve’s legs had turned to jelly. All he could feel was the warmth of Tony’s palm against his, and his fingers wrapped around his hand-
But, in that moment, it didn’t
God, he’d spent years trying not to smile when Tony said something funny… for… some stupid-ass reason…
the moment, living it and enjoying it, without the usual anxiety and background stress…
“I don’t think I could get away with staying any longer” Tony tried to sound regretful “It was hard enough arranging ten days away, without telling anyone where they can reach me.”
“...And I didn’t tell you any of that, the first time around,” he pressed on. “Well, not the stuff about Bucky, anyway - everyone knew about Hydra and SHIELD, after we brought them down, obviously… But I never told you that Bucky was alive, or that Bucky was the Winter Soldier… or that I spent the two years after 2014 trying to find him again…”
he’d put behind that wall. He didn’t see that he’d slipped from talking about Tony to talking about everything…
Question number one: Was he going mad?
He didn’t even have to think about the overall investigation at this very moment-
still a part of him that wished he hadn’t stopped. A little voice that kept on whispering,
He’d tried gathering the concerns together into one cohesive thought process, thinking it might be less overwhelming if he could name it or find a framework for it. But every time Steve thought he had an order or a shape to this thing, some random fear would shout up from nowhere and derail his thinking completely-
