“Fury’s had me in the office for fighting eight times,” Steve says. “He won’t expel me, no matter how much Ty offers him. Fury’s a good guy.”
“Don’t change the subject,” Rhodey says. “Yes, I am, but we’re talking about you, here, and how you somehow got Cap to move in. What did you even say? Why did he agree to it?”
“The Spanish versions are something else,” Bruce says. “English is pretty good, too.”
Steve watches him go. Tony makes it five steps before Steve decides
,” Tony quotes back. He’s still grinning.
He’s in the middle of turning away when Tony catches his arm and drags him in.
“You got it,” Sam says, and gets up a little more vigorously than necessary, leaving Bucky to plummet into the couch and then spring up in dazed confusion that Steve probably shouldn’t laugh at as hard as he does.
Steve eyes him. Tony had given the driver the most awkward smile as he’d handed him the ticket, like he was visiting a foriegn country and wasn’t entirely sure of their customs, but wanted to make sure he was doing it right. Tony also keeps glancing around like he might be missing something, or like he’s taking it all in.
“SHIT,” Steve yells, because foot cuts
“Oh good, we have a safeword,” Steve mutters. He looks up. “What word works for both of us, that wouldn’t make us look weird if we’re in public?”
“We might need a contract! People sue.”
“-and quite a lot of thievery,” Pepper says as she emerges into the kitchen, tablet in hand. “Why are we talking about The Book Thief and can I join in?”
Steve pauses where he had been heading back to the punching bag.
“I have this,” Steve says. He looks down at his hands, which flex against his knees. “Nobody else has this. There was supposed to be an army of supersoldiers, but it’s just me. I have to do something with it.”
When they first talk about poetry, it’s a surprise to both of them.
He puts the fork on the bench. “So where do these, uh. Where do they-”
Pepper takes the book out of Tony’s hands, ignoring Tony’s noise of protest, and hands Bucky the book.
“I can see why you like it, though.”
“What are you two whispering about over there,” Natasha says.
, Steve thinks. Then he feels weird for thinking it, even sarcastically - this isn’t romantic, this is just. Him having his first kiss with a maybe-friend who he’s pretending to date.
“Yeah. Maybe.” Tony runs a hand down his face, careful on the cuts. “We just - me and Pep - Pepper, my assistant - we’re trying to confirm if Obie’s - if we need to do something about Obie.”
“Whoa,” Steve says. He’s smiling in earnest now. “You took that thing up with jets?”
Tony shifts on the spot, but his smile turns more genuine. “Yeah, that’s fine. As long as everyone’s quiet about it.” He doesn’t look much convinced that they will be.
end up regretting this.
It’s annoying. In their messages they’re openly incredulous about Tony keeping chickens and tending crops, but now they’re here they’re just - happy for him. A bit bewildered by some things, sure, but happy to sit and listen about Thor’s endless chickens and stories of Stardew life.
“Why would I want that, I’m dating you,” Steve says. “I mean - you know what I mean.”
Tony opens his mouth. Then he closes it. “Uh. You seem like the kind of guy who might not screw me over,” he says slowly. “From the little I know about you from attending the same school for years. And, y’know. You were the first person I saw when I walked into class.”
He extracts himself from Steve and sits up straight. It looks like hard work, and then suddenly easier. “I should. Drink water.”
The lie continues.
,” Bucky says behind him, and then it all happens very quickly:
When Steve finds the couch again - which takes a bit of searching, because, again, it’s a big house - Tony is squeezed in next to Bucky and Natasha, zoning out until he spots Steve.
“Wow, that was fast. You don’t even want to consider it?”
. Steve used to watch the TV and wonder how people didn’t get bored by it, all the kissing, but now he gets it. This is electric. It’s at the very least static electricity.
Steve would lose his satisfied smirk if only Tony’s growls weren’t the cutest he had ever heard. In fact, he loved when the Omega growled, even at him. He took a deep breath, a bit dreamily, looking at how his mate and daughter jumped up and down on his chest.
, the nectar of the gods – even though they didn’t have coffee on Asgard – that he wasn’t allowed to drink anymore. They said he would have gotten used to not drinking it anymore, but those people didn’t know that Tony’s body was made up for the 60% of that brown, hot, delicious beverage.
“Steve doesn’t like that kind of talk,” he intruded and cleared his throat, trying to gain some control back. Steve looked at him funny, a bit exasperated, with a glint of a warning in the eyes and both hands on the hips, and Tony gave back the mischievous grin of before.
He didn’t really know what kind of sessions Tony had; he didn’t even know who the therapist was. However, he saw his improvements, he saw and supported his Omega dealing with his past, slowly letting go of his desire of total control, accepting his own PTSD, that the armors he created without sleeping or eating for days were the mirror of his protective nature gone too extreme. He saw him stopping from trying to fix his mental health by building armors to deal with his fears and dealing with them in a more vulnerable, exposed way. He also accepted to be Steve’s Omega; a step so big it still amazed both of them sometime. And then, his armors became a shield to the world, and he became the Earth’s best protector.
Then he remembered having one of the best date out with Tony, that concluded with both of them very naked and, after, very exhausted. They had incredible sex on most of the conceivable surfaces of the penthouse, and Steve used the last energies to change the bed’ sheets with fresh ones, because Tony deserved a good sleep in a clean bed. As always, it has been fun and a bit frustrating, because a post-orgasm Tony meant a totally useless man that didn’t move any muscle on his own.
,” He had his mouth wide open and was gasping for hair, without stopping his hands which were creating imaginary shapes in the air at Steve’s abs height.
Steve hugged Tony back as tightly as he could, straighten himself and lifting the Omega up with one smooth movement. Tony instinctively wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist as he did, without even a flinch, and still with his face hid in the Alpha’s neck.
“Okay, Tony okay, messaged received. I’m sorry about my reaction, I shouldn’t have…”
“I know what you’re doing,” the Omega blurted out, somewhat accusatory. The Alpha huffed a laugh and pulled him closer, his other hand found Tony’s hip
There was a chuckle from Natasha, and an outraged gasp from Tony, whose mouth dropped open.
“Omega, no,” Steve used his Alpha’s voice, the one that had made Tony’s legs tremble since the first time he heard it.
“No, I didn’t. Why the he- Why would I say dat?” An angry glare from Steve made him rephrase the question.
Tony shifted even closer, enjoying the long line of the Alpha against his side, his heat, and the way he could feel the deep voice vibrating through his chest. He felt the need to tilt his head back and purr all over it, but that would’ve been
“You’ve planned dis,” a sigh from the Omega, who sniffled. “You’ve planned to make me cry,” another sigh as he went on with his accuses.
“You aren't going anywhere,” Steve repeated, stressing the phrase with a possessive growl that had Tony whimpering. “I’ll protect you,”
Tony huffed a soft laugh, while Steve let his head drop onto Tony’s shoulder, still looking at Peter, and growled quietly to calm him. Their children were the only ones who could interrupt them during those particular moment, without suffer the consequences. Steve made anyone else regrets that choice, even if unintentional like in most cases – and Tony’s rage was no better: never intrude while they were
Tony saved his life in more than one way: first driving a nuclear missile through a wormhole, then giving him a home and his first real family of the 21st century. Well, he should have been grateful also to Nick Fury for the Avengers, but everyone knew that without Tony’s kind heart and generosity, they would have been apart.
Tony moaned sweetly, wrapping both arms around Steve’s neck and pulling him closer, feeling instantly very pleased. The irritation that usually flooded him after being exposed in that way never brushed him, because it was
,” he breathed, with a hint of finality in his voice, softened by the fond smile which appeared against his will.
“Send me Mark 47’s gauntlet J. I have an Alpha to blast,” He commanded, with a guttural growl. They were only wasting energy, energies that he didn’t have, because Steve didn’t allow him to drink his fucking coffee.
, it sounds good,” and the keen Tony made, Steve could only consider it as
«Tony! Wake up!» He screamed one last time.
«I’ve got you, my love, I’ve got you.» He said, very fondly. Seeing Steve like that hurted him every single time: he was supposed to be the strongest and the bravest of them all, not vulnerable… not scared, and certainly not shaken and anxious. However, Tony was fully aware that nobody had to be nothing but theirselves, and he loved Steve completely, even when he was afraid. He just would have preferred him to be always happy, satisfied and protected.
“Oh Tony, we discussed it so many times. You can’t have it, it ain’t healthy for the baby, and for you either” His words sounded tired, and maybe that was because the argument came up once a month, at least. But Tony didn’t want to focus on those pointless details.
The Omega had the word Alpha on his mouth, Steve knew he would say it, in a moan, delicious like a plea, and it would’ve been enough to make him get up on his feet abruptly and bringing Tony with him in the bed, to make him hot and bothered and
Revising all the names he and Steve chose during the past months, he asked JARVIS to elaborate the data to examine different names that were still comparable to their favorite ones, and among all the choices he read ‘Godfrey’. That name was immediately wiped out from the hologram slide, but for some reason, it remained stuck in his mind.
The kiss lasted long that time; they kept it chaste, soft lips moving across each other’s with a light caress, every little movement expressing every bit of love they had for each other. It was an amazingly big amount, and they felt it all. Tony tilted his head back, and the Alpha growled possessively at how perfect his Omega was, at how he tasted so good, all for him.
“Are there any chances we can keep it between the two of us?”
Tony’s mouth fell open as he stared at Steve’s back, who first scooped the forgotten mug and Starkphone up off the floor, then he totally focused on heating the waffle machine. Then, the Omega started to babble and to stutter words, glaring at his mate who answered docilly, patronizing him just to keep him quiet and get him to eat.
“Go forage for-? Do you see me as a caveman?” Steve repeated furrowing, then huffed a laugh. Sometimes Tony was just ridiculous.
“No!” Peter answered stridently, almost scared by the idea. “I enjoy kissing Pops,” then he glanced at Steve with the most adorable pout, an evidence he obviously inherited the sad and wet puppy look from the big Alpha.
Tony promptly followed his son, with a smirk on his lips that made Steve raise a quizzical brow. The Alpha lifted Peter up with his free arm, while Tony stepped in his husband’s space and pressed their mouth together, making Steve feel more his smile.
He had a point anyway: Steve hadn’t exactly been polite to Tony’s gynecologist at first, or to the nursing staff, even if they had chosen only Betas. He hated leaving his Omega in someone else’s care and he snapped all around without control. The gynecologist had to sit down with Steve and let him know with extreme precision and caution the next steps he would have done with Tony, until the Alpha regained his senses. Then, he gave everyone his golden boy smile, flexed the biceps – he didn’t, but that’s what Tony used to say – and made his excuses with the biggest puppy dog eyes. At that point, it was Tony’s turn to get jealous.
“You... didn’t just do that,” Tony hesitated, mouth pulling down into a frown.
“Anyway, do you think we should stop kissing him?”
“As a good Alpha, you should. But…” Tony tried again, pouting in the way he knew Steve couldn’t almost resist.
“Huh, oh. You’re… You had…” He waved with his hands in Steve’s chest direction. “There are
They finished their breakfast in peace, Steve still focused on attacking the food and Bucky looking at him with a wry grin plastered on his face, sometimes chuckling and shaking his head, as if Steve was definitely beyond help.
The air inside was warm, the atmosphere peaceful; it was pretty soon in the morning, shortly after dawn, and a Sunday no less. A lazy day by textbook, that even Sam and Nat were probably still asleep or quietly reading a book, and they were the most morning people of the team, after himself.
Anyway, that morning he didn’t feel sweet at all. So, he went straight behind his Alpha, he put both hands on the hips and he showed himself as angry and irremovable as possible.
He had a nightmare about the two most important people in his life: there was Bucky falling from the train, but in the meanwhile the figure of his best friend mixed with the one of his lover, until it was Tony Stark who was falling without his Iron Man’s armor.
There he was, in his and Steve’s bedroom - Peter’s crib would’ve been there for a long time - hugging the most stunning, curious and incredible creature in the world. Hugging Peter brought him joy, and set his mind at ease, a hard work that, before he had a son, only one other person could do.
Steve’s nose nudging at his check brought him back to reality. He inhaled sharply and sniffed annoyed, his upper lip twisted up, but then he let out a sigh and turned his face a little, so their noses brushed gently together. There was no way he could resist such a sweet gesture, and he didn’t want to. All the attentions from his Alpha were precious, even when Steve irritated him.
«Tony» He whispered, and he didn’t recognized his own voice, which sounded broken.
Tony moaned again, stirring like a kitten against Steve’s muscled body, so soft and firm at the same. The Alpha also had the best scent: Tony’ sense of smell was badly affected by the whole maternity thing, but his Alpha’s scent just got better day after day.
“Oh, I’ll tell you what’s going on,” Tony snapped, pulling out his Starkphone. He wasn’t going to lose or changing his mind that time. Perhaps he already forgot his withdrawal from caffeine, but there still was his pride at stake. He couldn’t believe his Alpha would have left him die of thirst… Or worse, that he mocked him about his pregnancy.
Tony didn’t know why he started thinking of him as Cap, they spent so many years together it was natural for him to recognize when Steve switched on the Captain America button. It was all about the rich timbre of his voice, firm and powerful, and the way he moved and dealt with people.
“That means you care about him, right? You seem a good kid Wade, and I want my son to be happy. I’ll do anything to make him content, and to prevent bad things from happening,” his voice assumed a warning inflection, softened by a small smile. “I hope you’ll do the same. As Alphas, we have to take care of Omegas, whether they’re our friends or our family. We protect them, and son, you can be sure there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for Peter, especially if somebody will hurt him. You could be a Beta, an Omega, an alien even. You hurt my child, and you’ll have both Iron Man and Captain America coming after you. Do I make myself clear?”
“Thought you wouldn’t come back soon,” he whispered, pouting and trying to look upset. That look didn’t last long, he melted as soon as Steve’s hand started petting his hair.
“Ew,” both the kids whined, Mary curved against Steve’s shoulder, with her upper body dangling from his back and her feet almost kicking Tony’s face.
“I do…but I won’t,” he answered, quietly. “Peter will never have to ask permission to live his life. To have friends. I want for him to have the very best that life can bring”
Steve growled playfully, planting a rather loud kiss on his Omega’s lips and blocking Mary’s legs before she could hurt him.
Then, he felt Steve’s smirk opening on his neck, and he smacked him on a shoulder, telling him to be good. “Behave, Alpha,” Tony smirked too, and cup Steve’s face with both hands to meet his eyes again. The Alpha hummed and rumbled teasingly, and Tony quiet him by kissing his lips with playful pecks, light as butterflies.
They both improved a lot and everything which had looked too strange, almost impossible, far away from their kind of lives, like being in a strong, sane relationship, building a home and a family…they allow themselves to have all of those things, and so much more.
They both established a routine for nightmares: Steve had to think only to good things, one at a time, while taking long breaths. He did it, like all the other times.
His posture wasn’t rigid as it should, and he was all smiles to the kids, and furtive glances to Tony, not posing, not growling low, not threatening the other Alpha to leave quickly, pushing him away, like a fierce animal defending his territory. Why wasn’t him?
He knew that Tony was a heavy sleeper, but he was too nervous to remember it. The blue glow was off, and it was that light that kept him alive. Without the arc reactor, the shrapnel shards would have reached his heart and killed him.
“Breath, Omega” Steve suggested, a sigh in his voice. His hands slid on Tony’s hips to give him more room, and to keep him steady. The Omega nodded quickly, and bit his bottom lips, rubbing both hands up and down Steve’s back in slow movements, to feel his Alpha’s presence. He breathed, eventually.
Be a better man, his mind tried again. Kissing Tony never failed to leave him senseless, willing to make more, to give him more. Tonight, he recalled, and fighting his own instincts, he grabbed Tony firmly by the sides of his shoulders and turned him around again, in a sudden movement that had the Omega yelping undignified. He had to cut off what they were doing before he had time to realize the loss.
“Mmm, I don’t...” Even exhausted he tried arguing back.
“Don’t be,” Tony cut Steve off, shaking his head. He wasn’t really angry; he was sad and out of sorts, but they had enormous responsibilities towards the World, and sacrifices were the norm.
Bucky didn’t buy it and continued staring at him suspiciously.
, to be taken, to be enjoyed, and sometimes, when Steve needed him, when he was feeling overwhelmed and felt at the edge of power, sometimes the Omega was his to be used, to held down and amazingly fucked.
“Do you really feel left behind?”
The alpha sighed dreamily, remaining silent, watching Tony with the most intense and fondly look. Tony’s hand in his hair stopped, but just to wrap his head with both arms, hugging it tightly against his sternum.
The Alpha allowed himself only a deep breath of Tony’s hot scent, rumbling deep in his chest, a coaxing sound that had his Omega purring in response.
“Irritating Alpha, you know I can’t bend over!” Tony cried. “Is this the kind of respect you have for the father of your son?” He waved his hands like crazy. It would have been adorable, if he wasn’t getting so angry.
The Omega could tell his Alpha was content too, from the deep rumbling noise coming from his chest, vibrating in Tony’s own. Steve leaned down more and angled his head to place a stream of adoring kisses to his jawline and then down his throat, nipping lightly, then sucking the same spot just enough to make it redden a little, knowing the color would return to normal a few moments later.
Tony bit his bottom lip suppressing a moan, but he also showed his neck, submitting to the Alpha’s attention. Mary gave him a quizzical look, tilting her head and resting a cheek against his Pops’ collarbone. He reassured her with a smile, releasing his bottom lip but still keeping them sealed. Steve’s hand on his hip abandoned the place in favor of a more pleasurable one, it cupped one of his soft globes, squeezed, then massaged the flesh, and Tony had to hide his face against Steve’s shoulder to not let their daughter see his heated expression.
New situations always made Tony restrain himself, at the beginning. The complicate citadel that was his mind has lowered most of the protective walls, not all of them. Steve would always be there to help him do so.
Oh, the time they had in the past forty-height hours. They left the kids in care of Carol and Rhodey, as Mary’s new Captain Marvel jacked and sweatpants, which she was wearing, and the Captain Marvel action figure, which she had in hand, stated. For Steve and Tony, that meant a lot more of free time, and they made the best of every minute.
“Don’t
“Yesterday I told the kids you were coming home early. They woke me up one hour ago, begging me to let them stay awake until your arrival,” the Omega explained, gently moving one of Mary’s blonde lock away from her gracious face.
Steve rolled his eyes but stopped, for the moment, to undress from his work suit. Tony loved his furniture.
“Does that mean I can join the alien band too?” She asked, pulling off her best round puppy look, that she totally didn’t learn from him.
When the Alpha moved his gaze away, looking at something distant beyond Tony, his entire world seemed to fall, and every inch of his skin quivered, demanding the attention back.
voice? The same voice he used for those stupid videos the government asked Captain America to play. Wade didn’t laugh, so there were still chances they didn’t watch those videos at Xavier's School for Gifted Youngsters.
They looked each other in the eyes, then the Alpha sighed in disapproval and closed his eyes for few seconds.
Tony’s scent instantly surrounded them, sweet and yet powerful, leaving Steve amazed. It was the scent of a pregnant Omega: it smelled like fresh, beautiful flowers, with something of warm and tantalizing brought about by his arousal.
The music stopped without warning, and two pairs of huge, chocolate brown eyes looked up to meet the most tender and stunning blue gaze they had ever seen in their entire life. Well, one of them was only 9 years old, but he was sure his Pops’ eyes were the bluest, the kindest, and the loveablest- the most loveable that ever existed.
. If they were on a date and he saw any kind of puppies, tears would fill his eyes even in the middle of the street. He went crazy when someone said they weren’t watching WALL-E for the 18th times, and he forgot his anger just a moment later, when Steve started telling stories to their baby. Given the circumstances, his mate didn’t deserve his current outburst, but it was too hard to control his emotions.
“Papa, guess what Ned and I did last Friday!” Peter exclaimed to obtain his attention.
He saw Steve raising a questioning eyebrow. He probably had that look on his face more times since Tony became pregnant, than in all his life. The Omega knew his pregnancy wasn’t the quietest of all, exactly the opposite: he was having a lot of pregnancy cravings, and half of the times Steve provided him with the food he desired, he ended up rejecting it because of a bad smell or a sudden change of heart. Then, the hormones,
He sighed of relief when his passcode opened the tinted glass door: Tony threatened him more than once to change it without letting his Alpha know, and Steve thought, that time, he could’ve done that for real.
That morning, he decided to pick up again the project to find a name for the baby. They knew it was a boy. He could never have waited to know the sex, and even if Steve had been initially quite interested those gender reveal baby shower, Tony already knew the only curiosity that could ever have competed with his own belonged to his mate.
Steve’s words were full of wicked promises that made him whimper out load.
He wasn’t leaking anymore, but he could still feel the fluid warming his left tight. It shouldn’t be possible to scent it behind his clothes and outdoor, unless the super-soldier serum, or a mutation that made you more animal than human enhanced you. He would laugh at that coincidence, making a joke even, if he wasn’t focusing too hard on suppressing the humiliation.
talk on how to take care of chickens, and what breeds are available, and what breeds work best for whatever you want to do with chickens, and then takes Tony out back and introduces him to his chickens - his main ones, anyway, the ones he keeps around. He does give away chickens, but only the chicks of these chickens, and sometimes keeps the chicks and raises those ones until they have good long chicken lives and then die. The chickens he keeps are all named and Thor seems to love each of them passionately. He takes their eggs and does eat his chickens, but only when they die of natural causes. He gives Tony three books about raising chickens before he leaves.
Steve pulls back. His hands are still in his pockets and his face is flushed, but only slightly.
, Steve thinks.
Steve narrows his eyes, but drops his finger.
“There we go,” Tony says, and flops back against the couch. “God.”
but stops himself. Sometimes he’ll almost say something like,
Steve nods. His chin grazes the top of Tony’s head.
before he gets sent home.
“That wasn’t your style,” Steve says. The pain’s fading, but it gives his voice an edge.
- he won’t be around to bother Tony anymore. And if he’s not bothering Tony anymore -
“Right,” Tony says. He glances at Sarah, then back at the sheet. “Okay. So-”
Ty complicates this a bit by saying, “I have to say, that was a shock.”
Beside Steve, Natasha laughs.
Tony shrugs. “What’s bigger than
Huh. Steve touches the spot Tony had flicked, right in the middle of the ‘O’ of ‘Hobbit.’ There’s been a lot of this kind of stuff in the future - remakes and sequels and the like, things he’s familiar with have morphed over time into something he doesn’t recognize. Sometimes that’s disconcerting, but other times -
“Does the mighty Captain America approve?”
“People said that about me too,” he says.
“Well,” Tony says. “I’m very happy you didn’t barf on me. That’d take ages to get out of the suit.”
“What if I get up there and - and there’s something in my heart I gotta say? It just has to come out? That’s not on the cards, but I gotta follow my heart, right?”
“Don’t go,” Tony says, and then swallows. His eyes are closed and he doesn’t sound very coherent as he mumbles, “
“Okay.”
“How dare you throw your food at my boyfriend,” Tony says. “My dearest heart. My pudding cup. My-”
Thor is delighted, which isn’t a surprise. He gives Tony six new bantam chicks from his beloved chicken Clucky, who he’s raised for seven years.
Steve thinks. It’s hard, the thoughts all flying away from them as he tries to follow.
“Are you going to get more animals,” Pepper asks - whispers, really, as she squats barefoot in the chicken coop holding a teenage Ferdinand.
Tony drops his hand. “Ha. Yeah. Jarvis - human Jarvis, not JARVIS - got me them when I was… what, six? So they’ve got some wear and tear. I’m surprised they’re still holding together after all this time.”
It invades his dreams: Tony in the suit, falling, except The Hulk never gets there to save him, but it’s alright because the ground never comes up to hit him. Tony just keeps falling, glinting in the light like a star.
, and
“So,” Steve replies, his voice faint.
“Thanks,” Tony says. “What’s the rest of your day looking like?”
Steve waits, then holds out a hand. “Hi. I’m Steve.”
Steve glances over at the punching bag. He doesn’t say anything, but Tony finds himself wondering what demons Steve has hiding under all that barely-constructed calm.
a waste, or you sell them and get new shoes with that money, which doesn’t make any sense because you already have shoes here, so how about you just-”
Tony’s heart fluttered as Steve closed the distance, abandoning the helmet on a nightstand and sitting behind Tony, spreading his legs to wrap both him and their baby boy in his embrace. Maybe Tony’s eyes wetted a little, but no one was givento know.
Being adorable and calling him by his name. His Omega didn’t want to leave, but there were responsibilities even him couldn’t ignore. Steve had to take the correct decision for both of them and as badly as he wanted his mate, their children came always before their libido.
He plopped down on Steve’s lap, purring as soon as he could curl against his chest, wrapping the blanked around them both and lifting his legs on one armrest. Steve welcomed him in his embrace, letting him nestle in his arms, hugging him tight with one arm secure and solid around his waist, while the other one enveloped his legs, holding him still.
Sadly, on that particular day his beautiful look and the thought of his Peanut safe inside him weren’t enough to cheer him up.
He resisted for fifty-five seconds, feeling all the tiredness coming back. Steve’s hands found the sway of his hips, the curves he once said were madejust for him: they curved right for his hands to rest on them. The Alpha still didn’t talk; he needed to do something about it.
“You,” he said hoarsely, more of a growl than anything. “Pretty Omega, I’m gonna eat you out so well you’ll forget what day it is.”
Did you just…? Okay, okay, I hate it
Steve went from zero to turning his Omega around to block him between his own broad body and the kitchen shelf, shutting whatever sound Tony would’ve made by forcing his lips to part for him, for his tongue that slid inside and twisted around the twin in a velvet caress.
He felt the Omega relaxing his body, and the unmistakable scent of a fresh rush of slick coating him. He was preparing. Mine, Steve thought, tearing his mouth away from Tony’s, to sink his teeth into the sweet skin of his neck, biting down hard.
“Someone wanted to say hi, before going to bed,” Steve almost whispered in a low tone, with a soft smile. He was holding another kid, who was sitting on his arm and resting his head against his shoulder, eyes were already closed. They could hear nothing but at little rumble coming from her.
“You missed me,” the Omega retorted laughing, a sound that filled Steve’s heart with more love. He should’ve always laughed; it made his eyes wrinkle at the corners, and the cheerful smile took the Alpha’s breath away.
“Well, what are you’re going to have, Captain?” He asked, with a voice as tempting as the fully kissable mouth that formed the words.
“Hey miss Potts, why you didn’t answer by the first ring? I don’t care that you were on a meeting, listen to me - Yes, you aren’t my assistant anymore, but that doesn’t mean - No, I can’t tell you what I want, because you won’t let me finish talking!” There were screaming on both sides of the line, as usual.
“Okay, but I’m expecting awesome tonight,” he blew a kiss, charming and sweet, and turned around to step out of the room.
The Omega didn’t really like that ‘you can’t have it’, because if he needed something, he would obtain it, no ifs or buts. He glared at the Alpha with his chin up.
«Yes, sweetie. I had surgery three weeks ago, they removed it and the shrapnel shards. Remember?»
He walked closer to the couch, stepping out of his shoes along the way, just to be stopped by the finger Tony held up in front of them.
under the pressure, and Steve took away his next rambled words with a long, lazy kiss, taking advantage of his mouth already open, shoving his tongue deep inside him, while Mary kissed him anywhere she could reach, Tony’s cheeks, hair and even his closed eyelids. The little Alpha giggled and shouted at her Pops to live her daddy alone, and that she wanted to be kissed too, while wiggling on top of Tony’s back that would hurt later. The Omega was focusing completely on melting on Steve’s strong body, which was still supporting both of them, the Alpha so happy he didn’t mind Mary’s yelling and twisting, because that was pure joy.
Bucky stopped, and a quick glance at his friend was enough to imagine how Steve’s morning went. “I should’ve known better than saying something as controversial as good morning,”
“I got to–Gotta go, so… later. The suit. This…us. Later. Gotta go to bring Peter home, remember?” Tony barely slurred the words, both his mind and body clearly somewhere else.
“I’m sorry - I’m sorry Steve, Alpha,” He cried in another sudden change of heart, then stood on his toes to kiss him lovingly with a touch of anxiety. Steve promptly hugged him tightly, paying attention to his strength to not hurt Tony and the baby. Always so caring, his Alpha. “I’m all yours, we are - Alpha, I need -”
“Go with your sister in the kitchen and get the ingredients for pancakes, we’ll be there in a moment,” Steve instructed them, putting Mary on the ground.
The Omega thought about his answer, then shook his head. He pressed his forehead at the center of Steve’s chest and lowered both hands at the base of Steve’s spine, watching down. He didn’t feel like falling without his Alpha’s support anymore, but he wasn’t ready to leave him either.
“Tony kicked me out from our bedroom last night,” he said, making a vague gesture with his hand — something he took from his husband — and talking like it wasn’t a big deal.
“Hey Omega. What’s happening here?” He kept his voice down too, looking sweetly at their two sleepy children. The more they grew, the more their sleep became light, just like the both of them. Steve was sure his Omega was holding his charming purrs to avoid waking them up.
His Alpha didn’t sit down, he stared at Tony reluctantly, blue eyes sharp and forehead furrowed.
“Good morning,” Bucky yawned as he entered the kitchen of the communal floor. If Steve wasn’t busy glaring at his pancakes, he would’ve told Bucky to cover his damn mouth. He growled thought, a deep sound that would’ve made anyone else turning back on the spot.
Steve’s hand was soon on his abdomen, and he was frowning. “Is the baby fine? Did anything happen while I was running? JARVIS didn’t tell me any-” He spoke quickly, already worrying so much.
“Tony?” He announced himself, looking around to find the genius.
“We’re having a Peter then?” Bucky asked, getting closer to the happy couple.
That got him two excited squeaks, and an involuntary purring from his still slightly upset husband. Tony loved when he used the Captain’s voice, and he might or might not have done it intentionally.
Tony’s hazel eyes were wide open, liquid and wet at the edges. He wasn’t pouting anymore but his lips were still curled, as if he was keeping them still. He was. Tony’s lips always trembled a little when he was emotional, and it was another detail Steve loved about him.
Steve nodded in acceptance and looked at Tony, who did the same, crossed arms and not watching anything in particular. He was grateful Steve talked to Wade as they decided, and a warm sensation spread in his chest, full of pride and…relief, maybe. Yeah, a little of relief, not enough to feel safe yet. Give him time, he thought, with a twist of lips. Give it yourself, and trust Steve. He could do that: trusting his Alpha was as normal as breathing. He always kept his promises, he reassured Tony and made him strong. Stronger.
The Omega felt the heavy gaze of his Alpha on himself, brushing on his hair, giving him goose bumps on the back of his neck, but both of them said nothing else, and he was grateful for that. He had time to metabolize a stranger Alpha presence, hadn’t he? If only he hadn’t avoided that, though.
“I… Yeah, I feel like that. Don’t look at me so incredulous, in a few years I won’t be able to help them with their scholarship program even if I want to, and they’ll realize they can’t count on me, because I’m just not-”
Tony felt his heart floating, and the butterflies in his stomach. No matter how many years passed since the first time he met Steve, since he got to knew him and he fell in love with him completely and helplessly: seeing him with an expression like that, outside their puppies’ room, still could make him feel like a teenager struggling with his biggest, memorable, first love. In that moment, he thought he’d went through all the troubles, all the pain, all the misunderstanding and all the risks all over again, because it meant to get to that exact point where they were happy, madly in love, and with a beautiful family. Maybe not perfect, but they weren’t perfect themselves: they fit right together.
“Are you gonna proposing again?” Tony’s throat sounded dry. Typical of him, joking at the worst possible time.
He knew that also Tony had trouble sleeping, and he worked almost all twenty-four hours to avoid dealing with his subconscious. Steve understood it and tried to put the least pressure on him, taking care of the man by providing him food and exhausting him under the sheets until he became useless for anything else outside the bed.
“I can and
Tony wasn’t sleeping in their bed, curled on Steve’s side, his face pressed on Steve’s cushion, fluffy bed-hair sprawled everywhere. He was crouched on one sofa, working on the StarkPad, wearing a big blue sweater that was falling down one of his shoulder—definitely not one of his own—comfy, old sweatpants and a pair of socks with a pattern made by little Steve’s shields.
He takes another bite of apple.
If Steve is bewildered by the workshop, he doesn’t show it. He takes his time looking around in clear interest, right up until he sees the suit, at which point he stops, hands in his pockets, and stares. The suit is all put together on the pad, posed like it’s ready for flight, only the left gauntlet off, which is lying on the workbench in pieces.
“There’s a big fucking
“Yeah.” Bucky drops the book into his own lap, losing his page. “Adventures and friendship and grand battles! Good and evil!”
Bucky waves vaguely at him with his flesh hand. “Shuddup. So you’re really into these books, huh?”
Steve stares at him. “Who - who’s telling you stories about me growing -
“What,” Bucky says. “The wikipedia plot summary was a lot quicker than
Tony nods hard and shoots back to his seat.
“1 works,” Steve says, looking very relieved.
“I’m ecstatic,” Bucky says, and it’s dry, but Steve can spot a hint of real enthusiasm in there.
“Maybe,” Steve allows.
“What the hell is SHIELD anyway,” Rhodey says when Tony has rambled himself to a standstill. “I’ve never heard of those guys before, but suddenly that Cap is walking around, they’ve got their fingers in everything.”
“You get what you signed up for,” Steve says, which effectively stops the conversation in its tracks. They stand there for a few more seconds before Steve says, “Well, bye,” and Tony blurts the same back at him, and Steve leaves Tony to head to his class.
“You sure?”
Steve folds his arms.
“O-okay,” Tony says. “Uh. What question were we on?”
“Do you want to go on active duty?”
“No, but-” Steve waves a hand at the suit. “It’s - I, we thought there’d be robots.”
He hefts the slab of a book up, then drops it back down.
Steve lets Bucky help him up.
“Anyway,” he says. “That’s all I wanted to say. Oh, and I love you. I love you, Ma. I’ll see you later, okay? I hope you’re having a good time up there.”
“I can live with that.”
“You didn’t? Yet you still climbed into a pressure cooker and let them stick needles in you.”
“That counts as groping.”
Ty runs his tongue over his teeth. He doesn’t break eye contact with Steve, but he turns his head towards Tony to say, “Tony, are you repulsed by me?”
When he looks up at Tony, that’s when it clicks. Tony’s expression is carefully blank, but in a way that is hiding something very big.
like it,” he says.
Tony hitches up a smile. “Tony,” he says, and waits for recognition, but there is none. Steve shakes his hand - firm grip, but not too tight - and hands Tony the mushrooms after he lets go.
It’s days after Ma dies when Steve notices the inscription. He’s flicking idly through it when he notices something in the bottom corner of the title page, and when he turns to it his Ma’s handwriting is printed in neat, careful letters:
Tony leans against the wall, folds his arms. Steve watches his fingers tick against the inside of his elbow - a nervous tic. One of many, Steve had been surprised to realize. Tony Stark is, apparently, a pretty nervous guy despite all the flash and glamour.
“Alive,” he repeats. “What, like - like he’s -
“We’re here,” he says, and waits for Tony to slide out of the aisle seat before following him off the bus. Then Steve takes the lead, half a block down the street to his apartment building.
Steve gestures around. “You... want a painting of this?”
Tony snorts. He turns the mushrooms over in his hand, rubs dirt off of one.
“Bye, Tones.”
He’s hoping to grab some food and retreat up to his room for the rest of the day, but Tony intercepts him just before he can leave the kitchen. Tony tries to make small talk and Steve does his best to reply in kind, but something must be off in his face, because Tony puts a hand on his shoulder and asks, “Hey, you doing alright?”
“Yeah, sure-” Tony fumbles at the wall.
gesture, then taps something in.
Monday is tense, to say the least. Tony and Steve still sit next to each other at lunch, still hold hands, but they don’t talk except for polite small talk. Even when Tony notices that Steve’s wearing the new shoes, there’s a second where Tony seems like he’s about to say something, but then he lets it go on a breath.
“Cool,” Steve says.
“Captain! What are you doing at Tony’s humble abode?”
Steve pauses next to him, but only for a second. “Good night,” he says. He gives the smallest of looks towards Tony that Tony takes to mean
“I’ll hold you to that,” Steve says, and then they’re pushing in through the open door and into the party.
The Principal’s office door opens and Ty comes striding out. He doesn’t look at any of them, keeps his head high and his gaze straight ahead as he heads down the hall. He’s limping, which is gratifying - Tony must’ve gotten him even worse than Steve thought.
Tony snorts, but goes inside and grabs a marker. When he comes back out, Steve is already arranging the slim planks into a frame for the scarecrow.
Now they’re coming back in full force, and Steve wants to say that he doesn’t know why, but he kind of does. It’s the usual mix of bad small things, bombed with not following his therapist’s advice, combined with finally getting to the end of the Lord of the Rings series.
Tony shifts closer so their foreheads are touching again.
“Apparently we have to,” Sarah says. “Unless you want to chase Tony down.”
Happy looks just as relieved and disappointed as Tony.
“Why wait,” Tony says. “Come on, this has been a loose end my whole life. And he’s
“Eh, he hasn’t done anything that bad yet. Just-”
Pepper finally breaks as they’re about to pull up to the apartment block.
Steve eyes him. “Sometimes,” he says, and swallows. Folds his arms. “When I was out, I saw - there was a TV in a shop window. Your press conference was on it.”
Tony squeezes his shoulder. Steve waits for him to kiss his cheek, but Tony just walks off, back to his table, where Rhodey and Pepper immediately start in on him in, Steve expects, the same way that his friends immediately close in.
“Well,” Tony agrees. He pockets his hands in his jeans. His jeans are tight, but not overly so. Steve makes himself stop noticing that once he realizes he’s doing it. Friends don’t notice the tightness of their friends clothes. At least, they don’t linger over it.
“Sure! I’ll go get some.”
“Here’s the thing,” Steve repeats. Eye contact. Eye contact is important, even if it’s terrifying and Tony is still looking at him like he’s going to reveal a dick-tentacle secret.
The doctor gives them all a Look at this, which Steve takes to mean
“Okay,” she’d said. “Great. Sounds great. Three days, you said?”
It’s a penthouse apartment, because of
“I didn’t know you would be-” Coulsons stops, swallows. He takes Steve’s hand like it’s Obama who just offered him a handshake. “It’s an honour. Sir. Captain.”
“Yeah. Lived here all my life. You pick up a few things. I’m Steve, by the way.”
He falls into a car and crushes it when he flies back to the workshop, which is - fine. Tony honestly doesn’t care about the car, or his more-than-wobbly landing. He pries the suit off of him, vibrating with adrenaline all the while, yelling notes to JARVIS as each piece falls to the workshop floor.
Tony boils the jug and turns on the expresso machine. He had contemplated just using instant coffee when he moved here, but he’s not an animal
Honestly, Tony thinks he does it because he doesn’t have anything else. After everything the guy has been through recently, why
Steve leans over to Tony. “Don’t you love it when our friends get along, sweetums?”
Rhodey shakes his head. “Can’t. My grandma’s taking me to a play.”
. Steve smiles. He has one already, but knowing Tony, this is probably one signed by Tolkien, or a special collector’s edition with rare drawings that everyone wants -
“Ri-ight,” Tony says. “Refresh my memory as to why they won’t?”
, it’s all the way on-”
“Next bus?”
“He locked me out of the company,” Tony says. “Told them I had PTSD. Uh, post traumatic-”
“Did you get lost finding your zipper,” Bucky asks as Steve perches on the couch’s arm.
Steve might not want
“That wasn’t for luck,” Steve says. “That was - it was just-”
“Having fun,” Tony asks.
“Are you guys - what, pretending to date? What
“Tony-”
Fury is eating an apple, and for a while that’s all he does. Steve watches him chew and swallow as he surveys them.
“You’d better,” Steve says.
He squeezes Tony’s shoulder this time. Tony endures the hardness of it - Obie was never good at putting on the right amount of pressure - and tries to push back both his skin crawling and the screaming stream of thought that went a lot like,
With that, he steps past Ty. Ty tries to get in his way again, but Steve shoulders him hard enough to send him back a step, helped along by the alcohol Steve catches on Ty’s breath as he pushes past him.
“Done,” Tony says. He takes another chug of his water bottle, then checks his watch. “Lunch should be on right about now. You in?”
Tony thinks.
He suspects that it’d be his favourite story even without all the sentiment behind it, but nothing can take the spot of his favourite story after that.
“Really,” Tony says. He cuts off a slice of sausage and scoops mashed potato onto it. “Fine cuisine. Can’t get this in the city.”
He winces at it from the car. Suddenly he regrets coming, but Tony drove him here, he can’t just get back into the car and leave.
“You’re a really good person, Steve.”
“She’s locked in the bathroom,” Sarah says. “Finish your breakfast.”
“Cool,” Clint says, breaking Steve out of it. “That can be our next movie night.”
“Steve,” he says, and Steve looks at him.
Steve laughs. It’s one of those laughs that surprises them both, and Tony grins at hearing it - he wants to coax those out more and more, until they’re no longer a surprise. He wants to get them to a place where Steve laughs easily and doesn’t wander around the house at 3am after waking up from nightmares and go off into thousand-yard stares at random times. Tony had assumed, coming back home, that he’d be this new, fucked-up version of himself for the rest of his life, and he knows Steve thought so, too. Neither of them could see a version of themselves who weren’t constantly on edge and holding on by their fingertips, and they’re both still very much riding on the edge of Absolutely Not Okay, but Tony thinks that maybe they can get further away from it. They can build themselves into two people who are okay, maybe.
“I think I haven’t seen much to think about yet,” he says. “You said it could fly?”
A few weeks later, Steve and Sam emerge from the elevator into the lounge. Both of them are sweaty, but Sam is the only one who’s panting. Steve is struggling against it, but he’s not about to give Sam the satisfaction.
“Maybe your intel was wrong,” he says.
“Yeah,” Steve agrees. “How is my daughter, anyway?”
He clicks on the poem, and there it is. It’s a love poem. He reads it four times over, tracking over each line and sticking.
“Great!” Tony beams. “I’ll pick you up at eight.”
Steve looks at him long enough for him to get it.
Rhodey pauses. He’s holding Mary. Tony can tell it’s her due to the distinct tuft of feathers on her head.
“Pepper, how are you?”
“We’re not,” Steve says, and then kisses Tony on the cheek, making it smack extra loud. “Schnookums.”
“What’re you up to?”
Eight bags of chips, two chocolate bars, and a container of rice and curry that Steve is very grateful for Pepper bringing along, Tony wakes up.
“Doubtful,” Tony says. “God. You and your
“Oh, no,” Sam says. “No, definitely not. Tony kissing you at a party. Tony coming to you when he’s at his lowest, asking for support. Tony trying to fool around with you. No, he’s not your boyfriend at
“Yeah. Means there’s a time limit though, so I gotta do this fast.”
That gets him. Tony’s eyebrows pull inwards. “Feel like I should be asking you that. How was - I mean, do you - dewdrop?”
“Markers?”
Steve moves into the Tower about a year after waking up from the ice. It’s a little awkward, fitting into a space that Tony apparently prepared years back after their first fight as Avengers - they’re more familiar with each other by this point but they’re not exactly close.
Steve feels his smile get looser. He reigns it in and determinedly doesn’t look at Sam or Bucky, who he
“Fuck off,” Sam whispers back, but he doesn’t shove Bucky off like he’d done the first time this had happened.
“Dunno,” Tony says. “Probably not. I don’t love the idea of cows and pigs.”
Tony grins, hopping onto his bed, which is rumpled and covered in scribbled-in textbooks. “It’s a system I started a few years back. Only time I brought someone in here, they stole something that turned out to be pretty important info and my Dad got pissed about it. So when I have someone over I’m going to sleep with, I use the other bedroom.”
They’re just finishing up when Sarah says, “Well, meatloaf should be out of the oven in a few minutes. You sure you want to head out, Tony?”
seems too dramatic but he thinks Rhodey gets it anyway, even though Tony just says some stupid nothing-phrases about getting Steve out of that shitty apartment and out from under the government’s thumb.
He stops when Steve leans down and kisses him. It’s a fir press and it starts like it’s meant to be quick, but it ends up lingering. Tony spares a quick thought to all the cover-up makeup he’s wearing, but the thought vanishes as soon as it comes.
about what happened. He’s not going to tell anyone.
Obie says in Tony’s head.
, so Tony just waits, shutting the repulsors off slowly and coming down to the ground, at which point Steve has argued himself into saying, “I - if you know how to handle that thing, sure.”
“We need to work to keep it that way,” she continues.
“Should I not tell him about Steve Jr.,” Tony asks.
He spreads his arms wide as he approaches. “Tony,” he says, beaming. He doesn’t look over at Steve.
“I’ve heard of it. I can look up a tutorial.”
Nat and Bucky are all too happy to. Steve eats his sandwich and doesn’t look over at Tony, or really anywhere else - he’s been getting looked at more today than he’s been looked at in the whole of high school, which means the news is spreading fast.
Tony blinks. He has a bit of that same expression his Mom has, the looking-from-a-distance thing. “What?”
Steve’s breath catches in his throat. Tony starts to lean in and Steve wants to badly to let it happen, but they’re at a party and there are a few people around even if they aren’t paying any attention, and there’s music playing muffled through the walls and Steve is a little drunk, Tony’s probably a
Rhodey says, “Ferdinand’s a girl?
“Two, then,” Pepper says.
Steve’s lawnmower breaks down again.
He rags on Steve about his brunch-obsession the whole way up to the main kitchen, but it’s all good-natured. Steve gives as good as he gets and it’s easy, all of it, none of the awkwardness from the first few months of living at the Tower: they’ve fallen into something good here. No, they’ve
After that, all there is to do is get tutored and act like a couple.
- and Rhodey hesitates before saying no.
Steve leans on the counter and asks, “How are you settling in?”
Tony gets Pepper down in the workshop for her tiny hands. She deals with the situation - ‘the situation’ being changing over the reactor - very competently, except for the part where she pulls out something she shouldn’t and Tony starts heading very fast towards cardiac arrest. Even then, she makes sure he doesn’t die, just like he knew she would. Her voice gets all high and panicky, sure, but so would anyone’s if they just got told they put their boss-slash-friend towards life threatening peril and had a limited time frame to prevent it.
“You’re way too happy about this,” Tony says. He’s also in the Seats of Doom, but Fury has clarified that he’s only there to add his own side of the story.
“And they’ll change back!” Ty grins with the smile that can only be brought, and puts a hand on Tony’s tight jaw.
Ty finally glances over. “Steve, right. Isn’t your mom a nurse?”
of that, at least not right now, but the idea of Sam Gamgee circles around in his head for a long time as Tony heals. Sam Gamgee, but also Liesel Meminger, who lost everyone she loved and then built up a life from the ashes; a life and a lot of loves.
“I went to boarding school,” Tony says, like this means anything to Steve, and they continue on.
Steve goes for it. “He said I had a nice dick.”
“Hi,” Steve says. “So, I got you - I mean, I made you something.”
The driver - old guy, kind face, very smartly dressed - blinks, as if he hadn’t expected an introduction. “Oh, hello. My name is Jarvis.”
When the weather starts getting unbearably hot, Tony decides to bite the bullet and get chickens.
“You’d be surprised,” Tony says. He hadn’t realized it, but this had been a weight, pulling him down when he got too comfortable - there had been the expectation that they would go off him once they found out who he was.
“Oh, the Niedermier thing,” he says after a second. “Madly, deeply in love. Can’t get enough.”
“Markers.”
,” he repeats when he catches Steve giving him a knowing smile.
“I have a driver,” Tony says, like that’s a normal fucking thing to say. He does have the sense to look uncomfortable while saying it, which Steve - might give him credit for.
, then rolls his head back.
They both look at him.
At this point, the person Steve is closest to - other than Bucky, once he gets more or less deprogrammed - is probably Sam and Natasha. Everyone else gets polite smiles and occasional jokes if he’s relaxed enough. He knows it’ll get easier, but for now he’s waiting to stop feeling his nerves prick up every time a teammate walks in.
“Does he, uh.”
Steve’s eyes widen, almost imperceptibly. Flames from the fireplace reflect in his eyes, and Tony thinks he should feel something other than comforted, but that’s what he gets.
“Don’t know. Sleep in one every day of the week?”
She laughs. It’s watery, but she covers that up fast. “Don’t worry,” she says. “I’ll be yelling at you soon. Give me - half an hour.”
“Just peanuts.”
“Yeah, but you always - the things you say sometimes, Tony. You go off on tangents about something that no one knows anything about, and when you do it to teachers you leave all of them in the dust. You know it and they know it.”
“Nope,” Tony says. “Chickens aren’t the smartest animals.”
“I could go for a juice,” Tony says.
Something like suspicion flits over Obie’s face, so fast that Tony wonders if he imagined it. But then it’s gone, replaced by every bit of fatherly affection he never got as a kid. Obie hadn’t paid much attention until Tony got the company.
,” Steve says. He holds them out to Tony. “I can’t - they’re shoes. Shoes are expensive.
“Why not?”
“What,” he says.
“Nope,” Steve says. “Just out the back. Broke when I was halfway through this time.”
, Tony thinks.
“Yeah,” Steve says. “Uh, we decided to not break up. Or, we decided to properly start dating in the first place.”
Tony blinks for a few seconds.
“Mm-hm. Used to drag my friend to see them, too. He got sick of it pretty fast, watching them over and over.”
Steve tries to make himself look as proper as possible - it’s a lost battle, he’s still drenched and in crappy clothes, minus the shoes - and then Mr. Stark storms down the hall, going right past Tony’s room and then halting, coming back, staring at Steve.
“Uh, actually I think Steve should open this later.”
Steve nods. “Sounds like you’ve got a lot of work ahead of you. Again, when you run into problems, everyone here’s happy to help.”
“Okay,” Tony says. It comes out strangely loud - there’s noise going on outside, but the cool bubble of the laundry feels like a new place. All the noises outside are muffled, they could be somewhere else altogether.
Steve gets up and pours them two glasses. He gives Tony the bigger glass, because he’s a good host, and sits back in his chair. The break seems to have worked: Tony is looking around at the apartment again, lingering on the crappy TV and the shaggy tablecloth and the chairs with chips in the wood.
“You’re telling me.”
“Who TAUGHT you how to fight-”
“Nope,” Tony says, and Steve looks up at him. Tony’s very relaxed, in a way that he never was in the first few months of their friendship. Nowadays he’s relaxed in a way that Steve didn’t think Tony could get.
“No,” Tony says, but the pause before it is enough to damn him.
“Great,” he says. He places the cups down on the table between them. “How much do I owe you?”
“He does,” Steve says. “He is.”
“Just ordered it in,” Steve says, settling back into his chair. It’s one of those absurdly comfy ones, which are opposite the absurdly uncomfy ones which look a hundred times better but aren’t worth the back pain.
, his blazing attempt to fix what hes’s done, his weapons turned on the people he was meaning to protect, his weapons getting turned on the bad guys and catching innocents in the crossfire.
“Apparently I’m in a scheme,” Steve says. “Keep it quiet.”
“I made it. It’s not like I have a chef hand it to me as I walk out the door-”
“True,” Tony says. “Okay, can I tell you a spoiler? It’s not that bad.”
“People also might appreciate being spared the torture of sitting through it,” Bucky says, with a pointed look at Natasha that’s way more long-suffering than it deserves to be.
Steve does a double take. He stares long enough that Tony notices, and when Tony notices, Steve looks back at the painting and takes a chance on sounding like a pretentious asshole.
“I don’t know. Kick him out of the company, at best. Have him arrested for attempted murder at worst.”
Tony shrugs. “I can’t tell you what to do with your life. So, wanna go?”
“Tell me about it.”
Steve gives him a look and lets out the most wooden laugh he can manage.
wasn’t funny, but everything else about it was.”
Tony waves him down. “No, okay, let’s just - how about you try a problem, and tell me how you got it, and we’ll go from there.”
“They’re very social animals,” Tony says.
“I look forward to it,” Jarvis says, and then drives off in the same smooth fashion he’d done the whole way here.
Tony tells them. He doesn’t give them much information, because he doesn’t have a lot even after hacking into a ton of databases. They repeat a lot of questions, which is understandable. Happy keeps looking up at the apartment building with his face all scrunched, going, “Captain
One teammate in particular.
“See you,” Steve says. He wants to say more, but can’t find anything that would work, so he lets Tony guide him out the door and gets in the limo with Jarvis, who politely avoids questions about Tony’s home life until Steve stops asking.
Tony looks up at Steve and then back at the painting like he wants to keep staring at the painting for a long time, like he’s distracted by it. Steve hopes it’s a good distraction - the painting is not quite abstract, but it does blur out around the edges. The middle, though, is a figure that is caught between Iron Man and a knight in Arthurian armour, walking through the woods. The figure is walking through the only light in the painting, dark behind him and dark ahead. Below it is a quote that Steve had agonized over for a month before deciding to go with it:
“I’m not doing anything,” Bucky says. Then, “That was nice of him. Giving you a book. That was the book he was getting all quivery over last month, right?”
. I’ll see you at ten.”
“Does he want company?”
“You warmed up to chickens, though.”
He is a live wire of possibilities. He’s a cocktail of impossible nerves. He feels like he’s just discovered the atom. He feels -
Tony nods. Smiles some more. Wonders what the hell you say to a guy who’s been woken up to find that seventy years has gone by without him.
“It’s only an hour’s ride.”
They come to a stop. Tony’s room is here and Steve’s is five doors down.
Tony gives his shoulder a punch, this time. Steve rocks with the impact good-naturedly. No one can move him with a punch anymore, even when they’re putting effort into it, but as his therapist said once when she was getting insufferably metaphorical - he should probably let someone move him one of these days.
“I like Frodo,” he says instead.
Tony’s mouth twitches. “Actually, Ty will need at least three sex tapes - no, you won’t have to ‘do anything.’ We’d hold hands,
Tony can’t help but agree.
Beside him, Steve shifts. Tony imagines his back, still ramrod straight.
out, so I’m just gonna go and I’m leaving the shoes and I’m not taking them back, so either you throw them out, which is a waste, or you give them away, which is
“It’s not,” Steve says. “It’s - you went to boarding school with kids way older than you, right? And before that-?”
Steve takes Tony’s hand and is hauled up. Tony’s still eyeing his foot worriedly.
She leans against the wall, folds her arms. “How did this happen?”
Tony takes in the tightness in Steve’s posture and says, “Hap, why don’t you meet me in the car?”
Steve decides to relent. “We’ll see about that,” he says, and tries not to feel too warm at how Tony’s eyes light up.
Steve raises his eyebrows. This is news to him. He knew Fury didn’t love Ty, but he didn’t know if Fury knew the depths of Ty’s ‘antics.’
Behind him - or, well, in his ear, since that’s where Steve’s mouth is nearest - Steve yells again. It’s the same as last time, all pure nerves and energy, but this time there’s a laugh in it.
Tony shrugs. “Ah, Dad had moved on. Surprised he was even home. He’s usually - overseas, or somewhere else, anyway. Mom’s gone on holiday again.”
“You good,” Tony asks when they’re facing each other.
“She was.”
“Nice,” Tony says. “Not to brag, but I have the whole series, signed collectors editions.”
there, but nothing he wants to say aloud right now.
“You must tell me what you decide to name them,” Thor says.
Tony beams at him. Steve smiles back. It thrills him way too much that Tony likes his answer, but he’s long since accepted that Tony is going to stir up some unexpected things in him. He’d realized this even before they’d become friends. Back when they were still on uneven footing and were tripping over each other, accidentally offending each other on every second sentence on complete accident, just stumbling into each other’s hurt spots - Steve had recognized that there was something in Tony that would always hit him harder than most others could.
Tony snaps his fingers. “
Steve looks at Tony. Still asleep. He looks at Thor, who is playing a game or tic-tac-toe against himself. He eats another M&M.
“You don’t have to tell me,” Fury says. He takes another bite of apple, chews, swallows. “Anyway. Steve, you’re suspended for three days.”
“They’re a gift,” Tony says. “You don’t have to pay me back, they’re just - you needed new shoes, so I got you them!”
He waits around near the fire for fifteen minutes, at which point there’s a knock on the door and Tony opens it to find Steve shaking snow off his boots on the porch.
He clears his throat again, harder this time. He feels silly standing here talking to a grave, but he likes to believe his Ma is listening. He’s almost sure he believes it entirely. One thing he knows for sure: if there’s any way she can be listening, she’s doing it.
Tony doesn’t say much about the art, except for the occasional hum and “that’d look good on the kitchen wall,” at which point Steve has to talk him out of buying a priceless painting to go above the microwave.
“Sure,” he says.
“Yeah, well. It happens.”
“I’m still not taking the shoes,” Steve says, but he steps back to allow Tony to head inside before following him in. He puts the shoes on the couch - they haven’t been worn yet, so it’s fine - and goes into the kitchen, where Sarah hands him the egg carton and tells him to crack six of them into a bowl.
“Might need more than two.”
Tony thinks it’s because of that that Obie doesn’t stick around and pry. Instead he claps Tony’s shoulder and says, “Well! Call me if you need anything.”
seems too small.
Steve puts any thought of Tony ‘getting all quivery’ out of mind. It has a very different connotation to him than it does to Bucky, and by the look on Bucky’s face, the bastard knows it.
Tony makes the face he often does when he talks about his childhood, his
Quickly checking his phone, Bucky winced and started petting Steve’s hair gently. “You got scared, huh?” he asked after reading the latest exchange.
That is a state secret, my friend.
“Oh.” Steve looked utterly baffled. “Okay then.”
A tear fell down Yzzial’s snout as he whispered,
You wound me, Honeybear.
Bucky scowled at him. “Did you set me up?”
Although Becca tried to get him to change his mind, Bucky knew he had to hide the second mark. This led to the decision to grow out his hair.
“Can I see them?” Bucky asked timidly after everyone else had already retreated to Tony’s guest rooms to sleep.
“Normally I’d advise you to tell him, but I don’t know if he’s ready for that yet,” Bruce said, leaning his head on Tony’s and rubbing his arm. “But I do think you should talk to him.”
Really.
is what I said to you.”
“I told you to get off me,” the omega said furiously.
And Bucky’s brain melted at the thought of Clint teaching children.
He had to make sure every feather was the same weight as the feather it corresponded to on the other side, make sure they were all shaped exactly correct so that they overlapped comfortably and the wind caught them the right way, and find a way to actually attach them to his wings.
“It’s okay, man,” Sam’s soulmate assured him. “This will make a good story.”
so i hear u like my arms
Clint said that he likes me!!!!
Rhodey shrugged. “You never know,” he said. He slung an arm around Tony’s shoulders and pulled him closer. “You could have asked me to do this Alpha thing.”
Pyziedot was nice, though, and Steve treated her well, so that was a point in his favor.
“Hey, Stevie,” Bucky said, smiling at his friend. “On time as usual.” His gaze fell on Tony. “And who is this?” he asked, grinning slyly.
Tony.
“Oh, here we go,” Rhodey said, rolling his eyes. He turned to Steve. “You might want to sit down.”
Then why did you freeze last time?
“Get off me, you prick!” the omega growled.
Maria laid down with an eyeroll and said, “I should be doing this to you. You look like hell.”
Yes, but she’s in your custody now.
cause i actually like him
Clint nodded. “Sam does, too.”
She rolled her eyes fondly. “I know you do, but you have to.”
Steve turned and dashed over to the dragons and knelt in front of them, bowing his head. “Yzzial, please forgive me for not introducing myself sooner. I am Steven Grant Rogers, a Captain in the United States Military and field commander of the Avengers. I ask you for permission to court your human, Anthony Edward Stark.”
Steve shifted to rest his head on Yzzial’s neck. “I was wondering where she was.”
“I have not!” Steve protested.
His team’s eyes widened. They watched as a glow started to emanate from underneath Steve’s waistband. It started to migrate upward, Steve writhing from the pain.
“They seem to be getting along,” Steve said, entering the room, Pyziedot on his heels. The queen dragon went over to the others and curled up next to them, her tail brushing Yzzial’s back. Steve stayed back, leaning against the wall.
“There is, actually,” Bruce said, pulling a flier out. “There is a program that matches pregnant omegas with a partner to live the duration of their pregnancy with.” He handed the flier to Tony before continuing. “Everyone who signs up is screened thoroughly before they can be matched with an omega. If you apply, you’ll be given scent samples of people in the area to choose from.”
“Already done, Sir.”
Yzzial replied before following Tony over toward one of the seats.
“No, I’m not,” Natasha said. “I
One of the braver nurses spoke up. “She was pretty rattled. We didn’t think she was up for visitors.”
Damn caps lock.
What?
“He does this a lot?” Bucky whispered back.
One, her name is Susie, and two, I broke the spinny thing you had.
It would be nice to see them again.
“What do you mean, ‘She’s been able to have guests since yesterday afternoon?’ Did none of you check to see if there was any family in the waiting room?”
You’re ridiculous.
Tony grinned as Rhodey swept him up in a hug.
Pyziedot nuzzled his cheek and replied,
“Like this,” Tony said, opening up the suit and stepping out, completely ignoring the others’ warnings to be careful.
“I’m fine,” Clint replied. “But Gaigheiss isn’t. They threw a grenade at him, the bastards.”
“Pops!” Mary chirped, lifting her head and looking stunned at her dad. Peter followed her right after, opening his chocolate eyes and smiling excited. “You’re back!”
Steve chuckled, shook his head and pressed his lips on his Omega’s forehead, keeping them there. “Silly Omega, I would propose to you every day”
“The baby gets all your attention, you never look at me anymore. You- You’ll grow tired of me, bored.”
Bucky was improving day after day, and they were all getting used to his presence in the tower. For Steve, it meant getting re-used to his ways of doing, and trying to keep separate what he remembered about his best friend and the person he became. They were two different people, even if Bucky had full control of his mental faculties again, years and years under HYDRA influence changed him at his very core level.
It was one of his most powerful moves, used only for emergencies: Captain America’s suit was comfortable enough, Tony made it after all, but wearing it to make love to his mate was… highly inappropriate. If it were for Tony, he would wear the suit to celebrate every anniversary, even the ones not related to their relationship. He was such a fanboy, and that’s exactly why he used carefully that powerful trump card, which worked every time.
“I’m. I’m fine sweetpea, very, very fine, no need to worry” Tony reassured their daughter, panting a bit. She worried about the sudden change in the Omega’s scent and way of purring – w0rked up, agitated – and misunderstood the excited thrill with
“Did you take off your shirt?” Bucky asked, bringing Steve back to the real world. He stopped with the fork mid-air, his lips already parted to take in the next enormous bite. He probably looked like a fool, mouth open and eyebrows furrowed, but he couldn’t process what he heard.
Tony winced and Steve went still, horror filled their eyes as they fixed their gaze on Wade, who was showing the brightest and naughtiest smile. The kid’s crazy, was the only thought he had the time to elaborate, before throwing himself at the Alpha, who looked like tremendously ready to snap and tearing Wade apart, keeping him from doing something he would regret.
“You what?” Steve asked, raising an eyebrow.
Steve opened the present, and it took his breath away for few instants. It was an arc reactor, slightly different from the last one that Tony created for himself, but he would have recognized its light and shape in every way. It wasn’t just that: half of the top of the tool was covered with a plaque that didn’t hide the vivid glow, and it was painted as half of his shield.
Steve groaned again and fuck, it hurt more than being shot to get Tony’s hands off him. He brought them to his lips and kissed the back of both, first one and then the other, slow and gentle, without interrupting eye contact with his Omega.
, they spoke much more than Tony himself, and he hardly stayed silent.
Sometimes, he wasn’t able to fall asleep without making sure that the light was the last thing he saw before closing the eyes. Tony mocked him, but he also slept without a top, and on his back, or at least not in any position that could have covered the glow.
“We’ll ask aunt Nebula,”
Tony circled Steve’s neck with both arms, and looked at him directly in the eyes, for real that time. Steve waited, gaze awed by the beautiful face he was observing, and the Omega stuck out his lips, closing his eyes and leaning forward.
They said nothing for a while, finding comfort in each other, gazing in each other eyes and cuddling together, bumping noses and stroking lips. They needed to make sure they were really there, and at four in the morning it was highly possible they were only hallucinating or dreaming. But the breaths, the quick beats of their hearts and the sweet, secret words they were exchanging confirmed what it’s seemed impossible only a few hours before.
With his heart beating loud in his ears, he focused on the devastating loud crying, sitting down with a gasp, searching for his husband with the other hand without even thinking. They’ve slept together for so many years, he didn’t notice right away the mattress wasn’t curvedunder the weight of Steve, and he wasn't tangledin his strong arms.
“Go then, sweetheart. The sooner you go, the sooner I’ll take care of you. Gonna take such good care…” he didn’t finish to speak, because his lips sealed onto Tony’s jaw line, scratching against his trimmed goatee, and making him mewl.
They got close to the car, where Peter and Ned were welcoming Wade showing him their new complicated and unnecessarily long secret handshake. Logan was exiting the vehicle, with dark sunglasses on and a cigar between his lips. He nodded toward them, and Tony found his path blocked by his mate’s hand.
So many things changed since they had met. He spent almost all his life being adamant about not being matched, fighting all the Omegas’ stereotypes, revolutionizing the way they were seen, rejecting every Alphas and Betas’ bullshits. He was considered the living example of thriving, successful Omega who fulfilled himself without a mate. When he met Captain America and they started living in the same place, he didn’t want Steve to act like an Alpha, also detesting being called Omega by him. And still, he had been such a good man to him…
, created by the long, skilled fingers of his Alpha squeezing his back. Fuck. His shameless body had started loosening at the slightest attention, lasted approximately fifty second, and outdoor. He’s done worse during his younger years, but nothing has felt like that moment. The embarrassment burned through him, made him twitch longingly. He forced himself to move, just a little, to smooth the tension. Don’t stay still, he ordered, trying to convince his own body to obey him, not the memories of soft touches that made him desire to bow, for his Alpha.
“Shouldn’t I tell you so, Omega?” His blue eyes sparkled with such a piercing ecstasy Tony felt his heart pumping faster, and shivers of arousal made him twitch between his legs. Steve read the excitement on his body, and responded with a long, deep growl from his throat.
aroused Omega in his arms. If the Alpha teased the right points, he would create irresistible urges for his mate, and that wasn’t correct.
Talking with him and releasing some frustration against two punching bags, made him recover sufficient calm to confront his Omega. He stopped for a shower first: Tony didn’t like when he showed sweaty in his lab, and the Omega’s mad already. Better not to make it any harder.
The Omega closed his eyes, sighing as he relaxed completely against his husband. They kissed again, slowly, lazily, then Steve left his lips in favor of his hands, he brought one to his mouth, and the last things Tony remembered were adoring kisses on his knuckles and on his wrist.
“That’s not true, I always look at you,” Steve said seriously.
, if you didn’t want to hear a never-ending scolding, by a very growling and very disgruntled Omega.
“Are you joking?” Steve let out another growl, a warning that resounded in the room. Bucky provoked his instincts by joking about his expecting Omega, and about the fight they had, as weird as it could sound. The other Alpha didn’t wince, he shrugged and dunk the spoon in the milk, while pouring more Cap’n Crunch.
, she would have been just his type.
Said person was out of Country, and Tony didn’t expect him to return for at least another couple of days. He missed Steve as if he himself was the one away from their house; it was like somebody took away a piece of his soul, a terrific feeling that he dragged along every minute he was awake and not hugging their little boy.
He still did that, he has so many people he wanted to keep safe - a thought still unfamiliar sometimes - and he could spend several days and nights in a row without resurfacing at all, surviving only thanks to Steve and JARVIS, or another friend if Steve was out for a mission. But it was his work and what he liked to do, not only a way to disconnect from everything else and vent his stress or insomnia.
“-belly,” Steve finished, glaring at his friend. “Next thing I know, he’s pushing me out of our bedroom, growling at me and yelling that I didn’t want him anymore, I was only interested in the baby,” three stabs followed his words, and his mouth was full again. His body required an incredible amount of food when he had to deal with Tony’s sudden mood swings and is pregnancy logic.
Tony bit his bottom lip, forcing his gaze to stay into Steve’s and not going down on his tasty lips. “Tell me what’s bothering you first,” he requested, and the demand sounded more like a plea. He knew Steve was trying to distract him, but he cared too much to let also the minor doubt bothering him.
“I can’t have that again, Tony.
He wasn’t that person anymore though. Steve made him…reevaluate and appreciate many things during the years together, including his gender. More than a decade, he thought cheerfully.  The Alpha really took care of him, and in exchange, he’s been the one who needed to be taken care of. When the Alpha’s instinct requested a mate to protect, Tony sought for protection. That was right, that was correct. It was the nature taking its course, and more importantly, it was Tony not going against the tide.
“And you haven’t seen him since?” Bucky sounded genuinely surprised: he hadn’t been around for so long, but enough to notice that whenever there was Tony, Steve was nearby. Their attachment even increased after the Omega got pregnant.
Forgetting everything Sam said only half an hour earlier, Steve stood up carefully, without meaning to appear authoritative. He unbuttoned the three buttons of his gray Henley shirt, after which he removed it in a slow motion. Tony and his growls froze, and it was his turn to look stunned and bewildered.
