“So what happens next?” asked Steve.
“I have a strong suspicion that that is two more orgasms than he has shared with anyone else. And he is not just pining, he is pining and sulking. First it was ‘Tony says…. Tony says... Tony says…’ day in, day out. Clint started calling it
He guessed they were here to pick Steve up. Bring him into the fold immediately, that’s what he would do. God, he hoped Steve was ready for this.
“Sounds like it finally developed good taste.”
“I see what you did there, Tony. Good. Bit of social suicide, possibly, but definitely making a statement there.”
He gets to the Safeway at the worst possible time, right in the middle of the oh-shit-we-need-something-for-dinner-crowd. It doesn't matter. The hustle and bustle flows right by him as if he isn't even there. He picks up a box of pasta, then puts it back down. He heads for the produce section.
“Ready to go hunt some cats, Stevie?”
“The fourteen cups you had yesterday.”
“Thank you for standing up for me. That.... That was difficult for me. You know, if they'd just punched me every time I'd opened my mouth, that I could have taken. Easily. But this... It brought back some really unpleasant memories and, you know, even if they were snubbing Del and not me, it was still me. You're a stand up guy, Tony.” Was Steve blushing? It was hard to see in the dim light and with the fake tan, but his ears looked decidedly red. Why was Steve blushing? Then Steve leaned forward and kissed him a little awkwardly on the cheek.
He studied Steve's handsome profile and was struck again with how solid a presence the man had become in his life. As if they were meant to stand side by side to face their adversaries and even life itself, rather than the temporary truces they had had only when shit hit the fan. It was fucked up that they had to take this side trip into hell-with-hermits to really come to appreciate each other, but that was kind of par for the course for Tony. It had taken him a trip to hell-in-Afghanistan to realize there was such a thing as personal responsibility and a trip to hell-through-palladium-poisoning to learn that shutting out the people you loved was always a bad idea. Something Steve still had to learn, obviously, with the way he'd gone inside his own head in the last week or so. Tony felt a little smug at being ahead there, for about a nanosecond, until he realized that Steve was light years ahead of him in the personal responsibility department. Well, that's why they made a good couple, they complemented each other.
“No, not information, more of a personal....”
Lancelot explained. “They killed the proper king of this castle and took all these ladies hostage and abused them horribly. The prophecy said they'd be defeated by one man, and fate picked Sir Percival.” He nodded to the knight who was holding the swords who had come closer. “He unarmed them all, it was a good fight. But then they fled like cowards. Fortunately, Gawaine and I were here to catch them.”
Only then did he notice that Tony was still struggling and that he had a death grip on the other boy’s face. Furious black eyes bored into his from only inches away, the brown irises swallowed by the pupils. Steve’s breath caught in his throat and his mouth went dry. He was immediately and urgently aware that he had never been this close to Tony Stark before. It was… unsettling. And exhilarating. Like touching the tip of your tongue to the end of a battery.
He didn't smell anything when he opened the door of the chapel this time. That was good news. At least some of the stuff was being filtered out. Of course, it was perfectly possible that the actual culprit was an odorless compound and there would be no way to find out if the filter got it out until he started seeing dancing unicorns, or something less benign, but that couldn't be helped. He struggled a bit with the manhole cover and when it came off a cloud of yellowish smoke billowed out, dissipating quickly. Tony peered down the hole. There was a flickering light coming from somewhere under the hill the chapel was situated against. He could see rungs leading down the shaft, but nothing else. Right. Down into the belly of the earth, into what seemed to be another fucking cave. Nothing good ever happened to Tony in caves.
“What the hell happened?” managed Tony with a wheeze.
Still shaking the handful of snow out of his hair that had been Bucky’s way of saying goodbye for the Christmas holiday, Steve opened the door of the Great Hall. Breakfast had long burned off and he was starving. He could hear the echo of his footsteps, they sounded hollow. Only this morning, the hall had rung with the voices of hundreds of overexcited students who couldn’t wait to go home on the Hogwarts Express. Steve had been caught up in the excitement, even though he wasn’t heading out with them. He never did. Being an orphan, he pretty much lived at Hogwarts. Wasn’t so bad, usually, because Bucky always stayed too. But this year Bucky had been invited to spend Christmas with Natasha’s family, which had been fertile ground for future in-law jokes, but still not something Buck would (or should) pass up, no matter how much ribbing he got about his Slytherin girlfriend. Sam was in trouble for getting shitty grades and so he hadn’t been allowed to invite Steve over after all. No matter, Steve could use some quiet study time himself. N.E.W.T.S. were coming up in only a few months, after all.
And said: I don't think-" While Tony blurted over him:
Tony barely stopped himself from growling "Moved him where?" Because of course that is what Loki was setting them up for, the childish prick.
"Yeah," Tony beamed, "It's awesome."
The kid looked up at Tony. "Those are my brothers. They suck."
Before Steve realizes what is happening, Tony has slid to knees and uncovered Steve's cock. The cool nighttime air does nothing to cool the feverish heat that has pooled in his groin. Tony looks up at him, his eyes invisible in the shade of the sockets and Steve looks back, certain he looks utterly ridiculous, his eyes as wide as saucers and his hands scrabbling faintly at the wall. He can't believe what's happening. Tony can't mean... Tony isn't going to...
. Tony was screwed.
What?
“That'll be a cold day in hell, dude.”
Steve frowned at Tony, despite that. “Must you be so crass? That wasn't all it was and you know it!”
Right. Okay then. He could spare a couple of hours to eat food. Although....
open the armor to get Tony the air he needed?
Nope. Not a stupid crisis. Tony had no idea. And Steve was going to let it stay that way.
Tony walked him to the front door.
He loses all sense of time in the grip of his grief.
"And now my life is reduced to a fucking Sting song. How absolutely depressing and cliché." He flung himself on the couch with an arm over his eyes, because that was just too close to the truth to be borne in comfort. Pepper sighed and hoisted herself back up on the workbench, picking up the abandoned tablet.
"I fit under your nose," Tony objected, "And believe me, she's not going to lead that dude. She doesn't have the upper body strength. She should look into Crossfit. Also, you're military and more used to taking the lead."
He landed on top of Steve, but it wasn’t long before Steve reached between them, gripping his own cock and starting to strip it at a truly brutal pace. Struggling to come down from his high, Tony wanted to protest. To help. He pushed back on his arms.
"Not really my thing." Which was a blatant lie. Steve had loved
"That won't matter to their fathers and brothers." Bors mumbled it under his breath, but Steve heard him anyway.
“JARVIS patched me in. Either that, or he has gone rogue and transferred his loyalty to me.”
“Godfuckingdammit,” Tony pants, heartfelt. Steve has no words, not even curses, so they lay there just breathing heavily for a while. Tony's head lolling against Steve's rib cage, one of his hands spread possessively on the inside of Steve's thigh.
Whenever he approached a keep or castle, the gates and shutters would slam closed and the few times he'd flown over the walls and landed in the courtyard to ask some questions, he'd been showered in arrows and, on one memorable occasion, boiling oil. It had taken him forever to clean it off the armor.
Jesus fucking God. Natasha had been right!  Tony jack knifed up to sitting. “Wait a minute. The army? Where the hell were you in the army?”
“J?” Tony tried to sound casual, while he torched the shed.
Twenty minutes later his hunch proved to be correct. Just when they were about to start the rumba, their potential contact entered the ballroom together with a pretty woman in a stylishly embroidered tunic and a headscarf. They asked and were granted permission to join in the class, but it was obvious they weren't there just for the dancing. Every time Steve looked their way, they were staring back at them. It was a little unnerving and trying to learn the Rumba at the same time was a challenge, to say the least.
“Regretfully, no. I have not needed that information, Master Rogers.”
"Dude, they wouldn't even know it was me who shot them," Clint tried.
“Let's get drinks.” Tony broke the silence.
“You know, I could fix that dishwasher for you if you want.”
to wake me up for the meeting, JARVIS."
"Jesus, Rogers, way to ruin my slutty reputation." That sounded like an excellent plan, actually, but Tony would die before he'd admit that. "Don't tell anyone I did anything so sappy as making love on a bed. With sheets and everything. Tell me we can skip the candles."
He wasn’t surprised she’d noticed, but he was surprised she brought it up. He didn’t know if it was the alcohol or the long day or the intimacy of sharing the night air in a mostly silent town, but it seemed wrong to lie.
"Good point," Tony said. "Doll? Are you lost? Tell me you're not lost."
pleasant enough, but Steve knew him better than that.
Tony searched desperately for something,
He glances at the clock. It's almost six pm, it's a valid question. It's just that he hasn't figured on cooking for the guy. But it's not like he can fix himself dinner and let Tony just watch him eat. That would be worse.
Steve doesn't know why he is smiling as he puts together a sort of improvised version of chicken tetrazzini, while Tony loudly deplores Steve's taste in books. It's not like Steve feels he needs to defend the literary merits of Tom Clancy. After he pushes the dish in the oven and sets the timer, he slices up some tomatoes and then he plucks his book out of Tony's hands and sits back down in his chair.
Tony nodded earnestly at Morgaine. She looked back at them, thoughtful. She looked at Tony, then Steve, then back at Tony. Then she said: "Fine. I see how it is." And Tony wondered what exactly it was that she saw, but he was relieved enough at her dropping the argument that he did not dare ask the question and risk starting it back up. Whatever she thought she understood was fine with Tony.
Steve got up and came back with a box lined with an old towel for Eve, as he insisted on calling the cat. They had bickered about it for days, but neither of them had scored a decisive victory, so now the cat had two names. They put the box in a quiet corner of the living room, but Stevie had other ideas and after the third time in two days that she had dragged all her kittens, one by one, to Tony’s sock drawer, they just left her there. Tony could always buy new socks.
Immediately he was surrounded by a bright blue glow and his hand started to tingle. The feeling quickly moved up his arm.
"Either you or Natasha, I'd think," considered Bruce. "He's befriended you of his own accord and both of you have spent a lot of time with him recently. I wouldn't know who else would qualify, really." He looked at Tony. "Do you?"
"Oh... That. Yes, I believe they do."
. He watched Tony weave to the front of the bus and start a discussion with the tour guide and then pull out his wallet. Several colorful Euro bills changed hands and the bus came to a stop at a nondescript street corner. Three minutes later they watched the bus drive off.
Tony flung his arms around Steve's neck and his breath hitched when Steve grabbed him under his knees, but he didn't say a thing. Instead he had a coughing fit right by Steve's ear.
Tony shrugged. "Haven't a fucking clue. Her specialty is undercover spy type work, so I am assuming she infiltrated something, somewhere. I hope it was a quiet week for alien invasions and doombots, since we were both elsewhere."
Tony wished the ground would open up and swallow everyone but Steve. Why the hell had he added a cowl to the guy's suit? He couldn't see enough of his face to read him and he needed to. Steve's stance seemed a little uncertain, but it was hard to tell. They needed to
“Mind if I see if I can fix it?'
The smell was much stronger here. So strong Tony could almost see little tendrils of the fumes escape from between the cracks between cover and floor. He reared back. Tony hadn't spent his middle decades living a life of utter debauchery without learning what mind altering drugs felt like at first exposure. He pinched his nose shut and scrambled out of the building without inhaling again. With a couple of deep breaths his head cleared. Fortunately. Because it was obvious that Steve and Percival had to be somewhere down that manhole, drugged to the gills and they were going to need Tony to get them out. Which meant that Tony was going to have to go in, but without breathing that shit, whatever it was. It was doubtful he'd be able to hold his breath for long enough to accomplish anything and he couldn't be sure that just plugging his nose would be enough, until he tried it and that wasn't going to fly. There really was only one solution.
"You would have gone off on a six month motherfucking bender in Malibu. Fat lot of good that would have done me. I needed you on the fucking ship."
blasting through the workshop.
“So what have you been doing in Europe, if not blowing your money on fast cars and fast women?” Rhodes wanted to know from behind him. Tony turned to face him by the doorway where Steve was waiting.
There was still no answer and that was answer enough.
"No shit," commiserated Sam. "I go along with the stupidest plans from that guy. Somehow they always work out, though. So did this one. Gotta say the place is beginning to look a lot like Christmas."
Tony felt his eyes on him as he lined himself up and slowly pushed in. He squeezed his eyes shut and grit his teeth to keep from coming right there and then. God, the pressure, the heat. It was beyond compare.
“Nope. Not giving you an out. I am not leaving those kind of decisions up to you. I think we both know how you screw them up.”
Steve blushed. Blushed!
"I don't think they're interested in talking."
But deep down, in the place where Tony occasionally didn't lie to himself, he hired her because he could easily flirt with her instead of giving in to his need to get all up in Steve. And
Steve nodded gratefully. She showed him how to make the poultices and the willow bark tea. The tea was bitter and Tony didn't like it, but he drank it all the same when Steve woke him up and ordered him to. Before she vanished, the hermit left him with directions (keep walking south west for half a week) and the renewed plea to make haste. Steve nodded his assent and when he turned back he was surprised to see Tony was still awake. His eyes were gleaming and his face was flushed with fever, and he was staring at Steve as if he couldn't quite believe he was there.
“She's...”
She paused and Tony was afraid to breathe. “It didn’t work,” she admitted. “The funk got worse.”
“Fuck! Really?”
"That'd be nice. I'm picturing them on some sun-drenched bluff with a view over the Mediterranean."
Tony did a convincing impression of a Vargas Girl, seated on the table as he was. Steve was about to mention said laundry lady's mustache when Morgaine cleared her throat. Loudly. Tony wiped the supposedly sexy pout off his face and pasted a contrite look on it before he turned to her.
On the couch, Coulson sniggered.
and the like. Steve hates it, it’s obvious. Why isn’t he having him do something useful?”
Tony smiles. A big smile, that shows the kind of teeth that are the product of a lifetime of expensive dental work. And it transforms his face. For a moment all the jagged edges dissolve and the man looking back at Steve resembles a mischievous boy more than anything. One that is utterly pleased with himself for having gotten Steve to pander to his whims. He has the indelible impression that Tony loves being pandered to, and that seems odd for a goat herd, but he is too busy staring at the way Tony's eyes sparkle to follow that line of thought. Then Tony looks down at his feet, breaking the moment and leaving Steve a little stunned and with the uncomfortable feeling that someone has just jammed a small fishhook under his diaphragm.
Now the hours passed like days. Every minute or two Steve stopped and forced a few breaths into Tony through mouth to mouth, just in case. Their progress was agonizingly slow as they crossed swell after swell, an endless monotony of up and down in the cold gray water. Steve prayed they would make it before it got dark. He didn't give much for their chance of navigating through the no doubt rocky swells after the sun went down.
"Okay, the back side then. But with the potstickers."
hissed Tony.
“Not paying you to have a smart mouth, kid.”
“Is somehow losing power. J and I couldn't figure out how or why. Must be a side effect of the magic transporting us here.”
Okaaaaayyyy. "And that one?" He pointed at one with a wide open mouth and an amorphous brown blob on his yellow shirt.
“I’m sorry, I gotta…”
"Yeah you do," Tony barreled on. "For Fury, you do. Pretend you're kissing his ass or something." Steve didn't think he'd ever seen a stupider picture than the one Tony eventually sent to Fury with both of them cheek to cheek making kissy faces at the camera with the Colosseum behind them. Tony captioned it: "Blissful. You?" Steve kind of wished he had a copy of it.
"You have got to be fucking kidding me! How I would
Stark grinned at him. “That is JARVIS. He'll answer any questions you have. Try not to piss him off, he can be a bitchy little queen if you get his virtual hackles up.”
Obviously they had gotten overconfident. The Waltz was being a bitch. Steve found it difficult to go from the four count of the Quickstep to the three count of the Waltz, even with Jarvis's help, and somehow it felt similar to ice skating and he had to keep stopping himself from plowing forward as if it was a race to be won. It didn't help at all that they were supposed to hold their partners closer during the Waltz and he could smell Tony's shampoo. When they didn't move quite in unison, which happened all the time, Tony's hair would brush along Steve's mouth and it was difficult not to bury his face in it. He gritted his teeth and stamped down on the urge, but apparently flustered and tense wasn't a good state to Waltz in.
“It may be easier to part now,” he warned. “In two months time… it may be so much harder to say goodbye then, Tony.” He kissed him again, tongue flicking against Tony’s lips and Tony opened for him eagerly.
He shouldn't have mentioned the suit. Tony was just working himself up into a fine lather and Steve was looking more obstinate by the second, when Morgaine swanned into the garden with Accolon and Mordred in tow. Immediately, Steve and Tony acquired pleasant expressions and turned to stand shoulder to shoulder facing Morgaine.
Letting his body go soft and pliant, he stepped into the rough embrace, sliding his hand softly up Steve's neck and tilting his head for better access. He teased Steve's lips open with his own as he pressed closer, using his whole body to silently chant 'I want you, I want you, I want you. Feel how much I fucking want you'. It wasn't how Steve had expected him to react, he could tell that much from the way the kiss kind of stuttered and turned uncertain for a second. Then anger and desperation melted out of Steve and Tony seized the opportunity to press even closer and wedge a knee between Steve's legs. Now his dick was pressed against Steve's thigh and he could feel Steve's against his hip. He almost made his own knees buckle, it felt so good. Steve groaned and slid his hands down to Tony's ass and Tony did a little victory dance in his head for a second, but then all coherent thought got lost in a frenzy of groping, rubbing and trying to devour each other.
"You know. The moon is huge in the mountains of Afghanistan. When I couldn't sleep, I'd sit outside my tent and look at the moon and I'd think of you.... And I'd hear you sing that in my head....” He sighed. “Fine. I'll wear the damned tux."
“Always, Cap.”
“I would hope that if my father was an Elven king, he would have shown up after this.” She pointed to the bruise.
"Steven Grant Rogers. July 4th, 1918."
"What on earth are you sorry for? I haven't had this much fun in years."
“Just letting you know I did it. Not dying anymore.”
It took him another hour to reach the village. It was deserted like all the others, so Steve went right through it to the coast. He started looking around for a boat when he noticed the tide had fallen and exposed a narrow land bridge. Thanking the stars, he crossed quickly through the squelchy sand and made his way up some stone stairs into the castle, leaving muddy footprints behind. There was no one at the gate, so he went inside. A few torches were lit along the hallways, though, and he followed the main one to what he assumed must be the center of the castle. He had no hands free, so when he came to a set of double doors, he kicked them open.
"I am not on your watch! And how does it help if you drown yourself in the process?!"
“What's wrong with the visitation schedule? There's always someone there. To make sure he wouldn't check himself out, I was told. By
"Really," stated Tony, making sure all the apprehension he was feeling wasn't showing in his voice. "You're in the soul collecting business then." Fortunately, he had lots of practice getting what he wanted from despicable people at political -and charitable- events and he forced himself into that debonair mindset. "Demon? Devil? Evil overlord? Are you friends with Loki?"
to carry Tony of the ice? Why would he ever ….
Tony didn’t miss the little tremor that went through Steve as he was talking, though, and he started pushing him up the stairs. Doesn’t matter, his ass. Steve’s boots squelched on the steps and he was leaving a trail of water behind. Jesus fucking Christ. This was so not okay. He pushed Steve into the kitchen, even though the man tried to back out when he found four people there, who were staring at them with various degrees of shock on their face. Tony glared at them in warning behind Steve’s back and, of course, Natasha was the first to recover. She grabbed a clean dish towel from the drawer and tossed it to Steve. He awkwardly started wiping at his face with it. It gave Tony a chance to talk.
"This trip has been good for me. I've finally seen my country. I've talked to people that remember the times when I was growing up. I've talked to kids who think the future is better with Captain America in it. It's been.... healing." Another roundabout answer.
Alright.... Showtime!
“Thank you, Hill. Excellent. Right on time. Come in, captain. Now I'll only have to go through the details once. Captain Rogers, this is Tony Stark, your partner in this endeavor. Stark, say hello to Steve Rogers.”
“Yeah, well,” says Steve, resuming his potato peeling, “good thing I have airco.”
Clambering to his feet, he avoids the mirror as he gulps down some water and splashes it over his face. He finally empties his bladder, the sound of the stream hitting water deafening in the silence of the house. He hesitates before he unlocks the door, but he needn't have worried. Tony's door is firmly closed. He slips back into bed and falls into blackness.
yelled Clint from the couch, where he was finishing off the vodka with Natasha. "I can't take it anymore! You're killing me over here. Nat, give me the mistletoe." Steve and Tony dragged their eyes away from each other and stared at Clint.
and it was as simple as leaving through a different exit and making his way to the race track without Steve spotting him. Of course, that would only last until the tv crews had caught on, but with a little luck he would be going a couple hundred miles per hour by the time Steve figured it out.
"Blue," was the only thought Tony came up with. The eyes were very, very blue.
“Fine. Shoo. Go do that.”
Tony smiled his
Tony studied the faraway look on his face. He obviously still didn't want Tony to know, and Tony could respect that. Or he could not, because, honestly, how bad could it be?
The woman considered him gravely, then nodded. She held the blue shimmering shape high and at the same time Tony seemed to come to. There was no recognition in his eyes, they were as empty as a doll's, but he reached out a hand to the ball of light and it expanded. The room seemed to fade away, washed away in blue, and Steve buried his face in Tony's neck and held on for dear life.
"No, we don't. We are exactly where we are supposed to be. They know where we are. We need to let them come to
It had taken months for the hope to die. The hope that somebody, anybody, would figure out how to bring him back. Tony was supposed to be a genius, wasn't he? And Thor should by rights be able to undo what his brother did. Surely somebody would care enough to come for him. He had expected it to happen any day. But nobody had come. Month after month had passed and here he still was, without a clue of how to get back. If he was completely honest, a big part of his reluctance to fit in here was petulance and self pity. He'd been working so hard on fitting into the future for two years straight and he'd finally started feeling somewhat at home and somewhat connected to people like Sam and Natasha. And it had all been for nothing. Now he was living among people who didn't even know America existed or that the Earth moved around the Sun and he'd only stopped screaming his frustration into his pillow at night a few months ago.
"Yeah, yeah. Sure. And I know you went on that cruise ship with him, but Tony..." Rhodey hesitantly touched a card of the world's largest frying pan with just the tip of one finger, as if he expected it to dissolve into smoke.
He thumbed the intercom off, because it felt uncomfortable, bickering with his PA while being stared down at by the man in black on black, who was raising a single eyebrow at him. The other was covered with an honest to god eyepatch. Tony raised an eyebrow in return, already annoyed by the who-is-going-to-speak-first-pissing-contest they seemed to have going on. The silence dragged on for a bit while Steve came to stand by Tony's shoulder. Fury's eye flicked to Steve and then back to Tony.
“Oh!” Tony came all the way up, finally freeing Steve’s legs.”We can ride the bike there! You can-” He looked at Steve, a grin spreading over his face, making Steve wonder what trouble lay ahead “Oh, hell yes!” Tony exclaimed. He jumped off the bed and stalked over to the painting. “Jarvis!”
"It is," nods Steve, "Enjoy your book."
"You should have had
They raced up the stairs.
When Tony next woke up it was full night. Usually he slept like the dead when drunk, at least for the first 4 hours or so, but he could tell he had not been asleep that long. What...? Oh. Steve was next to him in the bed and he was making noises. Familiar noises and not the good kind. Tony looked over to his right. Steve was curled into a fetal position with his back toward Tony and he was shivering. The room was warm and Steve radiated heat. Fever? No. Nightmare. Tony had gained a healthy respect for nightmares ever since he'd been forced to become Iron Man. Fuckers were nasty. At the tower he'd programmed JARVIS to wake him up every time he showed signs of having one. Waking up to a gong beat being trapped in that shit any time. He tried saying Steve's name. Nothing but more heartbreaking whimpers and more shivering. Louder didn't work either. So he finally tried shaking him awake. Steve flailed and almost caught him on the nose when he flew upright, panting.
“I asked your robot butler to ask you, but he said you didn't want to be disturbed when you were working on the armor.”
She peered into the hut.
"You are too on my watch!"
"I don't think there is a hidden meaning in a large ball of yarn," she said, "And you're going to drive yourself nuts over those cards if you are going to start looking for hidden messages, Tony. Nuts-er, I mean."
Tony shrugged. It had been worth a try, but he had been prepared for it to fail. He was not prepared for the thing being able to tell whether he spoke the truth or not, though. That was a serious complication. Tony wondered if the demon could mind read or if it just had an internal lie detector of some sort. Or maybe it was just so attuned to the state of souls, it could tell when they were being devalued by the act of lying.
“I look ridiculous.”
"He'd never have been made a knight if he hadn't been the king's nephew. Actually, that is not true. King Lot, his father, would have bought him knighthood somewhere anyway."
the Alien invasion. He turned back to Steve.
"I overheard something as we were walking down the hall. Whatever you do, don't give them the armor Tony. Somewhere in this building, and I wish I could pinpoint where, but there's just too many people around, talking at the same time... Somewhere in the building two people just greeted each other with 'Hail Hydra!'”
"Who is Antonio?" Tony asked as Steve jogged off to retrieve his com unit, but Steve didn't answer. "Who the
Tony fell back onto his back and stared at the ceiling. This time he could hear the front door loud and clear.
“East.”
“Oh, such old-fashioned good manners!” she purred.
It turned out Tony had already made camp at the creek, and a pot full of soup was simmering on a merry little fire. Steve hated the thought that Tony had wandered off by himself and taken care of all this, instead of staying put like he'd wanted him to, but the sight of their camp all set up was too wonderful to consider complaining about it.
Steve shook his head. "No. I've just been told where to report in Barcelona on Saturday for debriefing. This isn't a standard military operation, not enough blazing guns for that. I don't know how they get their intelligence, but I doubt they were involved with anything Black Widow took part in." He looked thoughtful. "What
Shock spread over Steve's face.
"Rules are for nice people, Clark. Go find a phone booth and get changed. I have to make more sushi." And Tony flew off with his repulsors at the ready. He still heard Steve though.
and he wanted to matter to Tony.
"Fetch me for what, exactly?"
There is a restless energy emanating from Tony that puts Steve on edge and he wants to say no. He wants Tony to sprawl on the couch like he did last night and lazily bitch about his book, but he can see that that isn't going to happen. He balks at anyone messing with the TV, it's his mom's TV, and... And fixing it is much better than replacing it. If it would work again, he wouldn't have to think about replacing it anymore.
, Sir?”
“And you’re not afraid I’ll want to sleep with her, too.”
The female elf, who was wearing a shimmering dress, frowned at him.
Steve turned, his mouth full of sandwich, and waved curtly. Tony didn’t know what that meant, and he didn’t think Steve did either.
Natasha laughed. Tony realized he'd never heard her laugh before. He quickly looked over at Steve, who was also staring at Natasha, his mouth open in wonder. He wasn't the only one then. Then Steve's eye cut over to him and he shot Tony a big happy smile. Tony felt like he was drowning, but he couldn't look away. Finally Steve dimmed the wattage.
“That sentence doesn’t parse. There is no such thing as ‘away from the gun’. Best hurry, Stark.”
this week. Just in case, sir. I must say, it's been a lovely and uneventful trip so far."
"Um... Well....."
“For what?”
It was Thursday.
Part of it was that he couldn’t stop wondering where Steve was now. Rotterdam? Brussels? London? Had he gone south or north? He felt so fucking helpless in the knowledge that he had no way of finding him, no way of contacting him, no way at all. He didn’t even know Steve’s last name. The idea that he might never, ever find out what would become of Steve ate at him like a cancer. So did the inevitable turn those thoughts would take as to what Steve was doing to stay alive. Multiple times a day he’d have to shut his eyes and grit his teeth and find something else to do really quick as he tried to banish the image of Steve on his knees on some dirty sidewalk in front of some unsavory stranger.
Steve got up and padded over to where Tony was busy with a soldering iron and a staple gun. He pressed his front against Tony's back, just because he could and said softly: "So Hydra never showed last night...."
She finally left and Tony stifled a sigh before he looked at Steve. Ignoring whatever it was he could or could not see on his face, he offered a distraction.
Tony nodded.
Bucky would have snarled something like “Get lost, Rat. Go buy yourself some new friends if you broke your old ones.” And Tony would have… Tony wouldn’t even have asked.
“Just because I am not drinking doesn't mean you can't drink, you know that right? I really don't mind. I thought you might want to, if you're going to sing.” Steve said earnestly. Before Tony could answer, JARVIS piped up in their ears:
"You have an ill fitting monstrosity you got off the rack at Marshall's. Which I am going to burn as soon as I can pry it from your cold, dead hands."
Instead, he fled.
Pepper smiled her sweetest smile. “Somewhere all those noble urges to save people are much appreciated. Oh, wait. That's Steve, not you. You will have a much more difficult time, I'm afraid. It's really not a good place for you.”
“I was about to be deployed,” inserted Rogers and he sounded put out instead of relieved. Military people were weird.
“Excuse you? You should be flattered Gryffindor has stooped to putting up your defenseless sleeping ass.”
Tony frowned. “I had pegged you more for an Enya kind of guy, Sam.”
Heads turned as Tony did a quick survey of the room. All were accounted for, but the object of his wrath was standing by the kitchen counter, wearing a soft looking pair of sweats and an obnoxiously tight t-shirt that showed off all the massive muscles Tony had been deprived off recently. His hair was cut short again. When he turned around and spotted Tony his face did a happy-concerned-shuttered thing that Tony hated. He started forward on his crutches but was immediately waylaid by Bruce.
?!? There are professionals that do that, people. There are professionals out there that you pay and they come to your house and they decorate it and it will be all tasteful and shit. And in the meantime, you can get some work done. It's a splendid system. We should honor it."
Tony repeats himself, hotly breathing the words into his ear. The intimacy is devastating. Steve tries to say stop. He really does. But when Tony's hand slides down with his fingertip stopping just barely under the waistband of his pants, what comes out is a croaking “Please.” He doesn't even know what he is asking for. For Tony to stop or for Tony to do...
“Steve tells me you offered him a security job when he gets out.” Bucky continued.
Tony didn’t know what to say to that. He honestly hadn’t thought that far ahead. Hadn’t even considered it. His silence pissed Steve off more. He came halfway up the ladder so he and Tony were face to face.
"That's no basis for a system of government!" crowed Tony, bumping his shoulder into Steve with enough force to make him stumble. "O my God, Steve, you have no idea what a tragedy it has been that absolutely no one has been getting my Monty Python references! It was, like, worse than the lack of coffee. Almost! Man, I could kiss you right now!"
“Begging your pardon, Sir, but you don't look much like a demon, Sir.”
“I'm sorry! I'm sorry, Tony! I didn't mean to crush you!”
It stabbed Steve right in the gut. Tony had a beautiful voice. He vaguely remembered this from a few nights ago when they'd been discussing this event, but it hadn't been like this. Not with these words, this song.
"This is true."
“I slept good, actually. Just woke up in a bit of a state. Couldn't go back to sleep.”
They had made their way down into a small room that was called the King David chamber because of the frescoes when the kid pulled on his grandma's hand.
“Good, good,” Tony breathed. And he started to slowly peel parts away from the motorcycle, flicking them over towards the asteroid cloud. Steve wanted to shout at him to just get the fucking wheels off, but he couldn’t do it and maintain the spells. All he could do was clench his jaw a little harder. Tony was digging parts out of the middle instead. It took about 15 interminable minutes before Tony flicked his wand one last time and a jagged piece of bike came flying out that Steve could just tell was rigid with rage, somehow. Suddenly the motorcycle went completely still and Steve was about to lower it to the floor gently with a sigh of relief, when Tony hissed
Tony's room was sparse, very much unlike the man Steve thought he knew. A large bed, a desk and a couple of wooden stools. Tony plonked the food and drink he'd confiscated on the table. He dropped onto the stool, breathing just a tad too heavily to be justified by the stairs they'd climbed to get here. Tony definitely did not look as healthy as when he'd seen him last in New York.
“Lemme go,” Tony hissed.
the ship.
“I didn't think you hated me! I just didn't think you
“Army.” It's easier when Tony isn't looking at him, Steve finds. He's not sure he would have answered otherwise. “Afghanistan,” he adds after a pause.
“Care to explain?”
is what bugs me!" He glared at Rhodey as if he'd personally decided to rename War Machine and it hadn't been a decision by a committee of generals. Rhodey grinned back.
Tony went off on a happy tangent about computer animation and CGI and motion capture and he even pulled out his tablet and showed Steve photoshop and several drawing programs.
" he corrected. "
"I think Ms. Romanov considers you more of a bad sport, sir."
Tony looked up from his work. A soft smile played on his face with the flickering of the fire light. "I'm collecting charcoal."
"Barring any last minute alien invasions, I'm sure I can make it work."
"Tempting," said Tony, "I'm sure I'll look edible in chaps and a tuxedo jacket. Do they come with a matching jock strap or will I be dangling?"
“What was it like to live with Tony Stark for so long? He’s got a
. You need to
“I highly doubt that that is going to happen, these things aren't that complicated.” Tony eyes Steve and adds after a second: “But if I can't then I'll put it back together and it will still be the same.”
He hadn't expected that expression. “What?” said Steve.
“Good. He needs to pack up his stuff. Pick him up in an hour or so at his apartment.”
under the guise of 'assistance'.
“We are near Mr. Barnes’ apartment, boss. Should I circle the block a few times?”
“Pick up your feet, Mr Rogers, you’ll wear out your shoes if you keep dragging them that way.”
Steve tears his eyes away from Tony's crotch and leans a little left to try and look around him at the screen. He tries, but it's like he’s never seen baseball before in his life, it's incomprehensible what's happening on the screen. But he stares at it as best it he can because it's what Tony wants him to do. He's having trouble remembering to breathe though when Tony leans closer and when Steve feels his fingers undoing the button of his khakis, he can't help the small gasp that escapes him. He fights to keep his eyes on the screen as Tony trails his fingers over the bulge in his boxer briefs, his hips bucking up to get more friction.
“At twenty-one? Good for you. Hard to imagine Stane objecting to that, though.”
“Never mind Sauron, he is just another demon of some sort. Minor one. But I need the Eye because the man I am looking for will recognize it.”
“You are?” Steve was genuinely surprised.
A couple of tentacles shot up from one of the squids that was already submerged and whipped around his ankles. It yanked him under water in the blink of an eye.
Before he could open his mouth to answer though, Phil looked over Tony’s shoulder with a mildly quizzical look.
“I've been to see you.”
"I speak French, leave JARVIS to do the listening," Steve said, "Come on, over there." They moved to a bench that was placed looking outward and facing away from the couple they were spying on. Sitting down with their heads together, Tony passed him his com unit. Steve listened.
“Don’t be. Just. Come back when you can, alright? Help me with the cats.”
She tapped her lips with the capped permanent marker thoughtfully, the cans of tuna forgotten on the table. Tony waited. She was observant and sharp as a tack and to be honest, it was a relief to talk to someone about Steve. He should probably respect the man's privacy and not even speculate, but that really wasn't Tony's strong suit. It was in his nature to always want to know everything and not prodding Steve for more than he was willing to tell had been really hard.
"I needed to get away. I needed to stop feeling manipulated." It wasn't an answer, but in a way it was.
"Tony, what....?" He didn't know how to go on.
“Yeah,” Clint contributed from the kitchen. “Last time I used your shit, you put hairdye in my shampoo.”
"Yeah. Well... There's a first time for everything." He returned to the door and beckoned Steve in. Tony slipped outside quickly, but not quick enough.
When he rounded a copse of trees, he spotted the man, but he wasn't alone. About two hundred yards down the track Percival was talking to a lady, who was holding a beautiful black horse by the reins. The animal was pawing the muddy ground restlessly and tossing his manes. As Steve watched the lady handed the reins to Percival, who looked delighted. Suddenly wary, Steve made to call out to Percival, but the man had already jumped into the saddle. As soon as his butt hit the leather, the horse was off and Steve's cry got stuck in his throat. Within seconds the horse had disappeared around the bend, its speed way beyond anything that could be considered natural. The lady turned to Steve, smiled at him and then vanished into thin air.
. Tony doesn't wait to find out.
He gets that. He totally gets that. Steve has spent so much fucking time being afraid of himself around Tony the last two days that he respects that. He doesn't have a clue why Tony would be scared, but that's okay, because that's what keeps this uncomplicated.
She peered at him over her glasses. "If he chooses to do so, Mr Stark. We cannot in good conscience argue for his emancipation and then force him to work for SHIELD. He will be free to do what he wants. He can enlist again, if that is what he wants."
“Because they’re ugly.”
“Natasha, we’ve shared a total of two orgasms. He is not
“Indeed we wouldn't, Sir.”
"Not for lack of trying," answered Steve. He was still a little pissed about the stunt with the repulsor, but it was hard to be angry with someone who was this miserable.
And with that Tony was home.
Tony continued as if Steve hadn’t bitched at him.
Tony watched as the interview veered back to more inane matters and watched Steve’s affable performance with a critical eye. And a performance it was. It was good, but Tony could tell his heart wasn’t in it. The smiles were a little lackluster, there was no twinkle in his eye, his laughs didn’t boom the way Tony remembered. Steve was mostly ok, but Steve wasn’t
It was one of Clint’s friends, alright, but not one of the obnoxious ones. This was the guy that was going to move into Tony’s room, once he’d moved into Bruce’s. Tony wondered again why on earth they had voted for a dude who wore suits as everyday attire, but then he recalled that the soft spoken man could quell Clint with just a look and a lift of his eyebrow and that had seemed an important contribution to the household dynamics at the time.
Tony eventually learned not to react to the things Steve was saying when he blew up and also not to try and convince him of the insignificance of the transgression, but to soothe the anxiety that was buried under the anger. That helped diffuse the situations much better and the angry episodes became much more manageable after that. Steve eventually stopped trying to pack his stuff and leave after every outburst, when he’d finally accepted that Tony was having none of that.
Then his faceplate finally closed and he had other things to do for a while.
“You know why I am always clean shaven, Tony?” he hissed.
“That sounds like Howard, all right,” Steve nodded and promptly wished he had bit his tongue. Howard was topic-non-grata for Tony, and any time Steve had mentioned him before, Tony had clammed up, glared at him and walked away. Damn. Steve busied himself with switching out branches, purposely avoiding eye contact, hoping that Tony wouldn't do that this time. The silence stretched. Please don't shut me out, Steve repeated silently, come on, Tony, don't walk away...
woken him up from that nasty nightmare later. But it was nice to have the upper hand for a change, and the man was kind of adorable when he bitched and moaned. Steve suspected finding Tony adorable was something that should not be mentioned to the man in question, and given that it wasn't a very manly sentiment to start with, he resolved to keep that to himself for the foreseeable future.
, naked under him Steve paused to look his fill, sliding his hands up and down all that beautiful skin that he'd been craving to touch. He ripped off the patch that covered the arc reactor and admired the way the cool blue light played over the planes and angles of Tony's chest. It picked out the scars that Steve now trailed his fingers over, touch light and reverent. He looked up at Tony's face just in time to see a flash of vulnerability in the brown eyes. Then Tony grimaced and jeered: "Come on. You promised to touch my dick." So Steve did, closing his hand around it and giving it an experimental pull that made Tony groan and throw his head back. Steve reveled in the feel of the slippery, warm shaft that seemed to fit his hand perfectly. It was slick with pre-come and slid in and out of his hand with ease. Steve swiped his thumb over the slit every time the head came up, loving the feel of Tony pushing up to meet him.
"Did I just run into.... my alter ego in the atrium?" Steve waltzed into the workshop without so much as a peep from JARVIS.
"You're singing
Lancelot looked back at him. “Hermits are holy men,” he explained when he saw Steve didn't understand. “They know things that we know not and they always speak truth. We are sworn to heed their words. Great evil befalls those who ignore them. Please do not jeopardize our quest by lingering, Sir Stephen.”
He ran a hand through his hair, then gave it up as a lost cause.
"Noooooo, it's alright. This is fine." God, that was the least convincing no Tony had ever heard. In combination with the puppy eyes it was truly pathetic. Tony rolled his eyes.
"I know! So it worked great, right? If I just up the..."
“AAAAND......” He added in a high pitch. “A SHRUBBERY.” JARVIS stumbled on the word.
about what else to do.”
Then there had been something that Tony could have sworn was an almost-kiss. And despite his little sojourn into inappropriate fantasies in that haunted church, his own reaction should have been 'What the hell?' But instead it had been 'Hell yes!' and Tony still didn't know if he was pissed or relieved it hadn't happened. Nothing had been said about it afterwards, Steve went back to normal right after. Well, the new normal, the kind and smiley normal. The normal that was sucking Tony in like cartoon quicksand. Except now it was even worse, because Steve held a part of Tony that no one else knew about, and it had created some sort of a bond that Tony was afraid he could never again undo. And even more afraid that he didn't want to undo it. Which is why he hadn't dared to ask about this possibly almost-kissing stuff.
“Aw!” said Tony, “Thor is licking Bruce? Atta boy!”
Fifteen minutes later his optimism had crashed.
. Tony hated that, because, hellooooooo Daddy Issues, and he so wasn't going to go there right now. The long and the short of it was that Steve was rightfully angry because Tony had followed his dick and Tony had no clue what to do about it.
"Tony!
"At least take my scarf." Before Tony could say anything, he'd unwound it from his neck and wrapped it around Tony's. It was soft and warm and it smelled like Steve and Tony wanted to marry it. Steve was still holding on to the ends of the scarf when Tony looked up and met his eyes. Steve was looking at Tony as if he... This was the moment in the holiday movie where the dude would pull the girl in by the scarf and kiss her. And Tony realized with a sinking feeling and a stutter in his heart that he wanted that. That somehow in the last few hours he had gone and fallen for Steve and the whole ridiculous Christmas thing and he wanted nothing more at that moment than to close the distance and kiss Steve until he couldn't see straight. To feel the heat of his tongue in his mouth and his hands in his hair and that whole magnificent body wrapped around him. God, he must be delirious from hypothermia.
"Very well, Sir."
“Sir Percival, your mother was a wise and compassionate woman. Let's go inside and determine what needs to be done.”
"Hey." Tony whispered, smiling back.
are singing
“There is furniture to shred, and sun beams and did I mention all the high quality food?”
“No point,” says Steve, “I don't fill it up fast enough for it to keep it in good working order. Besides... the drought. This uses far less water.”
“I'm aware. Ungrateful bastards. Putting me on top of the hit list after I built them those helicarriers. That was before I was aware, of course.” Tony shrugged. “I'm not blaming you. I'm just hoping to make Hydra pay some day for costing me my girlfriend.”
"I'm outsourcing it!" Tony called back. "J.A.R.V.I.S., call a cleaning service."
“Right. I think Nat has tuna. I’ll borrow that.”
"How about a trade? A thought for a thought? Or are yours worth more? You've been mighty stingy with them lately."
He felt Steve smile against his skin, and then Steve lifted his head and said fondly: "I missed you more, you idiot."
He gives Tony plenty of time in the bathroom, before he lets himself go up to check and see if the coast is clear. The bathroom door is open and his mom's bedroom door is shut. He quickly brushes his teeth and speed walks to his own bedroom. There's no generator noise and no screaming guitars and he tells himself he's done the right thing. Even though it feels strange to know someone else is sleeping in the house. He doesn't think he'll sleep well. But he's out in minutes and sleeps like a rock.
Steve paused in the entrance to the hall and surveyed the scene. Arthur and Guinevere were seated on the dais, with all the knights milling about in front of them, the rest of the keep's inhabitants crowded around them. The shouting turned out to be Sir Gawaine having an argument with his brother Sir Agravaine, which was not uncommon and definitely not something that normally drew an audience this size.
They continued washing with a little less touching. Bruce came back out of Tony’s room with a smile on his face.
, to try and gain some kind of composure. Unfortunately, it wasn't an instant fix and the silence stretched. Steve dropped his duffel bag and set the helmet down on the other side of the bench. He leaned against the workbench a couple of feet away from Tony, but facing out, where Tony was stubbornly facing in, glaring at the bit of tech he was undoubtedly demolishing. He couldn't quite recall what it had been for, anyway.
"Mr Stark...... Tony..." It was a surefire sign of how serious Elisa was, that she used Tony's first name. Despite the twenty years she'd worked for Stark Industries, twenty years in which he had insisted that she call him Tony, it had been Mr Stark at all times. "Tony, you can't go to the trial."
"What?" Steve panted, "What's wrong?"
out of trouble,” whispered Steve, trying to not broadcast what he was saying, although there were probably a dozen eavesdropping spells on them by now.
“Steve. No sleeping. We’re heading for Bucky’s. We need to clean up.”
"I shall relay that message to her, shall I, Sir?"
He glanced over to pile of gingerbread men Natasha was producing. They weren't what you'd call traditional. He cocked his head.
"Where are we?" Steve asked, looking for a street sign on one of the soot blackened buildings.
"Understood," Steve said, and Tony was struck by how alert he looked right now. Almost as if he was enjoying this. "You two go get the suitcase suit. Stay together if at all possible. You heard Black Widow, hostiles are already on the ship, so proceed with care. Try to take them out without killing them, if you can, so as not traumatize the other people on this ship." He paused and looked at Clint. "As soon as you have the suit, let me know through the com, or if necessary through a flare from the balcony and we'll make our way up to the helipad, so the quinjet can pick us up."
“Shut up.” He dredged up a wobbly smile for Steve.
Florrie dished Percival out some gruel while the tall knight carefully emptied the buckets in the fresh water barrel and then they both joined them at the table.
So much for that. “That is because I am not.”
Now he was sitting next to him and Tony needed to sleep, but he couldn't yet, because he needed to eat first. He wasn't hungry, because the arc reactor was still causing waves of mild nausea, but he knew not eating would be a stupid, stupid decision right now. So he watched Bors make food while the stocky man kept scolding Percy. And Steve on occasion. Apparently Steve had failed him too, in some way. Steve didn't react to that. He hadn't reacted to Tony's prodding earlier either. He was just staring stoically into the fire as if he was trying to kill it with the power of his gaze. Trying to kill something, anyway. Tony had a pretty good guess what Steve was trying to kill and he wanted to tell him memories didn't work that way, but it was clear Tony was the last person Steve wanted to talk to right now.
Percival!
Steve stopped talking, but he didn't look happy about it at all.
"I think so," said Tony, "And since we have no guarantee that Hydra is not hostile towards the Porters too, I kind of hope he is there tonight because it would mean fewer people that want us dead."
“Of course not! At least, I don’t think think so. I’ve never tried making a horcrux. I wonder if-”
It's not so bad at first. Steve introduces himself and Goat Man's name turns out to be Tony. There is an awkward moment when Tony comes into the living room and takes in Steve's mom's Hummel figurine collection. He obviously has an opinion on grown men and Hummel, but thankfully he says nothing. Steve shows him the washer and the shower and then he gets about twenty minutes to settle back in with his book.
something. The antsiness just wouldn't abate.
By the time the movie ended it was just the two of them. Still with the two inches between them as if neither of them had noticed they now had space to spread out.
"Did it involve vomit, diapers, animal suits or me wearing a leash and collar and ass-less chaps 24/7?"
“Is the only way of getting out on the other side.”
When the thing was finally,
“Hang on. Can you tear these up for me? I gotta go get… a thing.”
"Howard! It's you! That's your voice and your big words." Steve peered at Tony as if trying to force his vision to behave. Or to turn Tony's face into his father's. "When did you grow a beard?" he asked jovially.
Tony’s pupils dilated and he licked his lips reflexively. His hand curled in Steve’s robes.
“Please, Stevie?” said Tony. “I’d really like you to be there with me.”
"I thought you guys were looking for the Grail. But this sounds like you've already seen it."
"You cannot forbid me to go, brother!" Gawaine was adamant. "The demon doesn't scare me and that Grail looks like a fine prize. Why would you deny me such a grand adventure?"
"Who wants to know?"
He settled into a sort of a routine. He'd ride a few hours, pretty much randomly, unless something on the road signs caught his attention. Then there were short bursts of purpose and he'd go see Mount Rushmore or Niagara Falls. He found that he liked riding at night, the quiet making him feel more peaceful. He visited random people who had written to him and either basked in the adoration of eight year old boys and their beaming mothers, or chewed the fat with people of his own generation. He ate in diners whenever possible, avoiding those nasty fast food places, and slept in motels or in the grass next to his bike when he couldn't find one. He realized he had seen more of Europe than he had seen of the US before this trip, but he was certainly getting to know it now.
"Excellent. Well, we'd better lower the ambient temperature then, so he won't spoil before we can get an embalmer in here. Refrigerate him, JARVIS."
"Breakfast?"
“Let’s be totally clear, Stark. You baked this cake of fuck ups, Steve iced it and the only thing I did was put the cherry on top.”
“We won.” The smile grew bigger. “And I am trying not to be a hypocrite, but, honestly, Tony, it’s not a competition. Stop trying to prove you’re worthy.”
"Oh, Tony. Good." Steve flopped back down onto the mattress, unfolding his limbs and suddenly there was a lot less room for Tony and his face was flush with Steve's impressive deltoid. "I'm sorry for waking you up, I didn't mean to." Of course Steve would apologize for having a nightmare.
“I came outside of my pants, but all over my dress shirt. And you came over my shirt too!” The two streaks of come were clearly distinguishable. By the looks of one of them, Tony was lucky his chin wasn’t covered in spunk. Grumbling, he started to unbutton the thing. Good thing he had common sense, unlike Steve and was wearing an undershirt in February. He cast a look aside and saw Steve smirk at him while pulling up his own pants. His shirt was still hanging open, with his mangled tie tossed over his shoulder and he had come on his chest from where he had fallen on top of Tony. It made him look like a wet dream, as far as Tony was concerned. He pulled his shirt off and balled it up to wipe Steve’s chest with it, muttering as he slapped Steve’s hands away from trying to do up his buttons before he was clean. Or cleanish, because they weren’t going to get anywhere close to what Tony considered clean. He frowned at the remnants of what was once a very expensive dress shirt.
Tony raised one eyebrow.
He was still awake though, when Steve rolled out his bedroll close by a little later. He waited until Steve had settled, then he hissed:
"Tony! Seriously! I am not dragging an easel and oil paints around Rome! I am not wearing a beret either, you idiot. I just need a sketchbook and some pencils and pastels. No, I don't need
"Very well, Sir."
“There is no ‘or else’ in that statement. ‘We’re making this official, or else…’ It seems like there should be an ‘or else’.”
Steve laughed now. “Yes, I am sure I do too. They're not that subtle about letting me know either. Times have really changed that way.” Tony looked at him appreciatively.
Tony looked at Steve more closely. He could only see half of his face, since the other half was smushed into the floor, but that half did look like he was enjoying himself. He was smiling rather dopily and Tony made a mental note to be nice and not to mention that to Steve once this was over. When he looked back up at the hermit it seemed like the man had flickered. As if the TV had been tuned to a different channel while Tony checked out Steve and had been changed back at the last moment. Tony considered the fact that the hermit might not be an actual hermit.
"We have a chopper coming in for a landing on the helipad, boys. American Military issue by the looks of it. I gotta stay out of range unless you want explosions to be part of this extraction and possibly cause an international incident. Stark, can you bring Clint to me?" She rattled off a series of coordinates that in Steve's estimate were about 10 clicks east.
“NI” said Tony and flew off to deposit the boy on a hill a few miles away. The king and what was left of the army followed them.
"You know, we are so the right men for this job," he said, "Your go-to solution is beating up people and mine would be to throw a lot of tech at it and instead we are sashaying around Floating Vegas in our fabulous borrowed clothes and picking fights with senior citizens. No good can come of this, Steve."
Steve scrambles onto the bed, only to notice that Tony has yanked his pajama bottoms off as he was doing so. He feels cold and exposed and is about to run, when he feels the bed dip behind him as Tony settles a proprietary hand on his ass. The hot hand print anchors him, and when Tony adds the other hand and starts kneading the globes of his ass, all thoughts of fleeing evaporate. It's pathetic how good this feels already.
"They went outside onto the balcony." Tony's voice was soft in his earpiece while he poured himself some water, "Let's go get some fresh air, shall we?" They took their cups of water and strolled casually outside. Their contacts were standing close together near the bow.
If a demon could look surprised, this one did. Which meant he couldn't read Tony's mind and that was the first good news Tony had had all day.
“Maybe, “ he said inbetween kisses. “But maybe you’ll be sick of me in two months time.” Another kiss. “It happens all the time.”
That night Tony lay awake and wondered why he was the one currently stuck in a castle o' witches and not Sam or Natasha. It couldn't possibly be that Steve hated him more than he liked them, could it? He couldn't have misread their relationship that much. They bickered, of course, and Steve drove him up the wall with his holier-than-thou judgy face and Tony made sure he was extra obnoxious around Steve so as to return the favor. But he'd always felt there was mutual respect or even an unspoken agreement that they were kind of playing a game, rather than expressing real dislike. That Steve was walking away from their altercations with a smile on his face, like Tony was. That they were actually a bit fond of each other. Possibly because Captain America had been his hero, growing up, and Steve, because Tony reminded him of Howard. Maybe.
Steve failed to talk to Tony for more than a week. It wasn't Tony's fault, he'd tried several times during the first few days. But Steve couldn't even look at him without being mortified, let alone talk to him like a rational person. As soon as Tony started to address him, it would all come rushing back -damn the eidetic memory- and Steve would be torn between the overwhelming rush of feeling Tony underneath him, naked and wanting, Tony's mouth on him, Tony's arms and legs around him, and the paralyzing fear that Tony would find out what Steve wanted to do to him. What Steve
“Aw, come on, Tony. I wouldn’t joke about something like that.”
He could not see Tony but he felt his hands tugging on the shirt. With little effect.
Silently cursing a blue streak he let Steve's fingers slip from his mouth and removed his thumb from Steve's. He cupped Steve's face with both hands and brought their foreheads together. Steve made a little questioning noise and Tony felt a surge of protectiveness wash over him. Just in time, he had stopped just in time. When he felt he could trust his voice not to give away how close he'd come to losing control, he said: "See? Giving up control and placing your trust in someone can be quite exciting." He gently nudged Steve's erection with his toe and watched Steve flush beet red. "However, for the rest of your education I think it's best if we stick to theory, rather than practice." When he untied Steve's blindfold, the man wouldn't meet his eyes. Tony leaned back and grabbed the bottle. "Now I am going to hook you up with Dan Savage and drink myself insensible, if you don't mind."
Tony almost choked on his coke. His audience whispered and elbowed each other. He plastered on a smile for them. Then he hissed:
“Congratulations, my friends!” boomed Thor. “This is a most fitting end to such an epic battle! Your love shall be like the rose blooming on the rubble of our victory! I shall officiate this ceremony and lady Widow has just offered to be maid of honor. Let’s find friend Hawkeye, so he can also witness this momentous occasion!” He glanced at the Hulk. “Though, perhaps we should wait until Doctor Banner is fit to stand up as best man for his brother in science?”
He didn't think Percival had understood, but Steve somehow communicated the necessary shift in position to him and within a couple of minutes they had maneuvered themselves out of the way, leaving a clear path between Tony and the wraith, lich, whatever.
"As you wish, Sir Stephen. Let's go, knights!"
“I get it, Tony. I do.”
Steve rolled his eyes, but Tony could tell he was trying not to laugh and Tony realized he'd inadvertently spoken the truth. This was a special moment and Tony felt happy and hopeful that maybe this could be more than just two guys trying to get along because they were stuck with each other.
Well, that was stupid. Bruce was the second smartest Ravenclaw student and admittedly brilliant in his own way, but also in possession of a legendary temper. Not someone Steve would model a sentient
An unfamiliar noise cut through the steady thrum of the ship's engine. It sounded like a massive waterfall had suddenly come into being, and when he opened his eyes it turned out to be true in some way. The enormous iceberg that had been depressingly present in Tony's view for the last half hour or so had decided to roll over for funsies. As its grey-blue underside slowly came heaving out of the ocean and the top rotated under, water ran in rivers out of the crags and crannies back to the surface. Tony watched in awe as the ice mogul rose from the depths like a frosty version of Poseidon. It rocked a few times until it had found its new equilibrium and then settled, with the last few thousand gallons of water dripping from its curves like an afterthought.
“That’s why. I wanted to make him angry. Anything to get him out of the funk he was in.”
"As if you'd let me fall."
“Carrying you is not a happy memory. Mercy, Tony, I was so scared you were going to die in my arms.”
Steve grinned. His lips were swollen and his hair was sticking up and Tony had given him beard burn. Yet he was still the most beautiful man Tony had ever laid eyes on. He was so caught up in staring at him, that he he didn’t notice straight away that Steve was on one elbow now, using his other hand to flick the button on Tony’s pants. He noticed when the back of Steve’s hand brushed his dick, though.
"Nat, go fetch a spare arc reactor from Tony's lab. JARVIS, show her where it is and disable all the security on it. Bruce, get him an antibiotics shot
"The fuck do you want anyway?" Goat Man is barely mollified, tension still rolling off him. Steve is struggling not to respond in kind. He should walk away, a tactical retreat, so he can let the adrenalin die down and regain his calm. But he can't seem to move. The man before him is dirty, sweaty, angry and fascinating. He is at least a decade older than Steve, but the muscles in his arms and shoulders are hard. The arrogance in his face and stance, so incongruous for a man who herds goats for a living, is softened by the fine lines around his eyes and mouth. The sweat stain on the front of his shirt matches the one on his back.
"No! Nonononono! You shall relay no such thing. I may be a rebel, but I am not suicidal."
, Pepper?" Tony complained as he stuck a postcard of the World's Largest Ball of Yarn to Dummy's charging station, which was covered in cards by now. Pepper looked up from her seat on Tony's workbench where she'd been bent over her tablet.
"Ooooh, that's what you were talking about with the French couple!" Steve looked delighted to finally have gotten that reference, when Kate and Leo were doing their flying thing. But then he looked puzzled. "There's no Captain Ramius in this, though, is there?"
“How so?” Tony hedged.
. And
"Alright. I'll head back east." As if he had a choice. But he realized she was right, actually. The time had come to head back and face the music.
“Come on, then.” Tony jerked his chin in the direction of home and started walking. Steve fell into step next to him.
“Of course it isn't.”
"He what?!"
"What about that one? Can I buy the blond one's soul with his?"
Steve desperately cast another Levitation and forced the bike back with the force of his will in order to reach the wand. He grabbed it and tossed it in Tony’s general direction, not daring to take his eyes of the motorcycle that was glaring at him with green tinged eyes and a menacing rumble, while it was trying to get at him. The pillar of fire in the cauldron was giving off waves of greasy smoke that stung Steve’s nostrils and the back of his throat and one of the broken tubes was leaking a fluid on the bench that was eating away at the wood with a loud hiss. The motorcycle now tried to go over him, working
"Keep dancing. Don't act suspicious. We'll go by again." Steve waltzed an illegal u-turn that earned them a frown from Antonio and steered them by the doors again. Yep. That was definitely the right fellow. And he was looking at them. Steve gave him a friendly smile. Couldn't hurt. They went around the room again, cutting a few corners, but next time they went by the doors the man was gone. Tony struggled again, but he wasn't as strong as Steve.
and the loneliness and yearning for Steve became unbearable. Then he'd go back to making taser arrows for Clint or any other of the fourteen projects he was working on until he got a nice firm grip on his anger again.
Steve's made a decidedly unimpressed face. "Takes one to know one."
That evening in his motel room, he marked all the places he had letters from in the Rand McNally. He didn't plan on purposely visiting all of them, maybe a few, maybe more than a few, but this way he wouldn't miss one if he was close anyway.
“Listen,” Tony says when it becomes clear Steve isn't going to say anything, “This is probably an epically bad idea. But I am not exactly known for my carefully considered decisions anyway.” There is a small shrugs and he straightens up marginally. Steve's gaze is riveted on the other man.
The next day Steve was coming back from his second run, taking a moment to catch his breath so he could give the portrait of the Fat Lady the password into Gryffindor tower. He was about to speak when she was obscured by a very properly dressed house elf stepping in front of her. Steve didn’t recall ever seeing a house elf in clothes, let alone one as formally dressed as this. The Fat Lady gave an indignant little squawk, but the house elf ignored her and addressed Steve instead.
“Henchmen, then.”
“I think flying through an interstellar portal with a nuke beats flying into the Atlantic Ocean with a nuke anyway. So I think I won this competition once and for all. I’m officially more heroic than you.” He held out his hand for Steve to pull him up to sitting. The suit was dead and heavy as shit.
The heat hits him in the face when he steps outside. It's easy to forget exactly how hot it is when you have air conditioning. He hesitates for a second, but decides he's got to say something. Surely they have plenty of days this hot in Mexico.
Tony fist pumped silently, excitement spreading over his features. Then he crouched in front of it.
“Wow.” It took Steve a minute to process this. “And you’re saying that Rumpelstiltskin’s straw did actually turn to gold and is, at this moment, still sitting in the Stark family vault?”
Wanda's face lights up as he meets her eyes and Steve feels caught in her gaze. He wants to run, and yet he doesn't. This is what he’s here for. He’s fucking terrified all of a sudden, but he doesn’t run.
Steve stopped himself from looking at Tony. Some conversations were best held facing forward. But Tony's paleness and poor cardiovascular condition suddenly made sense.
"You know. Loki can physically manifest just fine!" he yelled. The answering roar was gratifying.
touch him? He tried to remind himself of the reasons this was a bad idea, but he drew a total blank. It could not have been as important as getting Tony's mouth on his own right the hell
Steve finds himself gasping at the ceiling when he finally comes down, Tony a heavy weight by his side, his head about level with Steve's chest.
When they had all left, Tony turned back to Steve.
“So you’re saying…”
“I'm coming first. Not letting you come and run again.”
"Maybe a shirt?" Steve hedged. Tony grabbed a dark red Henley from the couch and pulled it over his head. He held out his arms to silently request Steve's judgment.
"How are we getting back?" Dane whispered. "Aren't we lost?"
The words hung in the air between them.
“Aw, Pepper, can’t it wait?”
“What made you think this was a good place to come to?”
Steve tore his eyes away and saw the hermit was still standing there. The man was looking at Gawaine now, who was decidedly unamused by Lancelot's departure. Then the grubby fellow closed his eyes and raised his arms for dramatic effect. Rolling his eyes, Steve braced himself for another pointless task. Whatever it was, he wasn't going to do it.
hand knitted jumper. In Gryffindor red with a gold S on it. Sam had given it him for Christmas three years ago, before Steve had hit his growth spurt. Even with expansion charms it couldn’t possibly fit Steve’s current frame, but he hadn’t wanted to toss it out, because, you know, it was a Real Molly Weasley
Tony nodded. If the guy was as good as he was rumored to be, he would be worth every penny.
God, he's ready. He's so ready.
"I don't blame you," said Steve, his hand still in place.
“I’m catching kittens. What does it look like I’m doing?”
The tests were over in minutes. Steve had almost hoped the bike would fail, so he wouldn’t have to deal with the conflicting feelings around the thing for a while, but of course it passed with flying colors.
He forced his thoughts away from Steve’s potentially morbid fate and as usual he ended up picking at everything that bugged him about S.I., instead. Thanks to Nick Fury and Pepper Potts, he was the boss in name, but it was obvious to Tony and everyone else that he wasn’t really. And he had a gut feeling that there were things going on that he was deliberately being kept out of. He hated that. If it hadn’t been for that, Tony would have happily settled into leading R&D and leave the rest of the company up to Stane and the board, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that that would be a bad idea. Pepper and Fury agreed, but none of them had figured out yet what to do about it.
Tony ignored him and so did everyone else.
“Yup.” Draco flicked a bit of lint off his lapel.
He looks around his mother's bedroom. He dusts and vacuums it maybe every other month, but he doesn't look at it when he does. He hasn't cleaned it out. It's like his mother could walk in any moment and chide him good-naturedly for trespassing on her domain. He knows there is a box in the walk in closet with a couple of pieces of clothing in it, where he left it, because it had made him feel like shit and he told himself he could do it later. But later had never come. He wonders if he should hide it now. But Tony has no business in his mother's closet, so it's not really necessary, he decides. Once he changes the sheets, he checks the en suite bathroom. He quickly swipes some of mom's creams and her toothbrush into a drawer, then flushes the toilet, to see if that will get rid of the gray ring in the bowl. It doesn't and the toilet doesn't fill back up. He swears, but it's too late to fix that now. Tony will have to share the hallway bathroom with him. He's already used his shower, he tells himself, this should be no different. He knows it is, though.
is happening to him? And how the fuck does he get it to
"Sounds like a sound strategy, Iron Man." Steve said with a smile, and it was a little weird because Tony was fairly sure Steve had smiled more at him in the last 12 hours than in all the time he had known him. Combined. And he had to stamp on a fledgling preen that threatened to rear its head. Because that felt a little like the approval seeking behavior and Tony Stark had not sought anyone's approval since his teens. Especially not from anyone of his father's generation, which Steve technically was. The idea alone was ridiculous.
Tony tried to imagine what Iron Man would look like to a Medieval knight and came to the conclusion he'd be surprised if the guy hadn't wet his pants by now. He shot up to hover a foot or two above the ground and the man started shouting at him. Tony supposed it was English, but it really sounded a lot more like German to him and besides a word that sounded suspiciously like 'demon' he couldn't understand a word of it.
"I feel like Cinderella."
think. They may be polite about it. They may not. I say we split this joint and go find some food that comes without the hassle. I am really not in the mood for this. Really, really not."
“Eh... I teach Art at the high school.”
“I can see I am going to have to bring my A-game. Now I am even more curious about your story, Captain Rogers.”
a Grail. The whole thing with Tony's Grail was a hoax, but this bearded fellow sure seemed convinced it was the real thing. Steve sighed. He didn't have
"No. No! That's quite alright. I'll be fine. You guys do whatever you want and I'll get some quality work time in. I don't like Christmas, I really don't, I much prefer to spend it alone. In fact, I'll leave you to your discussion and I'll just -" He made to stand up, when Natasha pinned him with a glare that had nothing of her new found softness in it.
did it."
“You don’t look like my client,” said Rhodes, looking Tony up and down.
"Hey." It sounded like a caress. It was.
"What the hell are we doing?" Steve saw no rhyme or reason to what was going on.
His hand is halfway to the towel when he catches himself and drops it hastily in his lap, hoping against hope that Tony hasn't noticed. But of course Tony has noticed. When he flicks his eyes up to Tony's face, the man is smirking down at him. There are water droplets running out of his hair down his neck soaking into the straps of the wife beater. Steve wants to lick those off too. He clenches his fists.
Tony described the event with a bit more detail than he had used for the abbreviated version the night before. He left out the deep emotional connection that Loki had mentioned, though. It sounded stupid, for one, here in a mundane medieval kitchen, with the object of said connection being all professional and shit, while sitting at a roughhewn table eating gruel. He would like to ask Steve about it, about this apparent connection, but he couldn't imagine the man responding with anything other than denial and disbelief. And then Tony would be forced to explain what Loki had claimed and he would sound... like he wanted to be special to Steve.
a coffeemaker, praise Jesus and Princess Cruise Lines. He dug around the blanket for his StarkPad-camouflaged-as-an-IPad because the last thing he remembered was looking up Frank Sinatra songs.
And now he wasn’t busy anymore and he would kill for a distraction. He could
First, that there was nothing, literally nothing, that could harm the Iron Man armor in this era. He could rule this country as decisively as Sauron ruled Mordor if he so desired. That wasn't as happy a thought as he would have thought it'd be.
“Stop it, jerkface.” Tony slapped him half heartedly on the thigh. “Stop kicking me.”
Tony grimaced in distaste. He so did not want to think about Captain America's sex life. If it was anything, it was probably all missionary position with the lights off and respecting her in the morning. Yech.
have together.
"Those who wish to go home should be given that chance." she said sharply. "But those who would fear their welcome there can either go to a convent if they so wish, or they can stay with me. I should be glad of their companionship while we all recover from these trying times."
"Agreed," said Tony, "So let's get off this fucking schoolbus." He clambered over Steve, who had to forcibly restrain himself not to reach out and
Insubordination, thy name is Tony Stark. “Who is JARVIS?” Steve asked.
"Yes. But you’ll have to be patient. It’s going to take me a little longer to finalize the arrangements. It was going to be a surprise, spoilsport."
Since lying was out, Tony went with the truth full throttle. "I would trade this entire fucking world for the blond one's soul." He was struck himself by
"What?" said Tony, affronted, "Are you laughing at my misery?"
“Yeah. You need a suit though. White tie.”
and in this particular instance he
There weren’t any words that fit here. Tony wanted was to go down there and hug Steve and tell him that somehow he would make it right, but he didn’t have a fucking clue how to make it right. Not even one.
“And you rescue homeless people.”
Suddenly Tony was by his side, breathing hard.
“I didn’t do-”
He hadn't even known Stark Industries was still searching the polar seas for a trace of Captain America's downed plane every summer. Apparently it was done by some shady subdivision of SI that had been funded for the rest of eternity by dear old Dad. Because of course it was. The man never gave up on Captain America, at least.
““It’s why you decided to drive that race car. Because you thought you were going to die.”
Today's mission had been decent. He'd rescued a few men who'd gotten themselves kidnapped and that had felt like an honest day's work and it had tired him somewhat. Win-win they called that nowadays.
Tony looked disconsolately at the offerings in the ship's duty-free-yet-still-overpriced electronics store. He sorely wished he'd had more time to prepare for this trip, but the damned spa treatments had eaten up most of the precious few hours after leaving Fury's office. So here he was without anything lethal that he could hide in a tux. Formal night tonight. Whoop dee doo.
Despite Tony's protests that he wasn't hungry, Steve forced him to come to breakfast with him. They found a pot of hot barley gruel in the kitchen that someone had prepared and Steve dished out two bowls and handed Tony one. Tony made a face and snagged the jar of honey on his way to the table. The only way to make this palatable was to create a gruel to honey ration of approximately 4:3, he knew from experiential evidence. Yesterday's talk of cinnamon buns might skew today's ratio more towards 1:1, though. He'd taste test at 8:7 and decide from there.
were you thinking, Tony!?!" Steve snarled. "What, in gods name, would possess you to go drive a race car in a fucking Grand Prix?! And ditching me to do it! Are you out of your fucking mind?! You know what could have happened, even without that lunatic showing up? Are you
“Bucky?”
barrel on.
"Okay, let's not assume the worst, but let's assume the worst."
He glanced at the perfect soldier next to him and stifled a snort at the look of wide eyed shock on the formerly impassive face. “Your country needs you to spend a long and painful day at a spa, Captain Beefcake,” he managed to get out before he could not hold back his laughter anymore. Fury glared and Rogers finally deigned to look at him. He graced Tony with a frown.
It wasn't like Tony had meant to acquire a witch. No, he was out on an evening stroll, or rather, fly, to be more accurate. Now that he'd moved into Castle Aaargh, he needed people to know he was there. The more people talked about him, the further they spread the gossip, the better for his plans. And it was a lot easier to freak people out on purpose, than to try and not freak people out, really. He swooped low over some villages while having JARVIS blast Metallica's Seek And Destroy over the outer speakers. Judging by the screaming and running, it was doing the job admirably. He felt kind of shitty scaring the crap out of people, though. Watching the young and old and infirm run for their lives brought him no joy. So much for turning super villain in the near future. Maybe he could burn a barn or two, to change things up, when the screaming got on his nerves.
“No need to put that on on my account,” Tony finally breaks the silence.
. I just needed to lie down for a bit.”
When they had taken a few turns in rapid succession in a direction Tony hoped was getting them closer to their cabin, he finally felt like he was coming out of the fog of that kiss. He looked up. Steve looked debauched. His hair was sticking up everywhere where Tony had ran his fingers through it, his lips -gah,that bottom lip- were swollen and red, he had beard burn all over his chin and Tony must have managed to pull his bow tie out, even if he didn't remember doing that. But his eyes were a little frantic and it seemed like he just could not settle on what emotion to feel. Tony sighed. No way Steve had missed how hard he was, it had been pretty obvious. This was going to take some fixing.
"And gave him a plane ticket to Europe? That doesn't make any sense." Tony was shaken, though. He hadn't even considered that Steve might be sick, let alone with the gay plague. Okay, it wasn't just the gay plague anymore, that had been debunked several years ago, but AIDS was very prevalent among the junkies and the prostitutes and the homeless.
“Well, it looks like you’re trying to fight a wall, but- oh, hey, kittens. There really are kittens.”
The land they passed through was deserted. No people, no animals, barely any vegetation. The houses were empty. It was unsettling at first, but as the hours dragged on it just became dull. They took frequent breaks to ease Tony's leg and to have him drink water, which was plentiful, fortunately. About mid morning they passed by an orchard. The apples that should have just been starting to ripen were old and wrinkled instead. They had to be last year's crop. Steve got some anyway, because the hunger was gnawing in his belly. He tried to feed Tony some apple mush, but Tony said his throat was too sore to eat and he wasn't hungry anyway. Feed a cold, starve a fever, so Steve didn't push.
In the end Steve ripped the sleeves out of Tony's racing leathers and tore it in a few more places so it would keep his larger frame at least partially covered. Wearing the armor in his spunk covered underwear wasn't exactly comfortable, but Tony doubted he would find a sympathetic ear in Steve if he complained, so he suffered stoically as they tried to find the best way for Steve and the shield to hitch a ride long term. Obviously the next redesign was going to need some unobtrusive foot and hand holds as well that wouldn't spoil the line of his suit. Or the aerodynamic qualities. Maybe he could squeeze in a decent uniform for Steve too. Something bulletproof, yet flexible enough to allow Steve to fully employ that deadly grace. Maybe that should have the priority over the armor redesign, actually, since Steve would be around a lot longer to enjoy it. He shook his head to banish that morbid line of thought.
So Tony's third cat already had a name before Steve even picked it up and gently dislodged the dead bird. The kitten mewled in protest, then tried to gnaw on Steve's finger as he started to rub its head with it. Tony quickly popped into De Wijnhaven to announce he was going home and Pim waved him off without a word.
So how was the one hallucinating the smell of cookies supposed to get any work done? The point of being in the workshop was to
"It's okay, man. That didn't look like sweet dreams to me." Steve was silent, so Tony barreled on. "My nightmares are about being trapped in a cave in the desert with a hole in my chest and a fuckton of people that want me dead. You?" Steve was quiet so long Tony didn't think he was going to answer when he whispered: "My plane going down into the ocean and then freezing to death." That explained the shivering then.
He wrapped an arm around Tony, because it seemed like he needed it, but was surprised when Tony leaned into it a bit. It was unsettling. Any sign of Tony Stark needing comfort was alarming, even when it was barely noticeable. Steve hadn't realized up until that moment how much Tony being unflappable was something he counted on. He looked around the makeshift workshop and tried to see it through Tony's eyes. It fell way short. The man must have felt like he was in prison. Or paralyzed.
." She paused with a spoonful of granita in her mouth, which made her look disturbingly like a little girl with a lollipop. "Actually, the ones that weep for Jesus are the worst."
“So I hear.”
"Plan? What the fuck for? I came, I saw, I went pew pew pew, I won. Simple."
This caused confusion, but no one sprung into action, that Tony could see.
"You can run but you can't hide, Stark!" Clint shouted. "We know where you live! Hell, we
As if all the testosterone fueled pissing contests with other knights weren't bad enough, the next morning they met another hermit. This one wasn't so much for the personal admonishments, he just requested the brave knights to come pray in the small chapel that was built almost into the rocky outcrop of the hills they had been traveling through. Percival was already climbing off his horse and Steve looked at Tony.
“Did your goons abandon you, Rogers?”
The man’s head snapped towards Tony and he ended up at the receiving end of an irritated look. Tony looked back at the man that Steve had left for dead after the ambush. Rhodey had told him how Steve had broken down when he’d learned that Bucky was still alive and Tony had been sharply torn between wanting to be there for him and being sickeningly afraid that Steve wouldn’t need him anymore if he had Bucky back. Rhodey had decided that it would be better for Steve’s mental health to do without Bucky’s testimony, so he could visit Steve and get calls from him. Tony agreed with this decision on an intellectual level, but beyond that his opinion about it deteriorated fairly rapidly.
Steve's driveway has suddenly acquired a single occupancy trailer park. Technically, the trailer isn't in his driveway, per se, he can still park his mom's old minivan, but it is so close to it it might as well be. Steve's house, the house that used to be his mom's until she died and Steve moved in temporarily to take care of her dogs, until he could figure out what to do with them. He still hasn't figured it out, only it's been years and just one of the dogs is still alive. That house abuts the open space where the hills are golden and dry in the late summer. The access road to the open space is right next to Steve's driveway.
"Just relax, Tony. Holding yourself stiff as a board isn't helping your balance. Soften your knees a little and move your weight from foot to foot."
"Must you question my genius like this, Barton? Always with the doubt, you unbelieving Thomas. I
The dude in the helicopter said something else, and Tony couldn't even process what it was and didn't care to. But he saw a stubborn look pass over Steve's face and then a pleading one. His whole body was one big plea as he started walking towards Tony, holding out his hands to him.
In retrospect, he shouldn’t have taken the call. For one thing, he was in Chad yet again, and any time Boko Haram wanted to call it it quits and become productive citizens wouldn’t be too soon for him. He was facing heavier than usual opposition, this band was better armed and better organized. The anti-aircraft guns couldn’t penetrate his armor, but he kept having to recalibrate his flight path through the shock waves.
"I am going to sleep," he announced to no one in particular. "I've had a long day. Thank you for letting me save your asses today, it's been a real pleasure." He was too fucking tired to deal with this bullshit.
"Not like that, Tony, I want to touch you." Tony flung himself backwards onto the bed, pulling Steve with him.
"I didn't ask." He'd been dying to ask, but it had seemed a surefire way of setting Steve running. And it had felt like that would encroach on trying-to-fix territory, where Tony had forbidden himself to go. Didn't make it less frustrating, though.
“Pajamas!” yelled Tony and threw a piece of metal at him. Steve flicked his wand and a pair of flannel jammies patterned with red and gold gryffindor lions flopped onto the floor.
“You have my word, Tony. We have a strong case for PTSD and shock. You’ll have him back as soon as we can manage.” He dropped Tony’s hand and gripped his shoulder.
“Tony, this is Sam Wilson, also known as Falcon. Sam, this is Tony Stark..."
Tony looked at him as he pushed the heavy wooden door open and searched by feel for the hall light switch. Not a junkie. But lost in some way.
“Jesus Fuck, you crazy woman. Step away from the gun.”
“Because.....?” Stark sounded hesitant, correctly sensing he was about to enter a minefield. Steve said nothing. “Okay, I am shit at emotional stuff, I truly am, and I am guessing that is what this is and not an issue with a torn hamstring or an allergy to sequins or something. Normally I'd be the last person I'd recommend explaining this shit to, because my reaction will be inappropriate at best and likely make you cry at worst. But this is really important to the success of the mission and I'm your only teammate, which sucks for you, I can't even express how much, I am really an execrable team player. But I can't help find a solution if I don't know what we're trying to fix.”
"Hang on, let me shut off the generator."
So Steve clammed up and fought down his blush when Tony tried to talk to him, until Tony gave up after a few days. Right now, even if he'd wanted to talk he wouldn't know how to begin anymore. Every day, every hour, every minute the wall between them had grown bigger and now it felt like the silence itself was choking him.
“That isn't justice! You killed them for your own glory and pride. What about these women they victimized, did they not deserve to see justice done?”
“According to JARVIS there is no visual surveillance in this room, he is overriding the audio with static whenever we're here, so it will sound like a malfunction, and we can talk freely. If needed he can clear other spaces for us, but I want him to interfere as little as possible. The more passively he can ride on the system, the less chance of detection by Hydra.” Steve nodded and caught himself smiling, again. He hadn't smiled this much in months... Man, Stark was a force to be reckoned with, possibly even more brilliant than Howard had been. It felt odd not to be quite in charge, but if he was honest that was probably just as well, since this wasn't exactly a battlefield situation. Stark seemed to know what they were doing. All Steve had to do for now was follow his lead, watch the guy's back and learn to swish. Seemed doable. Even if the swishing might not be.
. Physically. But he isn't... He can't. He's emphatically
"We can't!" said Percival. "They're witches. We can't consort with witches."
“When are you… How long do we have?”
Tony was normally a very active participant in table conversations whenever they had meals together, but this evening he kind of let the whole thing flow over him. Bruce and Thor were talking science and normally Tony would at least be trying to follow that conversation, but Clint and Natasha were making plans to go to Budapest in summer. Apparently Clint had made it to the semi-finals of some dart tournament that would be held there and Natasha wanted to see it, now that the Iron Curtain had come down. Steve had a couple of suggestions of stuff to see on the way and Tony was just happy to watch them talk. To be honest, he was mostly watching Steve’s profile as the warm light played over his features and maybe it was the beer (which had a fairly spectacular amount of alcohol in it), or maybe it was the fact that he was dry and warm and in good company while the rain lashed against the dark windows behind him, but he couldn’t really recall ever feeling this comfortable before. He was almost giddy with it. Was this what happiness felt like, he wondered.
